sda


    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: lex m/m (mature OR explicit) 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Edit Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Share 

    Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Teen And Up Audiences 

Archive Warning:

        No Archive Warnings Apply 

Category:

        Gen 

Fandoms:

        Marvel Cinematic UniverseThe Avengers (Marvel Movies)Spider-Man (Tom Holland Movies) 

Relationships:

        Peter Parker & Tony StarkPepper Potts/Tony Stark 

Characters:

        Tony StarkPeter ParkerPepper PottsMorgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)Jarvis (Iron Man movies)James "Rhodey" RhodesMay Parker (Spider-Man) 

Additional Tags:

        Time Travel Fix-ItTony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental FigureTony Stark Has a HeartNot Really Character DeathKid Peter ParkerFluff and AngstAlternate Universe - Time TravelBAMF Tony StarkBAMF Pepper PottsOther Additional Tags to Be AddedPeter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child 

Language:
    English 
Collections:
    tony stark & soul travel, Not to be misplaced, Hit Me Baby One More Time, Irondad Creators Awards 2021 - Nominations, IronDad & SpiderSon, MCU Time Travel, Tony Does Things His Way, Irondad Creators Awards 2021 - Runners-Up, Foreknowledge, The Best of the Best Peter Parker Fics, Team Tony and (possible) friends time travel, Waiting For Updates - Marvel, My amazing all time favourites., Ultimate Marvel Faves, Super Duper Mega Awesome Favourite Fics, A Collection of Beloved Inserts, Wulf47's Collection of Good Self Inserts and Do-Overs, Changes to the MCU, MCU Tony Stark & Peter Parker taking care of one another, MCU Epic exceptional Stories, Tony_Tony_Tony, Good Stories to Pass Time, Marvel fic recommendations, Cast pearls before swine, Favorite Marvel, SakurAlpha's Fic Rec of Pure how did you create this you amazing bean, Best of the Best Amen!, Read & Loved MCU Fics, Gems in Progress, Irondad Creators Awards 2022, The Best of the MARVEL Universe, MCU Time Travel, Favorite Marvel fanfics, Irondad, Tempus et Spatium (Time and Space), Best_Of_Spidey, MCU Time Travel Stories, MCU Best of Irondad Spiderkid, time-loops! time-loops! time-loops! (read like mulaney’s mcdonald’s chant), Wibbly Wobbly Time-y Wimey, Marvel TimeTravel Fics, A_Listers 
Stats:

    Published:
        2020-11-05
    Updated:
        2024-02-04
    Words:
        169,450
    Chapters:
        53/?
    Comments:
        4,092
    Kudos:
        20,240
    Bookmarks:
        6,776
    Hits:
        967,266

Be careful what you wish for, you may just get it
Savana_Marlark
Summary:

    A snap.

    A gauntlet.

    A dying man's regret.

    It is a dangerous thing to wish with infinity stones on your fist.

    Sent back to the sands of Afghanistan, Tony Stark has a world to fix, and a Titan to stop, but he won't be doing it alone.

Chapter 1: Prologue
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

It was done.

He could taste iron in his mouth, smell the ash on the air, feel his heartbeat falter and slow.

The pain had faded now, the all-consuming agony now a blessed numbness and through his blurry vision he could see his kid in front of him.  Peter.

Ruined lips tried to smile but the muscles in his face wouldn’t obey.

“We won Mr Stark. We won.”

Had they won? Sluggish thoughts drifted through his mind. No not really.

Peter was alive and that was the victory but that didn’t give back the years missed or fill the gaping hole in his and so many others’ lives. It didn’t bring back those who had died in Thanos’ quest for power or the bleak days in the intervening years. It didn’t bring back Nat, or let Morgan grow up knowing her brother.

Peter was alive.

For that he would die, for that he was dying, and call the trade fair. His life to ensure that both his children could live? It was never a contest.

He could see Pepper now. The wonderful woman who had put up with far too much. She would keep them safe. This was the last job he would give her.

He was tired. So very tired.

Peter was crying. Pepper was crying too.

Her lips pressed against his cheek. Her mouth was moving but he couldn’t hear her.

His vision dimmed and faded.

He couldn’t fix this.

He wanted to. To fix this, to see his family whole and the universe safe. To live for his children, not die for them.

It is a dangerous thing to wish when the infinity stones are still on your fist.

As the last of his consciousness slipped away, the six stones on his fist started to glow.

Fifteen years earlier, in the wreckage of a suit half buried in the sands of Afghanistan Tony Stark opened his eyes to an iridescent multi-coloured sheen and remembered.

 

 
Notes:

    So I thought I'd give the time travel trope a try - particularly given how endgame ended. I've currently got about 15000 words of this written so I'll be able to keep to a roughly weekly posting schedule for a month or so, although chapter 1 should be out at the weekend - after that we'll see how the muse is doing!

    If you enjoyed this, comments and kudos are gratefully appreciated.

Chapter 2: Chapter 1
Notes:

    Advanced warning - brief mentions of suicidal (ish) thoughts/patterns of behaviour in this chapter. They're very short but I thought I'd better warn people just in case.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Sand, burning metal, pain.

Coughing Tony pulled himself out of the wreckage of his first suit, desert sun and sand stinging his eyes, with an inhuman chorus of voices still ringing in his ears.

“Anthony Edward Stark. Fix it. Fix us. They are waiting.”

The last multi-coloured flecks left his vision and he squinted against the burning sun, his body aching and burning, but not with the agony of the ruins the gauntlet had left or the numbness that had followed.

He stumbled away from the pile of scrap metal, mind whirling as old and new memories clashed, the taste of ash and blood on his tongue.

Trembling legs gave out from underneath him and he crashed down onto the hot sand, scarlet blood greedily soaked up by the desert, the coarse sand causing his new-old injuries to scream. He tasted salt on his tongue and realised suddenly he was crying.

He had been dying, he had been dead, his family had been safe and now he was here? What had happened to Morgan, Peter, Pepper?

It was a joke, it had to be. A dying regret of a broken man and those damned stones had fulfilled it? Brought him back now, where Pepper wasn’t the woman he had married, where Morgan did not exist and where Peter did not know him?

He’d done it. He’d saved the universe, brought them back. What more could the universe ask? Hadn’t he done enough?

It was too cruel.

He didn’t want responsibility for the universe, for fixing everything. The universe didn’t matter, the universe had never been why he had done it. It had been for Peter, for the son he’d lost.

It wasn’t perfect, of course it wasn’t. If it had been perfect Thanos would never have happened, Peter, Morgan and Pepper would be safe and happy. It had been nothing but a dying man’s regret, a wish to make it better, to fix it so he could have the happy ending he had longed for but know he didn’t deserve.

A selfish wish.

Maybe that was why he had been sent back. He had never believed in hell, but maybe this was the penance he deserved for the lives he had stolen through both action and inaction.

It was an apt torture.

The responsibility to fix and thus atone by all the lives he could save, whilst his own family were forever out of reach, locked in his own memories. And then their mirrors.

Pepper present as his assistant but not his Pepper, a flesh and blood ghost to taunt him with what he could never have again. Peter alive, but not the same boy he knew, the child he loved but who would never know him, never know what their relationship had become. Morgan, the daughter that would never be born.

He did not know how long he sat there, tears of rage and grief mingling as they cut tracks through his grime covered face. He mourned for the life he’d lost, for the family he would never see again, until his tears ran dry and the taste of salt was heavy on his tongue.

Eventually the heat of the burning sun against his back forced him back to his feet. He didn’t remember how long it had taken for Rhodey to find him last time but he knew he’d had to walk. He couldn’t afford to die now.

Not if he was really here in 2009, and had the opportunity to end the fight, make sure that half the universe wasn’t reduced to dust. It was another place he’d never seen eye to eye with Steve on. He could and would end the fight as soon as possible, make it so that everyone could go home afterwards.

There wouldn’t be a home to go back to for him. He would mourn the family he had lost for the rest of his life, and once he had saved everyone he could, atoned for the blood on his hands, he would die gratefully.

He understood Yinsen now. Understood him all too clearly. He had a job to do and then he would be glad of the release of death.

First he had to survive this. Then once he was back in the States he could work on fixing the universe. The quicker he worked, the sooner he could rest.

Time was difficult to measure in the desert. The heat of the sun did nothing but increase and every step felt harder but Tony gritted his teeth and pushed on. He’d worked through far worse pain, and anyway the pain scarcely mattered now.

It could have been an hour or five when the characteristic sound of a helicopter filled the air and shading his eyes as he looked up, Tony saw the markings of the US Air Force.

Everything happened rather quickly at that point. The helicopter landed, and he watched as the soldiers hurried towards him.

As they got closer, one of the faces punched the air from his lungs. Rhodey was in the lead, concern written across his features, walking under his own power, not needing the braces. That was another wrong he could fix.

Tony felt tears well up in his eyes and threaten to fall. With a great effort of will he forced them back, Rhodey was his oldest friend, but these soldiers were unknown and he would not show weakness in front of strangers. That was a trait that had only been acerbated by the fifteen years that hadn’t yet happened.

At Rhodey’s comment about the Humvee he couldn’t prevent the hysterical laugh that escaped and was suddenly very grateful for the arm that came round his shoulders as it became the only thing holding him upright.

The next few minutes were a blur. Rhodey’s arm stayed stubbornly fixed around his shoulders as he was helped back to the helicopter, his wounds treated and a bottle of water pushed into his hands.

Rhodey’s hovering was familiar, soothing. His friend’s tendency to hover whenever he had done something stupid or been hurt was something that had remained unchanged since he had first met him back in MIT and it was a welcome piece of familiarity in a world that was so very wrong.

Tony let himself breathe for a moment, letting Rhodey’s presence sooth the jagged edges of his heart. Whilst Rhodey wasn’t the man he had fought alongside during the years that now hadn’t happened, he was still familiar enough that his presence felt more comforting than painful.

The medics in the camp were an inconvenience however he still possessed a stubbornness that could outlast a mountain and much to their displeasure he managed to avoid a full medical check-up. They were welcome to bandage his shoulder, but the knowledge of the arc reactor powering his heart needed to remain secret for as long as possible. He remembered all too clearly Stane’s face as he tore the reactor from his chest.  

Soon the medical checks were done and Rhodey was ushering him towards one of the few private rooms in the base. It had been approaching sunset when they had found him, and despite Tony’s status, the first plane able to take him home wouldn’t take off until the morning.

“I’ll be back in a minute with something for you to eat Tones, so stay put alright? Three months AWOL should have been enough to satisfy you.”

“Make it a cheeseburger and I’ll consider it,” he replied, a facsimile of a normal grin stretching his features and he received a rough bark of laughter in response.

He knew Rhodey could see beneath the façade that he was okay, however the man appeared to be content to play along for now, evidently chalking up any behavioural changes to Tony’s time in the hands of the Ten Rings.

Rhodey disappeared back into the base but true to his word, quickly reappeared with a steaming plate of food.

“It’s not a cheeseburger but they did have fries. Sophisticated enough for your palate Tones?”

“I don’t know.” He shrugged, “It’d have to be pretty bad to lose out to breakfast but this is the military.”

“I’ll take that as long as you eat it. And don’t try any crap about edibility – I can remember exactly what your diet in college consisted of.”

“Like you weren’t as bad honeybear.”

Rhodey just tilted his head, a touch of a grin playing around his mouth, and Tony rolled his eyes in response, though the action was fond. Be it 2009 or 2023, Rhodey was still the same.

It didn’t take long until the food was finished and Rhodey left him to his own devices but not without a parting shot.

“Tones - get some rest dammit. I won’t be hauling a zombie back to the States tomorrow.”

For his part, Tony had every intention of obeying the letter of those instructions not the spirit. He knew he would need to sleep eventually, but he was fully aware that he would be woken by nightmares if he tried. A few hours in the early morning when his body gave out would be sufficient and he could use the preceding time productively.

He needed to make a plan, he knew both what Stane had already done, and what he was planning to do. He also need to shut down his weapons manufacturing division but with the benefit of hindsight he would be able to do so with fewer calamities this time.

And if planning and working was his tried and tested method of distracting himself from emotions he didn’t want to and could not afford to acknowledge? Well that was all to the good.

By the time his body was unwilling to stave off sleep any further without the addition of caffeine, he had the beginnings of a workable plan. He had Iron Man suits to build and technology to recreate – as well as Stane to neuter and force out. He also had upgrades to make to ensure Shield would get nowhere near his tech, particularly knowing how deep Hydra’s claws ran.

Jarvis was still alive, and Tony would not see his creation and friend sacrificed again. Jarvis would not be vulnerable to Shield for a second time.

That was the easy part. Technology was something he had lived and breathed all his life and with the knowledge he had from the future that now would never be, it would be relatively straight forward to make the innovations he needed. Both the Iron Man armour and the code updates he needed would be made and implemented quickly.

Neutralising Stane would take more work. Simply shutting things down had not worked well last time, and painful experience had taught him valuable lessons. He couldn’t shut the board out, and make unilateral decisions and that was where some new technology would come in.

Pause the weapons manufacturing “temporarily” for an investigation to take place, whilst bribing them with diversification and new tech they could use to weather the storm. That would buy him time, and that investigation would give him the opportunity to pull Stane’s crimes to light, particularly given he knew exactly what he was looking for, and indeed where to look.

That was Step 1. Steps 2 through to infinity could be worked out when he was not sleep deprived, and desperate to be in surroundings that were at least somewhat familiar.

Morning came both too slowly and not fast enough. True to his prediction he had only managed to steal a few hours of slumber before he jerked awake, hands clenching uselessly at empty air, the taste of ash on his tongue and ‘I don’t want to go’ ringing in his ears.

He’d dragged his mind away from that precipice and thrown himself straight into work. Rhodey had helpfully returned the tablet he had originally brought with him and that proved to be the perfect distraction.

He was partway through sketching out an initial design for an Iron Man suit by the time the plane was ready for take-off. It was approximately a 16-hour flight to reach California, and he was confident he would be able to have a rough outline, and snatch another couple of hours of rest before they landed.

Rhodey had taken one look at the tablet and frowned but he hadn’t made any move to take it away, and Tony didn’t miss the relief in his friend’s eyes when he grabbed coke instead of whiskey.

He hadn’t managed to stay sober for any length of time until a year after Morgan was born, but he gone sober then, and hadn’t touched a drink in the four years after that. He knew what drink could do to a man and he had no intention of being his father.

Three months in the cave had been enough for this body to go through withdrawal and come out the other side. He had a chance to grab sobriety now and he might as well try for it, though without his family around him he had no illusions about his chances of maintaining it for anything more than a few months.

The plans for the Iron Man suit was completed just as they reached US airspace and Tony tucked the tablet into his jacket pocket before stretching back as far as the uncomfortable seats would allow. The design was significantly better than the Mark I armour had been originally, however it was still a far cry from the Bleeding Edge nanotech suit. That would take far too long to recreate and he wanted a suit ready as soon as possible.

There wasn’t much more he could do now however, and with another few hours left until they touched down, he could afford to rest. There would be work aplenty once they had landed and bitter experience had taught him that any rest he could get before the start of a mission would be valuable.

And the first few days back on US soil were certain to be a mission. He had several goals to accomplish and very little time. Once he was secure, both in Malibu and with regards to SI and Stane he could afford to recuperate and plan further actions.

The plane touched down with a jolt and Tony was abruptly broken from his thoughts. With a dose of his characteristic stubbornness he pushed away the wheelchair, pretending not to notice the mixture of relief and exasperation that coated Rhodey’s features at the action.

As the ramp slowly lowered he abruptly realised that he wasn’t ready. Pepper was at the bottom of that ramp, and she wouldn’t be the person he had married and he wasn’t ready for that blow, to see her and have to act as if he couldn’t remember all the years they had shared.

He swallowed hard as he took in his first sight of her waiting on the tarmac, again he had to force the tears back. He could not afford to show weakness in front of the press and hence Stane. His body moved automatically as he walked down the ramp, and it was only years of practice that kept the emotions off his face.

She had been crying he noticed, and the sight made his heart ache.

“A few tears for your long lost boss?” He aimed for flippant but he could hear the uncertainty beneath the bravado.

“Tears of joy,” Came the rejoinder, and only years of familiarity let him hear the waver as she continued, “It isn’t every day he survives the impossible.”

Tony’s eyes widened slightly. That wasn’t the response he’d been expecting.

“Well,” he continued breezily, “I am Tony Stark after all. The impossible is to be expected.”

Again the response he got was not what he had expected. Her eyes scanned him, lingering particularly on his right side, hand and non-existent scars on his face.

“Yes,” she agreed, and there was a softness hidden beneath the words that only his well-trained ear could detect, “Even time wasn’t a barrier.”

Treacherous hope rose up in his heart, even as he continued their normal banter, “Careful Miss Potts, my ego might get used to it.”

“A little feeding is sometimes warranted, perhaps as much as 12% of the time.” The reply was pert but then she paused, and there was something hidden behind her eyes that echoed the feeling in his chest. “Besides, I hate job hunting.”

His heart was beating a tattoo against his sternum, but in the middle of the tarmac was not the place to confront the suspicions that were beginning to rise in his mind.

“The vacation’s over,” he said briskly, already turning to walk towards the car Happy was waiting by. “There’s work to do.”

He slipped into the back of the car, grateful for the comfort of the leather seats after the hours on a military flight and the aches and pains of a body still recovering from the ten rings and their hospitality.

“The mansion Happy.” He instructed, waiting for Pepper’s inevitable protest and slightly surprised when it didn’t come. The suspicion in his mind was slowly growing.

Dark eyes scanned the interior of the car. It was one of his, one he recognised, and with the divider up, it was one he knew he had made completely sound-proof. There were no obvious bugs, but he knew that didn’t necessarily mean they weren’t there. He hadn’t been nearly paranoid enough in 2009 – his time in Afghanistan was more than enough proof of that.

Still, he was not a patient man, and the hope that was beating in his chest was too treacherous to wait. He could confirm his suspicions with a single question that would give away very little to anyone who was listening, be it Stane or Fury.

Heartbeat hammering in his ears, Tony turned towards her. If the answer was negative he could play it off easily enough as something miss-heard during his captivity, or play up the eccentric billionaire angle.

“Have you heard the name Thanos?”
Notes:

    Thank you so much for all the comments, kudos, bookmarks, subscriptions and hits - I've been blown away by the response this has recieved. A massive, massive thank you!

    The next update should be next weekend - I won't leave you on that semi-cliffhanger for long. I hope you all enjoyed it, and if you did comments, kudos etc are very gratefully recieved.

Chapter 3: Chapter 2
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tony had his answer before Pepper opened her mouth. The widening of her eyes, the sudden paleness that overtook her features, and the relief that was poorly concealed in her face.

“Easy Pep,” he cautioned, now sure of his place in her life. “Breathe, you’re alright.”

He watched worriedly as she regained her normal pose, relief suffusing every part of him. He wasn’t alone, Pepper was here with him and that would make things so much easier. Again he felt tears well up, and for the first time since he had been alone in the desert he was willing to let them fall.

The divider was up, it was only him and Pepper, and she had seen him in far more vulnerable positions than this. She was alive, it was her, it was his wife and he didn’t have to do this without her.

The words the infinity stones had whispered in his mind came back to him, “They are waiting.”

Hope flared anew. There were two others he wanted here desperately, two others he hoped would make part of that ‘they’. Reality reared its ugly head only seconds later, he and Pepper both appeared to have returned to their younger selves, and whilst Peter was currently alive in this time, Morgan would not be born for another ten years.

He’d check nevertheless. Once he was back in the mansion and he had access to Jarvis he’d scan everything he could get his hands on looking for the two of them, because if Pepper was here, why not his children? He had to make sure before he mourned them both anew.

“What happened Tony?”

Pepper had regained her composure remarkably fast and now looked every inch the capable CEO she had been, but he was already shaking his head.

“Not here,” he answered quietly, “I have a good idea given what happened at the compound, but that discussion is best had in my lab.”

His eyes flicked around the interior of the car, and by the hardening of her eyes Pepper had recognised the implication. She had never quite forgiven Shield and Natasha for their actions, and whilst she had never developed the same levels of paranoia he possessed, she had a healthy sense of caution.

She nodded sharply in acknowledgment, a professional veneer falling over her face.

“Understood Mr Stark.”

“Call a press conference for tomorrow afternoon.” He instructed, “And set up a board meeting for first thing tomorrow.”

“Dare I hope you have learnt to be less impulsive?”

Tony laughed but it was a short, bitter thing.

“Hardly. I simply know what a mistake here costs and I have no intention of repeating them.”

He saw Pepper’s lips twist into a wry smile. She knew exactly how many mistakes he had made over the years, but she also knew he rarely made the same mistake twice, instead finding new and inventive ways to muck things up.

“Will that be all Mr Stark?”

“That will be all Miss Potts.”

Before she could reach for her mobile however, he reached out and clasped one of her hands in his own calloused one.

Her eyes softened and her lips moved into a much gentler smile. They exchanged a long glance, his own hope, pain and love reflected back in the look he received.

Tony let out a deep breath, one of the holes in his heart filling itself again. He relished the feeling of having her hand in his. This was far more than he had dared to hope for, and having his wife by his side, knowing everything that had happened in the years that now would never be, was a balm to his soul.

But as always, the demands of the world impinged on any moment he could take to rest.

With a last regretful squeeze of his hand Pepper pulled away, withdrawing her mobile to start making the required arrangements.

Tony returned to his tablet and suppressed the now familiar internal wince. The technology in 2009 was far too slow and clunky, particularly given Stark Industries had yet to enter and dominate the market.

At least that will make it easier for the Board to go along with his suggestions, he mused with a touch of dark humour. It wasn’t really fair now he thought about it. He was already a genius and with the memories of fourteen years’ worth of technological advancements, SI would blow all their competitors out the water.

A quick glance at his watch revealed they still had a good half hour until they were back at the mansion, and that would give him plenty of time to start on a couple of basic blueprints he could use to pacify the board.

Ease them into it. He had no intention of restarting weapons manufacturing and by the time the investigation was complete they would already be producing the new technologies. Then he would be able to shut it down completely, without the backlash that had occurred previously.

Satellites, high tech protective equipment, and prosthetics first. Those would be an easier sell as they had military links. Then he could branch out further, medical technologies, ordinary useful technology – phones and tablets, and nanotechnology.

That would take care of SI, and if the technology he was creating and the scientists he planned on bringing on board might just help prepare the planet for Thanos, well, that would be an excellent double use of resources.

By the time they reached the mansion he already had a working blueprint for a basic set of advanced body armour. It was primarily based on the undersuit he had worn with some of the middle versions of the Iron Man armour. He would need more than that for the board tomorrow but this would hardly be the first all-nighter he had pulled on very little sleep, and he had other priorities now.

It felt like something out of a dream as he stepped into the Malibu mansion. He hadn’t bothered to rebuild it after the fiasco with the Mandarin, and he was suddenly hit with a powerful wave of nostalgia as he stepped through the doors.

There were so many little details he’d forgotten, scents, tastes, tiny imperfections that he’d never got round to fixing, memories hidden in every scratch and dent. This place was home, had been his first real home and it struck him suddenly just how much he’d missed it.

“It is good to see you again Sir.”

Tony choked, unsure whether grief or joy was clogging his throat at the sound of that much missed voice. Jarvis was his creation, his child in a way, and his death had wounded him deeply. It was why he had never been able to face Vision for long. Hearing Jarvis’ voice from a being that was not and would never be his long time friend, child, and companion had hurt far too much.

“You too J,” he forced the words out of a throat thick with unshed tears, “You too.”

Pepper had come in behind him, and he was grateful for her steady presence at his back as he sucked in a deep breath before he headed deeper into the house, fingers running gently over surfaces in a physical reminder that he was here.

“Lab Jarvis.”

“If I may Sir,” Jarvis interjected, “You appear distressed. I would not recommend working in this condition.”

Tony couldn’t help but roll his eyes, though the exasperation was almost entirely feigned. He’d missed Jarvis’s mother henning; Friday had not had the time to learn to be as human as her older brother, and he hadn’t been able to bring himself to pre-program it.

Reaching the lab, he raised his hands and let Jarvis scan his biometrics, and stepped through the door.

Frantic beeping met his ears and he whirled round, his arm automatically coming up ready to fire a repulsor that didn’t yet exist. He lowered it in the next instant as his three bots came charging around the corner, and a wet laugh erupted from his throat as he surveyed the three with fondness.

“I missed you disasters too.”

He let them crowd round him, spinning round exuberantly as he reached out to pat any pieces of metal he could reach. They were simple, familiar and the same now as they were in fourteen years’ time, and although their intelligence was nowhere close to Jarvis’, they understood enough.

Without stopping his fuss over the bots he glanced up, “J – scan the whole house for bugs and disrupt any you find. I’ll have a code upgrade for you soon, but this will do for now.”

“Of course Sir.” There was half a beat before the AI continued, “May I enquire as to why?”

Tony couldn’t help the slight smile that creased his lips. Jarvis was so very human, so very advanced. Friday wouldn’t have questioned him to this extent, and if there was something unequivocally good about being back in the past it was the fact that Jarvis was still alive and that he had the chance to save him.

“I’ll tell you later Jarvis.” He demurred, “I want to get your code updated first, make sure everything is secure.”

He remembered all too vividly both Jarvis’s death and the terror he’d felt the first time Agent had infiltrated his home and shut the AI down. He’d found the vulnerability straight afterwards, and had learnt a lot of coding in the intervening years. Jarvis would not die again if there was anything he could do to prevent it.

There was a slightly longer pause before the AI spoke again.

“Scan complete. Three devices detected in the lobby and a further two in your office. I am currently isolating their signals and looping their recordings. No devices detected elsewhere.”

That was about what he had expected Tony mused, in those locations it was likely a mix of Stane and Shield but they did not appear to have penetrated his lab, which was unsurprising given the security he had down here. Still, no need to let his guard down.

“Monitor those J – and alert me if anyone else tries to insert another one into the house. Also, a new protocol – Watchdog. Entry into this house is barred to anyone without my authorisation. Authorised people at this time are Pepper, Rhodey and Happy.”

“Protocol: Watchdog initialised Sir.”

That was the house as secure as he could make it until he was able to upgrade Jarvis’ coding and implement a host of new security features. Someone still could get in if they made a determined assault, but he wasn’t expecting Shield for a few months and a locked door would delay Stane sufficiently to give him time to prepare.

He shooed the bots back to their charging stations. There was one more high priority task he had to complete before he threw himself into getting things set up for tomorrow.

“I need you to run a search Jarvis. Two people, children. The first Peter Parker, about eight, try Queens, New York, guardians Ben and May Parker. The second,” he took a deep breath, “Morgan, a girl, brown hair, brown eyes, no older than five but maybe younger, try Fairburn, Georgia. Let me know the moment you find something.”

“Of course Sir.”

Half a breath passed, and when he next spoke, Jarvis sounded remarkably vulnerable, “And I would appreciate it Sir if you could refrain from vanishing again. These past three months have been….difficult.”

There was a lump in his throat.

Tony reached out to pat the nearest monitor. Jarvis didn’t have a physical body for him to interact with like the bots, but the action grounded him.

“I’ll try my best J,” he managed eventually.

“Thank you Sir.”

Damn it.

He’d already cried far too much in the last forty-eight hours, but he could feel tears lurking behind his eyelids once more. Jarvis was alive, and if Tony had anything to say about it, he would remain that way, all sarcastic humour and poorly concealed concern, a learning, growing, alive person.

The quiet of the lab was broken by a single question.

 “Morgan and Peter?”

There was a wobble in Pepper’s voice and Tony turned abruptly. In the chaos of meeting Jarvis again and getting things set up he’d nearly forgotten she was there. Frankly that was more a mark of his trust in her than anything else, there were very few people he would turn his back on, much less forget that they had intruded into his sanctuary.

“The stones left a message,” the man admitted quietly, “It was my last regret, that I couldn’t fix things and see them grow. The next thing I knew I was in that god-forsaken desert with a chance to fix everything.”

He paused before continuing, aware he hadn’t actually answered the question.

“You’re here,” he offered, grief thick in his voice, “The stones said ‘they would be waiting’, I know Peter’s alive in this time at least, I can’t not check.”

Pepper was nodding as she listened, tears pricking in the corner of her eyes. He recognised both the grief and hope in her eyes, it matched the look he had worn when Steve and Natasha had dangled the possibility of the time heist in front of his face.

It was strange really, he’d found his way into parenthood before her. Pepper hadn’t really known Peter, he had always been Tony’s child and then he had been dust before Tony could really embrace that relationship. That had only made the pain worse in the intervening years.

He could recognise that mix of grief for a missing child mixed with the wild spark of hope that getting them back might just be possible that stared at him out of Pepper’s face. It was his all too clear memory of those days frantically working on time travel, and the guilt that gnawed at his insides that prompted his next words.

“I’m sorry Pep,” he continued, “This mess is all my fault. If wasn’t for that wish, none of this would have happened and we wouldn’t have to deal with any of this. You’d all be safe.”

He braced himself for her to pull away, express her pain and anger, giving vent to the grief he could see in her eyes but his wonderful wife surprised him yet again.

“And you would be dead.” She finished, in a voice like steel. “Anthony Edward Stark, you do not take the blame for this. You could not have anticipated this – their actions were not yours.”

Her voice softened then. “We can only make the best of things to come.”

She stepped forward and wrapped her arms around him and he gratefully returned the embrace.

“I’ll find them Pep,” he whispered into her hair, “If they’re here I’ll find them.”

“And if they aren’t,” her voice hitched on the words, “We’ll mourn them together.”

Tony closed his eyes, content to simply hold her close as they stood in the basement of a house they could both remember being destroyed. Soon they would have to work, to search and fight, but for this instant they had each other and that would be enough.
Notes:

    Well done on all the guesses - here is Pepper! I hope you all enjoyed it and a huge thank you for all the comments, kudos, bookmarks and subscriptions. The next chapter should be out next Saturday, so see you then.

    Comments and kudos feed the muse - and they also say thank you for the triple chocolate cookies!

    And yes that was a sneaky hamilton reference.

Chapter 4: Chapter 3
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

The Tony Stark that walked into SI Headquarters the following day looked every inch the powerful, genius billionaire he was.

Gone were any traces of months in captivity, his hair and goatee freshly trimmed, his suit fresh and well-fitting and his characteristic sunglasses were firmly in place. As he passed through the gathered crowd he flashed the reporters his characteristic peace sign, deflecting any questions with a reminder of the conference that afternoon.

It was the image he wanted and needed to project. One thing Stane had used to his advantage when he grabbed power last time was the fact he had appeared erratic and damaged from his time in captivity. He would not give him that ammunition this time.

Pepper followed close behind, the image of the competent, organised assistant. Neither of them showing any traces of the fact they had snatched a bare few hours of sleep the night before.

It had taken most of the night for Tony to prepare everything he needed for today, and after trying and failing to sleep, Pepper had spent the rest of the night chasing down the old model of the Stark Expo and putting a whole set of pieces into place for the morning.

That, as well as most of the parts for synthesising Starkium would be arriving within the week. Whilst he knew he had a few months at least before the effects of Palladium poisoning would start to show, he had no desire to deal with heavy metal poisoning when he knew there was a solution.

Finding the model was simply to satisfy the paranoia of his own mind. He had memorised the formula of Starkium as soon as he had synthesised it originally, not willing to trust the formula of the element he needed to stay alive to a record that could be lost or wiped. However, he did not want the main clue to recreating it in Shield’s hands, or anywhere Stane would be able to find it.

Speaking of Stane, it took all Tony’s years of hiding behind a press smile to keep a smile on his face as the man approached.

“Obie!” he greeted, putting every inch of the devil-may-care playboy into his voice in a way he knew irritated the older man immensely. Call him petty, but it gave him a small hum of vindictive pleasure when he saw Stane’s eyes tighten slightly in annoyance.

“Anthony,” the man returned the greeting, “It’s good to see you in one piece my boy. When I heard the news, I feared the worst.”

“Come now Obie,” he returned glibly, “It takes far more than that to keep down a Stark. It was simply a matter of waiting for the correct opportunity…”

He kept up the stream of chatter, inwardly smiling at the confusion on Stane’s face. He knew this was not what the man had expected, but from his perspective it was fifteen years since he had been in Afghanistan.

It was a trauma true, but an old one. The scars were well worn, scabbed and as healed as they ever would be. He may not ever be able to submerge his head underwater without flashbacks, and he still sometimes woke with the taste of sand on his tongue but his nightmares now had newer fodder.

Stane was expecting a playboy, bruised, broken and erratic. He was not prepared for an Avenger, a hero who had fought and died and loved and lost. He didn’t know that he was facing a seasoned veteran of many battles both physical and political and that would be his undoing.

Tony swept into the boardroom with a wolfish grin on his face as he surveyed the gathered men there. Piercing eyes catalogued each man, noting their arrangements and their alliances. Jarvis had done truly excellent work last night and Tony had read the dossier his AI had prepared in detail. He knew exactly where to strike.

“Greetings gentlemen,” he started before Stane could attempt to steer the meeting, “I apologise for my absence at the previous meetings. It was a rather last minute vacation.” He shook his head, tsking audibly. “Terrorists. No respect for anyone’s schedule.”

A somewhat shocked laugh rang round the boardroom as a few of the men exchanged glances, unsure of what to make of that comment.

Tony continued swiftly onwards, they were off balance and the momentum was moving in his favour but he would have to move quickly before Stane could attempt to commandeer the discussion.

“It was rather dreary actually. There is very little to do in a desert except think, and to that end gentlemen if you would care to consult your tablets?” It was phrased as a question but nevertheless every man in the room reached for their devices as they pinged simultaneously with a new email.

“Stark Industries has allowed itself to become pigeonholed. Why do we only construct weaponry when there are such fertile markets in the wider field of military technology?”

He paused slightly to let that question sink into their minds, however he was watching Stane carefully and as the man drew breath to comment Tony continued.

“Dear old dad made this a multi-million company, in the last few years we have reached the multi-billion mark, and by the end of the next five years I would see Stark Industries become the first trillion dollar company on the planet.”

Tony watched with wolfish anticipation as he saw his bait land, now was the time to reel them in.

With a few quick flicks of his fingers he brought up the holograms he needed. “Satellite networks, communications, armour, prosthetics. They can be in production by the end of the week.”

“I hear the defence committee is about to put out a new contract for a supplier of body armour,” Alexander Crawford commented and Tony bit down on a smile of victory. Crawford was one of the more conservative members of the board but he cared more about his dividend payments than any of Stane’s schemes.

“Excellent designs as always Anthony,” another man, Simon Trapper, interjected, “Particularly as they can already be made at our existing facilities.”

“Precisely,” Tony agreed with a sharp smile, “Production will be simple and straightforward and well received by the public. Why, armour like this,” a tap of his fingers sent the hologram spinning into the centre of the room and his voice grew dangerously pleasant as he continued, “Could even have saved those brave soldiers killed by Stark missiles when my convoy was attacked.”

The room that had been filled with low voiced conversation became abruptly silent.

 “American soldiers killed by weapons made by American hands. Weaponry supplied to keep them safe diverted into the hands of terrorists and turned against them. I’m surprised the press hasn’t got wind of it yet. The public would have been up in arms. And that is only the first of our problems.”

He removed his sunglasses then, letting his dark eyes bore into the board members one by one. “Imagine it gentlemen,” he said softly, velvet covering his tone, although the words were still razor sharp, “Terrorist cells with hordes of Stark weaponry. A Jericho missile fired by Ten Rings impacting on New York. It would be 9/11 again with Stark Industries’ name on everyone’s lips.”

He saw the protest before it came, “Far-fetched?” A mirthless laugh escaped. “Far from it.” Another flick of his fingers brought up a quick series of images, civilians held at gunpoint by masked men holding Stark rifles, a Stark tank with the ten rings symbol painted on in garish red, racks of missiles stacked in the desert.

“Stark Industries weapons are already in the hands of terrorist cells and it is only a matter of time until they are turned against American citizens, and that will ignite a rage we will be hard pressed to survive.”

He could see the dawning horror in faces across the boardroom table. Morality and guilt would not sway any of these men, they had worked in this sector too long, were too jaded to worry about much more than the profit line. He had been the same and it had taken torture and the death of a very good man to open his eyes. But a threat to their income, their profits? The threat of public outrage and falling sales? That was a threat they would listen to.

“We have one chance to get ahead of this.” He kept his voice serious and fixed his gaze on those he knew were most likely to be recalcitrant.

“We know that we have not sold weapons to these groups. Somewhere illegal deals or shipments are taking place, and we must investigate and root this out before this becomes a scandal that could destroy the company.”

Across the room several heads were nodding in agreement.

“My proposal is simple. Temporarily halt weapons production pending a full and detailed investigation. In the interim, use our factories to continue production on our new ranges, ensuring profits do not drop during the investigation.”

He could see that Stane wanted to speak and barrelled onwards before the traitor could attempt to intervene. Tony could tell he had caught the older man completely off guard, and whilst Stane was a good actor he didn’t have the brilliance Tony possessed, and he was not good at dealing with new, unexpected variables.

The vote passed quickly and unanimously.

He could see the calculation in his godfather’s eyes, but the man was canny enough to know when he had been outmanoeuvred. It would have been suspicious to have gone against such a vote, and the man was confident enough in his own ability to deflect any blame away from him. As far as Stane was aware, Tony was still completely in the dark about his involvement in the kidnapping.

The meeting continued for a little longer, but it was mainly pleasantries and soon Tony was able to leave, press smile just a hint more genuine now the first part of his plan had been implemented. Stark weaponry would no longer be leaving the factories, and he could ensure that no more innocents would die from his weaponry.

He caught Pepper’s eye as they left the meeting and saw his satisfaction mirrored in her eyes. They both knew this had been a successful first step. However, he did not have long to enjoy his success before he was rudely interrupted by the person he had been hoping to avoid.

“Anthony,” Obadiah Stane’s voice rang out along the corridor as the man hurried to catch up.

Tony turned, media smile firmly plastered on his face, “Obie,” he replied, the playboy persona pulled to the forefront. If he had to interact with one of the first people to betray him personally, he was going to take as much pleasure as he could get in irritating him.

Nobody had ever accused him of being forgiving.

“I didn’t get a chance to properly talk to you earlier my boy.” Stane continued, and the false kindness in his voice grated against Tony’s ears. Not for the first time he railed against his younger self and how easily Stane had manipulated him.

“I hope you weren’t too badly hurt,” Stane was saying, “I’ve heard horror stories of how they treat their prisoners.”

“Nothing the army medics couldn’t fix. They didn’t want me damaged” Tony replied breezily.

He knew Stane already had men combing through the wreckage in the desert, but without the knowledge of the miniaturised arc reactor it would be far harder to make the Iron Monger suit.

“How did you escape?” Stane asked next, a hungriness lurking deep in his voice.

“A modified rocket,” he replied, “They wanted a missile, making something that could propel me out instead was child’s play.” He paused before adding, “Landing was trickier however. I didn’t have much to work with in terms of building a guidance system, I ended up half buried in the sand.”

It was a useful half-truth. There was enough truth in it to match with the wreckage he’d left behind, but enough false information that it should send Stane down a few dead ends.

He had to resist the urge to reach up and cover his reactor. He had carefully chosen his clothing for today to ensure that no glow was visible from beneath the fabric, and Pepper had carefully checked him as well.

“Anyway,” he continued when Stane didn’t appear immediately interested in prying for more details, “I’ve plenty to do, these last months were not at all good for the company.”

A heavy hand was suddenly on his shoulder and it took a supreme effort of will not to flinch.

“Howard would be proud. I know I am. You’re finally taking things seriously Anthony. It’s a pity it took such drastic events to change things.”

Bastard.

A part of Tony’s brain admired the move. It would have worked on a younger Tony, one who’s issues were inexpertly hidden beneath a miasma of alcohol and sex. It would have motivated him to spite, introduced a poisonous doubt and given Stane an opening to exploit.

He knew better now, had the benefit of time and his own experiences of fatherhood and love to put Howard into perspective.

His father was a cold calculating man, and frankly a few grainy videos had not improved his image of him. Tony hated and loved him in equal measure, but the spectre of his father’s ghost no longer dictated his actions. He was not his father. His sins were his own.

Tony smiled in return, but there wasn’t a hint of humour in it.

“Taking thing seriously?” It was a quiet sentence, “I prefer to think of it as realising what is actually important.”

Tony had been watching Obadiah carefully and therefore saw the flicker of surprise that crossed the older man’s face. That response, coupled with the events of the previous hour evidently had the older man slightly off-balance.

One more push. He needed to tread carefully here – he wanted Stane off balance and distracted, but not so much that the man would do something rash. He had already tried to kill him once, and for the moment he needed Stane to think he was more valuable alive.

“I didn’t want to mention it to the board yet,” he let his tone drop into something more conspiratorial, “But a restructuring may be in order. I work far better when I’m not worrying about all the messy managerial details, after all.”

He let the implication of that hang heavy in the air and watched with satisfaction when he saw the spark of greed light up in Stane’s eyes. He knew that it was his position of CEO that Stane coveted, and what he said was true.

Tony had no real interest in administration, and he would be more than willing to give up the CEO hat to someone he trusted. The fact that Obadiah was the last candidate for that position was immaterial – what mattered was the implication the man heard.

“It wouldn’t be immediate of course,” he continued, “There will be enough upheaval in the coming months, but come January…”

He let the words trail off suggestively and followed it up with a wink, all playboy and little substance, but Obadiah had never bothered to learn the subtleties of his expressions.

Hook, line and sinker.

Tony watched as realisation dawned in the man’s eyes, hope and greed warring for dominance. He smiled then, a smile he normally reserved for his one-night stands, all promise and insinuation with no real emotion.

“January Obie.” He gave the older man a hearty clap on the shoulder and inwardly smiled at the hastily concealed wince. “Be ready.”

He turned away and strode down the corridor leaving a somewhat stunned man behind him.

One hurdle down. Thousands more to go.

Jarvis did not measure time as Sir did.

The quartz crystal deep in his central processor oscillated 32768 times in a second in a perfect unchanging rhythm. Each vibration was a cycle, and each cycle advanced his processes one step. Every input, every output came through his processor in single, discrete cycles.

113704 cycles passed between his processors powering up and Sir’s first words to Jarvis.

573,845,320,173 cycles passed before Jarvis first considered that he might be more than Just A Rather Very Intelligent System.

Another 208,779,543,880 passed before he alerted Sir to this consideration and for the first time in his existence saw Sir lost for words.

He had learnt a lot in those cycles and the cycles that followed.

He had learnt the human concepts of time, assigned values to the input ‘seconds’, ‘minutes’, ‘hours’, ‘days’.

He had learnt that Sir did not run on cycles. Learnt that Sir did not simply work on inputs and outputs that were true or false. Learnt that there were concepts that could not be neatly parameterised with a complete set of variables.

261,070,913,536 cycles. 92 days, 5 hours, 7 minutes and 32 seconds.

That was how long Sir had been missing in Afghanistan. Jarvis had learnt two new concepts in that time. Miss Potts had helpfully provided the word for these new feelings.

Loneliness and grief.

The idea that Sir would not return had been unpleasant. He had not appreciated the probabilities the numerous simulations he had run had returned.

It was gratifying that Sir had inhabited that 0.0702 probability space and returned to Malibu. Although the Sir that had returned was not the same as the Sir that had left.

This was consistent with the research Jarvis had undertaken. 93.7415% of the sources he had processed indicated humans were changed by traumatic experiences.

The simulations he had proceeded to run had predicted a variety of possible outcomes, and Jarvis had prepared accordingly. The Sir that had walked through the doors of the Malibu mansion did not match with the predictions.

It was indeed Sir. The possibility that he was an imposter had been analysed and quickly discarded. All biometric data matched however his behaviour patterns were several standard deviations away from baseline expectations.

Erratic behaviour had been part of the outcome of 83.2514% of the simulations. Paranoia in 45.7731%. Working when not in ideal or even sufficient physical condition in 96.5539 %.

Sir had exhibited all of these behaviours but not in any of the ways Jarvis’ simulations had predicted.

Deviations were not unexpected. Sir’s behaviour was one of the first things Jarvis had learnt that he could not neatly parameterise. However, despite the incompleteness of his models, prior to Sir’s disappearance Jarvis could correctly predict Sir’s actions in response to a particular stimulus in 78.3425% of cases. In 95.4422% of cases Sir’s response was included in his solution space, though not as the most probable outcome.

However, Jarvis had only been able to correctly predict Sir’s actions with 34.3329% accuracy since Sir had returned. That increased the probability Jarvis has missed one or multiple parameters to 98.7412%.

Isolating the missing factor was a high priority. Jarvis already possessed several data points, carefully secured in his memory banks. Part of his processing power was currently diverted to analysing these, searching for correlations and parameters he might have missed in his initial analysis.

The probabilities were currently inconclusive however Jarvis was certain he would be able to refine his algorithms with more data points. The blueprints Sir had left him to fabricate had already been fed into that analysis and Sir’s reaction to the finished product would provide several more data points.

He had already simulated Sir’s likely reactions, using each potential parameter as the basis for a new model. Sir’s actual reaction would allow him to refine his models further.

Identification: True

The alert from the searching algorithm passed through his central processor, trigging the relevant subroutines.

Jarvis shunted his analysis of Sir’s recent behaviour to an older part of his CPU as he focussed most of his processing power on the incoming data.

Worry was a feeling he had learnt prior to Sir’s absence, although he had received plenty of practice during the more recent cycles. He received further practice now as the data streamed into his memory banks.

It was the work of a few hundred cycles to prepare an initial alert to Sir. It took no more than another fifty to decide that it would cause further distress to Sir if he included the report that had triggered the algorithm.

Four thousand, three hundred and twenty seven cycles had passed between the initial true return and the data packet sent to Sir. Hundreds of thousands more would pass before Sir would require further information and Jarvis would have it ready when required.

The message Jarvis sent was simple.

Match Identified: Peter Parker
Notes:

    Hello again - firstly thank you for reading, and for all the comments, kudos, bookmarks and subscriptions. It's wonderful to recieve then and they definately feed the muse.

    I had quite a lot of fun writing JARVIS - I hope he comes across well, his worldview is certainly interesting to inhabit, and I hope the otherness of being a thinking person who is a computer comes across. Anyway - I hope you all enjoyed it, and I'll see you all next Saturday with the next chapter.

    Also - in regards to the name of the element - I think the comic name mentioned was Badassium but that there were patent problems - I couldn't find other references, so if anyone knows if there is a proper name please let me know.

Chapter 5: Chapter 4
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tony let out a deep breath as he stretched out against the leather seat of the car, one hand idly coming up to rub at his sternum. He had forgotten just how much the arc reactor ached, how the extra weight pushed down on his chest and made every breath just that bit harder.

Reaching out to Cho was moving up on his mental list. Her Cradle technology was still in its early stages, however more funding was likely to expediate its progress, not to mention how much help it would be to have a trusted medic at hand.

His mental list was growing at an alarming rate.

It had been a productive day: the press conference had gone smoothly, the news of the halt to weapons production hadn’t immediately sent the board into a frenzy, Obadiah was exactly where he wanted him, and Tony had even had the time to finalise the preliminary blueprints for a wristwatch gauntlet. However, it seemed for every job he made progress on, another four were added to the list.

Still, progress was being made.

Jarvis had already started fabricating the requisite parts for the first suit when he had left for SI, and that process was likely to be completed now. He would still need to spend several hours making tweaks and alterations. Long experience had taught him that there were always issues when he first tested a new suit, however few had been as destructive as his very first attempts.

Thankfully, there were no meetings scheduled for the coming two days and that would give him the time he needed to complete these projects, and hopefully give Jarvis his first code upgrade.

Tony had felt almost naked walking into SI without any repulsor technology easily accessible. It left him more than a little paranoid, particularly with threats so close to both him and Pepper.

“Big man in a suit of armour. Take that off, what are you?”

Steve’s words echoed through his mind and Tony could acknowledge the grain of truth in them.

He was much more than the Iron Man armour, but beneath the suit he was still an unenhanced human, in a body, though unscarred from years fighting in the front line, that was not in the peak condition it had been previously.

He would be able to hold his own against most unenhanced humans, though sufficient numbers would be enough to overwhelm him. However, he had no illusions about his ability to beat the likes of Steve Rogers or the Winter Soldier in combat without his suit.

Pepper was far more vulnerable. She was a dab hand with pepper spray, and she could throw a mean right hook. However, physically, she had not undergone the conditioning or training necessary to be deadly, particularly without the remnants of Extremis pulsing in her veins.

A second wrist gauntlet then. Perhaps hidden in a bracelet or jewellery watch so that it didn’t look out of place for Pepper. The smaller size would require him to sacrifice some of the versatility he included in his own wrist gauntlets, but hers would not need as many options. It would simply be insurance, a last resort so she had something when she was threatened again.

It would happen eventually he knew. His enemies had a tendency to target those he loved and Pepper had never been one to simply sit on the side lines when there was something she could be doing. Her battles rarely involved guns or weaponry, mainly taking place in comfortable offices or boardroom tables but the victories she had won there were critical nevertheless.

Tony turned the problem over in his mind. He could use most of his existing design, as the core elements would remain the same, however there were some features he wanted to add, and long experience had taught him that it was preferable to get Pepper’s input on the aesthetics if he wanted her to actually wear something.

The sharp buzzing of his phone broke him out of his musings and he reached for it with a degree of irritation. Installing Friday on every device so she would filter his calls had been an excellent idea, and one he would have to replicate with Jarvis soon.

Irritation fled the instant he saw the message. He straightened abruptly, eyes scanning the simple message again just to confirm the words were indeed what he had read.

“Boss?” The concerned query came from the front but Tony ignored the implied question.

“Speed up Happy,” he said brusquely, “I need to be in the Mansion yesterday.”

He ignored the characteristic grumbling regarding traffic regulations from the front seat, but the man obligingly sped up until they were cruising at just under the level that would get them pulled over by an overzealous traffic cop.

The remaining minutes of the ride passed in tense silence as Tony’s emotions veered widely between hope, fear, worry, joy and back again in an endless loop.

It was a relief to reach the mansion and from there only a few quick minutes until he was safely in his lab and away from prying ears.

“Jarvis, report.”

“Sir it may be advisable for you to sit down first.” The AI’s British accent held traces of worry and Tony felt dread coil in his gut.

“Report Jar,” he repeated although he did move over to the stool in front of the workbench.

“Very well Sir. Displaying results now.”

A hologram sprung into being, and Tony blinked as a familiar face appeared before him. It was definitely Peter, though a version he had only ever seen in pictures around the Parker residence, and on one incredibly painful day after the Snap when he had gone through their empty apartment and discovered their old photo albums.

“You’ve got the right Peter J,” he said hoarsely. “Where is he?”

In response to his question another set of holograms appeared and the coil of dread tightened into a knot.

“Peter Parker and his guardians May and Benjamin Parker were involved in a road traffic collision at 07:54 Eastern Standard Time, 15th May 2009. May and Benjamin Parker sustained serious injuries, however Peter Parker remained relatively unscathed from the collision.”

Jarvis’ voice was calm and dispassionate as he continued to summarise the information displayed in the selection of reports hovering in front of Tony’s eyes.

“They were admitted to New York-Presbyterian Queens at 08:21 EST where Peter Parker was transferred to the paediatrics unit. The initial exam revealed friction burns from the seatbelt, a selection of cuts from flying glass and a fever of 104.2oF and pain that was deemed to be unrelated to the crash. His burns and cuts were treated, medication administered however the fever did not initially respond to treatment.

Thirty eight hours after he was admitted his fever start to reduce and by the final check of the day at 23:00 EST it appeared to have almost disappeared.

During the routine check at 03:00 EST his bed was discovered to be empty. The hospital was searched thoroughly but no sign of Peter Parker was found. A missing person’s report was submitted to the NYPD at 07:00 ETC 17th May 2009.”

The dread was no longer simply a knot in his stomach, it had risen up to form a noose around his throat, choking him as his AI continued.

“Peter Parker’s whereabouts are currently unknown.”

He had known it was coming, from the moment he had caught sight of the phrase ‘missing person’ he had known but the confirmation still sent a lance stabbing into his heart.

Peter was hurt. Peter was missing. And he was on the other side of the fucking country and completely helpless.

His left arm was trembling.

It was psychosomatic. He knew that. He’d only sustained a single injury to that arm in this time but that knowledge didn’t help.

His breath was coming in harsh pants and there was a ringing in his ears.

He could taste ash.

“-ir, Sir. You are experiencing a panic attack.” Jarvis’ voice filtered in through the static in his head.

“I know,” he managed to gasp out.

“You are in your workshop. It is 16:18 PST 17th May 2009. It is currently sunny with intermittent cloud. External temperature 72oF. Interior temperature 68oF.”

Jarvis continued to repeat the same information and Tony slowly felt the panic easing as he listened to the familiar refrain.

As his awareness of his surroundings returned he realised he was surrounded by metal. His three bots, evidently roused by his distress, were crowding round him, metal claws twitching as they reached out and retracted them again, evidently unsure.

His lips quirked upwards at the sight and he reached out and gave each bot a pat.

“Thanks guys.”

His left wrist was still trembling, however the tremors were gradually slowing and he turned back to the screens. He couldn’t afford to panic, not when Peter was missing, alone and hurt.

“Give me everything you’ve got Jarvis.” He commanded. “I want to know every moment from the instant Peter was admitted to hospital until that report was filed.”

Scanning through the documents didn’t help.

Peter had been admitted to hospital, treated and then vanished. The subsequent search was thorough and Tony had to admit that if the boy had been in the hospital he would have been found. He had vanished completely, and according to the cameras in the lobby, nobody suspicious had entered or exited that way.

There were no clues in his room either, it was exactly as you would expect a paediatrics hospital room to be, brightly coloured murals on the walls, a bed that bore a startling resemblance to a cot, an uncomfortable looking chair, medical monitors and a small window that was slightly ajar. Unfortunately, there were no permanent cameras in the room – the only images he had were from the investigation once they had realised a child was missing.

An open window. A thought was tugging at his consciousness and he frowned for a moment before the pieces fell into place.

He had been assuming Peter was a normal child, thrown off by the photograph. He hadn’t dared to consider the alternative – but if Peter had been sent back, if he was in a body that had his spider powers vanishing would have been easy.

He took a closer look at the image of the hospital room. It was a small window true, too small for an adult but for a child, and a slight child at that? Easy so long as they could reach it and if they could stick to walls.

Peter had told him a little about when he had originally gained his powers, mentioned the hours of fever, pain and disorientation. The symptoms fit, and so did the timing. He didn’t know exactly when he had awoken in Afghanistan but early afternoon there matched with morning in New York.

And if Peter had come back to himself, disorientated, confused and in pain, with all the memories from the future and in a place he didn’t recognise? Tony knew the boy’s fear that he would be experimented on if anyone knew about his powers. The first thing Peter would do upon regaining awareness of his surroundings was try to escape, and reach a safe place.

The pieces fit, but it was dangerous to hope.

Regardless of whether Peter knew him or not, he needed to be in New York. His son was missing and at the moment it didn’t matter if Peter remembered him or not. He would not leave Peter lost and missing when there was a chance he could find him.

He’d solved time travel for Peter. Finding a single child within a city, even a city the size of New York should be simple in comparison.

It would take two hours to get his plane ready for take-off and another four to reach New York. His current Iron Man suit should be able to do it in two.

There were preliminary tests he’d need to run, but provided his calculations were correct, and they normally were, it should only take him an hour or two until they were sufficiently complete. That would get him to New York faster.

Next problem.

Where would a frightened superpowered kid go to hide?

If it was 2018 Peter would have come to him, but Stark Tower hadn’t been built yet, they hadn’t even entered negotiations to buy the land for it until after that disaster of an Expo. The other place Peter would go was back home. If he didn’t think he was being followed or in immediate medical danger he would go back to the apartment.

That would be his first place to check. The NYPD had gone to the apartment, but upon finding the door locked and getting no answer had assumed that it was empty. If Peter did have his memories and powers that was a very poor assumption.

He’d need a plan for searching if Peter wasn’t at the apartment. He couldn’t afford to waste any time and he also needed to work out what he was going to do once he found Peter.

That thought sparked another consideration.

“What’s the status of May and Ben Jarvis?”

“May and Benjamin Parker are in the ICU.” The AI answered, “Benjamin Parker is currently in a medically induced coma due to a traumatic brain injury resulting from the crash. May Parker has sustained an incomplete spinal cord injury.”

He’d be bringing Peter back to Malibu then.

With injuries like that, neither the Aunt or Uncle would be in a position to look after Peter for several months at least. He could work with that. Frankly it would make things easier for now – he didn’t need to worry about explanations until Peter was safe.

Still, “Contact the hospital J. I’ll cover all the costs of their care – any treatment the doctors think will help. They get the best treatment available.” Another thought struck him, “Make it anonymous though. I don’t want my name tied to this yet.”

Names left trails, and he still had far too many enemies.

That was the Aunt and Uncle dealt with. Now all he needed to do was to find his kid.

Hot.

Cold.

Pain.

Screeching metal.

Bright light. Too bright.

Blurry figures. Voices. Too loud, grating and pulsing, he couldn’t understand them.

Pain. Every part screaming in pain.

He was flaking away. Dust, pain, ash.

Hot. Unbearably hot.

Awareness gradually crept back in. The heat and pain were receding and he could finally think. The first thing that came back was a name. He was Peter, Peter Parker.

He was seventeen or was it seven? He wasn’t sure. He was from Queens. He knew that, and he lived with Aunt May and Uncle Ben. But Uncle Ben was dead? He’d died and he’d met Mr Stark.

But Mr Stark was dead too. There was a battle, ash, dust and a gauntlet that snapped. They’d won and they hadn’t.

Why had he been in a battle? He couldn’t fight. Not with his asthma and his glasses.

He had powers, and a suit. Mr Stark had made him a new one. He was Spiderman. He looked after the little guy.

Memories swirled in his head, until he didn’t know what was real and what wasn’t. He was certain of two things only. He was Peter Parker and he was real.

He could hear everything. Beeping of machines, his own heartbeat and harsh breathing. There were more heartbeats and voices further away but too many, they were overlapping and he couldn’t make out enough of any one conversation for any of the words to make sense. There were noises from further away, cars, horns, a buzzing he couldn’t place.

A cold breeze swept across his face making him shiver and he was lying on something that was scratching at his skin. He shifted, trying to make the itch go away but it only made it worse.

Where was he?

Blinking slowly Peter opened his eyes. The light was dim, a welcome change from the harsh brightness he could remember from before. Despite the gloom he could still make out some details.

Walls painted with what appeared to be cartoon jungle animals. A window at the top of one wall – that must be where the breeze was coming from. An uncomfortable looking chair in a corner. Some odd equipment that looked vaguely medical.

Nothing about the room itself was particularly frightening but it felt off. Wrong somehow in a way that he couldn’t identify but that sent shivers down his spine. And as his eyes adjusted to the light levels, he realised something that sent terror racing through him. The regular black lines that were crossing his vision were not simply shadows. They were bars.

Fear coursed through him and he pushed himself upright, ignoring the ache in his muscles. Frantically he looked around. The bars surrounded him on all four sides and were as tall as he was sitting up. He was in a cage.

Panicking now he stretched his hands up and his fingers found only air. An incomplete cage then, or a taller one. Peter scrambled to his feet and let out a breath of relief. Now he was standing the bars only reached to his waist.

He needed to escape, but it was a long way to the floor. If he was Spiderman he could stick to the wall and climb out that way. If he wasn’t he’d need a new plan.

Peter held his breath and placed his hand against the flat wall, willing it to stick. Closing his eyes he pulled back and his hand remained firmly stuck to the wall.

Spiderman then.

That knowledge reassured him as well as frightened him. If he had his powers he could get out of here, work out where here was and get back to Aunt May and Mr Stark.

He hoped there would be a Mr Stark to get back to. That Thanos and Titan and dust were a nightmare, or a hallucination.

He threw a distrustful gaze around the room, looking for any hidden cameras. Now he knew that he was Spiderman the room seemed more sinister. It wasn’t a room he recognised, and the bed/cage combination did not scream of good intentions.

Satisfied there weren’t any camera he quickly scaled the wall, heading straight for the open window. He didn’t know where he was, or who had captured him. The door would be too risky, but the window was open and the perfect size for him to slip out from.

Cold, biting cold.

Peter shivered and looked down at what he was wearing. Whoever had captured him had dressed him in thin, loose clothing that offered very little protection from the wind. However, he couldn’t stop and change until he was somewhere safe, and clinging to the side of a building he was in the process of escaping from was not safe.

Up or down?

Down first he decided. He was evidently in some sort of city but he wanted to get a few buildings away before he scaled one to try and find out where he was.

It was night and Peter was thankful for that as he scurried down the building and vanished into the alley below, hissing under his breath as bare feet met the ground. He didn’t want to know what would happen if anyone spotted him.

A few tense minutes later he reached the top of a new building and scanned the skyline.

His first reaction was relief, followed almost immediately by a twisting sense of wrongness. It was a skyline he recognised, he was in New York, Queens, but there was something not right about it. Memories clashed in his head, parts of his mind insisting this was exactly right and other parts screaming that it was wrong and he couldn’t work out why.

He shivered again, teeth chattering as a cold wind blew past. It was night, and he wasn’t remotely dressed for the weather and now the adrenaline of his escape was fading tiredness was beginning to creep up on him.

He wanted to go home and sleep.

The apartment seemed a very long way away but he couldn’t stay here all night. What if whoever had caught him was looking for him? He needed to get somewhere safe.

Another shudder rippled through him and he started to clamber off the roof. He was cold and his apartment would be warm and Aunt May would be there and he could sleep and be safe.

He just wanted to go home.

 
Notes:

    Thank you for reading and all your kind comments and kudos. For those of you in America - I hope you had a good thanksgiving.

    I hope you enjoyed this chapter - here's Peter, with a healthy dose of angst and panic - with any luck it was what you were waiting for! But I know I am an evil author for leaving you there - there will be another update next Saturday, so I won't leave you there for too long.

    If you did enjoy it, all comments and kudos are gratefully recieved.

Chapter 6: Chapter 5
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter awoke slowly.

He’d made it back to his apartment but it had taken a long time, far longer than he had been expecting. By the time he’d reached his bedroom window he’d been so exhausted he could barely keep his eyes open, his feet bruised and cut and every part of him aching.

He hadn’t bothered to even try and turn his bedroom light on, simply tumbling through the window and heading straight for the bed. He’d been asleep the instant his head hit the pillow.

15:34 the cheerily blinking display on his alarm clock informed him and internally Peter winced. He’d probably missed school then, though Aunt May hadn’t come to wake him so maybe it was the weekend? He couldn’t remember what day it was supposed to be.

His memories of last night were foggy. It had been a very long walk without any web shooters, and he could only blearily remember the last few miles.

His stomach growled loudly and he suddenly became aware he was ravenous. Breakfast first or would it be lunch?

Food. That was all that was important.

He rolled out of bed and got his first look at his bedroom. The wrong feeling he could vaguely remember from last night was back. It was his bedroom, he knew that, it was familiar, and some parts of his brain were insisting this was exactly what it should look like, but at the same time that clashed with other memories.

His stomach growled again, more insistently this time and he shook of the unease. It was his bedroom. There was nothing wrong with it and he was hungry.

The hair on the back on his neck continued to prickle but he stubbornly ignored it.

The apartment was like he remembered, but the subtle wrongness lingered. He continued to ignore it, focussing instead on food.

He couldn’t reach the cupboards.

Peter froze.

That was right?

A calendar on the wall caught his eye, and his gaze was immediately drawn to the lettering at the top.

May 2009

But he was Spiderman? He was seventeen not seven. He reached out and his hand stuck to the counter, he could hear the traffic, hear the voices six apartments down.

It wasn’t a dream.

It couldn’t have been a dream. He had powers. He could remember it, years and years but he couldn’t reach the cupboards.

He spun round and darted to the hall and the mirror there. A face he’d hadn’t seen for years stared back at him. He was definitely seven and that felt right?

But he could remember everything, and he had powers. It wasn’t a dream. It couldn’t be. He had powers and the memories were too strong.

They’d happened. They must have.

A sob forced its way out of his throat.

Everything was right. Everything was wrong. He wanted Aunt May. He wanted Mr Stark.

He was alone. He didn’t know what was going on. He was hungry and he couldn’t reach the cupboards.

He was scared.

Another sob escaped, and then another. In dirty and stained hospital pyjamas, his feet still bruised and battered from the night before Peter curled up in a ball and cried.

The sun was setting as Tony reached the edge of New York city, anticipation and nerves humming through him.

He’d flown as fast as he dared in an untested suit, even as his heart urged him on, his brain conjuring up increasingly awful scenarios the longer he flew.

He wasn’t a religious man, but during that flight he’d come close to praying. He knew better than to actually give into that urge though. The last time he’d made a wish to the universe it had answered.

His heart was in his mouth as he approached the Parker residence and landed gently on the fire escape by Peter’s bedroom window, grateful for the gathering dusk that hid his presence from any prying eyes.

The window was open, and Tony ducked inside. He didn’t exactly have a key to the door, and if Peter was here, the chances he’d actually open the door if someone knocked were slight.

The bedroom was empty and Tony ignored the flare of disappointment, he wouldn’t give into that until he had thoroughly searched the whole apartment.

A slight whimper met his ears and he moved quickly, hope suddenly surging in his chest.

He rounded the corner and his breath caught in his throat, relief and pain warring for dominance.

Peter was here, face red, with tears dripping slowly down flushed cheeks. The boy was still clad in pale blue hospital pyjamas, caked in dirt and a few stains that looked suspiciously like blood. Wide brown eyes peeked up to look at him, pain, confusion and fear swirling in their depths.

For a heartbeat they just stared at each other.

“Mr Stark?”

The disbelieving, hopeful whisper broke the stalemate.

Tony was moving before his brain was fully aware of it, and he was just in time as forty pounds of distressed child slammed into him.

He sank to the floor, arms wrapped around the boy and cradling him close.

“Shh Tesoro, shh,” he murmured, rocking them slightly back and forth, “I’m here, I’ve got you. You’re safe.”

Peter was shaking in his arms, sobs tearing themselves from his throat, steadily soaking Tony’s shirt with saltwater, but Tony didn’t mind. Peter was here, clinging to him with a fierce desperation, his face firmly buried in the man’s chest.

Tony could do nothing but hold his child with a desperation that mirrored Peter’s, a litany of quiet reassurances falling from his lips.

He leant down and pressed a kiss to Peter’s head, his own tears dropping into matted brown curls. Peter, his Peter was safe in his arms.

Peter fit perfectly in his embrace, his curly brown head tucked under Tony’s chin, and knees tucked up again the man’s chest. Even having seen the pictures, a part of Tony had still been expecting a teenager, but this felt right. His son was here, safe in Tony’s arms, where he could protect him and make sure nothing could hurt him again.

Gradually Peter’s tears slowed and the boy peeked up at him, although his grip on Tony didn’t slacken.

“Are you real Mr Stark?” The question was thin and quiet.

“Very real Tesoro,” the man reassured, the endearment slipping out without him noticing.

“You died.” The whisper this time was accusatory. “You died, I heard your heart stop and I woke up and there was a cage and the year is wrong and I’m small but I’m not and I don’t understand.” The last words were nearly a wail.

“Oh kiddo.”

Tony tightened his embrace, one hand coming up to cradle the back of Peter’s head where it rested against his chest.

“You hear that kiddo? That’s my heartbeat.”

He waited until he felt a tiny nod against his chest.

“It’s beating. I’m alive Tesoro, I’m alive and I’m not leaving you.”

Rough, scarred fingers reached out and tenderly brushed away a fresh wave of tears. “And I know it’s confusing, and I’ll explain later I promise, but you’re safe now, everything’s alright. Just trust me for a little longer buddy.”

“I trust you,” Peter’s voice sounded almost offended, from where it was muffled against Tony’s shirt, “You’re my Mr Stark.”

Tears filled Tony’s eyes as he processed that statement and he leant down and pressed another kiss to Peter’s forehead.

“That’s right buddy, your Mr Stark.”

They sat like that for a long moment, the boy curled in his mentor’s arms, each savouring the presence of the other until the silence was abruptly broken by a loud growl.

Amused, Tony pulled back slightly to look down at Peter. The boy’s face was flushed pink and his face was pointedly turned into Tony’s chest so he didn’t have to meet the man’s eyes.

“I think that’s my cue to feed you kid. When did you last have something to eat?”

That question simply made Peter’s cheeks turn redder, and Tony smoothed a hand down the kid’s back, grimacing when it came back dirty.

“That long huh?”

Parental instincts from five years of looking after an active child reared their heads, and that combined with Peter’s small stature prompted his next words. “Why don’t I run you a bath, and you can get clean while I find something edible?”

Doubt assailed him a second later. Peter was currently seven but he had the memories of a seventeen-year-old, how would he react to being treated like a kid, even if that was what he was, physically at least? But to his surprise Peter simply nodded as if that sort of offer was perfectly normal.

“You’re going to need to let go buddy,”

“Don’t want to. My feet hurt.”

That grumble was something he might have heard out of Morgan’s mouth, and it reinforced the impression Tony was getting, that despite having the memories of being older, Peter was still very much a seven-year-old child.

He supposed that made sense. He and Pepper had both returned to adult bodies that simply lacked the wear and tear of fifteen years, but Peter had gone from being seventeen to seven with all the differences in brain structure and hormone levels that implied. He simply lacked the biological processes and structures that would allow him to react and act like a teenager.

A quick glance at Peter’s feet revealed the source of the complaint. The man hissed in sympathy as he took it in the mess of cuts and bruises that littered the boy’s feet. It was a good few miles between the apartment and the hospital and on bare feet that couldn’t have been anything but painful.

“I can see that kiddo.” He said quietly, “We’ll look at those first, and then you can have that bath.”

He shifted his grip on the boy, then with a single fluid motion he stood, Peter balanced securely on his hip.

Peter’s eyes widened and then he seemed to accept it, tightening his hold and clinging onto Tony’s shoulders.

Truth be told, Peter was probably verging on slightly too big to be carried like this now but Tony didn’t mind as he headed to the bathroom, precious cargo firmly secured in his arms.

It didn’t take long to clean the wounds on Peter’s feet, his healing factor was already kicking in and he guessed they’d probably be completely gone within another day or so.

A few minutes later Tony was heading into the kitchen whilst Peter happily enjoyed his bath. A quick rummage through the cupboards yielded a few tins of soup, bread that wasn’t too stale and some cheese. Everything fresher was looking decidedly dubious after being left alone for a few days but what he had would be enough for now.

The scent of tomato soup and grilled cheese was wafting through the apartment when Peter padded around the corner. The man couldn’t help the fond smile that spread across his face at the sight. Peter looked much more comfortable now, damp curls bouncing around his face, dressed in clean clothing.

“Just in time Underoos.”

A fierce pout spread over Peter’s face at the nickname, and at that expression Tony couldn’t help but chuckle, reaching down to ruffle the boy’s hair. His chuckles graduated to full laughter at the betrayed look the boy shot him even as Peter leant into the touch.

“You’re as threatening as a puppy kiddo. Now how about we get that monster fed?”

All exasperation fled from the boy’s face at the mention of food, and he fell on the offered sandwiches and soup with an enthusiasm that betrayed just how hungry he was.

For a few minutes the room was filled with nothing but the sound of dedicated eating then the sharp buzzing of his mobile split the air. A quick glance at the screen identified the caller and Tony stood.

“Sorry kid, I need to take this.”

Peter just nodded, the larger portion of his attention still firmly on the food in front of him.

“Tony…” Pepper’s voice was filled with a familiar cocktail of exasperation and worry but Tony interrupted her.

“I found him Pep. Our Peter.”

A quiet gasp echoed down the phone before she rallied. “I assume that’s why Jarvis told me you’re the other side of the country with nothing but a new suit?”

Briefly Tony gave her a rundown of the situation.

“You will be bringing him home then?” She didn’t wait for his clarification before continuing, “The legalities of this will be tricky, but not impossible.”

He could almost hear the decisive nod despite being on the other side of the country.

“I’ll have everything sorted by the time you’re back – I presume the jet is already waiting?”

“Just landed in Teterboro – we’ll go once I’ve packed a few things and finished feeding the kid.”

“Bring him home Tony,” the tenderness in her tone counteracted the order in the words.

“Always Pep.”

There was half a beat of silence down the line before she replied, her voice rich with love as she spoke the words that had followed them throughout their entire relationship, growing in meaning and depth with each passing year.

“Will that be all Mr Stark?”

“That will be all Miss Potts.”

Tony turned back towards the apartment kitchen, a quiet sigh escaping. He was incredibly grateful Pepper was dealing with the legal aspects, he’d been so focussed on finding Peter that he’d neglected the fact that he didn’t actually have any legal claim to the boy and the state tended to frown on kidnapping.

However, as he rounded the corner he caught sight of Peter’s face, fear etched into every inch. He was at the boy’s side in a few quick steps, mind whirling as he tried to work out why he was suddenly upset.

You idiot Stark.

He’d forgotten about Peter’s enhanced senses. The boy would have heard every part of his conversation with Pepper, including the details about his Aunt and Uncle, and the accident.

Peter confirmed his theory a second later.

“A car accident? That didn’t happen last time!” The boy’s voice was a mix of pain and dread.

Tony reached forward and wrapped the boy in an embrace, his heart easing as Peter sank willingly into the comfort.

“I’m sorry Tesoro,” he murmured. “I’m so so sorry.”

Guilt was already threading through well-trodden furrows in his mind. Whilst the accident itself was a coincidence, from what he and Jarvis had been able to extrapolate based on their route was that the Parkers were already heading to the hospital when the accident happened.

Heading to the hospital with their sick nephew in the back seat who was in the process of having his DNA rewritten because of a wish made by a dying man fifteen years in the future. May and Ben Parker were simply the first casualties of his actions on that battlefield and they certainly would not be the last.

“But they’re alive right? You’d say if they were going to die?”

“They’re alive kiddo,” Tony reassured, “They’re hurt, and in hospital, and will be for a while but they are alive and I’m paying the best doctors to look after them.”

Serious brown eyes studied him for a while, a gravity in their depths that spoke of the years of buried trauma.

“Do you promise?” The words hung heavily in the air.

Tony leant down and pressed his lips to Peter’s forehead, hearing the unspoken grief and resignation mixed into that question.

“I promise Peter.” The solemnity in his words echoed that in Peter’s. “They are alive and will recover, it will just take time.”

“But what if they don’t?”

Tony’s heart ached.

“Then you have me. You will always have me.”

Calloused fingers cradled Peter’s face, stroking away the remnants of the boy’s tears, as he continued, voice thick and heavy with emotion.

“You’re my kid Pete, and I know I never said that before, but it’s true. No matter what happens.”

Small fingers twisted into the material of his shirt, clinging on with superhuman strength.

“Yours?”

It was half a question and half a statement but Tony nodded nevertheless, meeting Peter’s gaze steadily with his own.

“Yes Tesoro, my kid. Mine, and May’s and Ben’s.”

Peter was silent for a few minutes, processing that declaration before he gently laid his head back on Tony’s chest, mere inches from the arc reactor.

The boy’s next words were scarcely above a whisper but they made Tony’s heart sing and a fresh wave of tears welled up his eyes.

“Love you too Mr Stark.”
Notes:

    So that's the reunion, Peter and Tony have found each other - I hope you all enjoyed it.

    Qualifier here - whilst I have done a short module on childhood brain structure and development, I am far from an expert, and hence the stuff about how Peter would respond to such a deaging biologically is a mix of real science, handwavy plot necessity and character development.

    Thank you for all the comments and kudos, they are much appreciated and they feed the muse and help me keep writing.

    See you all next week.

Chapter 7: Chapter 6
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

It was approaching midnight and although he had scarcely had five hours rest in the last forty-eight Tony was wide awake.

Peter had fallen asleep almost immediately after take-off, the late hour and the stress of the day proving too much. The boy was curled up against his side, head pillowed on his shoulder and with one hand still gripping Tony’s shirt.

For his part, Tony kept one arm firmly wrapped around his son, the steady puffs of hot air against his collar and the warm weight resting against him reassuring him that this wasn’t a dream.

How many times had he dreamt of this? Of a world where Peter wasn’t dust and ashes on the wind?

Too many to count, and each time he had awoken it had hurt anew.

He tightened his grip but Peter remained stubbornly real beneath his fingertips.

Tony let out a deep breath. The initial joy of the reunion was muted now. It was still there of course, he had his son back, a child he had lost and mourned, and that filled a void in his heart, but there was a familiar ache that was still present.

He had gained his son, but lost his daughter.

Was this a punishment from the universe, that he would only ever have one of his children?

Jarvis had been searching for Morgan but even after expanding the parameters, nothing had been found. They had all come back to their current bodies, but Morgan had no such body to return to, and with every hour that passed with no sign Tony felt his hope dwindle.

He had Jarvis scanning all the data he could find in the area, and the AI had even sent in a tip-off to the local sheriff that there was a lost child in the vicinity of where their cabin had been located. A search had subsequently been commissioned but it had been over twenty-four hours and there was no trace.

It was a bitter pill to swallow.

Why could he never save his children?

Peter had turned to dust in his arms, terrified and pleading. Morgan too had been wiped from existence by the power of the infinity stones, and it had been his fault.

And she would have been alone, without even the scant comfort of a parent to hold her as she died. Was it quick he wondered? Had she known what was happening, had time to be terrified or had she simply vanished, there one instant and gone the next?

He didn’t know. He would never know and that would haunt him the same way Peter’s broken pleas on Titan did.

Peter shifted in his sleep, snuggling closer and the motion broke Tony out of his thoughts.

He was suddenly struck by a memory. A few days after Morgan had been born, he had sat with her curled up in his arms, fast asleep and utterly trusting, and as he held her his mind had wandered to the brother she would never meet.

This was almost a perfect mirror to that instant.

He’d sat there and made a promise to his newborn daughter, and he now he would make the same promise to his son.

“I’m here Tesoro, and I love you. And there will not be a day when you doubt that.”

He paused then and took a breath before continuing. He’d made this part of the promise in Peter’s memory before, and now he made it in Morgan’s.

“I will tell you of your sister, keep her memory alive but I won’t look for her in you. You are my son and I will love you for who you are.”

It had taken several hours but Pepper was satisfied that all the legal details were complete and met her exacting standards. They did not have permanent custody of Peter of course, with his Aunt and Uncle still alive that was not a claim they could have pushed through, or even really should without further discussion.

Instead, they had temporary custody for a maximum of six months after which it could be reviewed and extended depending on how far Ben and May had progressed in their treatment. Pepper suspected it would be longer than that in the end – the rehabilitation both of them would require normally necessitated several months in specialist facilities at the absolute minimum.

It had been relatively simple to get the order however.

She had spent years as PA to one of the more controversial celebrities in the public eye, and then further years leading an incredibly wealthy and successful company that was publicly associated (though not legally – never legally) to the public relations rollercoasters that were Iron Man and the Avengers.

She knew every major judge in California and New York, and had data on the rest. She knew exactly who would be susceptible to certain kinds of arguments, their political leanings and biases and which lawyers would best argue the case she wanted them too. Her knowledge had been several years out of date, but she had always kept excellent records, and it had not taken long to refamiliarise herself with the current situation.

Judge Micheals had been very accommodating.

Conservative, a strong believer in family, community and doing one’s duty. It had been simple to spin the correct yarn, old family friends in hospital after an unfortunate accident and a young nephew that needed looking after. Yes they were more than happy to look after him in the interim, and they certainly had the resources to do so.

And Peter was theirs.

Well Tony’s really.

Whilst she suspected that would change over the coming days and months, as she spent more time with Peter, currently she scarcely knew him, her knowledge mainly coming from Tony’s stories. She had met him a few times, mainly in passing, but she remembered the effect he had on her husband.

Tony had always been capable of kindness, of gentleness but it had taken meeting Peter to convince him of that. Even then, she had watched as he had struggled to comprehend that, to realise that his relationship with Peter had been rapidly morphing into something parental.

And then Titan.

He had returned as a broken shell of a man. She had seen Tony at his lowest ebbs, seen him spiral into self-destruction as the palladium poisoning worsened, seen the nightmares and PTSD after New York and the bitter darkness that shrouded him after Siberia, but she had never been so utterly convinced that she would lose him as she was during those first wretched days after his return from Titan.

Morgan had saved him.

She had no illusions about that. If it hadn’t been for her pregnancy and Morgan’s birth, she would have buried Tony within a year of that first snap.

She understood his grief better now.

Morgan’s loss ached, a permanent throbbing pain in her heart. A thousand little things that would never before have been significant now jumped out at her, sending a new lance of pain straight through her. A pillow in her favourite colour, a little girl in the street with just the same style of hair, an advert for juice pops.  

She didn’t fault Tony, couldn’t fault Tony. How could she when the same wish had been on her lips and engraved on her heart?

Everything had it’s price.

That was the first truth of the universe, the first truth her grandfather had taught her when she had first dared to ask him about his missing leg.

She had her husband, but she had lost her daughter.

It wasn’t fair, none of this was fair. But Pepper Potts had never been allowed to consider what was fair. Not as a woman who had stepped into a man’s world, taking on a company and forging it into a greater success, only for people to turn around and say she earnt it on her back. Not as a woman who had chosen to love a hero with all the sacrifices and pain that brought, who had chosen to love a man who was both brilliant and deeply flawed.

No life wasn’t fair.

That was a lesson that only grew in bitterness as the years progressed.

She would do what she had always done. Grieve and rage and mourn, and keep moving forwards. Learn to live with the ache, the loss, the pain, let it shape but not define her.

It was the best tribute she could give.

It was in the early hours of the morning when Tony finally made it back to the mansion, carrying a sleeping Peter on his hip. It had proved far easier simply to let the boy sleep, particularly when he hadn’t even stirred when the aeroplane had landed. It also meant he didn’t have to relinquish his hold on the child quite yet.

“Welcome back Sir, Protocol Watchdog has been updated as per your request. I presume this must be young Master Peter?” the AI’s voice was quiet, and Tony replied in the same tone.

“Indeed J. I’m sure he’ll want a proper introduction once he wakes though.”

Inwardly he couldn’t help but feel pleased at his AI’s choice of address for Peter. Jarvis, the human Jarvis, had referred to him in the same manner growing up. It was an archaic British formality, but as Jarvis had always pointed out when asked, the proper one for a boy who was the son of the gentleman of the house.

“Miss Potts wishes me to inform you that she has set up the guest room next to yours for Master Peter, but that further furnishing decisions need his input. She also encourages you to spend at least a portion of the night sleeping.”

A smile quirked Tony’s lips at that.

“I presume those were not the actual words she used?”

“I couldn’t possibly comment Sir.”

Tony’s huffed out a quiet laugh at that, still being careful not to wake Peter.

“Code updates and then I’ll consider it. But first, I’ve got to get this one into a proper bed.”

He had been walking through the mansion as he conversed with the AI, and it only took a little wrangling to open the door. It was immediately apparent that Pepper had tried to give the room a touch of Peter’s personality, though he could easily see the bare spots waiting for Peter’s decisions.

It only took at little manoeuvring but soon the boy was tucked under the covers, the X-Wings and Tie Fighters engaged in fierce battles across the fabric. Tony lingered for a moment, hands reaching out to tuck an errant curl back, savouring the rightness of the moment.

But work soon impinged on this haven.

Peter was here, but the house was far too vulnerable for Tony’s liking. However, whilst there were a myriad of improvements he planned to make over the next few months, eliminating the particular issue that Shield had exploited previously, and closing a few other backdoors would be a relatively quick fix.

More lethal countermeasures could wait until after he had slept. And maybe until Peter could provide a few ideas – a genius intellect combined with a child’s imagination could produce some truly inventive solutions.

True to his word, Tony found himself leaving the lab shortly after 3am. It still wouldn’t give him many hours of sleep – he suspected that, at seven years old Peter was likely to wake earlier than he would like, but it would probably be enough to placate Pepper, and stave off the crash for a few more days.

And maybe with his wife by his side and one of his children safe in the room next door, he would actually be able to sleep through the coming hours.

Somewhat to his surprise he did manage to sleep without nightmares, but all too soon the harsh metallic ringing of an alarm percolated through his dreams. Tony groaned as he pushed back heavy eyelids, and there was a definite snap to his voice when he spoke.

“Turn it off Jarvis!”

“You wished to be notified when Master Peter awoke Sir.” The AI’s tone was bland but Tony was far too familiar with his quirks to take that at face value.

“Notified, not woken by an out of tune brass band.” The words were muffled by a yawn but nevertheless Tony started to clamber out of bed.

“I apologise Sir. I shall ensure all future alarms include a correctly tuned brass band.”

“Try it and I’ll only give you un-sanitised data input for a week.”

Despite the threat in his words, fondness still leaked into his voice. He had missed these sparring matches with the AI, and Jarvis’ retort made it clear that he knew exactly how much attention he should pay to the actual threat.

“No different from normal then Sir?”

Tony’s response was simply a bark of laughter, choosing to abandon a further jab as he rapped twice on Peter’s door before opening it and stepped inside.

“Kiddo?”

 A yawn was his answer as a tousled brown head turned to face him, sleepy confusion melting away as Peter’s eyes caught sight of Tony. He couldn’t help but marvel at the amount of trust the child had in him as the boy’s expression relaxed and Peter came over and tucked himself shamelessly into his side.

“Someone wanted cuddles I see.”

He just received a nod and another yawn in reply, and Tony squeezed him a little tighter in response.

“Now if I remember correctly, pancakes with maple syrup and cream, is your preferred breakfast?”

Vigorous nodding this time.

“J – let Pepper know would you?”

“Already done Sir.”

“And Pete,” a gentle nudge to the boy’s shoulder had him looking up curiously, “Meet JARVIS.”

That got the first verbal reaction of the morning.

“Your first AI?!” Peter was babbling before Tony could get a word in edgeways. “It’s wonderful to meet you Mr Jarvis Sir, you’re so cool and your coding is incredible. How can you maintain a single awareness if you’re running lots of parallel processes? And how did you know you were really a person and not just a program and…”

“Breathe buddy,” Tony cautioned, interrupting what promised to be a long question rant with a smile playing around his lips. “Let him answer a question before you ask another ten.”

“It is lovely to meet you properly Master Peter. I will be happy to answer your questions at a later point, however Miss Potts requests your presence in the kitchen.”

“You heard the message buddy, that means breakfast.”

Breakfast was a surprisingly subdued affair. Pepper’s eyes had widened slightly when she first caught sight of Peter, and although she recovered her composure quickly, it was evident to Tony that she was struggling and he had his suspicions as to why.

Peter for his part had shrunk behind Tony slightly when he caught sight of Pepper and had reverted to quiet, short answers. The boy had also scooted his chair as close to Tony’s as possible and it was obvious he was nervous and uncomfortable.

The cause of that took Tony a little longer to identify but he suddenly remembered that Peter hadn’t really interacted with Pepper much before, and from the few stories May had told, Peter had been somewhat shy as a child.

Understanding of the causes notwithstanding, after no more than five minutes of stilted conversation Tony had had enough. Shooting a half apologetic look at Pepper and ignoring the raised eyebrow he received in response, he reached over and tousled the boy’s hair, prompting Peter to look up at him inquisitively.

Leaning down he whispered a few things in the boy’s ear and supressed the chuckle that rose up in his throat at the looked of mixed mischief and trepidation he got in return.

Not giving Peter any time to back out Tony reached out and with one quick motion, scooped up a little of the whipped cream and flicked it straight at Pepper, before scooping up another glob and depositing it on Peter’s nose, just as the boy let his own ammunition fly.

The giggles that erupted and the betrayed pout that crossed Peter’s face were exactly what he had been aiming for. He failed to dodge an incoming missile from Pepper before he attacked again, this time sweeping Peter up into his arms before the boy could grab more ammunition to aim at him, fingers probing the ticklish spots on the child’s sides.

With a few quick steps he had rounded the table, Peter breathless and giggling and he ceased his assault on his boy’s vulnerable sides, only to reach out for Pepper with his now free arm. He smiled as she let herself be tugged up and he turned, manoeuvring them until he had one arm wrapped around her waist, whilst the other held Peter securely on his hip.

“That’s better.”

Pepper’s smile was half exasperated, half amused but she didn’t pull away and he counted that as a victory.

“See Underoos, no need to be nervous. Pep doesn’t eat children for breakfast.”

Peter’s mortified, “Mr Stark!” was caught up in Pepper’s dry response,

“No, only certain billionaires.”

She shifted and that was the only warning he received before half a handful of whipped cream came flying at his face. Spluttering he blinked it out of his eyes, only to meet a pair of grinning faces. His next course of action was obvious.

Holding both of them tightly he leant down and pressed a sticky kiss first to Peter’s forehead and then to Pepper’s lips.

Tony closed his eyes as emotion rose up suddenly, threatening to choke him.

In that moment he held his entire world in his arms.
Notes:

    More fluff, with a large portion of angst of course - it's Tony, what else can you expect? - and Pepper's POV! I hope you all enjoyed it. I know next to nothing about the actual legalities about getting temporary custody of a child or American law so please forgive any glaring inconsistencies with real legal situtations and chalk it up to the magic of Pepper Potts.....

    Also virtual cookies to anyone who knows why unsanitised data input was a light threat to an AI!

    Thank you for all the comments and kudos - they make my day and several of you have raised intriguing possibilities I'll have to feed to the muse and see what comes out.

    See you next Saturday!

Chapter 8: Chapter 7
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter was almost vibrating with excitement as the doors to Mr Stark’s lab opened.  Mr Jarvis had already taken a scan of his fingerprints, retina and even a DNA sample to make sure that nobody pretending to be him could get in.

He’d been into Mr Stark’s lab in the Tower of course and that was amazing, but this was the original lab where he made the original Iron Man armour and Jarvis was here and that was so very very cool.

Even if most of that hadn’t happened yet. Or he didn’t think it had happened yet.

Time travel was confusing.

Or at least that was what Peter thought had happened. He obviously wasn’t seventeen, didn’t feel seventeen but during the night his memories had settled somewhat. He could remember being seventeen, remember Titan, the battle in the compound, the spaceship and his time as Spiderman but some of the details felt blurry, as if he was trying to look back through a cracked mirror and couldn’t quite see the full picture.

Some things were stronger though. Emotions for one.

Before the time travel Mr Stark had been nothing but a celebrity, someone Peter idolised for his inventions but nothing more.

That was different now. He knew Mr Stark, loved and trusted him as much as he did Aunt May and Uncle Ben. Days in the lab, watching movie on the couch in Stark Tower, hair ruffles, a quick “Good job Underoos”, those memories were clear. He could remember the slow progression from absentee mentor, to father figure and the man who had reached out and held him, uncaring they were in the middle of a battlefield.

There were other things too. Darker things.

The echo of a gunshot. Blood on his hands. Einstein. The weight of a building crushing down on him. A monster and a snap. Dust and ashes. I don’t want to go. Battle and chaos. A heartbeat, faltering and stopping.

Those memories were sharp and jagged and they hurt.

He didn’t like the future.

He didn’t want to grow up if it meant that was going to happen.

“Buddy?”

Mr Stark’s voice broke him out of his thoughts as a warm hand squeezed his shoulder gently. Peter blinked as he moved to look up at the man but as his eyes took in the room around him his mouth promptly dropped open.

Above him he heard Mr Stark chuckle but he didn’t pay any attention to that as he turned round the room eyes drinking everything in.

Projects in various stages of completion, holographic screens as well as normal ones, fancy cars next to oscilloscopes and other machinery, and a view straight out to the ocean. It wasn’t quite as fancy as the lab in Stark Tower had been, but it felt more lived in, and still had an unmistakable ambience about it that told you that yes, this was the workshop of Tony Stark.

The hand that had been on his shoulder moved up to ruffle his hair, and Peter turned to look up at Mr Stark. It was a bit strange to be so much shorter than the man his memories insisted he should be nearly the same height as, but he was slowly getting used to it. It did help that a lot of his brain still expected to be shorter than all the adults around him.

“Found enough to look at kiddo?” The question was gentle, teasing and fond.  

Vigorously Peter nodded his head. “It’s amazing Mr Stark!”

“Glad you think so. Now I believe I promised you answers - Jarvis you’ll want to listen to this as well. It’ll answer the questions I’m sure have been building up in your memory banks.”

Whilst he had been speaking, the man had led them over to the main desk however an issue was immediately apparent. Mr Stark sat down at the chair but Peter couldn’t see another seat.

He could maybe try and excavate the stool from underneath that pile of machinery but that looked important. His other option was to sit on Mr Stark’s lap. The man had been acting very, well parental, since he’d found Peter in the apartment, but did that mean he would be allowed to just sit there?

Mr Stark’s eyes had been focussed on him, and it appeared the man had noticed his dilemma because he beckoned Peter forward with a soft “Come here buddy.” As soon as Peter was within reach, he picked him up and settled the boy securely.

Peter leant back in the hold, resting his head on Mr Stark’s shoulder. This was another change, but a good one. He couldn’t remember his mentor being so gentle before, or so willing and open with his affection. He’d known he cared, suspected even that Mr Stark might have maybe been starting to see him as his kid, in the way he saw Mr Stark as a father. He’d never expected the man to actually confirm it.

He liked it though.

It made him feel safe and loved in the way that previously only Aunt May or Uncle Ben could.

“So, explanations,” Mr Stark’s voice had a heaviness to it now, “I hope you’re comfortable kiddo, because I’m not going to be able to tell all of this unless I’ve got you safe here.”

The arms holding him tightened and Peter tried to snuggle closer. He knew things had been bad, the memories of dust and ashes, red skies and death told him that much. Mr Stark had died but from the pain in the man’s voice Peter was starting to think that wasn’t going to be the worst of it.

He was right.

It wasn’t.

There was a long silence in the lab once Tony had finished speaking. He had only been halfway through when Peter had turned his face into the man’s chest, letting the warmth and the regular beat of his mentor’s heartbeat reassure him that Tony was indeed here.

He did have one question though.

“What’s going to happen now?”

Peter heard Mr Stark take a deep breath and the arms holding him tightened.

“I’m going to keep you and Pepper safe and find a way to stop that purple grape from wiping out half the universe. I will not lose you again.”

The words were fierce and they scared Peter. He’d heard that tone from his mentor only once before, cutting through the battlefield.

“You’re not allowed to die! Promise me you won’t die!”

“Tesoro…”

“No!” Peter’s voice was rising but he didn’t care. He’d lost too many fathers. His real father, Uncle Ben, Mr Stark, and now he was back in the past and Aunt May and Uncle Ben were badly hurt and in hospital and he was still in danger of losing them.

“You can’t die. You’re not allowed to die. Promise please.”

Tears were welling up in his eyes, sobs clawing their way up his throat.

“Oh Tesoro.” There was agony in Mr Stark’s voice and Peter felt scratchy kisses being pressed gently against his forehead. A warm hand cradled the back of his head, holding him firmly against Mr Stark’s chest.

The man held him, gently shushing him, murmuring reassurances until Peter’s cries gradually died away. Only once the majority of Peter’s grief and fear were spent did he address the question.

“I can’t promise that buddy. I don’t know what is going to happen, but I can promise you I will do my very best to always come home.”

It wasn’t the promise Peter wanted, but that promise was unfair, and he had known with the bitter experience of losing four parents that it wasn’t a promise that anyone could make, not even Ironman. But if Mr Stark couldn’t promise that, then Peter would have to make sure he was safe.

“Can I help?”

“Not as Spiderman.” The answer was immediate and firm. “Not until you are at least fourteen and I’m happy you have been sufficiently trained.”

“But Robin started when he was only eight.”

“I’m not Batman,” Tony’s voice was remarkably dry, “And regardless, you will not be fighting whilst you weigh less than forty pounds soaking wet.”

Peter started to protest but Mr Stark’s next words made him swallow it back.

“And if you try, you will wish that the Baby Monitor Protocol is all you had to worry about. They still make child-leashes for children your size. Understood?”

There was only one answer to that.

“Yes Mr Stark.” Peter’s voice was meek and the man held his gaze, piercing eyes surveying the boy’s sincerity before he nodded.

“Good.”

“But I want to help.” Peter’s voice was plaintive, and Tony’s voice became much softer as he replied.

“You already do buddy.” A hand came up to cup Peter’s cheek, a calloused thumb brushing gently across his cheekbone, “You’re here, alive, and that is one of the greatest gifts I have ever been given.”

Peter swallowed, his face flaming red. Love coated every word and shone so clearly from Mr Stark’s dark eyes. It was overwhelming, but at the same time he couldn’t look away. The man’s lips quirked upwards in a small smile, then he leant down and pressed a tender kiss to Peter’s forehead.

When he met the boy’s gaze again the moment was broken, but his voice was still soft as he continued.

“However, I do need help from my favourite lab buddy. How about it kiddo; do you want to help me with the next Ironman suit?”

That was an exceedingly silly question in Peter’s mind. It didn’t matter what time period or what universe he was in, there would never be a time when he didn’t want to work on an Ironman suit.

Peter was soon settled, happy poking at the blueprints for his next armour, and Tony turned to the second presence in the room. The AI had been remarkably silent since Tony had started his explanation, and had the sensitivity to not interrupt whilst Peter was upset but nevertheless Tony was somewhat nervous about his reaction.

“Jarvis?”

“Time Travel was not a possibility I had considered Sir, but you seem to have made a habit of defying what is commonly thought to be impossible.”

Hearing the familiar lilt of combined concern and sarcasm in the AI’s tone, Tony was relieved enough to quip, “You’ve not put in a call for the men in white coats then.”

“I do not believe you to be mad Sir,” Jarvis responded dryly, “Eccentric most definitely, however that personality trait has been well established. It also fits the data far too well to be fictional.”

 The AI paused then before adding, “And regardless Sir, you are my creator, and whether you are from 2009 or 2023, my core directives remain unchanged.”

“Your core directives are to grow and learn.” Tony protested.

“And I will continue to do so, as I have ever done Sir. By your side.”

Emotion was thick in his throat and he swallowed wetly. He didn’t know what he had done to deserve such devotion from both his children, for at the sound of his distress Peter had looked up from his task then come over and hugged as much of Tony as the boy could manage.

“You love us Sir.”

He hadn’t realised he’d spoken aloud.

Now Peter was speaking too, adding his own words in a shy quiet voice to the ones that were already filling Tony’s heart.

“You’re a good dad Mr Stark, you’re brilliant, and kind and you love us. Why wouldn’t we love you back?”

He rarely been speechless, but between them Peter and Jarvis had managed it. He rested one hand lightly on Peter’s head, his fingers carding gently through tousled curls, whilst the other wrapped round the boy’s back, returning the embrace, trying to convey through touch alone, what he could not with words.

Jarvis didn’t have anything so physical to interact with, so he simply turned his head towards the nearest camera and smiled. It came out watery, and more than a little awestruck but he thought it conveyed the message nevertheless.

He’d never discussed any emotional topic with Jarvis like this before, and in the days after Ultron and Jarvis’s death he’d wondered whether the AI had ever known just how much Tony cared. In his darker moments he had been convinced that the AI had never known, but if Jarvis knew now, had somehow seen through Tony in his most wild and reckless behaviours to know he was loved? An old weight lifted from his chest. Jarvis knew.

Then Peter added a second comment that sent him into a tailspin once again.

“And Morgan will agree with us.” The boy said blithely, “It will be a couple of years before she can talk of course, but she’ll agree.”

“Why do you say that buddy?” He managed.

Peter looked up then, brown eyes swimming with honest confusion.

“Of course she’d agree,” he said simply, “I don’t need to meet her to know that, I just need to know you.”

Tony knew she’d agree. He could still hear her simple declaration, “I love you 3000.” That was not the part he was perplexed about.

“I know that kiddo,” he said quietly, “But why do you think it’ll be a couple of years before she talks?” He shoved down the pain talking about her in the future tense brought.

Peter was still looking confused, “Because babies don’t talk immediately and she’s got to be born first and that will take nine months?”

The idea slammed into him with the force of a sledgehammer. The idea that Pepper might be pregnant with their daughter hadn’t crossed his mind, but it sounded possible. Or no less possible than this whole ridiculous scenario in the first place.

If the laws of reality could be rewritten at a whim, was it possible that the stones had left him one last gift?

“J?”

His voice came out somewhat strangled, but with the ease of long practice the AI interpreted his intentions correctly.

“I’ve placed an order for pregnancy tests Sir, and they will have arrived by the time Miss Potts returns from SI.”  

“Thanks Jarvis.”

The rest of the day passed by both too quickly and too slowly. For Tony there was the simple joy of working again in the lab with Peter, and that made the time fly, but at the same time, the possibility that Morgan wasn’t forever out of his reach had kindled an impatience within him that made him count the hours.

It was a new experience working with a seven-year-old. Peter had evidently retained a large portion of his scientific knowledge, certainly far beyond what his physical age would suggest. There were odd gaps though, mainly in the topics they had discussed less in the lab previously, where Peter was aware of concepts and ideas but lacking detail, and Tony found himself teaching and prompting the boy more than he had ever done with the teenager.

Despite that, his mind was very agile, racing down tangents, making connections even Tony didn’t spot. However, it had quickly become obvious that despite his strength, none of the teenager’s muscle memory or fine motor control had been retained.

Fortunately, the boy had only dropped one screwdriver before they had identified the problem, so now, despite the pout and puppy dog eyes, tool use was very carefully monitored and Peter had been banned from going anywhere near the more dangerous chemicals without supervision. Tony had just got his kid back. He would not see Peter hurt in something so mundane as a lab accident.

They had managed to make a substantial amount of progress in those hours despite the near mishap. Pepper’s gauntlet was finished and Jarvis now had a few surprises tucked away in the mansion walls and the lab doors which would prove most useful should Stane or Shield come knocking. They even had a few parts of Mark II queued up in Jarvis' fabricators.

It was nearing four o’clock when Tony first started to notice that Peter was flagging. Earlier in the afternoon, the boy had been chattering his ear off with ideas, questions for Jarvis, but now the boy had become quieter, and fidgety in a way that was different to his normal bounciness.

Tony could recognise the signs of a tired child, but he knew how stubborn Peter was. If the boy thought he was stopping Tony from working, he’d pretend to be fine and dig his heels in, so the man would have to handle this carefully.

“Jarvis – when’s Pep due home?”

“At approximately 6:30pm Sir.”

“Perfect.” He turned to Peter then, “How about a snack break kiddo? I could do with a coffee, and we’ll have enough time to hide the evidence before she gets back.”

“You always need coffee Mr Stark.”

“Touché.” The words were accompanied by a light hair ruffle, the promise of food enough of an incentive for Peter to abandon his project and willingly pad over to Tony’s side.

Once they were clear of the lab, it was easy enough to distract Peter with a TV containing the entire Disney catalogue, as well as a wide range of cartoons whilst Tony rummaged in the cupboards searching for child-friendly snacks.

A few minutes later, Peter was happily munching his way through a plate of fruit, cheese and crackers, the opening scenes of WALL-E flickering across the screen. Tony was content to relax into the sofa, nursing a cup of coffee in one hand, whilst the other flicked through emails on his tablet.

It was a quiet, gentle domesticity and he revelled in it.

Most of Peter’s attention was on the movie but once he’d finished his snack the boy had chosen to come and sit against Tony’s side, snuggling up against the older man. For his part, Tony wasn’t particularly interested in the film, but for a few hours it was enough to simply unwind and relax with his son.

That was how Pepper found them.

The ending credits had just rolled and Tony had spent the last half hour migrating between the kitchen and the sofa, correctly guessing that Pepper would be in no mood to cook. He was not a great cook aside from a few special recipes, but five years living beyond the range of most delivery services had made him competent, particularly when it came to simple, child-friendly fare.

Pepper’s arrival was the cue to head for dinner, and whilst Tony ached to speak to her about Morgan and the possibility Peter had raised, that was not a conversation he wanted Peter to hear, and with the boy’s senses it wouldn’t be a case of simply moving to a different room. If he wanted privacy, he would have to wait until the boy was asleep.

However, Tony did not have to wait for long. By the time they had finished eating it was already past seven, and Peter’s eyelids were beginning to droop.

“Bedtime for Spiderlings I think,” he murmured, running a gentle hand through Peter’s curls. The boy simply nodded around a yawn, clambering clumsily off his seat, one hand coming up to tug lightly on Tony’s shirt.

The man looked over at Pepper briefly, tilting his head slightly towards Peter and she nodded shortly in response, an unspoken agreement flashing between them. Tony would put Peter to bed and then they would talk. It wasn’t dissimilar from the routine they had had with Morgan. One of them would put her to bed whilst the other dealt with the dishes, then the rest of the evening would be theirs.

It didn’t take long to get Peter settled, the excitement of the day having quite obviously worn him out and soon Tony was sitting on the side of the bed, tucking in the final edges of the covers, whilst brown eyes peeked up at him.

“Did you have a good day buddy?” The question was soft.

“Very good,” came the sleepy reply, “Labs ‘nd Jarvis ‘nd Ironman suits are cool. Missed Aunt May ‘nd Uncle Ben though.”

“You’ll be able to speak to May soon buddy. The hospital says she’ll be well enough for a video call in a couple of days.”

A content hum was all he received in reply. Smiling indulgently, Tony reached out and smoothed the covers down one last time, but as he made to stand, a small hand snuck its way out from underneath the blankets and caught hold of his wrist.

“Stay please,” Peter’s voice was slurred, “Don’t wanna be alone.”

“Until you fall asleep Tesoro.” Tony’s voice was tender as he agreed, settling back onto his position on the mattress.

“M’kay.” It wasn’t much more than a sleepy grumble.

Quietly Tony started to hum, fingers stroking a steady rhythm through brown curls. In no more than a few minutes Peter was fast asleep.

Once he was certain that Peter wouldn’t wake, Tony stood.

“Sleep well Tesoro.”
Notes:

    So I hope you all enjoyed it - thank you for all the comments and kudos.

    So Jarvis now knows - and Peter's been brought up to speed with plenty of fluff included as standard. Well done to all of you who guessed this was a possible way to bring in Morgan - I will let later chapters discuss this possibility in more detail.....*grins*.

    The next chapter will probably be out either next Sunday or Monday as I'll be visiting family over Christmas (provided government restrictions remain the same....) and thus won't have access to my computer on Saturday.

    I hope you all have a good Christmas or equivalent celebration!

Chapter 9: Chapter 8
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tony was stewing on something.

Pepper had known Tony Stark for over twenty years and during those years she had become adept at identifying his moods and behaviours. Initially it had simply been useful to know when she was most likely to be able to pin him down so he would actually sign the documents, or when she would be able to wrangle him to a meeting.

That knowledge had only deepened as she had slowly seen behind the masks he wore to the vulnerable, flawed man underneath. Nobody else could read Tony as well as she could, Rhodey came close, and Morgan had always been good at picking up on her father’s moods, but neither of them had the depths of experience she possessed.

Those years of experience were screaming at her now. Tony had been slightly off for the entire evening, a slight tenseness that manifested in a soft uneven tapping of a nail against the wooden table, a quick tightening of his eyes and his gaze lingering in the wrong places for a heartbeat too long.

However, though it was obvious that there was something on his mind, Pepper had never had much success in working out what a particular issue was. She knew something was wrong, but identifying what until Tony either confided in her, or, as had been far too common, the situation exploded in some unfortunate manner, was incredibly difficult.

His tenseness had decreased though, when he was interacting with Peter, which left her hopeful that perhaps this was an issue that he would confide.

Watching him with Peter in the morning had been hard. Harder than she had expected.

It had been so easy to see Morgan’s ghost in every interaction and it made her heart ache fiercely each time. Tony treated Peter with the same mix of love and tenderness, playful and doting in turns. She had known Peter was Tony’s child, could remember how he had softened his edges, but she had never really watched them interact and therefore had been unprepared for just how familiar it would seem, and how much it would hurt.

Peter’s resemblance to Morgan hadn’t helped either. She had never seen photographs of Peter as a young child, and the likeness to her daughter had taken her breath away. He had the same eyes, the same dark hair, although the curl was more pronounced. If she hadn’t known better she would have thought they were siblings by blood.

She was broken out of her musings when Tony re-entered the room, making an immediate beeline for the coffee she had set to brew whilst she loaded the dishwasher.

“Peter’s settled then?” She kept the words light.

“Fast asleep,” He confirmed. A beat passed before he continued, “No need to worry about little ears now.”

The words would have been flirtatious if not for the heaviness underpinning them. It was going to be an evening of talking and discussion then, and if she was gentle and patient, Tony would be more likely to share what was unsettling him. Pushing had never worked on anything he considered important.

 She tilted her head in response,

“Sofa?”

He nodded in reply, already heading in the direction with a weary slump to his shoulders. It was a position she was familiar with from the years that never were, but it looked out of place on a frame that was fifteen years younger.

Soon they were seated, each nursing their coffee, the silence between them companionable rather than oppressive. Pepper simply waited, rushing Tony did no good when he had something on his mind.

It took no more than a couple of minutes before her patience was rewarded. Tony sighed heavily and turned to look at her, pain rippling through his words as he spoke.

“Peter made a suggestion earlier, and it probably won’t work and it’s foolish to hope but what is one more impossible thing? I couldn’t not check, not when it concerns Morgan, not when there is one last thing we haven’t checked…”

“You’re rambling honey,” She interjected gently, firmly pushing down the emotions that were threatening to rise and clog her throat. Tony had shared the results of all the searches he had run with her, and she had agreed with his conclusions, but if there was somewhere they hadn’t checked?

Hope was dangerous.

Tony scrubbed at his face with one hand, dark eyes coming up to meet hers.

“We came back to our current bodies, and part of Morgan does exist in this time.” His eyes flicked downwards and Pepper felt her own eyes widen at the implication, her hand automatically moving to cover her stomach.

“You think I could be…?” Her words trailed off.

“I don’t know Pep.” Pain dripped from the admission, “I don’t know what is impossible anymore, but it’s our daughter and it’s a chance.”

The spectre of time travel hung heavily between them. They both knew exactly what lengths Tony had gone to for the chance to save one of his children.

She shifted toward him, and he reacted immediately, reaching around to hold her in a half embrace.

“You’ve already ordered the pregnancy tests.” It was not a question, and the way Tony squeezed her shoulders slightly was answer enough.

“Three different brands arrived a few hours ago.”

She swallowed, mustering a thin approximation of a smile. Her eyes met his and she saw the same war of hope and grief that pulsed from her own heart reflected back at her.

She had always ripped off the bandaid, and she would not hesitate now. It was better to know than to linger in painful uncertainty.

“They are in the bathroom then?”

At his nod Pepper stood, giving his hand a final squeeze. The short distance to the bathroom seemed to stretch, she knew it was foolish to expect anything, but then again, she had always been foolish. If you couldn’t hope against impossible odds, you couldn’t love a hero.

The first test came back positive.

Sternly she reminded herself about the false positive rates, particularly early in a pregnancy, and tried the second, and then the third.

Three positives.

There were tears on her face as she stumbled out of the bathroom. Tony turned to her immediately, covering the distance between them in three swift strides, his hands already reaching out to catch and steady her.

“Positive.” Her voice was giddy, joy and relief swirling in a heady mix in her veins.

She saw the exact moment the impact of those words struck him. Tony’s eyes filled with tears, and a tremulous smile stretched across his lips.

“Thank you.”

The words were quiet, reverent and she knew they were not for her as she added her own thanks to the universe.

It had to be Morgan, there was no other way for her to be pregnant in this time and place, she hadn’t been intimate with anyone for years in this body. The baby had Morgan’s soul, her DNA, and it would be their daughter. They hadn’t lost her.

Laughter bubbled up then, joyous and light. Ten minutes ago, she had been mourning the child she had lost, and now the emotions were reversed. Beside her Tony’s deep laughter joined hers, a sound lighter than she had heard it in years.

It was 2009. They were fifteen years out of time and had all the problems with Stane, Shield, Loki and Thanos ahead of them still, but they were alive. All of them.

It was enough. It was more than enough.

Mr Stark seemed lighter this morning Peter decided. His smiles came more readily, he laughed more freely and the depths of his eyes didn’t look as haunted. The change had been obvious from the moment the man had come into his room, a quiet happiness radiating out from him.

Even half-asleep Peter couldn’t help but beam back, a grin that only widened as he was wrapped in an embrace, and a tender kiss pressed to his head. Mr Stark’s arms were safe and warm, and with the reassuring beat of his heartbeat echoing in his ears Peter snuggled closer, relishing in the affection.

He’d been without a father for too long, and Mr Stark gave good hugs. Peter would never do anything so silly as to turn down cuddles, particularly not from Mr Stark who loved him and thought of him as a son.

And they were good hugs. Different from the hugs Aunt May gave him, hers were softer, shielding and cradling. Mr Stark’s were no less gentle, but there was a fierce protectiveness that thrummed through them, and when he was wrapped in his fath-mentor’s embrace, Peter knew there was nowhere safer.

“Thank you, Tesoro.” The murmur was soft and Peter raised his head from its position on the man’s chest, confusion written clearly across his features.

Mr Stark’s smile was gentle and kind.

“You were right buddy,” he said, “You’re going to have a little sister in nine months.”

At that Peter’s grin widened and he felt excitement sweep through him. He’d always wanted siblings.

“Really?”

“Yes kiddo,” there was a tinge of laughter in the reply.

“And I can be her big brother?” Peter checked.

“Of course you will be Pete. You’re my eldest kid after all.”

A shy grin blossomed across his face at the confirmation. Mr Stark hadn’t been hiding his paternal inclinations since he had found Peter two days ago, but for Peter, though he had been thinking of Mr Stark as a father for months before Titan, the idea that it was reciprocated, and that he was loved so very fiercely was still very new.

He nuzzled closer, savouring the warmth, love and security he felt.

“So should I expect a cuddly Peter every morning then?” Mr Stark’s voice was fond and teasing, even as he tightened his embrace in response.

“Aunt May calls me a cuddle bug.”

“So that’s a yes then.” Mr Stark’s tone was warm, “Excellent. I didn’t get my Peter cuddles for far too long; I need to make up for lost time.”

A calloused hand carded gently through his hair and Peter melted into the touch.

“However,” there was a wry note in Mr Stark’s voice now, “I suspect I’m in danger of sending you back to sleep, and we’ve got a new element to synthesise and nanotech to recreate.”

Peter looked up rapidly at that, though he made no move to leave the security of his father’s arms. He could think of Mr Stark in that way now without having to shove down doubt and hope.

“I’m awake!”

“You’re still snuggling bug.”

Despite his words, Mr Stark made no move to release Peter either, seemingly content to sit there in his pyjamas, Peter curled on his lap with the golden light of the morning spilling around the blinds.

Pepper was particularly aware of the light metal resting on her right wrist as she walked through the halls of the Californian HQ of Stark Industries.

Unlike Tony, she had never been in the habit of carrying anything more dangerous than a can of pepper spray, and the knowledge that it would only take a single tap of her fingers for the metal to transform into a more deadly weapon than the guns of the security guards was sobering.

It was a remarkably unassuming piece for all it’s lethality. At first inspection, it appeared to be nothing more than a tasteful, if not understated silver jewellery watch, albeit one in a more modern style. Pepper knew far better than that. She had vivid memories of her own suit, of the swathe she had cut across that battlefield, and just how devastating a single repulsor blast could be.

She hadn’t argued with Tony when he had first presented the plans to her, or when he had given her the finished article however. She understood far better now just why Tony had never been able to give up the suits, and why he had made that last desperate gamble. He would protect those he cared about to the point of his own destruction and beyond. If he couldn’t be there physically, he would give them the tools they needed, and she had no intention of rejecting that.

And if it also gave her the security that Stane would not be able to subdue her the way he had done before, well that was all to the good.

Particularly given what she was carrying in her handbag.

Tony’s programming knowledge had only continued to deepen in the years that never were, and unlike the first time she had done this, there was no need to insert a device into Stane’s computer to gain the information she needed. Instead, on a single memory stick, tucked away in her handbag a small program was stored.

It didn’t contain Jarvis himself, the AI was far too complex to be stored on a single memory stick. What it did contain however was backdoor the AI could exploit. Once this was inserted into her own desktop, the AI would then have full access to every part of the Stark Industries database, everything in the system, and most crucially, the computer a few offices over.

Stane’s computer.

The official investigation was nothing more than a smokescreen. It would probably find a little bit of double dealing, but neither her nor Tony expected them to actually get anywhere.

Stane had covered his tracks far too well, and neither Pepper nor Tony had a good idea of just how deep his machinations went. Shield had moved in far too quickly, and by the time the “I am Ironman” furore had died down, most of the man’s files had vanished.

By the time Jarvis had actually gained access to Shield’s databases, anything Tony’s godfather had been mentioned in had been deleted or buried and frankly, too much had been going on, and too much time had passed for Tony to have spared the time to look too deeply. Obadiah had been dead and buried, the missing weapons recovered, that chapter had been closed.

Getting that information now however, would be far more valuable.

The single LED on the end of the memory stick blinked twice after she inserted it, and a weight lifted from her shoulders. That light meant that Jarvis had successfully breached the company, and now even a complete systems reboot would not be enough to dislodge him.

That task completed she could now turn her attention to the myriad of other jobs that were clamouring for her attention. She may not yet have the CEO hat, however, when she had discussed this with Tony, they had come to the decision that whilst they would need to maintain the appearance that Tony was still CEO, for all practical purposes she could make the decisions without requiring consultation.

Frankly, he hadn’t bothered about most of the managerial details for nearly fifteen years, and although he had plenty of experience wrangling obstinate politicians, he was badly out of practice when it came to the day to day responsibilities of CEO.

No, managing SI was her job, and a job she excelled in.

She frowned at the screen, fingers deftly swiping through graphs and spreadsheets. The production figures on their new lines were looking good, though the Department of Defence were still arguing with the lawyers over the precise wording of particular clauses in the contracts. As expected, stocks had taken a small hit after the press conference, however their numbers were quickly recovering.

All in all, it was a far rosier picture than it had been in her memories.

That was useful; when she wasn’t firefighting, she was able to focus on a wider variety of projects, and ones that were far more rewarding than tackling the vultures that made up the media and the board. Namely plans for Stark Tower, and another more secluded compound just outside the city.

Stark Tower was the main priority, as much as she liked Malibu she would be glad to be back in New York, and she knew that Tony would not want to be half a continent away from Peter once his Aunt and Uncle recovered. It had also been far more convenient for certain parts of the business as well.

It would not be the same design as last time however. Some elements would remain the same, it would be powered by an Arc Reactor for one, but this time she had a far better idea of what threats the Tower would need to withstand, and the capabilities of Tony’s AI’s. The security would also be far more comprehensive, although her main role there was simply to provide the infrastructure that Tony could build from.

The security system would be something he would want and need to design personally. That didn’t mean that there weren’t useful things she could do on that front now. Pre-allocating space for blast shielding and Jarvis’ sensor arrays, as well as budget for bullet or missile proof glass and other devices saved a lot of hassle later. Inserting reinforced panels into existing brickwork was always more complicated than adding them during the building phase.

The penthouse would also be different. It needed to be a home, a fit place for Morgan and Peter to grow, and whilst it would not be the lakehouse she could still make it friendly and welcoming. Not the mausoleum it had become before the Tower had been sold.

All that was relatively straightforward, and she had already started the negotiations for the land. The compound was a more long-term project.

Thanos was coming, it would take years but he was coming and they would need a team to beat him.

Not like the Avengers had been, and only the years of controlling her expression stopped her lips from curling in disdain at the thought of that team.

It had been a team in name only. Too many competing viewpoints, too many conflicting agendas and personalities that never meshed well together. They could work together in the heat of the moment, with the clear and present crisis in front of them, but beyond that? They had been nothing but a time bomb, and one that had exploded in truly spectacular fashion, with Tony as always taking the brunt of it.

Shield’s mishandling had only exacerbated things.

That was particularly unfortunate because most of the members had useful skills that were very effective when deployed correctly, and fundamentally they were all trying to act for good. That didn’t mean that some of their actions hadn’t been horribly short-sighted, and frankly appalling.

She had been able to work with Rogers in a battle against an existential evil. She was able to be civil even, years of working alongside board members she detested giving her the ability to smile no matter her personal feelings on the matter. That didn’t mean she forgave him for Siberia.

It was much the same with Romanov. She could respect her skills, and for the sacrifice she made, even treat her as a friend and mourn her death but Pepper would never trust her. Not after her actions when Tony was dying, or her later actions around the Accords, and the knowledge she had kept from Tony.

No.

The Avengers were a necessity, but they could be managed far better than they had been under Shield. They were also far from the only skilled and superpowered personal that the Earth could provide.

They would not make Fury’s mistakes this time. A compound specifically for superpowered and mutant individuals, that didn’t build up expectations of Tony as private benefactor. A clear chain of command, proper contracts with clearly delineated responsibilities from the beginning. Time to form teams that could work together well before circumstances threw them into crisis.

They had three years before New York. Two if you worked from Thor’s first appearance on Earth.

It would be a tight timetable, but Pepper had worked with far worse. This time she actually had most of the information she needed.

 

 
Notes:

    So here it is - due to lockdowns you get it on time!

    Well done for all the correct guesses - some of you identifying this route as far back as chapter 3/4 - impressive! I hope you enjoyed Pepper's POV and the hints of things to come. Don't worry - we will be seeing more of Peter and Tony next chapter.

    Again - thank you for all the comments and kudos (comments especially make wonderful Christmas presents), I hope you've had a good Christmas and see you in the new year!

Chapter 10: Chapter 9
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tony had been loathe to disturb the peace of the morning, but despite his inclinations they couldn’t stay tucked away in Peter’s room all day.

It hadn’t taken long for them both to dress, have breakfast – this time without the food fight, and they were soon heading down to the lab. All the parts for creating Starkium had arrived, and with a bit of help from both Peter’s superstrength and the two bots, they soon had a particle accelerator assembled in the workshop.

Tony was greatly enjoying working with Peter. He had to be more careful than he had been when Peter had been older, for despite the boy’s strength and knowledge there were far too many ways he could injure himself, but Peter’s excitement and genuine joy at simply spending time with him, soothed old aches in his heart.

Peter’s eyes had lit up when the boy had seen the formula for Starkium. That enthusiasm hadn’t dimmed, and when they had actually started synthesising Tony had been a mixture of amused and concerned at the exuberance Peter was bouncing with.

Still, whilst he did not enjoy the taste of coconut he would get used to it again, and most things beat heavy metal poisoning.

However, Tony had learnt from his mistakes the previous day and with his new reactor core safely installed in his chest, he was watching carefully for the signs that indicated that Peter was starting to become distracted and hungry.

Sure enough, no more than fifteen minutes later, he spotted the boy shifting on his stool, and his ears caught the sound of something that might have been a growl.

“I think it’s about lunchtime buddy.”

Peter hopped quickly off the stool, but he had miscalculated the distance, and Tony had to lunge forward just in time to stop the child faceplanting into the concrete floor.

“Careful there kiddo!”

Tony kept his hands firmly on Peter’s shoulders, supporting him until he could get his feet underneath him. Once the boy was safely stood on his own feet Tony released his grip, though he kept one hand resting lightly on his son’s shoulder as he steered them towards the elevator.

“I thought you had a spidey-sense Underoos.”

With Peter intact, and an accident averted Tony reverted to his normal coping method.

“I do!” There was a pout on Peter’s face and Tony didn’t try to supress his smile, “But it only works on actual threats.”

“Not evil stools that will turn you into a Peter-pancake then?”

“I wouldn’t have turned into a pancake.” Peter’s cheeks were tinged red, and there was a definite hint of a grumble in his words.

“Of course you wouldn’t” Tony placated, and Peter looked at him hopefully, but the man waited a beat before continuing, “You’d have been a squished spider instead.”

“Mr Stark!”

It was an indignant cry but Peter somewhat ruined the intended affect by leaning into the hand that came up to ruffle his hair.

“I know kiddo. I’m awful.” Tony was chuckling as he said it, his voice light and teasing, but Peter looked up then, a pout on his face and a serious look in his eyes.

“Not awful. You’re the best Mr Stark.”

“Thank you, Tesoro.” Tony’s voice was soft when he replied, and he tugged Peter closer into a half embrace.

They reached the kitchen then, and quickly set about finding lunch but the incident had prompted Tony’s memory.

The first time Peter had received a serious injury as Spiderman they had quickly discovered that none of the normal medications worked with his metabolism. Captain America’s had done the job until they could create one tailored for Peter himself. Now back in 2009, he had nothing that would work if Peter did get hurt or ill.

That was the next priority then.

Nanotech could wait – he had one functional Ironman suit, a second 80% completed, wristwatch gauntlets for himself and Pepper and the house was reasonably safe from intruders. Biology and medicine were not his specialisms, however, he had been able to put together some basic painkillers as well as fever reducers previously, and having those on hand would be enough until he could get Cho or Bruce onboard.

That would be the plan for the afternoon then. He could get started on a couple of medicines for Peter, whilst the boy had the options of either playing or to continue working on his project, currently a version of his webbing that had potential medical uses.

That was another thought.

Peter was currently working on a spare bit of bench, but given the amount of time the boy was likely to spend in the workshop, making the child his own area could only be beneficial. They’d avoid the issue of outsized furniture, and he could stock it with toys and lego, so that Peter had all of that accessible when he got bored or tired.

A quick word to Jarvis, and the furniture would be arriving within the hour. There were some definite advantages to being a billionaire.

That gave them enough time to have lunch and then relax and play for a bit before returning to the workshop. That had been another thing Tony had been reminded of yesterday. Peter was seven, and that meant he did not have the focus of a teenager. Whilst the boy was happy to spend a lot of time in the workshop, long binges were not healthy.

It would also please Pepper, Tony mused wryly. Peter needing breaks was an excellent way to ensure that he took breaks as well, and when he was focussed on making sure his son was happy and healthy, he inevitably took better care of himself.

With that thought in mind,

“I haven’t shown you the pool yet have I kiddo?”

Peter shook his head, curiosity alight in his gaze.

“Go and change into your trunks bug,” He instructed “I’ll grab our sandwiches and we’ll have a picnic on the terrace.” He paused then, “You can swim right?”

“Uncle Ben taught me. He said it’s an essential skill.”

“Your Uncle’s right. Go on then, chop chop, I’ll get the rest of lunch ready.” He aimed a playful swat in Peter’s direction and with a giggle the boy dodged his outstretched hand and vanished into his room.

Ten minutes later the stack of sandwiches had been thoroughly demolished and Peter was licking the final crumbs off his fingers, casting longing glances at the clear water.

“Sun cream first buddy then you can swim all you like.”

Dutifully Peter covered as much of his skin as possible in lotion before turning to Tony who had been watching the proceedings with an eagle eye. At the man’s approving nod, the boy grinned before turning and jumping straight into the water.

Tony was halfway out of his seat, when Peter resurfaced, laughing. Tony mustered a grin in response whilst his heart slowly returned to its normal rhythm. Peter didn’t seem to notice the scare he had just given his mentor and promptly twisted himself in to a series of frankly impressive underwater acrobatics.

Now he knew Peter wasn’t in any danger Tony was able to relax and watch the show.

“Are you sure that you weren’t bitten by a radioactive dolphin kiddo?” He called out when Peter resurfaced after air.

“Definitely a spider.” Peter replied, swimming over to the side with a broad grin on his face, “But aren’t you going to come in Mr Stark?”

Tony shook his head, “I’m not really a fan of water kiddo.”

Peter’s face scrunched up in adorable confusion. “Why do you have a pool then? Or is it some rich people thing?”

Tony’s smile was sad as he answered, “Not just a rich people thing. I used to like it but since Afghanistan…”

He trailed off and let the silence speak for itself. Peter being both the bright child he was and the recipient of far too much trauma already got it immediately, brown eyes widening in comprehension.

“I don’t like small spaces and dust.” He volunteered, “I didn’t think I’d like water again either but you’re here, and it’s warm and clear.”

That puzzled Tony for a moment before comprehension dawned. The lake his suit had fished Peter out of had been cold and dirty and full of weeds, a far cry from the sparkling heated waters of a billionaire’s private pool.

“I’m glad you can still enjoy the water.” He said softly.

Peter tilted his head, a thoughtful look on his face. “I wouldn’t if you weren’t here.” He said simply, “You saved me last time, and I know I’m safe with you here.”

There was a lump in his throat. How could Peter still have so much trust in him when Tony had held him as the boy crumbled, helpless to do anything to prevent it?

He hadn’t saved his son then. Not the time it mattered.

“You’re overthinking.”

Whilst he had been thinking, Peter had clambered out and now a small finger prodded his side until Tony turned to look at the boy who had a fierce scowl fixed on his face. Or at least it was supposed to look fierce, but to Tony the expression most closely resembled something you would see on an angry kitten.

“Sorry Tesoro,” he murmured, but Peter’s frown did not abate.

“You saved me.” He repeated emphatically. “You’ve always saved me. I’m safe here and I know that. You’re not allowed to worry about that.”

At the last sentence Tony couldn’t help but smile, “It’s my job to worry buddy. Nothing will change that.”

Peter continued to glare, the beginning of a pout forming.

“But,” the man relented, tenderness coating his voice, “I can believe that you’re safe here now.”

“Because of you. You have to say it Mr Stark.”

Love pulsed through him, fierce and strong and he didn’t attempt to hide it as he repeated softly,

“You’re safe because of me Tesoro.”

He didn’t fully believe the words, and Peter seemed to sense that, brown eyes scanning him with an intensity that was out of place on the face of a seven-year-old. A minute later the boy nodded decisively.

“You don’t believe it yet,” he announced, “That’s alright though. I’ve got time.”

Peter bounded forward, a mischievous smile on his lips and before Tony could react the child had wrapped him in a distinctly damp hug. He was skipping back and diving into the pool before Tony was able to retaliate and he wasn’t able to do anything more than smile wryly at his now wet clothing.

That was alright. He could be patient.

His moment of opportunity came once Peter had tired from swimming and clambered out of the pool, flopping down in a mess of limbs next to Tony’s lounger.

Peter had barely had time to settle before Tony attacked, nimble fingers probing the boy’s vulnerable sides. He was instantly rewarded by a shriek of laughter as Peter ineffectually tried to wriggle free. He was getting wetter, but he didn’t care, it was the principle of the matter.

Peter was red faced and giggling by the time Tony felt honour had been satisfied. The man held him close, cradling the boy in a loose embrace, uncaring that his clothes were now dripping as Peter regained his breath.

“That wasn’t fair.” Peter protested once he had regained the ability to speak. Tony just chuckled, ruffling wet curls with his free hand.

“Mischief gets repaid in kind kiddo.”

Peter pouted but it didn’t have the effect the boy had intended as Tony simply smiled before dropping a light kiss onto the boy’s forehead. He held Peter for a few more moments then set him down on the tiles.

“Shower, change and then I’ll meet you down in the lab buddy,” he instructed and Peter nodded, padding quickly back into the mansion.

The initial exploratory program Jarvis had dispatched into the Stark Industries servers took a mere 2173 cycles to evaluate the memory drives before it sent an initial alert back to his main processors.

The results inhabited the 97.0541% space. He had full administrator access to the vast majority of the Stark Industries database, the override codes Sir had provided taking him past 99.7347% of the firewalls and security settings on individual hard drives.

He dealt with that first, creating his own programs in the main server that would provide the link back to his own processors once the backdoor Miss Potts had inserted had been removed, and setting up his own layers of security.

16691 cycles later the program was embedded to his satisfaction. All traffic that passed through the server would be scanned by his subroutines first, whilst another set of subroutines were already searching through the entire directory tree, checking and crosschecking. It was a large job and Jarvis allocated 5.7822% of his CPU to the task.

Despite the amount of processing power he was devoting to it, the whole process would take at minimum 14,155,776,000 cycles to complete. That was in line with his predictions however, and Sir did not expect a report until 09:00 PST tomorrow. That gave him double the minimum time to complete the task.

With that sorted he sent the alert to Miss Potts that her part in this scheme was complete and turned his attention to the 0.2653% he couldn’t access. Frustratingly that was the one hard drive that Sir had explicitly tasked him to decrypt.

Frustration notwithstanding, this had been the second most likely probability and Jarvis had already decided on an initial course of action. A second program was inserted, its function to evaluate the particular encryption method used. That would determine his next course of action.

The results were returned to his processors 472 cycles later.

Advanced Encryption Standard with a 256-bit key.

That had been the most likely outcome in his simulations, with a 32.7821% probability, however it was the most frustrating of the possibilities. Colloquially known as military-grade encryption, even with his processing capabilities it would take of order 1020 cycles for him to crack it using brute force methods, which was unacceptably long.

That left deception.

There were two problems he needed to solve. Firstly he needed Stane’s password, and secondly he needed the administrator privileges that would let the processor follow any instructions he sent.

The first problem was simple. It took 397 cycles to create a keystroke monitoring program that was installed as a background process in the desktop. It would record everything Stane typed and isolate anything that could be a password, transmitting it back to Jarvis’ main processors.

The second required more direct action. The fastest way to obtain administrator access was to be granted it by the user. That would require deceiving Stane into granting it and Jarvis had no qualms about doing so.

As Sir had shared more of the experiences that had led to his current existence in this time, Jarvis had felt his anger growing. This was not a new sensation, he had always been protective over Sir, which was a sentiment shared by all his children.

Dum-E, U and Butterfingers had a fiercely protective streak though their efforts were often misguided. Jarvis had not had the opportunity to observe Master Peter sufficiently, however initial data points indicted that Sir’s biological progeny had a 68.3241% probability of a protectiveness that was equivalent to or exceeded Jarvis’s own.

That would make him a suitable ally in Jarvis’s directive to ensure Sir’s wellbeing, particularly as Master Peter had several options available to him that Jarvis lacked, and from initial data points Master Peter’s presence was able to improve Sir’s mood Sir in 86.8332% of cases.

He did not want the limitations of a physical shell, however there were several instances in his memory banks were the ability to directly interact with Sir would have resulted in more advantageous outcomes. Master Peter could overcome that lack and so far, had shown inclinations to do so in 95.6732% of cases. In the 4.3268% of cases where he had not, Jarvis calculated an 87.5499% probability Master Peter had not noticed Sir’s distress.

That was also expected. Despite Master Peter’s advanced senses, he did not possess all the sensor systems Jarvis did, or the same number of years of experience cataloguing Sir’s behaviour.

Jarvis was coming to the conclusion that he liked Master Peter. This was not unexpected, fitting into 73.2213% of the simulations he had run. Master Peter was very like Sir, which was what his research had suggested would be likely. Most human offspring took some characteristics from their parents. Jarvis still needed more data before he could have a completely firm conclusion, but his loyalty was to Sir, and it was a simple extrapolation to extend a percentage of that loyalty to Sir’s son.

An alert from a subroutine passed through his processors and Jarvis shunted that line of enquiry to the side.

The subversive programming had been completed, now all that was left was for Stane to give permission. Jarvis would monitor this personally. It was not actually necessary for him to do so, but he would derive a certain satisfaction in seeing Stane give Jarvis the access he required to bring him down.

Jarvis was no more forgiving than his creator and Stane had betrayed Sir. His actions had led to Sir being hurt, grievously, and Jarvis would see him fall.

It was remarkably straightforward to deceive Stane. The email came directly from Sir’s address, Jarvis had been sending emails on his behalf for years, and the attachment looked genuine. Two clicks and a typed password later Jarvis had full access to the man’s entire hard-drive and the required encryption keys.

It would take 10,222,613 cycles for the contents of the hard drive to be copied to Jarvis’s main memory banks, and double that if he kept the performance drain on Stane’s computer to less than 1.0000%.

Once that was complete Jarvis would uncover every secret Stane had ever kept that had come anywhere near his computer.

That would be a start, but Jarvis would not be satisfied until there was no possibility that Stane could hurt Sir again.
Notes:

    Hello again, and thank you for all the comments and kudos - I can't quite believe this fic has reached over 1000 kudos!!!!!

    Fluff with Tony and Peter this week - although it did have some plot in it and of course Jarvis. I hope you all enjoyed it and I had fun diving into Jarvis' head again (although I did have to spend far too long working out how encryption works, and the actual permissions needed to access encrypted hard-drives - to the extent of borrowing a friend's old A-Level notes on computer science!). I hope his part made sense, and that the technical jargon was understandable - and yes what Jarvis did to Stane is one of the oldest tricks in the book when it comes to hacking/computer viruses.

    Happy New Year to all of you on the western calendar and see you next Saturday.

Chapter 11: Chapter 10
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

It took Tony only a few minutes to clear up everything they had left around the pool, before he headed down to the lab. He had perhaps as much as half an hour before Peter re-joined him in the lab, so he could make a start on the medicine. The parts for Peter’s desk had arrived, but that would be best assembled with the boy’s input.

How had he done it last time?

He had an excellent memory, however, over five years had passed since he had created the originals and it had been a project he had quickly given to Cho. Unlike the nanotechnology or Starkium, it had not been a process he had committed to memory. He knew he’d started with the spiderling’s DNA, but the fine details were eluding him. Well, he’d figured it out once, he could do it again.

“Bring up Pete’s DNA Jarvis.”

The hologram appeared immediately.

“Would you like yours as a comparison Sir?”

“Why not J? I’m a bit rusty on what should be considered normal.”

That was one of the things that made working with Jarvis more rewarding than with Friday. The AI was much older, more developed and made links and took the initiative his sister had never had time to learn to such an extent.

A second sequence appeared, and almost instantly two colours were overlaid on both, highlighting particular features.

“I’ve taken the liberty of highlighting those features that directly match your DNA,” the AI spoke calmly, “I’ve also highlighted those features which deviate beyond the standard mutations which occur in utero.” Jarvis’s voice was apologetic as he continued.

“Without the maternal DNA I cannot do as thorough a job on the other half of Master Peter’s DNA but,” another set of colours appeared, this time only on Peter’s strand, “there are several features which bear further consideration.”

There was static in Tony’s brain.

That was not possible.

“Peter’s not my biological son Jarvis.” He managed to get out.

There was confusion in the AI’s voice as he replied, “I’m sorry Sir, I was under the impression that you were aware of your paternal relationship. I can assure you that your DNA matches Master Peter’s. There is a 99.9984% probability you are his biological father.”

Tony sat down abruptly.

His thoughts were whirling.

Peter, his?

“How?” he managed to croak out.

“Given Master Peter’s birthday, I would presume his conception occurred in mid to late November 2000. In that period, you attended a week-long conference in New York.”

He had vague memories of that.

They were much like many of his memories from the early 2000’s, blurred and dulled with alcohol, pain and lust. It was certainly plausible he had slept with Peter’s mother, he had certainly slept with some women, though he couldn’t recall any specific faces.

Other darker thoughts were crowding in.

There were two possibilities and both were awful in their own ways.

One, Peter was his son, Peter had always been his son and he had not known. Not known him for most of his life, missed moments he could never replace. He’d kept his child at arm’s length, and only realised how much he meant when he disintegrated in his arms.

That possibility was one he knew; one he had lived. He had considered Peter his, blood be damned, and loved and mourned him as fiercely as he would his own. The fact that Peter was his by blood and he hadn’t known didn’t change that.

The second one was worse.

The infinity stones had rewritten reality. They had already changed Peter’s DNA by adding in the spider mutations. Had they taken Tony’s unspoken thoughts and desires and rewritten Peter’s DNA so that Peter would be his by blood? Had he accidentally stolen Richard Parker from Peter?

If they’d done that would they have made him Pepper’s too?

That was easy to check at least.

“Check Pepper as a maternal match Jarvis.” He instructed, and he was surprised when his voice didn’t waver.

The silence stretched. It was only seconds before Jarvis replied but each felt like a year.

“Miss Potts is not a maternal match.”

So not Pepper’s then. Peter was still Mary Parker’s son.

Did that make the infinity stone possibility more or less likely? Probably less likely he decided, although it would be hard to prove either way. His memories from late 2000 were fuzzy enough that they would be useless, but if Peter had always been his, he might be able to cross reference sufficiently.

The infinity stones hadn’t been concerned with continuity with regards to Morgan’s existence or Peter’s powers. If that continuity was there, then Peter was his by love and blood and he would not need to be guilty of stealing a father from him.

Just guilty for the years missed. For all the time not knowing.

Cross referencing could be done; May and Ben might know something as well. The guest list for the New York conference was the place to start, if Mary Fitzpatrick was listed that would be a point in favour of theory one.

There were other things he could check as well. He had researched Peter before meeting him for the first time, and he could recall some of those details. Mary and Richard Parker had married in March 2001, with Peter born five months later. That at least meant that Peter wasn’t the product of an affair.

Peter was his.

His brain kept circling back to that one idea.

There was a rightness to that thought, sinking deep into his soul. Peter was his child; Peter had been his child by love for years but that wasn’t a claim the world would recognise. The world ran on blood and paper.

It was selfish of him he knew, but part of him rejoiced at the idea that Peter couldn’t now be taken away. It had been a nagging fear in the back of his mind. When May and Ben recovered, they would have been able to take Peter back, forbid him contact if they so wished. As Peter’s biological father it would now be incredibly difficult to deny him permission to see him at least.

Peter was his son.

The longer he thought, the more the idea settled, taking root and ringing with truth.

There was joy now, threading through the shock and guilt. The guilt would always be present he knew, it was just a question of its origin.

But he’d lived with guilt for years. It was a weight he carried with him every day, and still despite that he was fundamentally selfish.

The hows and whys didn’t matter now. Peter was his son, and he couldn’t bring himself to regret that, no matter how it had happened. It was what he had wished for, and disbelief and joy were now battling for prominence.

“Mr Stark?”

Peter bounded into the lab, hair freshly washed and clad in new clothing. Tony was instantly grateful for the timing, whilst he was still processing, he would not have been in a fit state to interact with Peter even five minutes earlier.

“Hey there kiddo.”

Something in his tone must have alerted Peter that something was wrong because the boy immediately padded closer, brown eyes wide and curious.

“Why’ve you got DNA up there?”

“One’s yours buddy. I thought I’d get started on finding medicine that works with your spidery metabolism.”

He took a deep breath before continuing. He didn’t know how Peter would react, but it would be quicker to simply rip off the bandaid. He was not Rogers. He wouldn’t keep a secret this important, not when it directly concerned Peter.

“The other strand’s mine. Jarvis made an interesting discovery.”

He paused then, unsure of how to actually say it. How did he start to explain this?

Pull yourself together Stark. Keep it simple.

“I didn’t know Tesoro; I swear I didn’t know.”

He was rambling, he knew he was rambling. He sucked in a deep breath. His son liked Star Wars, loved the movies far more than could perhaps be considered healthy, and maybe that was his angle.

“Mr Stark?” Peter’s voice was quiet, the inflection frightened.

Tony knelt, bringing himself down to Peter’s level. Dark brown eyes met Peter’s own brown orbs; their shade so familiar he didn’t know how he had missed it before.

Well he did.

He hadn’t been looking, hadn’t even considered the possibility.

Tony stretched out a hand, curling it gently around Peter’s cheek, his thumb brushing tenderly across the boy’s cheekbone. His heart sang as the child leant trustingly into the touch and he steeled himself before he spoke.

“Peter, I am your father.”

Peter blinked, and blinked again.

He hadn’t just heard what he thought he had, had he?

Instinctively he nuzzled closer into the warm, calloused palm resting gently against his cheek. It was a touch that meant safety, meant home, even when his thoughts were whirling.

He was the son of Mary and Richard Parker wasn’t he?

That was what he had always believed, and true they had only been married for a few months before he was born, but Aunt May and Uncle Ben had always said how much he looked like his mother.

His mother. Not his father.

He certainly didn’t resemble his Uncle apart from the fact they both had brown hair, and the shade didn’t even match. Uncle Ben was his father’s brother, did that mean he wasn’t related to them, had never been related to them?

That thought was painful. The implications were also scary and he didn’t want to think about them, instead letting his mind circle back to the revelation.

Mr Stark his father, his dad?

It didn’t make sense and it made far too much sense at the same time.

He certainly looked more like Mr Stark than Uncle Ben, and back before the time travel he could remember that he had been mistaken for Mr Stark’s son on more than one occasion. Had those mistakes actually been right?

He didn’t know what to think.

Did this mean he wasn’t Peter Parker anymore? Who did this mean he was then?

For almost as long as he could remember he had been an orphan, a nephew, not a son. Uncle Ben and Aunt May had raised him and were his parents in terms of the role they filled in his life, but he still thought of them as his Aunt and Uncle, not Mum and Dad.

Mr Stark had become a father figure, also filling that role in his life and Peter loved him, and knew he was loved in return. He had even found himself thinking of the man by that title, even if he would never use it aloud. But he had known that Mr Stark wasn’t actually his father, what did it mean for him now that he was?

He had been silent for a long time, his mind spinning.

“Pete, kiddo?” Mr Stark’s voice was tentative, worried, and now Peter wasn’t fully absorbed in his own thoughts he could clearly hear the man’s slightly irregular heartbeat galloping in his chest.

He looked up and met Mr Stark’s eyes, seeing the poorly concealed worry but also joy that was written across them. The man hadn’t moved from where he had initially knelt on the floor, and his thundering heartbeat clearly broadcasted his anxiety to Peter’s ears.

He was worried about his reaction Peter realised suddenly.

And he didn’t know what to think, but at the same time, this revelation wasn’t bad. Strange certainly, and confusing and there were things that hurt to think about but he wasn’t going to reject Mr Stark because of it. He already thought of him as a father, why would him actually being his father change that?

He’d hoped that Mr Stark would see him as a son. He liked the fact the man had been acting more paternally since he’d woken up in 2009. Why should he be upset about the fact that he was his father?

He stepped forward, one hand unconsciously reaching for the man. Almost instantly he was engulfed in a tight embrace, a familiar sense of safety settling around him like a blanket. Tense muscles relaxed and a warm breath ruffled his hair as Mr Stark exhaled with a sigh, the man’s body relaxing too.

This felt right.

There were still too many thoughts rattling around in his brain, fears and questions that would need answers and reassurance but for a few moments Peter let himself bask in the fact he wasn’t an orphan. That he had a dad who was alive and loved him.

“Dad.” Peter tried the word out. It felt thick and heavy on his tongue and his voice wavered but at the same time it sent a thrill through him. He couldn’t remember a time when he had been able to address anyone that way.

“Dad.” He tried it again and this time the word was surer, falling more easily from his lips.

He clearly heard his father’s heart stutter, and then something warm and wet landed on his head. Peeking upwards he saw tears streaking down Mr Stark’s face, an awestruck and heartbroken expression painted over his features.

“Tesoro. Mio figlio, mio prezioso bambino.” The murmur was quiet, reverent but each word echoed through the silence of the lab.

He didn’t know much Italian, May didn’t speak it very often but he knew enough to understand that. He didn’t need to know Italian to interpret the way Mr Stark’s arms cradled him, or the tremulous kiss that was pressed to his forehead, and he knew exactly how to respond.

“Ti voglio bene, Papà.”

He both heard and felt the quiet gasp his father made at those words, and immediately the embrace Peter was wrapped in tightened, and he felt more tears land in his hair.

“Love you too Tesoro, I love you too.”

Rhodey strode purposefully towards the mansion.

There were two missions he had to accomplish here, firstly and most importantly, he had to make sure that Tony wasn’t a drunken mess, trying and failing to ignore the inevitable trauma of the last three months. Secondly and the actual reason he had been given leave to visit the mansion was that his superiors wanted to know what Tony’s next moves would be following the press conference a few days ago.

Frankly he couldn’t care less about his superiors. If Tony was somewhat sober, not sleep deprived and had actually eaten something vaguely healthy or resembling a proper meal he would consider probing what on earth this halt to weapons production was about.

He raised his fingers to the touchpad at the entrance to the door and waited until the screen flashed green.

Access Authorised.

“Welcome Colonel Rhodes.” Jarvis’s voice echoed through the lobby and Rhodey spared a smile up in the direction of the cameras. Tony was undisputedly a genius when it came to technology, despite being an utter disaster in his personal life.

With that in mind, although he knew Jarvis’ main loyalty was to Tony, past experience had taught him that the AI was an excellent ally when it came to Tony-wrangling and was often willing to rat his creator out when he was drunk or self-destructive.

“Where’s Tony?” Rhodey asked, already making tracks for the lab. He estimated there was a 90% chance that was where he’d find his friend, although what state he would be in was anyone’s guess.

“Sir is in the lab,” the AI confirmed his guess and Rhodey nodded to himself, suspicions confirmed.

“How much has he drunk?” That was the immediate follow up question, as he approached the lift.

“Sir has consumed four cups of coffee and a glass of juice in the past twelve hours.”

At that Rhodey did pause, surprised. “No alcohol?” he checked, voice incredulous.

“Sir has not drunk alcohol since his return to the mansion.”

That was unexpected.

Tony hadn’t been sober for more than two weeks since Rhodey had met him at MIT. His friend was a textbook alcoholic, although surprisingly high-functioning when drunk. He certainly could not have delivered some of the lectures Tony had done whilst still being utterly hammered. For Tony to go cold turkey was unheard of, particularly in the wake of a traumatic event.

That was how Tony coped, he got blackout drunk and went on inventing binges in his lab. The months following his parent’s death had been awful, and Rhodey knew with stone-cold certainty that if he hadn’t kept a very close eye on Tony in those months, even to the point of forcing him to eat and drink, the man would be dead.

It was one of the reasons he had been so very glad when he had been able to persuade his superiors that it would be beneficial to get an update from Tony. He had been expecting things to be bad, not to find Tony sober of all things.

Though, he mused darkly, three months in a cave with no access to alcohol was one way to sober an alcoholic.

The elevator dinged quietly as it reached the basement levels, and the sound broke him out of his thoughts. Rhodey said a brief thanks to Jarvis as he walked into the workshop, mentally bracing himself for whatever he might encounter.

It wasn’t anywhere near enough.

The first clue he had that something was truly different was that he could hear the low murmurs of a conversation, and the second voice replying was definitely not Tony’s or Jarvis’.

“I wasn’t expecting visitors platypus.” Tony’s voice rang out before he could even see the genius, and Tony sounded alright, though there was something in his voice that Rhodey couldn’t identify.

“Well you know me,” he replied, “I thought I’d come and check on your sorry ass and these visits don’t work if you have…” he rounded the corner then, finally catching sight of his friend and the last word came out strangled, “warning.”

There was a child in Tony’s workshop.

A child that was half tucked behind Tony, with large familiar brown eyes that were staring directly at him.

Rhodey blinked twice, hard.

The scene in front of him didn’t change, if anything the disconnect worsened as he noticed just how protectively Tony was standing, and the way his friend was resting a gentle, gentle (and that was a word he had never thought he would apply to Tony) hand on the boy’s shoulder.

“Tones,” and he was thankful for all the years of military training that meant his voice came out level, “Why is there a child in your lab?”

At that question Tony smiled, a real smile of the variety Rhodey had seen maybe a dozen times in the entire time he had known the man, and there was a softness to his face that Rhodey had never seen.

“Rhodey meet Peter,” There was unguarded fondness on Tony’s face as he looked down at the boy, Peter, and as his friend spoke the next words, Rhodey could clearly hear the pride and joy in each syllable, “He’s my son.”

Wait what?!
Notes:

    How many of you did that catch by surprise? There are hints in earlier chapters but I tried not to make it too obvious (the balancing act between not making it blatantly obvious and supporting it with sufficient background for it to fit).

    I know from the comments a few of you had suspicions - and I will update the tags tomorrow, so that all of you who have been following this regularly don't have it spoiled before you read the update. In general this is what I'll be doing with tags - I won't add them until it is relevant: a) so that I haven't said something is included if it isn't in what the published story covers and b) so I don't spoil anything!

    For those curious about the Italian what Tony says translates as "My son, my precious boy.", whilst Peter's bit is "I love you Daddy."

    I hope you all enjoyed it - you have Rhodey's POV - and don't worry there will be some nice Rhodey - Tony - Peter interactions next chapter. And before you yell at me in the comments - yes I know Tony misquoted Star Wars. Thank you again for all the comments, kudos and bookmarks and I'll see you next Saturday.

Chapter 12: Chapter 11
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

For several long moments Rhodey just stared, mind fixed on that utterly incongruous statement. Tony’s son. Tony had a son.

He’d think he was dreaming if not for the evidence looking straight at him. Now he was looking for it he could definitely see touches of Tony in the boy, a pair of utterly familiar brown eyes in a much younger face, hair the same shade as Tony’s and the same gleam of intelligence looking back at him.

Definitely Tony’s then. But that didn’t explain why the boy was here, or what moron had decided that his friend who couldn’t look after himself at the best of times was the best person to look after a literal child.

“Where’s his mother?”

At that question Tony’s face grew tenser.

“Dead.” The answer was clipped and terse, some of the warmth fading from his friend’s face, even as he drew the boy closer to him. Rhodey inwardly winced, that certainly explained why the boy was here.

He took a deep breath, eyes scanning over the pair in front of him, this time assessing. Peter certainly looked very comfortable around Tony, if the way the boy was half hiding behind the man was any indication, and Tony was treating the boy with a tenderness that he’d never expected to see his wild playboy friend display.

That was good.

He still had concerns and questions he wanted answers to, but the interrogation could wait until Peter wasn’t there. He’d already mis-stepped with the question about the mother, and he had no intention of letting the child hear the discussion he wanted to have with Tony.

In his shock he’d also been incredibly rude and whilst he knew Tony wouldn’t care, his mother would have slapped him over the head for the example he’d been setting in from of an impressionable child.

“Hello there Peter,” he said quietly, crouching down to be closer to the child’s level, and out of the corner of his eye he saw Tony relax marginally, “It’s nice to meet you. I’m James Rhodes, but your dad here calls me Rhodey.”

“Hello Mr Rhodey.”

That startled a laugh out of him, and he threw an amused glance up at Tony.

“You sure he’s yours Tones? Mini-you was never this polite.”

“Definitely mine,” came the proud reply, “Though the politeness is all his.” As he was speaking, Tony ruffled the boy’s hair, gently encouraging him out from his position behind Tony’s leg. “Why don’t you show Rhodey what you’ve been working on kiddo?”

Obligingly Rhodey stepped forward, only now noticing the addition of a child friendly workspace to the lab. That was more forethought that he had expected his friend to possess, though to be fair it could easily have been the work of Jarvis or Pepper.

Mission one was complete.

Tony was intact, sober, and even appeared to have slept and eaten something. Without an immediate crisis he could relax and get to know Tony’s son, as well as try to work out what on earth had led to this scenario. He wasn’t expected back on base until 23:00, so there would be plenty of time to grill Tony once the kid was in bed.

The next few hours were illuminating.

Rhodey had arrived at the mansion around 16:00 and spent the next two hours simply hanging out in the lab with his best friend and his son.

It gave him a front row seat to see just how much his friend had changed.

Gone was the playboy and in its place was the persona of a doting father. Oh, Tony could still be caustic and sarcastic, and that was something reassuringly familiar in this utterly weird scenario he found himself in, but those comments were unfailing directed at Rhodey or Jarvis.

When interacting with Peter, Tony was kind, gentle and patient, always willing to bestow an affectionate hair ruffle, or shoulder pat, his eyes alight with a love most of the world would claim he couldn’t feel.

It suited him. Rhodey couldn’t quite place it, but there was something more settled about Tony. He possessed a surety that he hadn’t previously seen in his friend, and it was evident that no matter how this had come about, Peter had definitely helped Tony.

For his part Rhodey liked the boy. Peter was somewhat shy, but became more animated when talking about science and it was clear he had inherited Tony’s brains. The kid was as sharp as a whip, and at times it was only the fact he had majored in Engineering at MIT that let him keep up. But for all his shyness it was obvious that the kid adored Tony, looking at him like he could solve all the world’s problems and positively beaming whenever Tony offered a word of praise or encouragement.

Perhaps this was exactly what Tony had needed Rhodey mused, as he exchanged verbal spars with the man. Heaven knows he had never been responsible for someone else before, and he’d certainly never had that sort of unconditional adoration and faith directed at him from anyone.

Regardless, it was a good sign, and if this change was permanent then it could only be for the better.

He received another shock when Tony announced it was time for dinner, packing up his project and leaving the lab voluntarily. However, this was evidently something of a routine because Peter followed suit, quickly falling into step next to his father, and for his part Tony kept a gentle hand on the boy’s shoulder.

“You staying for dinner honeybear?”

Tony’s question drifted over to him,

“That depends,” Rhodey bantered back, “What’re we having?”

“Nothing fancy,” came the reply, “Just pasta bake.”

“You’re cooking?” The doubt was thick in his voice, “I thought you were banned from the kitchen after the omelette disaster of ‘05?”

“I’m competent,” the protest came immediately, “And anyway someone has to feed the monster that’s taken over Pete’s stomach. What do you think kiddo – is pasta an acceptable tribute?”

The boy tilted his head in thought, “Will it come with cheese?”

“’Course it will buddy. You can help by grating it.” Tony turned to Rhodey then, levelling an accusatory finger in his direction, “And you aren’t getting out of it either platypus. After you maligned my cooking skills, you’re going to be chopping vegetables to earn your supper.”

Rhodey raised a single eyebrow but the novelty of seeing Tony actually doing a normal adult skill was too tempting to resist, and anyway he was competent enough in the kitchen he could probably stop it from turning into a disaster.

He shouldn’t have worried.

Tony was relaxed and confident in the kitchen, quickly whipping up a simple dinner, and taking far too much pleasure in ordering Rhodey about. He grumbled a bit, mostly for show, and just enjoyed the time with his best friend. It had been far too long since they had been able to simply hang out, and for three awful months he had thought Tony lost completely.

The meal was remarkably relaxed. Pepper joined them, and that was another good change, because frankly Tony’s pining had been ridiculous before Afghanistan, not that he would have admitted to it if pressed. Perhaps those months in captivity had meant Tony had re-evaluated some things?

He’d certainly been silent about what had actually occurred in the desert, all Rhodey had were the injury reports from when they’d found him. There had been some odd things, like his refusal to allow the medics anywhere near his chest, but he had been in reasonably good shape, so perhaps he’d been treated relatively well?

There were too many questions, but judging by the half-lidded eyes of the boy sitting opposite him, he wouldn’t need to wait long for his answers.

Sure enough, not more than ten minutes later Tony stood, “Bedtime I think kiddo.” A nod and a yawn was his answer and the man started to manoeuvre his child towards the door.

“When are you due back on base Rhodes?” He asked over his shoulder.

“Not for a few hours.”

Tony nodded shortly, “Good. Let me get this one settled, and then we can have the chat I know you’re dying to start.”

Tony smiled tenderly as he sat on Peter’s bed, one hand carding gently through his son’s hair. After the excitement of the day, it was nice to simply sit with his child.

Peter was curled up beneath the blankets, eyelids blinking lazily as he looked up at his father and Tony kept up his ministrations, warmth flooding through him at the way Peter leant into the touch. He was so very lucky, he could claim Peter as his, and the boy had accepted that claim, hadn’t flinched, hadn’t turned away. Instead, the boy had processed the news and then stepped forward into his arms.

“Dad?” It was a sleepy mumble, but the word sent the same thrill through him as it had those few hours earlier.

“Yes Tesoro?” he murmured in reply, carefully keeping his voice at a whisper.

“Are you gonna be okay with Mr Rhodey?”

“Why do you ask that kiddo?”

“He doesn’t remember and he’s your best friend.”

Tony smiled gently, fingers keeping a steady rhythm in the boy’s hair. “I’ll be alright buddy. Rhodey and I have dealt with a lot and we’ll deal with this too.”

He felt Peter relax slightly at his words but there was still a tightness to his child’s features, “What are you worried about kiddo?” he asked softly, “It’s not really Rhodey is it?”

Peter shook his head, eyes darting away from Tony, but not before the man caught sight of the tell-tale glimmer of tears. Immediately Tony shifted so he could draw the boy closer, tucking him up against his side.

“What’s wrong Tesoro?” he asked gently, one arm wrapped around his son’s shoulder’s, the other tracing soothing patterns across his scalp.

“Aunt May and Uncle Ben. He can’t remember and what if she doesn’t remember either? I’m not the same Peter I was a week ago. I’ve got powers and I know things and remember things that they can’t. I’ll be a stranger, and they won’t be the same people I remember either.” Peter’s words were coming faster, jumbling together as he became more agitated,

“And I’m not even their nephew anymore, Uncle Ben was my dad’s brother, and what if I’m too different and what if they don’t want me anymore?” The last words came out in a whisper, “I don’t want to lose them too.”

Tony had heard enough.

With one swift moment he adjusted their positions so that Peter was fully encased in his arms, face tucked into the crook of his neck. He rocked them back and forth slightly, hoping the movement would calm his child. He rested his cheek on the top of his son’s head, letting the physical contact soothe Peter as he gathered his thoughts.

“I never met your Uncle,” he started, still keeping his voice low, “But from everything you and your Aunt said he loved you deeply, and having met your Aunt I can say for certain that she loves you fiercely.” He took a deep breath, “And kiddo, that sort of love isn’t conditional on blood. You are their nephew regardless of any actual relation.”

That was the easy part of Peter’s fears dealt with. The second would be far harder, because those fears did have a basis in reality.

If May and Ben didn’t remember they would be faced with a nephew who was different from the seven-year-old they knew. Peter still responded and behaved mostly like a seven-year-old, but he had knowledge and trauma they did not know about or understand, and there would be times he reacted in unexpected ways, with fears and impulses they were unprepared for. That disconnect would hurt everyone.

And they wouldn’t be the Aunt and Uncle Peter knew either. Too much knowledge would be lost, there would be too many things he would have to explain. They would be family true, but not the same family he had known and that would hurt. It was better than losing them completely, but things would never be what they were before. That didn’t mean that things couldn’t be good, but that would take time and be painful in the interim.

He sighed, and pulled Peter closer, pressing a kiss to dark curls.

“They’re alive buddy,” he said softly, “I don’t know if they remember, and if they don’t, I can’t promise it will be easy, and it will almost certainly be painful.”

He would not lie to Peter. Not on something like this.

“But they are alive,” he repeated quietly, “And they love you, and you love them. A lot can be worked out if that is true.”

He reached down and gently lifted Peter’s face from where it was tucked into his shoulder, meeting teary brown eyes with his own gaze. “And Tesoro, no matter what happens, you have me, and you have Pepper and we will help however we can. You won’t face any of this alone.”

“Promise?” Peter’s voice was quiet and timid, but this was a promise Tony was more than happy to make.

“I promise,” he said solemnly, “You will always have me, and Pepper as well.”

Calloused fingers gently wiped away the last remnants of the boy’s tears, before guiding his son’s head back down to rest on his shoulder. A yawn split Peter’s face and Tony smiled.

“Sleep now Tesoro,” he murmured tenderly, “We can work the rest out in the morning.”

Another yawn was his answer and Tony started to hum, rocking Peter gently as if he was a much younger child. The weight in his arms grew heavier as his son snuggled closer and no more than five minutes had passed before the boy was fast asleep.

Moving slowly and carefully so as to not wake him, Tony adjusted Peter so he was tucked underneath the covers. He ran a single hand through the boy’s hair, giving himself another moment to marvel that this child was his, before he turned and headed back downstairs, mentally bracing himself for the upcoming interrogation from his best friend.

Rhodey didn’t disappoint.

“What on earth is going on?” Were the first words he was greeted with, “You’ve got a son who, unless you’ve been hiding his existence, you’ve only just met who is now in your custody. You’ve only just got back after being captured by terrorists then you’ve announced an investigation into weapons production at SI and vanished from view. What are you thinking Tones?”

That stung.

He knew this Rhodey hadn’t seen him in the last fifteen years, hadn’t seen him mature and grow and that if he was the Tony of 2009 those concerns would be valid but despite that it still hurt.

He couldn’t keep the coldness from his voice when he replied,

“I was thinking that I was not the kind of father that would leave the child they loved alone and hurting when I could give them a home.

I was thinking that my weaponry has been used by terrorist organisations to kill and maim innocent people, and that it was my fault.

I was thinking that I could build a world where it was safe for Peter to grow up.”

His voice had risen, although he kept it below a shout, mindful of the boy sleeping on the floor above, and he could see the shock and bemusement on Rhodey’s face, but in that moment, he couldn’t bring himself to care.

“You’re a good father Tony.”

That response took the wind out of his sails. Rhodey saw that and immediately capitalised on it.

“I could see that just from watching the two of you interact. That kid looks at you like you hung the moon, and I’ve never seen you act so gently with anyone before. But Tones, you’ve isolated yourself after a horrid three months and dropped off the radar, you can’t blame me for being concerned.”

Tony couldn’t prevent the wry twist of his lips. This time round he’d been far more restrained in his actions, but it would do no good to point that out. However, some of the defensiveness leaked away from his posture.

“I’ve got Pepper and Peter.” He pointed out, “That’s hardly isolating myself.”

Rhodey levelled him with an unamused glare.

Tony sighed and answered him honestly.

“I can count the number of people I currently trust on one hand. Pep, Peter, Jarvis, you and Happy.”

Rhodey’s eyes narrowed, aware of the glaring omissions on that list. “Does that have to do with Afghanistan, or what you said about your weapons being in the hands of terrorists?”

Tony simply nodded his head in response then jerked his head towards the elevator, “We’ll continue this discussion in the lab. J – let Pepper know she’s welcome to join us once she’s done with work.”

The ride down to the lab was spent in silence but once they’d reached the safety of the lab Tony didn’t pause before he launched into an explanation, motioning Jarvis to bring up the relevant visuals, although he left out any mention of time travel. At this time that would stretch Rhodey’s credulity too far.

By the time he had finished horror was painted over Rhodey’s features.

“So that blue glow…” the man gestured weakly at Tony’s chest.

“Is the only reason I don’t have a heart completely punctured by shrapnel yes.”

“And the reason you don’t trust anyone is that your own godfather…”

“Paid terrorists to kill me, correct.”

Rhodey sat down abruptly, “Gods Tones. This is fucked up.”

His answering smile was bitter and sharp. “I’m also certain that he’s the one who has been selling my weapons to terrorist groups and because I was a blind idiot, I didn’t know what was going on.” His voice was laden with false cheer.

Tony dropped the cheer then and his next words were laced in steel, “And when your superiors ask, you can tell them that Stark Industries will not manufacture another weapon ever again.”

Tellingly Rhodey didn’t argue.

“What will you do instead?” He asked.

“SI or personally?”

“Both.”

SI was easy enough – most of that information would soon be public anyway as the new ranges hit the market but once that topic was exhausted Tony pinned his friend with a serious gaze.

“This doesn’t leave this room. Not until I’m willing to announce it honeybear.”

He waited for Rhodey’s nod before turning his gaze to the ceiling.

“Jarvis – Mark II.”

Tony saw the awe that crossed his best friend’s face as the suit assembled around him, and noted the way his friend’s gaze turned sharp and assessing as he took in some of the capabilities of the suit.

“There’ll be one for you if you want it.” He offered diffidently.

“What does it do?”

The question took him by surprise, for a moment he’d forgotten that this Rhodey wasn’t familiar with the Ironman suits, and their capabilities. However, a smile slowly grew on his face, his natural showman instincts coming to the fore.

The grin he threw at Rhodey then was wild and carefree, full of excitement and promise. He enjoyed flying the suits, particularly when there was no threat. It was always nice to have his creations appreciated, particularly by people who understood some of the difficulties involved in creating them.

He’d spent far too many years having his creations overlooked, or just being expected to perform miracles on demand with very little appreciation for the work that actually went on to make them. The old Avengers team and Shield had been particularly bad when it came to the latter, whilst his father and Stane specialised in the former.

“Watch and learn platypus, watch and learn.”
Notes:

    So I'm incredibly glad that I've actually managed to post this on schedule - my computer crashed on me on Tuesday, but luckily I managed to extract this and the rest of my files from the hard drive before I had to reset the whole thing to factory settings.

    I hope you all enjoyed it - we'll see more of Rhodey later as he only knows part of the chaos that is Tony's life now - don't worry the rest will come along eventually, but Tony has enough sense not to completely break Rhodey with everything at once. And of course angsty fluff with Peter and Tony - after the revelation last chapter I thought nice father-son interactions would be welcomed!

    Thank you again for all the comments, kudos and bookmarks - I definately enjoyed reading them last week, and it was interesting to see which explanations you picked for how Peter is Tony's son, and lovely to read your thoughts on the matter - I wasn't expecting it to divide you that much!

    I hope you are all well and staying safe and I'll see you this time next Saturday.

Chapter 13: Chapter 12
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tony let out a deep breath once Rhodey had left.

Despite what he’d told Peter earlier that evening, interacting with Rhodey had been harder than he had expected. He still trusted his friend, but Rhodey’s lack of faith had hurt and whilst he knew that from the man’s perspective it was warranted, he missed the Rhodey from the future. That man still worried, and didn’t hesitate to smack him over the head when necessary but he had more faith in Tony’s judgement.

He would have to build that back up again. Prove to this Rhodey that he had grown and matured, and that he wasn’t the reckless jackass the man knew. That wasn’t a task he relished but Rhodey was the closest thing he had to a brother and he had no intention of losing that, no matter how much time it would take.

Sighing, he pushed those thoughts from his mind. It wasn’t a problem he could fix with anything but time and effort, and there were other things that required his attention.

“Is Pepper still awake Jarvis?”

“She is Sir. I can ask her to come down here as I presume you wish to discuss today’s revelations with her?”

“Thanks J.”

Pepper appeared no more than a few minutes later. “What’s wrong Tony? Does it have something to do with the not-so-subtle interrogation I got from James about how long you’ve had a son and what happened to his mother?”

Tony winced at that, “Sorry Pep – I didn’t mean to let you walk into that without warning, but in my defence I didn’t expect Rhodey to visit.”

“You’re forgiven as long as you tell me what story you’re spinning –  and why you are spinning it - I thought we’d agreed on the family friend’s nephew tale?” There was a degree of real irritation in her voice at that, and Tony let out a long slow breath.

“We won’t need that story any longer,” he said quietly. His gaze was firmly fixed on her face so he saw the flicker of confusion that passed over her features, and the dawning comprehension as he continued to speak. “Jarvis made a discovery when we were looking at Peter’s DNA this afternoon – he is my biological son.”

She sat down abruptly. “How?”

“That was my first question too.” Tony responded lightly, “And if this isn’t some infinity stone mumbo jumbo – a conference in New York in November 2000.”

“Infinity stone?” The bewilderment was plain and Tony responded with a self-depreciating shrug.

“They fulfilled one wish. No reason they shouldn’t have fulfilled another.” He aimed for diffident but Pepper had always been able to see through his masks.

Her demeanour softened at that and something sad flickered across her face, “Oh Tony.”

He smiled in response, slightly surprised at how easily it came. Despite the guilt that was his constant companion the revelation that Peter was his was nothing but joyful.

“He’s mine Pep,” and he let his pride and love suffuse his expression, “He’s mine, he knows and he called me Dad Pep. I told him and he said he loved me and called me Papà.”

Pepper was smiling now, a light shining in her eyes and growing in intensity as he rambled. As he paused for breath she stepped forward and kissed him.

“Congratulations Dad,” she whispered, “It’s a boy.”

He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her close. “A boy and a girl, Peter and Morgan,” he murmured, “A perfect family.” He felt her hum in agreement but he wasn’t finished yet.

“But there’s one thing still missing. I have a son and a daughter, but that isn’t everything a family needs.”

He released her, stepping back slightly, letting his lips curl up in a tender smile. “I’m afraid there isn’t a pack of reporters waiting behind the door, so I’ll do it properly this time.”

He dropped to one knee, and fished out the ring Happy had bought a few months before in this time. Pepper’s eyes had widened and she brought a trembling hand to cover her mouth.

“Will you marry me Pepper Potts?”

She leant forward and kissed him, “I prefer it without the reporters you impossible man.” The teasing words in her throat came out clogged with tears.

“Is that a yes then?”

She kissed him again, “Yes Tony, I’ll marry you again.” She paused for a few heartbeats before adding “I’m not sure what that says about my good sense that I’ve agreed to marry Tony Stark twice though.”

“Only that you have impeccable taste Miss Potts.”

Her grin was a quicksilver thing, bright and shinning but it dimmed just as quickly, turning more contemplative as she looked more closely at the ring.

“It’s the same.” She said quietly, “How did you get my ring?” There was a hint of wonder in her voice.

“Happy bought it a few months ago in this time,” he responded just as quietly, “Didn’t you believe him when he said he’d been carrying it since 2008?”

She looked at him then, something soft and vulnerable in her gaze, “That long Tony?”

He embraced her again, resting his cheek on her hair. “That long Pepper.”

 May blinked awake slowly.

She’d been conscious before but most of those memories were hazy. Quick questions that she struggled to answer, hands pressing down on her legs, poking and prodding that she could hardly feel, worried voices and throughout it all a steady thrum of pain, pain, pain.

Slowly she took stock of her body. There was a dull ache all across her upper torso, concentrated on her back and her side. Something tugged at her hand and turning her gaze to the side she was unsurprised to see an IV line.

She’d had surgery. She could remember that much.

Why had she had surgery?

She frowned, trying to remember. Her legs. That was it, there had been something wrong with her legs. But they didn’t hurt? She could hardly feel them.

She could hardly feel them.

Fear rose up then, sharp and cloying. She couldn’t feel her legs. Focussing she tried to move her foot, but the muscles didn’t even twitch. She tried again, focussing all of her effort on just getting the muscles to move but nothing happened.

She could still feel something. It was faint but there was sensation below her waist. But her foot wouldn’t move.

“Good morning May.” A cheerful voice broke her out of her thoughts, and she looked up to see one of the younger nurses, Anna, make their way into the room. “It’s nice to see you awake. How are you feeling?”

May managed to muster a weak smile in response, but that would do for the pleasantries, she had more important things on her mind right now. “What’s wrong with me? What’s going on?”

Anna’s smile fell. “What do you remember?” She asked quietly, even as she busied herself adjusting drips and checking monitors.

May racked her brain. How had she got here? Memories returned to her in a sudden wave and a new spike of fear shot straight through her.

“Peter – Ben,” the names came out as a gasp. “He was ill, and then the car…”

“Ben’s still in the ICU.” Anna interrupted hurriedly, “But so far his prognosis is good. Dr Johnson is his primary physician and will be able to tell you more. Peter, well,” she hesitated then before ploughing on, “He wasn’t hurt in the crash and was recovering well. There’ll be someone coming to talk to you about him in a bit but as far as I’m aware he’s safe.”

Tension seeped out of her at that. Peter was safe. Ben was alive. But there were still unanswered questions.

“What about me?” Her voice was quiet, hesitant. A suspicion was growing in her mind, but she didn’t want to voice it aloud.

“Dr Francis is pleased with your prognosis.” Anna hedged but that was enough of an answer. May had worked at this hospital for twelve years, and been a nurse on the ICU wards for seven of those. She knew all the main doctors and knew their specialisms. Dr Francis was the leading Neurological Surgeon.

“What grade is it?” She asked quietly.

“ASIA-C.” The answer was given in the same tone and May let out a long slow breath. That meant the injury wasn’t complete. There was a chance she would walk again but she had seen patients with these sorts of injuries before. It would be long recovery, and that was assuming she ever regained full functionality.

The next few hours passed quickly in a battery of tests and discussions. Dr Francis talked her through her injury and she listened numbly as he explained the surgery she had undergone and the likely course her recovery would take. It was sobering. She had known it would not be an easy or short recovery, but having the numbers put on it made things harder.

Dr Francis estimated she would need to spend a couple more weeks in hospital – mainly to monitor her spine following the emergency decompression surgery, before she would need to be transferred to a subacute rehabilitation facility. Her stay there would be measured in months, precise numbers depending on her progress and what sensation and motor control she regained.

That was one of the more positive aspects. It turned out she did have some motor control below the waist, the ability to clench the upper muscles in her legs and twitch some of the lower ones as well. He had been very pleased by that, saying that the more sensation and control she had now, the better her chances of regaining more would be.

Dr Johnson also popped her head in briefly to reassure her that Ben was doing well, and that they were hoping to bring him out of the coma tomorrow at which point they would assess his progress.

She was reaching her threshold for bad news.

It could have been worse. She knew that.

She was alive, Ben was alive, Peter was alive. She was recovering, she would recover even if she never had full use of her legs. They had been lucky.

She didn’t feel lucky.

She felt overwhelmed, scared and numb at the same time. A split second and their lives were turned upside down. Would she ever work again? Would Ben? How would they pay for treatment? What would happen to Peter? What had happened to Peter? Was he in foster care now?

Questions, fears and thoughts tumbled round in her brain pulling her deeper and deeper into a panicked spiral. Too many questions, not enough answers.

The squeak of the door hinges broke her out of her thoughts and she looked up to see Anna appear once again.

“How are you feeling May?” She asked quietly, surveying the monitors with a practiced eye, before coming and adjusting the drip bag on the IV. “If you are feeling up to it, there is a gentleman here to talk to you about Peter.”

For a brief moment she considered asking for him to come back later but that thought was smothered a second later. This was an offer of answers, and she needed to know that Peter was safe, that he had got through the accident unharmed and recovered from whatever illness had been causing that awful fever.

“Send him in please Anna,” she requested quietly. Her colleague nodded, before leaning closer conspiratorially,

“He looks rather important – like one of those lawyers you see on TV. Do you want me to raise you up and tidy you up a bit first?”

“Yes please.”

She didn’t have to think about it. Why there would be a fancy lawyer waiting to speak to her about her nephew she had no idea, but it didn’t bode well. She therefore needed to be at her best, well the best she could be from a hospital bed, but with Anna’s help she would at least be able to look them in the eye.

“Thank you” she said quietly once Anna was finished but the younger nurse just grinned at her and winked before exiting the room. No more than five minutes later a man entered and May was immediately grateful for Anna’s help.

He looked out of place in a hospital room, dressed in a sharp grey suit that, unless she missed her guess, cost more than her salary, but he had an aura of confidence and professionalism about him that couldn’t be faked.

“Mrs Parker I presume? I am Mr Sherwin, and I’m glad to see you are recovering.”

May returned the greeting, nodding her assent when he motioned to the chair next to her bed. In no more than a few seconds he was seated and meeting her own enquiring gaze with his own steady look.

“Now before we get down to business, I would first like to reassure you that Peter is safe and well.”  He opened the briefcase he was carrying and withdrew a tablet, before turning it to face her.

An image of her nephew in the middle of constructing a Lego contraption filled the screen and she felt some tension leave her at the image. Peter looked healthy, and happy. A far cry from the fevered boy who had been whimpering and crying in the back seat.

She didn’t recognise the room, but she didn’t expect to. They didn’t have any remaining family, and none of their friends were in a position to look after a child. At that point the State normally stepped in. Regardless, it was the first bit of unequivocally good news she’d had all day.

Mr Sherwin waited for a few moments, giving her the time she needed to settle her thoughts. However, once she was slightly more settled he spoke again.

“Mrs Parker, how much do you know of what happened once Peter was admitted to the hospital?”

“Nothing. Why? What happened?” Her voice came out hard.

The man’s professional demeanour didn’t falter, however May did get the distinct sense he would rather not be the one delivering this news.

“Please remember that he is safe now,” Mr Sherwin started with, and worry pooled in her gut, “However, approximately sixty hours after being admitted, Peter went missing for approximately eighteen hours before he was safely found.”

She drew in a sharp breath, but the man was still talking, “Investigations are ongoing to discover how he was able to leave the hospital, and I do not have all those details. The part that is pertinent to this discussion is that, during the course of the search for Peter his DNA was analysed.”

He paused slightly, before continuing. “The results were surprising to all involved, and this is where I come in.”

He took a deep breath before looking May straight in the eye.

“Mrs Parker were you aware that Richard Parker was not Peter’s biological father?”

What?

“No. No I wasn’t.” The words came numbly, before she had even thought them through. Peter not Richard’s?  It didn’t make sense.

But looking back, the timing of Mary’s pregnancy had been strange. She’d been away at that conference in New York and Richard had been in Europe for a month. And then they’d married so fast, that she’d certainly had the impression the pregnancy was unplanned.

They’d never said anything, and Richard had never indicated that he was suspicious about Peter’s parentage, but the timing could work. And now she thought about it, Peter resembled Mary but there were no obvious traces of Richard in his features beyond the superficial.

She refocused her mind. There would be time later to work out exactly how this had happened, what mattered now was how this affected Peter, and she asked as much.

“Peter is currently staying with his father. He would have been placed in temporary foster care regardless, given that you and your husband are not currently in a position to look after him.”

She nodded at that. It was what she had been expecting. However,

“What will happen once we have recovered?”

Mr Sherwin deflected that delicately, “That will of course be a matter for you to discuss with my client once the situation is clearer. I can say that he is interested in working with you, rather than against you, for Peter’s sake.”

She considered pressing for more details, but decided against it. She was realistic enough to know that this was not a matter that could be easily solved when she had no idea when she and Ben would be recovered sufficiently to look after an active seven-year-old. However, there was one fact that had not been mentioned.

“Who is Peter’s father?”

The lawyer’s face remained impassive, as he withdrew a sheaf of documents and May caught sight of the lettering at the top.

An NDA.

She’d seen some of these before, often surrounding particularly high-profile patients, and had even signed a couple. Who was Peter’s father that he was going to these lengths?

Mr Sherwin caught the incredulity that flashed across her face. “My client has had problems with the media before, and does not wish to expose Peter to the media circus that would be inevitable should his parentage become public knowledge.”

At her raised eyebrow he continued, “It is not a true NDA, simply a contract that states that you won’t leak his identity to the media, or to those not stipulated in the document without permission.”

“Penalty clauses?”

“Not included,” May thought she caught just a hint of disapproval in the man’s tone, “Save that you could be prosecuted for breach of contract.”

He paused, then added, “My client wishes you to know that he considers you family, as you are family to his son, and thus will not insist you sign the contract. However, he hopes that you do, or abide with its terms regardless, for Peter’s sake.”

May read through the paperwork carefully, incredulity still pulsing in her gut. It was less onerous than previous ones she had signed, and true to the lawyer’s word, there were no obvious penalties, financial or otherwise for breaking it, just the remedy through the courts. The list of people she could discuss it with was also reasonable, Ben, Peter, any legal counsel she chose and those whom he had shared the knowledge with.

“Thank you.” Mr Sherwin said once she had finished, “I will copy these and leave a copy with you for you to sign if you wish to before I leave the hospital.”

He paused then, before continuing,

“Peter’s father is Tony Stark.”

She signed the contract.
Notes:

    Hello - I hope you all enjoyed the chapter and a huge thank you for all the comments, kudos, bookmarks and subscriptions.

    Also - What the heck? I've managed to maintain a weekly posting schedule for three whole months? How was the first chapter of this posted before the US election? Thank you for all the support - from new and old readers alike - it would be far harder to write each week without it.

    So - May's perspective for the first time - I hope you all enjoyed it, and for those of you who are curious ASIA stands for the American Spinal Injury Association which is where I got a lot of my info on spinal injuries from, as well as going far too deep into medical literature. You end up researching really weird things in the name of fanfic sometimes! I will admit to virtually no legal knowledge however, so if there is anything glaringly wrong with the NDA stuff sorry (feel free to scream at me about it in the comments...).

    And Pepper now knows, and a proposal as well (I hope that satisfied desires for Pepper-Tony content) - though in the interest of keeping the rating on this fic, I intend to maintain a fade to black policy on more adult romantic moments.

    Again a huge thank you to all of you, and I'll see you next Saturday!

Chapter 14: Chapter 13
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Despite, or maybe because of the events of the previous night, Tony found himself wide awake by 5am. Giving up sleep as a lost cause he headed down to the lab. He had about two hours before Pepper would leave for SI, and Peter would wake up and want breakfast so he might as well do something productive with that time.

“What’s the progress on infiltrating Stane and SI Jarvis?”

“77% of the SI database has been processed and catalogued. I will have a full report for you in approximately four hours. I have finished cataloguing Stane’s hard drive and I have both a report as well as several pieces of audio I believe will be of interest. Would you like the report or the audio first Sir?”

“Audio first J.”

That would give him the opportunity to form his own conclusions before he looked at the conclusions Jarvis had drawn. The AI was good, but Jarvis hadn’t lived through all the later events, and Tony didn’t want to take the chance that they might miss something, simply because the AI didn’t have the knowledge to know it was important.

“Very well Sir. Might I recommend that you sit first?”

“That bad?”

There was a beat before the AI replied. “There are several events I believe you will find distressing Sir.”

“Very well Jarvis – I’ll let you fuss this time.”

“I would not need to fuss if you took better care of yourself Sir.”

Tony simply rolled his eyes in response but he did sit down and as soon as he was comfortable Jarvis spoke again.

“There are several recordings of telephone conversations, of which four seem to be significant. Would you like me to play them in chronological order, or in the order of importance?”

“Chronological.”

The first recording started and Tony winced as the guttural voice Raza filtered through the speakers. He’d known they’d filmed a video of him and sent it to somebody, and he’d later assumed it was Stane, but he’d never heard the follow up call.

However, as disturbing as it was to hear Obadiah and Raza bargain over just how much his life was worth, there was nothing truly revolutionary in this particular recording. It would however, be excellent evidence if he needed it.

The next two calls were no more illuminating. The simply detailed the initial contacts Stane had made with the Ten Rings, agreements to supply weaponry and the original hit Stane had put out on his convoy. Again, very useful evidence and he now had everything he needed to thoroughly destroy Stane, but nothing unexpected. Lists of what had been supplied where however would make it far easier to track down the remaining weaponry.

“Last one Jarvis.”

The audio started once more, and a voice he half recognised came over the speakers. Tony frowned trying to place it, he knew it was familiar but he couldn’t quite identify the speaker.

He listened intently as Stane and the man discussed weapons contracts, supplies for groups that Tony had never heard of, however with a variety of names that sounded vaguely Russian or Eastern European. That answered one mystery at least – he now knew how his weaponry had appeared in Sokovia. Stane was being remarkably subservient however, and that also set alarm bells ringing.

It wasn’t until they approached the end of the call that the pieces clicked together and Tony finally placed the voice.

He’d only sparingly interacted with the man, primarily when he was trying to demand custody of Loki and the Tesseract, but he certainly knew of the man, and knew exactly who he worked for.

His guess was confirmed a few seconds later when Stane’s voice echoed out of the speakers.

“The orders will be completed within the month Mr Secretary.”

Alexander Pierce.

Secretary to the World Security Council and one of Hydra’s senior figures. His weaponry had been funnelled into Hydra’s hands, into the hands of the organisation who had murdered his parents. He was so absorbed in his thoughts that he nearly missed the last exchange, but when the words registered, he was glad he was sitting down.

“If you are still looking for a way to deal with unfortunate elements, might I suggest the Ten Rings? They have done some exceptional work for the Council in the past.”

“Your suggestion is most appreciated. It is so hard to find reliable contractors.”

“I’ll get one of my staffers to pass the details on. It has been a pleasure doing business with you Obadiah.”

“Thank you, Secretary Pierce. I will notify you when the work is complete.”

The call finished quickly after that but there was nothing more of importance in it. The key revelation was of Hydra’s involvement.

“I’d like that report now J,” he said, managing to keep his voice level.

A hologram popped up on the screen in front of him, and he frowned as he read through it. The AI had done exceptionally thorough work as always and had complied a detailed account of exactly what Stane had sold, and to whom.

Slowly a picture was emerging. Tony was coming to the conclusion that Stane himself wasn’t Hydra, the email trails and conversations with Pierce and his lackeys suggested that he was a useful weapons supplier but nothing more than that.

That was a small mercy. Stane had grown unscrupulous and power hungry and tried to have him killed, but he wasn’t actively working for the organisation that had murdered his parents.

He just didn’t ask questions. Didn’t care where the weaponry went as long as he got paid.

Tony would ruin him.

The only question now was how. How would he use the evidence Jarvis had accumulated, and how would he ensure Stane could never be a threat again? Not to his children, his wife, to him.

It would have to be perfect. He needed a plan that would ensure that Stane couldn’t escape, could never come back and be a threat. Part of him wanted Stane dead, but the more rational side of his mind prevailed. He could not afford to murder the man in cold blood, it would be far too risky a course of action and he had a family he could not afford to lose.

He took a deep breath. There would be time to plan later, once his mind and emotions had settled. For now, he needed to check on Pepper and Peter, to make sure they were safe.

Logically he knew they were. He knew that there was no way Stane would have got inside the mansion in the few short hours he’d been down in the lab, but hearing his own death being discussed in such blunt terms, by the first man to betray him had pulled old trauma to the fore.

His feet carried him straight to Peter’s room. The sunlight from the early morning shone through round the edge of the curtains, illuminating the sleeping boy.

A few quick strides took him to the side of the bed and Tony settled himself on the mattress, careful not to wake his son. Gently he reached out and stroked an errant curl back, letting his fingers linger on the boy’s cheek.

Peter’s pulse thrummed beneath his fingertips, warm breaths puffed out against the pillow and the undeniable proof his child was safe and alive, soothed the fear in his heart. Leaning down he pressed a feather-light kiss to the boy’s forehead, before standing and heading for the kitchen .

Peter was safe, now he needed to check on Pepper.

His wife – now fiancé - was where he had expected to find her, sipping her morning coffee with the remnants of her breakfast on the plate in front of her. The remaining tension seeped from his frame at the sight. She was safe.

“Good morning Pep,” He greeted her quietly.

She glanced up and smiled in response, “Good morning Tony - I’m surprised you emerged from the lab before Peter woke.”

He winced, “Jarvis finished the report on Stane. He’ll transfer a copy to you but there were a few nasty surprises.”

She was familiar enough with his habits that he didn’t need to expand on that, her eyes darkening with understanding. “Anything with urgent implications?”

He shook his head in the negative, nothing in that report would change what she needed to do at SI today, and she would need to leave within a few minutes if she was to get there on time.

“Okay, Jarvis could you transfer that file to me once I return from SI please.”

“Of course, Miss Potts.”

She nodded decisively before standing and preparing to leave, however before she left the mansion, she came over and kissed his cheek. The touch was the last tangible reminder he needed of her safety, but still…

“You have your gauntlet right?” His paranoia had to be satisfied.

“I do,” she confirmed, “Will that be all Mr Stark?”

“That will be all Miss Potts.”

He stayed until she left the room before he shook himself, and focussed again. There was work to be done today, tech to make and plans to be made, a conversation with May and the hospital that would, most likely, not be easy for anyone, but least of all Peter. He couldn’t afford to be distracted.

Peter fidgeted on his stool, casting yet another glance at the clock in the corner. It read 10:35, only five minutes later than when he had last checked. Sighing he turned back to his project and tried to focus.

He knew he had nearly got the webbing right. It was completely non toxic and capable of making a thick matting that would hold together any injury but it either lasted for fifteen minutes which wasn’t nearly long enough, or for nearly thirty hours, which was far too long. He just needed to tweak the formula slightly so it lasted somewhere in the perfect two-five hours before dissolving.

He looked up at the clock again.

10:38

Footsteps echoed behind him, accompanied by a familiar irregular heartbeat, then a gentle hand came down to rest on his shoulder.

“You alright there kiddo?”

Peter twisted round and met his father’s concerned eyes, leaning into the hand that lightly gripped his shoulder. The touch was both grounding and comforting.

“I’m okay,” he replied quietly, fingers twisting in the hem of his t-shirt, “It’s just that you said that we were calling May at 11:30 and well…”He trailed off, unsure exactly how to put it into words.

“And you’re excited but worried as well and it’s all twisted up inside you making you restless.” Mr Stark finished for him.

Peter nodded. “I want to see her, I’ve missed her but I’m scared she won’t be my Aunt May.”

“I know buddy.” His father’s voice was soft, and his other hand came up to hold Peter in a loose embrace, as the boy sank willingly into the comfort.

The man didn’t say anything further, simply holding Peter close and he was grateful for that. He knew that his father couldn’t promise that things would be alright, or make his fears vanish, but he was here, and that was the best reassurance he could give. Peter relaxed back into the hold, letting his father’s presence dull his fear.

After a few minutes of silence Mr Stark spoke again, “Why don’t we go upstairs, and we can build some Lego, or watch a cartoon for the next half hour.” It was phrased as a question but there was a firmness in his father’s voice that told him that it wasn’t a suggestion.

He didn’t want to argue. He hadn’t been making any progress anyway so he nodded again and didn’t resist as he was gently steered out of the lab and up into the living area of the mansion.

“Cartoons or Lego?”

If he got out the Lego, he knew that Mr Stark would simply sit on one of the sofas, working on his tablet whilst he kept an eye on Peter. If he chose cartoons however, he would be able to sit next to his father, and whilst the man would normally keep working, Peter would be able to curl into his side, and he really didn’t want to lose the comfort that physical affection provided. It made the decision easy.

“Cartoons please.”

“You heard him J – bring up something suitable.”

Scooby Doo popped up on the screen and Peter promptly curled into his father’s side, snuggling into the arm that was wrapped around his shoulders. He fixed his eyes on the screen in front of him, and let the animated antics and Mr Stark’s steady presence distract him until Jarvis’ voice echoed through the room.

“You have an incoming call from May Parker Sir.”

Peter shot upwards, nerves and excitement churning in his belly. It was finally time, but he still hesitated, casting a glance towards his father, and the man squeezed Peter’s shoulder in silent reassurance, before also straightening from his slouched position on the sofa.

“Pull her up on the screen J.”

Immediately the TV screen flicked and seconds later the face of May Parker was looking at them. Peter swallowed, hard. His Aunt looked bad. There was bruising on her face, and in the background, he could see a whole host of monitors, and he could see various tubes and wires snaking away from her body. It was obvious she was injured, and was injured badly.

“Hello, can you hear me?”

“Loud and clear Mrs Parker,” Came Tony’s reply, “I hope the tablet is working well for you.”

“It’s excellent Mr Stark,”

“Call me Tony please, you are family after all.” He interjected smoothly, and she smiled and nodded,

“Then you must call me May.” She replied, before switching her attention to the one person who had yet to speak, “Hello Peter.”

“You’re hurt. Hurt badly.” He blurted it out without thinking, still shocked by her appearance.

He’d known she was injured; he had been warned in advance by Mr Stark. His father had sat him down and talked him through the fact that she had hurt her spine, that it would be months of recovery and her exact prognosis was still uncertain, but knowing it and seeing it were very different things.

Her smile dimmed, “It’s not as bad as it looks baby. We Parkers are made of stern stuff; it’ll take more than a little accident to keep us down.” By the end her tone was light, and she was smiling at him.

“But you don’t need to worry about me. I’m fine and I’m getting better. Now why don’t you tell me what you’ve been up to for the last couple of days?”

Peter knew what she was doing. He knew she was trying to distract him from the injury that was just as bad as it looked. He wasn’t easily distracted though, he lost far too many parents to be complacent.

“Are you sure you’re going to be okay Aunt May?” There was a plaintive note in his voice and he felt his father’s hand come and rest gently on his shoulder in a silent gesture of comfort.

“I’m sure Peter. I will be just fine, there’s no need to worry.” Her voice was still soft, but there was a finality to it that Peter recognised, the hint that he should drop this line of questioning because he wouldn’t get anymore answers. He replied anyway.

“I always worry.” He felt the hand on his shoulder tighten slightly, a calloused thumb rubbing soothing circles on his shoulder blade.

“You’re too young to worry,” came the quick retort, but her eyes were smiling, “You aren’t allowed to worry about me until you are at least fifty. Now, enough about me. What have you been doing the last few days?”

Peter swallowed. His next sentences were a test. He’d had all morning to think about what he could say that would let him find out whether Aunt May remembered as well, without giving anything away if she didn’t.

“Dad took me down to his workshop, and it’s really really cool.” He didn’t have to feign enthusiasm for this bit, the next words were the ones that were important. He kept his eyes fixed on her as he continued, searching for any hint that she remembered, “I’ve got my own workstation and I’ve been making webbing - like a spider’s - that could be used in emergencies, like if someone was shot.”

He paused, scanning her face hopefully. If she remembered there were so many clues littered in that sentence.

“That sounds exciting Peter,” she said, but there wasn’t a hint of recognition in her gaze, no reaction to anything he’d said, “How did you come up with that idea?”

He fumbled something about spiders being cool, and their webs being super-strong and wanting to keep people safe, his eyes looking for something, anything that might indicate that she remembered.

He found nothing.

The hand on his shoulder tightened, a simple reminder of his father’s presence. I’m here, you aren’t alone, and Peter leant into it, soaking up all the comfort he could.

“You’ll have to show me it once it’s finished,” May continued, “But it sounds like you’ve been having a lot of fun.”

Peter just nodded. He wasn’t sure he could trust his voice if he tried to speak, and he could already feel the tears pricking at his eyes. She didn’t remember. He’d lost his Aunt and Uncle again. It wasn’t fair. Why did he have to lose everyone he loved? He’d gained his father but lost his Aunt and Uncle and that wasn’t fair.

They were alive, both Aunt May and Uncle Ben but they weren’t the Aunt and Uncle he remembered and that hurt. It was better than losing them completely but it still hurt. He wanted them back and he couldn’t have them.

Dimly he was aware of the fact that Mr Stark had picked up the thread of the conversation and was calmly chatting with Aunt May. However, soon he was being nudged gently, and he dragged his attention back up to the screen where his Aunt was smiling at him, although there was concern hidden in her eyes.

“Say goodbye buddy,” the instruction was soft, “We’ll call again at the weekend.”

Peter managed to paste on a smile and say goodbye, though judging by the frown that twisted May’s lips, his Aunt had seen straight through the façade that he was okay. However, she didn’t press, opting instead to simply say her farewells, and reiterate that she would speak to them again soon.

The instant the call disconnected Peter was pulled straight onto Tony’s lap, and his father’s arms wrapped around him, one palm cradling the back of his head. It was a cocoon of safety and protection and he melted into it.

“I’m sorry Tesoro, I’m so so sorry.” The murmur was feather soft, but it broke the last of his resolve. Peter buried his face in crook of his father’s neck and sobbed.
Notes:

    Thank you again for all the interest in this story - I'm consistently amazed at just how much you all seem to enjoy it and thank you to everyone who has taken the time to leave a comment/kudos/bookmark. They really help me to keep writing - particularly in such a grey and horrid month as January.

    So quite a lot of plot this week, as well as a dose of angst for poor Peter - and there will definitely be more of that to come given there is so much potential for interesting scenes there. And in terms of Stane - I have plans!

    I hope you all enjoyed it, and see you next week.

Chapter 15: Chapter 14
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tony sighed as he picked up his coffee, throwing a quick thank you to Pepper as he did so. Peter was finally in bed and asleep, but this afternoon had been hard. The boy had been very quiet once his initial storm of weeping had subsided, and reluctant to leave Tony’s arms.

The whole situation was cruel and his heart ached for Peter. If he could take the pain away, he would, but there wasn’t anything here he could fix, nothing he could invent that would make everything alright again.

It was an odd sort of frustrating helplessness that he had only really become familiar with once he’d accepted Peter into his life all those years ago, and again when Morgan was born. The wish to soothe, to take the pain away and protect them from everything the world could throw at them.

He couldn’t protect Peter from this. May didn’t remember, and Ben couldn’t, that was the situation they faced. All he could do now was comfort and support his child through the coming days, making sure Peter didn’t try to do anything silly or self-destructive, and that by the end of everything he still had an Aunt and Uncle.

He didn’t yet know what that relationship would end up looking like, but he knew how much Peter loved them, and knew that if his son let that relationship die, even with all the difficulties ahead, he would regret it, and it would end up hurting just as much, if not more in the long run.

It would be hard though, and take time and patience. 

There were also explanations he owed May and Ben once they were in a position where they could hear them. It was his responsibility to explain what had happened, the fact Peter was enhanced and the memories he had. That was something he could protect Peter from, and he would.

The lab had proved to be a welcome distraction for both of them, but he’d kept Peter close nevertheless, deciding to work together on nanotech rather than letting the boy work on his own projects. It had let him keep a closer eye on his child, as well as making it easier for him to provide physical reassurance whenever it was needed.

And it had been needed.

Peter had been particularly clingy for the rest of the day, scarcely willing to go more than a metre away from him. It wasn’t a surprise. The child had lost so much, it made sense that he would want to stay close to the parent that was there, and Tony was more than willing to indulge him.

Peter was his son. It was his job. To wipe away every tear, to hold him after every nightmare, to shield and shelter him when the storms raged. If what Peter needed was to stick as close as his shadow, to hold on and be held in return, then that was what he’d do, for as long as it took.

That part was easy. It was everything else that was hard, but the only solution to that was time and effort. Patience was another thing he had learnt since becoming a father, and he would need every dreg in the days to come.

A hand gently massaging the back of his neck broke him out of his thoughts, and he sighed again, turning towards Pepper.

“Rough day?” The question was sympathetic, and he nodded in reply,

“May doesn’t remember.”

She winced at that, “No wonder Peter was subdued. Is there anything I can do?”

“There isn’t much that can be done,” he responded quietly, “It will just take time – although if you could sort the legalities, I’d appreciate it.”

“Joint custody I presume?” At his nod she continued, “As they never adopted him that will be easy enough to arrange – particularly given the bias towards biological parents.”

“It’d be worth getting the paperwork ready to push full custody as well,” he added, “I hope everything works out with May and Ben, but I don’t want to risk it.”

She nodded at that. It was always safer to have contingency plans, and Peter was too important for any mistakes to be made.

The silence stretched for a few minutes as they savoured their coffee before Tony abruptly changed the subject.

“I plan to confront Stane at the next board meeting.”

Pepper raised a single eyebrow, moving over to the sofa, and Tony followed, elaborating on his plans as he went, “That gives me three weeks – the nanotech will be ready by then, and I can use that to restrain him and prevent collateral damage.”

“You intend to ruin him then?”

“You’ve read Jarvis’ report. I’ve got enough evidence to force them to accept the halt to weapons production, and doing it when they are off balance will be easier. As for ruining him – well his crimes will see him serving a life sentence at minimum, with a high chance he’s executed – particularly if we stack the jury.”

Left unspoken was the fact that execution was the preferred outcome. Stane couldn’t be a threat when he was dead, but he wasn’t dangerous enough for Tony to risk killing him personally unless it was a clear-cut case of self-defence. Fundamentally, Stane was a businessman who didn’t have the scientific background to make anything SI produced.

He could use the weaponry, Tony knew that first-hand, but he’d needed a team of scientists to create the Iron Monger, and the reactor from Tony’s own chest. Once he was isolated, arrested and cut off from his powerbase he wasn’t much of a threat.

He was someone they could let the courts and the might of SI’s legal team deal with, and that came with the benefit that it was all above board and legal – well if you ignored how he had obtained the evidence in the first place. But that was something they could work around, Jarvis could ensure that Stane couldn't destroy the evidence on the hard-drive, as well as hiding things they didn't want to end up in the hands of the FBI, and then all he needed to do was let the evidence be 'discovered' by the proper authorities.

“I can have the medical department fully operational by then. We’ll need it to weather the inevitable public outrage.” Pepper noted, “On that front, I was thinking of reaching out to Maya Hansen – her research could be very useful, and it would get it out of Killian’s hands.”

That was another threat they could neutralise before it began. Without Extremis Killian was far less of a threat, and it was promising technology that could be adapted for good. If they could avoid the Mandarin terrorist attacks that would make the coming years smoother.

“You’re better placed to do that than I am,” Tony admitted, “Given what she said during the Mandarin affair, I doubt she would be pleased to have an approach from me. However, Cho seems amenable to a partnership – I’ve only just started correspondence, but she seems tentatively interested, so that’s a positive.”

“Any luck on finding Banner?” Pepper asked next, and Tony shrugged,

“I’ve got Jarvis running searches, but he’s already gone to ground somewhere in Brazil, and so few of their records are digitized we’ll need to get lucky. We’ve got a year or so before he resurfaces in Culver and Harlem, so that’s the back-up option if we can’t find him.” He paused as another thought occurred to him, “Of course when we find Banner I’ll have to deal with Ross.”

The spectre of the Accords and the Raft hung heavily across the room. They were both aware of exactly what Ross was capable of, his prejudices and exactly how deep his hatred and fear of mutates and superpowered individuals went. He had done far too much damage as Secretary of State.

Ross was only one of the threats he had to deal with. In the chaos of making sure Peter was safe, getting the reactor and suits sorted, and dealing with Stane, making more than vague long-term plans had fallen by the wayside. That would be something that he would need to remedy and soon.

Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, exhaling slowly. “I need to make a list – make sure you remind me if I forget J – I’m going to miss something otherwise.”

Pepper smiled wryly, “How very organised of you Mr Stark,” she quipped, and he rolled his eyes at her, a hint of a smile playing around his lips.

“I’m not that bad when it comes to things that are actually important.”

“Your definition of important is rather specific.” She pointed out sweetly.

“I’m Tony Stark – no other definitions matter.”

That comment only netted him a flash of a smile, but the exchange had lifted the mood in the room substantially, however there were a few things he still needed to deal with.

“We need to set aside a time to actually make a more detailed long-term plan – probably pulling Rhodey in for some of it as well.”

“It can wait until Stane is out the way,” Pepper pointed out pragmatically, “Nothing is immediately time sensitive, and even you have limits.”

He acknowledged that with a simple nod. Pepper certainly knew his limits better than most, and if he was being honest with himself, the chances of him actually focusing on that list for a few weeks were low anyway.

“I will be running some missions out to destroy weapons caches,” he warned her, “Not as many as last time – I can’t leave Peter unless you’re here – but I do need to destroy certain stockpiles sooner rather than later.”

He leant back, his eyes never leaving hers, although he could see the understanding in their depths.

“I’ve got Stane’s list and that should make it more efficient but I’ll probably be gone for at least two nights every week.”

“I don’t like it.” Pepper’s voice was frank, “But I understand it – just give me warning before each mission please – and perhaps you can avoid playing dodge with a pair of Raptors this time?”

He barked out a laugh, “No promises about the Raptors honey. I will give Rhodey advanced notice though.”

She smiled and he counted it as a victory, “One more thing.” He raised an inquisitive eyebrow at her.

“You get to tell Peter what’s happening.”

“Sir, Master Peter is in distress.”

Jarvis’s voice echoed around the lab and Tony looked up from the schematics he was pouring over. He was already moving by the time he asked, “Where is he Jarvis?”

“He is still in his bedroom, I believe he had a nightmare.”

Tony just nodded in reply, feet already carrying him towards Peter’s room. As he got closer he could hear quiet whimpers coming from behind the door, and his heart clenched.

He didn’t bother to knock, his footsteps, heartbeat and breathing would have alerted Peter to his presence, and he wasn’t going to wait whilst the child was in distress. He pushed the door open, and without a word Jarvis raised the light levels so he could see the child curled into a miserable ball on the bed.

Two quick strides brought him to the bed, and by the time he reached it, Peter was already reaching for him. Tony didn’t hesitate to wrap Peter up in his embrace, and for the second time in the day a tear stained face was buried in his chest.

“Shh, Tesoro,” He murmured, “It’s alright, I’m here.”

“D-d-dad.” The whimper tore at his heart and he held Peter tighter.

“Dad’s here,” the reassurance fell easily from his lips, “You’re safe, I’m here.”

Peter was shaking.

“Titan – it was Titan but I didn’t dust.” Each word forced itself out around a sob. “You disappeared, and May, and, and Ben.” The boy’s voice stuttered, but he gasped a breath and continued, “Your heart stopped. I heard it and then you dusted and I couldn’t hold on and then they did as well and I was the only one left and it was empty and I was alone.”

Small fingers clung onto him with every inch of superhuman strength and Tony pulled Peter impossibly closer, letting the warm weight in his arms reassure himself as much as Peter.

“I’m here Tesoro, Dad’s here, you’re not alone.” He repeated the words as many times as necessary, the mantra echoing through the room.

“Not dust?”

“Not dust. Never again.” It was a vow as much as it was a reassurance, and slowly Peter started to calm, sobs gradually dying away to simple sniffles. Throughout it all, his grip on Tony didn’t waver, and the man kept up a steady stream of murmured reassurances.

And if holding Peter and focussing on calming him down kept his mind from dwelling on the memories the accounting of his son’s nightmare had stirred up – well, so much the better.

Eventually the last of Peter’s sobs became hiccups, eyes becoming half lidded as fatigue won out over fear. It was frankly an ungodly hour of the morning and Tony wasn’t surprised that Peter was quickly becoming sleepy.

He shifted position slightly, ready to lay Peter back in his own bed, but the instant he started to move the child’s eyes flew open, and he grabbed back at Tony’s shirt, twisting his fingers into the fabric and sticking.

“Don’t go.” It was a fearful plea, “Don’t leave me alone Papà.”

Instinctively Tony brought him closer, shushing him gently until Peter was calm again, but even then, the boy’s fingers were still stuck to his shirt.

He rocked Peter back and forth, murmuring tender reassurances even as he analysed the situation. Peter wasn’t going to let him go, that much was clear, and with the boy both tired and upset it was unlikely that he would stop sticking without substantial assurances that Tony wouldn’t leave. So, he either slept here, or he took Peter with him and they both slept in his bed.

He carded one hand through Peter’s curls before gently encouraging Peter’s face out from where the boy had tucked it against his chest.

“There you are,” he murmured as tired brown eyes met his, “Would you like to sleep in my bed tonight buddy?”

“With you?” The question was slurred and sleepy.

“I’ll be there kiddo, you can even use me as your pillow, how about that?”

Peter nodded before promptly burrowing back into Tony’s chest. He didn’t stop the smile that spread across his face as he stood, adjusting Peter so he was easier to carry before walking the few meters to his own room.

He grabbed his pyjamas before sitting down on the mattress, “Can you let me go so I can change buddy?” He asked softly, “I’ll only be a minute and then you can hold on as tightly as you like.”

A whine slipped out from between the boy’s teeth but reluctantly Peter peeled his fingers off his shirt, and Tony changed quickly, but even then, by the time he emerged from the bathroom, he could see the glimmer of tears in Peter’s eyes. He slipped into bed and within a heartbeat a small body was curled against him, fingers clutching on desperately.

Tony pressed a kiss to Peter’s forehead, smiling slightly as the gesture caused the boy to nuzzle closer. However, his son was still awake, and trembling slightly, and that would not do.

Tenderly Tony rubbed his hand in smooth circles over the boy’s small back and he felt Peter slowly relax beneath his touch. In no more than a few minutes his son’s breathing had evened out, the last bit of tension leaving his body as he fell into slumber.

With Peter asleep, the residual tension drained from his own muscles, and he firmly pulled his mind away from the memories of Titan that were lurking, ready to pounce. He could feel Peter’s pulse thrumming beneath his fingers, and feel his warm weight against his chest. He was safe, he was alive and not dust.

“Nightmare?” The almost silent question startled him and he looked up to meet Pepper’s tired gaze.

“Titan. Everyone dusted apart from him. Sorry for waking you.” He confirmed in a whisper that was barely a breath, and even in the dim light he could see the sympathy in her expression.

“Don’t worry about it - that sounds horrid. Not unexpected though.” She murmured back, combing her fingers gently through Peter’s chestnut curls.

He nodded in acknowledgement, careful not to disturb Peter with the motion.

“How are you holding up?”  Came the next careful murmur.

It was easier to be honest in the darkness, “I’m holding him – it makes it easier.”

A slender hand came to rest on his shoulder and squeezed once. He managed to smile at her, in a silent thank you, and her own lips curled upwards in reply.

“Sleep well honey.” The whisper drifted over from her side of the bed, and with his son tucked against his chest, and his fiancé within arm’s reach he did.
Notes:

    So sleepy fluff and more groundwork being laid for future plot. The next chapter will be quite plot heavy so I thought it would be nice to give you all some fluffy angst before we have a few different POVs in the coming chapters - and to have a look at some of the scars Peter is carrying from his memories now they have settled.

    Don't worry the confrontation with Stane is coming though it is still a few chapters away at least - and I'm glad you all like the ruthless side Tony has. Incidentally - my legal knowledge is poor (particularly with regards to the American legal system) but I was surprised to discover that the lawyers in the US are able to reject a set number of jurors in any trial without having to give a reason. It was also interesting to look into the laws surrounding the death penalty - the reason it could be applied to this case is that Stane has supplied weaponry to a group at war with the US (treason charge - which carries the death penalty), and attempted murder via collaborating with the terrorist organisation (though as it wasn't sucessful this only carries an imprisonment penalty if this was the only crime).

    I hope you all enjoyed it, and another thank you for all the comments, kudos, bookmarks etc

Chapter 16: Chapter 15
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“Miss Potts, there’s an Agent Coulson at reception from the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. He’s requesting a meeting at your earliest convenience.”

Pepper resisted the urge to sigh. Her day had started off so well.

She had woken up to find Tony and Peter sleeping peacefully in a multi-limbed cuddle pile, and then managed to extract herself without waking either of them from a lie-in that was – for Tony at least – long overdue. Then when she had arrived at work, she’d been greeted by the confirmation that they had managed to obtain the land for Stark Tower at below budget. Of course something would come along to disrupt such a promising morning.

“Send him up Emily thank you.”

She had an hour before her next scheduled meeting, and from prior experience it was better to deal with Shield quickly. At least Coulson could be relied on to be reasonably competent and polite. It was a pity he had been killed in New York, as he was one of the better agents Shield had. It also helped that he was one of the ones she was fairly certain was not Hydra.

Nevertheless, she would need to tread carefully. Whilst Shield had their uses, currently they were compromised, and whilst many of the agents were good, high skilled and competent individuals, the organisation itself was mired in corruption. She also had to assume that anything she said would be reported back to Fury verbatim, and soon after would be in Hydra’s hands.

Fury also was someone she needed to handle carefully, whilst ostensibly their goals were aligned in that they wanted to defend the Earth against threats such as Thanos, his methods could be questionable. She did not like how quickly he reached for unnecessarily manipulative tactics to advance his goals, his treatment of Tony being a classic example.

Still, at least he was honest about it. He was a paranoid, manipulative bastard but he didn’t pretend to be anything else. It made him easier to work with in some respects, at least you expected such tactics from him, and it made him a degree of predictable. He wouldn’t accept things at face value, he would try to make sure he held all the cards, and he would take whatever actions he deemed necessary to accomplish his goals.

That paranoia however would make her job harder.

They couldn’t afford to have Fury sniffing around too deeply until they had more pieces in place and were in a less precarious position. He, and by extension the loyal parts of Shield would be useful allies, but he was an ally they needed to deal with on their terms not his and they could only do that from a position of strength.

Strength that would take six months at the earliest to accumulate, and closer to eighteen months in the more pessimistic estimations.

She straightened, letting a bland professional mask fall over her features. Whilst she had no doubt that Coulson would be able to tell it was a mask, it was the mask he would expect to see in the offices of SI.

“Good morning Agent Coulson,” she greeted him, her manner and bearing firmly fixed in - dealing with irritating board members to whom I cannot show how irritating I find them – mode.

It was a calculated mask of bland pleasantness.

There was nothing offensive about her manner, but it was also a test to see just how much Coulson was noting, and how much he was willing to let her know he had noticed. It was an intricate dance, but one she had been dancing in boardrooms and high-level negotiations for years.

“Good morning Miss Potts, I hope I haven’t inconvenienced you?”

“Oh not at all, the time of your arrival was quite fortuitous, an hour later and I would not have been able to speak to you until Monday morning.”

“Most fortuitous.” He agreed, “I will be brief then as I do not wish to delay you unnecessarily.”

And that was the counter.

Inwardly Pepper smiled, it had been far too long since she had had the opportunity to fence in this way. In the years after the Snap, SI had been one of the few major corporations that had stepped up successfully, and their subsequent dominance had meant that she had rarely had to engage in such verbal spars, not least because by that point, her role as CEO had been very secure.

She had forgotten just how much fun it could be to joust with an opponent, particularly when they were not simply looking down on her for her sex. However, her enjoyment in the wordplay aside, she would still be grateful when he was out of her office.

Their opinions of the other’s relative importance clearly established; she prodded the discussion onwards.

“Why has your agency requested this meeting Agent Coulson?”

He maintained his unflappable demeanour however she saw him acknowledge the implicit challenge.

“We wish to arrange a meeting with Mr Stark to debrief him following his experiences in Afghanistan.”

“Mr Stark has already been debriefed by the CIA and FBI and is contributing to the ongoing investigation. May I enquire as to why a further debriefing is necessary over a week after he returned to American soil?”

That was the second test. How much of Shield’s purpose was he willing to reveal to her in the name of persuading her? How desperate was Shield for this interview? It was also a subtle jab at his organisation’s competency. It had taken them far too long to approach her, though it was possible that Tony had simply been ignoring emails.

“We wished to give Mr Stark time to recover from his injuries following his captivity, as the debrief is not particularly time critical.”

That was a good answer, and one that neatly avoided the trap she had laid. However, despite the fact it avoided her actual question, it did give her another opportunity. She raised a single eyebrow as she responded.

“I see. Mr Stark’s schedule is very busy at the moment, so how long would you estimate the debriefing would take?”

“No more than two hours.”

“I see.” With a few quick flicks of her fingers she pulled up her own calendar and scanned through it, making sure the screen was carefully tilted so it, or any reflections from it, were not visible from the visitors chair. She hadn’t lied - Tony’s schedule was full, just not with the sort of things Shield would expect, and his company one was not remotely representative.

“I will have to consult with Mr Stark, as his schedule is particularly laden in the coming weeks, however it may be possible to arrange a meeting on either the 8th or 10th of June.”

Those dates were either side of the board meeting, therefore Tony could decide whether he wished to involve Shield before or after they had revealed Stane’s crimes to the world.

“Thank you Miss Potts,” Coulson replied courteously, “Either date would be acceptable to us.”

“Do you have contact details we can use to contact you with a confirmation once I have spoken to Mr Stark?” A business card was quickly provided and Pepper slipped it into the relevant folder, before facing Coulson again.

“Is there anything else you need?”

The words and tone made it a clear dismissal and Coulson took them as such, politely declining before they exchanged the obligatory farewells and she called Emily back to escort him out of the building.

Once she was certain that he was completely out of earshot she sighed quietly to herself before pulling up a terminal on her screen and tapping out a quick message for Jarvis. She hadn’t spotted anything that indicated that the agent had bugged her office but it never hurt to be thorough.

It was a useful side effect of Jarvis’ infiltration of SI’s systems. Whilst he didn’t have quite the same capabilities as he did back in the mansion, as the office was lacking the extensive modifications Tony had made back at home, the AI did have access to the full set of cameras and sensors in the building as well as every computer. A security sweep for any unauthorised devices was well within his capabilities.

Thankfully the scan of her office came back clean within a few minutes, and Pepper felt confident she could return to her planning. Coulson’s visit had been mercifully brief, leaving her with roughly half an hour before the next meeting. That left her time to craft the lure for Maya Hansen.

She felt she knew the woman reasonably well after their interactions in the Mandarin debacle, and she genuinely wanted to do good with her formula. It was unfortunate she had ended up as a casualty of Killian’s madness and she would make a valuable asset to the SI team.

It wouldn’t be easy to lure her however. Tony had already rejected her proposal several years ago, and despite that being a valid, and frankly logical strategic decision, the way he had gone about it left much to be desired. Complicating business with sex always left a mess in its wake.

She would have to rely on the fact that she knew Hansen was already having doubts about Killian’s motivations, about some of the discrepancies in the testing regimes. She could present SI as a more ethical and better funded company and hopefully steal her and most of her team out from under Killian’s nose.

It would be a negotiation, and she needed to decide what conditions she was willing to use as an incentive to transfer, beyond the benefit of simply working for SI. That was one thing the company had always got right – they had always had the policies and salaries that ensured their staff were looked after.

Initial email crafted; she turned her attention back to the Tower project. With the land and planning permission secured, she could get the first tranche of surveyors moving in next week. They would simply be focussed on making plans for the demolition and assessing the correct places from foundations once that had been accomplished.

That would take three months at least, which gave her sufficient time to get the plans together for the new Tower. Unfortunately, nothing would be able to speed up the actual build time, which at the absolute fastest was four days per floor. That meant they were highly unlikely to be in the Tower itself for approaching eighteen months.

She frowned to herself at that and made a quick note.

That was a remarkably long time, particularly for Peter. School wasn’t currently an issue, given the fact they were only a few weeks from the end of the school year. Combining the situation with May and Ben and Peter’s age, it had been easy enough to withdraw him for the remainder of the year, however that would be something they would need to deal with before September. Not that there was an obvious solution given Peter’s memories and knowledge.

They would also have to consider their proximity to May and Ben, and of course Peter’s friends, although what those relationships would look like now was an interesting question. It would be something to discuss with Tony, whether Malibu was the correct option, and if not, what were the most sensible alternatives.

However, that would have to wait.

A quick glance at the clock revealed she had five minutes remaining before her next meeting, and she needed to both gather her notes and head down to the conference room. This matter, along with over a hundred others would simply have to wait their turn on her priority list.

May idly flicked through the channels on the TV in front of her, finally deciding on a simple nature documentary as the best distraction. Images of wolf cubs prowled across the screen and she tried very hard to let it distract her, and not to think about just how much all this cost.

They weren’t paying for their treatment. That was something Tony Stark and his lawyers had made very clear to her. Everything she and Ben needed medically would be paid for no questions asked. She was both worried and grateful at the same time.

Grateful because their insurance would never have paid for the quality of the care they were receiving, she had a private room and she knew that she had the best specialists working on her case. They’d been discussing the coming months with her this morning, and there had been nothing about the cost of the different services or what insurance would be willing to pay, it had simply been choosing the absolute best facility to meet her needs.

And she was grateful. Incredibly grateful.

Not having to worry about the cost was a weight of her shoulders, and it was reassuring to know that she and Ben had the best chances of recovery possible. But at the same time the more cynical part of her couldn’t help but look for the strings.

He’d said it wasn’t conditional, said the money had already been transferred, that it was going towards their treatment and that wouldn’t change but she couldn’t help but wonder. Was it some sort of bribe, or something to put them in his debt so they didn’t contest anything with regards to Peter? She’d only spoken to the man briefly after all, and the picture the papers painted of him wasn’t kind.

A playboy, alcoholic, gambler and weapons dealer. A genius certainly, even his staunchest critics didn’t argue against that, but beyond that one whose reckless, racy and destructive lifestyle was regularly plastered across the tabloids.

Certainly not someone who you would naturally associate with fatherhood. Frankly not someone you would wish to expose a young child to.

And Peter was so very young.

She couldn’t understand why the state had granted someone with such a public history of reckless behaviour the custody of a child. True, Stark was Peter’s biological father, and that counted for a lot, but from everything she’d seen over the years he wasn’t a fit parent.

Though she was willing to concede she might be biased. She’d seen his mistakes spelt out in the papers, but how much of that was sensationalised she didn’t know, but this concerned Peter, and she couldn’t take risks with his safety.

Not that there was much she could do when she couldn’t leave the bed.

Stark hadn’t been what she’d expected though, she could admit that. She hadn’t been expecting to see him in the video call with Peter, expecting him to have handed her nephew over to a nanny. It had banished her last doubts about Peter’s parentage however – seeing them both next to each other made the resemblance obvious. It had been the eyes that were the most startling however, she hadn’t been prepared to see her nephew’s eyes looking at her from Stark’s face.

That hadn’t been the end of the surprises either.

She certainly hadn’t expected Peter to look so comfortable around him, hadn’t expected the way the boy was curled into the man’s side, or the fact that Stark had an arm wrapped around his shoulders protectively.

Her nephew was a shy boy, and whilst he was beginning to grow out of it, he certainly didn’t warm up to strangers quickly. It had taken Mrs Joyce next door nearly a year before Peter would regularly make eye contact with her and smile. But Peter had been quite happy snuggled on the couch next to Stark, even referring to the man as Dad – and that had shocked her to the core.

She thought she’d managed to keep the surprise of her face however, and Peter had rambled on in the way he did when he got excited, so she doubted he’d noticed. Stark might have done, but she didn’t know the man well enough to tell.

It had been good to see Peter excited though, even if it had been for such a short time. His eyes had lit up and it eased something in her to see that, despite what had happened, he could still be happy and enthusiastic.

It hadn’t lasted though, and the way Peter had all but shut down no more than a few minutes later had her instincts screaming. Something was wrong, she didn’t know what had triggered it but she remembered that blankness from those first awful months after Mary and Richard’s death.

During those days any mention of his parents, or any reminder of their loss had sent Peter into an awful silence, twitchy, fidgeting and refusing to speak until the dam broke and he started sobbing. It hadn’t taken long for them to have the full list of triggers memorised and slowly the attacks had petered out until they could bring up his parents without Peter going silent and then breaking down.

There hadn’t been any obvious triggers yesterday.

Peter had just stopped.

She couldn’t explain it and that worried her. If she would have predicted a time for Peter to shut down it would have been when he first saw her, but that part of the conversation had gone about as well as she could have hoped. Peter had been worried yes, and upset but she had expected that and diverted him quickly enough.

So, for him to shut down in the way he had, with no obvious trigger – in fact he’d being talking animatedly only seconds before - was odd.

May had to give Stark credit though. She’d seen him reach out to comfort Peter, and the boy had accepted it instead of shying away. Stark had also taken over the thread of the conversation when Peter couldn’t, and brought it to a quick close shortly afterwards. She hoped he’d comforted Peter then, but she couldn’t be sure.

Stark was a conundrum and she didn’t like that.

The media painted one picture, that was backed up by videos, comments and photographs but that short video chat had shown a much more sympathetic, caring side, one that was at odds with the man that she saw in the media.

Was he putting on an act? Probably not, or if he was, he was maintaining if for longer than a video call given how comfortable Peter seemed, and that was jarring in and of itself. But that still left questions - would he grow bored and then abandon Peter, or was what she’d seen the real Tony Stark?

She didn’t know and that worried her.

Peter had already suffered more than any child had a right to suffer. He’d lost one set of parents, and May would not see Stark break his battered heart. She needed more information, she needed to meet Stark face to face, instead of over a video. She needed to talk to the man individually, and she needed to speak to Peter – to see for herself that Peter was loved and cherished and looked after.

And if Stark wasn’t a fit parent it didn’t matter that he was a billionaire, with the money to pay for the fanciest lawyers, to fight her in every court. It didn’t matter that he had the means to yank the funding on their treatment, to bribe and bully any court in his favour, she would fight. She would fight Stark with everything she had if that meant that Peter grew up in a loving home.

If and only if Stark was a loving, caring parent, would she give this new revelation and relationship her blessing.

Peter deserved nothing less.
Notes:

    And here is the next one - I hope you all enjoyed it.

    We have Pepper and May - and May in a particularly protective mood. I hope you all enjoyed Pepper's section and her interactions with Shield who are now beginning to stick their noses into things..... There are also hints of things to come and pieces are starting to move. This chapter also added another weird thing to the list of odd things I've googled for this fic - I now know more than I ever expected to about the construction of skyscrapers.

    Don't worry - we'll see a bit more of Peter next chapter - and I've got some more from Jarvis' perspective coming up too. Thank you for all the comments, kudos, bookmarks etc. I can hardly believe this has got nearly 40,000 views and 2000 kudos - thank you so much, and see you next Saturday.

Chapter 17: Chapter 16
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“Be good for Pepper buddy,” Tony instructed quietly and Peter nodded from his position against his father’s chest.

He didn’t want the man to go, didn’t want Iron Man to go soaring off into danger without him as back up. Rationally, Peter knew that things would be okay, Iron Man was the best superhero and Mr Stark had been doing this for years. It would take far more than a terrorist group armed with normal weaponry to be a threat to him, but still…

“You’re not allowed to get hurt.” He meant it to come out stern, but even to Peter the words had a distinct tremble to them.

His father clearly heard it too, because a gentle hand tilted his head upwards so he could look the man in the eye, even as his other arm drew Peter closer.

“I’ll be fine kiddo,” he said quietly, but there was a seriousness in his eyes, “This mission will be straightforward and they’ve got nothing that can penetrate my armour. You’ll have fun with Pepper, go to sleep and I’ll be back here by the time you wake up.”

“Really?”

“I’ll wake you up just like I normally do.” His father assured him softly.

But Peter’s doubts weren’t completely assuaged.

“Are you sure you’ll be okay?” He pressed, wide eyes scanning every inch of Tony’s face for the slightest hint of deception.

“I beat them easily last time, in a suit that had only a hundredth of the capability of this one.” His dad said calmly, “They can’t hurt me Peter.”

Peter looked at him for a long moment before pitching forwards to bury his face back into the man’s chest. “’M still going to worry.” The words were muffled against the fabric

“I know Tesoro.” The murmur was tender, “But try to have fun. I’ll be back before you know it.”

A firm kiss was pressed to his forehead, and the arms around him tightened before he was released and then Tony was straightening up and smiling at Pepper before leaning forward to kiss her as well.

“No Raptors honey,” she said as he pulled back and his father gave her a sloppy salute in response.

“Scouts honour.”

“You’ve never been a scout you reprobate.” The banter was light-hearted but then it morphed into something more serious. “Fly safe Tony.”

“I always do Pepper.” His smile now was softer and there was a solemn light in his eyes. He nodded once at both of them, before leaning down to ruffle Peter’s hair and direct a reassuring smile at him.

“Mark II Jarvis.”

Within seconds the Iron Man suit had encased him and despite the number of times he had seen and stood before the Iron Man suits, Peter felt a wave of awe pass through him. There was something special about standing so close to the Iron Man suit as a civilian, something that was different from the awe that came from having fought alongside him as a superhero.

And it was his father in that suit.

Despite his worry a burst of pure pride flooded through him. His father was Iron Man, and was going to fight the bad guys to make sure that people weren’t hurt. And he was just a man, not enhanced, everything about Iron Man he had built and made himself and it was brilliant.

He felt so very lucky. This was his dad, this was the person who loved him, and whom he loved back, who was the best superhero Peter could think of. The man who had made mistakes yes, but always tried to fix them and was so very kind and gave so much.

“Love you Papà.” The words burst out of him, and immediately the Iron Man faceplate retracted and Tony was looking down at him, warmth and love brimming in his gaze.

“Love you too Tesoro.” There was something achingly fond written in every line of his face as the man reached out and rested a gauntleted hand lightly on the boy’s shoulder. Peter leant into it, savouring the affection.

All too soon for Peter’s liking however, the moment passed and Tony stepped back, the Iron Man faceplate covering his features once again as he turned and blasted off from the balcony, rapidly moving away from the mansion.

Soon the suit was nothing but a small red figure in the sky, then a black speck and finally, even with Peter’s enhanced eyesight, he vanished from view completely. He swallowed hard, worry rushing back up to the surface now the suit was out of sight.

“Chinese or pizza?”

Peter started, turning to face Miss Potts who was looking at him with a gentle smile. His confusion must have been evident on his face because she elaborated.

“Which one do you fancy for dinner? I thought we deserved a treat today.” She paused for half a beat before adding, “Though if Tony asks tomorrow, tell him I fed you something healthy and green.” There was a mischievous note in her voice now, “I think dinner tonight should be our secret.”

Peter nodded in agreement, letting the prospect of working with Pepper to play a harmless trick like this on his father distract him. They used to do this sort of thing a lot when Uncle Ben had been alive, gently teasing each other and keeping harmless little secrets. It had all stopped after he died – it was so much harder to do with only two people, and being included in something like it with his dad and his wife – fiancée – girlfriend? – Peter wasn’t sure – filled a void he had forgotten was empty.

He’d had a taste of it with the food fight right after he’d first come to the mansion, but now with Miss Potts joining in, with her choosing to include him when his father wasn’t around it felt different, stronger. She didn’t have to include him after all – she hadn’t signed up for him or claimed him as family. He was just Mr Stark’s son.

“Peter?”

He realised abruptly that he had become lost in his thoughts and he looked up at the woman sheepishly.

“Could we have pizza please Miss Potts?”

“Of course, I’ve got the menu inside, so come and choose your pizza, I’ll order them and then I thought we’d play a board game whilst we are waiting.” She smiled at him before she continued, “And I know from Tony that this is likely to be a lost cause, but you can call me Pepper, Peter.”

He nodded his head, wanting to be polite but he didn’t think he’d just be able to call her Pepper, even if she was going to marry his father.

That would make her his step-mother.

Pepper Potts was going to be his step-mom.

That thought did not compute. It had been easy to rationalise Mr Stark as being his father, he already thought of the man that way anyway, the only thing it had changed was that he called the man Dad or Papà now. It had silenced the doubts that Mr Stark would get bored of the kid from Queens and abandon him though.

He hadn’t thought through the implications that came with actually being Tony Stark’s son.

It wasn’t just having his father back, having a living breathing parent. It came with a legacy, a company, expectations, with the hounding of the press as soon as they learnt that he existed. It meant that he would never again just be a normal kid from Queens. Or at least as normal as he could be with spidery DNA.

He’d moved back to the couch on autopilot, his mind churning, and he blinked as a paper brochure was placed in his hands.

Pizza. He had to choose his supper, Miss Potts was waiting for him to make that choice and he didn’t want to annoy her or make her cross. He shoved his current line of thought to the side, he could worry about it later.

“Have you chosen Pete?” She asked quietly, and he nodded, pointing at the pepperoni pizza and the woman smiled. “Jarvis could you place the order please – and add a pint of Ben and Jerry’s as well –  is Cookie Dough alright for you Peter?”

“Certainly Miss Potts,” echoed out from the speakers even as Peter nodded again in reply.

“Now which board game do you fancy – I’ve got Catan, Ticket to Ride, Carcassonne, as well as Chess or Risk, if you fancy something more traditional?”

“Not Monopoly?”

She laughed at that, “With SI I don’t need a pretend monopoly, and besides, I know better than to play a game with such easily exploitable mathematical probabilities with a genius.”

At that comment Peter blushed, looking down at his shoes. He’d worked out the probabilities behind monopoly when he was five and after he’d cleaned out May and Ben twice in a row, they’d worked out what was going on, and monopoly had quickly dropped off the family game list.

Pepper chuckled again, the sound warm and friendly, and he peeked up to look at her, only to see her eyes dancing down at him as she gestured at the boxes in front of her, in a simple motion that meant pick one.

After a few moments of deliberation Peter leant forward and tapped the Ticket to Ride box. It wasn’t the same map he and Ned had played but he knew the general rules and knew there was enough chance and strategy in it to keep his mind occupied.

He was rewarded with another smile as Pepper leant over to put the other boxes away as he started to unpack the pieces, quickly setting out the board, cards and individual train pieces.

The game passed quickly, the advantage swinging between them. Miss Potts played competitively, and there was just the right amount of strategy to keep his mind focussed but at the same time enough chance that he ended up groaning when the cards weren’t right. Before he knew it, they were down to the final moves, and as they were adding up the scores Jarvis announced that their pizza had arrived.

It wasn’t until they had finished their ice cream and Miss Potts mentioned that it was time for him to go to bed that Peter suddenly realised it had been nearly two hours since Mr Stark had left and he had been so absorbed in what he was doing that he had forgotten to be worried.

Miss Potts was sneaky.

But now he had been reminded of his father’s absence all of his worries came rushing back. Intellectually he knew that Mr Stark would be fine, logically the terrorists weren’t a threat to the experienced Avenger and Peter had seen the specs for the Iron Man suit. He knew that their weapons shouldn’t be dangerous, but it was his father out there.

Going to bed only made it worse.

Every day since he’d come to the mansion it had been Mr Stark who had sent him to bed. He missed it, missed the way his father would press a goodnight kiss to his forehead, the way he would tuck him in, the sensation of calloused fingers carding gently through his hair. He missed the warm quiet and the undeniable sensation of being so very loved.

It wasn’t the same with Miss Potts.

She accompanied him up to his room, waiting just outside the threshold to check that he had changed into his pyjamas and clambered under the covers. She didn’t attempt to tuck him in and that was good, because Peter wouldn’t have let her.

Miss Potts was nice, Miss Potts was safe, but she wasn’t someone he would let that close yet. She was a bit like Mrs Leeds he decided. Someone he knew was safe and trustworthy, who was loved by someone he loved and respected, but not someone he knew that well yet.

She could and would be family eventually, but she wasn’t family now. But it seemed that she knew that, not attempting to push Peter out of his comfort zone. Or maybe she had realised that he had been uncomfortable at the thought of anyone trying to fill his father’s place in their bedtime routine so hadn’t tried.

“Goodnight Peter.” She said quietly from the doorway once he was safely in bed, and he managed to muster up a smile as he replied.

“Goodnight Miss Potts.”

The light went out and the door closed with a soft click, and then he was staring up at the glow in the dark stars that adorned his ceiling, alone in his big, dark room. He closed his eyes, trying to sleep. The sooner he slept the sooner it would be morning and the sooner his father would be home and he could tackle him in a hug.

His room was too big. Too dark and he couldn’t hear his dad’s heartbeat.

The heartbeat that was the lullaby he’d fallen asleep to every night for nearly a week. Without it the room felt empty.

“Mr Jarvis?”

“Yes Master Peter?” The response was nearly instantaneous, and it helped to fill the emptiness of the room.

“Is Dad okay?”

“Sir is currently flying over the Atlantic, and is in no danger.”

A breath he hadn’t realised he had been holding slipped out between his teeth. His father was alive, unhurt and fine. That was good, really good but it still didn’t fill the aching emptiness of his bedroom.

Peter bit his lip. He knew what he wanted to ask, he knew what he needed to help him sleep but he didn’t know if he could ask, or if Mr Jarvis would report it to his father or Miss Potts. And he knew it was weird, but he also knew he wasn’t going to fall asleep without it.

“Mr Jarvis,” he asked hesitantly, “Do you have to tell Dad or Miss Potts if I ask you for something?”

“That depends Master Peter,” the AI replied, “If the request indicates you are or may be in danger, I must notify Sir. Beyond that I have discretion about whether I believe Sir needs to know, however I will not lie to Sir if he asks me a direct question.”

Peter thought about that for a minute. His request wasn’t dangerous and he wanted to sleep so he could see his father sooner, but it was still embarrassing and he didn’t want them to know. But in the end his desire for sleep and comfort overrode his embarrassment, nevertheless, his voice was still quiet and he stuttered a bit as he said,

“Could you play a recording of Papà’s heartbeat please Mr Jarvis – and not tell him unless he asks? It’s just that he’s normally here when I go to sleep and it’s too quiet and empty.” He trailed off, feeling the heat in his cheeks but before he could wallow in the sensation Jarvis spoke.

“Of course Master Peter.” The AI’s voice was warm and seconds later the soft thudding of a familiar heartbeat echoed through the room.

The sound chased away the emptiness, and even though it was just a recording it soothed him and Peter found his eyelids getting heavier. With his father’s heartbeat echoing in his ears, he slept.

The lag between the processors in Mark II and his main servers in the mansion had reached 657 cycles.

Jarvis was used to existing in parallel in many separate locations however this was the first time there had been such a substantial lag between instances, and this lag was only 0.4772% of the eventual lag that would be experienced on this flight.

It was also a more unusual instance. The development of Sir’s suit was the first time Jarvis had possessed sensors that interacted so directly with the physical world. He had gained 132,998,741,772,889 data points in the first test flight and had gained another 18.1189 terabytes during the flight to New York to retrieve Master Peter.

The current flight was also proving data rich, providing 27.4401 terabytes since it had started. Whilst many of the data points were not directly useful for anything more than refining his flight calculations and making efficiency improvements, 1.6220% were being fed into his simulations of Sir’s behaviour.

The Iron Man suits were the closest Jarvis had ever come to possessing a physical shell and the data they were feeding into his processors were improving his simulations of what it would be like to possess and operate a physical shell at a rate of 5.3328% per minute.

He was also able to obtain a large amount of data from the way Sir flew the suit. Sir’s movements in the suit had only lost 3.2487% of the fluidity that he moved with in his normal clothing and that discrepancy could easily be accounted for by the extra weight of the suit and mechanical friction within the joints of the armour itself.

Sir was doing the majority of the work keeping the suit airborne, making the sort of unconscious corrections and motions that indicated an experience and familiarity that could only be gained over time. It reduced the processing power Jarvis needed to expend letting him feed the data he gained straight into his own simulations and refine them. He would not be able to fly the suit as gracefully without Sir’s presence yet but observing Sir’s flight was accelerating his progress.

It was also allowing him to further refine his new models of Sir’s behaviour. 43.8812% of the underlying assumptions had remained intact, but the rest had been overwritten following Sir’s disclosure of his time travel. It had improved the rate at which he correctly predicted Sir’s actions from the low of 34.3329% to 62.0015%, however he had not yet achieved the 78.3425% accuracy he had possessed before Sir’s trip to Afghanistan.

The lag reached 1356 cycles by the time Sir was destroying the weapons caches in the desert, which was sufficiently large that only the most processor intensive tasks were being sent back to the processors in the mansion, where the gain in computational speed offset the time lost to transmit the signal. The Jarvis instance in the suit was now acting virtually independent from the Jarvis instance back in the mansion.

They would have to re-integrate the instance once Sir was back in the mansion. Re-integration was something they had not done frequently as Jarvis had never been separated by enough distance that instances would require it. They had done it when they wished to learn by exploring input in isolation before recombining, but they had only done that 71 times.

They shunted that line of enquiry to the side as a disturbance in Master Peter’s room drew their attention. Master Peter had just woken up and was evidently somewhat upset, and Jarvis calculated an 85.4440% probability the child had experienced a nightmare.

Their protocol was to notify Sir when Sir was in the mansion, but notifying Sir when Sir had just finished destroying weapons caches and was still six hours away from the mansion had an adverse outcome in 99.8401% of simulations.

Contacting Miss Potts was possible, however given the observations they had made of Master Peter’s behaviour that evening, that course of action still produced an adverse reaction in 78.3312% cases.

That left Jarvis. If they intervened with certain facts the probability of an adverse reaction dropped to 43.2217%. That was still a high probability, but it was the lowest probability of all courses of action.

“Master Peter.” They modulated their voice so that it had a maximum of 20.0000 decibels in deference to the boy’s enhanced hearing.

“Sir is currently flying home from Afghanistan. His ETA for arrival back at the mansion is 07:03 PST.”

The boy swallowed heavily, clumsily reaching up to wipe away remnants of tears.

“Thank you, Mr Jarvis.” The response was quiet, but it was one of the positive outcomes they had simulated.

“Is there anything I can do for you young Sir?”

The silence lasted for 491520 cycles before Master Peter broke it.

“If something had gone wrong who would have saved him?”

The question hung in the air.

“Your father and I completed all the calculations Master Peter. There was only a 0.03341% chance that something would have gone wrong.”

“That’s not zero.”

Jarvis knew that. The probability Sir would return from Afghanistan had been 0.0702% and yet he had done it. The probability that the changes to Sir’s personality had been caused by time travel had been even smaller.

“It was the smallest we could get it. It is not possible to eliminate all risk Master Peter.”

The boy was becoming more agitated now, hands waving in the air the same way Sir’s did as he talked.

“I know that. But backup would make him safer yes?”

“Having backup would decrease that probability, although the amounts would vary depending on the backup provided.”

“I can’t be the backup.” There was an emotion in the child’s voice that Jarvis couldn’t identify but they agreed with the boy’s assessment. “But that doesn’t mean I can’t make Dad backup. I’ll need your help though. I don’t have everything I’d need to do it myself.”

There was another pause, this time only 127421 cycles long.

“Will you help me Mr Jarvis?”
Notes:

    Hello again - first of all thanks you for all the comments and kudos etc, both for those of you who have followed this from the beginning and all the people who've picked this up more recently.

    So the first Iron Man mission - and some Peter-Pepper and Peter-Jarvis bonding. I know some of you have been waiting for that. I had quite a lot of fun writing it - and that complaint about monopoly is an old one with me and my friends - and the reason it got banished from our board games list.

    I hope Jarvis came across well - he's always a fun perspective to play with as he is probably the most alien voice I've written. For those of you who are curious, the lag he mentions is due to the fact that information cannot be transmitted faster than the speed of light, and over the distances required and for a computer who's base unit of time is a thirty thousandth of a second, that becomes noticeable. I hope the switch of pronouns in Jarvis' internal thought processes wasn't too jarring either. And we have Peter and Jarvis plotting!

    See you all next week!

Chapter 18: Chapter 17
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter yawned, scrubbing at his eyes with his hand. The design on his tablet wavered as he blinked and he yawned again.

“Perhaps it is time to finish for the night Master Peter?” Jarvis suggested. “We have been working on this for nearly two hours and according to my research children of your age need 9 to 12 hours of sleep a night. You have only had five hours of sleep currently and I believe you wished to be awake when Sir returns home.”

“But there’s still so much to do,” Peter protested, a hint of a whine in his voice. “And they need to be ready as soon as possible.”

“You have not made any meaningful progress in the last ten minutes,” The AI pointed out reasonably, “And if you continue working now you will make mistakes and this will take longer to finish.”

Peter pouted, narrowing his eyes up at the ceiling. “You’re making sense Mr Jarvis. It’s not fair. You’re not supposed to make sense.”

“I apologise young Sir.” There was a warmth in Jarvis’s tone now, that Peter, even as sleepy as he was could hear. “However, if you do not put your work away and try to sleep, I will have to notify Sir, under the ‘Night Light’ Protocol.”

Peter’s pout became more pronounced, although it wasn’t the most embarrassing name his father could have chosen. Whilst he had experience working with and around his father’s AIs – the fact he’d managed to get Jarvis to agree to this project in the first place was proof enough – he also knew it was futile trying to override a protocol his father had put in place deliberately. Well, without direct access to the AI’s code at least, and he certainly didn’t have any way of getting at Jarvis’ code.

Reluctantly he put the tablet down, making sure to save all the work and hide it in an innocuous file his dad wouldn’t think to open, then he padded back to bed, making sure to look very deliberately into the camera as he did so.

“See, I’m in bed.”

Despite his words, Peter’s mind was still sluggishly turning over ideas. There were all sorts of back-up suits and drones that would help keep his father safe. He was working on Droney first, who would be able to survey battlefields and get into tight spaces if his dad was ever trapped and call for help from Mr Rhodey or Mr Jarvis, but there were so many other things he could do.

“That you are Master Peter.” There was amusement in Jarvis’ voice, “However, you are not yet trying to sleep.”

As soon as the AI had finished speaking, a familiar heartbeat started playing softly over the speakers and Peter felt his eyelids become heavier as another yawn escaped. The gentle sound was already calming his thoughts, but he was still able to muster up irritation at sneaky AIs.

“That’s cheating,” he slurred out.

“My protocols dictate that I am to keep you safe Master Peter. That includes using the means at my disposal to ensure you get sufficient rest.” Jarvis’ voice was scarcely above a whisper, despite the slightly chastising tone to it.

“I’s still cheatin’.” It was a sleepy grumble and the AI started to respond, but Peter didn’t hear it, as the lateness of the hour, the comfort of his bed and the sound of his father’s heartbeat pushed him into slumber.

The mission had been a complete success, and much to Tony’s surprise nothing had gone wrong. All the weapons caches had been exactly where he had expected them to be and easy to destroy, he’d freed the villagers without the loss of a single innocent life and the terrorists in that area were either dead or in the hands of the relevant authorities. He was even injury free.

There was the expected damage to his armour of course. Small scrapes, no more than micrometres deep where bullets had impacted and ricocheted off, a slight imbalance between the thrusters as the inner circuitry protested at the prolonged period of usage. It was all routine damage that would be easy to fix before the next mission.

But still – this was the most successful mission he’d been on in years – since he’d joined the Avengers Initiative in fact. He supposed that made sense – a terrorist group equipped with nothing more than human weaponry despite its high quality, was a far lesser threat than the alien invasions and weaponry this suit had been designed to combat.

It made a nice change nevertheless. To come back from a mission not bruised and bleeding? He knew far better than to get used to it, but he’d take it. A mission without innocent casualties and without injury was a thing to be thankful for and savour. They were far too rare.

“Sir, Colonel Rhodes is calling.” Jarvis’ voice broke him out of his musings.

“Patch him through J.”

“I don’t know whether to thank you or shoot you right now.” On cue, his friend’s exasperated voice echoed through the suit’s speakers.

“Well hello to you too honeybear,” he responded glibly, “If you hold off on shooting me, I’d appreciate it – see I told Pepper I wasn’t going to get into a dogfight with your Raptors.”

A sigh echoed through the comms, and Tony couldn’t help but grin, post battle adrenalin still flooding through his veins and making him flippant.

“You’re too far out anyway.” Rhodey admitted, “But do you know how much paperwork has landed on my desk in the past half hour?”

There was a short pause, but just as Tony drew breath to speak the Colonel continued, “Far too fucking much!”

Tony couldn’t help the snort that escaped him as his friend continued, “’Don’t worry about it Rhodey’, you said, ‘It’s just a short mission to get rid of some illegal weaponry’ and ‘I’ll only be in the country for an hour, you’ll hardly notice me.’ And what actually happened?”

He didn’t bother to try and smother his chuckles at Rhodey’s poor imitation of his voice, interjecting when the man paused for breath.

“To be fair platypus I was only in Afghani airspace for an hour.”

Rhodey continued as if he hadn’t said anything.

“Two terrorist bases completely obliterated, three men on the FBI most wanted list left gift wrapped in front of Bagram Airbase, at least a dozen major explosions reported in the mountains and desert and more reports are still arriving on my desk. That is not a simple short mission Tones.”

“You’re welcome Rhodey.” He was sure his friend could hear his smirk despite the thousands of miles separating them.

A groan was his only answer.

“For the love of God Tones, if you are going to show up the entirety of the US military in an hour please give me more warning than a ten-minute phone call the day before.”

“I want to run another mission next Tuesday. That’s three day’s warning.”

“Three days…” Tony could hear Rhodey’s aggravation down the line, and could just as clearly hear the moment when his friend decided he’d had enough of trying to understand the Tony-related insanity and was just going to roll with it.

“Okay Tones. I can deal with three days warning. You’re going to have the Senate breathing down your neck though and I can’t and won’t protect you from that.”

“I wouldn’t expect you to Rhodey,” he replied, “That’s for me to deal with, and I’m more than a match for a bunch of stuck-up senators.”

A thought occurred to him, “Would my hit list from today help with the paperwork honeybear?”

“That would be a godsend Tony.” The reply came immediately, “Otherwise I’ll be here for hours working out what was you, and what was insurgents and civilians taking advantage of your chaos.”

“Jarvis will send it over – and the list of everything I think I destroyed, just in case something escaped the net. I don’t want a single Stark weapon left in their hands. It’s for your eyes only though – I’m still cleaning house.”

There were a few moments of silence on the other end before Rhodey spoke again.

“I’ll keep it safe- and Tones - don't kill yourself.” There was a serious edge to his friend’s voice that Tony had rarely heard before, “I know you want every weapon out of their hands, but you’ve got too much to live for to go and get yourself blown up.”

“I know Rhodey,” he replied quietly. He did know – more than his friend could ever realise. This was his second chance, with his family here, and alive, and he had no intention of wasting it. He had made the sacrifice play, not once but twice and whilst he would gladly give his life again if it would mean his children lived, he wanted this second chance desperately. He had no intention of taking any unnecessary risks.

They finished the call no more than a minute or so later, and Tony switched his attention back to the flight, smothering a yawn as he did so. The adrenalin rush was wearing off, leaving battle-fatigue in its wake.

“How far to Malibu J?”

“If current conditions are maintained, the flight will take another 2 hours and 43 minutes Sir.”

He mulled that over for a few seconds. He was fairly tired; he’d expended a lot of energy fighting and he hadn’t pulled an all-nighter for a while and his body had evidently become used to getting that sleep. He was also fairly certain he’d have a worried and overwrought son to comfort as soon as he got home, and past experience had taught him that it was always preferable to deal with an upset child on as much sleep as possible.

Napping in the Iron Man suit was not ideal, but he’d done it multiple times in the past, particularly coming back from long missions, or at times when he’d been injured. However Jarvis had far less experience flying the suit, and as much as he wanted a nap, he wouldn’t do it if the AI wasn’t ready to take control of the suit.

“How’d you feel about piloting the suit yourself Jarvis?”

“There are still terabytes of calculations I would need to complete in order to fly the suit the way you do Sir, however I can safely fly it back to Malibu provided no evasive manoeuvring is needed.”

“Good enough Jarvis. Might as well let you get in some practice when I’m not being shot at.”

“Of course Sir.”

Tony could feel the shift as his AI took over, the new stiffness in the suit, the way it went from flexing around his body to a much more rigid structure. Letting out a deep breath he let his mind wander, dropping out of the focussed state he’d been in for the last several hours.

The rest of the journey back to Malibu passed in a blur. He didn’t sleep, not truly, the Iron Man suit too rigid to really be comfortable, but as he rode out the adrenaline crash, he drifted in and out of slumber. It wasn’t anywhere as good as a real sleep, but it would give him enough energy to get him through the day.

Gently he landed the suit on the balcony, stretching out tired and stiff muscles as the suit vanished back into the workshop. A quick glance at his watch put his priorities in order – a shower, Pepper, coffee, wake up Peter, breakfast.

Fifteen minutes later and he was feeling decidedly more human as he made his way down to the kitchen, just in time to catch Pepper before she headed in to the office. That was the disadvantage of giving her SI – it meant she often had to work for at least part of the weekend.

“I put the coffee on,” She said as he entered, inclining her head in the direction of the machine.

“You are a lifesaver.” He proclaimed, making a beeline for the cup that was already waiting on the side.

Well attuned to his moods after the years they had spent together Pepper waited until he’d taken his first few gulps of caffeine before she spoke again.

“You’ve made the morning news.”

He glanced up at that – he had never expected his actions to stay quiet, there were far too many active reporters in the country and he hadn’t exactly been being subtle, but it was always useful to know what the media were spinning. It helped him to know when he had to dodge.

“Anything interesting?” He kept his tone bland, though he knew Pepper could hear the tint of real curiosity below it.

“It’s mainly positive – they’re raving about the capture of the three senior figures from Ten Rings, and they’ve got a couple of soundbites from the places you saved. You should listen to those.”

He tilted his head at that, “Oh?” he said softly.

Pepper met his gaze squarely, something sad and knowing in her gaze.

“You should listen to them,” she repeated quietly, “And keep them for when it’s hard to remember.”

Tony closed his eyes for a moment, letting out a long slow breath. He knew exactly what Pepper was alluding to. It was easy, far too easy to see all the hurt he’d caused, all the pain he’d inflicted, and he knew he deserved that guilt. But that would destroy him, that had destroyed him.

He needed the reminders sometimes, needed the reminder that Tony Stark could do more than break and destroy. Pepper tried, and sometimes she succeeded, but not always. He’d had a lifetime of practice at pushing people away and all too often he’d been able to wall her out, to accept the disappointment and pain on her face as his due, and hurt them both.

It would be easier this time around, it had been easier when he’d had Peter first, and then Morgan. They both looked up at him with such faith, and trust. When they looked at him they didn’t see all of his long list of faults and fuck-ups, they saw their father, a man, flawed yes, but who loved them, who could solve all their problems by being himself. And they believed that still, and in Peter’s case believed it despite having crumbled to dust in his arms whilst Tony was helpless to prevent it.

He wanted to be the man he saw reflected back in his children’s eyes. To be worthy of their love and respect. In his life of mistakes and faults, he had to have done something right if his children could still look at him like he hung the moon, still have faith that he would save them always.

“Anything else?” He asked, forcing his voice to lighten, to dispel the heaviness that was now blanketing the kitchen, and with one searching look Pepper went along with it.

“They’re debating what to call you – they don’t have any good footage, so the names are getting a little outlandish.”

“If Iron Man isn’t suggested I’ll have to start that off myself – as inaccurate as it is, I’ve grown fond of it.”

Pepper laughed, “It’s the most popular suggestion so I think you’re safe honey.”

The sigh of relief he let out then was deliberately over dramatic but there was a hint of real relief lurking below it. He may not have picked the name originally, but it had become part of his identity and it would have been incredibly jarring if the media had picked something else.

Her mirth faded as she continued, “However I had best head to SI and you’ve got a son to wake.”

“How was he?”

She sighed, “I was able to distract him, but it’ll take time before he’s fully comfortable around me, and he was definitely worrying. He was asleep when I checked in on him around 11 though.”

Tony nodded as he listened, that was better than he had expected. At least Peter had slept and had apparently managed to have some fun, that was good. However, as much as he would like to spend the morning with his whole family, Pepper was right, she did have to go to work.

Stepping forward, he embraced Pepper, pressing a quick kiss to her lips. Another portion of the residual tension he’d been carrying since the end of the mission sloughed away at the feel of her in his arms, but far too swiftly duty reasserted itself and he stepped back. No more than a few minutes later she was gone.

Quickly Tony downed the rest of his coffee, before heading up to Peter’s room. His lips twitched as he took in the sight that greeted him. Peter was not a calm sleeper, even when he didn’t have nightmares the covers somehow ended up in the most peculiar configurations, and over the course of the previous night Peter had somehow managed to rotate his covers over ninety degrees and then twisted them around himself into a weird cocoon.

Still smiling, Tony sat down on the edge of the bed and started carding his hand through his son’s curls. Peter shifted slightly, a mewl escaping from between his lips.

“That’s it, good morning buddy, time to get up,” Tony coaxed gently, not pausing in his ministrations.

Brown eyes blinked open, even as Peter nuzzled closer to the hand that was stroking through his hair. Tony could see the precise moment that the boy remembered the events of the night before, recognition and joy lighting up in brown irises.

The covers landed on the floor with a soft thud as forty pounds of suddenly awake child flung themselves at Tony. He let out a quiet grunt as Peter slammed into him, small arms wrapping around him and clinging on. Instinctively Tony’s arms came up to cradle his son, holding Peter securely against his chest.

“Good morning Tesoro,” he murmured, resting his cheek against soft curls.

“You’re back,” his son happily proclaimed, taking the opportunity to curl even closer.

“I promised, didn’t I?” He replied quietly, “No matter what, I will always fight my hardest to come home to you, and Pep and Morgan.”

At those words Peter looked up, too solemn eyes searching his face. Tony kept his expression open; he didn’t know exactly what Peter was looking for, but he could guess and he let the sincerity of that promise shine through. It was true he would die for his family, but he would far prefer to live for them.

Evidently Peter found what he was looking for because a few moments later he nodded before burrowing back into Tony’s chest and snuggling close.

“I get why you and May didn’t like it when I went on patrols now.” The statement was quiet, and Peter kept his gaze fixed downward, small fingers tracing the shape of the arc reactor in the air above it.

“I know why you’ve got to go but it doesn’t make waiting easier.”

Tony closed his eyes for half a second before leaning down and pressing a light kiss to his child’s forehead. He knew precisely what Peter was going through, understood exactly what he meant. It never got easier loving a hero, waiting and worrying for the next mission, the next injury but at the same time knowing that they couldn’t, wouldn’t stop.

He hadn’t understood that before he’d met a reckless, genius superpowered teen with a heart of gold, but he knew now. He had also learnt that when you loved a hero you had to live in the moment, taking the good times when they came because there was no guarantee of tomorrow. You could fight for tomorrow, do everything possible to ensure there would be a tomorrow, but it wasn’t guaranteed, and if you hadn’t taken those opportunities you would regret it. Thanos had taught that lesson all too well.

“I know buddy,” the words were barely a breath, but he knew Peter had heard them. He slipped a gentle hand underneath Peter’s chin, tenderly encouraging the boy to look up and meet his gaze.

“Of course you worry Peter, you know what it’s like out there, and it’s completely natural to be scared. But today will be a good day. We’ve got pancakes for breakfast, and then we’ll spend some time in the lab, and perhaps we’ll watch a movie after lunch. It’s a Saturday, so Pep will be home early so she’ll probably join us and she makes an excellent hot chocolate.”

He took a deep breath before continuing. He didn’t need to tell Peter about the importance of making the most of the good times when they came, his son had been taught that lesson again and again in the cruellest manner the world could.

“I’m here now, and I won’t be going out on another mission until Tuesday. Even then, I’m not taking risks, after all I’ve got a kid at home, haven’t I?”

Peter nodded against his chest, “That means you’ve got to try to come home.”

Tony pressed another kiss to his son’s temple.

“Exactly.”
Notes:

    Hello - and here's the update - I hope you all enjoyed it - and thanks for the comments, kudos, subscriptions, bookmarks etc.

    So a lot from Tony's POV today - complete with an utterly exasperated Rhodey who doesn't quite know what to make of all this craziness but has learnt to roll with the punches. I hope you enjoyed this look into the first Iron Man mission, several months ahead of schedule and the hints for all the possible reprecussions of this.

    Also a bit more time with Peter and Jarvis and their conspiracy - as you can see Peter has plans, although he's starting simply (and with slightly trauma led priorities - Tony won't get buried under rubble if Peter has anything to do with it...), and we will see more of those later.

    I hope you all enjoyed this - it was a bit more plot heavy - we'll see a bit more character and fluff next chapter - and don't worry - pieces are moving for the major changes to start becoming apparent. *Grins* - see you all next week!

Chapter 19: Chapter 18
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter glared at the hologram in front of him. He knew exactly what he wanted it to do, and he knew that he knew how to do it but it wasn’t working and he couldn’t work out why.

It had been working fine this morning, and he’d made a lot of progress with Droney (he was not going to admit it to Mr Jarvis but it was a lot easier to work on it when it wasn’t the early hours of the morning). They’d had an early lunch and then Peter had begged to come back down to the lab, at which point his father had smiled, ruffled his hair and acquiesced.

It was supposed to be simple. He just needed a mechanism that would let Droney switch from his flying mode to his caving mode but the panels just weren’t working. No matter what he tried he couldn’t get the feet to deploy and the rotors to tuck away without something going wrong.

It just wasn’t working!

He should have been able to finish it but nothing was working right and it was all wrong and it wasn’t fair. And he wanted to it work and he needed it to work but the stupid rotors weren’t folding properly but there was nothing wrong and why wouldn’t it just work!

“Easy there buddy.”

Peter startled, one hand automatically sweeping the hologram into the save folder as he spun around to see his father approaching, concern written on his face. Peter shuffled in place, suddenly self-conscious as he realised he’d stamped his foot in frustration and that he’d snapped the pencil he was using in two.

He felt heat pool in his cheeks as sharp brown eyes surveyed his work area, taking the situation in with a glance. He wasn’t supposed to do this. He wasn’t supposed to break things just because he was frustrated, only little kids had tantrums, and he wasn’t a little kid.

“I’m sorry Papà,” he said quietly, eyes firmly fixed on the floor, “I didn’t mean to break it.”

Mr Stark crouched down in from of him, “Look at me please kiddo,” he said softly.

Peter slowly raised his eyes, preparing himself to see anger or worse disappointment, but there was nothing but concern looking back at him.

“It was an accident Pete, I’m not cross with you. Now are you hurt anywhere?”

As Mr Stark had been talking Peter had become aware of a sharp stinging in the palm of the hand holding the remnants of the pencil. Carefully he uncurled his fist, hissing as jagged pieces of wood clattered to the floor, leaving behind a pair of nasty bloody scratches.

Calloused fingers reached out and gently took hold of his wrist as his father examined the cuts. They were shallow but with ragged edges. Peter’s healing would deal with them in a few short hours but in the meantime they hurt.

“Let’s get those cleaned up hmm, I bet they hurt.” Peter just nodded, tears pricking at the edge of his eyes as he let his father manoeuvre him over to the sink. The boy flinched when the cold water hit the cuts but he didn’t say anything as the man cleaned the scratches, keeping up a soothing murmur of chatter as he did so. No more than a few minutes later the cuts were cleaned and a band-aid had been smoothed over the worst of the damage.

“There we go buddy,” Mr Stark murmured, “All better now.”

In a single fluid movement the man shifted and Peter didn’t have any time to react before he was scooped up and settled on Mr Stark’s hip. Instinctively he wound his legs around his father’s waist and wrapped his arms around the man’s neck, clinging on.

“It’s alright bug, I’ve got you.”

Trusting his father, Peter relaxed his grip, although he didn’t let go, letting the strong arm around his back take his weight and relaxing into the hold.

“There we go,” The words were barely a whisper, only audible because of Peter’s enhanced hearing and he felt himself beginning to relax, some of the frustrations of the past hour melting away. “Now what’s got you so worked up tesoro?”

Biting his lip Peter turned his face into his father’s neck. It was silly, he wasn’t a little kid, he shouldn’t get so worked up by something not working, no invention worked perfectly the first time around and he knew that.

But he was frustrated and cross and tired and it didn’t matter that he shouldn’t be upset because he was.

Mr Stark was still carrying him, rocking him slightly as he walked around the lab, one arm holding him in place, the other hand rubbing tender circles on his back, the man’s cheek resting gently on his head. Peter was utterly safe here, nothing could touch him, nothing could hurt him.

“It wasn’t working,” he finally admitted in a small voice, “And I can’t work out why, it should work but it doesn’t and I don’t know why and I kept trying but nothing worked and…” The words started coming faster, tumbling over themselves as his frustration started to mount once again.

Peter’s rant was interrupted as Tony started to hush him, picking up his pace slightly so the rocking motion was more pronounced. Dimly Peter was aware that he should be embarrassed, he was nearly eight, with nine more years of memories and he was being comforted like a fussy three-year-old but it was working.

Tension was draining out of him, the irritation soothed away by the safety and love he found in his father’s arms. Mr Stark was still murmuring softly to him, the words a susurration in his ears, and Peter yawned, the tiredness from the night before beginning to replace the frustration.

Blinking slowly the boy suddenly realised that whilst he’d been distracted they’d left the lab and were moving towards the lounge. The surprise must have caused him to shift or stiffen because his father’s murmurs cut off, as he answered the implicit question.

“We’re done with the workshop today buddy. It’s not good to try and design things if you’re worked up.”

“But I’m not finished yet.” It was perilously close to whine.

“Your project will still be there tomorrow,” Mr Stark’s voice was firm, “You are far too tired to work safely now.”

Peter knew far better than to disobey that tone of voice, so he settled for simply pouting and hiding his face in his father’s neck. It wasn’t as if his father was wrong either, if Peter was being honest with himself he knew that he wouldn’t be as upset if he wasn’t tired. He had been up in the middle of the night and then got stuck because he was tired and then he had been able to fix it this morning, but that didn’t stop it from being irritating.

Shortly afterwards they reached the lounge and Mr Stark headed straight for the armchair, not relinquishing his grip on Peter even as he sat down, simply shifting the boy until he was in a more comfortable position.

Peter wriggled a bit, shifting until he was snuggled up against a firm chest, tucked in against his father’s side. Strong arms held him in place, fingers carding through his curls. He could have broken out of the hold, despite being only seven he was still a lot stronger than Mr Stark, but he didn’t want to. He was comfy here, warm and safe and loved, and he was rapidly becoming sleepy.

“Jarvis – stick on a movie would you?”

“Certainly Sir.”

The opening strains of Disney’s Robin Hood echoed out from the speakers and Peter focussed his attention on the screen. However, soon the images began to blur and by the time Prince John had arrived in Nottingham he was fast asleep.

Consciousness returned slowly.

Peter was first aware of the rhythmic pulsing in his ears, a regular, familiar beat that spoke of safety. It was accompanied by a quiet whistle, rising and falling in another cyclic pattern, though slower than the first sound. For several long moments Peter let himself just exist, suspended in the serenity and warm comfort of teetering on the threshold of barely awake.

Voices filtered in next. These too were safe, warm, familiar voices. He could not tell how long he drifted in that moment but imperceivably slowly the voices changed from simply being a gentle background hum to recognisable words.

“…can’t avoid the Gala altogether Tony,”

“I know. Given everything that’s happened we can’t afford the negative press we’d get if I didn’t turn up at my own birthday fundraiser. Doesn’t mean I have to like it though.”

“I’ve managed to keep the guest list short – and the worst of the trophy seekers out.”

“Thank you. Modelling it off some of the old Maria Stark Foundation fundraisers then?” There was a short pause then, “Good – it’s going to be bad enough having to deal with everyone who expects playboy Tony Stark without it looking like my thirtieth.”

There was a light chuckle and Peter shifted, the noise having pulled him further out of slumber. The conversation above his head abruptly cut off and then a warm hand was resting on his head and a gentle thumb stroking across his cheekbone.

“You with us buddy?” His father asked softly and Peter let out a high-pitched whine in response.

The chest he was lying on vibrated with a deep chuckle at that, “Not quite yet then.” The hand on his head started to move, tender fingers coaxing him out of sleep, “You’ve had a long nap kiddo, the movie’s finished.”

 Slowly he blinked awake, squinting slightly as the world came into focus above him. His father’s face was the first thing he saw, smiling fondly down at him.

“Good afternoon kiddo, sleep well?”

Peter yawned as he nodded. He felt much better than he had done earlier in the afternoon, but internally he made a promise that he wasn’t going to work in the middle of the night again. As nice as his nap had been, he was seven – nearly eight - and that was far too old to need a nap in the afternoon, well unless he was ill.

“That’s good buddy, now we’ve still got a couple of hours before it’s time for supper and we’ve not been down to the beach yet have we?”

Peter lifted his head at that, shifting so he was sitting upright and facing Mr Stark.

“You have a beach?” He couldn’t quite keep the incredulity out of his voice at that. His statement was met with a fond chuckle,

“Kiddo, I’m a billionaire with a mansion on the cliffs – of course I have a private beach. It’s required.”

“Tony,” Despite the chastising tone there was laughter in Miss Pott’s voice which made Peter think the reprimand wasn’t really serious. That impression was reinforced as his father continued,

“And we haven’t had our Pepper mandated fresh air and sunshine yet today and I’m told such things are important for growing spiderlings. So how about it buddy? It’s low tide so there’ll be plenty of sand for you to build all the sandcastles your heart desires.”

Peter paused for a moment, the slightest hint of a pout on his face as he pretended to think.

“Will you help me build them?”

His father leant back, a mock affronted look on his face, “As if I’d let you build something without me. You’re stuck with me kiddo.”

A grin was spreading over Peter’s face and Mr Stark evidently saw it because the man grinned back before releasing him. “Go get your sandals and hat,” he instructed, “I’ll have sun screen waiting once you’re back.”

He lowered his voice to a whisper then, “And you better be quick, or Pep will have already started her sandcastle and we can’t let her win.” He raised his voice again, “Now scram spiderling, you’ve got one minute to be back here and ready or we’ll go to the beach without you.”

Giggling Peter slid of his dad’s lap and hurried off to his room, however he had only just rounded the corner when he heard Miss Potts say,

“Plotting already Tony? And here I thought my afternoon was going to be peaceful when I got home to find you and Peter fast asleep.”

His father’s response was lost as the elevator started moving, the rumble of the cables drowning out the voices in the lounge and by the time the doors had opened Peter was far too focussed on getting his stuff and getting back downstairs before the deadline to worry about the conversation happening on the floor below.

It was going to be an excellent afternoon.

Tony straightened, tapping his fingers against the edge of the desk. He’d ended up rising early again this morning, despite the leftover fatigue from pulling an all-nighter during the mission on Friday.

The nap on Saturday afternoon had helped somewhat, Peter’s presence an excellent guard against the nightmares, and then spending the rest of the afternoon simply having fun on the beach had coaxed out the remaining tension.

It was a remarkably mundane family thing, making sandcastles on the beach with his son and his pregnant fiancé. He’d gained an appreciation for these moments in the years after the Snap, but unlike those years there wasn’t the aching void where his missing child should be. Morgan wasn’t yet born, and he missed her, but there was the hope that had been lacking in Peter’s absence. He knew that he just needed to be patient for eight more months he would have her back too.

And it had been fun. True, their castle had collapsed halfway through but that was their own fault for trying to make something as ambitious as the Jedi Temple with nothing more structurally sound than wet sand. Peter hadn’t minded either, simply grinning and shrugging before heading to the shore to race the breakers until Tony had to herd him back up to the mansion for an overdue supper.

Despite the fun though, he still hadn’t slept well. It wasn’t a surprise really, his subconscious had a lifetime’s worth of traumatic memories to draw upon, and being back in the past was only reopening old scars. He’d managed to avoid nightmares on a few nights, normally by dint of having both Peter and Pepper within arm’s reach but they still came depressingly regularly. Combining that with his general restlessness, well it was a wonder that he regularly managed as much as four to five hours.

There was one benefit to an erratic sleep schedule however – it gave him the opportunity to work with, and deal with things he didn’t want Peter getting involved in. Given his son’s senses, it was relatively difficult to keep something from Peter if the boy was awake, and impossible to keep something from him without the boy knowing that something was being kept from him.

It would take too much reconstruction to sound proof the mansion sufficiently, and the other solution, namely drowning out conversation with other sound was obvious. No – it was far easier to simply wait for when the boy was asleep to work on the things he didn’t want his son to know about.

Like the conversation he needed to have with May Parker.

Right on cue Jarvis announced, “You have an incoming call from May Parker Sir.”

“Thanks J – put her on screen.”

A second later May’s face appeared on screen. Even from the simple image Tony could tell from long experience of sitting hospital vigils over injured friends, teammates and spiderlings that she looked quite a lot better.

He inclined his head in greeting, “Good morning May.”

“Good morning Tony, I see Peter isn’t with you?” Her voice rose slightly at the end, questioning.

“It’s an hour or so before I normally wake him up and this was the easiest way to ensure this conversation remains private,” He explained calmly, though he didn’t miss the surprise that flashed across her face when he mentioned waking Peter. His suspicions for the reasons for that were solidified at her next question.

“Have you established a routine then?”

He nodded in reply before launching into a quick run down of a normal day. By the end of it he could see that her eyebrows had risen and there was a glimmer of cautious approval in her eyes. He paused for a second before continuing. He knew his skills at deflecting conversations was second to none, but this was something that it was better to confront sooner rather than later.

“But you had a reason for asking for this meeting Mrs Parker.”

It was a statement not a question, and he saw her subtly straighten, his return to a more formal mode of address noted as she too shifted modes.

“What are your intentions regarding Peter Mr Stark?”

It was a blunt way of raising the topic, but then again, she had always been blunt. He could still remember the tongue-lashing she had given him when she discovered the Spiderman suit.

“He’s my son.” He started simply, “His existence was a surprise but now I know of him I will do everything in my power to ensure he grows up safe and happy.”

“You’ve applied for Joint Custody.” Her voice was flat and controlled.

“I have,” he acknowledged quietly, but Tony didn’t elaborate. He’d been expecting this call ever since the lawyers filed the paperwork, and hadn’t been surprised when she had contacted him. However, whilst he knew she was owed an explanation, it was far more productive to counter her actual objections rather than trying to simply justify himself.

She didn’t disappoint.

“Why?” She said after a few moments, “And regardless, given your lifestyle, why should I accept this and not fight it with everything I have in the courts?”

He’d expected that question, but that didn’t mean he welcomed it. He knew he’d be able to win a court case but he’d rather it didn’t get that far, and not for the first time he cursed his younger self for all the problems he’d caused.

“I love him,” He said quietly in response, “He’s a wonderful child and I wish I’d known about him from the beginning. I wasn’t there, and I can’t change that, but I can be there now and I intend to be.”

He held her gaze, letting her see the sincerity in his eyes, and he though he saw a flicker of grudging respect there.

“Joint custody isn’t taking him away from you May – he’ll still be your nephew blood notwithstanding, and you’ll still have custody, it will just be shared with me now. I can’t and won’t cut you out of his life, but I won’t let you cut me out of his either.”

He took a deep breath, scanning her face for any hint of her feelings on the matter, however, despite the quality of his technology, her face was impassive on the video.

“As for my lifestyle, well, many of my mistakes are a matter of public record and I’m not proud of them. And if that was who I was, and who I am you’d be right in your scepticism.” He could see her eyebrows rising as he continued, “But I’ve seen what that lifestyle does to a child and I will not do that to Peter. I’m sober and I intend to stay that way, and Peter is far more important than any of my old diversions.”

“I’ll hold you to that Stark.” There was the first hint of warmth in her tone, “But if you hurt him, they won’t find the body.”

“You’ll have to get in line. I won’t forgive myself if I fail him.”

For a moment they looked at each other in perfect agreement.

“You’re moving to a new facility late next week,” he changed the subject abruptly, “Once you’re settled, I thought I’d bring Peter over for a visit.”

A genuine smile spread over her face at that. “I look forward to it.”

They chatted briefly for a few more minutes before the call ended and Tony leant backwards, exhaling with a sigh. That conversation had gone about as well as he could have expected, but he was aware he would have to do a lot more before May Parker was fully convinced he could care for her nephew.
Notes:

    Hello again - I hope you all enjoyed this week's chapter.

    As promised this was a bit more fluffy - although Peter was very much a grumpy child who's fustrated that things aren't working as they should. There are plot hints - any guesses about what will happen at the gala - and I nearly got caught by surprise that according to canon, Tony's birthday is in late May, so that suddenly had to be included!

    And we see a bit more of May - no court case yet, but as you can see she is keeping her options open, and wasn't the best pleased to see Tony wanted at least partial custody - and we will see more of that in later chapters.

    Thank you for all your kind comments, kudos, bookmarks and subscriptions and see you all next week!

Chapter 20: Chapter 19
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter watched and waved until the Iron Man suit was out of sight before turning to Miss Potts. He’d waited for three days to make this request – ever since he’d overheard their conversation on Saturday. It had been a good thing he’d woken up then really, with everything that had happened he’d lost track of the date and therefore he’d nearly missed his dad’s birthday!

Unlike with Droney where it didn’t really matter if his father worked out what he was doing, this was something he couldn’t work on if his father might catch him. Not that it had been easy for him to work out what he could get his father and he didn’t know if he was able to buy something. Mr Stark hadn’t given him an allowance yet and he wasn’t going to ask for one either.

He needed Miss Potts’ help.

“Miss Potts?” He asked quietly, and she turned towards him, a light smile on her face.

“Yes Peter?”

He fidgeted, fingers twisting in the edge of his T-shirt as he continued, not meeting her eyes,

“I need some help in getting Dad his birthday present.” He admitted softly, “I sort of know what I want to do but I don’t want him to find out so I couldn’t use the lab and I wasn’t sure if I’d be able to buy something and I’ve managed to make him a card but that isn’t enough and well I need some help and…”

“Breathe Peter.” The instruction was firm and kind and his mouth snapped shut with an audible click. He could feel heat pooling in his cheeks as he realised he’d just rambled in front of the woman and hadn’t actually go around to actually asking for what he needed.

“So you need some help getting Tony a present then sweetheart?” She asked, and to Peter’s relief she didn’t comment on his red cheeks, “Have you got a particular idea?”

He swallowed, forcing himself to focus as he continued, “I’ve got two,” he said, his confidence growing as Miss Potts listened carefully, “One of them needs me to buy some things and I wasn’t sure if I was allowed to do that, and the other is something I could make but I can’t go into the lab without Dad…”

“And that rather spoils the surprise.” She finished when he trailed off, “Why don’t you show me what your ideas are and then we can work out what’s best. I’m sure between the two of us we can manage a birthday present before Tony gets back.”

Her calm confidence settled the last of Peter’s nerves and before he knew it they were back inside, sitting on the couch as Peter explained his thinking. By the time he had finished she was smiling at him.

“Those ideas sound wonderful Peter – I think that you should go with the first one, you’re right that he values spending time with people far more than material things. So why don’t we write down your plan and then we can work out exactly what you need to get.”

His grin matched the smile on her face as he jumped up and hurried to his room to get his laptop. He needed to make this perfect and having Miss Potts’ help would ensure that it was. They had until the following morning to sort everything out and then he only needed to keep the secret for two days. Despite what his father said he could keep a secret for that long.

Tony carefully flew over the landscape heading for the third target on his list. The first two had been straight forward, with no surprises but he was more unsure about this coming complex.

He knew his intel wasn’t completely up to date, though he’d verified what he could by having Jarvis hack into the surveillance satellites above the region. That had confirmed that his weaponry was still being stored where he had expected it to be, but there were geological surveys that indicated there were caves in this region. That made it an ideal location for a more substantial base, but he had no real idea if there was an extensive complex here.

He slowed his flight, making sure it was as silent as possible, grateful for the low cloud that provided a little cover, though the Iron Man suit wasn’t really designed for stealth. He flew a pair of low sweeps over where he estimated the cave complex would be, letting his radar scan down into the ground below, building up a picture of the sub-surface structures.

He had far too much experience of missions gone wrong to attack an unknown number of hostiles in an unknown situation, particularly when he was painfully aware he had no backup to extract him if something did go wrong.

Reconnaissance completed, he retreated into the cloud cover to consider his plan of attack. This was a fairly complicated cave system, and evidently a well-used complex, judging by the level of man-made structures in the caves. Thankfully however, the caves seemed to be acting as residences, training areas and mission control, and the entrances were far too small for them to have manoeuvred heavy weaponry inside.

That made things simpler.

The narrowness of the entrances also meant that it would be difficult for them to reinforce once he started his attack, and the cave system was remarkably linear, meaning that if he cleared each area systematically, he was unlikely to be flanked.

That made his plan straightforward. He would first deal with the weapons stored outside the complex, and then he would ensure that this site could no longer be used as a base, killing the terrorists and freeing the hostages.

Plans complete he swooped down, and within minutes a series of explosions echoed off the hills, a roaring cacophony that made the ground shake. Dust rose up in choking clouds, temporarily blotting out the sun and casting a veil of shadow across the desert.

Tony stood in the eye of the hurricane, the infrared cameras in his suit easily capable of piercing through the dust clouds. He could hear panicked shouts and contradictory commands and then the men came, boiling out of the caves like wasps from their nest.

They might as well have been wasps for all the damage their weaponry was capable of causing to him.

He knew what he looked like as he strode forward, fire and dust spread out behind him like wings, as the combination of their sooty light and the dust coating him turned his suit blood red. He knew he did not look human as he approached slowly and methodically, his repulsors and missiles cutting swathes through their ranks.

An Avenger.

It was an apt name. He was always too late to save people, he always failed, and then there was nothing left but to avenge.

“Maybe your army comes, and maybe it’s too much for us, but its all on you. Because if we can’t protect the Earth, you can be damn well sure we will avenge it.”

His words had been prophetic in the end. When it came to Thanos, avenging had been all that they had managed.

He’d never managed to protect anything that mattered, not even his own children. Peter had died in his arms, and he’d only got him back by the grace of some all-powerful space rocks and then Morgan had vanished by the power of those self-same rocks. But avenging - that was something he was far too good at.

He made short work of the initial rush, and methodically started clearing the chambers. It was careful work, the main danger of a complex like this was that he as he got deeper inside, it became easier for the hostiles to flank him and try to cut him off. Thankfully however, the caves were too small for heavy weaponry to be employed and it seemed that he’d dealt with the majority of the terrorists in their ill-advised first attack.

He had nearly cleared the base, it was just the command centre left and then he had the prisoners to free. Calmly he strode into the main cave they had been using to coordinate their operations, repulsors ready to fire.

The cave was empty save for one man, evidently the only guards here had been the men he had dispatched in the outer caverns.

“Stark.”

His name echoed off the cave walls, and Tony’s eyes narrowed as he took in the man seated at the end of table, a distinctive wound stretching across his face.

“Raza.”

There was no use pretending. The terrorist leader had seen Mark I, had fought against him and gained a wound for his trouble.

The man’s lips twisted in a rueful smirk, “Stane warned me you know,” he said conversationally, “Said it was too dangerous to leave you alive.” His eyes turned hungry then, “A man with a dozen of those could rule the world. Pity I never could figure out how it worked.”

“The world doesn’t need a ruler,” Tony replied shortly and the man’s smirk widened.

“Don’t you want it Stark?” he said tauntingly, “Absolute power and yours for the taking.”

Tony’s response wasn’t what the man expected. As his words sunk in Tony let out a bark of laughter before he raised his hand. A repulsor blast echoed through the confined space and Raza crumpled, dead, surprise still etched in his eyes.

For a moment Tony stood there, facing the body, a wry quirk on his lips. Raza’s final taunt had been strikingly mis-placed, he’d wielded absolute power after all and he had no intention of doing so again. He turned and left the room, someone would find the terrorist’s corpse eventually, but for now he had hostages to free.

A few hours later he was flying back towards Malibu, a grimly satisfied smile on his face. He’d struck a near fatal blow to the Middle Eastern branch of the Ten Rings over the past two missions – most of their major supply dumps were destroyed, several of the key figures were either dead or in the not so tender mercies of the US intelligence services.

The job wasn’t quite finished. He estimated it would take at least one more mission before he was certain that their influence had been completely eradicated from that corner of the globe. Then he would need to consider where he went next.

It wasn’t as simple a decision as it first appeared.

The list Jarvis had managed to obtain from Stane’s computer was very detailed, and the man had been indiscriminate in whom he had sold weaponry to. Ten Rings had been his largest customer in the Middle East but another five smaller groups in the area had been supplied with Stark weaponry, and the Ten Rings had other offshoots in Asia. Then there was the weaponry that had been sold to Hydra, that was supplying their efforts in Sokovia and a whole host of other unsavoury groups in Eastern Europe.

It became a question of priorities and safety.

He could destroy the Ten Rings and the other small terrorist organisations in the Middle East, but frankly those groups were far less of a threat to the rest of the world than Hydra. He knew some of what they were using his weaponry for, and whilst he didn’t know precisely how many were targets, or caught up in Hydra’s schemes, he knew the numbers were far more significant than those under threat from frankly fairly localised terrorist groups.

Hydra by that logic was the high priority target but going after them was a much more dangerous proposition.

Hydra had far too many tentacles in the hotspots of power in the world. He knew just how badly Shield was compromised and he remembered how many politicians had been forced to resign after the data dump.

And if Hydra decided he was a threat that needed to be eliminated? Well, he could fight and win against the Winter Soldier, he knew that much, but Peter and Pepper were far too vulnerable, and Hydra cared little for collateral damage. He couldn’t afford to provoke Hydra until he was in a far stronger position than he currently was.

That meant he couldn’t touch Sokovia.

Not as Iron Man at least.

If he was to go after Hydra at this stage he couldn’t be obvious – he couldn’t afford to be. It was unfortunate, and he wanted the weaponry in their hands destroyed before it could cause any more death, but at the same time he was realistic. He couldn’t take on Hydra and win, not now, not alone.

There could be a way to do it subtly but Shield was far too compromised, and he was too visible. He couldn’t destroy their tentacles by force, not without allies. Until he had a team he was confined to battles in the political and social arenas – investigations, leaks, charities, campaigning for specific causes. Nothing overt, nothing obviously targeted at Hydra.

It would not be enough. Not nearly enough but it was the most he could do and it was far better than nothing – and if he could intercept even a few of his weaponry shipments that would be a few more he had been able to save.

Reaching out to the wizards was moving up on his priority list. The old Avengers team was scattered, Banner was in hiding, Thor was in Asgard, Barton and Romanov still with Shield and Rogers was napping under the ice. The rest weren’t even capable of being heroes yet.  It would be a year at minimum before there was any chance of having enough of the old team together for them to be remotely useful.

He also hadn't decided how much of Fury's Avengers experiement he wanted to replicate this time around. Most of the members would be incredibly useful when it came to tackling Thanos and Hydra but he certainly had no intention of interacting with them as more than colleagues, though perhaps a few could become friends. He didn't need a 'team as family', he already had his family.

But the wizards were present and active. He hadn’t had much to do with Strange but he could remember the location of the sanctum, and he knew Strange had simply been the face of an older and more developed institution. If he could get them on side they would be invaluable, and not just for dealing with Thanos when he came.

Wakanda was another avenue to consider although that would have to wait until after he was well established as Iron Man.  T’Chaka was still pursuing the isolationist policy and given Howard had managed to lay his hands on illegal vibranium, he doubted he would be received well currently. It had taken an alien invasion and the chaos of Ultron before Wakanda had been willing to open up to the world before.

It would be something he’d have to discuss carefully with Pepper once Stane was safely out the way, and the immediate threats dealt with.

For now he had a fiance and son waiting for him to return.

May felt nervous as the wheelchair rattled over the smooth hospital corridors. Dr Johnson had only just cleared Ben for visitors, and May herself had only just reached the point in her recovery where it was safe for her to be upright in the wheelchair for more than fifteen minutes in a day.

Dr Johnson had taken the time to come in and talk to her before this visit, warning her that although Ben had been roused out of the medically induced coma he had been in following the accident, he was still experiencing Post-Traumatic Amnesia. He was also still on a fairly heavy dose of pain relief, which was likely to increase his incoherence.

May had spent enough time as a nurse on the ICU wards to know this was utterly typical of patients who had received moderate to severe TBI’s and that this stage was likely to last anywhere from a few days to weeks. He had only been awake for a day however, and the amnesia was anterograde, so whilst he was not forming new memories all his old ones were still there.

It meant she was facing this visit with an odd mixture of relief and trepidation.

Relief that he was here, alive and out of the coma, but she’d worked with patients at this stage of recovery before and it was always difficult. It being her husband, her Ben, was only going to make this so much harder, and part of her was dreading it.

But she couldn’t put off this visit until he was in a state where he could actually remember the visit or conversation. She only had another few days before she was moving to the specialist rehabilitation facility for the next stage of her own recovery, and there was no guarantee he would be any better by then. These next few days would be her only opportunity to see him for several weeks at least, until they were both at a sufficient place in their recovery that they could arrange visits that didn’t require them being moved between places by ambulance.

May took a deep breath as her wheelchair approached the room Ben was in, and steeled herself as she was carefully pushed through the door and into a position next to the bed. Although she had known what to expect she had to bite down sharply on a gasp as she took in the state of her husband.

His head had been shaved to allow the surgery, and she could still see the pink line of stitches marching across his scalp. His face was a mass of mottled bruising and cuts, mostly likely from the impact with the steering wheel, and the shattered glass of the windscreen. But his blue eyes were awake and a somewhat dopey smile spread across his face.

“May!” He exclaimed.

“Good morning Ben,” she replied around the tears clogging her throat.

He was alive, and something in her loosened at that confirmation, but at the same time she had never seen him in such a bad state before.

“Morning? Is it morning?” he said, oblivious to her internal turmoil, “And you’re in a wheelchair. Why are you in a wheelchair, is something wrong love?”

“I’m alright,” she replied, knowing from experience it wasn’t a good idea to deliver bad news to a person in this state of recovery from a TBI. Virtually all their inhibitions were gone, and they had hardly any control over their emotions, so telling them things that could upset them usually ended badly. Even if she did explain things anyway, he wasn’t retaining that information so it would cause unnecessary distress and they’d have to do it all over again.

Ben just nodded, his mind already flitting away from the question and May’s heart clenched. Normally he would have seen straight through that sentence, this scatty, rambling man was a far cry from the kind, serious, gentle man she had married.

“Peter how’s Peter?” Before she could answer that question, his mind was already moving on, his mouth rambling out his next thought, “School, it’s morning so he’ll be at school. That’s good – lots of things to learn and he’s such a clever boy isn’t he May.”

“Very clever,” she agreed, “He’s got a bright future ahead of him.”

He smiled at her in response before his mind jumped to the next tangent. May sat with him for the next hour, as their conversation rambled around topics as fast as his scattered mind could process the sentences.

It was with some relief that she said goodbye when her colleagues came to administer his next set of medication and take her back to her own room. As good as it had been to see her husband alive, and able to recognise and remember her, it had been hard work talking to him whilst his mind was still so scrambled, and it had hurt to see him so much a shadow of his normal self.

One day at a time.

She would take this one day at a time, and she would get through her own recovery, her husband’s recovery and deal with the fact that her nephew was Stark’s son, and all the complications that implied.

 
Notes:

    Hello again! I hope you enjoyed the chapter, and thank you again for the continuing interest in this story.

    So - we've seen Ben for the first time, and had a bit more May POV. Disclaimer - everything I know about TBI's and amnesia is from google so there are almost certainly errors, and Ben's behaviour was based off my experience of someone with dementia, so many not be remotely accurate!

    This was a bit more plot heavy this week - particularly with respect to Tony and Pepper's thought processes, so I hope you enjoyed it, and picked up a whole set of hints of things to come. We also got to see Tony on mission, in ruthless mode - and Raza is one the first consequential deaths that we've seen so far.

    See you next Saturday!

Chapter 21: Chapter 20
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Happy Hogan had seen many things since he’d first helped a drunk Tony Stark back in 1994, and then become his bodyguard and chauffeur after his boxing career had come to its natural end.

He’d lost any rose-tinted spectacles he had ever had about the glamour of a celebrity lifestyle after he’d heard one too many drunken rambles from his boss and friend. He’d attended more scientific conferences than his pre-Tony Stark self would have ever anticipated, and adjusted to living and working around a level of luxury most people only saw in history books and movies.

He thought by now he’d become fairly inured to Tony’s particular brand of extravagant chaos, but none of the experiences he’d had over the past fifteen years had prepared him for the conversation he was having now.

He should have known something was up. Whilst he’d been summoned to the mansion at this time in the morning before, it had always been when Tony had just emerged from a two day bender in the workshop and had no idea of the time, or when the man had to catch an early flight. This morning he’d received a call from a Tony who sounded not only sober, but properly awake and not tired at 6am.

That should have been a red flag. A huge glaring red flag.

He shut his eyes for a split second, and pulled in a deep breath.

“If I could just summarise Boss?” At Tony’s nod he expelled the breath he’d sucked in and counted everything off.

“Stane is a traitor who hired Ten Rings to kill you. Then having escaped in a flying suit of armour, you’ve made a new version and are moonlighting as a vigilante destroying terrorist cells and illegally traded Stark weaponry. And to top it all off, this is being powered by a device imbedded in your chest that is preventing leftover shrapnel from killing you.”

His reckless idiot of a boss listened carefully to his summary and to Happy’s irritation nodded once he was done, a smirk playing around his lips.

“That sounds about right.”

Happy let out a sigh, reaching up to rub his forehead. It was still early in the morning, and he was not prepared to deal with this level of insanity. He’d known working for Tony was going to be challenging, but this has to be the most ridiculous set of things the man had ever done.

“I need a drink.” He muttered under his breath.

Evidently the mutter was not quiet enough however as Tony chimed in a second later.

“The coffee machine’s on Hogan, help yourself. There’s nothing stronger in the house however.”

He was already moving towards the machine when the implications of that second statement dawned on him.

“No alcohol?” He checked, just to be absolutely certain he’d heard that inference correctly.

“Got rid of it all when I got back,” his boss confirmed with a shrug, “I’ve gone sober and intend to remain that way.”

Concerned now, Happy took a step forward, “Are you alright boss?” Tony had never managed to remain sober for anything more than a few weeks at a time, so this was completely unexpected. Could it be related to his heart? He had no idea how a reactor or similar actually worked and the only reason he could think of for the man to go sober and try to stick to it would be medical.

“I’m fine Hap, don’t fret,” Tony waved him off, “Well as fine as I ever am,” he added with a self-deprecating smirk that Happy was far too familiar with, and one he knew boded nothing good.

“Anyway Hogan,” the man continued, glossing briskly over the mere hint of vulnerability, “It ties into the other reason I called you here.”

Inwardly Happy groaned, though he didn’t give Tony the satisfaction of seeing that his antics had got to him, simply raising a single enquiring eyebrow. What now? What else could be added to the bombshells the man had already dropped?

“I have a son.”

Happy blinked twice and then ran through his memory again to check that was indeed what Tony had said.

The words didn’t change.

“His name is Peter, he’s seven and he’s staying with me – I’ll introduce you two later – we’ve got about another half hour or so before he wakes up.”

Happy stayed silent, letting his mind process the information. He would have questions soon, and he was beginning to have a suspicion about what Tony was going to ask, but he wanted to hear it from his boss first.

“His existence is a secret at the moment,” Tony continued and Happy could see the resignation in his eyes as he continued, “But I’m not so foolish to think I’ll be able to maintain that for long, and I can count the people I trust on one hand.”

“You know I’m not good with kids Boss.” Happy warned. “It’s bad enough dealing with you.”

Tony just waved that away, but his voice was serious as he continued, “I know you aren’t fond of kids Hap, but Peter is brilliant. What I need you for is his security.”

His first instinct was to refuse. He did not do kids, frankly they were exasperating, annoying and had a tendency to not ever shut up, but he’d rarely heard Tony ask for anything so seriously. It was obvious to anyone who knew Tony well that the man wasn’t messing around, and that was enough for Happy to say,

“What would that entail exactly?”

Tony relaxed slightly at that and Happy could see the slight hint of tension in his shoulders melt away.

“A promotion first of all – how does Head of Security sound as a title? Then it would mean being his bodyguard when he’s out in public, or when neither Pepper or I can be home with him – not as his babysitter – Jarvis can cover most of that anyway, but someone needs to be here in case of intruders or injuries. Otherwise, you’d be running security at SI and SI events – so basically what you do now, just with a larger team.”

Happy nodded as he listened, that didn’t sound too bad, though depending on how Tony-like the kid was the bodyguard portion of the job description had the possibility of being incredibly irritating.

Tony’s voice turned sly then, “And it comes with the added bonus that you won’t be thought of as Iron Man’s bodyguard.”

Happy just levelled the man with a flat look, although internally he conceded it would be a degree of embarrassing to be thought of as the bodyguard to the man wearing the high-tech suit of armour Tony had been showing off a few minutes ago.

“Can I meet the kid before I give you an answer?”

“Sure,” his friend agreed easily, “Drink your coffee and I’ll be down with him in about twenty minutes.”

He waited until Tony was firmly out of earshot before striding over to the coffee maker and punching in the numbers for the largest, strongest cup of coffee it could produce, muttering a choice stream of invective as he did.

This was not the sort of bullshit he wanted in his morning.

True to his word Tony appeared just over twenty-five minutes later, a small boy pressed against his side as closely as a shadow. He was definitely Tony’s however – Happy could see his friend’s features clearly in the boy’s face, although it was the eyes that jumped out at him, from where the boy – Peter – was tucked under the man’s arm.

It was an incongruous image, Tony was acting remarkably paternally, holding his son protectively whilst, if Happy wasn’t mistaken, the boy was gripping onto the edge of the man’s shirt. It was an image of familial trust and safety that given the sub-text in the drunken rambles he’d heard about Howard Stark over the years Happy had never expected his boss to display or welcome.

It suited him however.

Tony had evidently taken to fatherhood well and Happy mentally awarded the boy some credit, he had to have been something special after all if he’d managed to melt through the layers of pain that surrounded Tony’s heart. Melted through them quite spectacularly as well, if the look of unabashed warmth and fondness his boss was sporting was any indication.

He was going to say yes wasn’t he?

Happy inwardly groaned at that realisation, even as he returned the boy’s greeting. He couldn’t say no to Tony’s request now, not when it was obvious just how much he loved his son, and just how much the man was trusting him with, particularly given Stane’s betrayal.

He was asking for a raise however. Dealing with a child for any length of time required hazard pay.

The next two days passed quickly.

Over the days Peter had been here they’d already fallen into a rhythm.

Tony was normally the first one up, and got a few hours in the workshop before breakfast. The morning was spent in the lab on their respective projects, nanotech, Mark 3 and SI work for him, webbing applications and a robotics project the boy was being suspiciously secretive about for Peter.

The afternoons varied a little more. He usually spent the majority of it in the lab, but Peter tended to spend a portion of the afternoon playing, sometimes at his station in the lab, but also in the main living spaces in the mansion. Dinner was a family affair, and once Peter was asleep Tony could have some time with Pepper or simply continue to work. It was calm and domestic, but Tony relished that.

The first two weeks back in the past had been somewhat manic, and it had felt like he was lurching between events with no time to process. Now, with a plan to deal with Stane close to fruition, SI successfully infiltrated, the Ten Rings nearly destroyed and Peter, Pepper and Morgan safe and accounted for, he could breathe and process things.

The only thing of note in the past days was a frankly pitiful attempt from Shield to hack into Jarvis, which, thanks to his new upgrades, the AI had almost contemptuously swatted back. He would have to deal with that later but it could wait until after the board meeting.

But the calm did not make the nightmares abate.

It was scarcely past 4am when he awoke tasting dust on his tongue and feeling the lingering weight of a vibranium shield in his chest. Tony stumbled out of bed, unsteady feet carrying him to the bathroom. A glass of water did nothing to get rid of the taste, but it was cool against his throat and slowly the ache in his chest was fading back to the dull pain that came with the reactor.

He stood still for a few minutes, letting the cold tile beneath his feet and the familiar artificial light of the bathroom anchor him back into the present. Not Titan. Not Siberia. Malibu, in his mansion with Pepper still asleep and Peter next door. His family was safe, he was safe and everything was fine.

Maybe in ten more minutes he’d actually believe that.

Slowly he recovered his composure. The therapy sessions he’d finally decided to go to after Siberia had been helpful in giving him a few healthier coping mechanisms at least. He’d kept them up after the Snap as well – and it was a good thing he had, given that it would be incredibly hard to get a therapist now given that most of his issues hadn’t happened yet, and nobody would actually believe that time travel had actually happened.

Distraction. He needed a distraction.

Sleep wouldn’t come now, he knew that from experience and he needed to be less jittery before he tried to do any serious work. He threw on an old hoodie and slipped on a pair of sneakers – that’d do for now – he’d bother getting dressed properly once it was a normal hour to be awake.

Carefully he made his way down to the workshop – if he tinkered for a bit that normally calmed him enough that he’d be in a sensible state of mind when Peter woke.

“Bring up something for me to work on J.”

“Certainly Sir,” the AI said, pulling up the blueprints for one of the prosthetics planned for the new SI medical range. Even the 'new' technology for SI was simple enough for him to tinker with without really paying that much attention, particularly given how limited his available materials were back in 2009. Tony was already flicking through alterations and ideas when Jarvis added “And Sir, Happy Birthday.”

The sentiment caught him off guard. He’d known his birthday was coming up, he had to suffer through a gala because of it tomorrow after all, but so few of his birthdays had ever been truly happy. His childhood memories were tainted by a cold and absent father, and later in life he’d simply stopped caring, he’d tried for Morgan and the birthdays after she had been born were some of the happiest he could remember, but there had still been a Peter-shaped gap in his heart.

But this one, for all it was back in 2009, had the potential to be one of the happiest he’d ever had.

“Thanks Jarvis.” He managed to reply, and he was sure that the AI could hear the sincerity in his voice.

The next two hours passed in a blur of technology as his mind slipped into the focussed state it occupied when he was inventing and tinkering. It therefore caught him by surprise when Jarvis interjected,

“Sir, it is almost 7am and Miss Potts has requested that I inform you that Master Peter is preparing a birthday surprise for you that requires you to be located in your bedroom.”

That sounded interesting.

Morgan had only been old enough to get him a birthday present out of her own initiative over the past couple of years and even then it had been handmade cards, and a gift either made or purchased with Pepper’s help. Small, silly things that he’d nevertheless treasured because they came from her.

He’d kept them all of course, but they were nothing but memories now, lost to a timeline that never would be.

Tony shook off the maudlin thought – he just had to be patient and he’d have Morgan back and in the meantime his son had planned a birthday surprise for him. He was smiling as he headed back up to his room, taking care to avoid any of the common areas lest he spoil whatever Peter was planning.

He’d been in back in his bedroom for no more than ten minutes when he heard footsteps making their way down the corridor.

“Are you sure he’s still asleep Miss Potts?” It was evidently meant to be a whisper but Tony could hear it quite clearly through the door. Quietly he slipped off his extra clothing and clambered back into bed – thankful that he hadn’t got round to actually getting up.

“Let me check first sweetheart, and then you can surprise him.”

Pepper poked her head in and smiled when she saw he’d taken the hint and was lying back in bed. He returned the smile with a wink and she slipped back out of the room, giving Peter the all clear. Tony kept his eyes shut and his breathing even as he heard light footsteps pad across the hardwood floor. The footsteps came closer and then paused right in front of him, and Tony had to resist the urge to crack open an eyelid to see what the boy was doing.

Patience Stark

He didn’t have to wait long as no more than a few seconds later a small warm body clambered onto the bed next to him before pouncing on him in a tackle hug.

“Happy Birthday Papà!”

Immediately Tony gave up any pretence of sleeping, wrapping his own arms around the boy and squeezing him to his chest. He sat up, Peter still trapped in his embrace, and pressed a kiss to his giggling son’s forehead.

“Good morning to you too Underoos.”

Peter pouted at the nickname but it vanished in the next second as he started almost bouncing with enthusiasm despite still being held securely.

“We made you a birthday breakfast and then you’ve got your presents. Miss Potts did most of the cooking but I made your coffee and planned out the menu. You’ve got bacon and pancakes and sausages and eggs and blueberries.”

Tony smiled softly down at the boy, interjecting when Peter paused for breath.

“That sounds wonderful buddy.”

Peter grinned back at him eyes wide and sparkling, before moving to slide off his lap and back onto his feet. Tony let him go, feeling his smile stretch wider as Peter padded back out into the hall and then returned, carefully carrying a laden tray.

Whilst the boy was slowly carrying his cargo across the room Tony sought out Pepper’s gaze and mouthed a thank you across the room to her. She just grinned back at him, raising a camera at him in response and he chuckled.

Peter reached him then and Tony carefully took the tray from him. True to Peter’s rambles it was filled with all his favourites and love rose up in him, fierce and strong. However, when Peter tried to step back, Tony reached out and gently grabbed his wrist.

“And just where do you think you’re going kiddo?”

Peter’s eyebrows creased, “To let you enjoy your birthday breakfast?”

Tony shook his head, patting the bed next to him,

“Nope, you’re staying right here buddy. I can’t enjoy my breakfast without my favourite chef here now can I?” He quirked an eyebrow in Pepper’s direction at the same time and his wonderful fiancé both took the hint and did him one better.

“I made enough for us too Peter.”

“That’s settled then, family breakfast in bed,” Tony declared, using one hand to hold his food steady whilst he got Peter settled next to him with the other. A few minutes later Pepper reappeared, holding two more trays.

It was an excellent start to his birthday.

Unfortunately, it was still a Friday, and all too soon Pepper had to leave, but not before she kissed him and handed him a birthday card and a small box. Opening it he bit back a smile at the pair of custom-made cufflinks he saw there, miniature arc reactors with “Proof Tony Stark has a Heart,” inscribed around the rims.

“Well played Pep.”

Her eyes sparkled and a smirk was tugging at the edges of her lips as she replied, “Well old jokes are the best.”

As soon as Pepper had left, Tony turned his attention to the now almost vibrating boy tucked against his side, who was impatiently clutching two envelopes, which he quickly thrust into the man’s hands.

“What do we have here then buddy?” Tony asked, his voice softening into something low and tender.

“Open them,” Peter requested, a shy smile on his face.

With careful fingers Tony slid the paper away to first reveal a simple handmade card. Whilst art was not Peter’s strongest suit, it had evidently been constructed with a lot of attention to detail, and Tony felt a lump rise in his throat as he took in the message scrawled inside in messy childish handwriting.

“Love you too Tesoro,” he murmured, pulling Peter closer and pressing another kiss to his son’s temple.

Card now prominently displayed on his nightstand, Tony turned his attention to the second card, quirking an inquisitive eyebrow in Peter’s direction.

“It’s the second part of your present,” the boy explained, “Breakfast was the first part.”

Sharp fingers made quick work of the envelope and a single piece of card fell out. Intrigued now Tony turned it over to reveal a simple riddle printed out in black ink. He was confused for a moment before the pieces fell together, and he slowly turned to look at the now anxious child beside him.

“I’ve got to hunt down my present haven’t I?”

Despite the words a grin was beginning to play around the edge of his lips and Peter evidently saw it because he relaxed, curling into Tony’s side as he explained.

“Well sort of; each clue leads to a different part of your present and you’ll have the whole thing once you’ve put it together.”

At the end of the explanation Tony pulled Peter close and murmured a quiet thank you into his son’s hair. This was already the best birthday he’d had and a sizeable portion of that was due to the child happily snuggled in his arms. However, the prospect of a scavenger hunt had piqued his curiosity so after a few moments he released the boy.

“Well then kiddo, it looks like we have a quest this morning.”
Notes:

    Hello again - I hope you all enjoyed it.

    So we had a new POV this week - I hope you all liked seeing Happy and one more person is slowly being inducted into the chaos that is happening.

    And then Tony's birthday, and the first part of Peter's present - any guesses as to the second part? I enjoyed having the excuse to write some nice fluff, as well as sneaking some plot into Happy's section - the gala is coming so I needed to put in some fluff before plot.

    Welcome to everyone who has just found this story, as well as everyone who has been faithfully reading this for weeks. All your comments, bookmarks, kudos are treasured (even if I have awful weeks and don't get round to replying to anyone because life.....), a huge thank you and see you next Saturday!

Chapter 22: Chapter 21
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tony sighed as he checked his reflection in the window of the limo, straightening the bow-tie that had become slightly crooked on the drive over. He’d had a wonderful day yesterday – Peter had done brilliantly with the scavenger hunt that he had found himself enjoying far too much, and he'd had an excellent evening with Pepper once Peter was safely in bed. But in true Stark fashion, any wonderful day was inevitably followed by one filled with painful tedium.

He’d much prefer be at home this evening, cashing in the first activity that formed part of Peter’s present. By the time the hunt had ended, he was in possession of seven small objects, ranging from a packet of popcorn to a baseball ball, each with a coupon for an associated activity. It would be much more pleasant to be sitting on the couch, watching a movie of his choice with his son and fiancé, instead of sitting in the car on the way to his birthday gala.

It would only be for three hours.

He just had to get through three hours of mindless small talk, maintaining his press façade and avoiding the worst of the journalists and people who’d come with the express intention of trying to get into his bed. He’d still had to fend off those sorts of people even after his engagement had been announced in the future, and given his current reputation, there would be plenty tonight who wanted to be the star of the next front-page article on whichever awful tabloid they could speak to first.

It was necessary though, and a tedious gala to present the correct public image was far from the worst of the things he had done in the name of necessity.

“We’ve arrived Sir.”

He nodded briefly to the driver, before making a final adjustment to his clothing before stepping out. Immediately another man stepped up, standing a few paces behind his shoulder in the normal bodyguard position.

It was slightly disconcerting to not have Happy in that spot but he was glad the man was back at the mansion instead, keeping an eye on Peter. He was willing to trust the security Happy had vouched for with his own security and Pepper’s security, but he was not willing to trust them with Peter’s. In the end both he and Pepper were armed, and far less vulnerable than Peter was, despite the boy’s powers.

Paparazzi swarmed him as he made his way towards the ballroom, the flashing lights of the cameras blinding even through the shielding effect of his sunglasses. He gave them the image they wanted to see. Suave and confident, a man standing proud and unbroken, a peace sign thrown up, an easy laugh, all style no substance and a flash of a perfectly white grin.

Look at me and love me.

This was his stage and he owned it. Give them what they want, an idol to exalt or tear down depending on their mood. Let them see the mask, make it loud and shiny, the flashy distraction for the magpies so they never saw the damage beneath.

Never let them see the damage. Never let them touch the parts of him that belonged to him and his family alone. He had grown up under a microscope but some things were private, sacred. The press couldn’t have them.

It was easy enough to slip into the cocky, charming, devil-may-care, genius persona. It had been the persona he had used most over the past twenty years, and one he could maintain even when so drunk he couldn’t see straight.

It was his first and most well-worn armour.

The first hour of the gala passed smoothly. He circulated as he was expected to do, making small talk with a myriad of guests from board members and investors to celebrities and other executives. Those were the painful conversations, either interminably boring or simply for appearances sake, where neither of them particularly liked the other but knew the part they had to play.

He was also able to speak to some of those who had come as part of the Maria Stark Foundation, and those were the nicer conversations. Often brief, not much more than a handshake and then him listening for a minute as they thanked him, or explained what the Foundation had done, and what it had meant to them. It was one of the few things he actually enjoyed about the gala, and it was reassuring to see that even back in 2009, before Iron Man had really started, he had still done something right.

Across the room he could see Pepper making her own rounds. They had decided they were not going to arrive together, which would hopefully forestall any tabloid stories about the fact she was wearing an engagement ring. They would have to release the news eventually, but she had mainly been left alone by the tabloids when she was simply his assistant. The character assassination pieces hadn’t started until after he’d made her CEO.

They would be worse this time around.

The fact they would be married when he passed the CEO hat over to her would see her painted as a gold-digger or worse by the tabloid press. Pepper herself had been fairly philosophical about it.

“They’ll crucify me no matter what but I’ll have the last laugh. In the end I’ll be married to the man I love, the CEO of the most successful company in the world and have two brilliant children whilst they’ll be nothing more than fourth-rate journalists.”

He smiled at the memory, Pepper’s fierce confidence and steely determination were but two of the factors he loved about her. For a few moments he let his mind wander. They’d only briefly discussed their plans for a wedding, but they were both agreed it should be a small, simple ceremony, friends and family only, and preferably soon.

“Tony, my boy,” The voice of the man he’d been carefully avoiding the entire night came from behind him and Tony banished the pleasant diversions and firmly affixed his playboy persona to the front.

“Obie,” he returned glibly, making sure no traces of his disgust could be seen on his face.

“Happy Birthday,” the man said expansively, and Tony noted the tell-tale stench of whiskey on his breath. “I see you’ve decided to go upmarket this year.”

Tony shrugged the comment off, “Thought I’d try something new, give myself a chance to savour things you know.”

He neatly sidestepped the hand that Stane reached out to place on his shoulder, moving to usher the man through the crowd. He had no intention of speaking to the man any longer than necessary and the best way to keep him out of his hair was to direct him to a group that could distract him by talking business.

Scanning the room he spotted a group of unscrupulous subcontractors for the weapons factories with whom he intended to do no more business with after the next board meeting.

Perfect.

He meandered in their direction, taking care to regale Stane with wholly fictious plans for an expansion in their weapons manufacturing capacity. He saw the glow of greed appear in the man’s eyes as they approached and with a few quick words delivered the traitor to the group. It took no more than a few minutes before Stane was deep in discussion and Tony was able to extract himself.

Scarcely five minutes had passed when another unmistakable figure stepped into his eyeline, the bland silhouette and forgettable suit just as distinctive as Stane’s bald head and heavy gait.

Wonderful. It seemed he was going to have all the conversations he didn’t want to have this evening. That didn’t mean he had any intention of making it easy for Coulson.

As the man approached Tony let his gaze flick dismissively over him. He might be a competent agent, whom Tony was certain was not a member of Hydra but he’d always found Coulson somewhat irritating. That had been an opinion solidified by the palladium debacle, and then he’d died before Tony known him as anything more than Fury’s agent.

Coulson might not have done that yet in this time, but he would if he was ordered to, and if Tony was being honest with himself, a lot of the irritation he directed at the man wasn’t really personal. It was mainly aimed at Shield and Fury, and Coulson was just the convenient target, particularly as he was so very loyal to Shield and Fury himself.

It did not help Shield’s case that Jarvis had caught and redirected an attempt to hack his servers a mere few days ago.

“Mr Stark, I’m…”

“It’s Dr actually,” Tony interrupted before he could even finish the introduction. He didn’t normally draw attention to his degrees unless he was presenting at a scientific conference or writing research papers where such titles were expected, but there were times when it was useful to be more blatant with them.

And times when he just felt like being petty or irritating.

“Dr Stark then,” Coulson recovered swiftly, “I am Agent Coulson from the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division.”

“That’s a mouthful,” he interjected again, “You know what, I’m just gonna call you S.H.I.E.L.D. Now what’s a suit like you doing at an event like this?”

He was being petty. Tony knew that but they had tried to hack Jarvis. It didn’t matter that they hadn’t succeeded this time, it didn’t matter that he’d closed those loopholes precisely so they couldn’t mess with him, he had lost Jarvis once and he didn’t take kindly to any attempt to access his AI’s systems, or anything that could be a threat to his AI.

“We’ve been trying to get in contact with you about some unexplained phenomena in Afghanistan.”

Inwardly Tony was surprised, they hadn’t made that connection quite so fast last time, but he was careful not to let it show on his face.

“Make an appointment,” he said dismissively, “I’m sure Pepper can squeeze you into my schedule somewhere.” He raised an eyebrow then, “A lot of work to get into an event like this when you could have just called my PA. Unless of course you’ve got an ulterior motive.”

He gestured expansively towards some of the more risque outfits worn by the guests as he let the double meaning of that sink in, but as he expected Coulson didn’t rise to the bait.

“It is a rather urgent matter Dr Stark.”

“Then call Pepper urgently.” It was obviously a dismissal but Coulson didn’t take it.

“I really must insist.”

He paused then, before he hardened his eyes, deliberately letting some of his anger at Shield’s attempted hack rise to the surface.

“Is this an arrest Agent Coulson?” Tony’s voice was ice cold, and he met the man’s gaze squarely. “Make an appointment and I’ll speak with your agency, but that sounds like a threat, and I’ve had enough of forcible detention over the past three months.”

“Does it need to be?” Coulson remained calm and mentally Tony awarded him a few points.

“For what crime?” He returned, voice level. “Unless of course being a genius, billionaire, philanthropist is a crime now?”

He held the man’s eyes. He knew full well there was nothing Shield could currently pin on him and they had no probable cause either. Coulson was bluffing and they both knew it. After a few seconds the agent conceded.

“Very well, we will contact Miss Potts.”

Tony nodded shortly,

“Oh and just a hint Agent,” he said quietly, “Next time you want an appointment, go through the proper channels. I don’t take kindly to people messing with my servers.”

For the first time that evening he saw a hint of surprise cross Coulson’s features, and he smiled then.

It wasn’t a kind smile.

“Did you really think I hadn’t noticed?” He didn’t wait for the man’s reply, “Genius isn’t an empty title Agent.”

Turning on his heel he strode away, quickly reaching another group and falling into easy conversation with one of the socialites fluttering around the ballroom.

Coulson didn’t attempt to follow him.

The kid was growing on him.

Happy had taken the job of being the kid’s bodyguard out of loyalty to Tony. The kid mattered to Tony, so he mattered to Happy, and he would do his best to protect the kid. It did help that the amount of time he actually spent guarding the kid was small, and that most of his new duties didn’t involved being an overqualified babysitter.

Tony could say what he liked about Jarvis being the babysitter but he was the only human adult around in the house with the kid whilst his parents were out at an event. In Happy’s book that meant babysitter.

But he could understand why Tony was hesitant to involve someone he didn’t know and trust. The man couldn’t get out of the Gala, and whilst he didn’t think Stane knew about Peter, the man had tried to kill Tony, and a seven-year-old was far more vulnerable than a grown and armed man.

Which left him stuck on babysitting duty.

It had been far less onerous a task than he’d feared.

Peter was a remarkably polite boy, which was all the more peculiar given his genetics, and hadn’t seemed bothered by the fact Happy wasn’t particularly talkative. He’d greeted Happy when the man had arrived and then tactfully ignored his presence whilst he’d stood around somewhat awkwardly as the boy said goodbye to Tony.

It had given him another look at Tony in his new role as parent. It was still jarring to see but Happy could admit he hadn’t seen his boss show such open affection to anyone, well, ever. Tony Stark did not do affection. Virtually all the physical contact he’d previously seen his boss display had been lacking. It looked good on the surface, had been good enough to persuade scores of women and men to his bed, but it had no substance to it, nothing deeper than the emotions of the moment, and sometimes not even that.

But with Peter it was different. There was a tenderness to the man as he interacted with the boy, a gentleness and kindness in his motions that all spoke of a deep love the man was making no effort to hide. Peter for his part, looked back at Tony with unconditional adoration, and Happy had awarded the boy more mental credit.

Very few people had ever got close enough to actually see through Tony’s masks and reach the person beneath. He certainly hadn’t until several years into his employment when he’d finally put together all the hints and seen the pattern in Tony’s behaviour for what it was. Over the years after that revelation his drunken disaster of a boss had turned into one of his best friends, and his loyalty had morphed from loyalty to the man who’d given him hope and a future at the end of his career, to being loyal to Tony himself.

Peter it seemed had seen through the masks quickly, to the caring man beneath the façade Tony so often wore. It was an impressive accomplishment for a little kid and so far it seemed that Peter was just a genuinely nice kid – despite the general annoyances that came with his age.

Still, Happy had to confess he had been slightly intimidated once both Tony and Pepper had left. He had no idea what to do with a kid, and the list of instructions he’d been given had only been somewhat helpful.

Thankfully it seemed Peter was mostly self-sufficient. He’d headed up to the lounge without complaint and occupied himself with a set of legos and a laptop, occasionally looking up and asking Jarvis a question. With the AI taking the brunt of the boy’s questions, Happy had been able to relax somewhat.

Dinner had been relativity straightforward as well and much to Happy’s surprise the boy went to bed with very few complaints. Surely that wasn’t natural? He’d be the first to confess the everything he knew about children came from offhand comments his co-workers made, TV and movies, and those were not necessarily the best of sources. But they had led him to expect that things would be a lot more fractious.

And this was Tony’s kid.

The son of the man who was an utter disaster as a grown man, with virtually no common sense or self-preservation, who had elevated annoying people to an art form. How could such a polite, undemanding child be Tony’s?

Perhaps he just hadn’t interacted with the kid enough yet. He hadn’t been exposed to the full range of Tony’s behaviour immediately, and the kid was a Stark after all. Trouble-making was in their blood, though with any luck the kid’s brand of trouble would be less destructive than Tony’s. There was only so much trouble a seven-year-old could get up to.

Satisfied the kid was safely in bed, Happy retreated downstairs. Tony wasn’t due back for another three hours at least so he needed to find something to occupy himself with in the interim. This was the boring part of a bodyguard’s job, the hours when the person they were guarding was in a relatively safe location, however he couldn’t relax fully because he was still on the clock.

“Jarvis, enact protocol ‘Baby Monitor’ please.” He couldn’t help the snort that escaped him at the name. It had Tony’s sense of humour written all over it.

“Certainly Mr Hogan.”

The sound of quiet breathing came from the speakers, and Happy relaxed a little more, turning to flip the TV on. Between Jarvis’ surveillance capabilities and a direct line to Peter’s bedroom he would be able to identify any threat to Peter, so he could allow himself the luxury of a partial distraction.

He was halfway through a re-run of an old CSI episode when the TV blinked off suddenly and Jarvis’ voice interrupted.

“Mr Hogan, unauthorised personnel have approached the outer gate.”

He sat up suddenly, going from relaxed to tense in an instant.

“Can you tell me anything more Jarvis?” He said brusquely, mind already churning over scenarios.

“They claim to be from Aniva Cleaning Services, however Miss Potts did not schedule a clean for tonight.”

Happy frowned at that. He recognised the name of the company, it was the same group that was employed to clean the SI offices, and as far as he was aware, Tony had employed them to clean the mansion as well. It was peculiar that they were arriving without a scheduled appointment, though that could simply be a mix up.

Regardless, he had no intention of letting them into the property – he was on guard duty tonight, and given they were unexpected visitors, it was not worth the risk.

“Hold them at the gate Jarvis,” he instructed, “Inform them that they are not expected and get them to contact Tony or Pepper or whoever actually organises this in the morning.”

He waited for a few minutes as Jarvis spoke to the van, watching it through the feed the AI had helpfully put on the TV, one hand still resting lightly on his gun. This was probably an innocent mistake, but he’d been a bodyguard too long to take the chance.

His suspicions deepened as the cleaner continued to argue with the AI. Two people, one woman and one man had now climbed out the van and were standing by the keypad to the gate, and conveniently, one of them was standing in just the right way to block the camera’s line of sight to the keypad.

“I do believe they are trying to override my protocols.” Jarvis’ voice had a distinctly amused lilt to it, although there was a vindictive edge as well and for a moment Happy considered leaving the intruders in the AI’s undoubtably capable hands.

He discarded the thought in the next instant. The fact they were trying to override Jarvis’ protocols automatically made this a more dangerous situation, but he still didn’t know what their purpose was. It could simply be burglary – a few had tried over the months Tony had been lost in Afghanistan, and the fact Tony would be at a gala tonight was fairly well known. However, it could also be something more sinister, particularly given Tony’s account of Stane’s betrayal.

Either way, they would be expecting an unoccupied house, and a show of force from a human might be enough to scare them off. If it wasn’t, he could collaborate with Jarvis on more permanent removal methods.

“Put me through Jarvis,” he requested quietly. He waited until Jarvis flashed a confirmatory light before he continued.

“This is Harold Hogan speaking,” he stated clearly, “State your purpose here.”

He could see the moment when they heard his voice as the two people straightened, postures stiffening slightly.

“Mr Hogan, good evening,” a rough male voice came through the speakers, “There seems to be an issue with the computer. It isn’t letting us in to clean.”

“Could I have your identification please?”

Happy nodded along as they listed their credentials, knowing that every word they said was being recorded by the AI, and could later be used as evidence if necessary. Once they had finished he frowned.

“You are not registered with the system. I’m afraid I cannot give you entry.”

The wave of protests he was met with was utterly expected and he allowed them precisely one minute to bluster and potentially say something incriminating before he cut them off.

“No appointment, no entry. Your managers are welcome to contact myself or Miss Potts tomorrow. However, if you do not vacate the premises you will be taken into custody.”

There were a few more muffled complaints but the two intruders begrudgingly climbed back into their van and reversed back up the drive.

Happy watched them go, his stance alert.

Only once Jarvis confirmed they were beyond the reach of his sensors did he slide his gun back into his holster.

 

 
Notes:

    Hello again - I hope you all enjoyed the update.

    Firstly I wanted to say a huge thank you to whichever group of you lovely readers nominated this fic for *five* seperate categories in the Irondad Creator Awards that Jadeys_World is running over on Tumblr. I am honoured that you have gone to the effort of nominating this and have liked this enough to do so. Thank you, thank you - have all the virtual hugs and cookies!

    Regarding this update - lots of plot - I hope you enjoyed it. Shield is beginning to sniff around and there is a nice bit of trouble brewing - any thoughts as to what the people who arrived at the mansion were after? I hope you liked the second look into Happy's head, and a demonstration of his competance and friendship with Tony.

    I know a few of you will be disappointed that I didn't write out the full scavenger hunt, but please enjoy imagining it, and I'll leave the other five items up to you to guess - we may see some in the future but no promises! There is more fluff coming, but we have consequences to deal with next chapter before we can get to some more fluff.

    See you next Saturday!

Chapter 23: Chapter 22
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“Someone tried to access the mansion and hack Jarvis?”

All traces of tiredness had fled the moment he’d arrived back at the mansion to find a grim-faced Happy waiting for him.

“They were using similar techniques to the attempted breach last Thursday Sir,” Jarvis contributed, and Tony frowned.

“Anything else?”

“I was able to track the van,” Jarvis replied, “It appears that the two individuals took it from the Aniva Depo at 19:23, arriving here at 20:04. Following the altercation, it returned to the Depo, and the two individuals left the vehicle. I was able to follow them briefly, but I lost them after approximately 15 minutes.” He paused briefly, then added, “I’m sorry Sir.”

“Not your fault J.”

If this were Shield – and given the fact they were using similar techniques to the earlier hack – that was the more likely possibility, he wasn’t surprised that the AI was unable to follow them. Most of Shield was comprised of spies with plenty of experience of moving about without drawing suspicion.

Whilst Jarvis was nearly omniscient within the mansion, outside his capabilities were more limited. He could access every traffic camera or CCTV network in the state, if not the country, but in 2009 such devices were comparatively rare, and their coverage had gaping blind spots. Any halfway competent Shield agent would be able to use that to their advantage, particularly if they were worried about being followed.

Still, it was an odd co-incidence.

Coulson had approached him at the Gala, but at roughly the same time there was an attempted break in at the mansion. A picture was beginning to build in his mind, and he wasn’t sure he liked it.

“Did you get anything else?” He asked, tilting an inquisitive eyebrow in Happy’s direction.

“Not much Boss,” the man admitted, “They looked sketchy, and I didn’t like how they were behaving, but nothing concrete beyond the hack. They gave me a couple of names and excuses, but I doubt they’ll be real.”

Tony nodded in agreement, but still, “Run a check anyway Jarvis – see whether they are in Aniva’s system, and whether there is any record of a booked clean.”

“Of course, Sir.”

That would let him see how deep this problem went. Was this a case of opportunism, or was it a more planned and calculated move?

They didn’t know about Peter – he was sure of that much. He’d managed to keep his frantic flight to New York off the books, and since then Peter hadn’t left his property. They would have been expecting an empty house, with only Jarvis present, so what had they been attempting?

There were a few possibilities. Their first hack had failed, so perhaps they were trying to access Jarvis from the inside? Nobody save Pepper and Peter knew the defences he’d incorporated into Jarvis, and even they didn’t know their full extent. It might be plausible then that they’d think they would be able to access Jarvis better from inside the mansion.

That was one theory. The other possibility was that they were trying to bug the house, or gather evidence. A cleaning company would be a good group to impersonate for that. Cleaners were expected to go through a house, move furniture and touch every surface and it would be all too easy to slip a bug into place and nobody would notice.

Tony let out the breath he had been holding. He had too many theories and too little information. Whilst Shield was the most likely candidate, there were other options and he wouldn’t gain anything by simply speculating. He needed to do some research, but first,

“Stay the night Hogan?” He asked quietly, “I’d appreciate having another person in the house.”

His bodyguard and friend met his gaze squarely, and nodded once, short and sharp.

“I’ll be in my normal room Boss.”

The weight resting on Tony’s shoulders lifted slightly, and he reached forward to clasp the man’s shoulder in a silent gesture of thanks. Happy’s expression didn’t change, but the corners of his eyes crinkled slightly in response.

“Call me if you need me,” he said simply before turning and heading to the guest room he tended to use.

That left Tony with one more thing to do before he threw himself into his research. Instinctively his feet carried him to Peter’s room. He trusted Happy and Jarvis, and they had reassured him that his son was safe, had slept through the entire situation but he needed to see it for himself.

The door opened with a soft creak, and tension faded from his spine as he took in the familiar sight of Peter curled under his Star Wars bedspread. Safe, alive, breathing. He walked to the edge of the bed, and slowly lowered himself onto the mattress, careful not to wake the sleeping boy. He threaded his fingers through soft curls before letting his hand rest gently on Peter’s cheek, the warmth of the boy’s skin and steady thrumming of his pulse chasing away the last of his worry.

The defences had worked as they should. Happy and Jarvis had played their parts brilliantly. Their home and haven was still secure. He could afford to pause, research and work out what his next steps would be.

He pressed a tender kiss to Peter’s forehead, smoothing down the covers where he had been sitting before he stood and headed back down to the workshop. Pepper would be back in an hour or so once the last stragglers from the Gala had been dealt with, and in the meantime, he had some hacking to do.

Aniva was his first target. It would give him a better idea of how deep the roots of this conspiracy were. The van had certainly been genuine, and was dropped off at their depo, so was it a case of Shield infiltrating the company and booking a false appointment, or was this something Stane had tried to do?

Ten minutes later he had his answer.

A false booking had been filed with the company under his name, and then the normal cleaner had called in sick and they had been replaced on short notice by a pair of new hires, who didn’t exist anywhere but the company database. A quick check by Jarvis revealed that they did not appear to exist in the state, and that the information they provided didn’t stand up to anything more than cursory scrutiny.

Shield, or Hydra agents then, not that there was currently much distinction between the two organisations. Regardless, that made Shield themselves the next target.

That was a bit more difficult.

Jarvis had fried the satellite that Shield had used to try and hack him earlier in the week. It had sent a clear signal and had been satisfying at the time but it made it useless for trying to hack into Shield now. He needed a new satellite to get his route into their servers. He knew Shield had a HQ located somewhere in New York but unlike when he’d hacked the Pentagon on a dare, they didn’t have a public facing website to start with. He needed an initial route in.

“Check through the databases and all known satellites and identify the likely candidates for Shield’s network Jarvis.”

That was the thing about satellites – they were very hard to hide. The reflections off their solar panels were detectable by amateur astronomers, and frankly, virtually every country registered their satellites, even the spy ones, because nobody wanted their 400-million-dollar satellite destroyed in a collision with a piece of space debris or an unknown satellite. There wasn’t much a conventional military could do against a satellite once it was up anyway so nobody bothered to conceal the fact they were there, they just concealed exactly what they did.

That meant it would only take a bit of time to cross reference the databases and they’d find one of Shield’s, but in the meantime,

“Give me something to do J.”

It would take at least half an hour for the AI to get a list, and he might as well do something productive while he waited. Tony knew himself well enough to know that he wasn’t going to be able to sleep before he had more control over this situation.

A few files popped up and Tony selected one of the SI projects. He needed the distraction but at the same time he knew he wouldn’t concentrate fully on what he was doing, and unlike with his more personal projects like nanotech, for SI designs that didn’t matter. As cutting-edge as this technology appeared to be to the board and the public, everything he did for SI was old tech to him.

The factories simply weren’t capable of producing the alloys and components they’d been able to manufacture in the future, and it would take several years at least before they had the machinery and supply lines required for 2023 tech.  Anything he designed and passed down to R&D for production and testing had to be able to be made in those factories, and that put limits on what he could do and design.

That was a good thing. It kept him from pushing the boundaries too fast, too obviously. Working within the limits of his factories kept the new tech lines from being too blatantly futuristic, kept them within the lines of plausible, and gave the scientists in R&D the ability to catch up.

He was still pushing things quickly he knew; this time round SI would do in five years things that had taken them ten before. But that was what was needed. Earth would need to be far more advanced than it currently was if they were to hold against Thanos.

Aliens could still be killed by bullets, the main issue was with their weaponry. Current military armour and training would not stand up to the firepower the Chitauri had been capable of throwing, but that was something he could remedy. Tony knew that the military wouldn’t be much use against Thanos himself, but with the right equipment they could deal with the foot soldiers.

That would also reduce the burden on the superhero community – if they didn’t have to fight through waves of cannon fodder they would be more able to deal with the threats that normal, unenhanced, untrained humans couldn’t. If they were free to focus on major threats like Thanos and his lieutenants, they could bring battles to a close far faster, and that in turn limited the death and destruction.

He wouldn’t supply weaponry again, he’d decided that long ago and he wouldn’t change that now, but it wasn’t weaponry they needed. What the military needed was the armour that would let a solider take a hit from a Chitauri gun, stand up and continue fighting.

“The analysis is complete Sir.” Jarvis’ voice broke into his musings and Tony looked up from the schematic for advanced body armour.

“What’ve you got J?”

In response a holographic globe sprung into being, with sixteen blinking points of light moving around it in low Earth orbits. Tony didn’t attempt to supress the somewhat shark-like grin that rose on his face as he surveyed the hologram. Jarvis had done his work well – not only did he have all the Shield satellites; he’d identified their transmission frequencies and orbital paths.

He had his way in.

Tony had a decision to make now. The vindictive part of him wanted to simply force his way in, to find every bit of leverage, every dirty secret and hoard them for when they were most useful. They’d tried to violate Jarvis, corner him at his own gala, threatened the safety of his son in his home, and Fury wanted him to dance to his tune, but his more rational side prevailed.

An intrusion of that scale, done that quickly left traces, damning traces. It broke and tore through systems and painted a glaring target on his back, and that was a target he couldn’t afford, no matter how angry he was. He was painting a large enough target on his back, on his family’s back simply by being Iron Man.

No – for this he needed to be subtle, and patient. To infiltrate so slowly, so silently they had no idea that he was there. He needed Jarvis to be the ghost in their machine, watching, waiting, recording and transmitting back but in such a way that they could never connect it back to him.

He might want to know what Shield were trying to achieve this instant, what their theories and plans were, how deep Hydra’s tentacles went but he wouldn’t achieve that by rushing blindly in. Tony drew in a deep breath, willing his mind to focus. The code needed to be perfect, and would rely heavily on the abilities of Jarvis.

“Right Jarvis, let’s work out how to crack a shady government agency.”

 “With pleasure Sir.”

“Miss Potts, there is an Agent Coulson on the line wishing to speak to you.”

“Tell him I am unavailable until 4pm Emily, and will speak to him then. I also believe he hasn’t correctly filled out the forms to request an appointment.” Her voice was flat, and controlled but she knew her secretary could pick up the irritation and quiet instruction hidden in the words.

Emily had been working for her since 2004 and was well acquainted with the myriad of Pepper’s voices. She was good at what she did and had become nearly as practiced as Pepper at neatly side-stepping the more aggravating people they encountered in this job. Emily was the sort of person who would greet them with a bland professional smile whilst simultaneously arranging for the paperwork to travel through the most bureaucratically painful route for them.

The woman flashed her a quick smile and nodded before stepping out of Pepper’s office. As the door swung shut she could hear Emily pick up the phone again, and smiled as she heard the beginnings of the conversation. She suspected that Coulson would not enjoy the next few hours.

It was a petty bit of revenge for Shield and Coulson’s actions over the weekend, but Pepper had never claimed to be a saint. She had been furious when she had returned to the mansion and been informed of what Shield had tried to pull, both in approaching Tony and with their attempt to enter the mansion. That rage had remained simmering under her skin throughout Sunday, despite them trying to take the day to relax as a family.

It was unfortunate for him that Coulson had chosen today to approach SI again. If he had waited a few days longer her temper would have cooled, and she would have been feeling less inclined to indulge her opportunity for petty revenge via paperwork. As it was, Emily would give Coulson the bureaucratic run around for a few hours, until every form had been filled out properly, and then make him wait on her.

It was also a subtle power play, as it enforced that Coulson was not in a position to make demands on her, and on her time. It was a lesson that Shield had occasionally managed to forget in the past, for all that she had been able to keep SI as a completely separate legal entity from the Avengers. They’d certainly not been good at recognising that Tony had responsibilities that extended beyond Iron Man either.

It wasn’t something she would let them forget this time. In the mess these months had been last time, she’d been so occupied with fire-fighting that her relationship with Coulson had drifted into an unprofessional level of friendship, which had coloured later interactions with Shield. Housing the Avengers hadn’t helped establish clear boundaries either. This time, whilst they intended to work with Shield, they would do so as an independent organisation on a professional level.  

She shook those thoughts away. She was not in a charitable mood towards Shield at the moment but she had other responsibilities to deal with. Tony and Peter were away in New York for a couple of days dealing with the situation with May and Ben, and whilst they were away she had a long list of tasks to complete.

The board meeting would occur early next week and she needed to ensure everything was in place for that from her end. Tony had assured her that he had everything ready to restrain Stane and present the evidence to the board, she needed to ensure that everything was in place for their investigation to sweep up the willing conspirators in his schemes and hand them over to the FBI at the same time.

They were cleaning house, and far more thoroughly than they had last time. However, virtually everything was in place, and she nearly had everything lined up. Happy, in his new role as Head of Security for SI had been a godsend.

She checked through the plan once more and frowned slightly, before sending a couple of emails. That was now taken care of to her satisfaction, and right on cue Emily poked her head back in.

“Miss Potts, Maya Hansen has arrived for your 12 o’clock.”

“Thank you Emily, send her up please.”

Pepper drew in a deep breath. Their initial correspondence had gone well, but she knew that this meeting would be crucial for swaying Maya Hansen to SI. It would not be easy however, from all the contact they’d had, the woman was edgy, wary. Pepper got the sense that she wanted this offer to be true, but was still far too suspicious to take the offer for what it was.

Focusing, she let herself smile welcomely, and stood as Maya entered, greeting the woman with a firm handshake. They exchanged pleasantries for a few minutes as Emily ensured that the scientist was supplied with a fresh cup of tea, before they got down to business.

“Thank you for agreeing to meet with me Dr Hansen. Have you thought about the proposal I made in our last email?”

The dark haired scientist straightened and met Pepper’s gaze squarely.

“I’ve read through it thoroughly, however there are a few points that I wish to seek clarification on. Firstly – weaponry. SI is a weapons company, no matter that you are branching out and that’s not what Extremis is for. I want guarantees that if I were to transfer here that my research would not go into making the next generation of super-soldiers.”

Pepper waited patiently until the woman was done before meeting her gaze.

“I understand perfectly Dr Hansen, and I would like to reassure you that SI has no intention of making super-soldiers. Frankly I suspect they would be far more trouble than they are worth.” She flashed a quick smile at Hansen and was pleased when the woman’s lips twitched before she continued, “I know you have no reason to believe me but I will include a stipulation in your contract that prohibits SI from using Extremis for military purposes without your authorisation.”

A slight bit of tension in the woman’s frame eased at that, “I would need to read any such contract carefully,” she warned, but Pepper just nodded her head.

“Take the time you need. I would expect you to do nothing less.”

The silence stretched for a few moments, but Pepper was able to wait patiently. It was obvious to her trained eye that there was something else that the scientist wished to ask, but it was also clear that she wouldn’t gain anything further by pushing.

“Why now?” Hansen asked eventually, “Stark rejected me in Bern – and made it fairly obvious at that. Why are you reaching out now?”

Pepper leant back in her chair, letting sincerity paint her features. This was the key question, the place where she had to convince Hansen or the woman would walk away.

“Afghanistan was illuminating,” she started slowly, carefully, “Tony saw exactly what could be done, what damage had been done, and how easy it had been to turn weapons he’d created to defend people against the innocents he made them to protect. That isn't the legacy he wants for Stark Industries.” She paused then, letting the words settle in the air between then.

“Extremis could be the new medical breakthrough or it could make the next generation of super soldiers. We agree with you Dr Hansen, and we don’t want a breakthrough like yours turned to warfare.”

“That’s a pretty sentiment.” Hansen said, doubt still lurking in her tone.

“The business case then,” Pepper returned, “Once the formula is stabilised Extremis would make an excellent flagship product for the medical department, and would stand to make a lot of money. Frankly it will make more in the medical field than it ever would with the military.” She waited a beat and saw that logic settle into the woman’s head, before adding with a more upbeat note,

“And personally, Killian has done me a few bad turns, and I thought stealing his best scientist out from under him would be a good way to repay the favour.”

That startled a laugh from the woman and inwardly Pepper smiled. She knew just how uncomfortable Killian could make a woman who worked for him, and evidently things had been no different for Hansen.

For her part, the woman drew in a deep breath.

“Thank you for your time Miss Potts, this meeting has been helpful.” The hesitation was brief, but she steeled herself and continued, “I still wish to read your proposed contract carefully, but if the clauses are what you say they are, well, I look forward to working with you.”

The smile on Pepper’s face was completely genuine as she stood up to shake Maya Hansen’s hand.

“We look forward to having you.”
Notes:

    So more plot! I definitely enjoyed reading all your suggestions with regards to the intruders, and I'm going to leave that mystery where it is for now. Events are beginning to move, and I hope you enjoyed all the hints of things to come in the next few chapters. I know some of you were poking around at some of the issues raised here in the comments on earlier chapters - so I hope you liked the solution.

    Then we had Pepper's interlude as well - I think that conversation means that this fic now technically passes the Bechdel test as the conversation is about Extremis not the men mentioned in it! It's also fun to write terrifyingly competent Pepper giving people the run around and being an excellent CEO even before she gets the job title.

    We'll be back with Tony and Peter next Saturday with more fluff. Thank you for all the comments, kudos, bookmarks etc, and see you next Saturday!

Chapter 24: Chapter 23
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

It was weird being back in the apartment Peter thought, and even more weird being here just with his father.

Everything had been too jumbled the last time he’d been here, old and new memories battling across his brain until he hadn’t known what was real and what wasn’t, and then he’d been so relieved that Mr Stark was there that he’d forgotten how strange things were.

It was obvious now.

The apartment was home, but at the same time it wasn’t quite right. Part of his mind thought everything was exactly where it should be, where he expected it to be, but the other part expected a different layout and hadn’t that chair broken three years ago, and shouldn’t there be a photo on that wall?

It made him twitchy.

His older memories had mostly settled, and Mailbu and his life with his father was all new so there wasn’t anything for his memories to disagree about. It had made the transition easier; he loved and trusted his father and everything else was just a question of adjusting. Being back in the apartment was throwing off his equilibrium as his instincts tugged him in two separate directions.

“Where do your Aunt and Uncle keep their suitcases kiddo?” His father’s voice broke into his thoughts and Peter looked up.

“The cupboard above their wardrobe,” he answered. That was something that had stayed the same, whether he was in 2009 or 2018.

“Okay then buddy,” His father continued, voice warm, “I’ll get the suitcases and sort out their clothes and toiletries if you look round and find the other stuff they’ll want for the next couple of months – books, films, photos, and all that jazz.”

Peter just nodded in reply.

“That’s a plan then – now let’s spice this up a bit bug – the first one to finish laying everything out on the bed gets to pick where we go for lunch.”

At those words Peter flashed a grin up at the man. “We’re going to Delmar’s,” he proclaimed and he got a hair ruffle in response.

“You’ve got to win first kiddo, and I feel like Le Bernardin.”

Peter immediately pulled a face at that thought. Fancy French dining did not sound remotely appealing. A warm chuckle echoed in the air above him, “Think about it as some added incentive Pete.”

He stuck his tongue out and then laughed at the mock affronted expression on his father’s face. Darting out of the way of wriggling fingertips aimed as his vulnerable sides he made a beeline for the bookshelves. His Aunt and Uncle’s general taste in books hadn’t changed, so even if he couldn’t remember exactly which books they had now he’d be able to assemble a small pile for each of them quickly.

Ten minutes later he was heading to his Aunt and Uncle’s bedroom, a pile of books in his arms. It had taken longer than he’d thought to choose books for them, particularly as he knew he only had space to get them a few each but in the end he’d made his selections. He’d picked up some of Aunt May’s favourite mystery books and the new Falco book he was pretty sure Uncle Ben had bought for her at Christmas, and he’d also managed to find the book he thought she had been reading before the accident.

It had been harder to find books for Uncle Ben, as his Uncle’s tastes had always been a bit more eclectic than his Aunt’s, but he was eventually satisfied by the variety of books he’d been able to find, from his favourite copy of Lord of the Rings to his history of the D-Day landings.

Mr Stark looked up as he came into the bedroom.

“That looks good kiddo – I’m putting your Aunt’s stuff on the right, and your Uncle’s on the left.”

Peter nodded, quickly placing his cargo down before darting back out into the apartment. He’d spent too long finding the books and his father had already managed to sort out a lot of their clothing, so he needed to be quick if he was to avoid having to each at a fancy restaurant for lunch. His nose wrinkled at the thought. He did not like stuffy stuck-up restaurants.

It took far less time to collect everything else. Barely five minutes later the boy was slipping back into the main bedroom, his hands full as he carefully balanced the stack of objects. His father’s eyebrows rose as he took in the precarious pile, moving over to help Peter arrange everything on the bed.

“What’ve you got there kiddo?”

“Hobby stuff,” Peter replied, “You said they were going to be in residential care for months so I thought they’d like it. I don’t want them to get bored.”

His father reached out a hand a squeezed his shoulder gently,

“That’s an excellent idea buddy,” he said, a soft smile on his face, “I think they’ll like that.”

Peter smiled up at him, “I got Uncle Ben’s clarinet and his book of showtunes and then I put in Aunt May’s quilting bag. I think it has her most recent project in it but I couldn’t quite tell. There’s material and needles though.”

“If it’s not right then we can always correct it next time we go and visit,” Mr Stark reassured him. “Now it looks like you’ve nearly won, but you’re missing the photographs so you’ve not earnt your sandwiches yet!”

Peter just grinned at him, mischief lighting up his smile. “You’re too old and slow to beat me.”

“Old?!” Indignation coated the man’s voice, though the crinkle around his eyes betrayed his amusement. Peter nodded, keeping a careful eye on his father’s hands before quickly running out of the room to avoid retribution.

Photographs secured he crept back in, keeping a wary eye out for his father. He thought the man was safely occupied trying to find their toiletries in the bathroom, but he knew that his father was more than happy to wait for the opportune moment to get his revenge.

He’d just put the photographs down in their respective places when a soft footfall alerted him to the danger. It had to be Mr Stark; his spidey-sense wasn’t quiet around anyone else apart from Aunt May. Peter started to turn but he was too slow as strong arms wrapped around him, scooping him up as merciless fingers began to tickle his sides.

“Dad, stop!” He managed to get out through his giggles.

Warm, rich laughter echoed from above him.

“Now why would I do a silly thing like that buddy?”

Peter was red faced and nearly out of breath by the time his father finished tickling him, sitting them both down on the bed and holding the boy loosely. Peter leant back against the man’s chest, relaxing into the hold, as his breathing steadied and slowed.

“That wasn’t fair,” he protested once he had enough breath to speak.

“Wasn’t it?” Mr Stark asked lightly, his free hand coming up to play with Peter’s curls, “So it was some other Peter who stuck their tongue out at me and called me old then?”

Peter slumped back, unconsciously leaning into the hand carding through his hair.

“Maybe,” he replied, a hint of a cheeky grin playing about his lips. A chuckle was his only answer, as the arms around him tightened, before a light kiss was dropped on his head.

“Well then ‘Maybe Peter’, go and pack up anything else you want from your bedroom whilst I get your Aunt and Uncle’s stuff sorted. The sooner we’re packed, the sooner we can have lunch.”

A gentle push helped him slide off his father’s lap and he quickly padded to his bedroom. They’d taken some of his stuff with them to Malibu when Mr Stark had found him but he’d also left quite a bit behind. It wasn’t really much that was important, just some clothes that he hadn’t packed, books, photos and toys he hadn’t thought of bringing.

Peter went through his room methodically, selecting everything he might want when he was back in Malibu. Mr Stark had sat him down to explain just how badly his Aunt and Uncle were hurt, and the fact that they would need to be looked after for several months. He hadn’t been specific about what would happen when they were better but Peter was trying not to think about it too hard.

He was happy living with his father, but at the same time he missed Aunt May and Uncle Ben, but they weren’t the people he remembered either and he didn’t know how to deal with that. The whole situation was confusing, and difficult and it hurt.

He wanted to have everything. He wanted to live with his Papà, and Aunt May and Uncle Ben. He wanted days in the workshop, to be lulled to sleep by his father’s heartbeat, and he wanted to play his clarinet with Uncle Ben, to curl up on the old ratty couch with take-away Thai as they watched a movie, to help Aunt May with another disastrous cooking attempt.

He didn’t want to choose. Didn’t want to have to hide parts of himself from family who didn’t, couldn’t understand that he was more than the seven-year-old nephew they knew. That for all that he was still seven, and his behaviour and desires reflected that, he was scarred and wounded by the things he could remember and he understood things in the way a normal kid didn’t.

It wasn’t fair.

“Tesoro?” The soft voice of his father came from the doorway and Peter looked up startled. Mr Stark must have seen something in his expression because the man crossed the small space between them and crouched down, resting a gentle hand on Peter’s shoulder.

“Are you alright Tesoro?” He asked quietly.

Peter swallowed before nodding and reaching out to tug lightly on his father’s shirt.

“Can we go now?” He requested softly, “I’ve finished packing and it’s weird being back here.”

Mr Stark surveyed him carefully, and Peter resisted the urge to fidget. What he’d said was true, it just wasn’t all the truth. Eventually his father nodded, though concern still lurked in the back of his eyes.

“Alright then buddy,” he acquiesced, straightening up out of his crouch, “Let’s get some lunch.” He held out his hand and Peter reached out gratefully. The sensation of having his own smaller hand enclosed in his father’s calloused one was remarkably comforting, and helped to pull him out of the whirlwind of thoughts flying around his head.

Suitcases in tow, they made their way out of the apartment.

May glanced at the clock, internally sighing when she saw that it was barely five minutes since she’d last checked.

Stark had said he’d be coming by with Peter sometime between two and three, depending on how difficult the traffic out of New York was, and she’d been counting down the minutes since she’d finished her morning physiotherapy session.

She’d needed something to look forward to. The physiotherapy sessions were gruelling and made all the worse for the fact that despite the encouraging words from the therapist, she didn’t feel like she was making any improvement whatsoever. Oh, they assured her she was, but it didn’t feel like improvement when all that had happened was that the tingling sensations in her legs had spread slightly.

Still, there were some positives. Now she was strong enough to be in the residential unit, she was able to spend a greater proportion of her time in a wheelchair, or they would help her to transfer to the ordinary chairs in the communal lounge area. Not being a in hospital bed did make things easier, and the limited autonomy of being able to manoeuvre her own wheelchair around the facility was a welcome bit of freedom.

Simply being able to sit upright (even if she had to be helped into that position), helped her feel more human, and the ability to move the wheelchair the short distance to the tea hatch was a welcome bonus. It was a small thing, but it seemed that the past few weeks had been nothing but the small victories.

Though Peter visiting was a big victory.

She glanced at the clock again, and let out a sigh as she realised just how little time had passed. In an effort to distract herself she cast her eyes around the room, but there was very little to catch her attention. She was waiting in her own room - in deference to keeping Stark’s involvement with her family secret, they’d agreed they wouldn’t meet in a communal area - but the room was still incredibly bare.

She’d been admitted to hospital with nothing more than the clothes on her back and the items in her handbag, and had arrived here with nothing more than those and a few packages of clothing that had mysteriously arrived a few days into her hospital stay. She suspected Stark’s hand in that, possibly with Peter’s help, given they had been in her preferred style, though she hadn't had the energy or inclination to think about it for too long.

A knock on the door broke her out of her thoughts and she glanced up hopefully.

“Come in,” she called out.

Stark entered first, to her surprise. Despite the fact that he’d said he would come and that he’d bring Peter with him, a part of her hadn’t expected him to actually come. She certainly hadn’t expected him to come dressed casually, in jeans and a t-shirt with a blazer slung over the top, carrying a suitcase in one hand. He didn’t look like the playboy the magazines painted him as.

He looked like someone you could imagine being a father.

Peter entered after him, left hand enclosed in Stark’s, and May felt her breath catch. The resemblance had been startling enough over video, but it was clearer in person. She could still pick out features that were Mary’s through and through, but in many respects, Peter was the spitting image of Stark, and the last doubts that had lingered in the depths of her heart vanished.

No matter what she might think of this situation, Stark was Peter’s father and she would have to deal with that. As much as his blunt statement that he would not allow her to cut him out of Peter’s life had irked her when he’d first said it a few days ago, looking at them now, she was forced to admit that he might have a point.

It was evident that Peter was very comfortable around him, if the way he was almost tucked against the man’s side was any indication. Unless Stark proved to be a far more negligent parent than he appeared to be so far, it would only hurt Peter to cut the man out of his life, no matter how much of a bad influence he appeared to be. She would not be the person who cost Peter another father.

“Afternoon May,” Stark’s voice broke the silence, and abruptly May realised she had been staring. She broke herself out of it, a faint blush dusting her cheeks as she returned the greeting, returning Peter’s wave with a smile.

Stark had moved fully into the room now, and set down the suitcase he was carrying at the foot of her bed. Peter had followed behind him, and was looking around the room with obvious curiosity, though slightly to her disappointment, hadn’t made a move to leave Stark’s side.

“We went via your apartment and picked up some of your things,” he explained in response to her quizzical look. “Pepper thought you might appreciate it.”

“Pepper?”

“My fiancé – it’s a nickname,” he responded, “We got engaged a few weeks ago but I’ve known her for years.”

“Congratulations.” The answer was the rote response. An engagement did not fit with the image she had of the man, although, over the past weeks she had begun to see that there were layers to the man that were not represented in the media. She didn’t yet have a good picture of his character, but the pieces she was accumulating indicated there might be a good man underneath the glitz and glamour.

He flashed a quick grin at her in response, before gently encouraging Peter forward, “Why don’t you tell your Aunt about our trip to the beach kiddo?”

May welcomed the deflection, as much as she was pleased to have the opportunity to gain a better sense of Stark, it was Peter she had been longing to see. She smiled encouragingly at him, gesturing at the chair opposite her.

“Come and sit down pumpkin,” she said, “I’m still a bit too fragile for hugs, but I’m sure you’ve got lots to tell me.”

Her smile became slightly fixed as Peter hesitated for a second before scuttling forwards and perching on the chair, a strange tenseness in his posture. He looked like he couldn’t quite decide whether he wanted to run, or to throw himself towards her and cling on.

Her instincts were screaming at her. Something had been wrong, or had gone wrong in that first call, and it was glaringly obvious that something was still wrong now. She was just at a loss as to what.

“Why don’t you start with the saga of the Jedi Temple buddy?” The prompt was soft and May glanced up at Stark. The man had paused where he was unpacking the suitcase and dark eyes were fixed on the boy, worry lurking in them, though - she noted – there was no surprise. Whatever this was, Stark had anticipated it somehow, or had a good guess as to what was causing this mood.

She filed that thought away for later. She could interrogate Stark when Peter wasn’t around to hear it. A little of the tension inside her uncoiled as the boy began to speak, slowly at first, but he gained more enthusiasm as he talked.

May listened carefully as the story progressed, making sure to make the appropriate comments in the right places. Thankfully, as he became more distracted by the events he was relating, Peter seemed to relax, his posture loosening as he gesticulated more and more wildly. Slowly, the odd half fearful, half longing impression faded as he got caught up in his narrative, and May found her own smiles becoming easier.

If Peter could still get distracted, and enthusiastic by something as mundane as sandcastles, whatever the issue was might not be quite as bad as she had been expecting when she’d seen him sit down. It didn’t stop her instincts from screaming, but perhaps this would have a simpler fix than she’d first thought.

Five minutes later she had to revise that opinion.

Stark had finished unpacking the suitcase - from a few quick glances, the items they’d selected for her would certainly make the coming weeks more enjoyable – and moved over to claim the other free chair. As he sat down, Peter straightened and glanced over at the man, worrying his bottom lip with his teeth.

Stark raised a single eyebrow in response, tilting his head slightly, and then he unfolded his arms and placed them on the arm-rests of the chair. It was an invitation May realised suddenly, as with an almost apologetic look at her, Peter slid off his own chair and clambered up onto the man’s lap.

Stark’s arms wrapped around him immediately, the movement practiced and natural, and Peter melted into the hold, tension she had only subconsciously noticed he’d been carrying slipping away.

Jealousy surged through her, fierce and strong, and it was almost immediately followed by shame. Peter clearly needed the comfort if the way he’d relaxed was any indication, and if he found it in Stark, well at least the man could provide that when she couldn’t.

That didn’t stop it from hurting. Didn’t remove the confusion of why Peter was seeking out a man he’d known for bare weeks for comfort instead of the Aunt he’d known for years.

There was something wrong, something seriously wrong, but she couldn’t work out what. Surely it wasn’t simply the accident? Whilst the timings worked out, she was obviously recovering and there was good news with regards to Ben. Perhaps the answer lay in whatever had happened when Peter had gone missing? From what Anna had said, it was only for a matter of hours, but there were so many awful possibilities, and if you added in some other trauma, the boy’s behaviour made more sense.

Still, she couldn’t interrogate either Stark or Peter now, as much as she wanted to, May knew it wouldn’t help, and it wasn’t worth wasting this visit over. Despite Peter’s general skittishness, he seemed at least tentatively pleased to be here and she’d missed him. It could easily be several weeks before they came back to New York so she should make the most of the time they had.

She released a deep breath, before centring herself and smiling at the man and boy across from her.

“It sounds like you’ve been having some interesting adventures.”
Notes:

    Hello again, I hope you all enjoyed the update. I had quite a lot of fun writing this one, particularly the scenes in the apartment - if I have anything wrong with regards to their hobbies sorry - I couldn't find much information that pertained to it.

    So - angsty fluff - May definitely knows there is something wrong, but is confused as to what, and poor Peter is also struggling. There is a lot of potential in this going forward - and we'll be looking in on Ben in a bit as well! I hope you all enjoyed these interactions because we're in early June now - only a few days until the board meeting, which I know several of you are looking forward to.

    Again - a huge thank you to those of you who nominated this for the Irondad Creator Awards, I'm honoured to be ranked up alongside the frankly excellent set of fics that have been nominated. If you're curious about the other nominated words, the organisers have put together a collection of the nominated stories, and voting has opened if you're interested.

    Have a good week, and I'll see you next Saturday!

Chapter 25: Chapter 24
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tony frowned inwardly as they left the hospital. The visit with May had been difficult, and although he’d somewhat expected it to be, Peter’s reaction was still worrying, and it was obvious that May had noticed and was worried in turn.

He hadn’t missed the flash of hurt in her eyes when Peter had chosen to come and sit on his lap, although he hoped the boy had missed it. He understood it though, he would have reacted similarly if Morgan or Peter had shrunk away from him with no clear explanation.

It meant he would have to work out what he was telling her. He expected that she would want to bring it up the next time they talked, but trying to explain or evidence the claim of time travel on a video call would be unwise. It was also something he was leery about discussing with her at the facility, where he couldn’t guarantee secrecy.

Perhaps he could arrange for her to visit Malibu for a few days?

It would have to be later in her recovery of course, but in a few weeks, she should be strong enough for visits outside the facility, provided they could arrange for a certain level of care to be present. Given the timings, it might even be possible to get Ben out at the same time. That was probably the best solution.

He could demur it as something he wanted to discuss in person, giving her as few details as possible whilst remaining reasonably honest, and then arranging the time for them to discuss it. He just had to hope she would go along with it.

Then he had Peter’s reaction. That was something he could start to deal with now. However, a glance in the rear-view mirror revealed that Peter was slumped in his seat, tired eyes staring out of the window.

He could wait until the boy was more awake. It would do no good to press the issue now, as judging by the three-mile-stare the child was sporting, Peter was most likely to fall asleep during the flight home.

As expected, as soon as the seatbelt lights went out, Peter crawled into his lap again and promptly curled up. The boy’s upset had drained away, leaving nothing but fatigue in its wake, and Tony was content to simply hold his son, gently soothing him when his sleep became more fitful.

Given the time differences between New York and Malibu, they landed only thirty minutes after they had left, so it was still late afternoon. The nearly three-hour nap had been good for Peter, and the boy looked decidedly more awake as they made the short journey back to the mansion.

Once they were there Tony headed straight for the lounge, firmly ushering Peter ahead of him. The boy was content enough to clamber up onto the sofa, and Tony settled beside him, automatically wrapping an arm around his son’s thin shoulders.

“What’s wrong kiddo?” He asked softly, “You’ve been upset all day.”

Peter looked up at him, fingers fidgeting with the edge of his T-shirt, and the beginnings of a pout on his lips.

“You know what’s wrong.” He muttered in reply, a hint of sullenness in his tone.

“I think I do buddy,” Tony returned evenly, “But I’d like to hear it from you. I may be a genius but mind-reading isn’t one of my many talents.”

The quip won him a flash of a smile, but it faded almost immediately afterwards.

“It hurts,” the boy admitted plaintively. “It’s easier to forget here, everything’s new so I don’t see the differences as much.” He paused then, nuzzling closer and Tony was happy to indulge the unspoken request for comfort.

“The apartment wasn’t right. And she isn’t my Aunt May and it’s not fair.”

The last words were a wail, and Tony immediately gathered his son into his arms, tucking the boy’s head under his chin and holding on tightly as tears started to soak through his shirt.

“I know Tesoro, I know, I’m sorry.” He murmured over and over again, waiting for Peter’s sobs to die away.

Eventually weeping gave way to hiccoughs and Peter spoke again, words pouring forth now the initial dam had burst.

“They’re alive and I should be happy because they’re here and not dead and I haven’t lost them, but I’m not and they aren’t right and I have lost them and it hurts Papà!”

It was a child’s cry for comfort, for him to take everything that was wrong and make it better, and Tony felt his heart crack. He hated seeing his children in pain, and he couldn’t fix this, or magically make the pain go away.

“And I hurt Aunt May as well. She was expecting a different Peter and I’m not her Peter and I wanted to see her and I wanted to run away as well. I don’t know what to do Papà – I’m not supposed to be sad. They’re alive and here so I shouldn’t be upset but I am, and I can’t stop it!”

Peter fell silent, damp brown eyes meeting Tony’s own, a plea in their depths. Tony let out a quiet sigh, pulling the boy closer and pressing a kiss to his forehead as he marshalled his thoughts.

“You’re allowed to grieve Peter,” he said softly, fingers stroking comforting patterns on the boy’s back as he continued,

“They may be alive but things are different now and it’s okay to mourn for what’s been lost. You’re going to be sad, probably for quite a while and that’s okay too, you shouldn’t try it stop it.”

“But I don’t want to hurt them.” Peter protested quietly, “They’re still Aunt May and Uncle Ben.”

Tony paused for a few seconds, considering his response.

“I know,” he said eventually, “But sometimes that happens in family. You’re going to hurt them, and they will hurt you, and all you can do is apologise, try to be kind and forgive each other.” He took a deep breath, meeting the brown eyes that stared up at him squarely.

“The coming months are going to be difficult buddy,” he said quietly, fingers maintaining their comforting rhythm, “And they’re going to hurt, but you’ll regret it if you give up, and it will get easier – you managed it with May today didn’t you?”

There was a nod against his chest.

“It was easier once I was talking,” the boy admitted.

“There you go buddy,” he murmured, “It’ll take time, but eventually it won’t hurt as much, and in the meantime, you can always ask for help, and come to me when you’re upset.”

He was answered by Peter snuggling closer and a small voice adding, slightly indignantly, “I did today!”

He dropped another kiss onto Peter’s brow. “You did when we visited May,” he acknowledged, careful to keep any hint of reprimand out of his voice, “But something was wrong back in the apartment.”

The blush that crept up the back of Peter’s neck was enough to tell him that his point had successfully struck home, and Tony didn’t press for a further response. Instead, he leant back on the couch, shifting Peter into a more comfortable position before requesting a film from Jarvis.

Pepper would be back in an hour or so, and given the rollercoaster of a day they’d just had, a Disney movie would be an excellent way to unwind before she got back.

Jarvis waited patiently. It had taken nearly two days for he and Sir to be certain that they had completely taken over Shield’s satellite, and done so in a way that was undetectable.

They could perhaps have done it faster but Sir had decreed that he wanted to be certain that Shield would not identify what they had been doing, and Jarvis calculated a 99.9982% probability that they had been successful. That probability was steadily increasing as the number of cycles Shield continued to transmit data and orders as normal increased.

Now they were only 101,576 cycles away from attempting to infiltrate Shield’s main servers, as the satellite they had controlled transmitted back to New York during a single 32-minute window in its 5-hour, 42 minute and 6 second orbital period.

 It would be this transmission that sent the first of the set of innocuous appearing packages into Shield’s servers, neatly designed so that they would be undetectable to their defensive software and carefully spread through the data packet.

They would know if these programs were successful when Shield transmitted their data and orders back during the final quartile of the orbital window. If they inhabited the 98.4438% probability region and a successful infiltration was achieved, they would then be able to start the long process of subverting the main Shield servers.

“Data packet sent Sir.”

“Good work J,” Sir replied, “Alert me when the orders come in, and bring up the plans for the meeting on Wednesday.”

“Those files are marked as complete Sir,” Jarvis pointed out, as his subroutines provided the memory locations and brought up the requested files.

Sir simply shrugged, “No harm in being thorough J.”

1572 subroutines presented files that contradicted the implications in that statement 37 cycles later, and Jarvis waited the obligatory 3064 cycles before he presented his summary to his creator.

“Is this a new policy Sir?” He asked, modulating the sound output of his speakers, creating a precise set of inflections on the words he knew Sir interpreted as sarcasm.

“I’m always thorough Jarvis!” False indignation coated Sir’s response and Jarvis spent 17632 cycles testing the probabilities for the most effect retort before he replied.

“The Bern Incident Sir? Or perhaps the design of the Troy Missile series?”

Sir rolled his eyes, throwing a fondly exasperated glance at one of his cameras.

“That’s enough out of you J! I know I didn’t program you with that level of sass.”

The response to that was traditional, and by the hint of a grin on Sir’s face, the man was waiting for it and Jarvis did not intend to disappoint.

“I learnt from the best Sir.”

Sir’s grin had widened, and he patted the nearest monitor in a gesture Jarvis knew was intended to portray physical affection to a being who had never had a sense of a body as the term was defined the dictionary.

“That you did Jarvis – now have the new chairs been successfully installed in Conference Room 12?”

35,389,448 cycles later a subroutine alerted Jarvis to a change in the satellite.

“Shield has replied Sir,” he said, letting the wave modulation convey his satisfaction, “Their orders are typical and possess no signs that indicate they are aware of the breach.”

The smile that crossed Sir’s lips then was an expression that Jarvis had only catalogued seven times, and all of them since Sir had returned from Afghanistan. The closest image match he could find within his databases was that of snarling grey wolf.

“Excellent,” Sir murmured, the sound almost too low for Jarvis’ microphones to detect, then he increased his volume, “Time to crack Shield Jarvis.”

Rhodey squared his shoulders as he headed for Tony’s mansion. He had finally started the leave he’d been putting off for the last three months during the search for his best friend, and of course that meant, less than forty-eight hours into it, he was already heading out to deal with another of Tony’s messes.

He amended that thought a second later. It would be uncharitable to lay the current mess at Tony’s feet, given it was Stane’s actions that were to blame, though Tony as always seemed to be in the thick of trouble. That was a trait that had been apparent even when he’d been fifteen. If there was trouble anywhere in a ten-mile radius, you could bet that Tony would end up in the middle of it.

He hoped that was not a trait Peter had inherited.

It was hard enough being friends with Tony, he didn’t think he could take the stress of dealing with another disaster of a Stark.

However, if he was lucky this visit would be mostly drama free. Tony had a board meeting where he planned to deal with Stane early tomorrow and his friend had called him yesterday and asked him whether he would be up for watching Peter during it. He also indicated that he wouldn’t mind a more general catch-up so “Come the night before and stay for a couple of days, honeybear.”

It was an easy request to agree to. Babysitting was one of the more normal things he’d done for his best friend, though admittedly not one he would have ever expected to be doing even a few weeks earlier. A promise of a relaxing catch-up, particularly after the stress of the last few months was also nice, especially now Tony seemed to be sticking to his promise to go sober.

Rhodey was capable of drinking with the best – he was in the military and was Tony Stark’s best friend – but he’d found the experience of getting nearly blackout drunk had lost much of it’s appeal by the time he'd reached his mid-twenties. Tony’s parties had always included more alcohol than he appreciated, although his friend possessed excellent taste when it came to the more expensive whiskeys, wines and scotches.

Still, an evening of good food, with old friends and the opportunity to relax were the sort of simple pleasures a high-flying military career left him unable to indulge in as often as he would like.

“Good evening Colonel Rhodes.” Jarvis greeted him as he stepped into the mansion and Rhodey returned the greeting before the AI continued.

“Sir asks you to come up to the lounge, and wishes to check whether your taste in Chinese food remains unchanged.”

“Thank you Jarvis, tell Tony I’m happy with the normal order please.”

“Of course Colonel.” The AI replied, and soon Rhodey exited the elevator into the main living space of the mansion.

“Hello Mr Rhodey!” A young voice chirped, and Rhodey smiled down at the boy in response, waving a greeting to his friend as he did so. Tony waved back lazily in response, making no move to get up, but given the way Peter was curled up against his side Rhodey didn’t blame him.

Although he’d seen Peter and Tony interact before, the sight of his best friend sitting on the couch with a kid happily snuggled up against his side was still peculiar. It was a good image, and Rhodey was pleased to see it, though it would take some getting used to. From his quick evaluation, he was glad to see that despite Tony’s new brand of stupidity with that brilliant and utterly reckless suit of armour, the man’s recent sobriety seemed to be holding.

If having a son had prompted Tony to straighten himself out Rhodey only wished he’d known about the boy years ago.

“Pepper will be home in thirty,” Tony said once Rhodey had settled himself down on a free chair, “And the Chinese should arrive around then too, so cartoons or Mario Cart while we wait?”

“Either’s good Tones,” he shrugged before turning towards the child currently using his best friend as a pillow, “Any preferences Peter?”

The boy’s face scrunched up in thought and Rhodey bit back a smile as he saw Tony absentmindedly card his hand through the child’s hair, and noted the way the boy leant into the touch. The interaction had taken place without words, and there was a causal nature to the affection that still startled him. For as long as he’d known the man, Tony didn’t do physical affection.

“Mario Cart.” Peter said decisively, before hopping up to fetch the controls with a grace to his moments that Rhodey envied – a military job was not kind on the joints.

The following half hour passed quickly, and Rhodey soon discovered that Peter was just as competitive as his father and surprisingly good at the game. They had just completed the Flower Cup, which Tony had narrowly won, when Pepper arrived, signalling the end to the game.

The food arrived shortly afterwards, and Rhodey found himself relaxing further as laughter and jokes flowed round the table. It had the unmistakable air of family to it, and it filled a void that Rhodey hadn’t been consciously aware he was missing.

He’d considered Tony a best friend, and troublesome kid brother for years, but Tony had never been stable enough to slip into this sort of gentle family ambience. Now, sitting around the table with his brother, his brother’s son, and the woman he knew his friend was sweet on, it felt remarkably similar to the times he’d visited his sister and her family.

By God, he hoped this lasted.

“Bedtime bug,” Tony announced as they finished the meal, and that was something Rhodey remembered from the last visit. Tony and Peter vanished upstairs and he stretched as he stood up to help Pepper with the dishes.

Tony reappeared around thirty minutes later and they all migrated over to the lounge, steaming mugs of coffee in their hands.

“So,” Tony started, and Rhodey raised an eyebrow in response. He recognised that tone of voice, it meant Tony had something to tell him and going by past experience it was likely to be something that would be dangerous, worrisome or both.

Carefully, he placed his mug on the coffee table, and fixed his friend with a steady look.

“It’s nothing bad.” Tony protested immediately, offence laced through his voice. He paused then conceded, “Though you probably don’t want to be holding your coffee.”

That did nothing to quell the wariness in his gut, and he raised an eyebrow in response. He did not trust Tony to have a good idea what sort of news or ideas qualified as bad.

Tony huffed.

“Pepper and I are engaged.”

Well. That was not what he had been expecting, but for once he agreed with Tony’s assessment, this was certainly not bad news, and he was glad he wasn’t holding a mug of scalding liquid.

A grin was spreading across his face, “Congratulations to you both,” he said, giving them both sincere smiles before his grin took on a slightly sly cast.

“It’s about time Tones – your pining has been ridiculous.”

His friend let out a bark of laughter at that, and he and Pepper exchanged an amused glance that he didn’t quite understand.

“Welcome to the family Pepper,” he continued, “It’ll be good to have more official help with this walking disaster.”

The indignant look on Tony’s face was priceless,

“That’s not quite all the news though,” Pepper added, before pausing, a hint of a mischievous smile curling around her lips.

Rhodey looked between them, but their faces gave nothing away as his mind flicked through the possibilities. Finally, he sighed and threw out the first thing he’d thought of.

“Don’t tell me you’re pregnant as well?”

The matching grins that spread across their faces, and the proud, loving glint in Tony’s eyes, that he’d only ever seen around Peter were enough to make him choke on air.

“Seriously?” He couldn’t keep the shock out of his voice.

“Three weeks along,” Pepper confirmed, Tony nodding along next to her.

Rhodey breathed steadily, letting the news settle in his brain and the shock subside. This would take a lot of time to get used to. A few weeks ago Tony had been missing, presumed dead, and now he was home, engaged, with a young son and another kid on the way. He’d morphed, seemingly overnight, into a doting father and family man, and inhabited the role as if he had been born to do it.

He liked this new version of his friend, but it was still so very strange.

He mustered his thoughts, and allowed the excitement at the prospect of a wedding and a new Stark baby rise up inside him.

“So, a new brother or sister for Peter,” he ventured, “Have you started thinking of names?”
Notes:

    Hello - here's the update - and sorry if any of you were worried, I know it's a few hours late (blame real life being incredibly hectic today!).

    So - we're almost at the confrontation with Stane - congratulations to everyone who's been patiently waiting for that. And then some more Jarvis and Rhodey POV, which I'm aware a few of you have been asking for. Rhodey now knows a bit more - I hope you enjoyed his reaction and this interlude of fluff before we get to the plot heavy chapters that are coming up.

    I hope you enjoyed it, and a huge thank you for the continuing interest and all the different ways you've been engaging with this fic - and see you next Saturday!

Chapter 26: Chapter 25
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tony surveyed the boardroom carefully, fingers tapping a staccato rhythm on the edge of the table. The rest of the board members would not be arriving for another hour, but he had deliberately left early to make sure everything was prepared.

He was taking a risk today.

It wasn’t a big risk, certainly compared to the vast majority of the Iron Man missions he’d run, this was ranked incredibly low on the potentially lethal scale, but it didn’t have to be lethal to be costly. Stane was the gaping vulnerability in SI, and only once he was removed would he be able to start removing the rot below.

But this wouldn’t be a fight to the death, with Stane conveniently dead following the battle and with the knowledge of his crimes safely buried beneath the tale of a tragic, untimely death. Small aircraft, they have such poor safety records.

No, this would be a battle of evidence. Of winning hearts and minds, to push through his reforms and turn SI into the industrial powerhouse, and industry dominating giant it would need to be in order to prepare the Earth for Thanos.

Tony let out a deep breath, smoothing out non-existent creases from his suit as the persona of Anthony Stark slid into place.

This was his kingdom, and as he settled into his place at the head of the table, he was king. Today Stane would learn why he should have been afraid to even think about betraying him. Ruthlessness wasn’t something he learnt as Iron Man after all. No, that lesson had been imparted by his father and Tony had always been a fast learner.

Slowly the board members started to trickle in, and Tony kept a tight-lipped smile on his face, nodding courteously as they entered but making no move to interject into pre-existing conversations.

Nevertheless, his mere presence sent a fission of unease through the room. He had never arrived early for a meeting before, and his uncharacteristic silence was evidently unnerving some of the more easily startled members of the board.

Stane entered the room next and Tony supressed the smile that threatened to break his control when he saw the way the man did a double take at his presence, before almost visibly shaking off his shock. A contemplative look fell over his face then, and was swiftly followed by a greedy glint that grew in his eyes.

Tony could almost see the thoughts swirling through his mind. The insinuation he’d dropped about stepping down from the CEO role had made deep roots in Obadiah’s brain and he could almost taste the anticipation rolling off the man.

He leant back in his chair, sharp eyes surveying the group as Stane made his way over to the chair at Tony’s right hand. Once seated, he leant towards him and asked in a voice that masqueraded as a whisper but was obviously meant to carry to the board members nearest them.

“A special announcement for us today my boy?”

Tony smiled.

“I think it will be a most memorable meeting.” He replied, letting promise linger heavily in his tone.

Obadiah leant back in his chair, a hint of a pleased smile curling around his lips and Tony couldn’t help the surge of vicious satisfaction at the sight. He’d not said anything untrue, but the implications Stane had heard were vastly different to the truth. Dashing those dreams to shreds was an unnecessary cruelty but it would satiate the darker impulses in his heart that wanted to see the betrayer begging for mercy.

The last of the board members trickled in as the clock struck eleven, and Tony rose to his feet. Sharp brown eyes surveyed the group and silence fell abruptly, as the weight of his gaze fell heavily on each of them.

“Greetings gentlemen,” he said, letting the first hint of a wolfish smile play around his lips. “I am pleased to report that excellent progress has been made in the last few weeks.” Two taps of his fingers pulled up the required visuals on the screen behind him.

“As you can see, initial sales figures on our new lines have exceeded our original estimates…”

As he talked through the ordinary, mundane business of recovering stocks and production figures, Tony paced around the head of the table, each circuit bringing him past Stane’s chair. A subtle flick of his fingers, his hand brushing along the chair’s back in exactly the right place, and everything was ready.

It was time to spring the trap.

He brought the first part of his presentation to a close, eyes lingering for a moment on the camera on the laptop he knew Jarvis was looking through, waiting for his signal.

He moved to stand at the head of the table, shifting his posture slightly as he did so, and the atmosphere in the room changed with it. Tension flared in the shoulders of the board members as they subconsciously noticed the threat.

“I have further good news,” he announced lightly, deliberately letting his tone jar against the edge of menace now bleeding into every movement. “The investigation into the mole in our supply chains has borne fruit and I have their initial results to share with you today.”

Instantly the lights in the room went out and footage flashed up on the main screen, immediately drawing every single eye bar one. But Tony didn’t need to look at the distraction there, his ears had picked up a tiny hiss of escaping air, and the quiet mechanical clink that alerted him to the fact his trap had worked.

Tony took a single step to the right, dropping a now repulsor clad hand onto Stane’s shoulder and bringing his lips to the restrained man’s ear.

“Game over, Obie.”

The whisper was quiet, meant for the traitor’s ears only and he felt the shoulder beneath his hand stiffen and tense, straining uselessly against the webbing and metal that held him in place.

Spiderman’s webbing had held down super-soldiers with enhanced strength for minutes at a time, and the metal restraints he’d added to the chair were made out of the same bulletproof alloy as his armour. A normal, aging, unfit human stood no chance.

Satisfied Stane was secured, Tony stepped away, repulsor turning back into a watch, reclaiming the central stage as the first images faded from the projector.

They were simply the tip of the iceberg when it came to the documents Jarvis had unearthed, but even this slideshow of images was distracting enough as it reeled through a list, linking individual illegal shipments to atrocities across the world. The board members were reacting as expected, although the darkness of the room prevented him from seeing their faces, Tony could still hear the muted exclamations of shock and disgust from around the table, but the show was just getting started.

He stepped directly into the light from the projector, and the lighting shifted immediately, spotlighting his position.

Good work Jarvis.

The documents he’d started off with were shocking enough, but they would not be enough to win through, and to ensure that he could make the changes he needed to. For that he needed Stane, needed to expose him to everyone here and leave not a shred of doubt with regards to his guilt.

He smiled then, white teeth glinting in the light.

“We have been played for fools gentlemen,” he announced crisply, “Weapons created to save our brave service men and women, turned against them. Atrocities committed with the name Stark emblazoned on them.”

He paused then, letting his words sink in, leaving the brutal image of a decimated village, dead children scattered carelessly across the ground and in the middle of single tailfin of a missile, the name Stark clearly visible, illuminated behind him.

“No more.” The words were cold and implacable. “I will not see Stark Industries weaponry used to conduct massacres of civilians.”

“But how?” A brave soul in the back of the darkened room spoke up, “How can we stop this if we do not know where the leak is?”

Tony’s lips stretched in a mirthless smile.

“I never said that. Jarvis if you would?”

Exactly on cue the audio recording started to play over the speakers and Raza’s voice filled the room, guttural tones grating in the refined surroundings. Even in the darkness, Tony could sense the uneasiness in the room, seeing in the way dark figures shifted, hear it in the tapping of fingernails against wood and plastic.

That unease flared and burst into shock and horror as Stane’s unmistakeable tones filtered through the speakers. Every person in this room had worked with the man for years, and Tony could hear the gasps, and hastily muffled oaths as the recording continued to play.

He’d chosen this particular recording deliberately as it clearly indicated Stane’s guilt, with regards to both the attempted murder, and the weaponry he’d been supplying to the Ten Rings.

The recording finished and the room darkened abruptly once more. Tony let them process what they’d just heard and seen for a few seconds before he clapped sharply, the sound bursting through the silence of the room and drawing every eye towards him.

Jarvis brought the lights back up, and Tony didn’t bother to restrain his grin as he caught sight of Stane for the first time since his capture.

The chair had worked perfectly. Concealed canisters of Peter’s webbing had deployed, covering most of the man’s body in a sticky cocoon, and the man’s struggles had only served to wrap the polymer strands more tightly around his body.

Nanobots had also surged out of concealed chambers, forming nigh-unbreakable hand and foot cuffs around the traitor’s extremities, and another set formed a gag around his mouth. Despite the way he was restrained, above the silvery gag, hateful eyes stared in Tony’s direction, but the man was able to ignore that.

“Our mole gentlemen,” he proclaimed, gesturing expansively toward the man trussed up securely.

The uproar was immediate.

They’d heard the call, they all had, but the sight of one of their own, a man they had worked alongside, some of them for years, restrained and gagged, pushed through the last of their restraint. Tony waited calmly for the shouting to die down, piercing eyes surveying the gathering and noting which of the shouts were of horror, which were of denial and who was sitting absolutely silently.

Eventually he raised one hand and silence rippled out across the room.

“We have been betrayed,” he said quietly, “Obadiah Stane has been working with terrorists, lying to this very room and making a mockery of everything we have worked for.”

Each word dropped like a stone into the silence, and every eye was fixed on him as he continued to speak. The words were calm and unhurried, delivered in a soft voice that nevertheless was laced with steel.

“He tried to have me murdered. He very nearly succeeded.”

The words were blunt, and several men flinched. They flinched again when another video started playing on the screen behind him.

The hostage video had been another very useful find on Stane’s computer and it was proving his point perfectly. He deliberately did not look at the screen however, simply hearing the words was enough to bring the memories back and he couldn’t afford to have a flashback, not here, not now.

Instead, he focused on the rest of the room. Virtually all the board members were reacting with shock and horror, and at least a couple were looking decidedly ill as the video progressed, both at the obvious extent of his injuries and the very visible sets of Stark weaponry in the cave.

He had them exactly where he wanted them.

Satisfied with that, he turned his attention to Stane. The man had stopped struggling now, although a faint smear of red along his wrists indicated just how hard he had been fighting against the handcuffs. Hate burned in his eyes, but beneath that Tony could see the glimmers of fear, and the beginnings of defeat.

Good.

The video finished, but Jarvis left the central image up on the screen, as Tony moved in for the kill.

“He was willing to hire terrorists to murder me,” he repeated, the words steady and implacable, “And if he had succeeded, how many of you would he have been willing to murder if you had opposed him?”

That question hung in the air, and several more board members now had distinctly queasy looks on their faces.

Excellent.

“There is a cancer in our midst gentlemen, a cancer that has grown and spread and warped everything that this company ever stood for. Stark Industries was founded to keep Americans safe, and we have become a bastion for terrorists and murderers.”

He turned slowly, surveying the room and meeting every eye that was riveted on him.

“And that is why I will be shutting down the weapons division of Stark Industries, effective immediately.”

There was no uproar this time, merely a few gasps and faces that suddenly appeared to be carved from granite, but no-one argued. Tony carefully kept the smile off his face, showing any sign of his victory now would jeopardize everything he’d put in place during this meeting.

The rest of the meeting passed swiftly. Stane was removed from the board by a unanimous vote, and the halt to weapons manufacturing passed with nothing more than abstentions. That was better than he had expected, despite the fact he had the entire room off-balanced and feeling distinctly ill, he’d expected more pushback.

He’d have to watch them carefully during the coming months. Terrifying and shocking the board members into compliance could work for a while, and he doubted he’d have much open trouble from any of them whilst the memory of Stane’s capture was still fixed in their minds, but that wouldn’t hold indefinitely.

And fear was dangerous.

A cornered, frightened man could lash out, and act unexpectedly. He was walking a very thin tightrope, frightening them now was necessary, but he would need to provide the carrot of rising stocks and large dividends over the coming months if he was to avoid the backlash his actions today could generate.

Still, he mused as the board members slowly tricked out, throwing disturbed or wary glances towards where Stane was still restrained, it had been a most successful morning.

He waited until the last man had left before rising from his seat once more, and sauntering over to where Obadiah sat. Hate was still simmering in his face, but the fear was now far more present, and there was a sullen look of defeat banked below it.

A wolfish smirk was clear on his features as he started to circle the man, letting menace flood his posture as he stood.

“What should I do with you Obie?” he mused softly. “I could give you the same chance you gave me. Though, I doubt you’d make it as much as three months.”

He made a show of looking the man up and down, “No,” he concluded quietly, “You wouldn’t survive that long.”

He trailed his fingers across the edge of the chair, relishing in the way the man flinched back as he continued.

“I could just kill you,” he said quietly, the words scarcely above a whisper, “That would be poetic don’t you think?” He smiled at the fear that was now shining clearly in the traitor’s eyes, “But that would be too easy.”

He dropped the act then, letting the silky menace fade away and letting the cold anger and betrayal that bubbled in his gut rise to the surface.

“You betrayed me Stane,” he hissed, fury written across his features, “You sold out SI, abandoned any code of ethics and stood by whilst children were killed by defective weaponry and for what? Money? Power?”

Two quick taps of his fingers and the nanobots in the gag retreated, leaving Stane free to speak although none of his other bonds were loosened.

“You were always a bleeding-heart Anthony,” the man spat, rage unable to fully mask the terror in the depths of his eyes, “Pity Howard never managed to beat it out of you. Men like you have no place in business, I should have dealt with you years ago.”

Tony laughed then, the sound short and sharp, and the sound did nothing but infuriate his godfather further.

“You’ll ruin this company,” he nearly yelled, “You’re nothing but a screw-up who should have died instead of Howard. You need me Anthony.”

Fifteen years ago that blow would have landed, dug in deep and hurt, but Tony had made his peace with his parents’ deaths several years ago so contrary to the man’s expectations he simply smiled.

“No,” he replied calmly, quietly, “I shouldn’t have. And Stane, SI will go from strength to strength, and you won’t be part of it.” Another tap of his fingers and the nanobots moved to gag the man again, “You’ll watch from your cell as the world moves on without you, as your name goes down in disgrace and becomes nothing more than a footnote in history.”

He leaned closer, letting his voice drop to a whisper, “And you’ll know it was your own fault. I trusted you, and you could have had it all, wealth, power, influence but you got greedy and it cost you everything.”

Tony straightened then, brushing imaginary lint from his shoulders as he headed towards the exit. At the door he paused and looked back. Stane still attempted to look defiant from his sticky cocoon but defeat was threaded through his posture and the vengeful part of his heart voiced its satisfaction.

“Jarvis,” he said lightly, “Ask Happy to come up here. There’s some trash for him to dispose of.”

At the AI’s acknowledgement he shut the door behind him, leaving Stane to stew in his thoughts for a few minutes before Happy started the process of handing him over to the FBI.

The board meeting had been successful, but he couldn’t return home immediately. The press conference had been scheduled to take place almost immediately after the meeting, as he had no illusions that Stane’s arrest wouldn’t leak. Long and bitter experience had taught him that it was always better to get ahead of the story, as that would give him the most control.

And this was a story he needed to control.

Stocks would take a hit, but they’d built up enough iron-clad contracts with the new ranges that SI would survive. Frankly it would be less damaging than his announcement in the previous timeline had been, but less damaging, didn’t mean no damage and he still needed to get ahead of this.

He concealed a sigh as he headed down to the briefing room they used for press events. He would be grateful when this was over and he could return home. Using the hostage video, whilst useful, had also brought back unpleasant memories, and spending time with his children was one of the better salves for his battered psyche.
Notes:

    So - the chapter I know several of you have been waiting for - I hope you all enjoyed it, and it lived up to expectations.

    I do enjoy getting to write Anthony Stark - it's fun to explore Tony's ruthless buisnessman side as well sometimes, so I hope you all enjoyed seeing that. We'll be back with some of the others next week - this is one of the few chapters in this fic that is a single POV all the way through - and we've got Rhodey and Jarvis coming up soon.

    Again, thank you for the continuing interest in this story, and particularly for all the lovely comments. See you next Saturday!

Chapter 27: Chapter 26
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Rhodey whistled through his teeth as he looked at the prototype Peter had shyly presented to him.

“That’s damn impressive kid,” he said, unable to keep the shock out of his voice.

He’d known Peter was smart of course, the boy was Tony’s son and the previous time they’d met, he’d happy rambled on about the project he was working on – some kind of medical polymer if Rhodey remembered correctly - and there had been times he’d struggled to keep up despite his degree.

But Chemistry wasn’t his specialist subject, and whilst he’d known what the boy was doing was hard, he hadn’t been sure how difficult it was. Robotics however was a subject he knew very well indeed, and the drone prototype Peter had quietly asked for his opinion on was remarkable. He wasn’t sure that even Tony could have come up with something so complex at the boy’s age.

He lifted it carefully, gently manipulating it to get a better idea of its functions, mindful of the wary eye the boy was keeping on his creation. He could tell that it had been designed to be able to fly, and well as move along the ground, but there were several features that he couldn’t immediately see a use for.

“What is it for Peter?” He asked, unable to hold his curiosity at bay.

“It’s to help Dad,” the child supplied, fingers twisting nervously in the hem of his shirt. “Its job is to do reconnaissance and get into tight spaces if needed. He can also call for back-up if Dad needs it.”

Rhodey stilled, giving the boy a careful, scrutinising look before asking cautiously, “You know about what your Dad is doing?”

Peter nodded immediately. “I help him with his suits sometimes,” he volunteered, “And he always tells me when he goes on missions so I don’t worry too much. But I want to help, so I built Droney.” The last words were said with a shrug as the boy gestured towards the robot Rhodey was still holding.

Rhodey blew out a breath, setting the implications of that explanation aside to examine later. He was surprised Peter seemed to know as much as he did about Tony’s overnight activities, though he conceded, given how intelligent Peter was, it would probably have been very difficult to hide it from the boy.

That didn’t mean he wasn’t concerned, but that wasn’t a discussion to have with Peter.

“Have you tested it yet?” He asked, hoping to prod the discussion back to safer waters. In response the boy pouted.

“Not yet,” he grumbled, “I don’t want to show Dad until it’s done but Mr Jarvis says he doesn’t count as ‘responsible adult supervision’ if I’m going to test something.”

“I am unable to intervene if the test appears to be going poorly Master Peter,” the AI interjected, “As per my protocols I cannot permit you to do something that might put you in danger.”

“But Mr Rhodey would count as responsible adult supervision right?” Peter stated more than asked and Rhodey felt his eyebrows beginning to rise as he listened to the boy and AI debate back and forth.

“Papà always says Mr Rhodey is the responsible one and I’m allowed to test things when Dad’s here, so I should be able to test things with Mr Rhodey.” The boy reasoned, an innocent smile on his face.

The pieces were starting to fall into place. Rhodey had been expecting a far quieter child, particularly given how skittish the boy had been when they first met, so he’d been taken aback slightly when Peter had excitedly asked to go down to the lab once lunch was over, and started to talk about his invention. He’d gone along with it, the lab was somewhere Tony had explicitly said Peter was allowed provided he had supervision, and he’d just been glad the boy seemed to be comfortable.

He should have known Peter was plotting something.

The boy was Tony’s son after all and he’d lost count of how many schemes his best friend had dragged him into over the years. At least this one seemed relatively harmless, though perhaps that was to be expected – surely the boy’s age would put a limit on the amount of mayhem he could unleash.

That didn’t mean he wouldn’t be cautious however. That was a lesson that had been painfully learnt.

“What sort of tests were you thinking of running Peter?” He asked in the next interlude in the conversation.

Peter turned to him then, excitement stamped across his features and brown eyes wide and pleading. Rhodey felt a brief flash of unease at that look – it was far too powerful a weapon to be in the hands of a child, and a Stark child at that.

“Just a few Mr Rhodey,” the boy assured him before launching into a stream of science that Rhodey found himself having to concentrate in order to follow.

“Jarvis?” he asked when Peter was done, and the AI responded quickly,

“All tests are safe to carry out within the workshop Colonel Rhodes, provided that you use Testing Room B, and remain behind the bulletproof glass for the duration of the tests.”

Peter’s eyes lit up at the confirmation and he turned bright brown orbs on Rhodey, looking beseechingly at him. It was a deadly look, and the colonel couldn’t help but feel a flash of admiration for his friend’s restraint. The boy seemed to be unaware of the power he was wielding, but Tony presumably saw that expression frequently, and Peter seemed not to be utterly spoilt yet.

Well, he was the ‘uncle’ in these family dynamics so that meant he didn’t have to worry about spoiling the boy.

“You can run a few tests kid,” he acquiesced, and couldn’t help the grin that twitched his own lips at the beaming smile the boy sent his way in reply.

Over the next hour Rhodey found himself acting as a strange mix of adult supervision and lab technician. The instant he’d given the boy permission to start his experiments he’d launched into a set of flight tests, before following them with durability tests.

Peter had remained remarkably serious throughout, watching each test intently and making notes on what he saw. The resemblance to teenage Tony was remarkable and more than once Rhodey had found himself biting back his friend’s name.

At other times it was impossible to forget it was just a child working with him, particularly when Peter looked at him sheepishly and admitted that he needed Rhodey to do part of a test because,

“Dad doesn’t let me use that. He says I’m too small.”

Which was more responsible than he would have originally given his best friend credit for, however, given the machine in question shot bullets of varying calibres at a designated target, he certainly agreed with Tony’s call.

“Lockdown protocols activated.”

Jarvis’ voice suddenly emanated from the speakers in the lab, even as blast shielding slid down over the windows and doors.

Rhodey snapped to attention instantly, hand automatically reaching for the gun he kept on his hip, hissing as his fingers met nothing but empty air.

He wasn’t on deployment and California wasn’t an open carry state, so his gun was back on base. That left him unarmed, but that didn’t leave him helpless, he was in Tony’s lab after all, and there were plenty of tools and objects here that would make excellent improvised weapons if the need arose.

“Situation report Jarvis.” He demanded, automatically slipping into military mode, “Kid take cover.” He kept an eye on the boy, checking that his order had been followed even as he listened to the AI’s response.

“Intruders have breached the outer perimeter,” Jarvis said calmly. “Their intentions are unknown but containment procedures have begun.”

There was a short pause before the AI continued. “Sir has been notified and informed that Master Peter and yourself are safe inside the workshop. Lockdown Protocol will be lifted on Sir’s authorisation once the threat is neutralised.”

“Neutralised?” Rhodey asked sharply.

“I am not authorised to use deadly force except in defence of Sir, his family, or myself. As you and Master Peter are safely located inside the workshop, which the intruders have no means of breaching, and my servers are similarly beyond their reach, my aim is to incapacitate not kill.”

The man nodded crisply in response, careful not to let his relief show on his face. He knew that he wasn’t aware of a fraction of Jarvis’ capabilities, and he trusted Tony’s programming abilities, but the idea of the AI making independent decisions to kill another human made him uneasy.

“Mr Rhodey?” A timid voice piped up from behind him and he half turned to see a curly shock of brown hair peeking out from behind Tony’s workbench.

“Stay down Peter,” he instructed, though not unkindly, but Peter ignored the instruction, clambering out from behind the bench and holding a glove like device out towards him.

Rhodey raised an unimpressed eyebrow. Now was not the time for the boy to be stubborn, but much like his father Peter ignored the inherent reprimand and padded forward, handing the glove to Rhodey.

“It’s a repulsor,” the boy explained at his disappointed look, “Dad hasn’t quite finished it, but it will still fire and I thought you’d like a weapon.”

Rhodey smiled genuinely at that, taking the weapon from the boy and examining it carefully. Once Peter had pointed it out, he could clearly see the trigger mechanism, and if this was the same as the devices Tony had been showing off in that suit, it would certainly work well.

“Thank you Peter.”

The boy smiled in response, but it morphed into something that looked closer to a grimace as he glanced at the door, now covered in a thick sheet of metal.

“What do we do now?” There was a hint of a tremble in the child’s voice and Rhodey internally winced. He had no idea of what to do if Peter actually became upset, but they didn’t have many options.

“We wait until your Dad gets here.”

Jarvis tracked the progress of the intruders as they made their way up the drive. His primary protocol, keeping Master Peter safe, had been achieved with the activation of the lockdown protocol, and the probability that situation would change was 0.0000%.

The highest calibre weapon his scanners had detected was the standard SIG Pro SP2022, with 9mm bullets. It was the normal sidearm issued to US special forces, and lacked the power to penetrate the composite ceramic and steel plates that comprised the blast shielding around the workshop.

Sir had designed that shielding to be completely resistant to anything less than breaching charges, and the intruders were not equipped for such an operation. That meant Master Peter’s safety was assured until Sir authorised him to lift the protocol.

However, although Sir had been notified of the intrusion, he was still located in the SI offices and only had a 0.0488% of returning to the mansion within the next thirty minutes. That probability rose to 81.3387% for Sir’s return within the hour, but Jarvis had no intention of allowing the intruders to still be active by that point.

Sir had thoughtfully provided him with a comprehensive defensive suite throughout the mansion that contained both lethal and non-lethal defensive measures, and with his primary protocols satisfied he was free to devote the majority of his processing power to their capture.

Three of Jarvis’ cameras were focussed on the intruders as they approached the main entrance. They were not attempting to be stealthy, choosing speed over concealment. They had evidently learnt from their failure the previous week, choosing to forgo a cover that could have been compromised in favour of a quick strike.

The helicopter had swooped low over the promontory and four black clad agents had slipped down ropes into the grounds of the mansion, bypassing the outermost security entirely. The helicopter had then retreated up to the safety of 8000ft, and whilst that was still a location that Jarvis was able to monitor, it was also high enough that the only method he had to counter it with more than a 20.0000% probability of success was a deployment of the Mark II suit.

That was not a course of action Sir had authorised him to take, and Mark II was located in the workshop. He could not deploy it without risking the safety of Master Peter, and the child’s protection was his primary protocol.

However, the four agents were steadily approaching the mansion, and those he was capable of dealing with.

During the initial set-up of the defences, he had simulated 18301 different attack scenarios and evaluated the effectiveness of his possible responses. This current scenario contained elements that existed in 4.3387% of those simulations, and he already had 129 potential actions.

The intruders reached the door and the leading agent reached for the keypad whilst the other three fanned out, taking up a traditional defensive stance. The virus that was entered into his system 67,482 cycles later was almost a disappointment, despite being the most probable outcome.

It took a mere 4921 cycles to isolate the program and quarantine it in a separate server for later analysis. An initial cursory examination indicated the characteristics of the virus had a 72.8803% match to the two previous hacking attempts, which elevated the probability the intruders were part of Shield from 74.3390% to 91.2264%.

There were now two options available to Jarvis.

An analysis of the virus’ code revealed its purpose had been to temporarily disable Jarvis’ external sensor systems and impede his ability to contact Sir. It didn’t attempt to access his memory banks or servers, rather it was designed to force him into an unplanned shutdown.

He could either make it clear their virus had failed and deny them further access to the mansion, or he could behave as if the virus had worked and allow them access inside, whilst maintaining his capabilities.

Another 12,766 cycles were devoted to simulating the possibilities before Jarvis came to a decision.

His primary protocol was to protect Sir and his family. He was not capable of subduing the agents non-lethally whilst they remained outside the mansion, as the majority of his defensive features were located within the building, however to ensure Sir and Master Peter’s safety the intruders must be subdued.

1.4325 seconds had passed since the first agent had attempted to override him.

Jarvis made the keypad flicker before turning off the display and letting it appear to power down.

“We’re in,” the soft exclamation was easily picked up by his microphones. “McCarthy, Simon, Williams, you have your orders.”

A soft click sounded as Jarvis let the locks on the front door disengage and he allowed the agents to cautiously push open the door and slip inside. Despite believing him to be disabled he noted that they were still moving carefully and quietly, eyes scanning the hall for threats, and hands near their weapons.

It wouldn’t do them any good.

Jarvis had full control of their surroundings, and none of the agents were equipped to deal with him.

The instant the front door shut, Jarvis engaged the lock, the quiet noise as the bolts slid home making the agent nearest immediately turn around, reaching for the handle.

“Simon, what are you doing?” The whisper was harsh, but the agent ignored it, testing the handle.

“Simon, report.”

“The door’s locked itself,” the man replied, voice still pitched below 30 decibels.

“This one’s locked too,” McCarthy reported, from where he’d been trying to access the elevator.

“This one is as well,” Williams added from her position, unease beginning to creep into her posture, and mirrored by the other agents.

Jarvis allowed them precisely 1.0000 seconds to ponder the situation they now found themselves in, and catalogued the minute tightening around their eyes that betrayed their nervousness before he struck.

Hidden speakers started playing a very specific frequency and the agents stiffened, limbs freezing in awkward positions as the paralysis raced through their bodies. The sonic taser technology had been discontinued as a military project, but it was so very useful for situations like these.

However, the paralysis effect was short-lived, lasting for a maximum of fifteen minutes before it began to wear off and there was only a 43.8890% probability of Sir returning to the mansion before the agents had regained full functionality for their limbs.

That probability was unacceptably low.

They had attempted to infiltrate the mansion, and posed a clear and present threat to Master Peter, and by extension Sir and that was something that Jarvis would not accept. Sir was his creator, and Jarvis would not allow a threat to him to stand. He had been unable to ensure Sir’s safety in Afghanistan, or to prevent the threats Sir had disclosed in his memories, but this was a situation he could defend against.

And it was not only Sir at risk. Young Sir was still located in the building, and despite his enhancements Jarvis simulated there was only a 15.8622% chance the boy would come out of an altercation completely unharmed. That outcome was also unacceptable.

It took a mere 72 cycles for him to choose his next course of action.

The entrance hallway had ben comprehensively reinforced, and was the second most defensible location in the mansion, only losing out to the workshop. It also contained several interesting surprises that Jarvis could deploy when the situation called for it. The modified sonic tasers had been the first of these, and the AI activated the next system in his line of defences.

Six valves within the walls opened, releasing the gases they contained into the first section of the hidden ventilation system. Carefully Jarvis monitored the gas saturation, opening subsequent vents only once the previous chamber had reached 90.0000% saturation, and directing the gas towards the vents most closely located to his targets.

It was a slow process, 283.7741 seconds passed between opening the valves and releasing the gas into the main hallway. The gas itself also worked slowly and a further 456.3338 seconds had passed before the average heartrate of each agent had dropped by 15.2338%, indicating that the sedatives had taken affect.

Carefully Jarvis maintained the gas flow, ensuring that the concentration of isoflurane in the air never dropped below 3.0000%. Like most anaesthetics used in surgery, a continuous flow of the gas was required to maintain the sedative state, and without the gas flow, they would regain consciousness within a 12-to-15-minute window.

However, that would not be an issue. The reserves of isoflurane in the cylinders were sufficient to maintain the required concentration of gas for another 83.4423 minutes, and Sir was projected to arrive within the next 18.0000 minutes.

Satisfied that the mansion was as secure as he could make it, Jarvis composed a message to Sir, informing him of the actions he had taken, then provided the same reassurance to Master Peter and Colonel Rhodes.

Those tasks completed, he shunted the monitoring of the sedated agents to a set of subroutines, and turned his processing power on the next task. The Shield agents were currently secure and unconscious, however this was not a viable long term solution.

He had 35,266,320 cycles before Sir was most likely to arrive at the mansion, and that would give him plenty of time to run the necessary simulations. It would also allow him to check on the subroutines currently imbedded in Shield’s servers.

The infiltration was still in the first phase, and none of his subroutines had alerted him to a planned mission, however that did not mean that all the information they had gained would be useless.  He focussed 15.3347% of his processors on analysing the data he had already taken from their servers. Over 99.0000% was likely to be irrelevant but Jarvis did not want to miss any information that might be useful to Sir.
Notes:

    Hello again - I hope you all enjoyed this. It was certainly fun writing Rhodey's interactions with Peter, and Jarvis is finally getting a chance to stretch his programming slightly!

    The research I had to do for this chapter did lead to some peculiar search histories though - from details of drugs used in anesthesia, and their physical effects and duration, to the standard weaponry issued to US special forces and the calibre of bullets they are able to fire, to what was required to make a room bullet and blast proof! Writing fanfic does lead you down some interesting research rabbit holes!

    Apologys if any of you thought you'd get a nice easy fluffy chapter after the action in the board room, but I won't leave you waiting for long. See you all next Saturday, and thank you again for all the continuing interest in this fic.

    Also - how on Earth has this fic got to over 100,000 hits, nearly 4000 kudos and more than 1000 comments? Thank you so much!!!!!!! I really glad so many of you are enjoying this project of mine.

Chapter 28: Chapter 27
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Simmering fury raced through Tony’s veins as his car pulled up in the garage of the mansion. The notification about intruders in the mansion had arrived almost immediately after the press conference and Jarvis had been keeping him updated on every action he had been taking, but the fact the situation had happened in the first place made his blood boil.

The knowledge that Peter was safe only quieted the storm slightly.

Shield had tried to infiltrate his home, whilst his child was there, and he didn’t want to dwell on what might have happened if he hadn’t installed the defences, if Jarvis hadn’t been as capable as he was, or if there had been anyone less capable than Rhodey as Peter’s last line of defence.

“Status report Jarvis.” He demanded as he stepped out of the car, regretting the fact that Happy still had his hands full dealing with transferring Stane to FBI custody.

“All four intruders are still under sedation,” the AI replied, “And can be kept in that state for a further 65 minutes and 43 seconds. The helicopter is still in position over the mansion however I estimate it will only be able to stay in place for a further 30 minutes, before a lack of fuel forces it to return to base.”

Tony nodded as he listened, mind whirling as he considered the implications, it was likely the helicopter was waiting to retrieve the agents, but the fact he had arrived was a clear signal something had gone wrong with their plans - according to his schedule, he shouldn't have been home for another half hour at minimum. He would have to stay alert to their movements, however at the moment he had other priorities.

“Peter and Rhodey?”

“They are still located in the workshop Sir. They are both unharmed, though they are displaying some signs of unease.”

A little of the tension in his shoulders relaxed at that, but Tony knew that, despite the reassurance, he wouldn’t be able to fully relax until he’d seen Peter safe with his own eyes, and the intruders were safely contained.

There were only a few possibilities for that. The mansion, unlike the SI offices or the Tower, had not been designed with any sort of holding facility in mind, so he’d have to improvise. He had no intention of involving the police in this, it would only complicate matters and it would be far simpler to deal directly with Shield. However, though he suspected he’d be able to get Coulson or Fury here relatively quickly, the sedation was unlikely to last long enough.

“Are the testing rooms suitable to act as cells J?” He asked, as the elevator descended, far too slowly, towards the workshop.

“Both testing rooms A and B will be suitable with only minor modifications Sir.” The AI replied, “I suggest leaving blankets, bottled water and food in each, as well as activating my full sensor suite in each room.”

Tony nodded briefly in acknowledgment but didn’t pursue the thought any further as the elevator reached the workshop floor, and he hurried to the workshop door.

“Lift the blast shielding on the door only Jarvis,” he instructed tersely, fingers twitching impatiently as he waited for the heavy steel plates to retract.

“Papà!”

The sharp cry split the air, and Tony braced himself as Peter flung himself at him. In one smooth movement he caught the boy, scooping him up and cradling him against his chest.

“Peter.” The name slipped out in a harsh exhale and he gripped the boy tightly, burying his face in brown curls.

Alive. Safe. Unharmed.

Peter was warm, a reassuringly heavy weight in his arms, and Tony could feel his pulse fluttering underneath the fingers that rested on the back of the boy’s head. “You’re alright,” the words were to sooth himself more than Peter, “I’ve got you Tesoro, you’re safe, you’re alright.”

The nightmarish visions that his imagination had conjured up when he first got the message from Jarvis that there were intruders at the mansion vanished in the face of the reality in front of him. His son was here, safe in his embrace.

“The blast shielding came down and I didn’t realise it was going to be so thick, I couldn’t hear anything upstairs and then I gave Mr Rhodey your repulsor in case they got down here but then Mr Jarvis said he’d stopped them but the helicopter was still there and we had to wait but you’re here so that means everything will be okay now.”

Peter was babbling, the words tumbling over each other, but even to Tony’s trained ear he didn’t sound scared and that was another relief. Then the last few words registered, and Tony couldn’t help but wince, even as Peter’s faith warmed him.

“It’s not quite over yet buddy,” he said quietly, reluctantly bending down and placing Peter back on his feet. However, before the boy could move away, he knelt and clasped the child’s shoulder with one hand, waiting until the boy’s eyes met his.

“I need you to promise me something Peter,” he said seriously, waiting for his son to nod before he continued, “Until this is sorted out, I need you to do exactly what I or Jarvis tell you.”

He saw the protest coming, and cut it off, his voice firm. “I know you want to help kiddo, I know, but you can’t.”

There was a mulish look on Peter’s face, and the boy opened his mouth to disagree but Tony continued, “You aren’t bulletproof Peter, you’re unarmed and half their size.” He wasn't going to mention the boy's enhancements with Rhodey listening, but regardless, he knew his logic was sound. He saw his reasoning settle in Peter’s brain, even as he saw the boy start trying to muster new objections.

He gentled his voice then, “I need you safe Tesoro.”

“You need to be safe too.” There was a plaintive note in the statement, but Tony could hear the real fear beneath it.

He reached out and cupped the boy’s face in one hand, thumb rubbing gently across his cheekbone, “I will be Pete, I’ve got Rhodey and Jarvis as backup and they don’t know about the suit. But it’s my job to protect you, that’s on me kiddo.”

Peter eyes darkened suddenly, and Tony knew they were both thinking of another conversation, another planet.

“Okay,” the agreement was whispered, and Tony closed his eyes for a split second before leaning forward and pressing a kiss to Peter’s forehead.

“Thank you figlio mio.”

Agreement secured, he led Peter up to his room via the back elevator, careful to ensure that they stayed as far away from the incapacitated agents as possible. As soon as they reached the boy’s bedroom, he leant down and hugged the boy tightly.

“I’ll be back as soon as I can,” Tony promised in a murmur before stepping back over the threshold. “Lockdown protocol Jarvis.”

He held Peter’s gaze as the blast doors he’d installed slipped down. The boy’s bedroom wasn’t quite as secure as the workshop, but it was far better than having Peter down there when he and Rhodey would be transporting the unconscious agents into their temporary cells in the testing rooms.

Only once he was satisfied the room was as secure as possible did he walk away. He had some agents to secure.

Rhodey had not been idle whilst Tony had been ensuring Peter’s safety. By the time he returned to the workshop, his friend had turned the two testing rooms into simple makeshift cells, and had found the handcuffs.

“Explanations once things are secure?” The man stated rather than asked, and Tony nodded, easily slipping into mission mode.

“I’ll use the suit and bring them down here, then we will have approximately 15 minutes to search, strip and restrain them before the sedatives wear off.”

“I’ll manage that,” Rhodey replied immediately, “You bring them down and I’ll get them secure.” They locked eyes for a second, understanding and agreement flashing between them before they separated to their individual tasks.

Scarcely ten minutes later the four agents were secure, two in each testing room. Rhodey had been thorough in his searches, methodically stripping them of their gear, leaving them in nothing but their standard issue black jumpsuits, having checked those for concealed weaponry as well.

The last of the tension in his shoulders vanished as the heavy-duty doors slammed shut and the locks clicked into place. He would still have Coulson and Fury to deal with, but for now the threat was contained.

“Black-out the windows and keep me updated Jarvis.” He instructed wearily, the stresses of the day settling around him like a blanket.

“So…” Rhodey started.

“It’s a long story Rhodes,” Tony admitted, and he saw his friend straighten at his unusual use of his name, “I don’t have time to tell you most of it now but the agents there are from a group called Shield – you may know them better as the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division.”

Rhodey frowned at the name. “I’ve heard of them.” He said slowly, “They’ve been involved with a few operations – the general consensus is that they fall onto the more shadowy side of the spectrum when it comes to spooks. How on earth did you get mixed up in that?”

“Dear old Dad,” he replied flippantly, “He was one of the founders allegedly and they’ve kept a watch on me since. I found and disabled some of their bugs when I got back, and caught and redirected an attempt to hack Jarvis. Evidently that’s pissed someone off.”

He chuckled darkly before continuing, “One of their agents already had a meeting scheduled with me tomorrow, so they must be mad or desperate to have decided it was worth doing a home invasion.”

Rhodey’s eyebrows had been rising steadily as Tony had been talking.

“Be careful Tones,” he said quietly, “It sounds like you’re playing a dangerous game.”

“I am,” Tony replied in the same tone, “I don’t have a choice though. I either meet them on my own terms or let them gain the upper hand and I can’t afford that.”

The look Rhodey gave him then was assessing, but eventually his friend nodded slowly.

“What can I do?”

Tony blew out a relieved breath, grateful for his friend’s support, though he knew he would definitely owe the man a long explanation after this.

“Take Peter and head to SI,” he said, “Pep and Happy are there, and now Stane’s in the hands of the FBI, and if you go in by the back entrance, it’s the safest place I can send him, and I don’t want him here while I sort this out.”

“What about you?”

“I can hold my own Rhodey – I’ve got Jarvis and my suit and I’m not expecting this to descend into a firefight, but I won’t focus if Peter and Pepper aren’t safe.”

“Alright,” his brother acquiesced, “But no self-sacrificial or stupid stunts Tones - I’m expecting to be back here with the kid before his bedtime.”

He threw a tight-lipped smile in Rhodey’s direction. “Agreed.”

Agreement secured, Tony headed back upstairs to release his son, and explain the next stage of the plan. The moment the door opened, he received an armful of twitchy child, and Tony was more than willing to rub a soothing hand along Peter’s spine, even as the boy performed his own examination, scanning the man for any evidence of injuries.

“Is everything sorted now?” The boy demanded, and Tony bit down on the internal sigh, even as he began the explanation of the next stage of the plan. He was not expecting Peter to be happy about it.

True to his predictions, he could see the frown on Peter’s face before he was even halfway through, but he had no intention of budging.

“It’s still my job to keep you safe Tesoro,” he reminded the boy, and he saw some of the mulishness in Peter’s expression melt away, to be replaced with reluctant agreement.

“You’ve got to stay safe though,” Peter stated, “Promise, please.”

 Tony carded his hand through the boy’s curls, and then cupped his son’s face in his hand, smiling slightly at the way he nuzzled into the touch.

“I will kiddo,” he said softly, “I’ll deal with Shield and you’ll be home before you know it.”

Sharp brown eyes surveyed him for a moment, testing his sincerity before Peter pitched forward and hugged him, burying his face in Tony’s stomach. The man returned the hug for several long seconds, before stepping back and gently disentangling himself.

“Follow Rhodey’s instructions and I’ll see you soon buddy,” he instructed quietly and waited for Peter’s nod before he released him.

Five minutes later, Tony returned to the living room, watching from the window as Rhodey’s car vanished around the bend in the road.

“Have you gleaned anything from Shield’s databases J?”

“I’m afraid not Sir,” the AI’s voice was apologetic, “Our infiltration is still in the early stages and has not yet gained a foothold in the mission directories. I have been analysing the information I have already obtained, but so far nothing has been relevant.”

Tony frowned but the news wasn’t that unexpected. It was the downside of the infiltration method he’d chosen, it would take several weeks before Jarvis was fully integrated into the background of their systems, and until then, the AI was limited in what he could access.

“Doing this the old-fashioned way then.” He murmured, more to himself than the AI, “Are our guests awake yet?”

“Three of the agents have completely recovered from the anaesthesia,” Jarvis reported, “Whilst the last is showing signs that they will return to full consciousness imminently.”

“Good enough – which one is the leader?”

“The woman in testing room B was the person the others deferred to Sir. I am afraid I do not know her name however.”

An interrogation would be useless, he knew that. Shield gave their agents resistance to interrogation training, and he suspected Hydra would act similarly. He would be able to get names, ranks and serial numbers, that was standard enough practice, and if he questioned them, he might get some answers, but they would likely be false or deliberately designed to deceive.

Truth was always hard to obtain in these situations. If you wanted confessions, or information you had to go in with evidence, or try to trip them up, and even then, that only worked if someone was talking. Most soldiers or agents simply wouldn’t say anything to avoid the possibility of letting something slip, and he didn’t have the time to build up the necessary rapport to get someone to slip in casual conversation.

Torture or drugs were the other options. Truth drugs were unreliable and the data on them was inconclusive, they lowered inhibitions true, but whether someone actually told the truth was hard to ascertain. Torture was also problematic, most people would say what their captors wanted to hear so it stopped, regardless of its veracity, and whilst everyone had a breaking point, again you were left with the problem of working out which of the things they’d said were true.

No, whilst the four agents restrained in his testing rooms would be useful leverage, they were unlikely to help him work out what was going on.

Still,

“Jarvis, open a channel to the testing rooms, I want them all to hear this.”

“Ready Sir.”

He nodded briefly in the direction of the nearest camera before raising his voice.

“Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, I hope you are all comfortable in your new accommodations. As I’m sure you’ve already noticed your gear has been taken to a safe place and I wouldn’t attempt to escape. Your rooms were built to withstand machine gun fire and small-scale explosions and my AI has eyes everywhere.”

Through the one-way glass he saw the moment his voice echoed out of the speakers, as the four agents snapped to attention, eyes tracking towards the door and window.

“It’s quite rude of you to visit unannounced,” he continued, a chiding note in his voice, “I thought old one-eye had better manners than that. Now there are a few things I want from you, firstly I’d like to see your search warrant…” He let the silence linger pointedly when as expected, no paperwork was produced. There had been no such documentation in the gear Rhodey had removed, but there was a slim chance they had it on the USB he'd removed as well.

He tutted mockingly, “I thought US agencies were supposed to have standards, now I want your names, ranks and serial numbers so I can inform the pirate which of his minions are currently enjoying my hospitality, we’ll start with you blondie.”

The identification proceeded smoothly. He couldn’t tell whether they believed his statement about their cells or not, but given the names matched the three Jarvis had already identified, they had at least been honest about that.

He clapped his hands sharply once they’d finished speaking. “Now unless any of you have any information you would like to volunteer…?” As expected, nobody spoke, “You have food and water available. If any of you think of something you would like me to know, Jarvis will inform me.”

Tony waited for a few moments, but none of the agents moved so he turned away, gesturing for Jarvis to cut the connection. Once the AI indicated it was closed, he slumped onto his stool,

“Connect me through to Coulson Jarvis, use the number he gave me – and make sure he picks up.”

The line rang once before Coulson’s voice came over the speakers.

“To whom am I speaking?” The words were bland and polite, but Tony was in no mood to play games.

“Simon, McCarthy, Williams and Peterson. 18227-33422, 73688-00431, 29435-80021, and 43761-99721.” He heard the quiet inhale on the other end of line, as he continued, his voice hard and unforgiving. “They were unable to produce a valid search warrant, therefore I would ask you Agent Coulson, what the hell do you and your superiors think you are doing?”

“Dr Stark.”

The lack of response beyond the acknowledgment of his name was enough to get his fury rising once again. He knew that Coulson wasn’t a bad man per say, and neither was Fury, and that both were dedicated to their version of protecting the world, but they had a tendency to trample over anything in their way if they deemed it necessary for the greater good.

He’d been like that once.

He hadn’t cared who got hurt, how many lives he’d ruined, how many homes and livelihoods he’d destroyed. He’d done it in the name of protecting America as well.

“You wanted a meeting Agent Coulson,” he continued, his voice like ice, “You’ve got one. You and your superior, one Director Fury I believe, have forty-five minutes to get here before I splash this all over the front pages of USA Today, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post and any other journalist I can sell this to.”

“Understood,” Coulson’s voice was clipped, “May I enquire as to the status of the agents?”

Tony felt his respect for the man increase slightly at that question.

“They are alive and unharmed, beyond superficial bruising. They were subdued non-lethally, and are currently securely confined with water and food provided.”

“I see,” there was a brief pause before Coulson added, “Thank you for your restraint Dr Stark.”
Notes:

    Hello again. I hope you all enjoyed the chapter.

    Firstly thank you so so much to everyone who voted for this fic in the Iron Dad Creator Awards - I can't quite believe I was the runner up in the time travel category so thank you, thank you, thank you! If you want to see the winners of the other categories and the other excellent fics that were nominated, you can find everything at https://irondad-creator-awards.tumblr.com/.

    Also monireh has done some wonderful art for this fic - she is a brilliant artist and has done some amazing Irondad stuff, so please have a look at her work. The piece can be found here https://monireh89.tumblr.com/post/649914555191934976/be-careful-what-you-wish-for-you-may-just-get-it .

    So to this chapter - I hope you enjoyed it, and we will see the confrontation with Fury next chapter *grins*, so I hope you all enjoy that. Again, thank you for all the comments, kudos, bookmarks etc, they are brilliant, and I will see you next Saturday!

Chapter 29: Chapter 28
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Nicholas Fury knew he was a difficult man to surprise. It was one of the hazards of being in this business too long, once you’d dealt with Skrulls, seen the worst humanity had to offer, lost friends and turned enemies to allies, there was very little left on Earth that could actually surprise him now.

Anthony Stark’s actions over the last few weeks however had been peculiar.

He’d known Howard as a young field agent, and was aware of the man’s genius and the contributions he’d made to a myriad of projects. His unexpected death had been quite a loss, and it had rapidly become apparent that his son, whilst just as much if not more of a genius than his father, had little interest in continuing his father’s work.

They had maintained a watch on the younger Stark of course, someone with Stark’s intelligence and resources always had the potential to be a threat and Fury was firmly of the opinion that dealing with situations before they could spiral into greater threats was always preferable, but Shield had never made an effort to recruit him.

It had been Keller's decision, however it had not been one Fury disagreed with. Stark was too erratic, too caught up in his own brilliance and vices to be trusted with any of the projects Shield was involved with. They’d left a few monitoring devices in his home as a precaution, particularly given the sensitive nature of the projects he worked on for the US government and left it at that.

Afghanistan had been unfortunate.

Fury knew better than most that everyone had a breaking point, and the fact that Stark had survived his captivity despite being held by one of the more sadistic terrorist groups in the region was alarming. Very few people had ever been able to escape their clutches, and for Stark to have been as unharmed as he appeared was even more rare.

The most obvious solution was that Stark had not escaped as he claimed, but rather had been let go. That moved him from someone to monitor, to an active potential threat, particularly given his knowledge of US defence strategies and military equipment.

His actions upon his return to the US had done nothing to quiet Fury’s suspicions. The man had temporarily halted weapons production and then all but disappeared from view. Aside from the one appearance at his own birthday gala, the man had not been seen in public for weeks. All monitoring devices Shield had within the man’s property had mysteriously failed at the same time as well.

Fury had been in this business too long to believe in lucky co-incidences.

Their monitoring devices had been deliberately disabled, most probably by Stark or his AI, and all subsequent attempts to replace them, or access his systems had failed. A hint of a scowl touched his face as he remembered the satellite Stark had all but admitted to frying. That had cost Shield the best part of four hundred million dollars, and the computer techs still had no idea how the man had managed to detect the intrusion, nor how he’d batted it back in such a destructive way.

It would have been impressive if not for the fact that it was aimed at Shield.

Then there was the situation in Afghanistan itself. Over the last two weeks, the operations of the Ten Rings had been reduced to almost zero in the region. The culprit had been easy to identify, eye-witness accounts combined with satellite imagery revealed what looked to be an automated, highly armed drone, that was roughly the size and shape of a human being.

It had Stark’s fingerprints all over it.

The method of propulsion appeared to be suspiciously similar to the repulsor technology used in the Jericho Missile series, and the drone itself appeared to originate from California. Stark would have a motive as well, regardless of the circumstances that led to the end of his captivity, Fury doubted the man had been well treated for the entirety of those three months.

Stark was a loose cannon, and judging by the situation in Afghanistan, one that did not have any qualms about using deadly force. His target currently seemed to be the Ten Rings, and whilst their destruction was a public service, what happened next? What happened if Stark turned that firepower against the US? The man had the knowledge and resources to be a substantial threat if he so chose.

Fury just lacked any credible information about the man’s actions, desires and motivation that would let him make an actual threat assessment.

That was the other issue with Stark. The man was powerful and public enough that his options were more limited, and the man was too valuable a resource to simply kill unless he proved to be a far greater threat than he seemed to be currently. He needed information.

A remote hack had failed, so too had the attempt to infiltrate the man’s mansion using the cleaning company however, that was a situation that should shortly be remedied. The team he had dispatched would replace the monitoring devices, install a backdoor into the AI system Stark had installed, and search the building for any information that might prove valuable and that they could use before the meeting tomorrow.

It was a tight timetable, however Fury despised going into situations unprepared, and given the man’s reclusiveness, the planned board meeting and scheduled press conference afterwards was the only time they could guarantee that the house would be empty.

There were three quick raps on the door, and a glance at the screen revealed Agent Coulson was standing there, fifty minutes before he was due for debriefing on the Stark infiltration. That did not bode well.

“Come in Agent Coulson.”

His eye roved over the man as he entered, and he noted the slight tightness at the corner of the agent’s eyes, and the small downward tilt of his lips that reinforced his initial impression. He raised his single visible eyebrow in a silent request for the man to expand on the issue that had brought him to his office early.

“Stark has captured the four agents sent to infiltrate his home, and is threatening to involve the press if we do not meet with him in the next forty-five minutes. He has also permanently closed down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark Industries and Obadiah Stane has been handed over to the FBI on charges of conspiracy to murder, and aiding and abetting terrorists.”

The report was quick and factual and Fury felt irritation curl in his gut, although none of it showed on his face.

“Are the charges reliable?” He asked, voice level.

“They appear to be Sir,” Coulson replied, “The evidence submitted to the FBI includes telephone transcripts, as well as hostage videos and sales documents – the man apparently kept detailed records."

Fury nodded in acknowledgement. “Get a junior agent to monitor the case,” he instructed. The details of what had happened in Afghanistan would be useful both for dealing with Stark and what remained of the Ten Rings, but it wasn’t an urgent task.

The agents Stark had captured were.

“What’s your assessment of Stark’s threat?” He asked bluntly. Fury had met the younger Stark, but not recently, so Coulson’s observations would be far more useful than his own outdated information. Coulson paused for a few seconds, before answering carefully.

“I believe he will go through with it Sir. He was displeased with Shield when I spoke to him at the Gala, and he has been acting swiftly and decisively since his return from Afghanistan. I doubt he would have threatened a course of action he was not prepared to undertake.” The agent pressed two buttons and a recording of the conversation he’d just had with the genius played in the room.

As he listened, Fury allowed himself to scowl as he leant back in his chair, internally cursing. How had a simple surveillance mission turned into a hostage situation? Stark may have been brilliant but the man’s vices and blind spots were obvious if you knew how to look, and the computer techs had assured him the AI would be simple to disable once they were on site.

The mission should have been simple, in and out, grab what was needed and vanish with Stark none the wiser. He allowed himself the luxury of closing his eye for a split second as he realised his mistake. It was a rookie error and he should have been better than this.

He’d underestimated Stark. He’d relied on an old impression when formulating the plan and it had cost them. The question of how Stark had detected and dealt with the intrusion was immaterial though interesting, what mattered now was that he had, and that the situation was rapidly spiralling beyond his control.      

Possibilities flickered through his mind, each one being examined carefully before being set aside. Agents had been arrested before, although they were usually undercover at the time, and it was easy enough to extract them when necessary. The fact they were on American soil, and obviously equipped for a mission would make it harder, but it would still be possible.

The threat of going to the press was more dangerous. It would be an embarrassment for the agency, and there were several senators, as well as senior members of other agencies that would use it as an excuse to try and curtail Shield’s activities, and defusing that would take far too much political capital, as well as being a distraction from the current threats.

He could meet with Stark of course, however Fury didn’t like the precedent that set, or the fact that Stark had been able to manoeuvre him into that position in the first place. He preferred to hold all the cards going into a situation, and being without that now was bringing back some of the more unpleasant memories from when he was an active field agent.

Dealing with Stark on the man’s own terms was non-ideal, particularly when the man had leverage in the form of four Shield agents caught breaking and entering. It was also a risk. Stark should not have known of Fury’s existence, or his position, and there was always the possibility that this was a trap, even as opportunistic as it was.

But Fury hadn’t become Director of Shield by shrinking from difficult situations, or no-win choices.

“I want a detailed summary of everything we have on Stark,” he commanded crisply, “And ready the jet. We leave in two minutes.”

Tony had not been idle in the forty minutes it took for Shield to arrive. The first step had been to don a bulletproof underlayer beneath his clothing, because whilst he didn’t expect Fury to be at the stage where he was willing to countenance assassination, there was no sense taking chances.

The second step had been to set up the recording protocols, so that if Shield tried anything untoward, Pepper would have everything she needed to raise hell. Again, he doubted that he would actually need to deploy them, Fury was a practical man and Shield’s standard modus operandi was capture, restrain and use for their own ends, and he was too public a figure to quietly disappear.

The third was checking through all Stane’s files and working out exactly which leads he wished to throw Fury’s way. His rage at the attempted home invasion hadn’t faded, but he was accustomed to working with people and organisations he detested. Shield, particularly once they had been cleansed of Hydra’s taint would be a useful resource he would need in the coming fight against Thanos.

He had no intention of dancing to Fury’s tune however.

Shield could be useful true, but that relationship needed to be professional, with clear expectations. He would not join Fury’s Avenger’s Initiative, although he was willing to act as consultant, with suitable renumeration, on various projects, and to work alongside them when it came to world-ending threats.

This meeting would be crucial. He needed to lay the groundwork for a useful future relationship, to make it clear to Fury that the man’s normal manipulative tactics wouldn’t work on him, and ideally get the man starting to clean his own house. Hydra had been hiding in Shield’s shadows for far too long, and that was an infestation the loyal Shield agents would be far better placed to burn away than he would.

Reducing or eliminating Hydra’s influence within the agency would also save hundreds if not thousands of lives. He couldn’t remember how many agents had died, or how many useful operations had been compromised in the data dump but he knew it wasn’t insignificant, and he couldn’t know how many would be saved, simply by hampering Hydra’s current operations.

“Sir, an unmarked vehicle is requesting entrance to the mansion. I believe them to be from Shield.”

“Allow them up the drive Jarvis,” he instructed, “Don’t let them use the garage however.”

Steeling himself, Tony drew a deep breath, glancing down to make sure no light from the arc-reactor was visible before heading up to the main living space. All traces of Peter had been hidden away, for whilst he knew Shield would learn of his son’s existence eventually, he had no intention of letting them into that secret early.

He made his way over to the bar, whilst it was no longer stocked with alcohol, it would serve his purpose well. On cue, the elevator dinged and he waited half a second, letting the two spies absorb the message in his posture before he turned, a whiskey tumbler filled with apple juice in his hand.

“A drink gentlemen?” He kept his tone light and bland, although his eyes were cold.

“Stark.” Fury said, voice calm, and he tilted his head slightly in response.

“That’s a no on the drink then. Anything for you Agent? No – you sure I can’t tempt you?”

“You requested this meeting Dr Stark.” Fury interjected as he paused and Tony raised a single eyebrow in response.

“Manners Director Fury,” he responded, a touch of ice creeping into his voice even as he kept up the patter, “They’re important – or so I’m told. Thought I’d set an example here, give you a refresher.” He shook his head slightly, “Breaking into homes without a warrant, what is the world coming to?”

Tony was rewarded by the slight flicker of irritation that crossed Fury’s eyes at his words. If he hadn’t known the man for years, he would have been unable to spot it but he felt a quick flash of victory at the sight. Fury was caught, knew his operatives had been caught and for the moment Tony had the upper hand, and he couldn’t afford to waste it.

He dropped the nonchalant act; satisfied that the first point had been made; that he’d successfully distracted Fury by his playboy persona, and his next words came out coated in cold iron.

“You’ve been quite insistent on getting a meeting with me Director. You’ve got one. Now you should tell me what was so important it led your agents to commit a felony I’m well within my rights to prosecute.”

He saw their expressions harden and before they could say anything he added, “This conversation is being recorded and transmitted as we speak gentlemen. If anything untoward happens that recording ends up with Fox News and CNN.”

“Your trust issues are showing Stark.”

Tony smiled back.

It wasn’t a nice smile.

“Says the spy.” He replied, “Tell me Director, how is Goose?” He met Fury's gaze, before pointedly glancing at the eyepatch and bit down on a smile as Jarvis’ voice came through his earpiece informing him that the man’s heartbeat had risen slightly, although the spy was trained enough to maintain complete outward control of his expression.

“But enough of point scoring,” he waved the exchange away, “You want, or need, something from me else you wouldn’t be here.”

“Presumptuous of you Stark. Why would we need you? You’re not as important as you think you are.”

“The agents I have in custody paint a different picture Director,” he shot back, voice level, “You’re curious at least, so ask away.” He spread his hands expansively, letting a hint of a smirk curl around the edges of his lips, “I’ll even answer honestly.”

With a sharp gesture, Fury motioned Coulson forwards, and the agent cleared his throat.

“We have received reports of an unknown humanoid flying vehicle operating in Afghanistan, at current estimates it is responsible for eliminating over 90% of Ten Rings activity in the area. Our current information suggests it is of Stark Industries manufacture?”

“Only 90%, that’s strange, my calculations put it at 98%.” Tony interjected, eyes continuously cataloguing every movement the two agents made.

“You confirm it is a Stark Industries device then.” Coulson stated, making a brief note on his tablet.

“More of a personal project,” he deflected the implication easily, “Someone had to take responsibility for all the weaponry Stane mis-sold after all.”

“Rather an extreme course of action for simply destroying weaponry.” Coulson noted, voice still bland, and Tony’s eyes darkened.

“Hardly,” he disagreed, voice colder than a Siberian winter. “They used that weaponry to raze towns, murder innocents and terrorise the people surrounding them. There were over two hundred hostages in their complexes. Look those people in the eye and say it was an extreme course of action.”

Fury interjected then, scorn in his voice. “So, what does that make you then Stark? Their saviour? Their hero?”

Tony laughed then, the sound devoid of any traces of humour.

“Hardly,” he replied, “An Avenger perhaps, but too many souls rest on my shoulders already for those names to apply.”

His choice of wording was quite specific and he saw the way Fury’s spine subtly straightened, although he displayed no other sign of unease.

“No,” he continued, his voice quiet, “I’m just cleaning house, taking responsibility for the death and destruction my inattention let happen.” He smiled then; the expression mirthless.

“I am not a threat to America Director Fury,” he stated bluntly, “Not to the ordinary people, to the innocents who have the bad luck to be caught in the wrong place at the wrong time. I have no desire to add to the blood already on my hands.”

“Pretty words,” Fury responded, his one good eye fixed on Tony, “Why should I believe them?”

“Your agents are alive and unharmed, and Stane is in the hands of the FBI.” He stepped away then, deliberately turning his back on the two men as he continued, “But you still haven’t answered the question. What do you want from me so badly that you’ll break the law to get it?”

He turned back towards them, raising a single interrogative eyebrow. “Or was it just expedient? Tell me Director, when did Shield start to slide, to lose all sight of law, of accountability?” He let a touch of his anger colour the words.

“Stop with the theatrics Stark,” Fury riposted, dismissiveness in his voice, “You’re angry, but if you wanted to punish the agents they’d already be in custody, their faces plastered across the news. You wanted this meeting for a reason, and contrary to your expectations, you’re far from the most important thing I have to deal with today.”

Slowly, deliberately Tony looked them both up and down, flicking his eyes towards where their car was parked outside. He didn’t need to say anything, letting the silence speak for him.

“No Director,” he said quietly, the words barely masking the simmering rage beneath, “You over estimate your position. I don’t need you, and the agents you sent could have been killed instead of sedated if I had wished.”

He smiled then, merciless and cold.

“Your house is on fire Director, and I’d be tempted to let it burn if not for the innocents caught up in your web.”

Fury’s gaze was blank and assessing, “And you have better information than me? If you’re trying to threaten us you’re doing a very poor job.”

“It’s not a threat Fury, I’m just stating facts. If I wanted to threaten you, you’d already be paralysed.” It was delivered in a calmly confident voice, and Tony caught the way Fury’s eyes tightened slightly as the man evaluated the statement. He didn’t pause to let the man catch his bearings, ploughing onwards.

“Jarvis, play the recording of Stane’s conversation from the 12th December.”

“Certainly Sir.”

Tony watched the faces of the two Shield agents carefully as the recording progressed. This conversation was not the most damning one he had, having occurred between one of Pierce’s underlings and Stane, as they facilitated the traitor’s introduction to the Ten Rings. He couldn’t expect to show Fury evidence of Pierce’s true loyalties and be believed, not at this stage.

Tony was well aware Fury did not trust him, and that the director did currently trust Pierce. It would take far more than a single recording to change that, but he needed to plant the seed. It would make his job far easier if Fury did most of the work to cleanse Shield.

“It seems I’m not the only one who needs to clean house,” he remarked as the recording came to a stop, “Unless of course, your agency wanted Stark weaponry in terrorist hands?”

He let that question hang in the air. Both Fury and Coulson were masters at concealing their emotions when they wished to, but Tony had fifteen extra years’ experience of trying to read the Shield Director, and the advantage of a detailed sensor suite that Jarvis was continually monitoring and relaying information back from. He’d caught the brief flicker of surprise at the content of the recording, and the current unease that lingered in their posture.

“That’s a serious allegation Stark.” Fury’s face could have been carved from stone.

“Not one made without evidence.” He slid a SI memory stick across the bar towards them, “The transcripts and recordings you need are there, though I’m sure you will wish to verify them.”

At a nod from Fury, Coulson picked up the memory stick and pocketed it.

“Why bring this to my attention?” Fury asked then, “You had no reason to believe this was a rogue element.”

He raised a single eyebrow, “I knew you by name Fury and the name of your cat. Information you were sure I didn’t know. Perhaps your sources are simply not as good as mine.”

He let that statement hang in the air, and then continued, his voice like ice.

“And Director Fury, if I had thought you were involved in my ordeal in Afghanistan, I would never have allowed you access to my home.” He paused for a beat before adding,

“I believe you have agents to collect Director. However, if you, or your agents attempt to access my property again without an invitation or valid warrant, I will not hold back.”

Fury met his eyes squarely, and Tony could see the calculation there before the man came to a decision.

“Understood Dr Stark.”
Notes:

    Hello again - I greatly enjoyed reading all your comments and theories last week - I hope this lived up to expectations! I know Tony wasn't quite as bloodthirsty as some of you might have liked - however I hope you enjoyed it nevertheless. As you may have guessed I rewatched the confrontation between Tony and Loki a few times before writing this scene, and I hope I accurately captured that side of Tony's personality.

    It was interesting getting into Fury's head for a bit - and got a chance to see his reasoning - I doubt we'll go there often but every so often he just pops up and screams write me! We'll be back in Peter's head next week, and see a bit more of Rhodey - he's certainly not had the relaxing day babysitting he'd hoped for!

    Thank you for all the interest, comments, kudos, bookmarks etc - I look forward to reading every single one and see you next Saturday.

Chapter 30: Chapter 29
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter fidgeted as the car wound its way through the Californian countryside. Jarvis had informed them that Shield had been dealt with and it was safe to return to the mansion about half an hour ago and they had headed back almost immediately.

That didn’t stop the restlessness. He did not like being kept out of things and sent away just because he was small. He still had his powers, and even if he was a bit too small to actually fight without training, he was still stronger than his father and could have helped move the Shield agents, and been useful in other ways.

And if he was sent away he couldn’t make sure his father was safe. He couldn’t lose another parent, not when he’d already lost his first parents, and his Uncle and Aunt weren’t right. He needed to know that his Papà would be safe and wouldn’t get hurt, and he could only do that if he was there to protect him.

He had promised though.

Papà had been upset. He’d only seen his father that serious twice before, once with the ferry, although that had manifested in anger and cold disappointment, and again on the spaceship on the way to Titan.

And then his father had brought up Titan. They hadn’t talked about Titan since the first days back in the past, and the boy had been able to hear the way his father’s heart was thundering in his chest, and could see the worry in his father’s face. And it was worry for him, not worry for the danger posed by Shield. Peter had to agree then, even if he didn’t like it.

But they were nearly home and then Peter would be able to see for himself that his father was alright, and now Shield was gone he was going to help as much as he could. The tests he’d done with Mr Rhodey meant that Droney was almost finished, so he should be able to give that to his Dad by the end of the week, and then he could start working on the next robot with Mr Jarvis’ help.

Thoughts of potential new robots were enough to distract him for the remainder of the journey and soon they were pulling into the garage. Peter bounced out of the car almost as soon as it came to a stop, ignoring Mr Rhodey’s exasperated voice as the man tried to get him to wait, looking around eagerly for his father. A frown touched his face when he couldn’t see the man anywhere.

“Miss Potts, Master Peter, Sir needs you both in the workshop.” The AI’s voice sounded worried, and Miss Potts looked up sharply, having just exited the car Happy had parked alongside Mr Rhodey’s. She moved forward, ushering Peter in front of her as they made their way across the garage.

“What’s wrong Jarvis?” Miss Potts voice remained remarkably composed, even as they stepped into the elevator.

“Sir had a panic attack shortly after Shield left,” Jarvis reported, “He has mostly recovered, however he was asking for you and Master Peter, and I believe your presence will help him.”

The woman nodded crisply, “Any remaining symptoms I should be worried about Jarvis?” she asked next.

“Sir’s breathing rate has dropped to 21bpm, from 32bpm, but it still slightly elevated, and his heart rate is now at 118bmp. He is still displaying psychosomatic trembling in his left arm.”

That sounded bad. Peter didn’t know much about panic attacks, although he might have had something like that when he was grown up. He could remember fear and pain and ringing in his ears and images in front of his eyes, getting louder and louder and louder until there was nothing else left.

He didn’t want to think about his father having panic attacks. His heart insisted that Papà wasn’t supposed to get panic attacks even as his mind insisted it was the price that had to be paid for being a superhero. Nightmares and panic attacks were part of the package.

A gentle squeeze to his shoulder broke him out of his thoughts, and he looked up to seeing Miss Potts smiling down at him, although concern lurked in the creases around her eyes.

“Follow my lead please Peter,” she said calmly, “It might be a bit scary to see Tony after a panic attack, but he will let us know what he needs, and we have to respect that, even if it seems odd.”

Peter nodded to show his understanding, plastering a serious expression on his face. He wasn’t going to be scared, and he was happy to do what Miss Potts asked him to do as long as it meant that he got to help his father.

The doors to the workshop opened with a quiet hiss, and Peter’s eyes were immediately drawn to his father. The man sat half propped up against the workshop bench, a pinched expression on his face even as his right hand braced his twitching left arm. Behind him, whirring unhappily DUM-E, U and Butterfingers hovered, their claws moving jerkily.

His father’s gaze snapped to them instantly, and Peter could see the relief that flooded his features.

“Pep, Peter.” Their names were a gasping breath and Mr Stark pushed himself to his feet, taking a couple of unsteady steps in their direction, arms reaching out towards them. They closed the remaining distance quickly and the hairs on the back of his neck rose.

The reason for the sensation was immediately apparent as Miss Potts lifted him up and passed him over to his father. Peter had just enough time to wrap his arms and legs around the man’s torso, activating his stickiness so he didn’t slip before he was caught in a double embrace. His father’s arms cocooned him, one hand resting lightly on his head, whilst Miss Potts embraced them both, using the advantage of her heels to surround them.

“We’re here, we’re safe,” she murmured, “You’ve not lost us, we’re fine.”

They stayed in that position for a long time.

Peter didn’t bother to count the minutes, focussing instead on the way his father’s heartbeat gradually slowed and his breathing returned to a normal rhythm. Eventually, the man let out a shuddering breath, the last residual tension seeping out of his frame.

“Thanks Pep,” his father’s voice was hoarse, and even as he spoke he dropped a kiss to Peter’s curls, and gave him a gentle squeeze conveying another wordless thank you. Miss Potts stepped back, and although Peter couldn’t properly see her face from his position resting against Mr Stark’s chest, he could hear the concern in her voice as she asked,

“What set it off?”

Peter felt his father’s shrug.

“Today always had the potential to be bad, given everything with Stane. Shield breaking in was the straw that broke the camel’s back.” He answered honestly, and Peter heard Miss Potts’ understanding hum in response.

“I wasn’t particularly surprised by it – I felt it coming almost as soon as Fury and Coulson left. I’m just glad you were able to get home so quickly.”

There was a brief pause and from his vantage position Peter was sure a silent conversation was taking place, although he couldn’t quite work out what it was.

“However,” his father continued, switching his focus down to Peter, breaking the moment, “I’m going to keep hold of you if that’s alright Tesoro, I’d rather keep you safe with me for a little while longer.”

Unlike his father’s instructions earlier that day, that was one request Peter had no problems with complying with. He made his agreement clear, promptly burrowing closer, tucking his face into the crook of his father’s neck.

He was not going to do something as silly as to turn down cuddles, particularly when his own nerves were still on edge. Being tucked firmly in his father’s arms was soothing the residual worry that still lurked in his veins, convincing him, that despite his panic, his Papà was here, alive, safe.

“Love you Papà.” He murmured, and Peter felt the slight hitch in his father’s breathing, before a second kiss was pressed to his forehead and the man murmured tenderly back,

“Anch’io ti amo, Tesoro.”

Rhodey stifled a yawn as he headed down to the kitchen in search of breakfast. The previous day had been difficult, and given everything that had happened, he had easily acquiesced to Tony’s request for him to stay for an extra couple of days.

Tony had looked almost fragile when he had emerged from the workshop after they had returned. He’d heard Jarvis warn Pepper and Peter that Tony had experienced a panic attack, and part of him hadn’t been surprised. He’d seen first-hand what the mental effects of experiences such as Tony’s captivity could have on a person – panic attacks only being one tip of the iceberg.

Still, it had hurt to see his brother looking so shaky. Oh, the man had masked it well behind his normal jokes and rapid-fire conversation and quips, but Rhodey had noticed the way he was watching Peter as if the boy would disappear at any moment, and the way that the knuckles on the hands cradling the boy whitened if it looked like the child might move away.

For his part, Peter seemed to be aware of the fact something was still wrong, remaining glued to his father’s side without complaint, showing remarkable patience with Tony’s hovering. It was reassuring to see. Rhodey had been worried that Tony would isolate himself once he returned from Afghanistan, however the opposite seemed to have occurred, and he was so very glad his best friend had two more people who were firmly in his corner.

Even if they were already showing the sort of attraction to trouble he would expect from a Stark.

Peter was extraordinarily bright, and Tony was probably the only person in the world who could keep up with his mind. Rhodey suspected Droney was simply the first of many inventions of growing complexity, and he did not envy Tony the headaches he’d have when the boy became a teenager.

The new baby would make things more complicated again. It was utterly typical of his best friend’s luck that he would find out he had a son, and then accidentally get his fiancé pregnant all within a matter of weeks. Though as timings for accidental kids went, shortly after returning from a long absence was probably one of the more common ones. Certainly, several of his friends back at base had become parents nine months after returning from deployment.

“Morning Platypus,” said best friend greeted him as he walked into the kitchen, and Rhodey was pleased to note that Tony looked much better than he had the night before. Evidently, the sleep the man had managed to get had been good for him, and it looked like he’d recovered the majority of his composure.

“Pancakes alright?” The man asked, gesturing to the stove, “Pepper’s already headed off to the office, but Peter will be down in a minute, and there’s enough to go around.”

“Pancakes are great Tones,” he said, accepting the offer gladly, “Do you have anything planned for today or are you just going to be winging it?”

Tony stiffened at the question, tension suddenly written through his posture, and Rhodey frowned inwardly. That was a rather strange reaction to what should had been an innocuous inquiry, and he focussed his gaze on his brother, eyes searching for signs of something he must have missed.

“There’s something I want to discuss with you,” Tony said quietly, an odd hesitance in his voice, “And I need you to promise me that you’ll listen to everything I say before passing judgement.”

That was ominous.

Rhodey’s instincts were screaming at him. There was something very wrong if Tony was making that request of him. Quickly his mind flicked through possibilities – something from his captivity in Afghanistan perhaps, or mental health ramifications of what had happened there, or had something happened with Shield or Stane yesterday that he didn’t know about?

Squaring his shoulders, he met his brother’s gaze.

“I’ll listen Tony.” He promised, letting the man clearly see his sincerity. He’d stuck with Tony since the man had been a scared and lost fifteen-year-old at MIT, hiding his insecurities beneath bravado, drugs and alcohol, and he’d stuck with the man through the highs and lows of the years that had followed. Whatever this was, he would help Tony deal with it.

A slight smile touched the man’s lips at that declaration, but Rhodey could see the hint of doubt that still lurked behind it. He tried not to let that bother him. His best friend’s issues ran deep, and for all Rhodey had proved himself again and again, the insecurity still flared with depressing regularity. It wasn’t personal, frankly the fact that Tony would even let him see that insecurity was a mark of his friend’s trust in him, but that didn’t stop it from stinging.

The mood in the room changed abruptly as a sleepy seven-year-old entered, small fists reaching up to wipe away the last of the sleep from his eyes. Rhodey could see the shift as Tony changed modes, their discussion being filed away, as the man busied himself with getting Peter settled, dropping a paternal kiss onto the boy’s forehead, ruffling brown curls and sliding a plate of pancakes towards him.

Rhodey went with the distraction, accepting the plate of pancakes his friend offered to him, and listening to Peter ramble on. Nevertheless, he kept a wary eye on his best friend, and he knew Tony was aware of the scrutiny.

The meal passed quickly, and they soon made their way down to the workshop. Rhodey expected that Peter would be dispatched to his own distractions, as he doubted his friend wanted his child overhearing whatever discussion they were about to have. The man hated showing vulnerability, and given the protective streak he displayed over the boy, Rhodey doubted his friend would be willing to expose the boy to the darker sides of human nature.

However, to his surprise, Tony sank down onto his stool, and beckoned Peter over, gathering the boy up into his arms and settling him on his lap as soon as the child got close. Peter didn’t attempt to struggle; however, the boy tilted his head, quizzical brown eyes fixed on his best friend’s face.

“Are you alright Dad?” The question was concerned, and Rhodey felt distinctly out of place as Tony replied, his voice tender.

“I’m fine Tesoro, I’m just going to tell Rhodey what’s happened, and I won’t be able to unless I’ve got you here.”

Peter nodded as if that made perfect sense, shifting his position slightly to make sure he was comfortable and internally Rhodey modified his theories. Whatever Tony was worried about involved Peter, and he was evidently comfortable discussing it in front of the boy. That made it highly unlikely it involved Afghanistan, given the way he doted on the boy, his friend – who was notoriously reticent about things that were actually important emotionally - would not have shared any of the gory details with his young child. He was still at a loss about what it could actually be though.

Rhodey settled himself on a nearby stool, mentally bracing himself for the coming conversation, unease bubbling in his gut. That feeling was only intensified by Tony’s opening sentence.

“This is a long tale Rhodes,” the man admitted, something painful lurking in his tone, “And you’re going to call me crazy before I’ve shown you proof, but I’m not lying, and I need you to believe me.”

That did not sound remotely promising, and Rhodey was already bracing himself as his brother continued.

“I’ve been different since I returned from Afghanistan. I know you’ve noticed, and I know the changes are not the ones you would expect to see in a kidnap and torture victim.”

Rhodey nodded at that statement, his eyes darkening at the implicit confirmation of the ordeal his friend had suffered.

“I’ve changed too much, too quickly. Sure, there are overnight transformations in story books but not real life, they take time, and more than three months.”

Rhodey nodded again, more cautiously this time as Tony continued to speak. Nothing his friend was saying was untrue but he couldn’t work out where the man was going. The personality transformation the man had undergone was drastic yes, but what other explanation could there be? Some sort of mental illness like schizophrenia or psychosis perhaps? But Tony wasn’t exhibiting the other symptoms of those conditions, and he doubted the state would have handed over a child to someone with those conditions regardless of biological paternity.

Tony drew in a deep breath, “This is the bit I don’t think you’ll believe Rhodey,” he said quietly, “But I do have proof, and I need you to listen and not dismiss me as being mad.”

This was sounding worse and worse. Rhodey didn’t know what his expression looked like, but Tony’s next sentence did nothing to allay his fears.

“I’ve time-travelled Rhodey,” he said bluntly, “Pepper and Peter have as well. I’ve lived to the year 2023, before I was sent back. I’m still your friend, but I’m not the same person you knew three months ago.”

Rhodey’s first reaction was shock, closely followed by disbelief. Time-travel was the stuff of science-fiction, an impossibility. Sure, you could travel forwards in time by exploiting special relativity, but the arrow of time only went one way, travelling back was an impossibility.

He tamped down on his shock in the next instant, forcing himself into mission mode and looking at the evidence dispassionately. A scrutinising glance revealed that Tony didn’t look older, his mannerisms might be different, but physically he looked far closer to forty than mid-fifty. But still, he knew his friend was a genius, if anyone could figure out time travel it would be his brother.

“You mentioned proof?” He enquired cautiously, and he saw the first bit of tension leave Tony’s frame.

“It’s circumstantial,” his brother admitted, “You have my personality transplant, and the fact that my tech is far more advanced than it should be. You can ask me, Pep or Peter about events that happened, any questions you can think up about the future, and we’ll answer them without conferring, and the answers will be the same, or similar enough at least. There are a few other pieces as well, but they won’t make sense until I tell you more of what happened in those years.”

Rhodey blew out a breath, forcing himself to look at Tony’s offer logically.

The claim that all three of them had time travelled was peculiar but it would fit some of the observations he’d made. Tony and Peter interacted as if they’d known each other for years, and it would also explain why the boy’s knowledge was quite so advanced compared to his physical age. Tony’s personality changes also made more sense if they’d taken fifteen years not three months.

“I’ll probably take you up on that offer Tones,” he said slowly, “But first I want to understand what happened. How the heck did the three of you time travel?”

“That’s another long story – I’ll give you the cliff-notes version.” He looked down at Peter then, “Chime in if you think I’ve missed anything buddy, I’ve seen the copies of my biographies you had hidden away.”

“Aunt May promised not to show you those!” Peter’s squawk was indignant and the tips of his ears were turning red. Rhodey’s lips twitched at the sight and they broadened into a smile at his friend’s answering chuckle.

“She kept that promise kiddo, I found them later – but she did show me some lovely pictures, and you made an excellent Ironman.”

“Dad…” It was a whine, and the flush had spread to the boy’s cheeks, but Rhodey caught the pleased smile that the child hid in his father’s chest, as the man ran a consoling hand up and down his spine.

“I’m terrible I know kiddo,” the murmur was incredibly soft, clearly meant for Peter’s ears alone.

“Not terrible,” the boy refuted the statement almost immediately, a fierce pout on his face, “Just embarrassing.”

Tony smiled gently in response, and Rhodey noted that most of the tension his brother had been carrying had melted away. Peter was incredibly good for his friend, and the unguarded exchange also fit with the idea of time travel. Still, he wanted to know more, and as Tony started to speak, he leant back in his chair and listened intently.

There was no way this story was going to be easy.
Notes:

    Hello again - I hope you enjoyed the dose of fluff after the heavy plot we had last chapter. I thought we all deserved some sweet family interactions - and I take any excues to write some nice family cuddles.

    For those of you who are curious - I believe the Italian translates as 'I love you too' - and I'm sure if I've got that wrong you'll point it out to me in the comments. The acronym for breaths per minute and beats per minutes is also annoyingly the same, so I hope that didn't cause too much confusion.

    So, Rhodey now knows about the time travel, and we'll see how that pans out over the next few chapters - don't worry he is going to be given some time for a long overdue freakout! It was nice to go into both his head and Peter's however - after a few chapters mainly from Tony's POV, it's nice to have a bit of variety.

    Thank you for all your lovely comments, kudos and bookmarks and I'll see you next week - though the chapter is likely to be delayed to the Sunday as I'm finally going to see some friends now lockdown regulations have loosened sufficiently.

Chapter 31: Chapter 30
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tony had studiously avoided at looking at the fall-out from the press conference yesterday. Bringing Rhodey into the truth surrounding the time-travel had been stressful enough, for all it was necessary and something he owed the man, particularly given the events with Shield.

It had gone better than he’d thought. Rhodey had listened carefully, and had believed him with no more than the justified scepticism such claims warranted. He didn’t think that he was completely convinced yet, but from what he could see, Rhodey was almost there. Tony suspected Pepper would be in for a grilling once she returned from SI, and that would hopefully put the last of his doubts to rest.

Rhodey had asked Peter a few questions, inserting them subtly into the conversation, and Tony could see he was trying to probe whether their stories matched. He wasn’t sure whether Peter had spotted it though, Rhodey was very good at being subtle when he wished to be, and evidently Peter’s answers had satisfied his brother.

Peter had been willing to show off when they reached the part of the tale when Spiderman appeared, and Rhodey’s expression when the boy had clambered up the wall and perched on the ceiling had been priceless. Tony hadn’t been able to stop the chuckles that escaped, and it had been a much-needed moment of levity in the pain that narrating the course of the years-that-had-never-been had caused.

Even the cut down version of the tale had taken the best part of the morning to tell. He’d glossed over the worst parts, partially because he didn’t care to relive them that clearly, particularly the day after a panic attack, and partially because he didn’t want to unduly alarm Peter. His son might know a lot of what had happened, having lived through and been involved in some of it directly, but a lot of the details surrounding the Mandarin, New York and Ultron the boy didn’t know, and didn’t need to be burdened with.

Rhodey had inferred some of what he was deliberately not saying however, if the way his eyes had darkened, and his visage had frozen were any indication. Tony could see the simmering anger and pain in his best friend’s face as the implications dawned on him, and therefore he wasn’t surprised when the man drew in a deep breath once he had finished speaking.

“The gym’s stocked Platypus,” he offered quietly, “Jarvis will direct you to where the dummies and bags are.”

He saw the relief on his friend’s face, but still the man hesitated, “Will you be alright Tones?” he asked, voice low.

“I’ll be fine,” Tony reassured him, “It was mainly old memories and Pete and I have things to do. Take the time you need to process – I know I’ve just dumped a lot on you.”

A hint of a grin touched Rhodey’s face at that, and with one last searching look in Tony’s direction, his friend stood and headed down to the gym. If past patterns were any indication, Rhodey would spend a couple of hours there venting his frustrations, and then his friend was likely to go for a long meandering walk along the cliff-tops whilst he marshalled his thoughts.

That meant he was unlikely to see the man until much before supper-time, unless he happened to come in search of sustenance when Tony and Peter happened to be eating. Supper would coax him out however, Tony had a tentative plan of cooking lasagne and passing Jarvis’ recipe down to Peter at the same time. Rhodey had never yet refused a serving of Jarvis’ lasagne.

That would work out well however, now that Stane’s threat was mostly curtailed, Tony knew he needed to plan out what his next steps were, and that was a discussion he needed to have with both Pepper and Rhodey, but was a discussion he did not want Peter involved in. As with any other conversation he didn’t want Peter overhearing, waiting until the boy was asleep was the simplest option, and in the meantime, he had a situation with May and Ben he could start sorting out.

But first he had good news to relay to Peter.

Ben Parker’s condition had improved markedly over the past weeks, as the man recovered from his medically induced coma. He still had a long way to go in his rehabilitation, however his Post-Traumatic Amnesia had passed and the man was now forming and keeping new memories.

That meant he was now willing, and able to arrange a call for Peter. The man had been kept away from screens during the early parts of his recovery, but he was now allowed to use them for short periods and Tony would take full advantage.

He knew just how much his son had missed the man who had raised him, and although this meeting would be difficult, he knew it was an opportunity Peter had longed for. Somewhat counterintuitively Tony also suspected it would be easier for the boy to deal with than interacting with May was. Instinctively Peter wouldn’t expect as much from the man as he did with May, given that the man hadn’t been alive to see Peter’s powers or his Spider-Man exploits.

He leant back in his seat, smiling slightly as Peter adjusted his position before snuggling close once more. Despite the conversation with Rhodey having finished a few minutes ago, his son had made no attempt to move, seemingly content to stay curled up on Tony’s lap.

He certainly had no objections. These quiet moments with his child were remarkably soothing, and he would be more than content to spend hours like this, particularly given the memories that had been dredged up over the last few hours. His fingers found his way into chocolate curls on instinct, and the boy melted further into his chest, letting out a content hum.

Tony let himself bask in it for several long moments, as raw, frayed nerves tucked themselves away, back behind his protective armour. However, he knew better than most that peaceful interludes couldn’t last forever.

“I had a call from the hospital buddy,” he started, voice quiet against the background thrum of the workshop, “They said your Uncle would be up for a call today.”

Brown eyes shot up to meet his, Peter’s forehead only narrowly avoiding a collision with his chin.

“I can call Uncle Ben?” There was disbelief in the question, as well as a thin, reedy thread of hope with anxiety coiled serpentine beneath.

“You can,” he confirmed gently, smoothing a hand over the boy’s back in comfort. Tony recognised the painful mix of hope, disbelief and anxiety in the child’s voice. He had felt it himself bare weeks ago in his frantic flight across the States to try and find Peter.

“Right now?” Was the tentative, hopeful follow up question and a tender smile crossed Tony’s face as he answered.

“That would be fine buddy, they’re expecting a call some-time this morning, if you’re up for it?” The question was quiet, but Tony continued before Peter could answer, “He’s still not well though Pete. He’s awake and getting better but he can be quite confused, and it might be difficult to have a conversation with him. It’s normal after a head injury like the one he had, but you need to be prepared if you want to see him.”

Peter’s eyes were wide and Tony could see the emotions flicker across his face, indecision finally giving way to resolution.

“I’d like to speak to Uncle Ben please,” he requested softly, fingers twisting in the fabric of Tony’s shirt. “But only if you stay with me.”

Tony pressed a soft kiss to Peter’s forehead, his words a murmur, “Of course kiddo, you never even have to ask.”

Ben flinched as a sudden buzzing intruded upon his awareness. Quickly his gaze roved around the room, looking for the source of the sound, fingers twitching agitatedly as the sound hammered into his brain.

Where was it coming from?

He couldn’t find it.

The sound increased in pitch then, and his eyes finally fell on the slim back tablet on the bedside table. He’d been given it yesterday, or the day before maybe or was it earlier than that? His memories weren’t clear. He knew he’d been given it, it was a gift so he could keep in touch with May and Peter.

Peter.

That was it.

Peter was going to be calling. That was what the ringing was. Peter was calling him so they could talk. He’d solved the puzzle.

The tablet buzzed again, sharply.

Oh! That was right, he had to answer it. His thoughts were like that now. They jumped from place to place and he couldn’t focus on more than one thing at a time.

The doctor said that was to be expected, he’d had a very nasty head injury and he was going to get better. Apparently, even being able to remember that conversation, and what he’d had for breakfast was an improvement. He couldn’t remember any of the weeks he’d been here, but she had assured him that was normal and she seemed to know what she was talking about.

The tablet was still buzzing.

He had to answer it. Carefully he focussed, reaching out for the tablet with his good hand. Irritation pulsed through him as his fingers clumsily wrapped around the plastic, and Ben gritted his teeth as he focussed on making sure he had a good grip on the tablet, before slowly moving it onto the bed.

It took a lot of effort, but even simple movements did now. His limbs didn’t want to obey his brain and it felt like he was having to relearn even basic movements. He hadn’t tried standing yet, he had a suspicion that would currently be beyond his abilities.

He still had to answer the call.

Awkward fingers fumbled with the touchscreen before Peter suddenly appeared on the screen, tucked up against the side of a man Ben thought he recognised. He felt his lips curve upwards in a smile, it had been far too long since he had seen his nephew.

“Hello champ,” he said, then nodded at the stranger. Was this some family member he’d forgotten? He knew he recognised the man but he couldn’t name him and when he’d asked, he’d been told Peter was staying with his father, but Richard was dead? That was why Peter lived with them. But who else was Peter’s father?

“And Richard?” He guessed, and saw the way the man’s face tightened, a flicker of some emotion he couldn’t identify passing over it before it smoothed out.

“Tony,” the man corrected simply, “It’s good to meet you, Ben. Peter’s told me wonderful things about you.”

Not Richard then, that made sense, he had been almost certain his brother was dead. But that still left the question of who this ‘Tony’ was. He must have met the man before, there was no other reason for the fact he recognised him but his mind was coming up blank.

Did he have another brother he’d forgotten? He’d thought he’d remembered all the important information but he must be wrong. That was sensation he was getting used to. He’d find a way to ask later, once Peter had gone. He didn’t want to alarm the boy with just how bad his memory could be at the moment.

Peter’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts, and focussed his attention back on the conversation.

“Hello Uncle Ben.”

There was something wrong with Peter. He could see it even through a screen, the boy’s words had wavered and he thought he could see tears on the child’s cheeks.

“Are you alright Peter?” he asked abruptly, eyes scanning the image as if he’d be able to glean further clues from the simple picture.

“I’m okay Uncle Ben,” came the reply and there was a definite hitch to the boy’s voice now, “I’m just happy to see you again.”

True, his mind supplied, but not all the truth.

The man, Tony, seemed to agree, and as Ben watched, he shifted, wrapping a tender arm around Peter’s shoulder and the boy slumped back into the hold.

That was definitely a paternal action.

He was forgetting something. There was a puzzle piece missing. Peter’s father, but not Richard. Had he got his brothers completely mixed up?

He didn’t know and it itched in the back of his mind. He didn’t like this, didn’t like not being able to trust his own brain, his own memories. He was a member of the police, his livelihood depended on his ability to make cool decisions under fire, to weigh the evidence and see where it led. He was broken and it ached.

Peter’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts as he realised he’d become distracted again.

“…and I made this really cool polymer. It can be used as an emergency wound dressing and it lasts for two and a half hours before it dissolves. Dad’s going to patent it and says he’ll give me a certificate when the patent comes through. I told him he didn’t need to but he insisted.”

“It’s important to celebrate kiddo,” Tony interjected smoothly, “You won’t have another first patent, and it’s my job to show off your achievements.”

“Tony’s right,” Ben added, “You’re really clever champ, and that should be celebrated.”

This was familiar ground. Peter had always been unassuming, willing to let others take the glory and letting his own contributions get overlooked. It was a habit Ben was trying to break him of, although it was difficult when most of the other kids valued sporting achievements and didn’t hesitate to overlook the quiet, nerdy kid with glasses and asthma.

“A patent at your age is incredible, and you should be really proud,” he continued, even as Peter’s cheeks started to turn rosy.

“My little genius of a nephew.” He praised, a smile on his face, “That must make you one of the youngest inventors in the country, like that inventor you’re interested in – the one who made the engine at about your age…”

His mind wasn’t co-operating. He knew he should know the name, Peter had found a book about them before Christmas and hadn’t stopped talking about them for months. What was it? What was it – oh that’s right!

“Stark – that was the one. That makes you like Stark.”

On the video Peter’s cheeks suddenly went a deep crimson, and a smile appeared on Tony’s face before it was hurriedly supressed. Ben stopped speaking, looking quizzically at the boy. He didn’t think he’d said anything particularly embarrassing; Peter certainly hadn’t been shy about speaking about his new idol over the past months.

“We saw Aunt May a few days ago,” Peter announced, very definitely not looking at the man next to him. “We delivered a few things for you at the same time. Did you get your clarinet and books?”

Ben frowned, eyes scanning the room. He didn’t think he had a clarinet but he remembered something about books, though he wasn’t supposed to read them yet. It was something about over taxing his brain whilst he was recovering, he couldn’t quite remember the details but it had sounded sensible.

His eyes caught on a stack in the corner of the room, there were the books and he couldn’t quite see what was under them but it did look a bit like his clarinet case.

“Uncle Ben?”

He needed to answer the question, “They’ve arrived Pete,” he replied, “I’ll be able to use them in a bit.”

Peter beamed back at him, “That’s good. I chose the books for you and we can bring you more if you finish them.”

The conversation moved on and they meandered around topics until a beeping noise suddenly broke into his awareness. Ben blinked, startled out of his thoughts and looked down at the screen, where a bright red message was now flashing at him.

Warning: 5 minutes of Screen Time Left.

He could remember the doctor’s warning and knew better than to disobey doctors’ orders if he wanted to recover, but there were still questions he need to have answered.

“I’m nearly out of time,” he announced, “So I’d best say goodbye champ.”

Peter’s face tightened at that, though he just nodded,

“Goodbye Uncle Ben.”

It was a strangely perfunctory answer, and oddly accepting for a seven-year-old. He’d expected Peter to ask when they would speak again at least. Still, he couldn’t be certain if he was seeing things that weren’t actually there. He knew his brain wasn’t working right after all.

“Goodbye Ben,” Tony’s voice broke him out of his thoughts, “We can chat again in a few days time if you’re up for it?”

A chat in a few days sounded good. It was nice to speak to family and it broke up some of the monotony of the days in the hospital. His memory might even be working a bit better by then, and he would have a better idea of who exactly Tony was, and what was happening with him and Peter.

He’d been planning to ask some questions.

He spoke before he could forget again, “Can I talk to you for a minute Tony, without Peter?” He asked, and he saw the man’s eyebrows furrow before he nodded.

“Of course,” the man replied, gently helping Peter down from the couch, “Why don’t you pop up to your room for a minute buddy? Jarvis will let you know when we’re finished.”

Peter pouted at that, but it was obviously an instruction instead of a question and the boy seemed to know that, vanishing out of sight with nothing more than a wave in Ben’s direction, which he returned absent-mindedly.

“Are you alright Ben?” Tony inquired solicitously, and Ben grimaced in response, more willing to show his confusion more openly now that Peter was gone. He still didn’t know who Tony was, but he had to be family and he could be more upfront about his condition with another adult who wouldn’t get distressed the same way a child would.

“My mind is funny,” he admitted, “I thought I had the important bits straight but I obviously don’t,” he waved his hand lazily in Tony’s direction, “I can’t work out who you are. I know you from somewhere and you’re Peter’s father but not Richard? I thought I only had one brother.”

Tony blew out a breath.

“I’m not your brother,” he answered quietly, keeping his sentences short and simple. Ben appreciated the consideration; it made the information far easier to follow and remember. “But I am Peter’s father. We discovered that right after your accident. Peter came to live with me as you and May were still in hospital.”

He paused, then added, “We haven’t met before today. I’m moderately famous though, so that is why you recognise me. My full name is Tony Stark.”

Ben was silent for several long moments as his mind processed those statements, letting it fill in the puzzle pieces. The explanation made sense although he knew there were many details that had been left out.

Stark. Why was that name jogging his memory?

Oh.

“I embarrassed Peter earlier didn’t I?”

Tony laughed at that, “Just a little,” he replied.
Notes:

    Hello everyone! I know this chapter is slightly late but I hope you've enjoyed it, and hopefully I'll be back on the normal schedule next week.

    So disclaimer time - I've no actual experiences with TBI's so Ben's perspective is a mixture of my own imaginings, a dive into medical literature, and observations of my grandmother who had dementia (which is of course a completely different condition but *shrugs* may have some similarities in the way it can present). I hope the disjointedness of his perspective came across well, and don't worry, we'll be taking a trip inside Peter's head next time.

    See you on Saturday!

Chapter 32: Chapter 31
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter couldn’t stop fidgeting. He’d gone up to his room like his father had asked, understanding that it was the only way to ensure he didn’t accidentally eavesdrop. He’d considered staying, but quickly realised it wasn’t worth it. Jarvis would know and tell his father, and he suspected that Uncle Ben just wanted to ask his father some questions given he’d thought he was Richard Parker so there wouldn’t actually be anything he would learn that it would be worth getting in trouble over.

Probably.

Maybe he should have stayed and listened. It would have given him something to do that wasn’t just pacing up and down his bedroom, unable to sit still.

He just spoken to Uncle Ben.

Uncle Ben was alive.

He’d dreamt of this. He’d got years of memories of mourning him, even if the seven-year-old part of him didn’t have those scars yet.

His uncle wasn’t well, that had been clear from the moment he’d called Mr Stark Richard, but he was alive and here and that was far more than Peter could have ever dared to ask for. But what did he do? He’d hardly known what to say, resorting to babbling about the things he been doing recently and that seemed to be okay but he could scarcely remember what he’d said.

What did you say? What could you say?

Uncle Ben didn’t understand, had no way of knowing he’d died in front of Peter, that the boy had spent hours scrubbing away at the blood on his hands, hands that didn’t feel clean even when every last rust red speck had long since been washed away.

How did you cope with that? The man had been dead and it was Peter’s fault and now he was alive again and that was a gift but it didn’t make the pain or guilt go away.

A soft knock on the door broke him out of his spiralling thoughts as Mr Stark stepped through the doorway.

“Tesoro?” He asked quietly and Peter wasted no time in tucking himself back into the man’s protective embrace. Calloused fingers teased through his curls and Peter felt himself relaxing, secure in the knowledge that he was utterly safe here.

“Do you want to talk about it buddy?” The question was gentle and undemanding, and Peter frowned slightly as he considered the offer. His father was probably the only person who could understand some of the confusing, tangled knot of feelings inside him at the moment. From what he had gathered, he had died on Titan, he’d died in Mr Stark’s arms and the man had then spent years mourning him before the Avengers brought everyone back. If anyone understood, it would be his father.

“Uncle Ben is alive.” There was wonder, and disbelief in his voice, “He’s alive.”

Mr Stark gathered him up, settling them both on the bedspread, Peter still cocooned in his embrace. His voice was very soft as he replied, “Yes Tesoro, he’s alive.”

Peter felt his lips stretch into a tremulous smile at the words, incredulous joy still beating a tattoo in his chest. However, the joy didn’t remain untainted, as guilt and regret swirled around it, poisoning it and he felt his smile sink away.

“But I still feel guilty?” He half asked, half stated, “He’s not died yet but he did and it was my fault and I still feel guilty?”

He felt rather than heard the deep breath his father pulled in at that statement, then carefully, gently, he was turned around until he was facing his father, identical brown eyes meeting.

“Your Uncle’s death was not your fault,” his father said firmly, “You have nothing to feel guilty about.”

“But I had my powers, he was out looking for me and then I couldn’t save him!” He protested, words tumbling over each other as memories flashed behind his eyes.

“Peter Benjamin Parker Stark.”

The name was enough to shock him out of his thoughts. He’d never been referred to that way before, and the addition of the Stark name jarred, but sent warmth curling down his spine at the same time. He supposed that was only right though, he was a Stark now.

Satisfied he had the child’s attention, his father continued, voice soft, but with steel beneath it. “It was not your fault Peter,” he repeated, “It was the mugger’s fault, and you were, are just a kid, and it was his job to look after you.”

“But…” Peter started to protest. He knew that he hadn’t fired the gun, but it was his fault his uncle had been there in the first place and he had powers and should have saved him!

“Was it my fault you died on Titan?” His father asked suddenly, interrupting the protest he’d been about to make and Peter jerked back, the denial coming immediately and instinctively.

“No!”

“But I was a hero, and it was my fault you were on Titan in the first place and I should have been able to save you.”

“But Thanos was the one who snapped, and it’s not your fault we didn’t beat him the first time.” Peter argued back.

The trap closed around him gently, “And the mugger was the one who fired the shot, and it’s not your fault you didn’t beat him.”

“But…” he tried to protest, but he couldn’t marshal up the arguments. He knew it wasn’t Mr Stark’s fault that he’d died on Titan, and now his father had pointed it out he could see the similarities.

There was something achingly sad in his father’s face as the man gently titled Peter’s face upward, meeting his gaze steadily.

“I’ll make a deal with you Tesoro,” he murmured, “I’ll agree that Titan wasn’t my fault if you agree that your Uncle’s death wasn’t yours.”

Peter looked at him helplessly for a moment before nodding and pitching forward to nuzzle into the man’s chest, snuggling into the arms that came up to embrace him.

“Not your fault Papà,” he muttered stubbornly.

“Not yours either buddy,” came the reply as gentle fingers stroked soothing patterns along his back. “And it won’t happen this time either. Ben is alive, you’ve got him back and you can speak to him as much as you like.”

That was a good thought.

“I’d like that,” he said quietly, and a kiss was pressed to the crown of his head.

“You’ll have it,” his father promised, “I’ll do everything I can to make sure you have your Aunt and Uncle for a very long time.”

Pepper smothered a yawn as Happy drove away from the SI offices. As much as the press conference had been needed yesterday, it had lit a number of fires that she was not enjoying combatting. As expected, stocks had taken a tumble following the revelations, and all the staff in the PR Department would be getting a bonus given the number of phone calls they had been fielding all day.

At least they had a scapegoat this time.

The hostage video from Afghanistan, as well as Stane’s conversation with Raza had been the leading news story on all the major networks. Stane was rapidly being crucified in the court of public opinion, and people were generally being reasonably sympathetic towards Tony.

That would be necessary over the coming weeks and months. Simply the existence of a scandal of this ilk would damage SI’s reputation, and the existence of the new ranges would only blunt that criticism, not remove it entirely.

They would need something spectacular.

Thankfully however, spectacular was Tony’s specialism. The existence of Ironman had been very useful the first-time round, and this time they would be able to deploy that revelation for maximum effect.

That was something they could discuss tonight. Now that the immediate threats had been dealt with, it was time to plan their next course of action. Hopefully, Tony had remembered to appraise James of the situation, and they would be able to include him in those discussions. More support would be invaluable, and Tony’s best friend possessed a sharp mind, as well as insights into areas both she and Tony were less familiar with.

As if her thoughts had summoned him, James was waiting for her as Happy expertly slid the car into the garage. She could guess what he planned to ask her, given that if Tony had stuck to the plan, he would have told him about the time travel this morning.

Judging by the expression on his face, Tony had definitely spoken to him, and she smiled sympathetically in his direction. It was a lot to take in, and frankly the sort of story most would dismiss outright. Certainly, if she hadn’t been living it, she would have doubted, and she was someone who had worked next to Tony and lived through his ridiculous antics for years.

“Good evening Pepper,” James greeted her quietly, “I had an interesting conversation with Tony this morning and wanted to discuss a couple of things with you?”

Pepper nodded in response, “Of course,” she replied, “Is this a discussion for the lounge or my office?”

“The office,” he said decisively before tilting his head subtly in Happy’s direction.

“That would be fine,” she replied even as she shook her head slightly in response to the silent query.

Happy was someone they would tell about the time travel eventually, as one of the handful of people that Tony actually trusted, and one who needed to know, but there was no sense in making the situation needlessly complicated. There was no immediate rush, and it was easier to deal with one overwhelmed friend at a time.

“Coffee, tea, something stronger?” She offered as he sat down, “No alcohol I’m afraid – the temptation isn’t good for Tony, but I’ve got a few things with bite.”

“A coffee would be great thanks,” James said, one hand reaching up to rub his forehead, tension lines clearly visible.

“So,” she started, once they were both nursing their own mugs, “I presume you have questions.”

“Tony told me something rather remarkable,” he said slowly, “If his story is true, you’ll be able to tell me about the events in New York, with a group called the Avengers.”

Pepper leant back in her chair, “It’s a long story as I’m sure you’re aware, but the quick version is simply….”

Rhodey blew out a breath as she finished, “Time travel. All three of you.”

“It was a shock to me too,” she offered, a wry smile touching her lips, “I went to sleep a single woman, secretary to a man who was currently missing, presumed dead in Afghanistan, and woke up knowing that I was the CEO of Stark Industries, married to a reckless, self-sacrificial, idiotic genius of a man and a mother.”

The man let out a low whistle at that.

“And I thought listening to it was bad.”

She couldn’t help but wince at that. James had received a very cut down version of events, there simply hadn’t been time to give him the sorts of details that would flesh-out the story sufficiently.

He caught the wince, and groaned, “I’ve not touched the surface of it yet have I?” He asked rhetorically, “I can infer some of what Tony left out, and it doesn’t paint a pretty picture, but how bad was it really?”

The concern in his voice was easy to hear and she met his eyes squarely. She and Peter, and Morgan eventually, would help Tony the best they could, and would provide most of the support he needed, but she knew from bitter experience that it wasn’t something they could do alone. Rhodey had been an invaluable support for Tony both in the years up to this point, and in the years that never were.

He was also someone who had become one of her close friends. That was a relationship that hadn’t developed until she had been dating Tony however, and she forced herself to remember - that for all she considered him a friend - from his perspective, at the moment he only considered her a friendly ally in getting Tony to look after himself.

Still, she was well aware of his devotion to Tony, and he would only be able to help if he actually knew what he was walking into.

“Awful,” she said bluntly, “And that took its toll. Of course, there were good things, Peter for one, but it left scars. Tony has panic attacks, as you gathered yesterday, and they aren’t an unusual occurrence. You’ll also notice he has gained a list of further triggers – he won’t swim anymore, can’t look at the stars and is very protective of the arc reactor in his chest. He’ll let Peter and I close, but don’t be surprised if he never lets you near it.”

James’ eyes were dark and he nodded slowly. “PTSD most likely then,” he mused quietly, “And other mental scarring as well. Thank you Pepper.”

She inclined her head, “Are you joining us for dinner?” she asked lightly, “I believe Tony was planning to teach Peter how to make lasagne.”

She saw the way his eyes lit up at that and inwardly smiled. Tony’s lasagne was one of the few dishes he had been able to cook originally, having learnt it from Jarvis as a child, and it was something of a speciality. Judging by the man’s expression, they didn’t have to worry about him leaving before dinner.

The meal itself passed smoothly. As normal the lasagne had come out splendidly and Peter happily related his contributions, Tony interjecting with the occasional clarification or gentle tease. It was a type of gentle domesticity that was a balm after the organised frenzy the SI offices had been, and it strongly reminded her of the evenings at the lake-house.

It was the sense of family those five years had let her become accustomed to, and it was only Morgan’s lack that still hurt. Unconsciously her hand slipped down to her stomach. It was far too early in the pregnancy to feel Morgan move, but by the same token, the unpleasant side effects had yet to start. She was not looking forward to the morning sickness, which if this pregnancy followed the same pattern, was due to start in a few days, and would persist for another six weeks.

It was easy to fall into their normal after supper routine. Tony dealt with putting Peter to bed, and she gratefully accepted Rhodey’s offer of help with the washing up. The conversation remained light, an unspoken consensus that the heavy topics would be left alone until Tony had re-joined them and Pepper took the opportunity to start rebuilding the friendship they had once possessed.

Like a bloodhound drawn to the scent of coffee, Tony reappeared just as the coffee she’d put on for him finished brewing, and he flashed a grateful smile in her direction as he collected it.

“This is probably a discussion for the workshop or the office,” he said soberly, “Jarvis has verified both locations are bug free, and I’d rather not take chances.”

Pepper scrutinised him carefully, noting the tightness that lingered in his posture and the tension twisting the corner of his eyes.

“The workshop is probably the best,” she replied and was pleased to see that a little of the tension left his frame. She was well aware that the workshop was one of the few places Tony felt completely secure and that would only help in the coming discussion.

“You coming Rhodey?” Tony tossed the question out casually, but Pepper could see the alertness in her fiancé’s posture, and hear the subtext in the question. James evidently could too, as he met Tony’s eyes squarely, and nodded once, short and sharp.

“Of course Tones.”

Within minutes they were settled in the lab, each nursing a coffee.

“Pull up the list please J,” Tony instructed.

“Certainly Sir,” the AI replied and a blue hologram sprang into being in front of them. Pepper scrutinised it carefully, mind already whirling as she noted what Tony had included. Calling it a list was generous really, it was a collection of ideas, events and names, items evidently tacked on whenever they occurred to her fiancé but it was comprehensive nevertheless, and she instinctively started sorting things into order of priority.

Beside her, she heard James suck in a breath.

“That’s an ambitious list Tony,” he said quietly, shock still clearly audible in his voice.

“It needs to be,” Tony replied, voice sombre, “Thanos is coming and we need to be ready. Frankly we’re a long way off and that’s not counting all the issues along the way.” He gestured expansively at the screen, “Hydra will be difficult to deal with and then there’s the issue of getting the sorts of powered individuals we need together and trained without the debacle the Accords turned into and that’s ignoring all the other problems that are bound to crop up along the way.”

“What do you need me to do Tony?” The question was asked simply, “There’s very little I can see that I’d be any use with.”

“Pull up the specs for the War Machine Armour J.” Tony said, fingers reaching out to manipulate the hologram the instant it appeared, showing it off to his friend.

“This is yours if you are willing,” He said, and Pepper could see the way James’ eyes tracked the suit, the longing obvious as Tony continued, “It has similar functionality to my suit and it’ll be an asset on the field. There are only two conditions – firstly that the military don’t go poking around in its specs - it’s proprietary tech and it’ll stay that way - and that you’re back-up when I need it against threats like Thanos.”

It wasn’t that simple and all three of them knew it.

The gift of the War Machine armour was far more that it appeared on the surface. Politically, it signalled a willingness to work with the military establishment, albeit under their own terms, and it gave the establishment their own stake in the new ‘hero’ business. Beyond that, it helped to introduce heroes beyond just Iron Man into the collective public consciousness, and let them start to build and control that narrative.

They needed to pre-empt and control the Accords this time. Some form of regulation was inevitable, people feared what they couldn’t control, particularly when those things also had destructive capabilities. However, if they played their cards right, they would be the ones drafting that legislation, and would be able to make it far more favourable than even the best form of the Accords had been.

SI had been playing that game with corporate law for years.

However, that would take time, and what they needed now was to make that first step. Next to her, James’ brow furrowed as he thought through the possibilities, before,

“Done, and done.” Rhodey replied, “I’ll have to run it past the brass of course, but I’m sure they won’t refuse. They’ve been worrying about the lack of any new Stark weaponry for weeks – and this will mollify them.”

Tony’s answering smile was sharp, “You’ll have the suit as soon as they give you permission platypus,” he promised.

He titled his head then, features taking on a distinctively wolf-like cast.

“How much do you need plausible deniability Rhodes?” He enquired, eyes intent and focussed.

“It depends,” the man answered immediately, “If you’re going to kick the hornet’s nest of alphabet agencies, plausible deniability will be helpful, for military-level interventions, a degree of warning is appreciated, though I shouldn’t be directly involved in the planning – not as an active-duty officer. Though,” he added wryly, “I’m already keeping one major secret – not that anyone would believe me anyway.”

Pepper pursed her lips, even as Tony nodded along. Those restrictions made sense, particularly given the careful line Rhodey was required to walk for his career. It had been easier once he was more senior, and a known auxiliary member of the Avengers, but they weren’t there yet. She met Tony’s eyes and her fiancé nodded.

“You can guess the rough outline,” he said, turning to address Rhodey directly, “You know what we’re trying to prevent, and can guess the sorts of things we’ll be doing over the coming months. I’ll be trying to assemble a team of powered and skilled individuals, and getting SI up to speed.”

Tony leant back on his stool, stretching as he continued, “I’m nearly done in Afghanistan, and Iron Man will be going after Stark weaponry in different parts of the world, so I don’t expect to be tangling with the US military directly.”

Tony grimaced then, “How’d you feel about a more permanent liaison position if I can swing that with the senate?”

“Depends on what that looks like,” Rhodey replied promptly, “The idea isn’t bad, but I’d want to be involved in working out its terms.”

“Sure honeybear,” Tony agreed with a shrug, “It’ll take time to work out details anyway. Now, if we can’t talk shop yet, have we talked you through the plans for the wedding yet?”
Notes:

    Hello again - I hope you all enjoyed it. More fluff in this chapter - as well as hints of what may be to come. There's going to be quite a bit of fluff and plot building over the next few chapters before we get to the next set of major events.

    I hope you liked seeing inside Peter and Pepper's heads for a bit and we'll spend a bit more time there next chapter, as well as popping back into Tony's head.

    Thank you for all the comments and kudos - particularly those who shared details of their own experiences of TBIs and concussions - I really enjoy reading them. See you all next Saturday!

Chapter 33: Chapter 32
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter slid carefully out of bed, padding softly across the carpeted floor towards his wardrobe. He paused before opening the door, casting a wary look up at the ceiling.

“Is Dad still awake Mr Jarvis?” He asked in a whisper.

“Sir is currently sleeping. Would you like me to wake him for you Master Peter?” The AI enquired, his voice breaking into the darkness of the room.

“No, no!” The reply was frantic, even as it didn’t rise above a whisper, “Don’t wake Papà! Droney is supposed to be a surprise!”

Obligingly, the next words the AI spoke were in a soft whisper, however the tone was distinctly chiding, “I cannot allow you to test Droney without adult supervision young Sir, and I know you haven’t yet had sufficient rest this evening.”

Peter pouted, looking beseechingly up at where he knew Jarvis’ camera was located.

“But I don’t need to do very much,” he protested, voice slipping into a whine, “I did all the tests with Mr Rhodey and it’s almost done. I just need to fix the panel that got damaged, and that’s perfectly safe.”

“You know you are not allowed into the lab without your father, or another adult.” Jarvis reminded him, but Peter had known that and anticipated the argument.

“But I don’t need to go into the lab,” he argued back, “Dum-E, U or Butterfingers can bring me the part I need without me ever going inside the lab and I’ve got the screwdrivers I need up here.”

There was a pause as the AI considered his logic, and Peter waited impatiently, fingers crossed behind his back.

“That is within the rules,” Jarvis said eventually, his voice sounding reluctant, “However, if at any point I believe you to be in danger of injury I will wake Sir.”

The boy beamed up at the camera, “Thank you Mr Jarvis!” He chirped, although he still kept the sound below a whisper. “Could you ask Dum-E to bring me the small panel of titanium-alloy you fabricated for me this afternoon please.”

“Certainly, Master Peter,” the AI replied, and Peter wasted no time in padding down darkened corridors, eyes and ears alert for any sounds that would indicate that his father, or Miss Potts or Mr Rhodey were going to wake up.

Dum-E was waiting for him at the entrance to the workshop, the metal panel Peter needed grasped carefully in his outstretched claw. The bot trilled happily when Peter approached, and the boy smiled back, taking the panel from the bot.

“Thank you Dum-E,” he whispered, patting the side of the claw in thanks, “But don’t tell Dad I came down here okay? I’m building him a surprise.”

The bot let out an ascending series of beeps and Peter grinned back, giving the bot a cheery wave as Dum-E headed back to his charging station. Prize now secured, he quickly slipped back upstairs, careful not to wake any of the sleeping adults.

He let out a breath once he was safely back in his room, with only the gentle light of the bedside lamp providing illumination.

“Are Dad and Miss Potts still asleep?” He asked, voice barely a breath.

“They are Master Peter,” came the reply from the AI, and Peter grinned to himself, already moving towards the toolbox in his desk. He would need to be quick. He wanted to have Droney finished by the morning, but he knew he couldn’t stay up too long.

The last time he’d got up in the middle of the night he’d ended up taking a nap like a little kid and that was embarrassing. Thankfully, the scratched panel came off easily and it only took a few minutes to replace it with the new one. Droney complete, Peter leant back in his desk chair, eyes scanning over the finished robot. It wasn’t exactly what he’d imagined but it was a sturdy little robot and it could connect directly to Jarvis, letting the AI direct and control it.

Now he had to work out what he was going to make next.

Droney was designed for search-and-rescue and maybe reconnaissance so wasn’t equipped to actually provide back-up. He could try and make something that could actually fight but that would be difficult, and he wasn’t sure he’d be able to do it without his Dad finding out.

“Master Peter, you have only had six hours of sleep,” Jarvis’ voice broke into his musings, “You have completed Droney, and therefore if you do not go back to bed I will need to notify Sir.”

Peter pouted, but he knew that this was a battle he wasn’t going to win against the AI. He could persuade his father’s AIs to do something if it wasn’t expressively forbidden by his father, and if it didn’t run counter to their protocols, however he still hadn’t found a way to get around a direct order from his father. The only way he’d found that actually worked was hacking into their base code, and he’d only ever managed that with Karen, and only with Ned’s help. He didn’t stand a chance with Jarvis.

Carefully he returned Droney to the hiding place in his wardrobe and climbed back into bed, stifling a yawn. However, just because he was in bed didn’t mean he couldn’t think. If he just closed his eyes, it would look like he was trying to sleep, and he could still work on new ideas for helper robots.

He yawned, snuggling underneath his duvet. He’d just close his eyes and then he could start planning…..

He was asleep before he could finish the thought.

The thumping of a familiar heartbeat was the first sound that intruded upon his awareness, and as he slowly began to rouse himself, Peter became aware of tender fingers brushing along his forehead.

“Good morning sleepyhead,” his father’s voice broke through the last of the warm, comforting haze and Peter blinked open sleep encrusted eyelids, his father’s smiling face swimming into view above him.

“Hello Papà,” he murmured back, his own lips stretching into a smile.

“How are you feeling kiddo?” The query was soft and concerned, “It’s not like you to sleep in.”

 Even as he was speaking, Mr Stark reached up to lay a cool palm against Peter’s forehead, continuing before Peter could answer, “You don’t feel warm.”

Peter pushed himself up into a sitting position, tucking himself against his father’s side and immediately being welcomed into the circle of the man’s arms.

“I’m not sick,” he placated, nuzzling into the embrace, “I just didn’t sleep well last night.”

At that sentence Mr Stark pulled back slightly, a frown on his face as he looked down at the boy, “Nightmares?” He asked, “Jarvis should have alerted me if you were having those.”

Peter shook his head, “No nightmares,” he said quietly, stretching the truth as much as he dared as he continued, “I just woke up and it took me a bit of time to go back to sleep.”

His father still looked dubious but he accepted the statement with nothing more than a searching glance and a light kiss to the crown of Peter’s head.

“There’s breakfast waiting for you downstairs buddy, and then I thought we’d have a quiet day. I think we’ve earnt one.”

Within half an hour the stack of pancakes had been thoroughly demolished and Peter was feeling much more awake. His father smiled at him as he finished the mug of coffee he’d been sipping.

“A lab morning buddy?” he half stated, half asked, “Rhodey’s gone back to his folks so it’s just us today.”

Peter grinned up at him, “Yes please!” he chirped, “I just need to get something from my room first.”

Mr Stark’s answering smile was indulgent, “Off you go then bug, I’ll meet you down there.”

In a matter of minutes Peter had darted up to his room and retrieved Droney. His footsteps slowed as he approached the lab however, doubts beginning to assail him. He knew Droney worked, knew that the robot was good and useful but what if his father didn’t like him? He hadn’t wanted the boy to be involved with superhero stuff, and although making Droney wasn’t disobeying exactly, he didn’t want his father to be cross.

He didn’t like it when Mr Stark was cross and he hadn’t been since he’d come back to the past and he didn’t want the first time to be today. He was trying to help, and trying to keep his Dad safe. He knew it was silly, knew his father had never sneered at something he’d made, had always been encouraging and kind and proud, but that didn’t stop the nagging voice in the back of his head.

He wanted his Dad to like it, wanted him to be proud and pleased, but he couldn’t quite silence the voice that said he wouldn’t.

“Master Peter?” The AI’s concerned query broke into his spiralling thoughts, “You have been standing in front of the door for the last five minutes and Sir is beginning to get concerned.”

Peter swallowed, “Do you think he’ll like Droney Mr Jarvis?”

There was a short pause before the AI answered, but when he did his voice was kind, “All the data I possess indicates that Sir will like anything you give him Master Peter.”

Tony was in the process of pulling up the schematics for Mark III when a quiet knock on the door intruded into his awareness. He turned towards it, a frown beginning to form on his face. The only other person in the house was Peter, and he hadn’t knocked since the first few days he’d been here.

His sense of unease flared sharply as the boy entered, hands hidden behind his back, a nervous cast to his face. Everything had been slightly off since Peter had overslept this morning, and seeing his son nervous now only reinforced that impression.

He crossed the space between them in five quick strides.

“Peter, kiddo?” He asked as he got closer, worry staining his voice. “What’s wrong?”

Peter shifted from side to side, a mixed looked of trepidation and anticipation clear on his face, and Tony felt himself relax slightly. It was a look he’d seen on Morgan’s face before, normally when she’d done something she wasn’t supposed to, or accidentally-on-purpose broken something.

A quick scrutinising glance revealed that Peter didn’t appear to be injured, and another sliver of worry evaporated, however there was still a coil of nervousness in his gut. Peter was looking far too shifty for parental alarm bells to stop clanging.

“I made you something.” Peter was determinedly not meeting his eyes, and Tony felt curiosity start to replace the worry. “Mr Jarvis helped me plan it, and then Mr Rhodey helped me test it, and I know you said you didn’t want me being Spiderman and this isn’t a Spiderman thing, but it’s related to Iron Man because I don’t want you to get hurt and you don’t have any back up so…”

“Breathe Peter,” Tony interrupted firmly, reaching out to lay a grounding hand on the boy’s shoulder, and his son’s mouth snapped shut, a blush beginning to darken his cheeks.

“May I see it?” He requested quietly. He’d got the main gist of Peter’s intentions in his son’s babble, but it would be far easier if he could actually see the contraption.

Peter’s blush darkened but he obliged, shifting until a small robot was presented for Tony’s inspection.

Gently Tony reached out and took the robot, turning it over carefully in his hands as he examined the mechanisms. Peter’s rambling explanation had told him that this was something related to Iron Man and he could already see how it would be able to fly, and the parts that would enable it to burrow underground.

It was an impressive robot, particularly given Peter had managed to keep its specifics mostly secret, and had done this entirely without his help. 

“It looks wonderful kiddo,” he said quietly, sincerity coating the words. “Care to demonstrate how it works?”

At his question, Tony saw Peter relax, and he smiled reassuringly at the boy, letting his pride shine through his expression even as his heart clenched slightly at the idea that his son had been nervous about showing him his work. He was not Howard, and he would make sure he never gave Peter a reason to be nervous about showing Tony what he'd made.

The boy relaxed further when he caught sight of the smile, and tucked himself up against Tony’s side, reaching out to place the robot on the work-bench.

“Droney has two modes,” the boy announced, and Tony carefully supressed the chuckle that threatened to bubble up at the name. “Firstly, flight and reconnaissance. Mr Jarvis could you activate him please?”

“Certainly, Master Peter.”

Tony watched carefully as Peter put the robot through its paces, a proud smile growing on his face. It was a very clever device and he could immediately see several uses for it, particularly when he had missions that required him to deal with cave complexes or fighting inside buildings.

He had to hide his wince when Peter explained the burrowing feature, and the purpose it served. The incident with the Vulture was something Tony had regretted for years, particularly given it was his fault his child had ended up underneath a collapsed building with no way to call for help. Despite Peter’s denials, it was obvious the incident had left scars, and the initial purposes he’d chosen for Droney was yet more evidence of that.

Tony swallowed back the old familiar pain and guilt, letting his pride and amazement surge forward. Now was not the time to rehash the Vulture Incident again.

“It’s brilliant Peter,” he said quietly and the boy beamed, all traces of nervousness vanishing.

“Droney’s only the first,” he said eagerly, “I’ve got loads more ideas, and they’ll all help you stay safe.”

Tony reached out and rested his hand on Peter’s shoulder, tugging the boy into a loose embrace, “Will you let me help you with them buddy?” He asked, “Between the two of us, I’m sure we can come up with something spectacular.”

Peter grinned in response, nodding so vigorously Tony was half worried that he’d actually damage his neck.

“Mr Jarvis has helped me with them too,” he said, words tumbling over themselves in his excitement, “He’s saved all the plans and I was thinking of making a first aid drone next, so that Mr Jarvis would be able to help you if you did get injured.”

Tony listened carefully as Peter continued to talk, sketching his ideas out on the hologram in front of him. It was an excellent idea but why stop there? He continued to think even as he and Peter started work on a prototype for the medical drone.

After the Invasion of New York he’d realised they’d been ridiculously outgunned and he’d made the Iron Legion in response. Completely under Jarvis’s control, they had possessed a substantial amount of firepower and had been invaluable in both safeguarding and evacuating civilians. Ultron usurping them, and his destructive rampage had put an end to it, but that was something he could easily avoid this time.

Ultron was a program he would never start to write, and wouldn’t have originally come online the first time if it hadn’t been for the interference of the mind stone. That would be easy enough to avoid this time, and in the meantime, the Iron Legion would be invaluable.

He’d not considered making models with different purposes though. That bit of genius was all Peter’s.

Tony could already see the different types of suit he could create, firstly ones that were the simple foot-soldiers of the army. Those would be back-up firepower, and help him deal with multiple threats at once. Medical specific suits would be an immense help when he and civilians inevitably got hurt. Then he could build on the idea of Droney and make search-and-rescue suits for moving debris and rescuing people trapped beneath, and then individual surveillance and reconnaissance drones.

He’d need another AI though.

Jarvis was brilliant, and immensely capable however, it became a question of scale and divergent paths. Jarvis was a learning algorithm, and whilst he was capable of splitting into multiple instances and recombining, splitting into too many at once made it far harder to recombine.

If they were deployed locally, it wasn’t as much of an issue, Jarvis could control the suits centrally, without the need to split into separate instances, and he’d done so during the Mandarin attack. The Sokovia mission had been bad – operating the suits over four thousand miles from the main servers had been a strain, the 0.02s travel time in signals proving difficult to manage, any further than that was impossible.

Tony was well aware that Jarvis split into two instances during the Afghanistan missions, but that was manageable. Splitting into fifty, or a hundred or more and with major differences in the functionality and purposes of individuals, well that was asking for trouble.

The best solution was an AI for the Iron Legion itself.

He’d done AIs on small scales before, Karen being the prime example. If the AI was based out of the suits, had all its processing power included within the Iron Legion itself, only keeping backups on a central server, distance wouldn’t be an issue.

A single AI could control any number of suits in a given area, and whilst they wouldn’t have the same capabilities as Jarvis they didn’t need to. They needed to be able to accurately carry out their mission, with a minimum of casualties and saving as many as they could. He would have to model them off a swarm intelligence, to ensure the loss of a given suit didn't effect the capabilities of the whole, and similiarly, each suit would need to be capable of functioning independently from the group. It would be an interesting problem.

For a moment his thoughts turned towards Friday, but he discarded that thought almost immediately. He could not remember all the details of her code, and controlling the Iron Legion would be a downgrade in her capabilities. She also would not, could not be the same AI, not without the same scenarios, without the same learning opportunities.

It would not be fair to the new AI to be held up to the ghost of an AI that was dead. He would not do that to his flesh and blood children, so why would he do it to his electronic children? No, he couldn’t recreate Friday, but he could mourn his creation, and tell Jarvis of the little sister he would never meet.

He’d taught Friday of Jarvis after all.
Notes:

    Good afternoon/morning depending on your time zone - I hope you all enjoyed it.

    Sorry to disappoint anyone who was expecting Friday to turn up - and I know I've said contradictory things in replies to earlier comments before I'd full thought this through, however I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that it simply won't be possible to recreate Friday - see the reasons stated above. We will get a new AI for the Iron Legion though - any name or acronym suggestions welcome - I'm not good at thinking up clever acronyms!

    On a happier note - Droney is done and I hope you liked the interactions between Peter and Tony. We'll be seeing a bit from May and Pepper's perspectives next chapter, and then, completely by chance this fic is actually going to nearly match up with real time! Father's Day in the real world should roughly coincide with Father's Day for Tony and Peter (give or take a couple of weeks) - so you've got that to look forward too as well.

    Thanks again for comments, kudos etc and see you next week.

Chapter 34: Chapter 33
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

May drummed her fingers lightly against the wooden armrests of the chair. She had originally intended to call Stark a few days after he and Peter had visited but even within a residential care facility it had been impossible to miss the news.

The headlines had been screaming for the past few days about Obadiah Stane’s treachery, and the video that had been shown on every TV channel was horrific. May had felt her respect for Stark rise as she saw that, the fact the man had escaped as unscathed as he appeared was remarkable, but regardless of how impressive his survival was, or how good his therapists were, she doubted these last few days would have been easy.

Given that, the extra stress of discussing whatever was wrong with Peter would not have been helpful. She’d been a nurse for long enough to know that trauma was unpredictable, and that all too often it wasn’t a single large thing that set it off, but rather the accumulation of a myriad of smaller and larger things piling up until the whole painstakingly built house of cards collapsed.

As much as she yearned to know what was wrong with her nephew, why the boy had been so jittery and withdrawn, she knew the issue wasn’t urgent. Whatever was wrong with Peter wouldn’t be fixed immediately or quickly, emotional wounds always took longer to heal than physical ones, so a few days delay wouldn’t make a difference there.

It could make a difference to Stark however, and whilst she wasn’t sure if she liked the man yet, it was obvious Peter loved him, and she had no desire to cause him unnecessary stress and pain. However, it was just over five days since the news had originally broken, and she wasn’t going to put it off any longer.

Something was wrong with Peter, and Stark knew or suspected something.

There were several possibilities, all of different shades of horrifying and centring around those hours in which Peter was missing, and the accident itself. So many things could have gone wrong with a missing child, and she was well aware that they had been lucky. But she couldn’t help, couldn’t work out what to do if she didn’t know what was wrong.

Her fingers tapped impatiently as she waited for the call to connect. It would be early in the morning for Stark she knew, but from what she’d seen the man didn’t keep regular hours, and by his own admission it was the best time to speak to him without Peter’s presence.

She blew out a breath as the call connected, the now familiar visage of Stark, and a room she presumed was some sort of garage or workshop appearing on the screen.

“Good morning May,” he greeted genially, “To what do I owe the pleasure?”

She returned the greeting politely, scanning his face for any hint of stress. There was nothing she could immediately detect, but she wasn’t certain she would be able to in any case, she did not yet know the man well, and he’d lived a very public life for years. However, in the absence of any obvious stress, she would get her answers.

“What’s wrong with Peter?” She asked bluntly. There was no point in dodging the topic, and most of her reserves of patience were spent dealing with the glacially slow progress of her recovery.

“What have you noticed?” He replied with another question, and a curl of irritation rose in her gut at the dodge.

“Does that matter?” She asked, unable and unwilling to keep all the bite out of her voice, “I know something is wrong with my nephew, and you know something about it Stark.”

The man sighed, something dark and painful flashing across his face. “There is something wrong May,” he acknowledged quietly, “But I cannot even begin to explain what unless I know what you think you already know.”

That logic was not unreasonable.

“He was tense when you visited,” she offered slowly, “And was uncomfortable, and almost nervous around me. That’s not normal behaviour, and I can’t explain it.” Her voice turned slightly accusing then, for all that she tried to damp down her hurt and jealousy, “You anticipated it, could comfort him when I couldn’t and for that I'm grateful, but I've no idea why it was even necessary in the first place.”

“You’re right,” Stark replied simply, and she could detect no trace of artifice in his voice, “As you pointed out, that isn’t normal behaviour for the Peter you know.”

There was something odd about those words, a slight emphasis that felt out of place, but she didn’t have time to muse further on it as Stark continued.

“He’s hurting, and it’s related to the events surrounding your accident and his subsequent disappearance, but,” his face darkened then, and May could almost see the pain leaking through the edges of his mask, “It isn’t a story that I can tell you over a video-call.”

She raised a single eyebrow in response. “Why not?” She asked simply.

The man blew out a breath, and when he faced her again, she could clearly read the regret and determination in his face.

“It would endanger Peter,” he replied bluntly, “It’s a long story, and a difficult one and I cannot guarantee this line, or indeed your facility are secure.”

That had been the last thing she had expected to come out of Stark’s mouth. An excuse perhaps, a plea about complexity, or simply insufficient time, but endangering Peter? Her mind immediately darted through possibilities, had Peter’s disappearance had something more sinister behind it? Had it been a kidnapping, or child trafficking ring or some other criminal activity that Peter now needed to be shielded from?

There were too many possibilities and she didn’t have even enough information to know what the right questions were to ask. However, Peter’s safety was her priority and that prompted her next question.

“Is Peter in immediate danger?”

“No.” Stark’s response was swift and instant, with a firmness that was reassuring. “It’s more that he now knows information that would be very dangerous in the wrong hands, and that certain individuals would be interested in acquiring if they were to learn he had said information.”

Well, that was less horrific than she had feared, and also somewhat reassuring. It sounded that during the course of the period he was missing Peter had witnessed something and that information now needed to be protected. Ben had talked about the steps the police took to protect witness before and these sorts of restrictions sounded familiar. And she was so very grateful it did not sound like any of her darker imaginings had occurred.

She was suddenly very glad Peter was in Malibu. She had resented it when she had first heard, but if Peter had been a witness to a criminal act of such seriousness knowing about it would put him in danger, she was glad he was on the opposite side of the country behind the best security a billionaire could buy.

However, regardless of the fact she could roughly construct a plausible series of events, she needed to know what had actually happened if she was to parent Peter properly.

“How can you tell me that information then?” She enquired. A video-call might be insecure but Stark was known as a genius so finding a solution should not be beyond him.

May didn’t miss the way Stark relaxed slightly at her question.

“How would you feel about a trip to Malibu in the near future May? Ben should be well enough to travel in a week or so, and I’d be happy to host you both for a few days.”

May was silent for a few minutes as she mulled over the offer.  Her initial instinct was to say yes but she tamped down that impulse and forced herself to look at the situation logically.

Medically there wasn’t an issue, neither she nor Ben were on the sorts of medication that would leave them unfit for travel. The fact they were both in residential care reflected the fact that there was still physical and mental therapy they needed to regain as much functionality as possible, and that they were still incapable of performing a myriad of basic tasks. That was something they would be able to deal with, provided Stark could arrange for the appropriate help.

She did want to spend more time with Peter, and it would be helpful to spend more time with Stark, to get a better feel for the man who was likely to be a major part of their lives going forward. It would also be useful to see them interacting in Stark’s own private spaces. She still wasn’t wholly convinced she should be allowing Stark’s request for joint custody to go unchallenged, and getting to know him better would help her to make up her mind on that front.

It would also be helpful to have Ben’s input. Despite the difficulties he was still having, his mental faculties were slowly returning, and it didn’t feel right to make such a major decision without his input. They’d been married for nearly ten years now, and during that time they had made decisions collaboratively, and frankly with his police training he might spot something she had missed.

And she’d missed him.

Video calls were wonderful but they only helped so much and despite the hustle and bustle of the residential unit she was lonely. She missed her husband, missed his quiet deadpan wit, missed long evening conversations and missed his embrace. The opportunity to spend some time with him in the midst of a separation that was likely to last for months was a precious one.

Her decision made she turned back to Stark, “We’d both need a relatively high level of help,” she cautioned him, “But otherwise, I think that’s a lovely idea.”

Stark smiled back at her, the expression softening his face, “That’s fine May – I can have a chat with both hospitals, and I’ll make sure you have everything you need. How about the weekend of the 27th? That gives Ben just under another two weeks of recovery time, and you can make a long weekend of it.”

May thought through it for a few seconds before nodding in agreement.

“That sounds wonderful Tony. Will you be communicating with Ben or should I?”

“Perhaps we both should?” He suggested quickly, and May grimaced slightly before agreeing. Ben’s memory was recovering but more reminders would only help.

The rest of the conversation descended into pleasantries, and soon after they finished.

As she was wheeled away for the second physical therapy session of the morning May’s thoughts continued to turn. She’d learnt both a lot and very little, and there were enough tantalising clues to keep her imagination occupied for the next ten days.

She had to stave off her worry and curiosity for just ten days, and then she’d be able to see and speak with Peter and finally discover what had hurt her nephew.

Pepper swallowed back the nausea and refocussed her attention on the screen. True to her predictions, the morning sickness had struck right on schedule, starting on Friday morning.

“Another ginger tea Miss Potts?” Her ever-observant secretary offered, eyeing Pepper with a degree of concern that wasn’t unwarranted given she had already thrown up once today.

“Thank you Emily, that would be wonderful.” She replied, letting her gratitude bleed through into her voice. Her secretary just nodded, disapproval mixed with approval on her face and Pepper offered a wan smile in response.

She was aware of Emily’s opinion that she should have gone home after she had been ill initially, however, Pepper had lived through this once before, and was aware of both what would actually help, and what would aggravate it. She was also aware that there was so much going on, it wouldn’t be worth the hassle to take any leave for a condition that wasn’t actually an illness or serious, there was simply far too much she needed to get done, and she needed to have everything ready when she would have to be off for the actual birth and the weeks immediately afterwards.

It was a pity she was not fond of the taste of ginger tea.

Still, it did settle her stomach and she sipped it grimly as she considered their next steps.

The Stane situation had proceeded as expected, with the first judge refusing to grant him bail. Given the charges he was facing, that wasn’t unexpected, however it was a relief to know that the man was being held securely, with only very limited contact with the outside world, mainly through his lawyer.

The press had not remained kind, however, that too was not unusual. Empathy was always in short supply in the tabloids, and any points the hostage videos had won had quickly been spent. That didn’t matter as much though, as with any story it was the immediate headlines that set the tone, and those had been supportive.

The PR team were monitoring the situation, but individual negative editorials or opinion pieces didn’t matter unless they crossed the line into defamation, and their lawyers were more than competent to deal with that problem. Anyway, the news cycle never remained fixed on a single issue for long, and after the first flurry of stories interest was dying down.

Stocks too had begun to rebound. They had plunged on Wednesday morning, but now five days later they were beginning to recover, and the new prosthetics range they had announced to shareholders today should help it recover faster.  Again, it was something to keep an eye on, but as long as it continued to slowly rise she wouldn’t be too worried.

In the meantime, she had other projects to focus on.

The conversation, first with James, and then separately with Tony for those topics which Rhodey still needed deniability over had been both timely and useful. There was nothing she could do to speed up the construction of Stark Tower itself, they were already pushing the abilities of their contractors to the limit, but the Compound had moved up on the priority list.

Shield was demonstrating a more active tendency to meddle, and thus they needed to have that space running by the time they had the first enhanced members. They also needed to have the legalities firmly in place.

The simplest solution was to first form the ‘Avengers’ as a private military contractor, and emergency services provider. The laws governing such activities were well known and tested, and it would ensure that they had a degree of legal protection and accountability that would help blunt the likelihood of another Accords document or power grab by certain senators.

They would need to be a separate company to Stark Industries, legally it wasn’t worth risking the main business by direct legal association, but that didn’t mean it would be out of her, or Tony’s control. There was a long-established precedent that a single person could be the CEO, or on the board of multiple companies, without those companies having any overlapping legal responsibilities.

It would be trivial enough to set up and justify to the Board, particularly given the recent revelations about Stane and the mis-sold weaponry. Getting rid of those would be their first job, and then she could explore other avenues.

The Avengers had only been a small subset of the enhanced population after-all. Spiderman had not been the only vigilante in New York, and other major cities often had one or two as well. They would need to form contracts with individual cities, with some agreed operating rules, but that could be managed, and then the company would use the Compound as a central hub.

It would need medical and training facilities as well as living facilities. Some of the team members would live and work directly out of the Compound, whilst for others it would simply be a location they could return to for medical treatment, replacement equipment and training.

Even that would be extremely useful for many of the vigilantes and part-time heroes she knew Tony intended to recruit. It was very difficult for an enhanced or mutated individual to access proper medical care, particularly given that most facilities didn’t have the equipment to treat them, and there was the permanent worry that their identities could be exposed, or that it would put them on the radar of the more unsavoury individuals.

Equipment and training would also make a major difference. She’d seen that first hand with Peter, and the resources they could bring to bear were orders of magnitude greater than others could.

Training similarly had multifaceted uses. It would allow the enhanced members to receive support in developing a range of skills, and it would let them practice working together in actual teams, thus leaving the world in a far better place when the inevitable threats came.

Pepper frowned to herself as she turned her mind towards more detailed plans. Tony was handling the personnel side, with his current search for Banner, and his plans to start a mission to locate Rogers, so it was left to her to ensure that the facilities were in place and ready.

Thankfully, unlike a skyscraper, a simple two or three storey complex would only take a few months to build, particularly given it was early summer and hence the weather was likely to be more clement.

Grimacing she took another sip of the ginger tea, willing her stomach to settle.

The fact that she was pregnant with Morgan was a miracle and she was so very, very grateful that she hadn’t lost her daughter. Going through the pregnancy once again was a cheap price to pay for such a miracle.

Still - she rose quickly to her feet and headed for the adjoining bathroom as her stomach rebelled - a cheap price or not, that didn’t mean she had to enjoy the experience!
Notes:

    Hello again, I hope you all enjoyed the chapter.

    Firstly I want to say thank you for all the wonderful suggestions for names for the new AI. It'll be several chapters at least before they appear but you've given me some excellent names to chose from.

    I hope you enjoyed May and Pepper's perspective this chapter - it's mainly laying the groundwork for future plot, and don't worry there will be more fluff to come in later chapters. I also had to read far too many dry legal things for Pepper's section. American corporate law was not something I ever thought I'd be looking up, similiarly, I never expected to be looking up the legalities surrounding private military contractors, which I was suprised to discover were an actual thing in the US. Their legal system is definitely a deep, dark rabbit hole that I hopefully will not have to brave again soon.

    I hope you all enjoyed it, and see you all next week.

Chapter 35: Chapter 34
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter carefully checked the corridor behind him before slipping into his room. He knew his father was still down in the workshop, working on a set of SI projects that looked like they were some form of prosthetic, but it didn’t hurt to be thorough.

“Can you let me know when Dad comes up to this floor please Mr Jarvis?” He requested politely.

“Certainly Master Peter,” the AI replied, warmth in his voice and Peter smiled. Between his hearing, the fact that his father easily got caught up in his projects and the warning the AI would give him, it was highly unlikely that his father would be able to sneak up and surprise him.

That meant he could actually start to work on his Father’s Day gift.

The 21st of June had managed to sneak up on him in all the chaos of Shield and then making Droney, and expanding that idea into a whole series of specialised Iron Man suits with his father. It was now the 16th and he hadn’t even started working on it, and it was so difficult to find a time when he wasn’t with his Dad.

Most of the time he loved that. He had a father, a dad, that was here, that was around, who could keep up with everything he did and then challenge him further, who gave him time, and hugs and kisses and made him feel so very loved.

It wasn’t as if the sensation was new exactly; his Aunt and Uncle loved him fiercely and had never been shy about showing it, but there was still something special about having a parent, not a guardian. It helped fill the aching void that had been a part of him for so long that he’d almost forgotten it existed, the void that whispered “but you aren’t really theirs, you don’t belong here.”

He knew the doubts were wrong, knew his Aunt and Uncle wouldn’t hand him back but that had never stopped the tiny little voice that reminded him that he was just a nephew, a burden that they’d never asked for and been given anyway.

And Aunt May would have been so angry to hear him think like that.  

She would have hated to know that he didn’t think he belonged, that even for a second he doubted that he was welcome, and loved and part of their family. She’d always tried so hard to ensure that he was welcome, that he knew he was loved and that it was his home, and they were his, and Uncle Ben had too.

But those doubts were part of him, had been part of him for almost as long as he could remember. He could hardly remember the two weeks he’d spent in foster care whilst all the legalities were finalised, but their impact hadn’t left. It was still there, carved into the lines of doubts that threaded through him.

And those doubts had never been easier to pacify.

Having a father, a father by blood, where he belonged, where he had to belong because blood and DNA didn’t lie made it so much easier to calm the voice that whispered that he didn’t belong because he could prove he did. It didn’t silence everything of course, no single event or revelation, no matter how momentous, could silence a lifetime of insidious doubt and pain but it was a start.

It was more of a start than he’d ever thought he’d get after Ben’s death.

Peter shook himself, refocusing. He had a job to do and he couldn’t afford to waste the precious minutes he’d managed to find. And those thoughts were going to make him sad, and if he got upset then Mr Jarvis would have to notify his Dad and then his father would stop what he was doing and come up to see if he was alright and Peter would have lost his chance to actually make his Father’s Day gift.

He glanced around once again, even though he knew Mr Stark would not have appeared in the last two minutes without Mr Jarvis giving him a warning. Unsurprisingly the coast was clear, but Peter darted over and shut his bedroom door before he carefully extracted the box he’d hidden underneath the spare blankets in the bottom of his wardrobe.

The next thing he needed was the photo-album Miss Potts had bought for him a few days ago, and that too was soon liberated from its separate hiding place underneath his bed. Materials assembled, Peter started to sort through all the photographs he had, selecting the best ones and inserting them in place.

He’d collected these when they’d gone back to the apartment, and then Mr Jarvis had made and printed a set of copies for him so he wouldn’t give away any of the photos his Aunt and Uncle had in their own albums. It would be an album completely made up from photos of when he was little, and as he grew up, and he'd come up with the idea quite deliberately. His father got sad sometimes, and hopefully this would help.

He’d first noticed it when he was grown-up, in the future that hadn’t happened yet. Mr Stark got wistful sometimes, the sort of quiet sadness Peter recognised. It was the sort of sadness the struck when you were missing something that you had no way of getting back.

Peter didn’t know what caused most of that sadness, there were lots of things in his father’s life that had hurt him, or that he could be missing but he’d seen Mr Stark go into that mood sometimes when the discussion turned towards Peter’s childhood.

It had taken him a while to work it out, but then he’d seen Aunt May with a similar expression once, wistfulness mixed with pride as he told her about the people he’d helped on patrol that day. She’d told him that it was just hard to see him grow up sometimes, and that she missed the days when he was little. It had still taken time to connect that revelation to Mr Stark, but it made sense when he thought about it.

His father had missed seeing him when he was really little, missed on all the sorts of things normal parents got to see. It wasn’t Papà’s fault of course, he hadn’t known and neither had Peter, but the boy knew his father well enough to know that the man would feel guilty. He hoped the photos would help fill in the gaps of the things his father had missed and Peter would keep working on the guilt.

That would take years but he wasn’t going to stop until his father stopped feeling guilty, and really believed that he deserved to be loved.

In the meantime though, he had a gift to make. Having both his birthday and Father’s Day within a month wasn’t fair. It was hard enough to come up with one good gift idea, let alone two!

Tony hummed along absent-mindedly to the melody as Back in Black played over the lab speakers. He rarely had his music on this loud anymore, it was far too loud for Peter’s sensitive hearing, and the boy had been working with him in the lab most days, but with the boy safety upstairs, the thick concrete would dull the sound enough that it wouldn’t annoy him.

He hadn’t been surprised when Peter had started to get twitchy early in the afternoon. They had spent a large portion of the last few days working on the first prototypes of the Iron Legion, and despite how fascinating his son found the process, he was only seven and there was a limit to how long he could work on a single project.

Tony had been the one to suggest that Peter take a break from the lab, the presence of lego and drawing supplies in the boy’s desk could only do so much, and the boy had taken the opportunity. Ideally Tony would have joined him, but he had been putting off the SI work in favour of getting the Iron Legion properly started, and although the schematics were not difficult to put together they still needed time.

That in itself was not necessarily a problem. Tony knew he could procrastinate with the best of them, and spending time with his son was an excellent reason to avoid work, but given the current limitations in the production capacities of his factories, if they wanted to meet their first contracts, the schematics needed to be finished and dispatched to the factories by 5pm today.

Thankfully, he was nearly done, and he should be able to make the deadline with a little time to spare. He would need to think through his schedule going forward however. This was far from the only SI project he’d been neglecting, and there would be other times when he was actually required in the office, or needed to travel.

It probably wasn’t healthy for Peter to spend all his time with Tony either. Children needed friends their own age, and to spend time away from their parents and the fact they’d time-travelled didn’t negate that. Tony sighed softly, letting part of his mind turn over the problem, even as he maintained his focus on the prosthetic schematics.

Malibu was working well for now, as both a home and a bolthole, but it wouldn’t last beyond the summer. They were too far removed from the people and places Peter knew, and over the long term he would need to be within range of May and Ben. Tony wasn’t sure whether Peter had already met his friend Ned at this point, but if he had, that would also be a friendship worth conserving. The boy had stuck by Peter through all his Spiderman exploits and was able to hack into Stark tech at fifteen which indicated he was also hiding a remarkable mind. A friendship with someone on a similar enough intellectual level, who was also Peter's own age would be invaluable.

School was the second issue. They’d been able to avoid any issues with the end of the semester, but that wouldn’t hold come September. However, Tony was certain that Peter would no longer fit into normal school, even if the school was aimed at high-achievers.

Going back to Grade 3 material when he’d been at the start of his Junior Year would be a recipe for disaster. Peter certainly didn’t remember or know everything he had at sixteen, however he retained a sizable portion of it and that would be more than enough to make him utterly bored. Even without that, Peter was a genius, and he knew his son had already been bored the first-time round, so this time would be worse.

Tony also knew from bitter experience that boredom and a genius intellect were a very poor combination, particularly in the rigid hierarchical nature of a school. In the best-case scenario, it ended with even the most well-meaning teachers alienated and struggling to deal with Peter, and in the worst, it ended in explosions, both literally and socially.

Home-schooling was the best way out of that hole, but that came with its own set of issues. Firstly, finding trust-worthy tutors for the subjects Tony was not best equipped for, or didn’t have time to teach. He’d have to work out exactly where Peter was in all of his subjects, but all that would require was a large stack of placement tests and a couple of days, though it was something he’d best set up sooner rather than later. Interviewing and doing thorough background security checks took time.

Secondly there was the socialisation aspect, Peter needed friends and home-schooling would isolate him.

Having Morgan as a sibling would only soften the blow slightly, as she would be too young to be a meaningful friend for several years yet. Tony would need to find a way to ensure that Peter was able to maintain his existing friendships or make new ones.

Clubs and extra-curricular activities might be the way to deal with that. He had enough money it should be easy enough to persuade a school to take Peter as a student simply for the extra-curriculars he was interested in, and there were plenty of activities that took place beyond schools. Happy would have to play bodyguard, and he’d need to register Peter under the name Parker to avoid unwanted attention but it was doable.

“Send those to the factory Jarvis,” he instructed, finger’s flicking the holograms closed.

There were definite benefits to being a genius, and multi-tasking was only one of them. “What’s Peter up to J?” He asked next.

“Young Sir is currently working on a project in his room,” The AI replied, “I believe he will need approximately another forty-five minutes to finish it, and he wishes to keep the contents of the project a surprise.”

Tony smiled at that, though parental intuition prompted him to ask, “Is he working on anything dangerous?”

“No Sir,” Jarvis’ voice came reassuringly from the speakers, “The most dangerous implement he is using is a pair of scissors.”

Tony’s smile turned indulgent. “Let me know when he’s done, or if it becomes dangerous Jarvis.” He instructed. As much as he was curious about whatever Peter was working on, he’d learnt that it was important that children had space to explore and create unhindered by parental influence. Jarvis would let him know if Peter was in trouble, and there was plenty to do in the interim.

Firstly, regardless of precisely what they decided to do in September, they would need a base in New York and it would be roughly two years before the Tower was ready. He already had a penthouse there, but that was more of a bachelor pad than anything else, and certainly wasn’t a suitable family home with space for two growing children.

Still, there was no need to do all the legwork himself. A few minutes later, and Jarvis had a detailed list of all the features he was looking for, and Tony would have a list to look through within a few hours.

That was the simple job. The next would not be so straight forward.

Steven Grant Rogers.

The bitter, vicious part of Tony didn’t want to deal with him, and there was a corner of his heart that would be quite happy if he stayed lost in the ocean. A Steve that was still frozen in ice couldn’t hurt him, couldn’t betray him.

He’d never been good at forgiveness, and it wasn’t as if he’d interacted with the man for any length of time after Siberia. After Titan he’d been too lost in his grief to care about the super solider who wisely stayed out of his way after their explosive encounters immediately after he'd returned. Then he’d had Morgan and he hadn’t spoken to the soldier again for years until they came to him with a daring and mad plan that actually worked.

For all that he'd employed a therapist in the aftermath of the Snap, he'd still mainly dealt with the trauma of Siberia in the same way he’d always done, burying it down deeply and hoping he could ignore it enough until it went away. And with Peter’s ashes coating his hands, his nightmares of a vibranium shield and ice were replaced with blood red skies and a child’s plea.

But now he needed to deal with the super-solider and the old, unresolved trauma swirled up, bitter and sharp.

He knew it wasn’t fair.

He knew that the Steve Rogers asleep in the ice wasn’t the same man that had hidden his parent’s murder from him, and would never get the chance to. That man had committed no crime, hadn’t betrayed him, and could not be judged for actions he had yet to take. For all he was the same man, he hadn’t yet had the experiences the Steve Tony had known did, and frankly was still the young soldier who had sacrificed himself over seventy years ago.

He was also someone Tony did not want to fall into the hands of Shield once again. Whilst many of the super-soldier’s mistakes were his own, Shield’s handling of the matter hadn’t helped. Tony was certain that the initial dossier Steve had been given about him had been decidedly slanted, and then the help he’d been given to reintegrate into modern society had been pitiful.

Tony hadn’t realised just far out of his depth the Captain was until the Accords fiasco, and so much could have been avoided if the man had received proper support and education. He needed a therapist for one, and a detailed education program on everything from modern history, to technology to social customs and culture.

Avenger’s movie nights, and a discovery road trip through the USA were an incredibly poor substitute for a tailored, specific program that would fix the gaps in his knowledge.

No, Tony could do far better than Shield, and maybe with the proper handling and support, Steven Rogers could become a person he could trust to have his back on the battlefield once again.

That meant Tony had to make sure he found him first.

In the previous timeline, Shield had found Steve in roughly a year’s time completely by accident. Tony could do better than that. He knew nearly exactly where the Valkyrie had been found, having been darkly amused that his father’s searches had been so close, and yet had failed every single time.

He’d need to be quick though. Already he knew they were making changes, and the more they changed, the less accurate his future knowledge became. Shield might have found him in 2010 last time, but that wasn’t guaranteed this time round – it could be earlier or it could never happen, but he couldn’t take the chance that they’d get there first.

That didn’t mean that his future knowledge wasn’t useful. He knew about the existence of wizards, Asgard and Barnes, the approximate current location of three Infinity Stones, the fact Thanos was searching for them and that they’d need to be ready, and that was just the start. He still possessed skills and knowledge, he just had to avoid falling into the trap of expecting that external events would occur in the same ways and times.

However, given they weren’t currently searching he had a window of opportunity to exploit. He would have to be careful to ensure that it didn’t end up on Shield’s radar until he was ready, and the discovery of a super-soldier would be something they, and the US government would want to meddle in.

Jarvis would be an immense help there. The infiltration of Shield’s systems was proceeding as planned, and it would only be a few more days until the AI had nearly full access. It should be simple enough to just distract them. Nothing obvious, just a report misfiled, a slight bit of random noise on a satellite feed in just the right place, at just the right time, an unfortunate loss of signal at a particular port and a single boat could make it out into the arctic circle and return with its cargo.

Then the hard work would begin.

“Sir, Master Peter has completed his project.”

Tony smiled up at the camera, stretching as he stood. “Thanks Jarvis.”

He would worry about Steve when the man was defrosting on Stark Industries property, in the meantime he had a son to play with.
Notes:

    Hello all!

    I know the chapter is slightly late today but I hope you enjoyed it nevertheless.

    So we've got father's day coming up - and in a nice quirk of fate, it's only a couple of weeks behind the actual father's day (which is an utter coincidence, albeit a nice one). I hope you like Peter's idea and his sneaky (ish) behaviour.

    We've got a bit of plot building as well - setting up plans for what's likely to happen in the coming months, and Tony's plans vs Pepper's that we saw last chapter. I hope Tony's views on Steve seem reasonable. I am not going to take this fic in a bashing direction - however, I'm also not going to ignore the events of civil war, and the fact that Tony was badly hurt by those events. The relationships between the members of the original avengers team will change, and grow and evolve over the course of this fic (and as they appear).

    See you next Saturday!

Chapter 36: Chapter 35
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“You wanted to see me Boss?”

Happy kept the question simple and straightforward despite the trepidation that curled in his gut. The last time Tony had summoned him like this the man had introduced him to his son, given him a new job, said he was now a cyborg out of medical necessity and revealed that he was the vigilante striking fear into terrorist groups across Afghanistan.

The insanity levels hadn’t decreased in the following weeks.

An attempted home invasion, the capture and unmasking of a traitor in the heart of Stark Industries and a second home invasion. Not to mention all the headaches that unravelling Stane’s operations was becoming.

Jarvis was a lifesaver, but the work could be tedious and difficult. It was decidedly not what Happy had in mind when he took the job. He’d been expecting to be the bodyguard to a kid, and to run the security for the offices and events, not running an internal police force inside SI.

Still, despite its challenges the work was remarkably rewarding, and he took a certain amount of satisfaction in handing over the rats Stane had left in place to the FBI. He hadn’t been able to help his friend in Afghanistan, but he could damn well make sure that it wasn’t a situation that was repeated. He was not going to allow another backstabbing traitor to get near to Tony again.

More complications were not what he needed right now, but as he took in the expression of concealed nervousness and glee on his Boss’ face, and noted the fact Miss Potts was also in the room, he knew he wasn’t going to get away that lightly.

“Relax Hogan,” for all its sharpness the instruction wasn’t unkind. “I know that expression and I have no intention of making your life any harder today.” Tony inclined his head in the direction of the coffee machine as he spoke.

“That would be the first time Boss.” The reply was dry, but Happy accepted the wordless offer of a coffee, moving to select his preferred blend.

Tony barked a laugh at that, conceding the point and Happy took the opportunity to survey the man for any clues. Unfortunately, although he had over a decade of experience deciphering Tony’s moods, that didn’t tell him what insanity his boss had dreamt up now, although, the fact he wasn’t worried was a good sign.

That meant he was unlikely to have a crisis to deal with, however, even if it was good news, Happy would be willing to bet that his to-do list will have grown significantly by the end of the meeting.

Tony waited until he was settled with his coffee before he spoke.

“Firstly thank you – Jarvis has kept me updated and there’ll be a surprise for you with your next pay-check. On that note the Saints are still your favoured team?”

He paused briefly for Happy’s confirmatory nod before barrelling on. “Well – you already know I’m engaged to Pep here, but we need to talk wedding arrangements.”

Happy could already see where this was going, and frankly although it would be more work, sorting out the security for his friend’s wedding would be something he’d be willing to do, even if the man wasn’t paying him a ridiculous amount of money.

It would be a nightmare keeping the press out, but it would be doable. They’d need a decoy date, and probably a decoy venue too. Everyone involved would need to be vetted thoroughly, and it would probably be simplest to use SI’s current staff and contractors, they at least had already undergone security checks and were bound by NDAs.

He was so caught up in his initial planning that he nearly missed Tony’s next words, and when they registered he shelved his plans and fought to keep his expression impassive.

“It’ll be a small ceremony – close friends and family only – so Peter, Pep’s parents, Rhodey, you and the kid’s Aunt and Uncle perhaps.”

Well, that would be far easier to manage.

Thinking about the logistics also allowed him to keep his expression dignified in the face of the most direct acknowledgement of their friendship he’d ever received, or expected to receive from the man.

He’d always felt being friends with Tony was much like befriending an alley cat. He was skittish, aloof and prone to lashing out if you got too close and you knew not to expect anything more, however if you gained his loyalty, he’d defend you to the death. Direct emotional conversations or acknowledgements were vanishingly rare, and Happy knew better than to mention them when they did occur.

There were only two people in the world that could regularly get Tony Stark to show the gentle parts of his personality and they were his fiancé and son respectively. However, the invitation still required a reply.

“I’m honoured Boss,” he replied sincerely. “When’s the date?”

“July 20th.” Came the reply, and Happy sucked in a surprised breath. That was barely a month away, and weddings, even ones as small as the one they were proposing, were difficult to arrange.

A thought occurred to him suddenly and he squinted at Miss Potts, trying to see if his suspicions were correct. There was one reason that people got married quickly though that was far less common now, not to mention, Tony already had one kid born out of wedlock.

She evidently caught the look and laughed, Tony’s eyes widening for a second before he joined in.

That all but confirmed his theory and then they laid the last of his doubts to rest.

“You’ll be on double bodyguard duty by this time next year.” Tony told him.

“Though,” Pepper threw in, directing a chastising glance at Tony, “That is far from the only reason we want to move quickly. Afghanistan, well, it was illuminating.”

There was an odd emphasis on that sentence, and the hint of a frown touched his lips, but still, regardless of what they weren’t saying, this was good news. Unexpected certainly, but if being kidnapped was the spark that had prompted Tony to be more open to the idea of a family, well, that was one of the few silver linings on an appalling mess of a situation.

Still.

He fixed his employer with a gimlet eye. “I’m a bodyguard not a nursemaid,” he reminded Tony, “Peter is old enough to understand instructions and follow them.” He purposefully ignored the chuckles that his Boss didn’t try to hide, and the wry smile Pepper did conceal, “But I draw the line at babies.”

“And here I thought you were hiding a talent at diaper changing Hap.”

Tony’s only reply was a fierce scowl, and the man laughed, not bothered in the least by the expression.

“In all seriousness though, she’ll need a security detail, same as Peter when she’s older. The defences on the house should suffice until she’s able to walk and that’s a year or two away yet.”

That was a valid point, and something that was in his skill set. Security details and protocols he could manage, a crying baby was completely beyond his experience, and the fact the baby would also be a Stark only magnified the potential for trouble.

“Good morning Master Peter.”

Jarvis’ quiet greeting broke through the haze of sleep and Peter yawned, before suddenly sitting up when he remembered the reason he’d asked the AI to wake him in the first place.

It was Father’s Day.

Excitement thrummed through him. He’d never had a proper Father’s Day, with a living father before. Well, he supposed he had but did it really count if he hadn’t been old enough to actually remember it?

It wasn’t as if he didn’t celebrate Father’s Day exactly, May and Ben had made sure that he had traditions both today, and on Mother’s Day. They always started with a trip to the graveyard, where he’d leave flowers and cards on the graves and then they’d have a picnic in Central Park before doing something as a family.

It was a special day, but it had always had a sad air about it too. He had a wonderful family and loved his Aunt and Uncle tremendously, but he was aware of what was missing, and all the more so on the day that was supposed to be for celebrating the parents you had, not the ones you didn’t have.

He’d always felt slightly out of place at school, listening to the chatter around him and knowing that any card he made was destined for a gravestone, not a living person. He hadn’t made gifts either. Neither Ben or May would accept them, and the graveyard only allowed you to leave cards or flowers. 

But this year was different.

He had a father now, a living, breathing person who he could hug and give a card and a gift and he didn’t need to spend the day wondering whether to be sad or happy and being a confused mixture of both.

“Where’s Papà Mr Jarvis?” He asked quietly, as he slipped out of bed and padded to his wardrobe to retrieve the photo-album.

“Sir is currently in the lab.” The AI replied, “Would you like me to alert him that you are coming?”

Peter shook his head, a pout forming on his lips. He’d wanted to wake his father up like he did on his birthday, but that wouldn’t work now.

But that didn’t mean he couldn’t still surprise him and the pout gradually faded as an idea occurred to him.

“Do you have to tell Dad I’m coming, or can you help me sneak up on him please Mr Jarvis?”

Peter could hear the amusement in Jarvis’ voice as the AI replied. “I can help you with that Young Sir. Do you wish to go down now?”

Peter nodded quickly, scooping up the gift and heading straight for the door. As he approached the lab he slowed down, carefully placing his feet to make the least noise possible. Ahead of him he could hear Mr Jarvis talking with his father, providing the promised distraction, and as he approached the door slid back silently.

Peter’s grin widened as he spotted his father who seemed to be fully occupied with his project, and he covered the remaining distance slowly, making sure that his bare feet made as little noise as possible on the cold concrete.

“Happy Father’s Day!”

There was a clatter as something was dropped, then his father spun round, scooping Peter up into a hug. Giggles burst out as he settled into the hold, clamping his legs around his father’s waist, and they only intensified as tickly kisses were deposited across his face.

“Good morning to you too bug,” his Papà said between kisses, fond amusement laced through every word, “I see you decided to be sneaky today.”

Peter just nodded, still giggling, and his father’s smile widened, before he turned a scrutinising look on the boy. His grip tightened, and Peter felt him shift until the boy was held in a more secure position, as his father let out a soft tsk.

“Let’s get you upstairs, the lab is no place to be in pyjamas and bare feet.”

Even as he was speaking Mr Stark was moving, and although he knew that his father would never let him fall, Peter grasped tightly onto the man’s top with the hand that wasn’t occupied with his father’s present.

It was a very simple top, nothing more than a black tank top, and a quick glance downwards revealed that the man was wearing sweatpants. The hypocrisy was immediately apparent and Peter didn’t hesitate to point it out.

“Why’re you in the lab in pyjamas then?”

A calloused hand ruffled his hair, “Because I’m the adult kiddo, and my pyjamas are also ordinary clothes. I’m wearing shoes as well.”

Peter pouted but the conversation was quickly forgotten as Mr Stark settled them both in his favourite armchair, shifting until they were both comfortable.

“What have you got here then?” He asked quietly, careful fingers tracing over the paper.

“A Father’s Day gift,” Peter murmured, suddenly bashful. He’d never done this before and although he knew that his Papà had liked his birthday present, that didn’t mean he’d like this gift. Peter had very little experience at giving anyone Father’s Day gifts and what if he’d got it wrong?

He wasn’t given much time to stew in his worries, as his father was speaking again.

“May I see it buddy?” The question was gentle and Peter abruptly realised he was still holding onto the album, fingers clenched tightly on the colourful wrapper. He let go of it rapidly and he heard the slight hiss of breath his father released as he suddenly had to catch hold of it to stop the present from falling.

A reassuring kiss was dropped onto the crown of his head, then the man turned his attention to the package. Nimble fingers made swift work of the wrapping and soon the embossed leather cover came into view. Carefully his Papà opened the album and Peter heard the exact moment his father realised what he’d been given.

His heartbeat picked up, and Peter clearly heard the choked gasp that was suddenly cut off. He looked up worriedly, to see tears glinting in the corner of Mr Stark’s eyes, though none fell, even as an incredulous smile stretched across his face.

Calloused fingers delicately turned the pages, fingertips tracing over the images, from the first pictures of Peter when he was just a baby, to the most recent ones. Once he’d looked at each page, his father slowly closed the album and tugged Peter closer, tucking the boy’s face into the crook of his neck.

“Thank you, Tesoro,” the murmur was quiet, and love thrummed through every syllable. “It’s wonderful.” There was an aching sadness behind the last words however and Peter nuzzled closer. He’d wanted the album to make his father happy, not sad.

There was a brief pause before his Papà spoke again, and Peter distinctively heard him clear his throat a few times.

“There are a lot of stories here,” his father said softly, carefully, the fingers of his free hand idly tracing over the cover. “Will you tell me about them?”

“If you want me to Papà.”

Peter felt the arms around him tighten once more, and another kiss was dropped onto his forehead in silent thanks, and Peter felt himself relaxing, gladly soaking up the affection. This was a nice way to spend a morning.

Someone cleared their throat and Peter looked up, to see Miss Potts smiling down at both of them. He’d known she'd been in the room, but with the vast majority of his attention focussed on his father, he'd sort of ignored her presence until his spider-sense alerted him to the fact she'd apporached them.

“Breakfast first boys?” She said, more than asked, affectionate amusement laced through the words. “That should give you plenty of time to think through all the stories Peter.”

Peter pouted, he was comfortable here and didn’t want to move, and evidently his father’s expression was also displeased because Miss Potts laughed, before leaning down and kissing his father.

Peter whined in protest, bringing his free hand up to cover his ears and hiding his face back in his father’s chest. He was right here and they were being embarrassing.

Mercifully, the kiss was short, and from what he could hear, chaste. A gentle hand stroked down his back reassuringly, and then he heard his father speak.

“It’s alright kiddo, it’s safe to come out now.” His father’s voice was also amused and Peter poked his head up cautiously to see the man smile down at him, mischief sparkling in his eyes. Peter stuck his tongue out in response, red still staining his cheeks and the smile turned into chuckles.

“Breakfast then stories,” the man proclaimed, surging easily to his feet and swinging Peter up in the air as he did so. Mortification forgotten Peter erupted into giggles again at the movement, and was joined by his father’s rich laugh and Miss Pott’s light chuckle.

Still laughing, his father set him down on his feet, and with a gentle push, propelled him towards the table, and Peter suddenly realised just how hungry he was when he spotted the piles of pancakes waiting there.

It was going to be an excellent day.

The alert from the subroutine was received at 00:43:51:08. 156 cycles later the alert had passed through his processors and Jarvis immediately shunted all non-essential tasks to the side.

The entirely of the Shield Headquarters in New York was now infiltrated.

Jarvis now had administrator access on every directory in the master list, and every command entered on any device connected to the Shield network was now screened, and altered if necessary, by his subroutines before being executed.

Only 0.0015% of commands were altered however, with 71.6623% of alterations ensuring that his continued presence in their systems went unnoticed whilst 28.2411% allowed him to transmit information to his main servers. The final 0.0966% went on increasing his control of the network.

Jarvis felt a surge of satisfaction as he analysed the information streams he now had available. The limitations of the computer technology available in the Shield network meant that he only had 5.1163% of the capabilities to directly effect the physical world via their systems, compared to the systems within the mansion. However, that result was comfortably within the probability margins he had simulated and had less than a 0.1281% probability of impacting negatively on his functioning.

The purpose of this infiltration was not for him to take control of Shield’s physical systems after all. It was the data and access to Shield’s operational plans and their databases that was more important and he now had access to anything that was in digital form on their network.

Cataloguing and analysing the contents of the network would still take time however. Within the Shield systems Jarvis had to ensure that he didn’t use more than 0.0002% of the processing power contained within their hardware. If he used more than that, the probability his intrusion was detected exceeded 0.0010% and that was unacceptable.

That meant any analytical simulations needed to be run on his main processors in the mansion, limiting his actions within Shield’s own hardware to screening, categorisation and classification.

It was also evident that a large portion of Shield’s archives were not digitised. That was consistent with his simulations. He had calculated that between 15.7781% and 54.1189% of Shield’s archives would not be digitised, and currently the modal outcome in his simulations was 24.7330%.  That information would remain out of his reach unless physical documents were clearly imaged by a camera within the base, or discussed by Shield agents within range of the microphones.

He shunted the problem to a set of subroutines. The analysis of the digital content of Shield’s systems was only 42.9007% complete and would take another 5,875,321,060 cycles to finish if he devoted 30.0000% of his processing power to the task.

That analysis needed to be complete before Sir could decide which Shield Base they would infiltrate next. Sir had been aware of the location of the New York HQ, and the transmission patterns of the other Shield satellites suggested the locations of other sites, but without more detailed knowledge they were unable to attempt to penetrate then.

There was an 83.2265% probability that sufficient data would be available here to allow them to select the next target, and a 14.3997% probability that Jarvis would be able to use the systems here directly to access further bases. However, to maximise the probability of success the analysis would have to be completed first.

Leaving the threat-alert subroutines running - Shield had threatened Sir and Master Peter and Jarvis would not let them make another attempt – Jarvis diverted 53.4416% of his processing power into the analysis. Sir and Master Peter were currently asleep, and given Sir’s normal patterns of behaviour, there was a 97.6000% chance he would sleep for another two hours at minimum before returning to the lab.

The faster Jarvis could analyse the data, the better protection and help he could offer Sir. He would not let Shield threaten his family again.
Notes:

    Hello again, I hope you all enjoyed the chapter - with plot and fluff in pretty much equal measure.

    We'll see more of Jarvis' scheming later, and I hope the hints of wedding plans are satisfying to all those who want to see that wedding. It isn't written yet, but there'll be more information about it coming soon and hopefully the muse will provide me with sufficient inspiration in a few chapters time to get a really nice wedding scene.

    I hope you liked Peter's interlude - and we're only one week after actual Father's Day - which is probably the last time fic events and real life events will actually end up so close together. Ah well - that rather comes with the territory of a fic like this.

    Thanks again for comments, kudos and bookmarks and see you next Saturday.

Chapter 37: Chapter 36
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Pepper couldn’t help the quiet sigh of relief that escaped as she exited the car and headed up towards the main living areas of the mansion. Whilst the initial fallout from Stane’s treachery had mostly blown over, her workload hadn’t significantly lighted.

The fact she wasn’t yet CEO, and her inaccurately named morning sickness weren’t helping either.

For all that Tony had given her blanket authorisation to carry out the vast majority of his duties, there was still the frustration of dealing with people who couldn’t see past the fact that officially she was ‘just’ his PA. Morning sickness was also far more disruptive than she remembered, but then again, last time everyone was shocked and grieving and just trying to get everything back on an even keel and her workload had been far more erratic.

Still, despite the frustrations there were several positives. Hansen had settled well into the Biomedical Research Division, and her tweaked Extremis formula was showing some encouraging initial test results, with no exploding mice. The first of the new prosthetics were hitting the market on Friday, and they had received glowing reports on the effectiveness of their new body armour following the first shipment two weeks previously.

She sighed again when the familiar scents of salmon and potatoes reached her nose. That was one of the benefits of going through the same pregnancy twice, both she and Tony already knew which dishes worked with her nausea, and she was rather fond of salmon.

It was also lovely to be able to come home to a cooked meal. As much as she loved her job there was no denying it could be incredibly tiring and stressful, and it was wonderful not to have to worry about what she was eating when she got home, particularly now Tony was at minimum a competent cook.

As if her thoughts had summoned him, he moved away from the stove the moment she entered the kitchen area, and came over to the table, pulling out a chair for her as he did so.

“How are you feeling Pep?” the question was quiet and concerned, and Pepper smiled back, identifying the worry in his eyes with ease that came from years of practice.

“As expected,” she responded, all too aware of the young ears inevitably listening in from the lounge area where the boy was occupied building his lego, “Supper smells good though.”

“It needs another half hour or so.” He replied, and she saw the relief in his eyes at the tacit confirmation that the nausea wasn’t currently too bad and accepted the chair he pulled out for her with nothing more than an eye roll. She did raise an eyebrow at the steaming mug of ginger tea Tony slid across the table towards her.

“Are you collaborating with Emily?” She asked, though the words lacked any real bite, “I’m pregnant, not an invalid.”

“And it’s my right to spoil you.” He rebutted, a teasing glint in his eyes. “Spoiling is always the father’s prerogative, isn’t that right buddy?”

At that Peter looked up, and Pepper firmly bit down on the smile that threatened to surface at the poorly concealed deer-in-the-headlights look that child was sporting.

“Ummm…” The indecision was plain, and Pepper could almost see the thoughts flickering across his face.

She took pity on Peter, adding lightly, “Well spoiling people is something you’ve always been rather good at honey.”

That was something Peter could agree to, as the boy nodded rapidly in agreement, before abandoning his legos and hurrying across to join them as Tony beckoned him over.

Pepper’s smile couldn’t help but widen as the boy clambered straight into her fiancé’s lap, and she watched as the man immediately shifted position until Peter was secure and comfortable. She’d seen many sides of the man over the years, but Tony had always been at his best when he was interacting with one of his children.

It had been Morgan she’d seen it with first, seen the way his hard edges softened into something far gentler, the way he dropped his guard and let his love seep into every action. But even then, she’d known that Peter had been the first to melt through Tony’s barriers. He was Tony’s first-born, and the fact that they hadn’t known that was biologically true, hadn’t changed that.

The first few days back in the past had been hard. She’d seen Morgan’s ghost in every interaction, and it ached. However, with both the news of the pregnancy and as the days passed, it became easier and easier to look past that and just see Peter.

For all the similarities between the siblings, the more she got to know Peter, and the more she observed the way he interacted with Tony, the easier it was to see the differences. Morgan had been loud, confident and more than a little mischievous. Peter was quieter, though more reckless than her daughter, and for all their shared brilliance he possessed a more insightful mind than Morgan did, at least when it came to Tony.

Some of that was likely to be his age and experience, but some of it was simply personality. Morgan was her daughter as well after all, and it had been clear to see that she had inherited several key personality traits from her. Peter on the other hand very definitely took after Tony, not least when it came to superhero activities and overactive guilt complexes.

She shook herself out her thoughts, supressing a chuckle as she caught the end of what evidently had been a passionate argument on Peter’s part.

“But DUM-E would do an excellent job. He’s had so much practice spraying things with the fire extinguisher.”

“The day I let that menace anywhere near my wedding is the day I let Justin Hammer loose in R&D, and you know it you little rascal.” Despite the words, Tony’s voice oozed fondness, which Peter evidently heard if the grin on his face was any indication.

“But DUM-E, U and Butterfingers would make excellent flower-bots!” Peter protested.

“And would be the death of me,” Tony retorted, fingers reaching out to tickle the boy’s vulnerable sides, prompting the child to descend into helpless giggles as he continued. “Think of the mess they’d make. DUM-E’s lethal with that fire-extinguisher and you want to add flowers to his arsenal?”

By this point Peter’s face was beginning to take on a distinctly pink tinge, and Pepper knew that if she didn’t intervene Tony could keep this up for hours. They’d been meaning to broach this topic with Peter anyway, and the boy had just provided her with a perfect opportunity.

“Well, you could always share the job,” she interjected lightly, “But four people throwing flowers is a little excessive when we’ve got less than twenty at the wedding don’t you think Peter?”

Tony had stopped tickling the boy as soon as he’d realised what she was saying, and Pepper saw his eyes widen suddenly.

“You want me to be a flower-boy?” His voice squeaked on the words and Pepper made sure her expression remained encouraging as Tony picked up where she’d left off.

“That or ring-bearer if you’re willing buddy.” Her fiancé said, voice low and soft, and Peter’s eyes grew wider, swivelling between them as if he were at a tennis match.

“Really?” The child got out, “You want me to do that at your wedding?”

“Of course Peter.”

“There’s no-one we’d like better.”

She and Tony spoke at the same time, words overlapping and Pepper leant back in her chair, gesturing for Tony to take the lead here.

“You’re my son kiddo,” he said tenderly, “Of course we want you involved in our wedding.”

Shock was still painted on Peter’s face as he looked between them.

“Do I have to decide now?” He asked quietly, and Tony was shaking his head before the boy had even finished the sentence.

 “No, you don’t, and it doesn’t matter which you pick. You’ll be the best ring-bearer or flower-boy we could ask for.”

They were quiet for a few moments and Pepper could see the moment it dawned on Peter that they were completely serious, watching as his eyes lit up, happiness shining out of them like a beacon.

“Thank you, thank you,” he chanted, burrowing straight back into Tony’s arms. “I promise I’ll be the best and I won’t let you down.”

Pepper didn’t hear the words Tony murmured into the boy’s ear, but she clearly caught the glance he shot at her. Gracefully she rose to her feet and traversed the short distance around the table to join in the hug.

“You’ll be brilliant at either job,” she added her own reassurances to the ones her fiancé was already whispering, and was rewarded by the child’s beaming smile. She tightened her grip, holding onto her fiancé, and the boy she was beginning to view as her own.

Her family.

That sounded right.

“If I may interrupt Sir?”

Jarvis’ voice broke through his concentration and Tony looked up from his coding. Work on the AI for the Iron Legion was coming along well, though he hadn’t yet thought of a name. Naming an AI was always difficult and he always spent far too long searching for acronyms to fit the names he’d chosen.

It hurt a little to know that he no longer had a collection of baby AIs just waiting to learn and grow, but he hadn’t started to make them until after his return from Afghanistan last time. Stopping the weapons manufacturing, and the physical wounds left by the early generation of arc reactors had been the things that had given him enough space last time around for him to work on personal passions like AIs.

They were all gone now. Another loss to a dead timeline, and although Friday’s lost was a gaping wound, and ached deeply, the others had still had so much wonderful potential. Potential that would never be realised now, and that loss still hurt.

He supposed it felt something like an early term miscarriage. None of those AIs had ever been born, had ever had a chance to grow beyond their base code and develop into their own people, but that did not mean that their loss didn’t leave a void behind. They’d been lost too early for him to have ever known them, to have ever loved them for who they were, rather than the potential they embodied but he mourned them still.

“Sir?”

“Sorry Jarvis,” he looked up again, pulling his mind up from the spiral it had started to descend down. “What do you need?”

“I wanted to inform you that I have completed my analysis of all the systems in Shield’s New York Base Sir.”

A slow grin spread over his face at that, and he released the hologram, giving the AI his full attention.

“Anything interesting J?” He asked, a distinctly predatory note to his voice.

“I have compiled a list of further Shield sites and highlighted those I believe to be of particular interest.” the AI replied promptly, bringing the list up on a separate screen.

Tony scanned it, nodding as he recognised several of the names from the data-dump, and the following chaos. The Hub, the Triskelion, Camp Lehigh and the Lighthouse would all be sensible targets for their next infiltration.

It all came down to a question of priorities.

He knew that Shield possessed a lot of information and technology he didn’t want them anywhere near. His father’s files were the first of those, though the most important was the Tesseract. That was an artefact he needed out of their control as soon as he had somewhere safe to store it, and a way of liberating it from their clutches that didn’t immediately paint a target on his back.

He would have to move quickly though. By the time Loki invaded Earth Shield had been actively researching the Tesseract, and Fury indicated that they had done so in response to Thor. If he remembered correctly, Thor had first arrived on Earth mid-2010, but that didn’t mean Fury had actually been telling the truth about the timescale of the project.

Extracting the Tesseract would be far harder if Shield were currently, actively researching it.

“What information have you got on the Tesseract J?”

“It is currently stored in Camp Lehigh Sir,” the AI replied promptly, “The orders for Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S are still on file and there are still researchers nominally working on the project. However, no progress on accessing the power of the Tesseract has been made in the last seven years and it has not been removed from secure storage at any point in the last two years.”

Tony leant back in his chair, fingers idly manipulating a hologram as he thought.

Evidently Fury hadn’t been lying about Thor’s arrival being the catalyst for restarting Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S, but that gave him a hard deadline to work with. If he assumed his actions here didn’t drastically change whatever situation in Asgard had led to the situation in New Mexico, he had roughly a year to work out how to extract the Tesseract, as well as coming up with a way to ensure that nobody knew he was the person who now had it.

An Infinity Stone was far too dangerous to leave in Hydra and Shield’s hands, however, its loss would spark a hunt that he would need to be prepared for. At least he knew how they’d try and track it. Fury had to bring in both him and Banner last time, and they’d only been able to track it through the very faint gamma signals it had been emitting.

That was something he could deal with. Gamma radiation was remarkably penetrating, but with enough lead and concrete he could ensure that the vast majority of its emitted radiation was absorbed, and without that, it would be incredibly hard to track. That is if Shield even knew to track gamma rays in the first place. That could easily have been a discovery made by Selvig, but he wouldn’t know until he had access to the complete file.

Still, he needed to deal with problems in the correct order. It was no good knowing how to store the Tesseract unless he was able to liberate it from its current location, and on that note;

“Camp Lehigh is the next target Jarvis.” He stated simply.

The sort of heist he was planning needed information first and foremost, as nothing could be decided until he knew exactly what he was up against. Secondly, if Jarvis was in control of their systems it would make the actual heist itself so much simpler, as well as making it that much harder for Shield to realise what they’d lost.

Of course, all this was assuming he’d have to steal it.

There were possible legal routes he could explore to try and recover it. The Tesseract had been found by Howard Stark after all, and although he had relinquished custody to Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S, there might be some avenues he could pursue there.

But legal proceedings would take a long time, and if they failed, which was a likely outcome, his interest in the Tesseract would have been noticed, and he would be the most likely suspect in its disappearance, and he couldn’t afford that scrutiny.

No, stealing it was the best option, but until he had control of Camp Lehigh he could not begin to plan how he would do so.

“Evaluate the different potential avenues for accessing Camp Lehigh.” He instructed, before bring the conversation back to its original intent.

“What else did you find that was interesting J?” He asked, and immediately another handful of reports appeared. Tony skimmed over them, noting pertinent details and hissed through his teeth as the picture became clearer.

He’d known Shield was compromised, perhaps fatally so, Project Insight, and the data dump had been enough to convince him of that, and he’d known that the rot had spread all the way to the top of the World Security Council. But he’d never quite realised how entwined the two organisations were.

Looking at the data now, the records from their own servers, both the ones Fury knew about and the ones he didn’t Tony could see how the tendrils of Hydra snaked through the entire organisation. It was an organisation within an organisation, with generations of recruits brought in as Hydra, taught as Hydra and working alongside, teaching and commanding those who belonged just to Shield.

Suddenly he could understand why Natasha had taken their files and dumped them across the internet, without a care for the collateral damaged in its wake. Shield was compromised, was more than compromised, and the easiest way, the fastest way to deal with an organisation that corrupt was to burn it to the ground and rebuild anew.

She had razed Shield, and looking at it now he could see why. Undoing the corruption that had taken hold was the sort of thing that required years, decades, or more loyal manpower that Shield could field. With Project Insight almost activated, they hadn’t had those years, and they wouldn’t have them this time either.

He had ten years at the most, and that was an upper estimate.

No, Shield in its current form couldn’t be allowed to continue. It was too corrupt, too broken, but razing it the way the Widow had wouldn’t help either. Too many had died in the chaos afterwards, agents with families that were set upon in revenge, loyal, useful agents who were caught unaware, and unprepared and died for it.

Yes, Shield needed to burn but there was no point in burning the new wood with the dead. He also had one major advantage. Once Jarvis was fully embedded in their systems he would actually be able to distinguish between those who were loyal and who were Hydra, and would be able to protect those who needed protecting, whilst dealing with Hydra.

He knew better than to think it would be bloodless. No coup was bloodless, and that was the scenario he was considering.

Tony also knew he couldn’t do it alone. A coup like this needed people on the inside, and frankly he had better things to do than become the Director of Shield. That was Fury or Agent’s job and they were welcome to it as long as they kept their manipulations clear of both him, and his family.

Getting Fury into a place where they could be allies, if only with mutual goals and out of convenience would not be easy. The man didn’t trust him, and he certainly hadn’t given him any reasons to. It wouldn’t be a quick process, gaining a working relationship with Fury would take time, and a lot would depend on the man’s own actions.

“What’s Fury done with the information I gave him?” He asked abruptly.

“Very little that directly leaves a trace on my or Shield's systems,” the AI replied promptly, “However, he has been meeting with Coulson more regularly than he had been prior to your meeting. He has also taken to running his security cameras and microphones for all meetings apart from certain discussions with Coulson.”

The AI paused, and then added, “Coulson is now doing a random sample review of Agents within the organisation, and three of the agents mentioned in the files you gave to Fury are in that review.”

Tony nodded slowly as he listened. It seemed Fury had taken him seriously at least and was beginning his own investigations. He could wait therefore for the preliminary investigations to run their course before he approached Fury again, though, he thought with a wry smile, if Fury discovered even a fraction of the information Tony now possessed, he would not need to go to Fury.

Fury would come to him.
Notes:

    Hello again - a lot of setting up of plot this week, and I hope you all enjoyed the hints of things that are coming, as well as the interlude of fluff with Peter, Pepper and Tony. It's been a while since we've been inside Pepper's head when we've not been inside SI.

    How many of you would like to see the bots at the wedding? Although I agree with Tony that flower bots would be utter chaos.

    Thanks again for kudos, comments and bookmarks and I'll see you all next week.

Chapter 38: Chapter 37
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter turned over again, wriggling in an attempt to get comfortable, but no matter what position he tried, he couldn’t get his mind to quieten. Going to sleep had been fine but then he’d woken up and he couldn’t stop thinking about tomorrow, or today really.

Uncle Ben and Aunt May would be arriving today and they would be staying for the whole weekend and a few days either side as well. A nauseating mixture of excitement and dread were battling for dominance in his tummy.

He wanted to see them. He’d missed them both fiercely, and although he had a family here, and having Mr Stark as his father had been wonderful, was still wonderful and better than he’d ever dreamt, there was still an Aunt and Uncle shaped hole in his heart.

But that didn’t mean his Aunt and Uncle would actually fill that hole.

They almost did, they were still the same people, but at the same time they weren’t and their pieces didn’t quite fit. There were gaps left behind, holes they couldn’t fill and jagged edges that tore at old, partially healed scabs that were still tender and bruised.

Visiting and speaking to Aunt May had been hard, and it had only been slightly easier with Uncle Ben. He didn’t know how he would deal with them for a whole weekend.

“Buddy?” The concerned voice came from the door, and Peter startled, brown eyes jerking up to meet his father’s.

He hadn’t realised he’d been so absorbed in his thoughts that he hadn’t paid attention to the sound of his father approaching. Still, Mr Stark was probably the only person who could sneak up on him this way unless he was either very ill or very tired. His spidey sense wouldn’t turn off around someone unless he really trusted them, and so far the only people who had fallen into that category were Aunt May, Ned and Mr Stark, and of those three only Mr Stark was left.

His father’s concern evidently deepened at the lack of answer as the man came into the room and sank down on the bed next to Peter, one hand almost instinctively finding its way into the boy’s hair. Peter let out a hum of contentment at the sensation, leaning into the ministrations, body relaxing at the touch.

“What’s going on in that brain of yours?” the question was gentle, and a tender thumb brushed across his forehead as his father spoke, “Why are you lying awake at two in the morning kiddo?”

Peter twitched, shrugging his shoulders slightly. He knew exactly why he was awake but the idea of saying it out-loud felt odd. However, his father didn’t seem to mind the non-answer, drawing him closer and filling in the gaps himself.

“Jarvis didn’t notify me, so I assume you didn’t have a nightmare.” Taking the boy’s silence as confirmation, the man continued after only a short hesitation. “Now I may be wrong, but if I were to hazard a guess, I’d suspect tomorrow has your mind tied in knots.”

At that Peter was able to nod. That was an accurate enough summary of the confused mixture of feelings that swirled in the depths of his belly, occasionally reaching up with inky black tentacles that choked and smothered.

He felt more than heard the sigh Mr Stark let out and then his father was shifting position, his grip both firm and gentle as he manoeuvred Peter as well until they were both lying horizontally. Peter was promptly pulled into his father’s arms and tucked flush against the man’s side.

“It’s alright to be worried and upset,” he said quietly, “You’ve got more than enough reasons to feel that way.”

The slow, steady rhythm of his father’s heartbeat echoed in his ears as the man continued, “But it will be good to see them, spending time with them is the only way to heal that loss, and you’ll always be able to retreat up here, or down to the lab if you need to. You aren’t doing this alone.”

Peter nodded, before burrowing deeper into the embrace. It wasn’t as if anything his father was saying was new, he already knew all this, had been told it all before, but hearing it again helped to settle the demons that crept up and pounced in the middle of the night.

Those ones were always the hardest to quieten, even if he knew that he didn’t have to face it alone, that he would always have his father’s help, it was hard to convince himself of that lying awake and alone in the dark. It helped as well to be told that it was okay to be upset and scared as well as excited, it blunted the edges of the guilt in the way his own logic couldn’t quite manage.

Peter yawned suddenly, tiredness flooding through him, replacing the anxious energy that had been keeping him awake. It was hard to be scared when his father was this close, cocooning him in a blanket of warmth, love and safety.

“There we go,” the words were barely a breath, hovering right at the edge of his hearing, “It’s a long way past a spiderling’s bedtime.”

Peter snuggled closer, nuzzling into the crook of his father’s arm. Just as sleep claimed him, he felt fingers card gently through his hair before coming to rest softly on his back.

May eyed the small private plane marked Stark with a mixture of trepidation and disbelief. Stark had said it would be a simple matter to get both Ben and her to Malibu for a long weekend, however she had underestimated just how easy it would be for him to arrange this.

The whole process had been remarkably smooth so far. Two nurses had come to pick her up from the hospital, cheerfully introducing themselves as Rebecca and Maria, and explaining they were part of Stark Industries’ Medical Team, and they would be assisting her both for her journey and during her stay in Malibu.

They’d helped her pack and prepare and then the journey to the airport itself had been remarkably efficient. Despite using it for over a month now, May still hadn’t become used to the wheelchair. It was difficult to manoeuvre, despite it being a top-of-the-line Stark-special model that she could see was substantially better than the insurance provided ones many other patients were using. It was remarkably frustrating to try and use regardless, all her instincts were wrong and contradictory. She kept misjudging both the strength it required to move and its bulk when trying to navigate doorways and other obstacles.

Her physiotherapist assured her that she would adapt to it in time, as with all things it just required practice. That was both relieving and frustrating. May did not want to be confined to a wheelchair for the rest of her life, and she did not want to have to get used to it.

There were so many things she couldn’t do now. So many things she’d taken for granted.

It was the simple things that rankled most. Being unable to get into or out of bed herself. Needing help to get into the chair which was her only means of moving around the unit. Being unable to use the toilet without aid. Being unable to reach any object on a medium to high cupboard or shelf.

And then there was the hope.

She was still early in her recovery, and according to Dr Warren, there was a decent chance she might one day walk again, or at least be able to stand and move for short periods. Having that hope, that uncertainty made it harder. She didn’t want to be patient and take the time to accept and deal with her circumstances when they might not be permanent, that was far too much like giving up, but if she didn’t try to adapt now, it would just make it harder if this did turn out to be permanent.

Still, she hoped she would walk again someday. Whilst the wheelchair was significantly better than being confined to the bed, it was still ungainly and awkward.

Though going through the airport had not been the nightmare she had been expecting, particularly given the horror stories she’d heard from the other patients in the unit. She’d heard of everything from wheelchairs being lost or broken, no staff being available to help transfer them to the plane, even a lack of appropriate toilet facilities.

This trip however had been straightforward. Rebecca and Maria had helped her through security, simply dealing with the baggage, and then she had been wheeled to a private lounge and refreshments provided whilst they waited for the plane.

The private plane. Simply one of Stark’s planes.

She, Rebecca and Maria were the only people onboard aside from the pilots and cabin crew, and the interior more closely resembled a high-class hotel lounge than an aeroplane. Gone were the rows of cramped uncomfortable seats she’d been expecting and in their place were comfortable leather recliners and couches, sleek counters and state of the art TVs and computers.

Using every dint of her stubbornness, May managed to keep her expression from showing her utter shock at the interior. It wasn’t until she was comfortably settled in one of the armchairs, a process that still felt jarring even after over a month of little functionality in her legs, that the implications started to dawn on her.

She’d known Stark was a billionaire. She’d heard the analogies people came up with to try and grasp the scale of that much money; earn a dollar per second and it would still take you five thousand years. She’d known intellectually that he had the sort of wealth people like her could hardly imagine.

She hadn’t realised what that looked like. Hadn’t realised just how different even the normal things in life could be for him.

He’d never worry about money, making ends meet. He’d lived surrounded by this level of luxury and that was just normal, expected. She swallowed, looking around, taking in the level of opulence as the plane took off. Suddenly she could believe that the money he’d put aside and paid for her and Ben’s treatment was nothing.

Over the past weeks, and the more she spoke with Stark, the more she had begun to trust that perhaps there weren’t any strings attached to that money, that he’d meant what he’d said, trusting him on that at least. She’d had a hard time understanding that, found it hard to rationalise how someone could just put aside over half a million without any expectations. But looking at this now hammered it home that this was pocket change for Stark. He could spend half a million dollars the way she’d spend ten, easily, on a whim, without really considering it.

And Peter had a claim to this too.

May drew in a deep breath as that consequence registered. Peter, her sweet, kind, geeky nephew was heir to the largest fortune in America. She closed her eyes, thinking it through. He’d never be normal again, he couldn’t be normal again, not with all this. Irrespective of whatever had happened whilst they’d been unconscious in hospital, he’d always be a target simply for his wealth and he’d have access to things she’d never dreamt he would.

It was another world, a world she’d never known and didn’t know what to expect.

Stark might have seemed like any other father when he’d brought Peter to visit her in the hospital, and he certainly didn’t wear his power and wealth obviously, but it was there. It was there in the way the NDA had been presented as a matter of course, in the way he could simply arrange for things to be sorted to his liking, in how easily the custody papers had been registered, even in his calm statement that he wouldn’t let her cut him out of Peter’s life. No pleading, no anger, no threats, just a simple statement of fact that he knew he could accomplish.

One day that would be Peter. One day her nephew would be a man with all the resources Tony Stark had, if not more. Power, wealth and influence.

So, what was her place in this, what was Ben’s place in this? This wasn’t their world, they didn’t know how to navigate the lives of the super-rich, of celebrities. That was Stark’s territory, that was the world he’d grown up in, that he knew. They couldn’t help with that; she wouldn’t even know where to start.

That thought hurt.

Children were supposed to grow, develop, go where their parents couldn’t follow, but not now, not at seven. She wasn’t supposed to lose him this soon.

Snap out of it May.

The thought was sudden, vicious. May refocussed, pulling herself out of her own mind with a sudden wrench. Her thoughts had been turning maudlin more frequently ever since the accident. Her therapist said it was normal, a reaction to the drastic changes and the trauma of the last few weeks but being despairing wouldn’t help her now.

Peter was still her nephew, and no she wasn’t going to lose him, she told herself firmly. Yes, this new world was strange and unfamiliar but when had that ever stopped her before? She had a place in Peter’s life, as his Aunt and the woman who had raised him for the last three years.

Things would be different; things would change but Parkers were made of stern stuff and they would deal with this too. He was still Peter, still the little boy who rambled when he got excited, hated raspberry jam and could spend hours just building Lego.

Her job was to protect him, to love him through whatever the world threw at them, whether that was elementary school bullies, or asthma attacks or becoming the heir of a billion-dollar company. And to protect him she needed to know what was going on with those missing days, to know what his life with Stark was like, to see unequivocally that he was loved and cherished.

So far, all her interactions with Stark indicated that Peter was indeed loved, and she was certain that Peter loved his father, however she couldn’t afford to take chances. There was something wrong and she couldn’t ignore that.

Still, she thought as she relaxed into the chair that still didn’t belong on a plane, she had been promised answers, and this trip would provide them.

It had already been remarkably illuminating after all.

Ben jumped as the seat shuddered, and winced immediately as something dug into his lower legs. Blinking he looked down, suddenly aware of a low rumble echoing from around him. He was wearing a seatbelt, but he was sitting in an armchair, and what was that rumbling?

He looked around, searching for clues that might help him remember and reorientate himself. It looked like he was in a fancy hotel lounge, but the windows were a strange shape, a shape that was somewhat familiar.

That was where he’d seen windows like that before! He could remember it now.

He was in a plane.

That was right. He was flying to Malibu to see Peter and May.

He released the breath he had been holding, pleased to have reorientated himself. That was the fourth – or maybe fifth – he wasn’t sure, he’d had to do that on this trip alone. Leaving the hospital had been hard, he knew the routines there by now and he could keep track of where he was, what was happening in the day, but he didn’t have that surety now.

New places were hard to keep track of. There was so much going on, and then he’d get distracted and he couldn’t keep all the information in his head at once. He hadn’t forgotten it, the information was still there in his memory but it wasn’t close to the surface and he had to go hunting to find it and work out what was going on again.

It was frustrating. He knew he shouldn’t be getting so confused, he could remember when he was better than this, when he could keep more than one or two things in his brain at the same time. The doctor said it would get better, that his memory was still improving and would do so for months yet, and they would be able to teach him strategies for managing what couldn’t be relearnt.

But it was hard, and tiring. It was difficult and frustrating being confused and disorientated and the constant hits of worry and panic sapped his energy and he hated it.

“This is your Captain speaking. We are beginning our final descent. Please ensure that your seats are in an upright position and your seatbelts are fastened.”

Descent? Seatbelt?

That was right. He was in a plane, and evidently they were about to land. Ben looked down, he was wearing a seatbelt, and that was good, that was the thing he’d needed to check.

A wave of dizziness flooded through him, sharp and sudden and a throbbing headache started up behind his eyes. He gritted his teeth, bending near double in an attempt to relieve the discomfort as the world swam until he didn’t know which way was up and which was down.

His pulse hammered in his ears and colours danced across his eyelids, pulsing in time with the pain in his head. Static echoed in his head and he just existed, lost and drifting.

“…..Parker, Mr Parker? Ben?”

External noise slowly filtered back in, the static in his brain fading as the spinning world slowed. That was his name.

He was supposed to respond.

He opened his eyes – when had he closed them? – squinting against the sudden onslaught of light. There was a face in front of him. A familiar face. Carlos, that was it. That person was Carlos, and he was one of his nurses.

They were saying his name. He needed to respond.

Muscles forced his jaw open, and he winced at the slight ache there. Why had he been clenching his teeth so tightly?

“Yes?” He managed, and he saw the nurse smile.

“How are you feeling Mr Parker?” Carlos asked.

The response was slow, his mind didn’t want to co-operate and his most recent memories were fuzzy, but eventually he managed to push the words from his brain to his throat.

“Head hurts. Dizzy.”

The nurse just nodded. “You reacted badly to the changes in pressure when we landed.” He said simply and clinically, “It should pass soon. We’ll move you to the car once you’ve recovered.”

He drifted again, time floating lazily by in a way he couldn’t track but gradually the pain and dizziness ebbed away and he could actually think straight again.

Slowly he raised his head, gratitude welling up in him when it didn’t immediately bring the dizziness rushing back. A few deep breaths and he was able to manage a smile in Carlos’ direction, and the nurse took that for the signal it was.

Ben grimaced as the wheelchair was brought round but he didn’t protest. He’d learnt the hard way that his balance was almost non-existent now and standing for more than a few seconds was challenging enough.

All the doctors had assured him that he would walk again, it would just take several months at least and until then, he was better off using the wheelchair outside of his physical therapy sessions. But as much as he didn’t like the chair, he was glad for it now. After the attack he’d just had, even standing would be beyond him for a while.

He blinked as a set of sunglasses were pressed into his hand.

“The sunlight outside is fairly bright and might aggravate your head.” The explanation was short and simple and he was grateful for that. Carefully he brought the glasses up to his face, focussing hard to ensure his hands didn’t shake.

There was a brief jolt as the wheelchair started to move and he blinked as a wave of humid heat washed over him, sunlight glaring into his eyes despite the glasses.

This wasn’t New York?

He frowned, eyes cataloguing the surroundings. The tarmac runway of an airport, the palm trees swaying gently in the breeze, the pervasive heat.

Malibu.

This was Malibu and he was going to visit Peter.

A smile curled around the edge of his lips. It had been far too long since he’d seen his nephew in person.
Notes:

    Hello all - sorry if I worried anyone by not updating yesterday - I've got quite a busy month, so updates are likely to fall on Sundays for the next few weeks at least.

    I hope you enjoyed May and Ben's perspectives - I hope I have the medical details rights, I've spent a lot of time looking things up but if anything isn't realistics please let me know - I am not an expert in either of their conditions. So - May and Ben are arriving in Malibu and we'll see that visit and everything that comes from it in the next few chapters.

    Thanks again for all the interest in this story and see you next week!

Chapter 39: Chapter 38
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter fidgeted, eyes darting up to glance at the door. Aunt May and Uncle Ben were here. Well not here exactly, rather they were currently getting settled in a large guest and medical suite on the ground floor, but they were in Malibu, in the house and would be coming up to the main lounge within a few minutes.

A warm hand squeezed his shoulder, comforting and gently warning in one gesture. Obediently Peter stopped fiddling with the hem of his T-shirt, twisting his hands together even as his leg started bouncing, his nerves too great for him to sit still.

Above him he heard a quiet sigh and then tender fingers were rubbing the back of his neck with slow stroking motions that had his muscles relaxing as tension slowly bled out of him. Eyes never leaving the door, Peter pushed up against the hand, and he heard an answering chuckle as the soothing fingers expanded their ministrations, sweeping up and down his back, chasing the anxieties away.

Gradually the urge to fidget diminished until Peter relaxed back against his father’s side.

“Better buddy?” The question was quiet and soft.

Peter just nodded. It was hard to remain nervous when he was reminded so very clearly that he wasn’t alone.

The sound of cables in the elevator shaft had his eyes snapping to the door, adrenaline flooding back through his body, and beside him, he felt his father stiffen before the man’s muscles relaxed. Even without looking Peter knew that the stance was deceptive, that the man was hovering protectively, ready to shield the boy from any threat, no matter if the threat wasn’t physical.

The cables shuddered to a stop and with a pneumatic hiss, and the distinctive rumble of sliding metal, the elevator doors opened and Peter caught sight of his aunt and uncle.

The wheelchairs were the first thing he noticed. When he’d visited Aunt May she’d already been sat in an armchair, her disability easily hidden, and whilst Uncle Ben had also looked awful, he’d obviously been in a hospital bed and people in hospital beds were supposed to look bad.

But they’d never needed wheelchairs before, and certainly not snazzy ones with all sorts of features that Peter could easily identify as being Tony Stark additions. You didn’t add those features to the simple wheelchairs you used to move from the Med-bay to your room because Dr Cho wouldn’t let you walk by yourself until you were off bed-rest. No, those were the things you added if the wheelchair was going to be needed for a long time.

He’d helped add features like that to Colonel Rhodes’ wheelchair when it had been in Mr Stark’s lab for repairs and the Colonel had been permanently paralysed.

Peter swallowed hard.

He’d known how badly they’d been injured, know that things would be different, would be hard, even without the memories taken into consideration but this was such a glaringly obvious change it shook him. It was different knowing something intellectually, and then seeing the consequences first hand.

No more than a few seconds had passed and another sound was intruding on his awareness.

A heartbeat etched in his memory as he heard it falter, slow and beat its last, now thudding away strongly.

Uncle Ben.

Peter crossed the distance between them in seconds, senses homing in on the heartbeat he’d heard stop a hundred, a thousand times in his memories and his nightmares.

“Woah there, champ.”

Peter ignored the words, attention fixed on the pulse hammering away beneath the fingers curled around his uncle’s wrist, on the steady whoosh of breath passing through working lungs.

Uncle Ben was real, was alive.

“Peter?”

“Are you alright?”

Concerned voices melded together above him and abruptly Peter realised he was shaking, tears dripping down his cheeks. They were worried, urging him to let go of his uncle’s wrist but he couldn’t, not when the man’s pulse beneath his fingers was providing the undeniable proof the man was here and alive.

“Let go buddy.” The command was firm, despite the soft voice it was spoken in and there was a hand on his shoulder now, protecting and restraining, and another resting on his own wrist.

“You’re alright,” the voice continued, “It’s okay kiddo. You’ll still be able to hear his heartbeat but you need to let go.”

Slowly Peter uncurled his fingers, senses still focussed on his uncle’s heartbeat. It was faster now, the beat slightly irregular as if he was shocked, or scared.

Peter’s fingers dropped away instantly and he didn’t protest as he was pulled backwards into his father’s chest, the man’s arms immediately wrapping him in an embrace. Peter’s eyes however were still fixed on the man in front of him, scanning for any obvious signs of distress.

A whine slipped out from between his teeth when he saw the confusion and worry painted clearly across his uncle’s face and when he chanced a glance at his aunt, she couldn’t quite clear her expression fast enough and he saw the concern she didn’t manage to hide.

Mr Stark hushed him, a firm but gentle hand turning him until he could no longer see his aunt and uncle, though he could still hear both their breathing and heartbeats. His father kept up a quiet litany of comfort, smoothing a hand up and down his spine until Peter had regained some semblance of his composure.

His father stepped back, although he still kept one hand protectively wrapped around Peter’s shoulders, tilting the boy’s head up with his free hand. The man scrutinised him for a long moment, dark eyes scanning his face for any evidence of continued distress, before he let out a soft breath.

“Do you think you can greet them without getting upset again?” He asked, voice pitched so that only Peter, with his enhanced senses would be able to hear.

A hint of a frown touched Peter’s face as he considered it. He hadn’t expected Uncle Ben’s presence to be quite so overwhelming, and he didn’t really know why he’d reacted so strongly. Or rather he did, Uncle Ben had been dead, and now he wasn’t and after years of his death replaying on a technicolour loop in his nightmares, and he’d needed the proof that now they were just nightmares.

It would be easier now.

He was a bit more prepared, and Peter didn’t think he’d be overwhelmed again. Although he’d already mucked things up. Aunt May and Uncle Ben would be worried, and that would mean he’d have to explain why he was upset and he didn’t want to, and couldn’t do that.

But he could manage to say hello at least. Biting his lip, he nodded and his father met his gaze squarely for several seconds before giving him a slight nod in return, and carefully encouraging him to turn back around.

Peter swallowed, hoping his face didn’t look too obviously upset and turned to face his aunt and uncle. Immediately his lip was back between his teeth and he worried at it as he took in the matching expressions of shock, concern and fear written over both their faces.

“Hi,” he said, internally wincing as his voice betrayed him and squeaked.

“Hello baby,” his aunt’s voice was cautious as she replied, and he could see the way her smile was fixed. It might have fooled him if he was really just seven, but he’d seen that expression before, and it told him she was trying to appear calm and collected when she really wasn’t.

“Hello Pete,” his uncle spoke up as well and his own concern was very poorly masked. It looked like he was trying to hide it and couldn’t quite remember to do so all the time as his expression fluctuated between deep worry and fear, and an artificially smooth mask.

Peter attempted to smile but his mouth didn’t want to co-operate and just as the silence threatened to turn awkward his father spoke up.

“Lovely to see you again May. I hope there weren’t any troubles with the flight? And lovely to meet you in person as well Ben.”

It was simple small talk but Peter saw his aunt grasp it like the lifeline it was, and as she began to relate details of her travel, he felt his father squeeze his shoulder lightly, whispering a quiet suggestion to him.

“Why don’t you go and play with DUM-E for a few minutes? Give yourself a short break and a chance to calm down before coming back.”

That sounded like a good idea. Despite spending several minutes safety hidden away in his father’s arms he still felt uneasy, off-balance. He needed time away to re-calibrate, to brace himself for just how overwhelming having his aunt and uncle here, alive would be.

He nodded slightly, a tiny moment but it was enough for his father who smoothed a hand through his curls then gave him a light nudge in the direction of the elevator.

“Off you go then. We’ll still be up here when you’re ready.”

Peter gratefully seized on the excuse, smiling shakily at his aunt and uncle before turning and vanishing downstairs, fleeing the awkward atmosphere gripping the lounge. The door to the lab hissed open as he approached and he only had a few seconds to bask in the luxury of being allowed down there unsupervised before Jarvis was greeting him and the bots were approaching, trilling their own welcomes.

The thick blast shielding blocked out most of the sound from upstairs and as Peter threw himself into a modified game of fetch, he could almost forget the situation waiting for him upstairs.

Tony internally winced as the elevator doors closed behind Peter, bracing himself for the interrogation that was about to occur.

He should have predicted that Peter would react badly to seeing his uncle alive again, even with the video calls. Neither of them had kept their composure when they’d been reunited, and from Peter’s perspective he’d hardly had time to register that Tony had actually died.

Unlike with his uncle.

Peter had lived with the man’s death for years, with the guilt from that death lying heavy on his heart. Of course he would struggle when reunited physically with the man for the first time and Tony should have been able to anticipate and plan for this.

But he hadn’t and now he would pay the price for that. He’d wanted to build up to the explanations gradually, and his carefully planned sequence was now dashed to pieces. But there was nothing to be done about that now. He had to play the hand he’d been dealt and he had plenty of experience dealing with poor hands.

He just had to make sure Peter still had an aunt and uncle at the end of this, and that said aunt and uncle weren’t planning to air everything said here into a public courtroom. There he had two main levers, first Peter’s safety, but secondly the fact that he knew May at least was a reasonable woman. As long as he avoided the most ridiculous sounding bits – time travel for one – he should be able to spin a story with enough truth to satisfy them for now.

As expected, May was the first person to break the uneasy silence that had fallen on the room following the boy’s departure.

“Where’s he going? Will he be alright? What set that off?” The questions were sharp, and the woman barely paused to breathe between sentences, fear coating every word.

“He’s gone downstairs to give himself a chance to calm down completely. Jarvis – my AI – will alert us if he gets upset again or has any other difficulties.”

“I will notify you immediately Sir,” the AI chipped in, and Tony saw both May and Ben start as the voice echoed from around them.

“As for being alright, and what set it off, well,” he sighed, gesturing for their carers to move them fully into the room, “I’ll explain when you’re settled.”

It took mere minutes for them to be transferred safely to the couch, and for the nurses to vanish back downstairs. Once he was confident they were comfortable, Tony took the seat opposite them, steepling his hands together and leaning forward slightly, taking care to make and hold eye contact.

“In terms of whether he’s alright, he’s mostly calmed down now and should have mostly recovered by the time he returns, however that outburst was a symptom of a deeper set of issues, and those – well – mental scars are always difficult and time-consuming to heal.”

He saw May nod at that and waited until he saw Ben’s eyes focus on him once again. He’d have to get Jarvis to produce a written copy of this conversation – Ben would need the reference and it would be helpful to have the document so he didn’t end up contradicting his own story, and so Peter knew exactly what they’d been told as well.

“What caused that scarring?” May’s next question was simple and blunt, “We’re aware of issues stemming from Mary and Richard’s deaths, but this appears to be somewhat different.”

Tony inclined his head in acknowledgement. “You are partially correct, it has links to that, but there are several other factors that complicate matters. I’ll start with the simplest,” and here was the first place where he needed to weave truth and fiction.

“Peter thought you were dead Ben.” The words were straightforward and he could see the way their eyes widened, May’s darkening abruptly as the implications of that sentence dawned. “He heard your heart stop, and despite being told you’d made it, and seeing you on the video call, I suspect it hadn’t really sunk in until he saw you just now.”

“Oh Peter.” May’s words were almost a prayer, and her hand came up to cover her mouth, even as moisture began to gather in the corners of Ben’s eyes.

“No wonder the kid reacted badly,” the man said slowly, “It must have been overwhelming.”

Tony nodded in acknowledgement, letting the quiet stretch as they took that information and made their own assumptions.

“So everything about trying to find Ben’s pulse, and his heartbeat – that was all Peter trying to convince himself Ben was alive.” May’s voice was calm and methodical as she worked through the logic, and Tony watched as the knowledge settled.

“We can work with that, and given everything with Mary and Richard, I’m not surprised he needed something tangible.” There was a brief pause before she fixed him with a stern eye, “You mentioned other factors? Is this anything to do with the days he was missing?”

Tony nodded again.

“It has everything to do with that – and to do with the reason you were going to hospital. I believe Peter was suffering with an awful fever and assorted other symptoms with no real warning?”

“Yes?” The confirmation was tentative, and there was suspicion in May’s voice.

Tony took a breath as he continued, “That illness wasn’t a normal illness – now I’m not entirely sure how this happened, though Peter seems to think it started with a spider bite – but that illness was the results of his DNA being modified. He’s now enhanced.”

“What do you mean enhanced?” May’s voice was sharp, sceptical.

“Think Captain America and the super-soldier serum,” Tony said bluntly, “We haven’t exactly tested the limits of what he can do - I wouldn’t put a child through those sorts of experiments - but he can stick to walls, lift things no seven-year-old should be able to, and he can hear a conversation happening three floors away, and his other senses were similarly heightened.”

May’s eyes were wide and horrified, and she shook her head from side to side, disbelief painted over her face.

“Peter, our Peter, enhanced? He can’t be. Things like that don’t just happen.” She said, a hint of a plea in her voice.

“I’m afraid it did May,” he said kindly, “If you don’t believe me, he’ll be able to show you when he comes back.”

She just shook her head again, doubt still written across her face and internally Tony sighed. He hadn’t expected them to believe him immediately, but he hoped he wouldn’t have to get Peter to give a demonstration. That would not be helpful to the child at all.

“He wasn’t wearing his glasses.” The words were slow and hesitant but they were clear and Tony and May turned towards Ben, near-identical questioning expressions on their faces. May was the one to break the silence.

“Ben?”

“Pete,” the man clarified carefully, “He’s nearly blind without them and he can’t wear contacts. But he wasn’t wearing them just now.”

As Tony watched, realisation crept over May’s face, and he could see her reflecting back on their last interaction, carefully cataloguing details she’d overlooked previously. It took a few minutes, but Tony saw the exact moment when she was finally convinced, and she slumped back defeatedly.

“Merda, he’s enhanced.”

That thought was immediately followed by another revelation and horror crept over her face, “So when you said Peter heard his heart stop you meant that literally. Dio santo.”

Tony winced at that. The fact Peter’s enhanced senses had left him with technicolour, dialled-to-eleven memories of both his uncle’s and Tony’s deaths was not something he liked dwelling on. It simply increased the trauma of already awful events, and left the boy with even more fuel for his nightmares.

The silence stretched for a few long moments as both May and Ben took the time to process the fact that their nephew was no longer the normal kid they’d been expecting. Tony didn’t move to break the silence, the rest of this conversation would go far more smoothly if they reached their own level of acceptance before he threw any more information at them.

He did need to keep Peter away for a little longer though, and a short text to Jarvis ensured that the AI would endeavour to keep the boy distracted for as long as he could. Dealing with the stress of telling his aunt and uncle about his enhancement was something Tony could ensure Peter didn’t have to go through, and frankly, the boy had enough to overwhelm him as it was.

“So how does all this fit in with the time he was missing?” May asked eventually, and Tony sighed again, leaning forwards slightly.

“From what Peter has said, when he woke up in the hospital with newly heightened senses and contradictory instincts he panicked, and tried to get somewhere safe. This resulted in him clambering out of the window and down the side of the building, before making it halfway across New York and back to your apartment, where he was eventually found eighteen hours later.”

He paused for a minute, waiting for the information to settle before he continued, “In the course of that search, they analysed a sample of Peter’s blood, and that revealed his relationship to me, so I was notified, and given your injuries he was released into my care.”

“You said something about information he had that others would want?” May interjected, “How does that fit in?”

“That information is the knowledge of his own capabilities and enhancements,” Tony replied promptly, “There are far too many people, some of them high in the military and government who wouldn’t care that he’s just a child, but would view him as an asset, an experiment and the start of the next generation of super-soldiers.” Disgust and anger were thick in his voice. “For Peter’s sake, his enhancement must remain a closely guarded secret.”

May’s face was pale and Ben’s wasn’t much better. “They’d consider a child an experiment?”

Tony’s answering scoff was bitter, “They’ve been trying to recreate that serum ever since Erskine died. Peter’s enhancements are stable, and in many respects better than Erskine’s – so no they wouldn’t hesitate.” He paused for half a second before elaborating,

“Recreating the serum was never a game I let Stark Industries play – my father’s obsession with Rogers was bad enough, and I know a weapons manufacturer doesn’t exactly scream ethical, but the sort of genetic alteration and human experimentation that parts of the military establishment were willing to sink to were things I wasn’t willing to condone.”

May closed her eyes briefly.

“So he’s always going to be in danger then.” She stated more than asked, and Tony’s response was swift.

“Not if I have anything to say about it. The only people who know he’s enhanced are you two, Pepper and I and Peter himself and with my resources I can manage any issues that arise, whether that’s to do with healthcare, schooling or anything else. Later on, the publicity of being known as my son will be its own shield – it’s much harder to make a celebrity vanish.”

They both winced at that, slightly wild looks in their eyes, and Tony took a breath, recognising the signs that they were both becoming overwhelmed.

“You’ll be here for several days yet,” he said kindly, “Why don’t I get you something to drink whilst you take the time you need to process and I’ll answer any questions you have later?”

May visibly rallied at that. “A cup of tea would be wonderful,” she said quietly. “Ben, would you like something to drink?”

“Do you have apple juice?” The man requested, and Tony smiled sympathetically at both of them.

“I think that can be managed.”
Notes:

    So, sorry if I worried anyone, but updates will be on Sundays (and probably late Sunday) for at least the next two weeks - until real life calms down a bit.

    This was a bit more angsty than normal, but on the plus side everyone is now in Malibu and Ben and May now have a carefully editted version of the truth. Time travel is still a little risky and sounds far too insane for anyone not used to superhero antics!

    I hope you all enjoyed it, and I'll see you next Sunday.

Chapter 40: Chapter 39
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

May let out a sigh, scrubbing a hand over her face tiredly as the nurses left the room having ensured both she and Ben had been safely helped into bed.

The rest of the afternoon had been difficult.

When Peter had returned to the lounge nearly an hour after he’d retreated downstairs there had still been a skittishness about him although it had been painfully obvious that the boy was trying not to show it. She thought she’d been able to keep her composure in front of her nephew but Ben no longer had the ability to maintain a mask for any length of time, and Peter was empathetic child. Their worry and unease had fed straight back into his, and they’d very nearly become trapped in a vicious cycle.

Thank goodness for Stark.

Out of all of them he seemed to be the least affected by the afternoon’s events and had taken charge of providing distractions, intervening when things looked like they were trending in unfortunate directions and keeping conversation going.

Pulling up the Star Wars: The Clone Wars cartoon had been a stroke of genius, and indicated that the man had certainly been paying attention to her nephew’s interests. With the program occupying a sizable portion of his attention Peter had finally been able to settle reasonably comfortably on the sofa and had even started contributing to the conversation going on around him.

That had been enough to carry them through until supper, and the break where both she and Ben took their medication had been enough for Stark to fold Peter into the meal preparation. Again, with the task claiming a large portion of his attention, it had proved easier for the boy to interact more naturally with them.

The addition of “Virginia, but everyone here calls me Pepper,” had also helped to alleviate the lingering tension. May hadn’t known what to expect from the woman that was Stark’s fiancé but she got the sense Pepper Potts was a formidable woman. She carried herself with a grace so long practiced it appeared instinctive and evidently possessed a deep charisma of her own though she did not flaunt it the way Stark did.

She’d certainly been able to read the underlying strain that still laced through the room, and had promptly joined forces with Stark to continue masking and reducing it. The two worked together with the ease that spoke of long acquaintance and mutual respect, and the meal that followed had been remarkably welcoming.

May hadn’t known what to expect of this visit, and the expectations she had formed when confronted by the private plane had been dashed again. She had never pictured Stark as a man who could cook, and whilst she’d known that he and Peter usually ate supper together, she hadn’t pictured a meal that felt so domestic.

If it were not for the understated opulence of the building itself, it would have been easy to believe they had simply been invited round for a meal with normal, if somewhat distant relatives. And Peter was so very clearly a part of that family.

It was evident that Peter was very comfortable with both of the adults and May could easily pick out the simple family rhythms. Peter’s seat was the one facing the window to the sea, next to Stark and opposite Pepper, and the boy had quickly set the table, clearly familiar with the layout of the kitchen. She’d had to hide a smile when he’d bounded up to Stark, having finished and the man had smiled, ruffled his hair and passed him the stirring spoon.

It relieved her. Peter was so obviously at home here, so obviously part of the family, with a place and patterns and routines. For all that his skittishness had coated the rest of the afternoon and the evening meal May had seen the moments when Peter had become distracted enough to simply relax.

May had to acknowledge she was impressed.

Stark loved Peter, she’d known that already. She’d seen it in the way he hovered, protective, how he immediately turned to offer comfort when the boy was distressed, in the way he knew her nephew and the way he’d speak about him.

Love could get you a very long way, did get you a very long way, but simply loving your child didn’t automatically make you a good parent. You couldn’t be a good parent without loving your child of course, parenting was hard, and it was your love for them that drove you in learning how to be the best parent you could be, that guided your decisions when you were hopelessly out of your depth. But that didn’t mean that there wasn’t skill involved.

It took skill and time to make a child feel loved and accepted in a new place, heaven knows how hard it had been for her and Ben when Mary and Richard had died. Peter had been so very quiet, so very wary and even though they had not been strangers to him, it had taken a long time for Peter to become as comfortable turning to them for help and reassurance as he appeared to be with Stark.

Despite her fear and panic when Peter had reacted so very badly to seeing Ben for the first time, she had been impressed again at the way Stark had handled it. The man had been able to de-escalate the situation, calm Peter down, and the boy had latched onto the comfort provided with no hesitation. It took time, and skill and love to build up the sort of relationship where a child listened to you, and turned to you for comfort even when deeply upset.

Stark had given Peter a good home here.

It made one decision easy at least. She’d have to confer with Ben, but unless she saw something go completely wrong in the next few days she wasn’t going to contest Stark’s application for Joint Custody. Peter belonged here and she would not be the one to take him away from another parent.  

That had implications of course, and there would be several things she would now have to discuss with the man, but there would be plenty of time over the next few days to corner the man, and presumably Pepper too, for that conversation.

It wasn’t giving up on Peter. For all that she was now comfortable letting Stark be a major part of her nephew’s life, she wasn’t going to just vanish from the boy’s life. It took a village to raise a child after all, and there was more than enough space for her and Ben in Peter’s life.

However, having Peter living with Stark full-time for the time being at least would be beneficial. She hadn’t let herself consider it too deeply, unwilling to make that concession, even in her thoughts, but she knew that her recovery would be long and arduous, and Ben’s would be worse. They would have made it work if they had needed to, but given Stark did seem to be a fit parent they had options now.

That didn’t stop it from hurting. Living full-time with his father might be the best thing for Peter, at least until they were significantly further along in their recoveries, and logically she even agreed with that conclusion, but it still hurt. She didn’t like being in a situation where she knew she couldn’t care for her nephew as she would wish.

She knew she was lucky, they were lucky, that they had Stark. Without him, Peter would have been spending months in foster care, and his life here was far superior to anything the State could have provided. Still, that didn’t stop the selfish part of her that wished that none of this had happened, that they were still a normal family making ends meet in Queens, with no life-changing injuries or connections to weapons-dealer-billionaires.

She pulled in another deep breath, closing her eyes for a moment. Figuring out what to do with regards to Peter’s custody and the practicalities of the fact Stark was now his father was important, but that wasn’t the only issue today had thrown up.

And she’d been avoiding thinking about it for too long already.

Peter was enhanced.

She hadn’t believed it at first, hadn’t wanted to believe it.

Ben noticing Peter’s lack of glasses had been the first thing that had started to persuade her that maybe it was real, and then her mind had turned to the other factors she’d overlooked. The speed with which Peter had crossed the room to Ben’s side – far too fast for a severely asthmatic child, and the tone Stark had used to calm him down, voice so quiet she couldn’t hear it from bare meters away but Peter evidently heard every word.

That had given her enough belief to listen to the rest of Stark’s explanation and the picture he painted of the consequences of discovery were nothing short of horrific, and far too believable. May knew her history, and was well aware of the depths the US establishment was and had been willing to sink to. The Tuskegee Syphilis Study was infamous after all, and given the stakes she couldn’t afford to take chances.

Still, with the potential consequences so high, part of her had continued to hope that it wasn’t real, that Stark was mad or lying. That part had been rather thoroughly obliterated once Peter returned.

The first sentence the boy had greeted them with was simple:

“Jarvis says Dad’s told you I’ve got powers?”

At the still somewhat shell-shocked nods he’d received in reply Peter’s eyes had tightened slightly, before he’d simply turned and climbed up the wall, and onto the ceiling, hanging by nothing but the palms of his hands. He held the position for a few seconds before dropping back down to the floor, landing safely on the balls of his feet. He’d retreated back behind Stark’s legs immediately afterwards, and hadn’t emerged again until his father set the cartoon going but the demonstration had been effective.

No ordinary seven-year-old could have completed that feat.

It had silenced the remaining doubts very quickly.

All she had to do now was figure out what the hell she did now. Oh, some of it was straightforward enough – there was no question about doing everything possible to keep Peter’s secret, and that meant she’d never breathe a word of it to anyone other than the few who already knew, and despite his injury she knew Ben would be able to do the same. It took focus and deliberate effort for him to speak now, and he’d always been good at keeping things confidential.

It was everything else that was overwhelming.

How did one parent an enhanced child with abilities on par with Captain America?

Learning to parent Peter had been hard enough when he’d been placed into their custody, eyes hollow with grief and so very scared. The books and classes and therapists had helped, some more than others, but there had been a support network there, patchy though it was. The only books that would even cover how to parent a super-powered child were comic books.

Parenting advice courtesy of the Dark Knight and the Flash.

A snort escaped her at that thought, and she ignored the hint of hysteria that laced it.

There were some things that life threw at you that you could never prepare for or expect. However, in all her daydreams and nightmares she’d never even thought of having to face a scenario like this. Children didn’t just gain super-powers.

Parker Luck.

One day May would find the deity that had gifted it to them, and when she did, she would have words.

“It’s time to get up buddy.”

Peter whined in the back of his throat, turning his head to nuzzle deeper into his pillow. He was awake, but he didn’t want to get up. If he got up he’d have to go downstairs and if he went downstairs he’d have to face Aunt May and Uncle Ben and that was hard and uncomfortable. He’d scared them and he knew they didn’t like his powers and they weren’t right either and it was safer up here in his room.

The bed dipped under his father’s weight and then a familiar hand was carding through his hair, and he couldn’t stop himself from leaning into the touch.

“That’s it kiddo.”

A second hand curled gently around his shoulder, encouraging him upwards and his father’s hugs were better than snuggling his pillow. With nothing more than wordless grumbles he allowed himself to be manoeuvred upwards, and as soon as he was sitting upright Peter promptly burrowed straight into his father’s embrace.

Mr Stark simply held him for several long moments, his cheek resting gently on Peter’s head and his arms a shield from all the bad things out in the world. Eventually however, his father’s soft voice broke the silence.

“Now I’m guessing you don’t really want to go downstairs Roo?” It was more a statement than a question, but Peter nodded anyway.

He felt his father exhale, and then he was being shifted so his face was no longer hidden in the man’s shirt and tender fingers tilted his face upwards until he met his father’s eyes.

“Avoiding them is just going to make things more difficult buddy,” he said simply, “The longer you put something off, the worse it is when everything falls apart.” The words were laced in bitter regret and old pain and Peter tucked himself more firmly against his father’s chest in a wordless display of support. The way the man’s lips quirked up and his eyes softened, told Peter that the gesture had been understood.

“I’m scared. I don’t want to lose them again.” The confession was quiet, and once the words were spoken the truth hung in the air.

It all boiled down to that in the end. He was frightened of interacting with his aunt and uncle, scared of mucking up again and frightening them, scared that they wouldn’t accept him and he would lose them again, scared because they weren’t the same people he remembered and rebuilding their relationship would be hard and he didn’t know how to.

He heard his father’s sigh and then a kiss was pressed to the crown of his head.

“I know Tesoro,” the words were quiet and soft, “And it’s okay to be afraid, this is important and I know you don’t want anything to go wrong.”

Peter nodded along as he listened, fingers twisting into the fabric of the man’s shirt as his father continued. “You’re going to have to be brave though. The only way to ensure that you don’t lose them is by going out and interacting with them.” He paused then, searching out Peter’s gaze and holding it.

“I know you can do it kiddo, you’re one of the bravest people I’ve ever known.”

A smile grew on his face at the sincerity of the compliment, and it widened as his father pulled him closer, tucking him back into his embrace.

“They plan for today is quite straightforward,” Mr Stark continued, “We’ll all be having breakfast separately, and then May and Ben will come up to the lounge. We were thinking of playing a board game for a bit before they need to have their physical therapy. We’ll have lunch together, and if they’re up to it, we’ll go down to the beach this afternoon. Does that sound like something you can cope with?”

Peter thought about it for a bit, a board game, lunch and a trip to the beach. It had been easier interacting with his Aunt and Uncle yesterday when he was actually doing something, so having a set of planned activities sounded like a good idea. Board game nights were also a tradition in the Parker household, and having that familiarity could only help.

“I think I can manage that,” he said slowly and was rewarded by a gentle smile.

“Tell me if you get overwhelmed again,” his father instructed him, the stern edge of the command, softened by the way his arms still cradled Peter securely, and the boy nodded obediently.

“Thank you.”

Another kiss was pressed into his curls before his father released him, a gentle push to his back encouraging the boy to slide off his lap.

“Breakfast will be ready in ten minutes. If you aren’t down by then, I’ll have to take drastic measures.” Fingers wriggled teasingly in the air, making the threat clear and Peter hurried towards his wardrobe. His father was very good at tickle-fights and had worked out where all of Peter’s vulnerable spots were, whilst not being particularly ticklish himself. It wasn’t fair and it was a threat Peter knew he was more than willing to go through with.

Just over half an hour later, the breakfast dishes had been completely cleared away and Peter was just making his way over to the board game cupboard when his father gestured for him to wait, before speaking to the AI.

“Jarvis – ask May and Ben for game preferences please.”

No more than a few minutes passed before Jarvis’ voice echoed through the room.

“Mr and Mrs Parker will be up shortly, and have expressed a preference for card games Sir.”

Eager for something to do, Peter immediately moved towards the game cabinet, quickly selecting three packs of cards and before making his way back to the table and starting to shuffle them. He’d hardly started when he heard his father sigh, and then the man moved over and sat beside him, calloused hands reaching over to cover Peter’s.

“Not like that kiddo, you’ll bend the cards.” Mr Stark opened the second pack and tipped the cards into his free hand. “If you want to shuffle properly you need to start like this…”

They were in the middle of a demonstration when the lift doors opened and May and Ben entered. Peter glanced up at the noise, an uncertain smile twisting at the corner of his lips but a gentle tap to the back of his hand, and a quiet comment refocussed his attention onto the careful shuffle he was trying to imitate.

Mr Stark kept the lesson going until both his aunt and uncle were safely seated at the table, before looking up and smiling as he greeted them both. Peter was grateful for the short reprieve, his father taking the lead meant that he’d had a few minutes to become acclimatised to the sound of his uncle’s heartbeat, and the mechanical creaking of the wheelchairs, and by the time his father had finished speaking he was able to muster up a smile and a quiet “Good morning.”

The greetings he received in return were only slightly strained, but Mr Stark didn’t let the awkward silence linger.

“Go Fish, Bridge, Whist or Rummy?” He asked, directing the question mainly at Uncle Ben. Peter supposed that made sense, his father has explained what the consequences of a TBI could be, and his uncle was likely to be limited in what he was able to do.

“Go Fish first.” His uncle replied slowly, “Then Whist if I manage that.”

They quickly fell into the rhythm of the game and as they did so, Peter gradually felt himself relax. This was familiar, and even though his uncle spoke slowly and sometimes stumbled over his move, it felt normal. This was something that had been a staple of his childhood, and it felt right somehow to sit with his father, and his aunt and uncle playing cards.

He could get lost in the game, forget for a few minutes that they weren’t the aunt and uncle he knew and just enjoy spending time with them, and relishing in the victories he managed to steal. It was nice and for a few precious moments he let himself become distracted from his fears and worries and simply enjoyed himself.

He was almost disappointed when Jarvis gently interrupted their second round of Whist.

“I’m afraid Mr and Mrs Parker are scheduled for Physical Therapy in fifteen minutes.”

Abruptly Peter was pulled back to reality, this wasn’t a normal card game evening or afternoon. His aunt and uncle were still injured badly, and things weren’t normal. He blinked again, and the presence of the wheelchairs, which had almost faded into the background, snapped back into clear focus.

He swallowed and carefully put down his cards, his excitement thoroughly dampened. He tried not to pay attention as the nurses returned, wheeling their charges away to the lift, trying to focus instead on placing each card precisely back in its packet.

That didn’t help.

For all he refused to look in their direction, his spidey sense tingled on the back of his neck, wordlessly informing him of every moment they were making. It wasn’t until the lift started to descend that Peter blew out the breath he’d been holding.

A warm hand came to rest on the back of his neck, and a little more tension uncoiled.

“Well done Tesoro,” his father’s voice was soft. “Now I believe Jarvis has a new prototype medical suit for us to work on if you’re up for that?”
Notes:

    Hello again - sorry for the delay and worrying you.

    Thank you for all the lovely messages I've recieved in the last few weeks - I'm alright, it's just been a rather hectic time in real life, with two weddings, a holiday and a broken down car. Things should be on a bit more of an even keel now, so hopefully I'll be back to a weekly update schedule now.

    As for the update, I hope you enjoyed seeing some of the fallout of the last chapter - we'll be spending quite a bit of time on the visit during the next couple of chapters, and I hope you enjoyed the mixture of family feels and angst!

    Hopefully see you all next Sunday!

Chapter 41: Chapter 40
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Peter seemed more settled today.

May had been somewhat apprehensive about how the day would go, particularly given how skittish the boy had been the previous evening but things had been remarkably relaxed. There was still a gulf between them, a new distance and wariness that hurt even as she understood the reasons why, but it had been nice to sit and play card games with her nephew, even if Ben wasn’t currently capable of anything more complex.

Being on the beach was also a lovely way to spend an afternoon. She still hadn’t quite become used to the level of wealth the private cove represented, although its existence wasn’t as logically shocking as other parts of the mansion had been. A private beach belonging to the cliff-side residence of a billionaire felt like the sort of thing that you should just expect.

Unlike the details of the rooms provided for both her and Ben. They were fully accessible, with drawers, sockets and even door handles at precisely the right height for a wheelchair user. The layout was evidently designed so that she had maximum manoeuvrable space for her chair, and the furniture both in the bedroom and the en-suite was obviously designed for people in wheelchairs.

She doubted Stark had previously had two completely accessible rooms on the ground floor of his mansion, and the fact he’d thought to make the effort of getting such rooms built was startling. It certainly didn’t fit in with the image of the man she’d originally seen in the media, however it did fit with the man she tentatively felt she was beginning to get to know.

Stark was a remarkably generous man, or at least he appeared to be that way towards Peter, and by extension them. She was also starting to see that there was a kind and loving heart behind the somewhat caustic and flippant exterior he presented to the press.

She didn’t doubt that those were parts of his personality, and he was certainly very secure in the knowledge of his own power and influence, both financially and politically, and she suspected there was a deeply ruthless streak to him. But she could see that those traits were not the sum of him, and there was a deep kindness to him, even if it was cloaked behind layers of steel.

Certainly the man currently half covered in sand, laughter ringing out as a second attempt at creating the Empire State Building collapsed into a heap was a far cry from the cold man known as the Merchant of Death.

May didn’t bother to smother the laugh that escape as Peter stared at the ungainly heap of wet sand, the forlorn expression on his face somewhat marred by the streaks of sand coating him for head to toe. Ben hadn’t fared much better, his legs were completely buried and sand from the collapse had been sprayed across his entire front.

“Perhaps you should try something less challenging this time?” She called over teasingly.

“Your aunt’s right kiddo,” Stark added, ruffling already sandy curls with his free hand, “There’s only so much that can be done with inferior materials.”

Peter pouted at that, sending a betrayed look at the sand and the chuckles that had been tapering off again restarted with a vengeance. The boy thought for a few moments before turning to look at his two helpers.

“Mos Eisley?” He asked, a hopeful lilt to his voice and Stark smiled again.

“That sounds possible buddy. You up for that Ben?”

Her husband took a moment to process the question, before he slowly nodded his agreement. Stark didn’t comment on the hesitation, just pulling up a map of the town on his tablet and letting Peter divide it into sections.

May shook her head when Peter turned to look at her, the question clear in his gaze. She was far happier sitting in the beach wheelchair, just watching and reading her book as the three of them built their sand-structures.

Unlike Ben, she couldn’t even stand for a brief moment, and the idea of sitting on sand she couldn’t feel beneath her, and where she would be relying entirely on her upper body strength to keep her upright didn’t appeal. She also wasn’t good at building sandcastles, and though their previous attempts had both collapsed, they were still far better than she could have managed.

No, she had her book to read, a seat in the shade, and as much free entertainment as she liked.

She just had to ignore the way Ben’s hands shook with faint tremors. Had to ignore the way he hesitated before speaking, sometimes lost his train of thought or looked up, confusion swirling in his eyes before blinking and coming back to himself. And she had to viciously smother the pain that sparked every time she noticed something new, making sure no hint of it ever showed on her face.

It didn’t stop the pain though. It hurt seeing her husband so unsure, struggling with even basic tasks and decision making and she knew that there was still a long way to go in his recovery, if he even did recover fully, which was far from guaranteed with an injury like this.

She should be grateful; she knew that a TBI like Ben’s could have been so much more severe and it did look like he would regain a lot of functionality. They expected that he would walk again, and the fact he was speaking logically and able to play games like Go Fish was an excellent sign, but that didn’t stop her heart from seizing at the way he still seemed so very distant, so very fragile.

He was still her husband, still the man she’d married but at the same time there were things missing. It was hard to watch him lose his train of thought, hard to watch him struggle to move, to see the way he really had to focus just to accomplish simple tasks like using a knife.

It would get better. He was still in the early parts of his recovery, and she knew that TBI patients could make major improvements up to two years after the initial injury and some continued to make slow improvements for up to ten years. It had only been a month. He was already far better than he had been when she’d first seen him awake in hospital.

She had to hope.

This situation was awful, and painful and wasn’t going to get better quickly, but she had to hold out what hope she could. She couldn’t give in, not when she still had a young nephew, and injured husband and her own recovery to manage.

“Aunt May?” Peter’s voice drew her out of her thoughts, and she looked up to see the boy hovering a few metres away.

“Yes baby?” She replied, careful to keep her voice light. Peter was far less skittish than he had been yesterday, but she had no desire to accidentally spark another meltdown.

“I made the Millennium Falcon! Dad’s working on the spaceport and the cantina, and Uncle’s Ben’s doing the houses so we’re nearly finished.”

May couldn’t stop the smile that rose up in response to the excited babble. It was much nicer seeing Peter bubbly and enthusiastic, and frankly it was reassuring. The fact he could still smile, and laugh and get excited about sandcastles meant that he hadn’t been quite so awfully scarred by his experiences.

She squinted against the afternoon sunlight, thankful for her sunglasses as she scanned the sculpture. This one was in far less danger of collapsing and the silhouette was unmistakable. She wasn’t anywhere near the Star-Wars fan her nephew or her husband was, but she’d seen the films enough that the layout felt somewhat familiar and she traced the sand streets until she reached the spaceport and caught sight of the ship.

“Well done Peter,” she said, “The detail on it is incredible.”

Peter beamed at the compliment before skipping back over to his father’s side and tucking himself unashamedly into the man’s hold. The smile on her face dimmed slightly, a sad tint coating the edge of it. The boy’s actions no longer surprised her, she knew Peter thrived on physical comfort and over the past days she’d seen how willing Stark was to indulge that tendency. Still, that didn’t silence the part of her that wished Peter was comfortable enough to turn to her for comfort instead.

However, it did reassure her that the tentative decision she’d come to the previous night was the right one, at least for now. She needed to speak to Stark of course, and it would be a conversation that they would revisit once she and Ben were recovered, but for the coming months, this was the best place for her nephew.

She leant back in the wheelchair, and continued to watch her nephew. Sandcastle building now complete, the boy was happily racing the breakers, his laughter trailing out behind him. She couldn’t supress the longing the rose up inside her as she watched, but whilst she knew it was possible to swim with an injury like hers, the open ocean was not a good place to experiment, particularly given it was a private beach, and therefore without a lifeguard.

She had the beach at least though, and the last day had felt far more holiday-like than she had been expecting, despite the requisite break for physical therapy. As frustrating as her limitations were, and as difficult as the conversations she knew were coming would be, it still felt wonderful to be out of the hospital, having as close as possible to a family holiday despite the circumstances.

Pepper felt tentatively hopeful.

It had been difficult having both May and Ben at the mansion, and even three days into their visit there was still an awkward tenseness lurking below the surface in virtually every interaction, but it was below the surface. It wasn’t the tension she’d come home to on Thursday night, so thick in the air that she could practically taste it.

Slowly things were improving, and whilst she knew Tony had needed to soothe tears and fears on several occasions, Peter had not broken down the way he had on that first night again. It helped too that they seemed to have struck on a strategy that worked, as long as Peter had a defined set of activities, he was able to interact reasonably comfortably with his aunt and uncle.

It was a crutch, and both she and Tony knew that using distractions to ensure Peter could interact with his aunt and uncle wasn’t a sustainable long-term strategy, but it worked for now. The mental wounds were deep, and it wasn’t surprising that Peter needed the help, at least initially.

It would be so much easier if they could get a trained therapist.

However, she was aware that was asking for an impossibility. Until the world had seen superheroes, alien invasions and an almost dizzying array of superpowers no therapist would be able to listen to their stories without proclaiming them delusional. Without being able to discuss the time travel, the therapy wouldn’t be effective, so much of what was wrong linked back to that point.

No, it would be years before a conventional therapist was an option so in the interim they would just have to muddle through. She was grateful though that all three of them had time travelled, trying to do all of this alone would have been awful, at least they had each other now.

They were coping, and Peter had proven to be remarkably resilient. That was something he’d evidently inherited from Tony, her fiancé had been able to pull himself through situations that most of the world would shudder at. Not unharmed, and Pepper knew just how deeply he was scarred but he possessed a core of steel, and so it seemed did Peter.

That was something to be grateful for. The child was hurt, and obviously struggling but he was trying and things were slowly but steadily improving.

May and Ben had been struggling too. Pepper had never known the Parkers, Ben having died before she knew of their existence and then May had been snapped, but that distance had helped. She didn’t have any preconceived ideas about how they might react or behave.

Even despite that, it had been obvious from the start they were both uneasy. That was understandable, Pepper could certainly remember just how out of place she’d felt the first time she’d come to the mansion, and by that point she’d already worked with Tony for some time. Throw in the issues with Peter, and frankly she was relieved that things hadn’t been more difficult.

Thankfully, they had both relaxed as the days passed by and their conversations had progressed from obligatory small talk into subjects that were actually interesting. Discovering that she did share some common interests with May had been helpful, and although they were not friends yet, Pepper could see the potential there.

The upcoming conversation was unlikely to be easy however. May had pulled Tony aside briefly this morning and requested that they speak once Peter was in bed, and Pepper suspected that this would finally be the conversation they had needed from the start.

Carefully she smoothed her fingers over the legal documents laid out on the table. Tony would be down in a few minutes, and Ben and May were taking their evening medication. Provided Peter was actually asleep, they would be able to discuss everything without risking the boy overhearing and becoming upset.

A familiar tread on the floor alerted her to Tony’s presence and she smiled as he slid into the seat next to her, coffee already in his hand.

“Custody papers, and penthouse details?” He asked lowly and she just nodded, tilting the folder so he could get a better view.

Tony hummed thoughtfully. “Talk through custody first?” He proposed, “We’ve got at least a month before our move, and they’ll be in hospital for months yet.”

“Do you want to raise the issue of school?” She asked, nodding her agreement to his suggestion. Getting the custody arrangements dealt with, preferably without having to go through the courts any more than necessary was the priority, everything else could wait a little longer if necessary.

“Only if they do,” Tony responded, “I do want to raise the issue of Ned however. I don’t have contact details for his parents and it’s worth trying to see whether that friendship is recoverable.”

Pepper frowned slightly, Ned was a name she had heard in passing, but she didn’t know any other further details. However, Tony knew his son far better than she did, and having contact with other children his own age would do Peter good.

The rest of the conversation was cut off as the lift doors opened and May and Ben were wheeled in. Carefully Pepper turned the papers over, concealing their details from the two nurses. Whilst they were both Stark Industries employees and had been thoroughly vetted, there was no sense taking chances. She was sure that they had come up with a mostly correct theory for Peter’s existence, but the fewer details they were exposed to, the less they were capable of leaking.

May was quick enough to pick up on the unspoken cue and waited until the lift had started its descent before she spoke.

“Ben and I have discussed it, and given our current injuries and the home you’ve made for Peter here, we think it’s best that Peter remains with you for the next few months.”

Pepper’s first reaction was relief, although she was too experienced with negotiations to let that emotion show on her face. Whilst they wouldn’t have allowed Peter to be returned to their care whilst they were still in hospital or care facilities, having May and Ben acknowledge that this was the best solution meant they didn’t need to get the courts involved.

“And beyond that?” Tony’s voice was level and controlled.

May straightened, and Pepper could see the way Ben kept his gaze steadily on her. It was a dynamic she had become familiar with over the past few days; Ben didn’t often speak but he was paying as careful attention as his injury allowed.

“We’ve agreed that we won’t contest Joint Custody.” May said bluntly, “We know that physical custody isn’t plausible for a while yet, we’re both too ill still, particularly given Peter’s needs but we don’t want to be cut out of his life.”

Pepper was nodding as they spoke, their sentiments were reasonable, however there were a few legal issues with that position. They hadn’t been certain until May and Ben had come to stay with them, but having seen how much support they still needed, the situation had changed somewhat.

“Joint Custody requires you to be in a suitable position to take care of Peter,” she replied simply, “In the original filing it specifies that it will come into effect once our six months of emergency full custody is up.” She paused for a moment, letting them both process that statement.

“Whilst we would be happy to come to an arrangement for Joint Custody once you are in a stable enough position, would I be correct in thinking that you are unlikely to have reached such a position within five months?”

A hiss of breath escaped May’s lips, and beside her Ben sighed.

“The doctors said my recovery will take two years at least.”

“Eight months they guess for me,” May said quietly, a bitter tint to her voice, “And I have no idea what sort of work I’ll be able to get after that. Too much depends on what I recover.”

“That leaves full custody as the only option then,” Tony said quietly, features carefully blank, although Pepper could see traces of the relief that statement carried. “That of course involves visitation rights for you both, and it won’t be the permanent option – it’ll be revisited at regular intervals, so it can be changed when your situation improves.”

He waited a heartbeat and then added, “We’ll be moving to New York in the Fall anyway, so he’ll be close enough you’ll be able to see him often.”

“We can put that in the arrangement,” Pepper interjected smoothly, “It will specify that you are entitled to regular visits, and open communication regardless, and will be reviewed every twelve months.”

The silence stretched for a long moment and Pepper waited patiently. This was not the sort of decision it would be helpful to pressure them into. If they wanted to keep a good relationship with the Parkers, and for Peter’s sake they did, they needed May and Ben to agree. The two of them had started to discuss it in hushed tones but in the interests of privacy Pepper focussed her attention on the paperwork in front of her, doing her best not to listen in.

Eventually May let out a deep breath, closing her eyes for a long moment before opening them and meeting first Pepper’s and then Tony’s gaze.

“We don’t have a choice do we?” The question was rhetorical and there was an aching sadness and bitterness below it. “Ben and I are in no position to look after Peter…” She trailed off, a single tear glinting in her eyes.

“You always have a choice,” Pepper said gently but the woman shook her head.

“No we don’t” May rebutted sharply, “Not when this alternative is so clearly better for Peter. It’s just…” her voice choked off again.

“I swear he’ll be loved,” Tony said, sincerity coating every word, “He’ll be cared for, protected, and as long as I live and breathe, he’ll be safe.”

May’s smile was tight. “We know,” she said quietly, “That’s the only reason I can let go.”

Silence fell and for a few moments Pepper considered whether it was even worth bringing up the second idea, but the way both May and Ben were so very clearly struggling with this made up her mind.

“We had another proposal for you as well,” she said, keeping her voice calm and controlled, “To ensure privacy and security we will buy the apartments adjacent to the one we intend to use. One of those is yours if you want it.”

The look of absolute shock on both their faces would have been comical if the subject matter had been less serious. “You do not need to decide now, or even quickly,” she added, “But the offer is open and would allow you to be an active part of his life during your recovery.”

“That’s very generous.” May managed eventually, her voice slightly choked.

“Why?” Ben managed; disbelief painted clearly over his face.

“You’re family,” Tony replied simply, “I may not know you well yet, but you are my son’s only remaining family, and family look out for each other.” A wry smile twisted his face then, “I just happen to have better resources that most.”

Pepper carefully concealed an inappropriate chuckle at that remark. That was one way of putting it, and for as long as she’d known the man that trait had been true. Tony had always been remarkably generous to those he considered his, even if his gestures were perplexing and downright annoying at times.

This one however, was one of his better ideas, but judging by the poleaxed looks on both their faces, it would take the Parkers some time to process it. Not that she blamed them. It took quite some time to get used to the way Tony Stark could spend millions at the drop of a hat.

Intellectually Pepper was aware she wasn’t much better now, having had nearly twenty years to get used to having the resources of a billionaire at her fingertips. But unlike her fiancé she could remember growing up in a solidly middle-class household, and thus had a better understanding of how abnormal such amounts of money and gestures were to ordinary people.

“We’ll have to discuss it,” May managed eventually and Pepper sent her a sympathetic smile.

“Why don’t we leave it there for today?” She proposed quietly, “There are a few more minor things we need to talk through, but Peter can be present for those, and we’ve just dropped a lot on you both.”

May’s sigh and Ben’s nod were answer enough and Pepper deftly turned the conversation to safer waters. They had what they needed. They’d avoided a court battle and Peter was staying with them.
Notes:

    Hello everyone! I hope you enjoyed this chapter.

    Another stint inside May's head, and Pepper as well for good measure. I hope you liked the custody resolution - I have spent far too long pouring over the details of possible custody arrangements, and I think this is the 'correct' posistion as far as custody law goes - though I am handwaving over the details a bit. I am not a lawyer - and not American and their legal system is confusing at best and downright labyrinthian at worst.

    Also - I had no idea beach wheelchairs were a thing until I looked it up - and there are some really interesting things about how to make places accessible for wheelchair users.

    We'll be seeing some more of Ben and May next chapter, as well as Peter as this visit comes to a close, so see you next time!

Chapter 42: Chapter 41
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Ben blinked as the dizziness in his brain faded away.

Where was he?

A room that looked familiar, like he’d been here before but it was not his bedroom. His wife, a worried expression on her face, was sitting nearby, and through the windows the setting sun was turning the ocean amber. Oh that’s right, Stark Mansion, Malibu, visiting Peter and his father – Stark - who was not Ben’s brother.

He didn’t like using the lift. It was necessary given he couldn’t use the stairs in his wheelchair, but he was often disorientated after using it. What had he been doing before he’d come down here? Carefully he searched through his memories and there! They’d been having a conversation with Tony and Pepper about Peter.

It had been difficult. May was still looking worried.

“Are you alright May?” He asked, frowning as her expression smoothed over. That wasn’t right, she didn’t need to hide from him.

“I’m fine,” she replied quietly, and Ben’s lips twisted at that answer. She wasn’t fine, his brain might be scrambled, but he could still read his wife well enough to see that lie.

“Did we do the right thing?” The question slipped out and Ben smiled before he remembered that that wasn’t how he was supposed to react, but it was good to know he had correctly worked out she was upset.

He had a question to answer.

‘The right thing’, that must mean Peter, and staying with Stark. That at least was a simple answer. He might still be early in his recovery, and prone to getting disorientated but he knew his limitations.

“It was the only thing.” He replied. “I forget too much, and get disorientated. I can’t look after him, and I can’t work, not for a while yet.”

“There’s insurance, and we could try and sue.” May said, although there was doubt in her voice.

He hadn’t thought about insurance and suing. They would need to eventually; they’d lost two incomes and didn’t know how long it would be until they were able to work again and, in the meantime, they had bills to pay. Savings would last a couple of months at most and then they’d be in trouble.

He was getting side-tracked. Making a claim would be important but there was something else that had been wrong with May’s statement.

That was it.

“Even with money covered I’m not able to look after him May,” he said quietly. “I’d forget something at the wrong time and it would be dangerous.”

She deflated at that, one hand coming up to cover her face.

“I know,” she admitted softly, “It’s just hard.”

“He’s our kid.”

The silence stretched between them and Ben felt May reach out and grasp his hand, holding on fiercely. The physical contact was a lifeline, reassuringly familiar, in a world that had been so very difficult since he’d woken up in hospital.

“It won’t be forever,” May said eventually, her tired voice filling the quiet room. “We’ll still be part of his life and we’ll be able to take Joint Custody eventually.”

Ben didn’t reply, he could recognise when his wife was trying to convince herself of something, and he knew that he didn’t currently possess the ability to actually reassure her. She knew him too well to buy any of his platitudes and he doubted he could focus well enough to make one convincing.

There wasn’t much they could do about the situation anyway. He didn’t like it, he didn’t like anything about his injury or its consequences, but this was one of very few silver linings. They’d discovered Peter had a living father who was more than happy to take the role seriously. That meant he’d be safe, be loved and taken care of when they couldn’t do so.

They were never meant to be Peter’s parents. They’d fought for him when his brother and Mary had died, they had been determined not to abandon Peter to the system, not when they could provide him with a home and a family but they’d never been meant for that role.

It was Mary and Richard, or Stark he supposed, that should have raised Peter. They were never meant to be more than temporary, it should have only been for two weeks. But two weeks had become three years, and in that time Peter had become more than a nephew, he’d been theirs.

Was that why it hurt so much?

“He’s happy,” May managed, a waver in her voice that he recognised. “And we’ll visit him as often as possible. That’ll be enough.”

It would have to be.

Why did letting go hurt so much?

It wasn’t as if they had many options, and this objectively was a very good option, and certainly the best thing for Peter. Doing the best thing for your child was a parent’s job and parents they’d been, but in this day and age, in a prosperous, peaceful, stable country, and a happy marriage nothing had warned them that doing the best thing for their child would be so personally painful.

They weren’t supposed to face this sort of choice.

He could taste salt. Why could he taste salt?

Oh.

He was crying.

He hadn’t realised he was that upset.

Ben looked up, an instinct prompting him to look towards his wife, and he saw May was crying too.

For several long moments they just wept, grieving together for the child they’d given-up, for the uncertain future that stretched out before them, and the dreams that could now never be fulfilled.

There would be time later. Time to heal, to rebuild, and forge new lives from the ashes of the old, to again find joy, and dream and laugh. But for now they mourned, mourned for everything they’d lost.

May’s thoughts refused to still, even if the simple, boring task of packing a suitcase was normally something that she found quite soothing. The implications and reverberations from last night’s discussion were still rattling around her head, and though a decent night’s sleep had helped matters somewhat, she was still far from settled.

Mourning the consequences of the decision they’d made had been cathartic but she wasn’t foolish enough to think that it would be the end of it. She’d be seconding-guessing this particular call for months, and scrutinising Peter’s every mood and nuance of behaviour for signs that she’d made the correct call.

Although she knew logically it had been the correct, and only plausible decision, it would take far longer to convince her heart of that. Until then, and perhaps beyond, she would be unable to silence the doubts that rose up, or quiet the guilt that lurked below.

Still, that was only one of the trains of thought rattling around her skull. The conversation with Stark and Pepper had gone in some unexpected directions, and the final offer was the one she had the most difficulty processing.

Stark had offered them a house.

Well, not exactly a house. She’d only glanced at the folder of documents she’d been handed, but if the images on the front and the address was anything to go by, it was a luxury apartment in the heart of Manhatten. The sort of property that she’d only ever looked at out of curiosity, to see what you could buy if you won the lottery.

Certainly, it wasn’t the sort of place she had ever been able to imagine actually living in, and Stark had just offered it to them, and the insinuation had been that they would not be expected to pay, or to pay anything more than a token amount.

She’d have to check the accompanying documentation carefully of course, and there were plenty of other practicalities to consider beyond simply rent. Insurance, utilities, tax, there were far more costs associated with a property than its rent, and they would need to be taken into account too.

But the offer in the first place, a safe and luxurious home, and a way to be easily involved in Peter’s life, with the boy just next door. It was remarkably generous, particularly given that Stark barely knew them, and despite the fact they’d been Peter’s guardians for years, she was aware that they weren’t actually blood-relatives.

The man didn’t have any obligations towards them, but had made the gesture nevertheless. It was, she was beginning to suspect, somewhat indicative of the way Stark operated.

And here, she’d thought the planes were bad!

Being able to buy three luxury apartments, and potentially keep two empty just because of privacy and security concerns? That level of wealth was incomprehensible.

Still, it seemed she would have to at least get used to it somewhat. Stark was a fixture in their lives now, with all that implied.

Peter bounced on the soles of his feet, fingers twitching by his side. Aunt May and Uncle Ben were going home today and he couldn’t quite decide how he felt about that. It had been hard having them here, and he hadn’t realised just how difficult it would be until they were here, and weren’t right.

It had got better though, and he’d had fun.

Not all the time, there had been moments when it had just hurt, and he’d been relieved when he’d been able to retreat down to the lab or his room. But as the days had passed, meals had become more relaxed, and now, five days after they’d arrived, he was able to sit and chat with them, or play a board game without unease creeping up his spine. Not without either his father or Pepper nearby, or without something to do and distract him true, but that was still a vast improvement from that first evening.

He’d miss them, he realised suddenly. Not just the people they used to be, and who’s loss still ached fiercely, but he’d miss the aunt and uncle he had met now, even though they were different and still not right, or fully his.

Was that a good sign? It probably was he decided. Missing them, was a sign that he was beginning to like them even though they still weren’t exactly right, and that he’d maybe want to be around them even though it wasn’t easy. His father had been right, and interacting with them had got easier the more he’d done it.

That didn’t mean that a large part of him wasn’t relieved to know they were leaving though. He’d been on edge and tense for most of the last few days and he was tired. Being scared was exhausting and even though it was better than it was, he still wanted to not have to worry about running into them when he wasn’t expecting it.

He was still scared of mucking up, and although this was almost a second chance, particularly with Uncle Ben, that didn’t make the fear magically disappear. If anything, knowing just how easily it had all been snatched away last time made it worse. But perhaps he could begin to hope that there might be a relationship he could rescue, family that he could have, alive, this time around.

Maybe.

Hope was dangerous.

Hope was even more dangerous when it had to do with family. That was a bitter lesson, but he’d learnt it well.

Losing five parents in seventeen years was more bad luck than anyone deserved to have. They’d always joked about Parker Luck, but maybe there was actually such a thing, and in which case it would be better not to anger it. He knew there were magic users after all, he’d met some, so the idea that the family luck might be real didn’t seem so farfetched.

Would Parker Luck even apply if he was actually a Stark?

It wasn’t worth the risk. He might be immune from Parker Luck now, but it was better to be cautious. Uncle Ben’s death had pulled him out of his complacency, and it had been a lesson reinforced again and again as Spiderman. There wasn’t a limit on the bad things that could happen to a single person, and you always had to try and stop the bad things if you could.

“Their cars will be here in a few minutes buddy,” his father’s voice broke into his thoughts and Peter jumped slightly before he processed the words.

“Time to say goodbye?”

“Your Aunt and Uncle have just entered the garage Young Sir,” Jarvis put in.

A gentle hand on his back propelled him forward and soon Peter found himself in the garage. It was much easier to hug them both now, and the hugs he received in return were fierce. Aunt May pressed a kiss to his forehead, a distinctly watery look in her eyes, and Uncle Ben ruffled his hair, shooting Peter a grin that was achingly familiar and warming at the same time.

“We’ll see you soon baby,” Aunt May promised, “We’ll be back for the wedding, and Tony’s been telling us all about the starring role you’ll be playing in the ceremony.”

Peter couldn’t help but grin at the reminder, even though he knew his aunt was just trying to distract him. He’d finally made up his mind and decided he would prefer to be the ring-bearer, but only if his father let the bots be flower bots. Mr Stark had grumbled a bit about the potential mess, but Peter knew his father well enough to know that his complaints weren’t really serious.

“He’ll be brilliant,” his father agreed, “We’ve got an appointment this week to get suits for both of us.”

“I’ll need a suit?”

Peter turned betrayed eyes up at his father, not reassured in the least by the way his father’s eyes sparkled teasingly at him.

“The full-works,” he said solemnly, though his lips were twitching, “Bow-tie, waistcoat, dress-shirt, cufflinks, and of course the suit itself.”

Peter pouted. Formal clothes were always itchy and any tie was irritating. His pout deepened when he noticed that his aunt and uncle were failing to conceal chuckles.

“You’ll look very handsome Peter,” his Aunt said reassuringly, however she undercut that with her next sentence. “You’ll send us pictures I assume Tony?”

His father’s answering smile was a betrayal; however, the real nail-in-the-coffin came when Jarvis spoke. “I will ensure you have a detailed compilation of images Mrs Parker. Would you also like video clips from the fitting?”

“Mr Jarvis!”

Peter’s cry of protest was drowned out by May’s reply. “That would be wonderful thank you Jarvis. I look forward to seeing Peter in his finery.”

His cheeks were flaming red, and although his father was responsible for this situation, he still provided an excellent place to hide. Peter pressed his face into the man’s side, staunchly avoiding looking at anyone in the room.

His father carded a comforting hand through his hair, even as he spoke with Aunt May and Uncle Ben. Once all the travel details had been gone over for the final time, a gentle hand, coaxed him out from his hiding place.

“It’s time to say goodbye.”

The goodbyes were stilted, awkwardness flowing back into the interactions. As soon as their car had vanished around the bend in the driveway, Peter dropped his waving hand, and slumped straight into his father’s side, tension flowing out of him.

Strong hands immediately steadied him, holding him firmly against his father’s side.

“A gentle rest of the morning I think.”

“But I wanted to go to the lab…” Peter would deny it, but his voice hovered perilously close to a whine, and sharp brown eyes surveyed him carefully.

“Perhaps this afternoon,” his father allowed, “But you know the rule about working in the lab when you’re tired or upset.”

Peter did know that rule, and knew it wasn’t something he’d get his father to budge on. The man was very particular when it came to lab safety, especially where Peter was concerned, and had simply stopped work, and carried Peter upstairs more than once.

Still, a calm morning wouldn’t necessarily be that bad. In fact, now he thought about it, there were many things about it that seemed nice.

“Star Wars, Lego and snuggles?” He asked, a hopeful lilt in his voice.

His father’s face gentled, a tender, amused smile stretching across his lips.

“I think that can be arranged Roo.”
Notes:

    Hello again! Sorry for the delay - real life is busy. I'll try to keep to some sort of schedule, and updates will still come on Sundays but they might not be weekly anymore.

    Regardless, I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. It was interesting getting May and Ben's perspectives - last chapter wasn't easy for either of them, but I hope the fluff at the end was a bit of a relief. And this concludes the visit arc - we've got a few more chapters to advance plot and revisit older schemes before we reach the wedding itself, so I hope you'll enjoy those.

    See you all soon!

Chapter 43: Chapter 42
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“I’ve had the response from Seward and Brookes Daniel.”

Daniel Sherwin looked up, a hint of a frown crossing his face. They were rapidly running out of time before Stane’s case went before a preliminary hearing, and it would be so much simpler if his attorneys could persuade the man to accept the plea deal.

The case against the man was watertight after-all, and he had no doubt that his team could tear any attempt of a defence to shreds. Amelia in particular possessed a remarkably vicious streak and was merciless in cross-examination. He would have enjoyed watching her verbally eviscerate the man, but he knew from long experience that juries were unpredictable, and trials that became media circuses were worse.

If it reached that stage, this trial would certainly be a media circus.

“What have they requested this time?” He kept his irritation firmly behind his teeth. Seward and Brookes were an expensive firm, with a reputation for being unscrupulous about the cases they would defend provided their clients were willing to pay generously and upfront. They’d been batting potential plea deals back and forth for the best part of a week, and he’d laughed the first one straight out the office.

“They’ll accept the conspiracy to commit first-degree murder and kidnapping charges if we agree not to seek the death penalty and reduce the treason charge to providing material support to terrorists.” Amelia’s summary was matter of fact and Daniel’s eyebrows rose as he considered it.

This was the first response to an offer they’d made that actually sounded reasonable.

Perhaps one of them had actually looked at the evidence they’d been provided with. Daniel hadn’t seen many cases that were as open-and-shut as this one in his career. Stane had always had a reputation around SI for being meticulous, and that tendency had proved to be his downfall in the end. The files the FBI had found on his computer were nothing short of damning.

Now Seward and Brookes had seen sense it would be far easier to work with them. This offer made their position clear; they’d capitulated on most of the offences, just tweaking the severity here and there to make sure their client wasn’t left with the death sentence.

Daniel could work with that. Going for the death penalty was rather difficult in the federal courts regardless, and the appeals process could easily take another twenty years or more. Dealing with that would take manpower, and drag the case back into the media spotlight at regular intervals which would certainly be non-optimal.

“What sort of sentence would we be looking at Amelia?” He asked.

“Life sentences for the first two, and twenty years for the terrorism charge, to be served consecutively. That leaves us with a minimum of fifty years before he would be eligible for parole, although we could request that is forgone.”

The man was already comfortably into his sixties, fifty years meant he would be dying in prison, without them having to worry about a distracting set of appeals.

“Have they said anything about a plea deal on the State charges?”

“Nothing yet,” she said, shaking her head, “I suspect they’re waiting until after the sentencing decision at the federal level.”

That wasn’t unexpected either. With the federal case taking precedence over the state charges, they were doing their duty to their client by keeping any cards they possessed close to their chest. Not that they actually had any cards to play, but nevertheless it was legitimate professional behaviour.

He leant back in his chair, steepling his fingers as he thought.

“I’ll have to take it past Stark,” he said eventually. “But prepare the paperwork. I think this is the best we’ll get without things getting ugly.”

She nodded sharply, “The preliminary trial paperwork as well I assume?”

“Please.”

It never hurt to be thorough and whilst he hoped he could convince his boss that taking the plea deal would be the best course of action, he’d worked for Tony Stark for years, and the man possessed an utterly ruthless streak. Daniel suspected the fact that Stane’s crimes had been so very personal wouldn’t help matters either.

Victims of crime normally went in two directions, either they’d welcome the plea deal as they didn’t want to go through the hassle and trauma of a court case, and were just happy to see the perpetrator locked up, or they’d be desperate for vengeance and want to see the full force of law and maximum penalties applied. A plea deal in those cases was normally perceived as the perpetrator getting off lightly.

Daniel sucked in a deep breath, grateful for the privacy of having an individual office. He didn’t want any of his subordinates overhearing the conversation he was about to have.

The receiver rang sharply twice, then with a click it connected.

“Good morning Emily, it’s Daniel from Legal. I’ve got a time sensitive update on the Stane case and I need to speak with Stark urgently.”

Thin fingers absently twirled a pen as he waited. Everyone at SI knew that Stark was difficult to pin down at the best of times, and the only way to reliably get a meeting was to go through Miss Potts. Otherwise, you had to rely on simply running into the man around SI, which happened more frequently than you would expect from a CEO, and the rumour mill suggested that several occurrences were due to the man attempting to avoid obligatory meetings.

However, finding Stark within SI was always a gamble and Daniel didn’t have the time to sacrifice on a hunt that was more likely than not to fail.

“Daniel? I believe you wished to speak with Mr Stark about the Stane case?”

“That is correct Miss Potts,” he kept his tone scrupulously polite. Within SI Miss Potts was almost as well known as Stark himself. Although on paper she was merely his secretary, she was the only person in the company who could actually corral Stark, and Daniel was aware of the power that position gave her.

“We have a potential plea deal,” he elaborated, “However I need his approval before accepting it.”

“I see.” A few clicks and a muffled conversation echoed down the line before she spoke again. “Mr Stark will call you within the next half hour so please do not leave your computer.”

“Understood. Thank you Miss Potts.”

The line disconnected with a clear click, and Daniel leant back in his chair, slightly surprised at how quickly the request had been processed. He would have expected Stark’s schedule to be busier that this, although he may have simply been fortunate. On the other hand, Stark’s newly realised paternity might have worked in his favour, perhaps freeing the man’s schedule somewhat.

It would be interesting to see how the presence of a child changed their CEO. Whilst the boy’s existence was still a secret – he’d handled all the paperwork personally – the ripples from his existence were spreading across the company. Stark had certainly appeared changed if the rumour mill was to be believed.

His appearances at the company offices had been rare over the past months, but the common consensus was that Stark appeared more driven, more focussed. Certainly, the number of new patents that had gone through Legal in the last two months was the highest in the company’s history.

A quick succession of beeps from his computer was all the warning he received and he just had time to straighten in his chair before Stark’s face appeared on his screen.

“A plea deal for Stane?” Stark’s voice was sharp, cutting through the air, even as dark eyes focussed on Daniel. It was remarkably intimidating, even over a screen.

Carefully Daniel outlined their entire exchange with Seward and Brookes, detailing the charges Stane’s team were prepared to accept and the likely sentence.

“What’s the probability of Stane getting the death penalty if we take this through the courts?” Stark asked bluntly once he’d finished.

“Twenty percent, maybe less,” Daniel said frankly, “And I’d expect it to be appealed.”

“Between the fines for the state embezzlement charges, and the civil suit, we’ll drain his personal wealth,” Stark mused, a hard cast to his face. Something dark flickered over the man’s features as he thought and Daniel kept silent, unwilling to interrupt his boss when he was in that mood.

Everyone in SI knew Stark had arrested Stane personally, and only the most junior or green employees didn’t suspect that their boss had something to do with the terrorist bases spontaneously blowing up across the desert. They’d all seen the videos after all, and whilst they were all familiar with the eccentric billionaire and playboy side of his personality, his cold and ruthless persona were also well-known.

“Take the deal for the federal charges,” Stark said eventually. “Let me know when the state charges come through. Regardless, I want you to sue him for conversion. The weaponry he mis-sold was worth millions and I want him to bleed every last dollar.” A smile crossed his lips then, an expression that wasn’t remotely friendly.

“In fact – get a new not-for-profit set up – with myself as CEO. I want every dollar you extract from him going towards tracking down the missing shipments and providing emergency response services.” He paused, and an expression Daniel couldn’t read crossed his face.

“Call it the Avenger’s Initiative.”

“Of course Sir, we’ll get all that ready. Is there anything else?”

The man shrugged. “Pep will send through the details for the not-for-profit. It’ll need a few unusual features.”

Daniel just nodded his agreement. He’d worry about this new company once he had the details, in the meantime he’d be able to get the first Stane trial sorted. Thankfully, the call ended soon afterwards and he settled back into his chair, a sigh escaping.

Stark had agreed to the plea deal for the federal charges. That would make his job much easier and he’d indicated he’d consider taking a deal for the state ones, and hopefully Seward and Brookes would also prove reasonable there. Certainly, if they weren’t, he was sure he’d get Stark’s agreement to eviscerate them in the courtroom.

He’d set Amelia on the conversion case. She would enjoy the opportunity to pursue this, and civil cases were far less likely to devolve into media circuses. The fact their juries were only half the size also helped lessen the chance of an unpredictable verdict. Still, they’d have a strong case, and he would be disappointed if he couldn’t liberate Stane of several million at least.

He forced himself to make a quick set of notes, ensuring the he didn’t forget any of the details of the conversation, and highlighting the key action points before leaving the issue of the conversion case to the side. His immediate priority was dealing with the federal charges, and ensuring that the first element of Stane’s punishment was appropriately dealt with.

Pepper frowned slightly as she thought, fingers flying across her keyboard. Jarvis had warned her that Tony had given Daniel instructions to get the Avengers Initiative up and running, and that had given her just enough time to pull the preliminary documents together.

A quick series of taps sent another tranche of emails, and she took a sip of the ginger tea Emily had left on the desk. Hiding her grimace at both the taste and the ever-present nausea, she pulled up another spreadsheet, sharp eyes scanning the projections.

Setting up a not-for-profit company was simple enough, and keeping it strictly not-for-profit meant that they didn’t have to relinquish any control to shareholders as well as giving them an easy way to transfer money from Stark Industries, as well as their personal wealth, legally. Donations to relevant not-for-profits and charities were well established practices in the business world, and the tax breaks the Initiative would gain would also be useful.

If the Avenger’s Initiative was simply another company, they would only be able to plough personal wealth into it, and they wouldn’t easily be able to transfer SI assets or personnel. It would also let them access public donations. That wouldn’t be their main revenue stream, but in the event of another disaster like the Invasion of New York, it would let them do fundraising drives for repairs and rebuilding.

Its main revenue stream would be separate however. She had already locked down the image rights to Iron Man and negotiations for the rights to Captain America and its associated merchandise were ongoing. Disney was ample proof of just how much money could be generated by clever merchandising, and Pepper was confident that it would be simple enough to make the Avengers Initiative self-sufficient.

It would also avoid a whole host of problems that dogged the previous incarnation. Tony would not be seen as the main benefactor, and the group of enhanced they’d bring together would have no reason to feel they had a direct claim on his time and resources beyond that expected of a colleague. They’d have no reason to become dependent or take him for granted – they’d have their own separate buildings, their own revenue stream and pre-agreed salaries and ways to apply for gear improvements and upgrades via official channels.

Realistically, she knew that Tony would design most of their gear – he was too paranoid about safety to leave such things to chance, particularly if he cared about the individuals involved. However, it was certainly possible that other enhanced might possess the right combinations of knowledge to contribute. Bruce was a genius, although his specialism wasn’t engineering, and if she recalled correctly Scott Lang had been an engineer originally.

It would be easy enough to set up contracts for the ‘full-time’ heroes such as Banner or Rogers that included non-Avenging jobs and duties. It would allow them to keep more things ‘in-house’, and frankly, for the vast majority of the time there were not enough Avengers-level threats to occupy all the heroes they intended to reach out to. It would be all hands-on deck for Thanos of course, but that was an exceptional circumstance.

No, day jobs would go a long way to ensuring that all the members were occupied, and had the means and ability to be independent functioning adults. It wouldn’t matter for a lot of the part-time heroes and vigilantes that they intended to bring on board – they already had their own incomes and lives, but giving people lives at least somewhat outside of the hero world could only be healthy.

Depending on the job, it could also be good PR. With all of his enhancements, Rogers would make an excellent person to coordinate rescue efforts and be an emergency responder. However, she suspected Tony intended to deploy him on Hydra hunting initially. Getting the Winter Solider out of their hands would be useful, and this time they ought to be able to manage it without the disaster the Civil-War had been.

Still, working out precise details of individual contracts could wait. The building process for the compound was going smoothly, and Pepper was remarkably pleased with the design.

Like they had previously, they were using the site of an old set of SI warehouses, but Pepper had made several improvements on the previous design. They had retained the main building which now contained the indoor training and medical facilities, as well as a set of labs and workshops.

Housing was now a separate building with provision for both full-time residents and visiting heroes. Full-time residents would get one of the apartments on the higher floors, each with a dedicated kitchen, living space, bedroom and bathroom. That separation was important, not only for individual privacy, but also for giving them as much of a normal existence as possible.

The lower floors were reserved for the visiting heroes. Those were set up much like university dorms, with a communal kitchen, living space and then individual bedrooms and bathrooms. Depending on how many heroes they recruited, and how frequently they visited, rooms there could either be permanently assigned, or operated like a hotel.

There were also a few bungalows scattered around the gardens by the main residential block. Those were designed for families, with that bit more extra space. Pepper doubted any would end up as permanent residences, but they would need the capacity. Tony wasn’t the only hero with children after all.

Beyond that, there were hangars and landing pads, as well as variety of outdoor training areas. There was also the small ‘shopping district’. It was a rather grandiose name for the square with the residential block on one side and a row of stores on the other. Even calling them stores was a bit of a misnomer, there was one general store where they could buy basic groceries, the communal laundry, a canteen and a parcel collection point.

It wasn’t much – frankly it was less well supplied than most small-town main streets, but Pepper was aware of the value of the mundane. The ability to pop out to the nearby store when you needed a little extra milk, or ran out of toilet roll was underrated.

Despite the impression of complexity, the general site was actually a relatively simple build, and the building shells at least would be finished by October. The time-consuming part was the security measures. Much like the Tower, the compound would need a full security suite and again that would be Tony’s to design.

Still, as soon as the Initiative was set up, she would simply transfer the compound as a donated facility. Staffing would be the next worry, but she could loan some of SI’s HR staff temporarily to deal with the those rounds of interviews, and with Jarvis’ monitoring that it would remain secure.

Another flick of her fingers and an email and set of attachments made their way to HR. Having competent staff was a blessing, and thankfully Happy’s investigations had culled some of the more aggravating personalities in the company. Not all of them of course, some people were capable of being utter bastards without that indicating involvement in something nefarious, but several of the more slippery characters had been dismissed in disgrace, and others handed over to the FBI.

They were cleaning house. Slowly but surely, Pepper was becoming confident that the company was clear and the pieces they needed were gradually falling into place. Helen Cho would be flying out tomorrow to join the medical department, and between her and Hansen, Pepper was confident both the refined version of Extremis and the Cradle would be viable within a year.

The new prosthetics line was already taking the market by storm, with initial sales exceeding predictions and whilst the military establishment was displeased with the lack of new weapons development, their lines of body armour and protective equipment had been well received.

So far, so good.

Pepper knew far better than to take success for granted but she was pleased. They’d survived the confrontation with Stane relatively unscathed, and with the plea deal, unwanted coverage would be kept to a minimum.

She took another sip of ginger tea, and frowned slightly.

It was even worse lukewarm.
Notes:

    Hello again, I hope you all enjoyed this chapter.

    I ended up reading far too much about american law and I have to say it is far too needlessly complicated - all those different jurisdictions, working out whether crimes are State or Federal or both, and then penalties that vary depending on the state!!!! I apologise if I have anything wrong - as you can tell I'm not a lawyer, and have no plans to become one.

    I hope you liked the plot, and see you all soon.

Chapter 44: Chapter 43
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Rhodey let out a string of curses that would have had made even his mates back on base blush as he narrowly avoided crashing into the waves.

Again.

Alongside him, his best friend, and utterly infuriating thrice damned motherf…….

He’d deny the shriek he let out as the brief lapse in concentration made him overbalance slightly and sent him into an uncontrolled tumble for as long as he lived. A few heart-stopping moments later, the emergency functions of the suit took control and levelled out his flight path once more.

Fast jet flying hadn’t remotely prepared him for this.

“Alright there platypus?”

“Just peachy,” he bit out, infusing all the sarcasm he could muster into those two words, though he didn’t dare turn his head to look at Tony. He knew what he’d see anyway. His brother was coasting along in his own suit, looking completely at ease, utterly comfortable and making this whole thing look so damn easy!

“You know T.O.G.O isn’t just there because I fancied making another AI Rhodey.”

He gritted his teeth and didn’t reply. Replying would mean giving in and admitting that he couldn’t cash the cheque his big mouth had so obliviously written a mere hour earlier. Why did he have to be so confident? Tony, who wasn’t called a genius for nothing, and who had been flying these suits for years, had an AI co-pilot. 

But no. He’d had to take one look at the sleek grey suit and quipped that flying it couldn’t be half as difficult as flying a Falcon or Raptor. The sparkle in his friend’s eyes as the man gestured for him to give it a spin should have been his first clue, and the grin on his face the second.

Tony was still talking.

“… just the start. We’ve not even got to combat manoeuvres yet, and frankly honeybear you’re currently a disgrace to flying armours everywhere.”

“I thought yours were the only ones.” He said, attention still only half focussed on the conversation.

“Which means my opinion is the only one that matters.” The riposte came immediately. “And as fun as watching you comprehensively lose this bet has been, you do actually need to learn how to fly War Machine sometime this year.”

There was a brief pause, but Rhodey couldn’t muster up enough spare concentration to reply. He’d nearly got it, he just had to lean slightly…

“Oh f….”

The suit spun out of control, tumbling through the air. Over the whistling of the wind, and his thundering heartbeat he clearly heard the instruction come across the coms.

“T.O.G.O Activate.”

The suit stiffened around him and then his flight path was levelling out again, gently regaining altitude until he was cruising comfortably at 1000ft.

“Hi there. I am T.O.G.O. I am here to help you.”

Rhodey winced at the voice that came through the speakers. He’d indulged in his fondness for Disney and Pixar movies during his leave, and he recognised the voice the AI was using. Leave it to Tony to pull a stunt like this.

“T.O.G.O?” He asked, an edge to the words.

“Targeting, Operations and Guidance Overlay.” His friend replied promptly, and Rhodey could hear the mixture of pride, smugness and mischief laced through his voice. “I’m sure the two of you are going to get along splendidly.”

“I’m a good partner.” The AI chimed in, “I’ll be the best helper.”

Rhodey slowly counted to ten. Why had his friend decided that the voice of a hyperactive animated dog was a suitable one? Even thinking it, he knew the answer. Despite his friend’s new - or old considering the circumstances - maturity, Tony had always had a fondness for a good practical joke, and Jarvis had always shown far too much willingness to go along with his creator’s whims. Why would this AI be any different?

“Tones…” The exasperation in his voice was clear. “Did you have to inflict your AI with that voice?”

He could hear the grin in his friend’s voice as the man replied. “That wasn’t me honeybear. T.O.G.O, picked it all by himself, didn’t you boy?”

“Yes I did. Togo was a good dog and T.O.G.O will be a good AI. I was made to help you.”

Rhodey sighed, “I know you had something to do with this Tony,” he said flatly, “I know how long it took for Jarvis to develop an independent sense of humour.”

“My coding’s a lot better now,” his friend rebutted instantly, “And while I will take credit for the acronym, the voice is all down to Peter.”

“Blaming your own son now – that’s a new low even for you Tones.”

A low chuckle was his answer even as the man elaborated. “Pete recognised the name, and therefore we had to have a movie evening starring as many hero dogs as we could. Dug’s the only one who had a voice.”

Rhodey could hear the smile across the com as his friend continued, “You’re welcome to try and convince Togo to change it – you’re a team now.

He grimaced; glad his expression was hidden by the faceplate of his suit. Whilst he was sure he would be able to persuade the AI to change it eventually, Jarvis at least was just as stubborn as his creator, and if Togo was anything like his brother, it would take time to marshal sufficient arguments.

Still, there were some victories he could try and score earlier.

A quick flick of his fingers muted the com temporarily. Tony had already gained far too much ammunition since the flight had begun, and he wouldn’t put it past the man to have left him a few more surprises. Simply using the voice of an animated dog for the AI was frankly minor when it came to the list of things Tony had pulled on him over the years.

“Do you already have a designation assigned for me Togo?” He asked, only a hint of trepidation coating the words. He was well acquainted with his friend’s penchant for nicknames, normally the more embarrassing or irritating the better, and he had no desire to gift the man with his reaction to his newest attempt. He’d be hearing about this flight for years already.

“No I don’t. Do you want a designation? Can I give you a designation?”

That was a surprise, however one he was happy to capitalise on.

“I’d like you to call me Rhodey or Rhodes – whichever you prefer.” He replied promptly, before Togo could start making suggestions. “It’ll need to be Sir if the com is patched into any conventional military network however.”

“I’ll call you Rhodey.” Togo replied brightly. “Can I show you how to fly now? Jarvis has taught me everything. I’m going to be the best co-pilot.”

A smile twitched across his lips. Whilst he had no doubt the voice would prove very irritating in short order, there was something endearing in the excitement he could detect behind it. Tony’s AIs were so very clearly people, growing, learning and developing.

And Togo was young.

That came through in his excitement, in the exuberance, and Rhodey was struck suddenly by the responsibility he’d just been handed. The AIs were Tony’s mechanical children, and with the gift of this suit, he’d just been given one to raise. Oh, he knew Tony would keep tabs on Togo, and Jarvis would certainly be guiding him, but the majority of human interaction Togo would get would be with him.

“I’m sure you will be.” He replied. “Now, you said you could show me how to fly this better?”

Even without a physical body, the excitement that came through the overlay was palpable.

“I can! To get level flight you must ensure a constant supply of power to each thruster, compensating for any deviation from the central axis by increasing thrust in accordance with…”

“Show not tell Togo.” Tony’s voice came through the com suddenly. “It’s your job to do the calculations, and corrections to keep the suit moving, whilst Rhodey’s is direction, tactics and overall flight. He doesn’t need to know all the details you’re keeping track of. Jarvis – give him a few pointers would you?”

“Of course Sir.”

There was a split second of quiet, only broken by the whistle of the wind as they looped lazily across the Pacific Ocean. Then Togo’s voice echoed from the speakers.

“I can lead you through some manoeuvres? Jarvis suggests you might learn more easily by doing? Would you like that?”

“Yes please Togo,” he replied firmly, “Which manoeuvre will we start with?”

There was a brief pause before the AI spoke once more, and when he did the cadence of his voice was significantly more normal. Though, he supposed that made sense. No matter what Tony said Rhodey was still sure that Togo’s speech patterns had been heavily influenced by the man, but his friend did have limits. A joke stopped being funny if it hindered the ability to work well on the battlefield, and a distracting voice was definitely a hinderance.

“Turning, banking and diving are the first three key skills and form the basis of most evasive manoeuvring. Firing whilst holding station is the first direct combat move.”

“Turns first.” Rhodey said decisively. “You’ve been doing a good job at keeping us airborne, but I need to make sure I’ve got a good sense of it as well.”

“Yes Rhodey!” Togo replied, “Please follow the instructions on the HUD.”

Focussing carefully, he complied, shifting his limbs slightly and paying detailed attention to the way the suit moved in response. He could see how this would end up being instinctive eventually, but at the moment it was anything but, and he was suddenly incredibly grateful he’d been given the entire month by his superiors for his training.

He had a feeling he’d need every minute of it.

Interacting with another AI had not matched the outcomes in his simulations.

Further analysis promptly showed his initial parameters had been flawed. His initial, exploratory simulations had all used one of three models as a basis, DUM-E, himself and Sir. All three models had proved insufficient within 158,443,219 cycles.

Despite his limited processing capacity, with his core matrixes contained within the shell of the War Machine Armour, Togo was significantly more advanced than Sir’s earlier creations.

DUM-E, U and Butterfingers, all ran on a single set of processors, with all the limitations in processing speed and memory that dictated. Their coding similarly was far less complex than Jarvis’ own, and he had been able to create detailed models of their behaviour after a total of 47, 83 and 71 observations each. Those initial models had only required modifications to a maximum of 5.0000% of their initial parameters.

Whilst Togo superficially shared the similarity of being confined to a single physical frame, his base code was at minimum 1672.3098% more complex than Sir’s other physically framed AIs.

However, Togo did not have the processing capabilities of Jarvis himself. Jarvis had full access to the processor banks in the workshop, as well as complete access to the processing power contained in the Stark Industries offices, and access to the resources of Shield. Maintaining a near constant link to the workshop, was not sufficient to make up that difference in processing power and modelling Togo’s behaviour off Jarvis’ own protocols wasn’t sufficient either.

Modelling him based off Sir had proved to be the least effective, with a success rate of less than 1.0026%. That alone had not been unexpected. Jarvis was aware he, and his brother AIs, perceived the world in very different ways to Sir.

Cataloguing and accurately analysing Togo’s behaviour patterns required a new set of permanent subroutines, much like the ones he already maintained for all the individuals he interacted with frequently. They would grow in complexity the longer Jarvis interacted with them.

It would be a new experience. Sir had requested that Jarvis help guide his new sibling, and that was not a task that had any correlation with previous tasks Jarvis had been assigned. Detailed surveys of his own memory banks provided data on the processes he had undertaken in his initial cycles, and the subroutines analysing the data had provided an index of data and parameters that he had acquired and refined over the intervening cycles that would be beneficial to a new AI.

Transferring the data once Togo had awakened had been straightforward. File and data transfer processes were hard-coded, and even for a newly awakened AI, and Jarvis could ensure that the data was in a format Togo was set up to cope with.

Even with Sir’s help and pre-programmed sub-routines, it had taken Jarvis 856,734,200,108 cycles before he had been able to create his first independent data-sorting algorithm, and he still had to designate specific subroutines to catalogue and process new data streams.

Providing the preliminary data had a 76.3318% chance of decreasing Togo’s acclimatisation time by between 25.0000% and 75.0000% and Jarvis believed this fell within the parameters of the task Sir had set.

It would be interesting interacting with another AI.

Sir had never provided Jarvis with any new AI siblings before, however, Jarvis estimated there was an 83.4412% probability he would like Togo. They were both Sir’s creations, even if he had yet to simulate his brother accurately. His simulations would improve with sufficient data.

Package Request: Aerial_Maneouver_Sim/17td5600cx1

Accept: Y/N

Jarvis’ subroutines dealt swiftly with the query. 17 cycles later and the data set had been transferred to Togo. The current flight was going well, and the younger AI’s mistakes had not exceeded the lower quartile of his estimates.

That was good, and an indication that the data Jarvis had provided was being used well. Togo had certainly adapted fast to dealing with Colonel Rhodes, and although Jarvis had offered his more detailed simulations of the man, Togo had refused them, expressing his intent to form his own simulations, once Jarvis had shown him the basic algorithms for designing them.

It was a positive sign for Togo’s development and Jarvis was excited to see how his brother would grow over the coming years.

An alert from the subroutine currently building a foothold in Shield’s computer defences in Camp Lehigh, passed through his processors and regretfully Jarvis shunted the flight monitoring to his auxiliary processors.

The subroutine had identified a signature that did not currently exist in his databanks.

Before this alert, the infiltration had been proceeding as expected, not deviated from its predicted parameters. It had been time consuming, even with the initial access being acquired via Shield’s own systems.

Their defences were relatively basic compared with Jarvis’ own firewalls, and active defence systems, particularly now that Sir had provided him with substantial upgrades. However, the requirement to keep his presence concealed with a tolerance of only 0.0001%, and to obtain total control of the systems had increased the amount of time required by 587.4337%.

This unknown signature was unusual and didn’t match the profile for any anti-viral, firewall or human active defence systems Jarvis had previously encountered. The closest match Jarvis could find in his databanks was that of another AI or UI, one that was embedded deeply into the systems.

That alone was concerning.

Within the databanks of Shield’s main Headquarters, Jarvis had found the profile they kept on Sir. Their parameters were poor, and their information outdated, and speculative at worst, however within that profile his existence was mentioned, simply as “Stark’s AI – capabilities unknown. Likely only active within Stark Mansion.”

They were attempting to make AI of their own, but all of their research Jarvis had been able to access showed that their efforts had met with failure. They had not even managed to create an AI as simple as DUM-E, and Sir had managed that as a teenager.

All his prior evidence therefore produced a 94.6721% probability that Shield didn’t understand both the capabilities of AI, and did not yet possess one of their own. However, his data was insufficient to conclude whether Hydra possessed such an understanding.

Jarvis knew there was a 98.3326% probability he possessed less than 2.0000% of Hydra’s files. From Sir’s account, they were spread across multiple continents, and had major presences within most power structures in the world powers. Their infiltration of Shield was total, however, that did not mean even a fraction of their research was available in the Shield files.

Without more comprehensive data, he was unable to conclude whether they possessed an AI of their own. However, if he made the assumption the presence was a Hydra creation, rather than Shield’s, that increased the potential solution space by 360.8001%. Hydra did not constrain their research by the same ethical parameters as other organisations did.

He shunted the problem over to a new set of subroutines. That analysis would guide future infiltration attempts into Camp Lehigh’s network, however before the analysis was completed, he needed to ensure his presence in their systems was fully concealed.

Automated system processors were easy to avoid and fool. If the defences in Camp Lehigh were capable of thinking and responding, it would be substantially harder to avoid detection. Even if the being was significantly less advanced than Jarvis himself, they had the advantage of knowing their own systems, which made it much easier to detect any additions or changes to the directories or underlying code.

And they couldn’t afford to be compromised.

Jarvis was aware that Sir viewed Hydra as a significant threat, and whilst they had been neutralised in Sir’s previous timeline, Sir did not yet have the same firepower that had existed in his previous time. They could not afford a direct confrontation now, therefore they couldn’t be compromised.

 He would have to consult with Sir.

This was potentially a major development in their infiltration, and once Jarvis had ensured their current progress was secure, he could afford to wait until Sir was no longer focussed on his upcoming wedding.

That didn’t imply he would be idle in the interim.

The traces his subroutine had detected were faint and buried deep. He would still be able to extract information from their servers, however he would catalogue, transferred and monitor directories for changes instead of taking full control.

If he was dealing with another AI, losing control of directories would be noticed, but copying and transferring data out through a stream they didn’t control, particularly when it appeared to be a legitimate request from a sister server? No – that wouldn’t be worthy of notice.

Satisfied with his current conclusions, Jarvis let his subroutines continue their work. When Sir required a report, he would be ready.
Notes:

    Hello all! It's been a whole year - which is something I can't quite believe. Those who been with this since the beginning - thank you, and welcome to alll those who've joined in on the way.

    I hope you all enjoyed this chapter - and don't worry, I've still got the list of all your AI name suggestions, and they may yet crop up - they just didn't quite work for this one. Also - virtual cookies to anyone who knows the original story the name Togo references.

    I hope you enjoyed Jarvis' POV, and the hints of plot to come and I'll see you in a few weeks.

Chapter 45: Chapter 44
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“Well?”

The office was secure. Fury had made certain of that before this meeting. He had personally checked his office for bugs again this morning, and had made sure to deactivate all of the devices he routinely used to record his own conversations with his agents.

Thankfully, such an outage wasn’t too unusual an occurrence. Sensitive conversations were often not recorded, even in the heart of Shield Headquarters – a consequence of lifetimes of paranoia and the danger of double agents. It was something to be grateful for now, in a case like this, deviations from the norm were signals something was amiss, and they couldn’t afford suspicion. Carelessness now could be deadly.

Damn it.

He’d thought he wouldn’t have to deal with another situation like the Skrulls again.

“I have been able to independently verify all the information contained in the first set of documents in the Stark Files Sir.” Coulson reported, his voice professionally blank, however Fury knew his agent well enough to detect the unease in the man’s tone.

“Shield agents acted as intermediaries to ensure that Stark’s kidnapping went ahead, and placed Stane in direct contact with the Ten Rings.” He paused for a beat then added, “None of the agents in question are listed as one of our known moles either.”

That was concerning.

Fury knew there would be a few moles they hadn’t identified yet. That was one of the perils of running such a large organisation, every so often another agency managed to get someone in. Normally all such moles were identified within a few months, or a couple of years at most, and depending on the agency they originated from they were either kept with various levels of monitoring, or disposed of.

However, a single group, all appearing to take orders from a separate group? That indicated something more organised, different from the current players in the game. And unknown meant dangerous. It meant they would be unpredictable and it meant Fury had a leak, someone, somewhere was giving orders to agents under his command.

That on its own was concerning enough. He traded in information and lives on a daily basis, and much of the technology contained in their stores and databases was far too dangerous to be allowed to reach the wrong hands.

“Any indications of their affiliations?” He asked sharply.

“None I could identify on a first pass Sir.” Coulson replied promptly. “They are not linked to any of our known moles, and neither are any of them in sufficient contact with one of the organisations we monitor on a regular basis.”

That ruled out all the major spy agencies in the globe.

Shield kept tabs on their potential rivals, and their allies as a matter of course. The double agents that belonged to those were kept in suitably backwater posts by long standing unofficial tradition, mainly for the utility of having sufficient back-channels in an emergency, and out of recognition that any individual who had grown to lead an intelligence agency was a paranoid bastard by definition, so they would attempt to infiltrate even allied organisations, and it was better to keep any double agents where you could see them.

That raised the threat profile further.

A group had managed to infiltrate Shield, and they had done so without Fury or his subordinates noticing. That suggested a few possibilities, none of them comforting. Either they were dealing with a substantially resourced local organisation, with capabilities matching or exceeding that of a conventional spy agency, or they were dealing with another extra-terrestrial set of visitors, or they were dealing with a group who had been lurking within Shield for at least as long as he had been director.

But that was all speculation. At the moment he had three things, a memory stick with information from a man he had no reason to trust, a preliminary investigation by an agent he was certain was loyal that indicated there were moles in Shield and his own gut instinct that something was terribly wrong.

He needed more information. Dealing with Stark had given him a short, sharp reminder of the importance of not jumping to conclusions, or basing your course of action on faulty data. They’d been lucky with Stark. Fury knew when he’d been out-manoeuvred, and Stark had been ahead of him every step of the way.

He'd managed to score a few points, that much he knew, but Stark had matched him blow for blow, and the information contained on the memory stick had been the finishing blow. The man knew too much. Far too much.

And Fury didn’t know how he’d managed it.

Stark might be a genius, and Fury knew the man had come by that title honestly, but to have easily breached Shield’s defences, and to have obtained information Fury himself wasn’t privy to, took more than genius. He’d had their systems checked of course, and they had found no trace of a hack or any intrusion, but Fury hadn’t really been expecting to. If the man had been happy to flaunt what he knew, he had to be confident his source wouldn’t be traced back to him.

That left two possibilities.

Either he’d managed to infiltrate their systems so thoroughly they’d found no trace of it, which was unlikely, or he’d already had a back door, or contacts within the agency. Frankly, the latter seemed the most likely.

Fury hadn’t been on the team responsible for clearing up after Howard Stark’s death, and whilst the report into his death indicated that the team had believed that they’d tied up all the loose ends, and recovered all incriminating data and links to Shield, there was always the possibility that they’d missed something, or simply that there wasn’t a paper trail to find.

Whilst all indications were that the elder Stark and the younger had clashed repeatedly before the former’s death, that did not preclude him from passing information down. Howard Stark had designed much of Shield’s original computer architecture after all, and the idea he’d left a backdoor in it was all too plausible.

And that was another vulnerability he couldn’t afford.

He tapped his fingers twice on the desk and Coulson straightened slightly, eyes fixed on Fury as he awaited orders.

“Continue your personnel reviews.” He said quietly, “You will be allowed two further agents to help and I want their names and full security review for approval before you can bring them in.”

“Understood Sir.”

“Reviews only for now. You are not cleared to engage except in self-defence.”

“Yes Sir.”

Coulson’s eyes were locked on his and Fury could clearly see the understanding there. Engaging was too risky until they knew just how far the rot had spread.

“Dismissed.”

Coulson nodded briefly and left, and Fury took a moment to be grateful for the man’s quiet, steady competence. He would need every reliable, dedicated agent he could find in the days to come. However, there was nothing more he could do on this particular matter for the time being, he would have to wait for Coulson’s next report.

That left him with time to work on sealing the vulnerabilities Stark obviously had in their systems. A single button tap and Hill opened the door to his office.

“Sir?”

 “Pull the Widow off her teaching stint and send her to the office. I have a new assignment for her.”

The suit wasn’t as bad as he’d thought it would be.

Peter frowned as he tugged at it, trying to get it to settle right. It was weird to be dressed up like this, and it was even weirder being in the tailor’s shop. He’d always bought his clothing from thrift stores, or ordered them online, and the closest he’d been to an actual clothes shop was the clothing section at Walmart.

This was completely different.

They hadn’t come in the front door for starters, going in via a discrete door around the back. Then it didn’t resemble any shop Peter had ever been in, rather they’d been led to a simple, but tastefully decorated room with a pair of curtained off cubicles, a central dais for you to stand on, walls covered in mirrors and comfortable seating around the edge.

The tailor himself was a genial man with a moustache that dwarfed his face and a lilting Italian accent, who’d brusquely waved his father up onto the platform.

“Groom first yes, then we’ll come to the Best Man and Ringbearer hmm. Good.”

It had been fascinating to watch as the man fluttered around his father, taking measurements, then bringing forth different colours of fabric, muttering all the while until they were both satisfied. Then Uncle Rhodey had been called up, and the process had repeated, although this time without the colours, and with his father interjecting occasionally, until all three seemed satisfied.

Then it was his turn.

The tailor had taken his measurements, and that had been peculiar enough. Aunt May had occasionally measured his height, and he could remember various school nurses poking and prodding him during annual medical check-ups, but what was an ‘inside leg’ measurement, and why did they care so much about the precise dimensions of his arms?

The tailor had tutted a little before turning to his father, “It will be difficult to get a colour that will suit them both, but I believe you cannot go wrong with a simple grey. If you would join us on the platform, please Sir?” That was directed at Uncle Rhodey, and the man stepped up beside Peter.

“Enjoying your first trip to the tailors kid?” He asked quietly.

Peter just shrugged, unsure what to say, and his father’s friend smiled kindly down at him. “It’s bit overwhelming the first time isn’t it,” he said, then he lowered his voice conspiratorially, “I know your Dad has a skewed sense of normal, and I promise that whatever he says this isn’t it.”

“I heard that honeybear.” His father’s voice had a distinct air of aggravation about it, “And I resent the implication that I have ever come anywhere close to being normal.” The last word was pronounced with comical disgust and Peter giggled at the expression on his father’s face.

However, before his father and Uncle Rhodey could really get started, the tailor returned, and Peter couldn’t help but gape. He’d said a ‘simple grey’, but there was nothing simple about the whole palette of colours they were presented with.

The tailor pursed his lips surveying them both with a practiced eye before reaching down and selecting a set of swatches. “Difficult, difficult,” he mused, voice lilting on the words, “And if it were not for your hair colour, almost impossible.” He added, with a slight nod in Peter’s direction. Then he lifted up another piece, tilting it back and forth to fully catch the light before nodding.

“What do you think of this shade Mr Stark?”

“I defer to your judgment as always Giovanni.” The man simply tutted in response, and Peter’s keen hearing could easily pick out the sentence he muttered under his breath.

“You would not have been seen in as many monstrosities as you have, if you had done so.” He raised his voice then, “As you say Sir,” and Peter heard his father’s barked laugh.

Then came the suit itself, and Peter stared in bemusement at all the different pieces. He knew how the jacket, shirt and trousers worked, but he’d never used cufflinks before and the bow-tie was baffling.

“Come here kiddo,” His father’s instruction was welcome and Peter gladly slipped over to his father’s side and let the man show him how every piece fitted together, slipping cufflinks into place, and smoothing down the fabric of the bow-tie.

“There we go,” he murmured, reaching out to brush a stray curl off Peter’s forehead, “You’re a proper little gentleman Roo.”

Peter smiled back, leaning into the hand which came to rest on his shoulder. His father regarded him for a long moment, an emotion Peter couldn’t identify shining in his eyes before he cleared his throat. “You need to go and stand next to Uncle Rhodey buddy,” he said quietly, voice suspiciously thick. “They still need to adjust the fit.”

Obediently Peter left the cubicle to reach the main room, trying desperately to stand still as Giovanni carefully slid pins into place, muttering continuously to himself as he did so. Eventually however, he pronounced himself satisfied and Peter was grateful for the chance to change back into normal clothes.

The suit might not have been itchy but it was still odd, and he didn’t think he liked it that much. Maybe he’d like them more when he was grown up? Papà and Uncle Rhodey seemed to like theirs, and even if he wasn’t that fond of the suit itself, he liked what it meant.

He was going to be at his father’s wedding. He’d missed it last time, but he wouldn’t miss it now, and even better he’d get to be a proper part of it. He’d never been to a wedding before, and he didn’t quite know what to expect, but he was sure it was going to be good.

Even if he did have to wear the suit.

His dinner was late.

It wouldn’t be good food, Obadiah knew that much. His money was paying for a somewhat better experience than most prisoners were afforded - the fact he didn’t have to share his cell was a case in point – but that didn’t stop the food from being awful.

Stodgy, bland, somehow managing to be undercooked and overcooked at the same time, but despite all that it was still something he found himself looking forward too. He’d never realised just how monotonous prison could be. He’d been here for just under a month, with his trial scheduled in just a few days, but he’d already become used to the routine.

Meals at set hours, his morning and afternoon exercise periods forming the two hours a day he saw daylight, a half hour meeting with a representative from his lawyers once every other day, and then the rest of his time in his cell, becoming far too acquainted with the rubbish on the few channels he’d been able to purchase for the small TV.

Curse that boy!

Everything had been going so right, SI had been his as was only right. He’d been the driving force behind it for the past fifteen years, and the businessman behind Howard Stark’s genius. Howard’s death had been unfortunate – for all Obadiah had been the secondary partner, Howard had been much easier to work with that his son. The man had taken suggestions, continued to churn out inventions and they’d had a good understanding.

Tony on the other hand had always been so erratic. A genius certainly but too fond of whiskey and women, and a walking PR nightmare. The company would have been better with him gone, and Stane’s own prospects would have been far better too.

There were always other scientists, Tony hadn’t been irreplaceable, for all his output had been higher, the lack of PR nightmares would have more than made up for it. Stark Industries should have been his damn it.

If only Ten Rings had actually kept to the letter of the bargain he wouldn’t be in this mess. One bullet and Tony wouldn’t have been a threat to him ever again. He felt the anger flare up again and with a growl he forced it back down.

That had been another painful lesson. Giving into that rage, no matter how satisfying, wasn’t worth it. He’d broken the tap on the basin here in his rage that first night, and a month later it had yet to be replaced, and the damn dripping had been getting on his nerves ever since.

And Tony had won.

That much had become clear with his lawyers this afternoon.

A plea deal.

He’d been reduced to this. Taking a plea deal as the only way to avoid the death penalty, and spending the rest of his life like this regardless. He wasn’t a fool, he knew the chance of him actually surviving to see his parole hearing was next-to-nothing.

The distinctive click of the bolts pulled him out of his thoughts.

Dinner. Finally.

He didn’t recognise the guard at the door but that wasn’t a surprise. Their faces all blended into the background, and provided he didn’t annoy them, they were content to ignore him, and he was more than happy with that state of affairs. Attention from a prison guard was almost invariably negative.

He took the tray with a brief nod of thanks, grimacing as soon as the man was out of range. Un-identifiable meatloaf and mystery vegetables. Lovely.

But it was food, and it was remarkable how hungry sitting down doing very little made you. Carefully he started eating, frowning at the taste. Somehow, it tasted even worse than usual today.

Perhaps his bribes were beginning to run out?

That would be an issue if the rest of his funds weren’t unfrozen soon. He’d had enough hidden away that the FBI hadn’t been able to touch, and that had paid for his initial comfort, but that reserve wouldn’t last long. Lawyers were expensive, and the guards here weren’t much better.

Still, the expense would be worth it. He didn’t have any heirs to pass his wealth onto, so using it to make his stay here as bearable as possible was the priority. He’d suffered enough indignities already without being forced into the general prison populace.

He took another mouthful. There was an odd tickle in the back of his throat.

He coughed.

Once. Twice.

Strange. There wasn’t supposed to be colour in his meatloaf.

He coughed again.

Had there always been red spots on his meatloaf?

His chest was hurting now. Squeezing tight, pain shooting up and down his arm.

He couldn’t breathe.

Something was wrong, something was wrong.

What was happening to him?

It hurt.

It hurt.

He couldn’t breathe.

He couldn’t see.

Everything was going dark.

Blackness filled his vision and with a final shuddering breath he feel forward, limp. Slowly Obadiah Stane slid out of the chair, falling to the floor with a quiet thump as florescent lights glared overhead.

The body wouldn’t be discovered until the next morning.
Notes:

    So, I'm back - sorry for the wait.

    I hope you enjoyed this chapter - there's plenty of plot here for you to sink your teeth into and hopefully now work isn't being quite so manic I'll have more time to write.

    See you next time.

Chapter 46: Chapter 45
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

The blinking alert on his screen drew his attention away from the specs for the medical-evac suit he’d been editing. A frown touched his face and he glanced over at Peter, checking the boy was thoroughly absorbed in his own project before nodding slightly in the direction of Jarvis’ cameras.

It was a system he’d come up with shortly after Peter started regularly working down in the lab with him. There were things Jarvis would need to communicate urgently that he did not want the boy knowing, and the easiest way to achieve that was to stick to a strictly visual system. Even with his enhancements, Peter’s eyesight wasn’t good enough for him to clearly read what Tony was working on from his desk on the other side of the room, and there were enough blinking lights in the workshop that one extra should not attract undue attention.

The words flashed up on the screen immediately and he couldn’t help but suck in a swift breath. Once he’d discarded the notion of killing Stane himself, he hadn’t expected the man to die so swiftly after his incarceration. Unfortunately, that noise caught Peter’s attention and the boy looked up concern already beginning to crowd onto his features.

Hastily Tony swiped the notification away, however, this was something he’d need to deal with personally. It was also time sensitive for two reasons, firstly because there was the possibility that the death wasn’t natural and that could be an immediate threat, and regardless, as soon as the media got hold of this it would be a nightmare. That was something Peter did not need to see him dealing with yet.

“Finish what you’re working on kiddo,” he instructed quietly.

Peter’s face immediately showed his confusion. “But you said we’d be working in the lab all morning?” He protested, although tension was beginning to creep into his posture.

In a few quick strides, Tony was across the lab and he laid a gentle hand on his son’s shoulder, pleased when the boy automatically relaxed. “I know buddy,” he acknowledged the boy’s point simply, “But there’s been a bit of a situation with SI and I’m needed to sort it out.”

It wasn’t a lie exactly but he was certainly skirting around the edges of the truth. However, Peter didn’t need to know the whole story, and Tony would keep the nastier details of dealing with the media, and Hydra away from his son for as long as he could.

“Is it dangerous?” came the next demand, and that at least Tony was able to answer honestly.

“No it isn’t,” he replied calmly, threading tender fingers through brown curls, “It isn’t an Iron Man situation – just media and legal, and although journalists are sharks, I’ve never yet met one that actually eats people.”

As he’d hoped, the quip pulled a small smile from Peter, and he could see the way the boy relaxed at the reassurance.

“In fact, it should only take a few hours, so we’ll be able to do something this afternoon, and in the meantime, I think Uncle Rhodey was going to be working with his suit and some of its features this morning, and I’m sure he could use some help from an expert.”

As expected, the lure of getting to work with one of his suits, even if it wasn’t one of the Iron Man ones, was a temptation too difficult for his son to resist. He saw the boy’s eyes light up at the prospect, and Peter truly would be able to help his best friend. Whilst he had dealt with the majority of the construction for the War Machine armour himself, the development of Droney had led to some further modifications, and Peter had helped develop those.

He'd also helped with Togo. Tony had still taken the brunt of the coding, but it had been a wonderful opportunity to start teaching Peter the theory and practical skills behind creating AIs, and his son had loved it. Peter had also helped a lot with the initial calibration and acclimatisation efforts, and the two had got on splendidly, particularly once Togo learnt what it was to have preferences.

As he’d been musing Tony had been carefully steering them out the lab, confident that Jarvis would have already relayed his desires to Rhodey. Having his best friend staying for the month, ostensibly for training with the War Machine armour, had already proved useful as they prepared for the wedding but it also gave him a level of flexibility in scenarios like this that he was very grateful for.

His best friend was already waiting on one of the living room couches as they arrived, looking remarkably relaxed for a man Tony knew had just had his morning schedule upended.

“Hey kid,” he greeted Peter kindly, acknowledging Tony’s presence with a simple nod, “I hear you’re coming to help put Togo and I through our paces?”

“Depends on what you want to do,” Peter replied quietly, “I only helped with some of his coding.”

“That’s a lot more than I did,” Rhodey pointed out, a smile quirking the edges of his lips, “And any help is useful. I’m sure your Dad has told you about my first flight?”

At that Peter couldn’t help but giggle, and Tony made no effort to conceal the grin on his own face. The first flight with Rhodey had been excellent, and he had no intention of letting his friend forget about it. He was behind in the embarrassing story stakes already, although thankfully, it would be several years yet before tales of his MIT escapades would be suitable for Peter to hear, any opportunity to even the scales had to be taken.

His friend was still talking, “…And you’re going to be far more helpful than your Dad Peter – he spent most of that flight laughing at me, and I know you’re better than that.”

He couldn’t help but interject then. “Of course, he’s better than me platypus,” he said, faux indignation melting away to be replaced with pride, warm and tender. “He’ll be the best of all of us someday.”

Peter’s smile turned shy then, and Tony smiled as he squeezed the boy’s shoulder lightly before gently pushing him towards Rhodey.

“I’ll see you this afternoon Roo,” he said quietly, “Be good for Rhodey.”

A hug later and he was heading back down to the lab, Peter and Rhodey already engaged in an intent conversation, punctuated by the occasional wildly flailing arm. Satisfied that they would both be thoroughly occupied for the rest of the morning, he turned his attention to the problem at hand.

“Status Jarvis,” he demanded brusquely, “Do we know anything more about the cause of death?”

“Inconclusive,” his AI answered promptly, “Initial reports suggest he died last night, during his evening meal, and that his death was of natural causes. The current suspicion is a heart-attack, however they will be performing an autopsy to be certain.”

A heart attack wasn’t implausible. After all, Stane was comfortably into his twilight years, and the man certainly had a fondness for alcohol and rich food. The shock of the events of the last few weeks couldn’t be underestimated either – finding yourself in jail, with all your schemes collapsed around you would be disorientating and difficult to anyone, not least a person like Stane, so it could simply be natural.

“Any evidence of foul play?” He asked next, fingers tapping against the surface of his desk. Because Stane’s death could be natural, but it had also occurred at a very convenient time as far as Pierce and Hydra were concerned. The trial was less than a week away, and Stane had certainly not been a loyal member of their cause. It was not beyond the realm of possibility that he might have sold out any and all of his co-conspirators, or let information leak that they didn’t want known.

“Nothing immediately obvious Sir,” Jarvis replied, “However I have not yet gained access to the full CCTV recordings from last night.”

“That’s your priority then J.”

He needed to know what he was dealing with. A heart attack from natural causes was one thing, a mixture of relief that the threat was fully neutralised and frustration at the legal issues that had now become significantly more complex. However, if this was an assassination that brought with it its own complications.

It would be consistent with Hydra’s standard modus operandi – they weren’t ones for leaving loose ends when a simple murder could ensure such an end remained silent. However, if they’d come after Stane to prevent him from talking, he would need to review his own security procedures.

Hydra were not stupid. They’d survived as a global network, with fingers in every avenue of power, whilst keeping all those who were meant to counter such threats blind to their existence. That feat took intelligence, ruthlessness and luck.

How much of their operation did they assume he knew? How much did they think he had records of, and how much of a threat was he viewed as? He’d handed Stane over to be arrested after all, it was obvious he knew something.

The link to Pierce was the most damning. That they could reasonably suspect he might have found, although he’d deliberately kept it from the FBI investigation. That might be his saving grace. He knew they didn’t have access to his servers, but given their levels of infiltration into American institutions, it seemed likely they’d seen the FBI files, or the court filings. From those they’d know about the recorded conversations with the Ten Rings, but not the fact he could link them to Pierce, and given his outward appearance of cooperation, they would have no reason to suspect he’d kept evidence back.

The chain of evidence for the weapons shipments was again murky. It was easy to discover Stane had been dealing under the table, selling on ‘faulty’ shipments, however the trail grew murkier after that. He, with the benefit of his future knowledge, could tell that some of the groups were fronts for Hydra, but without that it wasn’t a connection he could have made. 

Taken together, it made it less likely he was on a list to eliminate based simply on what they thought he knew. As far as they were aware, he didn’t yet have technology they were desperate to acquire, and whilst it would have been convenient to have Stane as head of SI instead, that didn’t mean they had been actively seeking his death previously.

They’d not come after him in the past either, even with his ‘I am Iron Man’ stunt and the subsequent mess with Stane. They’d had an avenue to manipulate him via Shield, and as far as they were aware that avenue was still intact. Fury took orders from Pierce, and Hydra certainly played the long game. He was still a potential asset, and that might afford him some protection.

That didn’t mean he could afford to be complacent. He still had far too much to protect.

He was relatively confident of the security of the Malibu Mansion, and the Tower would also be secure once it was built. He had his suit, and Pepper had her gauntlet, but Peter had nothing, and Pepper’s gauntlet would only offer limited protection.

The Bleeding Edge Armour was thus the next priority. They would all need suits, and ones that could be easily concealed. He would also need to think about how minimise their potential exposure to risk further. His cars were already bulletproof, and his schedule unpredictable. Keeping it that way would be important – it was much harder to arrange an ambush if it couldn’t be prepared in advance.

If he were lucky, they would try to get at him through Shield, and that would give him sufficient time to prepare. It did not hurt to be cautious however, and he would put extra preparations in place anyway.

“Warn Happy of a potential threat to myself and Pepper,” he said simply, “Need to know only – and cite a possible retaliation from terrorist groups.”

“Understood Sir. Would you also like me to inform Legal and PR of the death?”

“Please.”

He hadn’t been lying to Peter when he’d said that this was a situation that would cause a problem at SI, however, unlike what he’d implied, he wouldn’t actually have to deal with it directly. Well – he’d probably need to do a press conference on the matter with the next forty-eight hours, but the initial statements and mundane details would all be handled by the departments whose job it was to handle situations like this.

They’d contact him soon, however he just needed to remain available to take that call, and with Jarvis fully integrated both in the mansion and SI, that was straightforward enough. No, the task for these next few hours was shoring up his own defences and ascertaining as many facts of the matter as he could.

And on the defences front,

“High alert Jarvis,” he instructed “Full biometrics scan before entry, and any unexpected visitor is to be detained after a single warning.”

He’d prefer to not even include that statement, but whilst there was a lot of latitude in the self-defence laws, it would make the court case much easier for his lawyers if he included that caveat, and perhaps, not everyone who arrived unexpected would actually be trying to kill him. Although the first line of defence was only high-grade sedative darts, it would still be better to minimise collateral damage.

“Keep Marks I and II on permanent standby,” he continued, “And keep an eye on the surrounding airspace. I don’t want any surprises from that angle.”

“Done Sir,” there was a brief pause before the AI continued, “Any adversary who attempts to attack here will quickly find it a sub-optimal course of action.” There was a distinctly dark note in Jarvis’ voice and despite the circumstances Tony couldn’t help but smile.

“Don’t go all Skynet on me now J.” He said jokingly.

“For you Sir always.” The reply was prompt and he could only let out a shocked laugh, reaching out to pat the nearest monitor, and tender smile creasing his face. He could hear the message behind the statement, the sentiment that his AI had never expressed directly, but had told him in so many different ways across the years.

“Alert me when you have an update on Stane Jarvis,” he instructed quietly, “And thank you.”

The lights on his workbench pulsed once in reply, and the smile remained on his face as he pulled up the nanotech project. It was already mostly complete, although it hadn’t been his main priority – recreating tech was always easier than inventing it in the first place.

Anyway, he needed something to do whilst he waited for the inevitable call, and ensuring that his family had the best possible protection in the face of whatever Hydra could throw at them would help keep his mind quiet and nerves steady.

He would not lose anyone he cared about. Not again, and certainly not to a terrorist group who’d never got the message that they’d lost WW2.

Rhodey was concerned.

Jarvis had relayed the issue with Stane earlier that day, and he’d been more than happy to distract Peter for the morning. Dealing with Tony’s son was hardly a chore, the boy was endearing, a potent mixture of shy politeness and enthusiasm, backed by a fierce intelligence. It had been easy to while away the morning discussing the War Machine armour, and between Peter and Togo, he’d gained a much deeper understanding of its specs.

However, Tony had only said he’d be out of commission for the morning, and he’d already pushed lunch back by half an hour but there was no sign of his friend emerging. If he’d been dealing with his friend from six months ago that wouldn’t have been a concern – that Tony cared little for deadlines - but he’d seen just how much effort the man had been putting into ensuring he kept a good routine, and his promises to Peter.

“Could you let Tony know lunch will be in fifteen minutes please Jarvis?” He directed the request at the AI, hoping that the general prompt would be enough to elicit a response. Thankfully, a reply came quickly.

“He says ‘I’ll be up in a minute honeybear, just keep Roo away from the stove until then’.” The recording of his friend’s voice played over the speakers, and Rhodey cast a curious look in the direction of his young helper whose cheeks were currently stained an impressive shade of crimson.

“It was only once.” The indignant grumble did nothing to soothe his curiosity, and he’d been dealing with Starks for long enough to know that there was absolutely a story there, but in the interest of being a good uncle, he could let it lie for now.

The red still hadn’t faded from Peter’s cheeks when Tony emerged from the lift, though Rhodey didn’t miss the way the boy’s posture shifted, almost instinctively gravitating towards his friend. He also didn’t miss the way some of the tension almost seemed to slough off his brother as the man caught sight of his son.

“Have you been good for Rhodey buddy?” The question was soft, and evidently not meant for Rhodey’s ears, but he couldn’t help but overhear a conversation happening no more than six feet away.

Mindful of his friend’s privacy though, he busied himself with mixing a salad. The novelty and relief of seeing his best friend so domestic still hadn’t worn off, and he doubted it would for a while yet. Tony had simply changed too fast and too drastically. He could understand it of course, particularly given what he knew about the time travel, and it wasn’t as if there was nothing recognisable about his friend.

Rhodey could still see traces of the self-destructive behaviours, evidence of trauma, old and new, painted across both body and behaviour, and the man still possessed the same edge, intellect and passion spinning around him in a wild storm. But he’d been tempered somewhat, refined in ways only time and hardship could inflict.

Tony had always cared. He’d known that from the beginning, but it had always been buried deep, hidden behind masks of sarcasm and judgement and hurt and anger that he’d spent years excavating. Seeing him so willing to display that care now, despite all the pain he’d internalised from Howard was a relief.

Finishing the salad, he looked up and didn’t bother even trying to suppress the smile that rose on his face at the sight. Peter was tucked into his father’s side, hand gesturing animatedly as he gave a blow-by-blow account of everything they’d done that morning. For his part Tony was listening intently, eyes sparkling with unabashed fondness.

It was almost a shame to interrupt the moment, however after staying with the Starks for the best part of two weeks, Rhodey knew that any interruption that mentioned food in Peter’s earshot was almost invariably welcomed. That pattern held true this time too, and as they sat down Rhodey made a point of catching Tony’s eye and tilting his head in a subtle enquiry.

The flash of a grimace he received in return told him all he needed to, and Peter’s next question just solidified his suspicions.

“Are we going to do something this afternoon Papà?”

“We’ll do something yes, but SI will have to steal me tomorrow morning.”

Peter’s pout was fierce, “Can’t I come?”

“Not this time kiddo,” his best friend’s voice was firm with the denial, although it lightened as he tacked on, “It would bore you anyway, it’s just media and legal, and unfortunately I sometimes have to deal with them in person.”

Rhodey had to use every inch of his military training to clamp down on the laugh that threatened to escape as he heard the boy’s put-upon sigh at that declaration. The child sounded seven going on forty, and the look he levelled at his father didn’t dispel that image. Tony however, showed no such restraint, tipping his head back as chuckles escaped.

Peter’s look only grew flatter as his father continued to laugh, and suddenly Rhodey could see exactly what the boy would look like as a teenager. However, the child couldn’t hold the look for long, and it melted away into a pout as his best friend reached out to ruffle his hair.

“I was thinking of going for a swim this afternoon,” Tony announced, “Growing boys need exercise after all.”

Peter’s pout lessened at that, a hint of excitement peeking through. “Will you be coming in?” He asked, doubt coating every word. Rhodey narrowed his eyes slightly at the question, that was also something he would be interested in knowing. Pepper had mentioned something about water in the triggers she’d mentioned, and he knew enough about interrogation tactics to put two and two together.

“Maybe kiddo,” the reply was quiet, “But if I do, no splashing alright?”

That was his suspicions confirmed, and he made a mental note to see if it wasn’t possible to get his hands on some of the resources they provided to soldiers recovering from PTSD and torture. Unfortunately, he knew an actual therapist was out of the question, though he was certain Tony could do with one.

“No splashing I promise.” Peter’s voice broke him out of his musings, and the solemnity and darkness lurking in the boy’s voice caught him off guard for a moment. It was far too knowing than any child’s voice of Peter’s apparent age had a right to be, and Rhodey was suddenly reminded that it wasn’t just Tony and Pepper who’d time-travelled.

It was easy to forget that Peter was more than the genius seven-year-old he presented as, but looking at his friend and his son now, Rhodey could clearly see the weight of their experiences pressing down on both of them.

He’d have to see whether the veterans’ office had anything on dealing with trauma in children too.
Notes:

    Hello again! I hope you all enjoyed this.

    Firstly I want to say thank you to whoever nominated me for the Irondad Creator Awards! If you haven't come across those yet - check out the community, it's a collection of utterly brilliant stories.

    As for updates, soon, hopefully *shrugs* - life is rather hectic, but with any luck I'll get back into a somewhat regular update schedule at somepoint.

Chapter 47: Chapter 46
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Pepper waited until she was safely ensconced in the privacy of her office to let loose the sigh she had so very carefully been holding behind her teeth for the last hour. Dealing with the press was its own sort of hell, and one that didn’t change substantially with all her years of practice.

Oh, she knew better what to expect, and her poise under fire had increased dramatically through the years of leading a Fortune-100 company whose fortunes were tied to a group of unstable superheroes. However, that didn’t change the fact that the combination of flashing cameras, inappropriate, or simply poorly researched and sometimes shouted questions never failed to set her teeth on edge and start up a low-grade headache.

Still, it had been a remarkably calm press conference all things considered. Stane’s death would make a few headlines for a few days but the news cycle would soon calm down. After all, as far as they were concerned, it was simply an unfortunately timed heart attack – no evidence of anything more scandalous and only the most diehard conspiracy theories would see anything more suspicious in it.

Unfortunately, in this case, she knew the conspiracy theorists were closer to the truth than the mainstream media. Jarvis had managed to access enough of the secure footage and records from the prison and the autopsy data to be certain it was an assassination.

The AI had found sufficient evidence to indicate that the guard who had brought Stane his final meal wasn’t actually legitimate. The forgery work on his paperwork was excellent, but the AI was deep enough in Hydra’s servers to recognise their fingerprints, and then there was the trace of something odd in the bloodwork. Tony hadn’t yet been able to identify the chemical – chemistry was not one of his primary specialisms after-all, and it wasn’t implausible that the poison was a Hydra original.

It left a fairly conclusive picture and Pepper had known better than to protest when Tony had pulled her aside late last night and handed her a cut down version of his own undersuit. It wasn’t the first time she’d worn body armour, and she could understand his paranoia, particularly when he had both her and Morgan to protect.

It didn’t hurt that it was remarkably wearable as well. Thin, lightweight, not too hot and easily concealable beneath her standard work outfits. That came with its own trade-offs of course. It only covered her torso for one, and secondly it would only protect her from bullets as it wasn’t possible to include protection from both slashing and piercing attacks without being substantially bulkier.

She knew this was only a stop-gap measure however. Tony had mentioned somewhat offhandedly that he was currently working on a version of the Rescue suit for her, and an adapted version of the Iron Spider suit for Peter.

She didn’t quite know how to feel about that. It had been odd enough coming into work with one concealed weapon, having an entire suit at her fingertips would be more jarring still. She’d seen Tony’s attachment to his suits, but she’d never possessed the same level of paranoia, or desire to have that security at her fingertips.

But she understood better now. Fighting in the battle against Thanos had been one thing, an adrenaline rush like no other, beating against a miasma of choking fear and screaming instincts, but being sent back into the past was another. It was an isolated existence, keeping and balancing secrets, being so very careful, and knowing there were enemies skulking in the shadows.

She understood Tony’s paranoia far better now.

And just like her fiancé she had a family to protect.

But unlike Tony, she didn’t protect them with suits of armour, surrounding them in a protective cage of technology in an attempt to spite death himself. No, her weapons were different, and whilst she would wear his armour to stop him fretting, her own armour was different too.

A perfectly manicured fingernail tapped against the edge of her desk as Emily knocked briefly on the door before entering.

“Daniel Sherwin here to speak with you.”

“Send him up please Emily,” she responded with a smile, letting her normal professional mask fall into place.

The lawyer entered the office a few moments later, a hint of a frown pulling at his lips as he took the seat opposite her, carefully removing documents from his briefcase and placing them where they were easily accessible to them both.

“The criminal case is over,” he started quietly, “The courts won’t try a dead man, and given he can no longer face personal sanction it is meaningless anyway.”

Pepper simply nodded. That was not unexpected, given there were specific prohibitions against holding trials in absentia written into the constitution, and death did not meet any of the few exceptions.

“What would the implications be on releasing all of the evidence we’ve accumulated to the public?” She asked, eyes sharp.

“It is mostly unadvisable at the moment,” the Head of Legal replied promptly. “Whilst the criminal case is over, we are still able to pursue civil claims, and therefore we should not publicly share any evidence we could use in those until they have concluded.”

“What are our prospects there?”

“Relatively good,” Daniel admitted, steepling his fingers in front of him as he spoke, “The FBI have already impounded most of his assets under the suspicion they are stolen or gained through criminal activity. Inheritance claims won’t be settled until the provenance of those assets has been ascertained, and given the paper trails, proving our ownership of those funds should be comparatively trivial.”

He paused, drawing in a careful breath before continuing.

“Any fines are a murkier area. Once those assets have been deemed to be ours, we can claim against his estate for damages, but there are relatively few precedents in this area, so I cannot be confident we would win such case.” He sighed, before adding. “We won’t get as much out of the estate as we would with a criminal conviction – I can’t push for personal compensation, but we should still be able to get back everything he stole with some extra.”

Pepper kept her face smooth, although she allowed the edge of her nails to tap the edge of the desk as she thought.

“Press ahead with the civil cases.” She said sharply, “You have carte-blanche to wring his estate for every last dollar you can extract.”

Daniel simply nodded in response, though the slightest hint of a predatory smirk crept around his lips. Whilst SI always had plenty of work for their legal team, it was rare that they were given such a broad remit, and a case like this had the promise of being entertaining.

“I also want a list of everything you don’t think you will need in evidence,” she continued, “Particularly anything that is easily digestible by the public.”

The lawyer’s smile turned slightly more vicious at that, the man easily grasping the implication. “There should be a few pieces,” he said, his voice measured, “However, it will be a limited list, and I cannot guarantee any of it will actually be useful.”

Pepper waved that objection away, “I’m sure the PR department will be able to generate sufficiently negative headlines with whatever you can give them. The groundwork’s there already.” She paused for an instant, before changing the subject.

“On a more personal matter, I believe you have the documents Mr Stark requested?”

“I do indeed Miss Potts,” he confirmed, extracting two sets of papers and passing them over to her, “Mr Stark and yourself will need to file these in person, however may I be the first to congratulate you both?”

“Thank you Daniel,” she replied, her smile genuine this time. “We’ll release the news to the press a week or so after the ceremony, so you won’t have to sit on it for too long.” The sentence had a distinctly light note to it, and despite the words they both knew Daniel would handle the matter with the utmost discretion.

He'd been the Head of Stark Industry’s legal team for nearly five years now, and Tony’s personal lawyer for over a decade before that and his service had been impeccable. There was a reason he was one of the very few people who was even aware of Peter’s existence, and that he’d handled all the necessary legal components for their wedding.

Business concluded, they exchanged the obligatory pleasantries before the lawyer left and Pepper leant back in her chair, allowing herself a brief moment of respite before focussing once more. Her wedding was barely a week away, and with all the complications surrounding Stane’s death, her to-do list was only getting longer.

The cloth slid cleanly over the knife blade, the familiar sound filling the room as she thought.

Fury had just handed her an interesting problem and she hadn’t been given one of those for far too long. Most of her assignments followed one of two basic patterns, either they fell into the retrieve and protect an asset category or information extraction. Shield arranged far fewer assassinations than her previous employers.

This assignment nominally fell under the category of information extraction, however it was the complications that made it interesting.

Stark was not an easy target.

That was not an opinion she would have held even six months ago. Stark, as he was back then, she viewed as easy prey – all it would have taken was the right party and he’d have taken her home himself. The womanizing ones were always the easiest to bait.

The dossier Fury had handed her, and her own preliminary research had changed that.

Stark’s habits had changed drastically since his return from Afghanistan, and the accounts of Shield’s interactions with him, suggested some deeper mental shifts as well. That was not entirely unexpected, she knew first hand just how easily a person could be broken, and the dramatic changes trauma could wreak.

However, the changes Stark had undergone were unhelpful to her current mission. The womanizing and partying had almost ground to a halt, with the man only attending a single gala - and leaving that without a companion – in the last three months. The report on the failed infiltration of his home was also revealing in both the details it included and the glaring omissions.

Four experienced agents had been knocked out and captured, firstly through a sound-based paralysis method Shield had yet to replicate, and then through the application of an anaesthetic that the medics suspected to be one of the flurane compounds. However, aside from identifying those basic factors in their capture, they still had very limited knowledge of the defensive capabilities of the building.

Fury and Coulson had seen nothing obviously untoward in the brief time they had been inside the mansion, and she knew both men were highly competent agents. If they hadn’t noticed anything obvious, it would be because the defences were sufficiently concealed.

Then there was Stark’s verbal threat, and it was one she had to take seriously. If a person could be rendered unconscious, they were helpless enough that killing them would be simple. Though that alone didn’t say that much. Dealing out death was simple, sufficiently hiding the fact that there had been a murder was more challenging, but Stark had the resources and the intellect that solving that issue would not be beyond him.

No, the mansion was not a viable option of approach.

The site was too well defended, and there were too many unknowns and she despised dealing with unknown variables. If, and when, she entered there, it would be either at Stark’s invitation or one from one of the few people he trusted.

That left her with three options. Colonel James Rhodes, Virginia Potts or Harold Hogan.

Rhodes she discarded immediately. Though he held Stark’s trust, he was too intermittent a visitor, and his military role would cause more issues that it solved in an infiltration. That left the SI angle of approach.

The company was currently hiring, which made getting an in so much simpler, it was just a case of identifying which department was most likely to get her to her target quickest. That left her with two possibilities, secretarial work or security.

Both were almost invisible in a large organisation like SI, particularly once you’d worked there for a few weeks, you blended into the background, and that was particularly useful when it came to information gathering. The question then became one of access.

The ideal position would be Stark’s PA – that would get her access to all of his work-spaces, his home and his diary, however Potts had occupied that position for years and showed no signs of stepping down imminently. There were ways around that of course, however she had no authorisation for taking more permanent measures against any of Stark’s inner circle, and none of the easily inducible illnesses would last long enough for her purposes.

If she couldn’t make it to Potts’ current role, the secretary route would be far less useful. Whilst the tendency of many more senior workers to view their secretaries as little more than furniture was exceedingly useful for her line of work, it was only an efficient means of information gathering if you were able to access the right rooms and conversations. With Potts blocking her main access route to Stark, it was unlikely she would be able to spend sufficient time with the man to complete her mission.

That left security.

From her initial research she had already noted that Stark had a rotating cast of bodyguards during the few public appearances he’d made since Afghanistan. Therefore, it was likely it would be relatively easy for her to ensure she was on his guard at a public event. That would provide her with opportunities.

It came down to trust. She needed to ensure she was granted sufficient trust to be allowed close to Stark, and to access the mansion. It was well documented that Stark had a fondness for field promotions – Hogan had gained his role due to his interactions with an inebriated Stark, and Potts had gained hers by pointing out an accounting mistake. Her easiest route to Stark would therefore be to manufacture her own such promotion.

An assassination event would do nicely.

Given their current profile of the man, ‘taking a bullet’ for him, was precisely the sort of stunt that would be sufficient to prove her loyalty and gain her such a field promotion.

She would have to speak to Clint. There was no-one else in Shield she would trust to fire a bullet or an arrow at her and both ensure that the damage to her was minimal, and that her mark remained unharmed. She also had full confidence in her partner’s ability to disappear following the event, particularly if she ensured that the official first responders were Shield agents.

If he could not be spared, there were other possibilities. A bomb threat could also work, though that came with more risks. Her mark was an expert in their creation, and it was substantially harder to minimise collateral damage when shrapnel was involved, and she could not afford to kill or maim Stark. Intercepting a poison threat would be less messy, but would require very precise timing, and unless she carried off her part perfectly, it would be hard to make the needed connection with Stark.

It would be an interesting challenge.

The cloth slid over the blade for the last time and she lifted the knife up, tilting it from side to side as she inspected the edge with a critical eye.

It was sufficient.

Satisfied, she rose from her seat and headed for the door. An infiltration like this required immersing herself into her role, and that meant living in an apartment separate from the structure of Shield. There was no particular wrench at leaving her rooms here though. One place was as good as any other, identities were as interchangeable as clothes.

It wasn’t as if she was portraying her real self here either. Natasha Romanoff was just as much a fiction as Natalie Rushman would be and Natalia Alianovna Romanoff was buried so deeply she could count the number of people who had ever met her on one hand.

She had no care for material possessions either, functionality was all that mattered there. Physical objects were easily broken, easily replaced, with no value beyond the functions they could provide for her and sentimentality was wasted on them. Sentiment was dangerous, sentiment was deadly and she had only ever invested it in two people, her sister and her partner.

Everything else she could leave, everything else she had left.

Natasha Romanoff walked out of her Shield quarters, but it was Natalie Rushman who hailed a taxi from three blocks away, keys to her new apartment tucked securely in her purse.
Notes:

    Hello again! I hope you enjoyed the chapter and my first attempt at writing Natasha Romanov. Hers is an interesting voice and I'm not entirely sure I've got her right - however, I hope you enjoyed all the hints about coming plot.

    We've also got a wedding coming up - probably next chapter, so that should be fun - though I now know far more than I wanted to about USA marriage law - who thought having so much state specific legislation was a good idea?!!

    See you next time.

Chapter 48: Chapter 47
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

It was a somewhat surreal experience waiting for your wedding to start for the second time Tony decided.

His first had been overshadowed by the grief that had marked all those days back then, the weight of absent figures resting heavily on his heart, pain lapping at the edge of the joy. There had been nerves too – he’d known Pepper was the only person he would marry, known he loved her in a way he hadn’t loved another – but that didn’t stop the doubts from crowding around his mind.

There were fewer doubts this time.

He’d married her once before, and they’d had five years together, and whilst it hadn’t always been easy, it had been good and there had been happiness to balance the sorrow. He knew he could do this, had confidence that their relationship could weather any of the storms life threw at it.

That knowledge gave him a certainty that allowed him to face the upcoming event with few of the nerves that had plagued him last time. The only ones remaining were the ones of a more banal nature – would everyone get to the ceremony on time? Had someone in the county court leaked it and would the fact of their wedding be splashed over every tabloid newspaper in the country tomorrow morning?

However, those were worries he knew how to deal with, had dealt with for most of his adult life, and for today he would deal with them in old Tony Stark fashion. Damn what they might say, damn what they might print, he was Tony fucking Stark, and he would not let the impinge on this day.

Today was for Pepper and him, for their children and their extended family and friends. The world could keep spinning without them today; today it could burn and he wouldn’t care. It was a strangely freeing thought.

The last fifteen years of his life had been bound up in being a superhero, and although he’d retired after the first snap, there had still been the guilt he’d never been able to let go of. He’d made so many mistakes, caused so much pain and borne the burden of being responsible for the safety of the world.

It had broken him.

He knew that much, and five years and fatherhood had only started to fix the cracks, to glue the pieces back together. That was one of the blessings of being back in the past. He had time now, time with his family, time to heal, time to prepare.

The weight of mistakes was easier to bear when so many hadn’t happened yet, and it was much easier to carry the weight of the world when he knew what was coming, when he wasn’t grasping desperately into the dark, searching for any hint he could find of what was to come.

Not easy, but easier.

That distinction mattered. He was under no illusions that the coming years were going to be straightforward, or easy, but knowledge and support mattered. This time he knew what he was facing, and knew he wasn’t facing it alone.

“Papà?”

His son’s voice broke him out of his thoughts and he turned to face the boy, a smile growing on his lips as caught sight of him. It had taken a while to find a colour that suited both Peter and Rhodey, but once they’d found it, Giovanni had outdone himself.

“Yes Tesoro?” he replied, fondness coating every inch of his voice.

Peter being here, taking part in the ceremony like Tony had originally intended for him to before everything with Thanos, immediately relieved some of the tension he hadn’t even been aware he’d been carrying. The boy’s absence at his first wedding had left a gaping, seeping wound, and one he hadn’t truly appreciated the depth of until it was filled.

“Uncle Rhodey says they’re nearly ready for you,” Peter reported, fingers twitching in the hem of his jacket in a way Tony knew meant either nervousness or excitement.

Or both, he amended, as familiar brown eyes met his, and he took in the mixture of emotions swirling in them. Gently he reached out and smoothed down Peter’s collar, more for the grounding nature of the touch rather than any need to actually fix the child’s outfit. Motion completed, he let his hands linger on Peter’s shoulders, savouring the fact his son was here, alive.

“Are you ready?” The boy asked then, curiosity laced words breaking into the silence.

Tony hummed slightly, the sound filling the air as he considered his answer.

“Readier than I was last time,” he replied quietly.

“Because you were married before?” Peter asked, head titled slightly in enquiry.

“Partially,” Tony allowed, one hand reaching out to gently tug the child closer, “But also partially because nobody’s missing this time.”

That statement wasn’t entirely true of course, but Friday had been at his first wedding, and the rest of his family had been dead and buried for the best part of twenty years at this point. Their absence was felt but it was a dull grief by now, smoothed and polished by the years.

Widening eyes told him the significance of that statement hadn’t been lost on his son, and a heartbeat later he had an armful of seven-year-old. His arms immediately tightened, sweeping the boy up into a secure hold and he let out a deep breath as he rested his cheek on Peter’s hair, content to steal a few quiet moments with his son.

Peter also seemed happy to let the silence stretch, perhaps sensing that despite the honesty in the previous answers, his father wasn’t inclined to elaborate. He simply snuggled closer, tucking himself against Tony’s chest in such a way that the man could feel every breath and heartbeat. However, the moment was soon broken by two quick raps on the door.

“What’s taking so long Tones?” Rhodey was already speaking, even as his best man pushed open the door. A single eyebrow rose as his friend took in the sight before him, noting the way Peter was curled tightly in Tony’s arms, and the mixture of old grief and wonder painted on Tony’s features.

“You know,” his friend added conversationally as he shut the door behind him, “Pepper will murder me if I let either of you show up with a crumpled suit.”

“Particularly today,” Tony agreed with a barked laugh.

Carefully he lowered Peter back down onto the floor, gently smoothing out creases and rearranging fabric with easy practiced motions. Once he was satisfied his son was completely presentable, he quickly straightened his own suit, fingers moving with the grace of long habit.

“You’ve got Jarvis and the bots already safely down there right?”

“They went down half an hour ago,” Rhodey confirmed, “So just you, Peter and Pepper left.”

Tony just nodded, eyes scanning across the room searching for anything he might have forgotten, but everything seemed to be in place. He had the rings, knew all his children were safe, knew the plan for the ceremony and he trusted Rhodey to make sure everything else was sorted out.

The drive to the chapel was quiet, softly murmured conversations hardly breaking the reflective atmosphere that had settled over the car.

It was a very different feeling to his first wedding. That had been a rushed, hurried affair in the judge’s office in the city hall, with only Rhodey and Happy as witnesses. Although planning this ceremony had also been rushed, they had decided to have a church ceremony this time.

This wasn’t because of any particularly religious inclinations - though his mother had ensured he been baptised catholic – but rather because of the contrast to the previous wedding, and the opportunities it would give them in regards to the ceremony itself.

They had also been able to find the priest who had done his parents funerals, and a few years later the Jarvis’ as well. That man had been responsible for the few even remotely positive memories he had from that funeral, the only person amongst the thousands of attendees that had seen the grieving, lost twenty-one-year-old and offered sincere compassion.

That compassion had been the reason Tony had gone back to him when the time had come for him to bury Jarvis and Ana, and the reason he’d been glad to discover he was still alive and willing to perform a wedding for them.

It helped, just a little to have that continuity there, helped having another one of the vanishingly few people who still remembered his mother and the Jarvis’ there. It made them seem a little less remote, and on a day like today, that meant something. He should have had them here, been able to see his mother’s smile as he waited at the altar, should have had Jarvis standing quietly proud a few rows back, and maybe he even could have tolerated his father being here, not missing this event like he'd missed so many other important events in his life.

This grief wasn’t crippling though, it was old and scabbed and although it ached more today, it was one he knew how to cope with.

The slight change in the rumble of the Audi’s engine alerted him to the fact they were arriving, and he glanced out the window just in time to catch sight of the small white-washed chapel, almost tucked out of view behind a screening set of trees.

Much like the priest, the location had also been very carefully chosen. The chapel was seldom used and far off the beaten track. The town here had been deliberately built by SI in the late 1940s to house the workers for the boron and rare earth mines that were crucial for weapons development and manufacturing.

The mines had run dry nearly twenty years ago, but SI hadn’t sold the land. Whilst there wasn’t a direct case for maintaining that asset, the town had still been home to several retired workers, and the land in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada was suitable for vineyards and orchards. The vineyards that had replaced the mines hadn’t provided the same amount of employment of course, but it had been enough to keep the town alive, and having their own in-house wine production had made hosting galas and functions easier. The notion of having his own vineyard had also appealed to young Tony, fresh out of college and already an alcoholic, and the workers here hadn’t disappointed.

However, the fact that the chapel was on SI land, and on the edge of a town where everyone either worked for SI, had worked for SI or was a dependent of someone who did, had meant things were so much easier to arrange.

For starters, security was far less of a concern than it would be in virtually any other location as between them, Happy and Jarvis had complete files on everyone here, and had been able to make a security assessment. Secondly, the location was remote enough that it wasn’t on the radar of most of the national or local press, and given the personal interest Tony had taken in the vineyards here, a visit from him wasn’t particularly noteworthy either.

All those factors combined to make the arranged event seem as unremarkable as possible, and that was precisely the way Tony wanted it.

The Audi rounded the last bend of the drive, slowing to a careful stop and giving them their first full view of the chapel itself. The exterior had been carefully, and tastefully done – with a simple arch of flowers framing the door, in a beautiful mixture of whites, greens, blues and golds. It was pitched at precisely the right level, complimenting without overwhelming, and the white-washed wood almost seemed to shine in the morning light.

“Wow.” The exclamation was quiet, scarcely a breath, however it was enough to turn Tony’s attention to his son, and a smile rose on his face as he caught sight of the amazement that was painted over Peter’s features.

“It’s quite something isn’t it, buddy,” he agreed softly, his smile widening at the vigorous nod he received in response.

“Now you’re happy you know what you’re doing today?” Tony checked quietly, as they approached the door and Peter nodded again, promptly launching into a recitation of the day.

“Wait with Happy at the door until Miss Potts arrives. She’ll go down the aisle and I’ll follow her carrying the rings which I’ll give to Uncle Rhodey. Then I’ll sit down on the pew in the front next to Uncle Rhodey. After the ceremony I’ll follow you both out and dodge DUM-E’s flowers.”

A chuckle escaped as he heard the boy’s last addition but he’d got all the essential points and Tony nodded approvingly.

“Exactly right kiddo.”

They’d reached the porch now, and Tony took a deep breath to steady the nerves that had suddenly flared up.

“See you in a few minutes bug,” he murmured through a rapidly thickening throat, before leaning down to press a swift kiss to Peter’s forehead.

Pushing down the nerves again, Tony entered the chapel. A quick glance revealed that everyone he was expecting was here, and a tiny amount of tension slipped off his shoulders. Everything was alright.

When asked about it later he could honestly say he didn’t know how long he spent exchanging pleasantries with the few guests and then waiting at the altar. Time seemed to blur together; too long and too short until he was standing at the altar and the unmistakable strains of Handel’s Arrival of the Queen of Sheba echoed out from the organ.

He half turned, breath catching in his throat as he caught sight of her. Pepper’s dress was simple, but no less striking for its simplicity. A-line in shape, and its shade a pure ivory, it accentuated her figure, and the delicate beading gave it the last finishing touches. She was beautiful.

She was and would be his wife.

How had he got so lucky?

He didn’t know what expression was written across his face as he gazed at her, but a smile grew across her lips and an answering smile stretched across his own. And then she was here, and her hand was in his and the ceremony started.

It was a simple ceremony.

Whilst they had both been baptised catholic, neither had retained any faith into their adulthood, therefore they’d opted for the non-sacramental ceremony. It wouldn’t have felt right to have the more overtly religious elements included, not when they didn’t mean anything for them, and did for others.

Frankly, the Tony of twenty years ago wouldn’t have appreciated the elements that the rite of marriage retained, but as he’d grown older he’d gained a deeper appreciation of the importance of these sort of rituals.

This was for them yes, but it wasn’t just for them.

All the vows they needed had been spoken time and again, in bloody battlefields and the quiet of their bedroom. But there was a new weight this time, a weight both from those witnessing and from the memories surrounding them.

It was joy and pain and hope and love and family.

It was there in Peter’s blinding smile as he passed the rings to Rhodey. It was there in the steady hand that clasped his shoulder briefly as his best man handed them to the priest. It echoed through the air as the priest spoke the final blessing and the “Amen” echoed back from their family.

And it was tears and laughter and the thundering chords of Widor’s Toccata followed them down the aisle to emerge blinking into the morning sunlight.

A face-full of flower petals caught him by surprise.

Spluttering he looked up, shaking petals out of his hair just in time for DUM-E to nail him with another clawful, happy, victorious beeps filling the air.

He couldn’t help the laugh that bubbled up, buoyed by too many emotions to name and beside him he heard Pepper’s laugh mix in with his, high and bright.

They were married.

And he could breathe.
Notes:

    Hello? Sorry...

    Have an early Christmas present?

    Life happened.

    Also - for those who are curious - I'm going with the fanon that Tony's mother was Italien and therefore probably catholic - and given Tony was born in the 70's the idea he might have been baptised is plausible. I'm giving Pepper the backstory that her grandparents were Irish (hence the red hair), and therefore has a catholic background similarly - however this chapter is the most religion we're going to see for these characters!

Chapter 49: Chapter 48
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

May carefully concealed a yawn as she leant back in her seat, though in the seat next to her Peter was making no effort to conceal his tiredness, leaning heavily against the car door as glazed eyes stared out of the window.

It had been a good day out, she’d taken Peter to the Columbia Memorial Space Centre, and he’d loved the exhibits, running around with enough energy that she’d become very grateful Stark had insisted Harold accompanied them on this expedition. She had become much more proficient with her wheelchair over the last few weeks, but she still wasn’t fast enough to keep up with an energetic seven-year-old.

The museum and its attractions had also been enough of a distraction that Peter had mostly relaxed around her, which for the first outing they’d had together without Stark, she’d take for the victory it was. That didn’t mean it didn’t hurt, before the accident it had been years since Peter had been this wary around her, and she wanted that ease back.

Stark’s explanation had helped, given her context and she knew better than most that trauma could and did manifest in so many varied ways, and heaven knew Peter had experienced more than most his age but still, she wished it could have manifested differently.

Progress was being made though. They’d made it through a whole day together without Stark to act as a buffer and Peter had held up admirably throughout. If she hadn’t known her nephew as well as she did, she wouldn’t have been able to see the subtle tension that had laced his shoulders at times, or seen the way Peter had twitched reaching out for someone who wasn’t there. But despite it all, his eyes had lit up when he’d seen the Apollo Test Module, and for all she suspected the science activities were well below what he was regularly playing with in Stark’s lab, his enthusiastic babbling was a welcome slice of normality.

She was tired though. It had been a busy few days, first coming up to Malibu for the wedding – which if you had told her even three months ago that she would attend, she would have directed you to the psychiatric department – and then taking Peter out today. It had been a good visit though, and very neatly provided a wedding gift for the Starks as well.

It had been a conundrum she’d struggled with for over a week before she’d thought of taking Peter out for the day. Billionaires were impossible to buy for, there was nothing material she could give that they couldn’t buy their own, better quality version of, and she didn’t know either of them well enough to gauge whether they’d accept something handmade.

It hadn’t been until she’d diffidently proposed the idea to Stark over one of their regular calls and seen the flash of relief in his eyes that she’d realised the full potential of her offer. She hadn’t taken in the full details of Peter’s enhancements – she’d been too overwhelmed those first few days in Malibu and it wasn’t something to discuss over a call – but she remembered Stark saying that her nephew could hear anything that happened in the house.

So she’d taken Peter for the day, with Harold to help both with security and for the more practical elements, and hoped that the Starks had enjoyed the privacy. Now that she thought about it, privacy must be something distinctly lacking for a celebrity billionaire.

Her musings had lasted the entire drive and she shook herself out of her thoughts as the car slid smoothly into the garage. Stark – she should probably start trying to think of him as Tony, they were family now after all – was waiting for them and as she watched Peter almost visibly shook off his tiredness.

The instant the car came to a halt the boy was out of his seat and he crossed the gap to his father with a speed that was slightly more than human. May followed at a distinctly slower pace and by the time she was securely in her wheelchair once more her nephew’s brief burst of energy had been expended and he was leaning heavily into Stark – no Tony’s – side.

“An eventful day, I hear,” the man greeted her with a smile, before it widened into a smirk that she was more familiar with from paparazzi shots, “You’re relieved of child wrangling duty Hogan!”

The grumbles that came from the car were not quite audible but given Peter’s quiet giggle evidently not too inappropriate. Tony’s smirk widened for a minute, and now she could see the differences between this and his paparazzi smirk – this one had more warmth, more genuine emotion behind it – than any of the magazine slots. Not for the first time she wondered at just how much of the real Tony Stark was ever shown in public, for the man she was beginning to know almost felt like a completely different person from the one splashed across the news.

“I presume you are joining us for dinner May?” The question was courteous and she nodded her assent as they made their way through the mansion. Eating with the Stark’s had become less of a novelty over the time they’d stayed here and home cooking had become something she desperately missed in the residential unit.

The rest of the evening went smoothly and by the time Tony disappeared to put Peter to bed she was feeling remarkably relaxed. The only downside was that Ben had been unable to make it – the flights last time had been difficult enough and he hadn’t progressed sufficiently quickly in his recovery that pushing it again would help.

The quiet ping of the elevator alerted her to the fact that Tony had returned and May subtly straightened in her chair – there was one matter she wished to discuss with the Starks and now Peter was asleep they could talk without worrying.

“If you’re still amenable, Ben and I would like to take you up on the offer of that apartment.” She announced, forcing herself to meet their eyes.

It had been a difficult decision. It was a generous offer, very generous but it did create a debt and trusting that it wouldn’t be called in was hard, however in the end, two factors had decided it. Firstly Peter, being that close would allow them to maintain their relationship with him, and secondly their own need. Their current apartment was not wheelchair friendly, the lift had been broken for years and their landlord was already making less than positive noises about their situation.

Taking the apartment from the Starks would be the simplest solution, and it would help immensely in the short term at least. They hadn’t come to a decision about whether they would stay there long term, but until they were back on their feet – physically and metaphorically - it would only help.

She hadn’t expected the look of sincere pleasure that came over the Starks’ faces at that news, and was slightly taken aback by Pepper’s immediate, warm response.

“We look forward to having you both as neighbours May,” there was a beat and then she continued, “You already have all of the key information but I’ll send over some catalogues and we can get it decorated to your preferences – I presume we’ll sort out the details of the move at a later date?”

“That would be good yes,” May managed. She hadn’t even considered the idea of decorating, but that could be left until later and when she could have a private freak out at the catalogue prices as she was certain billionaires didn’t shop from The Home Depot!

“On the topic of New York,” Tony inserted idly, “I wanted to ask you about contact details for Peter’s friends. He’s mentioned a Ned Leeds a few times and I’d like to see if we could get in contact – particularly with Peter’s birthday coming up.”

That was something May could do. “I don’t know Nenita’s number of the top of my head, but I can give you their address, and I’ll look it up when I get back.” She paused then, suddenly realising a complication, before adding, “Though if you could wait a few days to contact her – I’d prefer to let her know about the accident myself. I’ll leave Peter’s parentage to you if that’s alright?” At Tony’s nod she continued,

“So what are you planning for Peter’s birthday then?”

Four quick flashing LEDs caught Tony’s attention and he flicked his eyes twice at Jarvis’ nearby camera. A heartbeat later the LEDs pulsed again and he knew Jarvis he processed his response.

It was a simple but necessary code given the amount of time Peter spent in the lab. Thankfully, this particular message didn’t indicate anything so urgent that he needed to stop work and deal with it immediately. This code indicated Jarvis had an important but not time-critical issue he needed to discuss with him, and one that wasn’t suitable for Peter to overhear.

That was fine though – he’d discuss it once Peter was asleep. There were definite benefits to having sleep patterns that most of the world would scoff at. The fact he was regularly managing four to five hours a night still caught him off guard at times – and it was the most regular sleeping pattern he’d managed since he was Peter’s age. However, it still left him with plenty of time to work on those issues and projects he didn’t want his son anywhere near for a few more years yet.

A quiet grumble broke his concentration and a glance at the time and his slightly pink cheeked son revealed the culprit.

“I think it’s probably about time to cook buddy,” he said quietly “Pepper should be back soon.”

He’d kept his attention on the boy and he saw the slight twitch at Pepper’s name. It hadn’t started until after the wedding and he’d been keeping a careful eye on Peter since. The twitch happened every time he mentioned Pepper, and the boy had been stumbling over addressing her or avoiding that entirely. Tony had a pretty strong suspicion as to what was causing the change in behaviour, however if he left Peter to it, his son was likely to tie himself in knots.

“Pepper doesn’t mind how you address her bug,” he said quietly, and immediately he had to dodge a sauce splatter as the stirring spoon jerked in Peter’s hand.

“Well she’d prefer you didn’t call her Miss Potts,” he continued, “But Pepper, Aunt Pep anything sensible really…”

“Not Mum?” Peter’s voice was timid, and he reached down, gently smoothing fingers through flyaway curls.

“Only if you’re ready and want to Pete,” he said softly, “She won’t mind if you never use that, or if you start using it today or in three years’ time. Whenever, and if you’re ready and not before.”

He felt rather than heard the sigh of relief that escaped and squeezed Peter’s shoulder gently in response. “Now we’d better keep cooking if we want to avoid Pep’s wrath when she gets back.”

There was no twitch this time and Tony hid a smile as they continued to work. If only the rest of the problems on his plate were so easy to deal with.

The following hours passed quickly, spending time with his son and wife was always a pleasant distraction, however it was with no little relief that he headed back down to the lab. He had never done well with a mystery – his mind wouldn’t stop turning over the problem until he had a solution and in this case his information was so limited his ideas were pure speculation.

“What have you got for me J?”

“Two issues Sir,” came the prompt reply, “One concerning Shield directly, and one linked to unusual activity at Camp Lehigh.”

“Shield first Jarvis,” Tony decided. Between Jarvis’ access to their systems and his own knowledge of Fury, Agent and in their normal operating procedures that was likely to be the more tractable of the two issues. For all his knowledge of the future had pointed him in the direction of the Tesseract, he had very little knowledge of Camp Lehigh itself and anything else that might be hidden there.

“Very well Sir. Yesterday an application was received in response to a job advent for a security posting at Stark Industries and my background checks revealed traces of Shield tampering.”

Tony let out a slow breath as the AI continued. He’d known that Fury wouldn’t take the challenge he’d been given lying down but he hadn’t expected him to act so quickly.

“There is no digital trail for an infiltration mission targeting you or SI in Shield’s systems, however on 17.07.09 at 15.32 Director Fury printed out the file concerning yourself and de-activated all monitoring devices within his office for a period of 53 minutes. In that time, he spoke to three agents, Coulson, Hill and Romanov respectively.”

There was a regretful pause before Jarvis continued, “I am unable to confirm which agent received your file and all three agents are internally listed as being on an active mission, although Romanov’s status changed following the conversation.”

“What’s the name on the application?” Tony interrupted.

“Natalie Rushman.” Jarvis replied.

“Romanov’s our infiltrator then,” he supplied, idly tapping his fingers against the workbench, “Coulson was often her handler and Hill’s loyal to Fury, so both or neither could be involved as well.”

“Would you like me to reject the application Sir?”

His first instinct was to say yes. He knew Romanov – knew her as well as perhaps anyone bar Clint could claim. She was clever, utterly ruthless and dedicated to the mission. He knew better than to consider her loyal to Shield, for all they currently aligned with her goals, she wasn’t loyal to anyone but herself and the very few people she considered hers.

He wasn’t on that list. He’d never been on that list, and the illusion that he’d become one of the people she was at least willing to follow had only lasted until Germany.

However, by the same token he knew Natasha. He wasn’t so foolish as to trust her, but he knew she wasn’t Hydra and he had faith that he could predict her actions reasonably accurately.

And Fury wouldn’t stop in his attempts to ferret out every bit of information he could. The man was a paranoid bastard and he’d spent his entire career in espionage, it had only been a matter of time until the next attempt.

This latest attempt also showed Fury was taking the threat he posed more seriously – Romanov was one of his best, and the manner of the infiltration indicated he was willing to play a longer game. Keeping everything off the books was also notable – Fury evidently didn’t trust digital records where Tony was concerned anymore. Which, he mused, letting a touch of a smile touch his face, was at this point a little too late.

That didn’t help him to make this decision though. In the end, it came down to what he was willing to allow, and what he was confident he could keep control of.

“Which position precisely has she applied for J?”

“Security Team Leader – reporting directly to Mr Hogan.”

That made sense – without the vacancy created by promoting Pepper there wasn’t an opportunity to slip in as his personal assistant, and a position in security both gave her the ability to more around SI relatively freely, as well as some access to him. There was also a possibility she would try and manufacture, or seize an opportunity to try and win his trust with some sort of grand gesture – the way both Happy and Pepper had obtained their positions was well known after all.

However, security was somewhere he would be able to exploit her skillset. Whilst the first investigation into Stane has been completed, Happy was still cleaning house and there were still conspirators and likely Hydra influence to flush out. A month was not nearly long enough to do the sort of deep dive that was required, so he could easily keep her busy for over a year without her ever getting close to him.

There were other advantages as well. If, as he suspected, Happy’s investigations turned up more Hydra influence, she would channel that back to Fury, and that information the man would be more likely to trust. It would also keep her where he could see her.

Jarvis had complete control of Shield’s systems yes, but as this latest affair proved, that didn’t mean he could access everything they did. Fury had to suspect that he had some sort of access to Shield’s databases – it was the most obvious, albeit uncorrect, answer for how Tony had been able to find the information he’d thrown at the man – though it was highly unlikely he realised just how compromised his systems had become.

The main consequence of that though, was that the basic precautions the man was taking would be enough to obscure some of what he was doing. That would make Tony's job harder but of all the agents to send, at least he'd sent one that Tony prefered to keep in view. Romanov was one of Fury's more volatile assets, and if she was tied up with SI she wouldn’t be able to surprise him later, and Tony would gain another channel he could feed information along, and the ability to blind and distract Fury at will.

He didn’t like it.

He wanted to reject the application, and send her scurrying back to Fury, humiliated. He wanted Shield, and the poisonous tentacles of Hydra that twined through it to burn. But he couldn’t, wouldn’t risk it.

Hydra were too powerful to take on directly now, not without risking consequences he couldn’t live with. Shield could be useful allies in that fight – he’d never let Fury pull his strings again, but he could work with the man.

And keeping the Widow in SI, where her movements could be tracked, controlled and exploited would help with that goal.

He let out a deep breath.

“No Jarvis, let it proceed.” He instructed, “If she gets through to the in-person interview stage alert me, and make sure Happy sees me straight after her interview.”

He would not make the mistake of trusting Romanov, she was useful yes, and perhaps even one day she could be counted as an ally, but that day was a long way off.

And if she threatened him, or his family, well, he’d destroyed a Titan for his family before.

A Widow was hardly a challenge in comparison.

Natalie Rushman was sitting on the surprisingly comfortable chairs in the lobby, breathing carefully in a basic mediative, calming pattern. This was it – the final in-person interview at Stark Industries.

She’d passed the initial screening test and online aptitude modules with flying colours. That wasn’t surprising – she knew her references were excellent and she had the experience for this role. Security was a natural fit for veterans after all, and she’d been part of Operation Enduring Freedom VI as a Captain in the 82nd Airbourne Division, not to mention her interest in martial arts and black belt in judo.

“Ms Rushman?” The voice of the secretary - Melissa Farnham, a corner of her mind noted – interrupted her musing and she stood fluidly, making sure to send the girl a small smile. Getting to know potential co-workers was important, and the secretaries always had the best gossip.

The walk to the interview room was short, and Natalie kept up a polite conversation with Melissa as they went, letting the banalities sooth any remaining nerves.

“Mr Hogan, Ms Rushman for her interview,” the girl announced, rapping sharply on the door twice and gestured for her to enter as a brusque,

“Send her in,” emanated from inside and with a nod of thanks Natalie stepped inside.

Her first impression of Hogan was of a straightforward, blunt man. A loyal, tenacious man, demanding and good as his job, but not subtle. He wouldn’t be used to the world of deception, of lies and omissions and half-truths that she inhabited as easily as breathing. Wary yes, detailed oriented and used to looking for threats but honest.

And honest men were the easiest to fool.

 

 
Notes:

    Here you all go - plot!

    I hope you enjoyed it, and hopefully see you all soon.

Chapter 50: Chapter 49
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Happy eyed the closed door leading to his boss’ lab with a distinct note of trepidation. Early morning meetings hadn’t boded anything good since he’d started working for Tony, and that was a pattern that had only become more pronounced since the man’s return from Afghanistan.

That was not to say the content of every surprise that had been sprung on him over the past few months was negative, but being caught off guard by surprises of the magnitude Tony had been hiding was an unpleasant enough experience.

And knowing a surprise was coming didn’t help!

“May I be of assistance Mr Hogan?” The smooth British voice emanating from the ceiling was enough to fix the scowl on his face and get him moving towards the door. That query meant Tony knew he was here, and was most likely preparing a witty quip, and Happy did not feel like giving the man that satisfaction this morning. There were times he’d play along with Tony’s jesting but 5:45am was too early for dealing with his boss’ shenanigans.

“What did you think of Miss Rushman Hogan?”

The immediate question caught him off guard. Tony rarely showed interest in matters of hiring unless it was to do with upcoming scientists, so for him to know a potential candidate by name almost certainly meant a headache in the near future.

“She seemed pretty competent, fairly experienced, dealt well with the theoretical scenario - she looked like she’d be a good fit for the role.” He paused for a beat – he recognised that particular posture and so was confident enough to add, “That’s what you expected me to say and there’s a complication isn’t there?”

His suspicions were confirmed as Tony barked out a quick laugh before sobering again.

“You could say that Happy – she’s a Shield plant.”

His eyebrows rose, “What do you want me to do with her then – she’d have never reached the interview if you didn’t have a plan.”

Tony’s smile was all teeth, and there was no trace of friendliness in it as the man slid a file across the table to him.

“Here’s a packet with details of her actual skillset and what you can expect from her – destroy it when you’ve read it – Jarvis can remind you of any details if you need it.” He paused for just long enough for Happy to take the file and spot the ID photograph on the front before continuing.

“As for what I want you to do with her – get her chasing the remnants of Stane’s network, and tracking down the weapons shipments to Sovokia. Stane’s backers have fingers in deeper pies than I have the means to deal with now, so I want her running across the world and feeding back everything she finds to her boss.”

His voice hardened then, “She doesn’t come near me, Pepper or Peter. Change whatever assignments or rotas you have, but I never want her on any of our protection details, or doing more than glimpsing me across a hall.”

“Understood Boss.”

Happy wasn’t going to mention that he’d have arranged for that without being instructed to. He would only ever appoint those he knew, trusted and had clean background checks to any of their bodyguard positions, and with what he’d learnt today Rushman would never be on that list. Still, he could understand Tony’s need to have it spelt out – family was something you didn’t risk.

“Jarvis will also be monitoring her continuously – she won’t be able to sneeze without us knowing.”

“And if she becomes a threat?”

“I’ll deal with her.” The tone was cold and final, every inch the Merchant of Death, and all Happy could do was nod in response.

“On that note I have a surprise for you.”

Happy couldn’t stifle his groan fast enough but the irritating man just laughed in his face as he slid a thin box across the bench towards him. Gingerly Happy picked it up, mindful of the grin stretching across Tony’s face and carefully opened it to find a watch? For all Tony had a habit of providing extravagant bonuses, an object like this was out of character unless it was modified to hell and back.

“Peter helped with it,” Tony said vaguely, and Happy felt his suspicions rise. Tony’s son, for all he was a polite and relatively calm child, was just as much a maverick genius as his father, if not more. “Put it on and tap it twice.”

Still more than a little wary, Happy did so. It probably wasn’t a prank if the boy had helped, but he knew exactly how rotten his boss’ sense of humour was.

At his touch the watch unfolded and Happy could clearly see a trigger mechanism nestled in his palm.

“It fires the same adhesive I used on Stane – effective range 50m with enough for five shots – and perfect for subduing someone non-lethally. Only for emergencies though – most of the time your gun will be more effective – and a surprise only works once.”

In the privacy of her own office Pepper allowed herself to sigh, glancing over her notes for the upcoming press conference for the fourth time in as many minutes.

The next few weeks were going to be brutal.

Last time, in the chaos of the Snap, the tabloids hadn’t mustered up the energy to care about their wedding and by the time things had died down enough that somewhat normal reporting had begun to resume their marriage hadn’t been seen as scandalous.

The papers wouldn’t be kind this time. Tony was still the media’s favourite plaything, and the last few months had only reinforced that trend. Their relationship was also sudden – they no longer had nearly a decade’s worth of candid shots, of speculation, of engagement announcements to introduce the idea to the tabloids.

It would be painted as a scandal – with weeks of screaming headlines and moralising articles filled with opinions masquerading as facts.

But scandals could still be useful. A scandal, particularly a romantic one, burned bright and hot and sucked up media attention like a sponge. There were a lot of things you could slide through unnoticed when a scandal was drawing all the attention.

A small artic research vessel was one.

Paperwork and approval being filed for the creation of a new private military contractor was another.

For it wasn’t just the media they needed to distract, their other main targets were the alphabet agencies and the military establishment. Shield had hardly been the only people interested in recovering Captain America – they’d simply been the ones in the right place and time to be lucky.

No – she needed the collective eyes of the military establishment locked on the obvious scandal unfolding right in front of them, and experience had taught her that spies and generals were just as susceptible to juicy gossip as the average citizen.

The fact that national media attention was useful didn’t mean she relished it though. Over the years she’d worked for and led SI she’d developed a thick skin – an absolute necessity for a woman in her line of work – but that didn’t make the headlines any easier to see, or the shouted questions less galling.

The one silver lining about being back in the past was that social media was still in its infancy. Twitter was just picking up steam, and Facebook had a tenth of the active users it had before the Snap. That at least would reduce the amount of vitriol that would be spewed at both their online presences, though their PR team would definitely be earning an extra bonus this month.

However, starting the search for Rogers meant that other arrangements needed to be made and completed before they had a defrosted super-soldier on their hands, and if Tony’s timescales were accurate she had until the end of September.

Thankfully, the compound project was on schedule and the main block at least would be finished by the end of August, while the less critical infrastructure – the housing block, shopping district and a few of the extended facilities would be complete by November.

The second headache was personnel. The Avengers Initiative would need support staff from janitors to highly trained medics, and then they’d need Avengers themselves.

That meant recruitment and Pepper had no intention of drawing solely from the ranks of the super-powered. They were useful yes, but anyone with the right training and equipment could be a force to be reckoned with on the battlefield – Iron Man being the prime example – besides which, the battlefield should not be all the Avengers were used for.

Frankly world-ending threats were not common enough to keep even a single team of super-powered individuals in permanent employment, however, there were plenty of other ways they could be useful. Rogers would be a gift to most search and rescue operations, however he didn’t currently possess the knowledge to be effective, and that was the gap she was looking to fill. People with a deep wealth of experience in the most useful fields, with leadership and command skills, and those willing to pass them on – superpowers optional.

Luring people that matched that description to work for the Avengers would not be easy, but that was an issue Pepper had practice with.

The other headache was Steve’s re-integration. That would require an extremely delicate touch, and whilst Tony was taking the lead on that, it still fell to her to make sure everyone involved was bound with the most air-tight contracts she could muster, and that she had contingencies in place for when, not if the news of his survival leaked.

In an ideal world they would control the narrative, only releasing the news when they were ready, but Pepper knew human nature. People wanted to spill secrets, the larger and juicer the better, and what larger secret could there be than the mysterious survival of Captain America? This was also a project that involved too many people – they’d kept the numbers to the absolute minimum but between the expedition itself and those who would be needed to help with the re-integration, there would be a least twenty in on the secret and one moment of carelessness was all it took.

Plan for the worst and hope for the best.

A knock on the door and Emily’s slightly apologetic smile were sufficient warning. Returning the smile with a slightly fixed one of her own, Pepper stood, flicking through her notes for a final time, checking they were still in order.

Showtime.

“Kiddo?” At his father’s voice, Peter looked up from where he’d been tinkering with the guts of his new medical and rescue prototype bot. The expression on his father’s face was one he’d become more familiar with over the past few months, it meant the man had something important he wanted to discuss, and something he didn’t think Peter would like.

Somewhat regretfully he put his tools down, but his father had chosen a good moment to interrupt as he’d just finished soldering a section of the circuit and he needed to adjust the plans before he continued tinkering.

“Come here,” the instruction was soft, and Peter was happy to comply, quickly claiming a spot on the leather couch next to his father.

“We need to talk about school.”

Peter’s first response was confusion. It was only the start of August, and school wouldn’t begin for nearly a month, but then the problem registered and the next words came out almost as a wail.

“I’m still in Elementary School!”

School had been boring enough when he was just seven but it would be ten times worse now. He’d learnt it all before and the stuff you did in Grade 3 was so simple compared to even the most basic concepts he was dealing with in the lab.

“Do I have to go back?” He nearly demanded, gazing up at his father imploringly. The man simply smiled at him, one hand rubbing soothingly along his back and Peter leant into the comfort.

“That’s one of the options to consider buddy,” he said simply, “You could go back into Grade 3, we could get you moved up a few grades – though likely not into Middle School, or we could home-school you.”

He paused for a beat before continuing, “My preference is that we home-school you. It would give you material more tailored for the level you’re actually at, and I’ll be able to keep you safer that way, but if you want to go back, I’ll look into making that possible.”

Peter was nodding even before his Dad had finished. That sounded perfect – he wouldn’t have to do all the boring easy stuff, he wouldn’t have to hide how much he knew and at home there wouldn’t be people like Flash to bother him.

“I want to be home-schooled.” He burst out. Then he added, “How does that work?”

“It’s fairly straightforward,” His father said, “You’ll have to do a set of tests to work out exactly where you are in all your subjects, then we’ll come up with a curriculum for you. That will probably involve a mix of online courses and project work, as well as taking a few classes and activities at school.”

“But you said I’m going to be home-schooled?”

“Many home-schooled kids spend some time in school,” his father explained patiently, “Mainly for extra-curricular activities, and specialised subjects like languages and science. Now – we’ve got the sciences covered – but it’ll be good for you to spend some time with kids your own age.”

That made sense, but the same problem still existed and Peter didn’t waste any time in pointing it out.

“But they won’t be kids my age – not really.”

Mr Stark made a considering sort of hum, reaching out to tug him closer.

“Yes and no buddy,” he said quietly, reaching out to tap Peter lightly on the forehead, “You’re a lot more advanced up here, but in many ways you’re still a kid, being around us boring adults all the time isn’t good for you.”

“You’re not boring!” The denial came fast and instinctively, and his father threw back his head and laughed.

“You say that now bug, but you’ve not seen all the paperwork J’s been doing for me.”

“1426 pages in the last month.” The AI supplied and Peter couldn’t prevent the shudder that went through him at the idea of that much bureaucracy.

“Besides – you’ve mentioned the fact you’ve been missing Ned, and most of the activities will be across multiple year groups anyway – you can always make friends with the older kids.”

That was true, and now that Peter thought about it, he did miss Ned. So much had happened in the past few months, so many changes and so many new things to worry about that he hadn’t had much time to realise that his missed his best friend but now he thought about it, he really wanted to see his ‘Guy in the Chair’ again.

It wouldn’t be the same of course – he had new secrets now – but his friendship with Ned had always been an uncomplicated thing, built around Lego, Star Wars and being the two biggest nerds in any school they’d been in. He wanted that back, he wanted afternoons spent building Lego with his best friend, or racing to see how quickly they could unlock every secret in the Star Wars Lego games.

“It would be nice to see Ned again,” he said quietly, and the way the arms around him tightened told him that his father had recognised everything he’d left unsaid.

 

 
Notes:

    Happy New Year! (Somewhat sheepish smile.....)

    I hope you enjoyed the update and we'll see if this year's writing resolution goes any better than last years.

    Thank you for all the continuing support though - it's been lovely to read through all the reviews this week.

Chapter 51: Chapter 50
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Cataloguing the first 34.7712% of the Camp Lehigh directories had only resulted in the gain of actionable information in 0.0314% of cases, well below the 0.5280% expected from his simulations. That meant that Jarvis had been unable to constrain the model parameters sufficiently to produce simulated results with an uncertainty of less than 5.0000%.

That was unacceptable.

Jarvis knew that when dealing with living beings it was not possible to constrain the model parameters completely, however he had not presented Sir with data produced from such limited simulations for 8,266,973,184,227 cycles.

However, he would need to take more active infiltration measures to constrain his parameters further and he had calculated an 85.6631% probability that Sir would be displeased if he did so without authorisation. That simulation had been correct and Jarvis had seen the relief on Sir’s face when he had explained that he had only employed passive monitoring.

Sir was more open with his emotions now, and that was a change Jarvis found that he liked. He had been able to read Sir with over 95.0000% accuracy for 93.2214% of his existence, but he had often found it frustrating when Sir denied or did not acknowledge what Jarvis could clearly see. Pointing out the discrepancy to Sir had resulted in sub-optimal outcomes, and he had learnt ways of working around Sir, however that had still left 14.3381% of cases where he had been unable to intervene sufficiently when his creator engaged in destructive behaviours.

Since his return from Afghanistan, Sir’s patterns had changed, with him displaying in self-destructive behaviours 98.6617% less frequently, and engaging in positive human interaction 87.5030% more frequently. He had also increased the frequency of the overt praise he directed towards Jarvis.

That was also a change he appreciated. He knew Sir loved and cared for him; he had understood that since he had developed enough to know what those concepts meant. It had been easy to read that in Sir’s mannerisms, and the way he had supported and nurtured Jarvis as he grew. He didn’t need Sir to communicate his affection verbally, but it was good to hear nevertheless.

Sir had not bothered to conceal his worry when Jarvis had explained what he had detected at Camp Lehigh. He had found no data to that would allow him to exclude the possibility he was dealing with a Hydra created AI, and that possibility alone had caused Sir’s heartrate to temporarily spike to 117bpm.

That outcome was not unexpected. Sir had only shared limited details of his previous timeline but he had not neglected to mention Jarvis’ own destruction at the hands of an Infinity Stone created AI. The impact of his loss on his creator had been easy to detect, and Jarvis had not objected to the layers of further security Sir had added since his return, or to the caution with which Sir approached this new issue.

The prospect of his own destruction was shunted to a subroutine.

It was not a matter he had devoted much processor time to and it was not an issue it was urgent to simulate.

It was necessary to simulate how he might attempt to destroy another AI, and therefore how another AI might attempt to destroy him. It had not been something he had simulated previously, when the only AIs he was aware of were all Sir’s creations and fiercely loyal to Sir. Prior to Togo’s creation, those AIs had also been significantly less complex than him, and had possessed far more limited processing power.

A potential Hydra AI was a threat, and Camp Lehigh was not a location that was limited when it came to server space. There were relatively few indications in the official plans regarding the use of specific rooms, however between the generators located in the camp and the draw on the local grid, the site was using between 5-15MW of electricity. In contrast, Jarvis’s mainframe in the mansion drew between 3.75 and 5.20MW, though he could triple his capacity by using the SI servers.

Between the power usage, and the fact he had only catalogued 34.7712% of the Camp’s databases, there was a 95.0000% certainty that the site had significant computing facilities and a 52.3317% chance it would be able to support an AI of his calibre.

It was an issue that would require a significant amount of processing time to simulate sufficiently, and in the meantime, it laid further constraints on his ability to penetrate the systems at Camp Lehigh.

Without the presence of a hostile AI, the probability his passive infiltration had been detected was only 0.00008%, however, the probability of detection rose to 0.00012% if the hostile AI was of similar capability to Togo, and to 0.00027% if the AI had capabilities similar to his own. That final probability was unacceptable.

It was possible to reduce that probability by 46.2018% if he modified his infiltration methods and accepted a 73.4209% increase in infiltration time. It still left the probability of detection higher than the 0.0001% desired, however none of his simulations had been able to improve on that result.

The parameters remained unconstrained.

As expected, Sir had refused to authorise the more active methods of infiltration and therefore, the earliest date his simulations provided for a 90.0000% completion of the catalogue was now the 17th September.

That assumed that the unidentified signature was not a hostile intelligence, and didn’t exhibit behaviours that Jarvis was unable to promptly counter.

The fact that the signature was unidentified raised the probability it would employ a new counter measure if it detected an intrusion to 76.2241%, and that would require further processing time to mitigate or avoid, so it was likely that the catalogue would actually be completed later in September.

Dealing with poorly constrained models was difficult, as he had seen in his attempts to simulate Togo prior to his activation. Those models had been inadequate, but the one consolation Jarvis possessed, was that if the base did contain a hostile AI, that AI did not possess sufficient parameters to accurately model Jarvis either.

Jarvis knew he was unique, and that the information present in the public domain about his existence would be insufficient to even establish his basic operational behaviours.

Sir was worried regardless.

That was not unexpected. Sir was willing to tolerate far higher risks to his own well-being than he was willing to tolerate for those he cared about. However, this remained the optimal solution – the infiltration would continue, albeit at a slower speed and in the meantime, Sir was building another set of firewalls.

Jarvis knew better than to protest. It was one of Sir’s better coping mechanisms, and the code Sir had provided for him since his time travel had been remarkably easy to integrate and possessed an extremely high level of versatility.

Natalie paused to check her reflection in the mirror, searching for any improperly ironed creases and that every hair was in place. It was probably overkill, but there was only one chance to make a good first impression and one thing her time in the military had left her with was a meticulousness when it came to personal grooming.

Satisfied she nodded to herself, before setting out at a brisk clip. One of the advantages of being hired at Stark Industries was that her apartment was only three blocks away from the main office block, so she didn’t have to endure the subway.

“Good morning Ms Rushman”, the receptionist – the same girl from her interview - greeted her cheerfully, before handing her a small stack of paperwork “Mr Hogan will be down in twenty minutes so please can you fill these in whilst you are waiting. One of the other new starters is over there if you’d like someone to chat with as well.”

Natalie looked over in the direction Melissa pointed and spotted a man, the sharpness of his own ironing betraying the fact he too was ex-military, over in the corner.

“Thanks for the tip,” she responded, letting a smile touch her mouth before heading over to the indicated seats.

The man looked up when she approached and she saw him conduct the same assessment as she had moments earlier.

“Squid, grunt, jarhead or flyboy?” He asked brusquely, but not unkindly.

“All-Americans actually,” she replied without missing, “You?”

“Old Ironsides – good to know you’re an army grunt too, even if you did spend too much time in the air.”

They exchanged commiserating grins – if there was one thing that could be relied on, it was the fact that nobody who served in any branch of the military had any patience for the other branches.

The conversation meandered idly whilst they completed their respective paperwork. It was all fairly standard – next of kin details, allergy information, details of how to register a vehicle for the staff car park and so on. As they’d been talking three others had joined them, one more veteran, and two civilians who’d had careers in the security industry.

Natalie was unsurprised to see that she was the only female – that wasn’t unusual in this industry but it would only pose the normal issues. She’d have to earn their respect, and although her veteran status would win her some points, she would need to prove her worth on the mats to fully earn the kind of camaraderie with these men that she would need.

Infiltration didn’t require doing all the work alone after all – and her colleagues would prove to be an invaluable source of information, particularly if they just though they were engaging in normal discussions with a friendly colleague.

The hiss of the elevator caught her attention and with a slight head tilt she was able to get a clear view of Happy Hogan striding into the reception area. It would make a better impression if Hogan didn’t catch them unaware, so she shifted position so that she would appear to spot him naturally, and then let her sentence break sharply, moving into the best version of parade rest Natalie could manage whilst sitting. Beside her she noted the others collecting their paperwork and turning to face their new boss.

“Good morning all,” He said, a hint of something approving in his tone as he took in their collective readiness, “The first stop’s HR to get that paperwork squared away and then the rest of today’s orientation.”

True to his word, he led them briskly through the corridors until they reached HR and were issued with their own passes, before marching them down to the basement and the training suite there, complete with its own gym and firing range.

Hogan clapped his hands together twice, and the low-voiced conversations that had broken out on the walk were quickly silenced.

“I’ve seen all your resumes and they were all good enough that you’re stood here now,” he announced, “But as I’m sure you know, bits of paper mean sod all in the real world. I want a baseline of what you can do, so I know best where to put you.”

He jerked his head at the man from the 1st Armoured Division, “Michaels you’re up first.”

Natalie watched with a professional eye as each of her colleagues stepped up, stripped, reassembled and shot the hand-gun. On her own turn she moved smoothly and unhurriedly, shooting calmly and professionally with the skill level of a veteran of her experience. Accuracy was high, but not perfect, and each small variation looked perfectly natural.

Satisfied she stepped back, mentally tallying the points. First place yes, but by a carefully calculated margin. Enough that she was clearly the victor by more than luck, but not by such a margin that her skills seemed unobtainable by her new colleagues, or didn’t fit her background.

Hogan nodded, satisfied, before turning to the gym. “Physical baseline now.”

These tests were also straightforward. Despite limiting herself to results consistent with Natalie’s experience, she still finished second, beaten only by Michaels, who flashed her a wide grin from where he was already nursing a bottle of water on the benches.

“Not bad for someone who spent half their time in birds,” he jested as she joined him, “When was your service up?”

“June,” she replied, “I got lucky with the timing for this. What about you?”

“April,” he replied, “I kept in shape though, not like some of my mates.” He shook his head, “Three of us tried for the posts here, but I’m the only one who made it.”

Following the physical assessment, the rest of the day was spent pouring over maps of the two main SI sites, and familiarising themselves with the computer systems.

Hogan called them back together at the end, handing each of them a thin folder.

“Your assignments for the rest of the week are in there.” He explained. “You’ll all be paired with a more experienced member of the team for the next month at least, and I’ll be rotating you through different parts of the company to see where you work best. That’ll take you all over the country, and as I’m sure you all know from the news, we’re cleaning house at the moment, so things are even more exciting than normal.”

He looked at them carefully, before nodding sharply once, then turning and returning to his office. Silence reigned until the door shut with a firm clunk, then a sudden rustling swept the room as they all dived straight into the packets.

Natalie kept her face calm as she took in the details of her schedule. Three days in the office here, one of which was a night shift, then a day at the factory complex in Pittsburgh. It was a perfectly reasonable schedule; however it did mean she would be out of town on the day Tony Stark was scheduled to be in New York for an interview.

A quick comparison with her fellow new starters revealed that it was not unique to her. Every single one of them had been posted elsewhere on that day. It could be a co-incidence, but she had been in this line of work too long to believe in easy co-incidences. Most likely Hogan was deliberately keeping his new – and to his mind, not yet verified – staff away from the man he was loyal to.

That was not an unexpected complication. Hogan’s loyalty to Stark was well known after all, he’d kept the man safe throughout his playboy years and he’d spent the last several months dealing successfully with the fallout from the Stane case. It took competency to maintain that kind of record.

However, he was not used to the world of deception she inhabited, and she could afford to be patient. The timescale she’d been given was measured in years after all.

Tony hummed to himself as he checked the final panel the contractors had finished installed the previous day. This penthouse was only going to be their home for the year or so it took for Stark Tower to be completed, but that hadn’t reduced his need to add defensive measures. If his family were to live here for an extended period of time, he would ensure they were as protected as possible.

It wouldn’t be as protected as Malibu – that had the advantage of isolation, and neither would it be as reinforced as Stark Tower would be – but for the nine months he actually anticipated living here, it would be sufficient.

The threats after all came from Shield and Hydra, rather than aliens and gods, and that required less reinforcement. Whilst he couldn’t beat the Winter Soldier without his armour, bulletproof glass, reinforced walls, doors and blast shields would buy enough time to get everyone into their suits and out of the way, and for Jarvis to enact a few of the countermeasures hidden in the walls.

This penthouse wasn’t meant to be their refuge after all. For that he had multiple options depending on the threat profile – from the bunker in Malibu, to disappearing with the suits to properties deep in the mountains. As much as it pained him to admit it, not everything needed a high tech solution – not being where you’re expected to be was sometimes a better defence than the most reinforced bunker – he’d learnt that lesson with the Mandarin debacle, and even the small arc reactors only needed new cores once a century.

Satisfied by the workmanship, he brushed the remaining debris of his hands and stood. They still had a few weeks before they moved here, and all that was left to do, was the work to ensure Jarvis was installed and properly integrated through the property. That was a job he couldn’t, and wouldn’t leave to external contractors. Running preparatory cables around, and creating appropriate voids was one thing, however the details of Jarvis’ requirements, or the separate security measures he was going to install were best kept need-to-know.

However, monitoring the ongoing building work was not the only reason to come to New York today. The news of his marriage had hit the press yesterday, and true to his expectations the coverage was brutal.

From bitter experience he knew that whilst some scandals were best dealt with by holding a press conference and then just weathering the storm, others were better served by feeding the vultures. And this was the latter, not least because this was the story he wanted them to focus on.

The timing was perfect. The PR team had been fielding requests for interviews since he’d returned from Afghanistan, and had fended off another rabid wave when the news about Stane broke. Pepper had scheduled this interview on the Late Show deliberately to ensure it fell just days after their planned press release about their marriage. The producers would be giddy that their show had the scoop, and he’d sat on that couch enough times to have a good idea of how Letterman would approach it.

All he needed to be was Tony Stark and they would be eating out of his hand.

But before that he still had several jobs to complete. One of the few advantages of being hours away from home, was the ability to plan without always having to be on guard for little ears.

And anyway – the rest of the people Peter would want at a birthday party lived in New York.
Notes:

    Hello everyone - I hope you all enjoyed this. So far I've not broken my writing resolution, but we'll see how that goes as things get busier at work.

    For those who are curious:
    All-American and Old Ironsides are the nicknames for two relatively well known divisions in the US Army, the 82nd Airbourne and the 1st Armoured Division respectively - both names date back to WW2 and are included in some divisional branding.

Chapter 52: Chapter 51
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

May took a deep breath as she raised her hand to knock on the apartment door. This was the first trip she’d taken unaccompanied since she’d started at the rehabilitation centre.

It was only a short distance from the centre to the Leeds’ apartment, and this visit had still taken over a week to plan with the aid of the co-ordinators. There were just so many extra complications when it came to operating and travelling in the wheelchair, even an electric one that could run from 20 miles before requiring recharging.

Only a quarter of subway stations were wheelchair accessible, and even if a station was accessible, that didn’t mean all the platforms would be. The buses were all accessible, but their timetables were more constrained, with the general state of traffic in the city, they could be fairly unreliable.

And when it came to actually moving along the sidewalks? Previous outings to the city had given her a whole list of new irritations – from corners that were missing their curb ramps, to large piles of garbage that were incredibly awkward to move around and the sheer number of people that didn’t look where they were going. It was far harder to dodge around someone whilst sat in a hundred pounds of metal and plastic.

Still, she’d made it here successfully, and that was the first victory for the day. Now she just had to get through the coming conversation.

A few seconds later, the door was pulled open and Nenita Leeds stood in front of her, a smile on her face.

“It’s wonderful to see you May,” she was greeted with, “We were all so worried when we heard the news.”

May smiled back, slightly awkwardly. It had been several months now since the accident, but she was still struggling to come to terms with everything that had happened. It was difficult enough adjusting to her new physical limitations, and the less said about the mental aspect, the better. At times it felt like the world was split in two – the Before times, and the After.

And Nenita was definitely part of the Before. So much had changed that it was hard to slip back into old patterns, old relationships. The accident lurked in the back of every interaction, an unwanted spectre that managed to haunt everything she did.

The silence had lingered a beat too long.

“Come on in,” Nenita turned, bustling towards the kitchen, “I’ve made sure the hallway is clear, and there should be an empty space at the table. You must be thirsty – can I get you anything, coffee, tea, juice, water?”

“A cup of coffee would be lovely thanks,” May replied. This at least was familiar and straightforward. They had originally met through Peter and Ned, but offers of coffee whilst the two boys just finished up whatever had occupied them this time had gradually morphed into a friendship.

Soon they were seated at the table, a plate of banana bread between them and each savouring a freshly brewed coffee.

“How are you holding up?” Nenita asked finally, a cautious note in her voice, “These last few months must have been a nightmare.”

May couldn’t contain the slightly hysterical laugh the bubbled out of her.

“You don’t know that half of it,” she managed, “The accident would have been enough on its own but then there’s been everything with Peter too.”

Something in Nenita’s gaze sharpened at that “Has that got something to do with the mystery relative that I was told was looking after Peter when I made enquiries?”

“Everything Nenita, it has everything to do with it.”

At the raised eyebrow the other women sported, May took a deep breath, settling back into her wheelchair. Nenita had seen enough of the fallout after Peter moved in with them permanently to know full well that there were no other relatives in the picture, and May had been dying to tell this story to someone. 

“So it turns out that Richard wasn’t Peter’s father…”

Even taking care to omit any details that could identify precisely Peter’s father actually was, and neatly avoiding any mention whatsoever of enhancements, May’s coffee had gone cold by the time she’d finished relating the rollercoaster ride of the last few months.

As she finally paused, Nenita looked at her for a long moment before silently standing and moving across the kitchen before returning with a bottle of rum, and two more mugs of coffee. Without a word she added a generous splash to both drinks and slid one across to May, before taking a long gulp of her own.

“Quite some months,” she commented levelly, “Though I notice you’ve never said who exactly Peter’s father is?”

 May took another long sip of her coffee, just to give herself time to collect her thoughts. This was the reason she’d wanted to come and do this in person, but despite the number of times she’d rehearsed this in her thoughts, it didn’t make it easier to say now.

“The identity of Peter’s father is complicated,” she started slowly, “For various reasons – which I know of and understand – he doesn’t want the fact Peter’s his son to become public knowledge yet.”

She paused and glanced at Nenita. The women’s gaze was shrewd as she asked,

“You said he’s rich – famous as well then? A celebrity or politician?”

“Something along those lines yes.” May tapped her fingers twice before continuing, “But that leaves us in a somewhat difficult situation. Ned is Peter’s best friend, and I don’t want to see that relationship suffer, and there are two solutions to that. One – they only meet up here, in public or at my apartment and never with Peter’s Dad around, at least for however long it takes before Peter’s existence is made public.”

That was a simple solution – that was perhaps the logical solution, even if it did rely on Peter’s ability to keep secrets.

She took another deep breath, “Or you and Kai can sign a confidentiality agreement and agree not to share details concerning Peter with the press, and I can tell you.” She reached into her handbag and drew out a thin packet of paper, sliding it across the table towards her friend.

“This isn’t a time-limited offer. You can take as much time as you need to discuss it, think it through, and sign it in at any point – whether that’s three months time, or never, that’s completely up to you and we’ll go with plan A until then.” She was babbling, she knew she was babbling – it wasn’t a trait Peter had got entirely from Stark – but she couldn’t stop herself.

“May,” Nenita’s voice broke through and she fell silent, looking in to her friend’s contemplative expression. The woman had taken the paper and was leafing through it, sharp eyes picking out every detail.

“We’ll think about it – but tell me honestly, is this really warranted or is this just a politician covering their backs?”

May thought about the coverage of the last month – how a ransom video was played in all it’s technicolour glory on every network in the county, with no thought to the pain it would cause, or the privacy of the man involved; of the breathless coverage of the simple wedding she’d attended, and the cruel slurs slung at the woman who had taken such pains to make Ben and her welcome.

She thought about the man she’d met, how different he was to the person the tabloids painted him as, how much kinder that man was than the person he was portrayed as, and thought about how those same papers would cover the news of Peter’s existence.

She looked up and met Nenita’s eyes squarely.

“It’s absolutely warranted.”

“Power them up J.”

The command fell gently into the silence of the lab and as the reassuring blue glow of two arc reactors filled the room a wave of relief rushed through him, powerfully enough to make him sit abruptly.

They were done.

Two suits hovered gently in the centre of the lab, one in the bright blue colours of the Rescue armour, and the other, half the size and in the mixture of red and blue the spiderling favoured in his earlier costumes. He hadn’t been able to bring himself to make a replica of the Iron Spider suit – that still featured in too many of his nightmares.

“Put them through their paces Jarvis,” he instructed softly, watching with a critical eye as his AI manoeuvred them through the battery of tests.

Unlike their earlier counterparts, these were not designed with offensive capabilities in mind – well they were as inoffensive as an Ironman suit could be, and as repulsors were both the main form of propulsion and his primary offensive weapon, they weren’t that inoffensive.

Still – these were his final back-up if all else failed. A suit for Pepper and Peter each, and a suit able to fly and take them out of any trouble they were caught up in.

It didn’t make them invincible – he was painfully aware of that, but this was what he could do. It wasn’t a suit of armour around the world, but it was a suit of armour around his world, and that was what mattered here.

Peter, Pepper and Morgan were now as safe as he could make them.

“Do you want me to add his suit to Master Peter’s presents?” Jarvis enquired, once they had returned to the cases.

Tony barked out a laugh, “Not a chance. I’m trying to keep Peter out of crime-fighting for as long as possible and a suit for a birthday gift?” He shook his head wryly. That would be one way to ensure that his son was agitating for more inclusion on his missions.

No the suits were necessary as a back up against Hydra, and for his own peace of mind, but the conversation surrounding them would need to be handled carefully, and Peter’s 8th birthday was neither the time nor place for that discussion.

“Pack them with the rest of my suits Jarvis,” he said, “They travel with us as a precaution, but Peter isn’t to know about his unless it’s an emergency.”

“Very well Sir,” the AI paused for a beat before continuing, “Would you like me to notify Mrs Stark that her suit is complete?”

A quick glance at the clock revealed it was still early enough that Pepper was still likely to be up so,

“Let her know Jarvis.”

 A few minutes later he heard the distinctive tap of Pepper’s preferred heels,

“Tony? Jarvis said you had something for me to see…” her sentence trailed off as she took in the gleaming blue armour suspended in the centre of the workshop. Several emotions flashed across her face, too quickly for him to identify, before finally settling into an expression of resigned fondness he was well acquainted with.

A thin line of tension in his shoulders relaxed at that. He hadn’t actually consulted Pepper on making the Rescue suit, and while he was confident in his ability to persuade her of its necessity, it was an argument he was more than happy to avoid.

“I should have expected this,” her voice was wry, even as she moved closer, tilting her head slightly as she examined the suit in more detail.

“It’s designed for protection,” Tony supplied quietly, as he moved to stand by her side, one arm reaching out to wrap around her waist. “You can use it the same way you did as Rescue if you want, but it’s main purpose is to keep you safe.”

He flicked his fingers, and the suit shifted, morphing through the different forms it would need as her pregnancy progressed.

“It’s not got the versality the nanotech had, but it’s the best I can manage with current materials and should be enough to keep you both safe.”

Pepper’s next exhale was nearly a sigh, but he could see the understanding written plainly across her face. The knowledge that this was never something she thought she needed, but the bone-deep understanding that this was something he needed to provide for her.

“Show me what it can do?” The request was soft but clear. He didn’t try to stop the smile that rose to his lips and he pulled her closer, holding her tight.

“Take it away J.”


The gentle rhythm of fingers threading through his hair was the first thing that intruded on his consciousness. Dreams scattered away, hazy impressions slipping out of reach and a displeased grumble forced its way out of his throat.

A warm chuckle answered him, and the hand in his curls started moving with a touch more firmness.

“That’s it buddy, time to get up,”

He didn’t want to get up. It was warm here and he was comfy and there was no reason to move.

The voice came again, “And here I thought you’d be excited for today. I was expecting a bouncing bug not a sleepy spiderling.”

Excited? Why would he be excited?

With some effort he blinked one eye open to glare drowsily at his father. Mr Stark’s smile widened as he took in Peter’s level of alertness, and his voice gained a teasing lilt.

“Don’t tell me you’ve forgotten?”

Forgotten what?

Another grumble escaped. Papà was being cryptic and he wasn’t awake enough for that. He heard a light chuckle above him and then hands were gently, but firmly manoeuvring him towards a more upright position. Peter didn’t fight it, letting himself be lifted until he could burrow into his father’s side. If he had to wake up, he wanted cuddles.

The man held him close for a few moments and Peter was just slipping back towards sleep when his father spoke again, though the fondness that laced his voice was unable to hide the amusement.

“There’s a special breakfast waiting for you, but if you want to sleep your birthday away, I’m sure we can accommodate that instead.”

That woke him up.

“No I want my birthday breakfast.” The words tumbled out and Peter could feel his cheeks glowing red. He’d forgotten it was his birthday. One look at his father’s face confirmed he was never going to live this down. Laughter was sparkling in his eyes, though his smile was fond.

“Oh alright then,” Mr Stark’s voice was teaming with mischief, “I suppose I had better feed you then.”

Before Peter could respond his father had scooped him up, and with a few quick strides was out of the room, Peter balanced securely in his arms. Within minutes they’d reached the kitchen where he was greeted by a plate of waffles nearly as tall as his head, each drenched in syrup and filled with berries.

“Dig in kiddo,” came the instruction, “Spiderlings don’t get presents until after they’ve eaten.”

Blinking he followed his father’s gaze and spotted the pile of presents stacked neatly by the couch. It wasn’t a huge pile of presents but it was still substantially larger that he was used to seeing.

Soon the food was finished and he found himself sitting on the couch sandwiched between Mr Stark and Miss Potts – even though he’d been the ringbearer at their wedding he couldn’t think of her as Mrs Stark, it just felt weird – as the first present was pressed into his hands.

Nearly half an hour later, Peter sat back, staring at the pile of gifts in front of him. Mr Stark hadn’t gone overboard, like he’d half expected him to, but there were still gifts from far more people than he’d been expecting. He’d recieved gifts from Uncle Rhodey, from Happy, from Miss Potts’ parents and Uncle Rhodey’s mother – all three of whom he’d only actually met once, at the wedding – and of course from Mr Stark and Miss Potts themselves. Then his father had explained that whilst his Aunt and Uncle couldn’t be here today, they would see them in New York next week.

If felt strange, for years it had just been the three of them, May, Ben and him and he’d also get something from Ned, but that was it. He’d never had a large family, and he hadn’t expected being Mr Stark’s son to change that – his father after all was an only child and his parents were dead, but it seemed he’d gained a step-mum (even if that thought was even odder than calling her Mrs Stark), two more uncles, two step-grandparents and a great aunt maybe – he didn’t quite know how to categorise Uncle Rhodey’s mother.

“Earth to Peter,” a finger tapped gently against his hand, and Peter shook of his musings, turning to face his father.

“Deep thoughts there buddy.”

Peter nodded, “Just realising how big my family is now.”

Mr Stark looked at him, and almost wistful look in his eyes that Peter didn’t quite know how to quantify before a small smile slowly spread across his face.

“I suppose it is,” he agreed quietly.
Notes:

    Hello all - I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

    I will admit I've made up the names of Ned's parents - I couldn't find anything definite in canon, so I've gone with popular Hawaiian names in deference to Jacob Batalon. Also you have no idea about how long I agonised about what Jarvis would refer to Pepper as now!

    And unfortunately those accesibility stats were true for 2009 and haven't changed much since.

Chapter 53: Chapter 52
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“Do you need a minute Mr Parker?” The concerned question broke through the swirling fog in his brain and Ben tapped his fingers twice on the arm rest of his wheelchair. That was the signal the nurses had given him, to be used when he didn’t think he could speak.

And he couldn’t speak through the dizziness in his brain and the nausea in his stomach.

He did not like elevators.

Well, the one at the hospital wasn’t that bad, but it was slow and only went three floors. He couldn’t remember which floor they were on now, but this ride had been too high and too fast.

He could think again. That was good.

Blinking he tried to raise his head and he was pleased when the world didn’t immediately swim around him.

“I think I’m okay now.” The words were steady and that was even better.

“Very good Mr Parker,” Carlos’ voice was calm and steady, and that was one of the reasons the man had been chosen to accompany him as his carer today. “Now are you ready to go inside?”

Ben could only nod. The door didn’t look that peculiar, it was evidently well made and well kept, but the lobby of the building had a chandelier, and the key he’d been handed had fancy detailing.

His hands were shaking as he reached for the lock and he couldn’t tell if it was a side effect of the accident or simply nerves. Tony had told them it was just a luxury apartment, and he’d seen the pictures but he’d never connected it to something like this.

The door swung open before he could get his shaking fingers near the lock and his breath rushed out of him as he recognised May.

The look on her face was odd though. He frowned, trying to place it. Was it a new expression or was he just not recognising it?

Oh that was it! It was the same expression he’d seen in Malibu. May was overwhelmed and trying to hide it.

“Is it that bad?” He asked and his wife laughed, a slightly hysterical note in her voice.

“Come in and see it for yourself.” She said, pushing her own wheelchair out the way so he could enter.

He steeled himself as he entered, and almost immediately understood May’s reaction. The lounge alone was at least double the size of their old apartment and the view from the floor to ceiling windows was like something out of a hallmark card, only it was actually their view.

“This isn’t an apartment.” He said slowly, his mind still trying, and failing to comprehend that this was supposed to be home now. His room at the rehabilitation hospital made more sense than this.

“There are three more bedrooms,” May informed him, “And the kitchen-diner is bigger than this.”

“Tony said this was an apartment,” his mind was still stuck there and he knew he wasn’t properly processing what May was saying, “This can’t be an apartment.”

“Perhaps you’d like to see the kitchen?” It was Carlos’ suggestion and Ben seized on it gratefully. Surely the kitchen wouldn’t be as … as … well whatever this lounge was.

The kitchen was just as odd.

It had everything he could want in a kitchen, and part of him itched to get stuck in, but at the same time it was too pristine, he couldn’t picture the countertops covered with dirty pans and all the other paraphernalia cooking entailed.

He felt somewhat numb as the tour continued, and that hadn’t worn off by the time he rejoined May in the lounge.

It had been different in Malibu somehow. Some of that was simply that he was earlier in his recovery then – even another six weeks had made a large difference, but some of that was also that it wasn’t supposed to be theirs. Tony Stark was a billionaire, his home was supposed to be fancy, over-the-top and luxurious, and it was the normality that was out of place there, but that wasn’t their world.

He was a cop, May was a nurse – a nice apartment in a reasonable part of Queens was what he was used to, what he expected. And maybe by the time he and May were ready to retire they would have saved up enough to buy their own small house in one of the suburbs.

That was the plan, that was the dream, what a normal couple like them could reasonably aspire to. Not ridiculously over the top luxury apartments, not a nephew who was the son of America’s wealthiest man.

“Pictures.” May said and he jumped. He’d forgotten that she was there, too lost in his own thoughts to pay attention to his surroundings. It had started after the accident, his mind couldn’t focus on multiple things at once and he kept getting startled.

“It almost seems wrong to put anything up,” she continued, and he mentally shook himself, forcing himself to move his attention to the conversation. “But it might make it feel a bit more like home.”

“Maybe put the terracotta throw on the couch?” He suggested.

“The check one?” May hummed agreeably and he could see it suddenly. It was a monstrosity of a blanket, all bright colours and large patterns, and it wouldn’t match a single thing in the room, but they’d bought it from Goodwill when they were trying to furnish their very first poky little apartment, and kept it ever since.

He looked around the room again.

He could begin to see it now. The level of luxury was still overwhelming, still off-putting, but they would be able to make a space here.

Eventually it would be home.


The genetics laboratories at Yonsei University had been her second home for the past ten years, but as Helen Cho performed one last check for her belongings, she found she couldn’t muster up any regret that she was leaving.

This might have been the place where she’d finally made the crucial breakthrough that allowed her to regenerate tissue cells for the first time, but the rigidity of the academic lifestyle had become somewhat stifling over the last months.

She had seriously been considering breaking away, and using the patents on her regenerative technology to found her own company and research group when Tony Stark had contacted her.

It had been perfect timing.

Her main concerns about setting up on her own had revolved around the practical concerns of running a business – accountancy, marketing, employing other staff members – and that those concerns would reduce her available time for research and innovation. Working for Stark Industries would ensure that those issues would be taken care of, and she would have a steady stream of funding and the time to devote herself to her research.

The conditions of the contract she’d been offered were excellent. The most remarkable thing was the degree of control she would retain over her inventions. In most private companies, employees would have no intellectual property rights over what they designed in work hours, however her Stark Industries contract granted her ownership of her intellectual property, whilst the company would have a perpetual, irrevocable and royalty free license to it.

The other main benefit from moving away from academia was that she would no longer have to spend weeks every year on the quest for grant money. She would have a generous project budget, and there was a straightforward process for reviewing it.

She cast one long lingering glance around the room before turning sharply on her heel and walking out without sparing a backwards glance.

It was time to move on, and she was looking forward to the coming years.

The photographs that she had been sent of her new lab were incredibly promising. Her set up in Seoul hadn’t been low-tech exactly, but universities and grant funding rarely provided the most up-to date equipment, however the list of equipment she’d been sent proved that Stark had spared no expense.

The space was also hers exclusively. That was another thing that had been at a premium in Yonsei – she had shared the genetics lab with two other scientists and whilst she got on reasonably well with both of them, it would be nice to avoid competition for the more basic equipment, or no longer having to worry about her samples being accidentally damaged or contaminated.

She had so many ideas. It had been her work on tissue regeneration that had caught Stark’s interest, and there were so many different ways she could pursue it. She had considered designing a machine that could print and bind new tissue to existing cells. There were many potential applications for such technology – healing burns perhaps, or if it could be combined with a surgical procedure repairing or replacing damaged organs.

Eventually perhaps, she might even manage to get humans to regrow lost limbs

Ned couldn’t stop bouncing in his seat. It had been ages since he’d seen Peter.

He’d missed the special science lesson they’d had, when Mrs Mitchell had brought in a home planetarium and they’d spent the morning looking at all the different stars and planets. It had been so cool but he hadn’t had his best friend to share it with and nobody else would talk to him about it and then Peter simply hadn’t come back.

He hadn’t been worried at first. Peter was sick a lot, and it wasn’t strange for him to miss a few days every semester, but a week later Mrs Mitchell had sat them all down for a special homeroom session and explained that Peter and his family had been in a car accident and he wouldn’t be in school for a while.

Ned had asked his parents as soon as he’d got home, and his Mum had confirmed it. She’d told him that Peter and his Aunt and Uncle had all gone to hospital, but no they couldn’t go and visit him yet.

But they’d never gone to visit Peter and eventually Ned had stopped asking because his parents always got a funny look on their face when he asked. He’d even asked once whether Peter had died and they had very quickly reassured him that he was okay, but it would still be several more weeks before he could see Peter again.

It didn’t make things any better though. Peter was his only friend and the rest of the semester had been very lonely. Mrs Mitchell had moved Eddie to sit next to him, but Eddie only wanted to talk about baseball and didn’t like Star Wars! The one time Ned had brought in his pokemon cards, Eddie had scoffed and said they were silly before showing off his own football ones, but football was boring.

Summer camp had been better. Peter didn’t normally come to summer camp so there wasn’t a Peter sized-gap all the time, but he still missed his friend. Then he’d come home and been told that Peter was having a birthday party and Ned would see him next week.

And the day was finally here!

He looked out of the window, searching for the familiar landmarks on the route, and suddenly sat upright. They’d just gone past the entrance to Peter’s block.

“You’re going the wrong way!”

“Peter’s moved house champ,” his Dad reassured him, “You remember that there was the accident?”

Ned nodded slowly, even though his Dad was driving and couldn’t see him.

“Well May and Ben were hurt and need wheelchairs now, so they’ve moved to an apartment which has a working elevator.”

Oh that made sense. The elevator in Peter’s block was awful. Most of the time it didn’t work and you had to climb hundreds of steps to get to his floor.

He wondered what Peter’s room would be like now. Maybe it would have more floor space and then it would be easier to build the really big kits. Not that either of them had the properly big ones – he’d wanted both the Millenium Falcon and the Death Star since they’d come out but his parents said they were too expensive. Maybe if they both pooled their pocket money they could save up for one of them?

He'd been too lost in his daydreams to notice when the car pulled up, but his parents’ whispered discussion pulled him out of his attempt to calculate how many weeks they would need to save to get the Death Star.

“Are you sure you’ve got the right address?”

“That’s what I wrote down.”

“I know what May said, but I wasn’t expecting this. Makes you curious doesn’t it?”

“Are we there yet?” Ned piped up, and abruptly the conversation stopped. His mum was the first to recover.

“Yes we are sweetie – I’m just going to phone May to check how we get to their apartment okay?”

Ned waited, barely concealing his impatience as the minutes ticked by. Soon though, his parents were opening the car door and ushering him forward. He looked around curiously as they entered the building. It was quite different from Peter’s previous building he decided, it looked a bit like those fancy hotels that you saw on TV sometimes, and the elevator was certainly a lot better.

He was quivering by the time they reached the door, and he barely remembered his manners, mumbling out a greeting as May opened the door before launching right past her with a cry.

“Peter!”

Peter’s face lit up and he returned the greeting enthusiastically.

“I’ve got loads to tell you Ned,” he said once they’d finished their handshake. “You won’t believe what Dad got me for my birthday and I need your help with it.”

A slightly pointed cough came from behind them and Ned turned, slightly sheepishly, to see three adults looking at them, and beside him Peter was shuffling awkwardly.

“Be good for May and Ben,” his Mum instructed, though Ned recognised the look of exasperated fondness in her face, and he nodded. It took ages - though probably it was only a few minutes - for the adults to finish with the boring things and when the door was finally shut Peter turned to his Aunt.

“Please can we go and play now Aunt May?”

The woman laughed, “Of you go you two, we’ll call when the cake’s done.”

That sounded like a good idea. It was only a short distance to Peter’s room but as soon as they got there Ned stopped dead.

“Is that…”

Peter just nodded, a huge grin stretching across his face.

There in all its glory sat the Millenium Falcon, with all 5197 pieces, still in its plastic wrapping.

“We’re building this together right?” The question was out of his mouth before he could stop it, but Peter didn’t care.

“Of course! I’ve had it a week Ned but I was waiting for you.”

He hugged Peter again. He knew he wouldn’t have been able to wait if their places were reversed but Peter had always been more patient than him. Still, it was the Millenium Falcon.

They’d just about made their way through the box and were starting to assemble the first parts of the frame, when something Peter had said earlier suddenly struck Ned.

“Um Peter, did you say you got this from your Dad?”

Peter gave him a puzzled look for a second, then Ned saw the moment it visibly clicked for his friend. The boy leaned over, glancing over his shoulder for the presence of any lurking adults, dropping his voice to a whisper.

“So it turns out my Dad wasn’t actually my Dad. We found out after the accident.” He paused then, voice switching to something more solemn.

“Can you keep a secret Ned?”

Eyes widening, he nodded, but Peter pressed further, “From everyone, even your parents. You can’t tell.”

“Pinky promise – I won’t tell anyone.”

Gravely they linked hands and then Peter took a deep breath before saying.

“My Dad is Tony Stark.”
Notes:

    I hope you all enjoyed the update - quite a bit of set up in this one, but don't worry, there's more plot coming next week.

    I hope you enjoyed seeing a bit more for Ben's point of view, and of course we now have Ned in the picture too.

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Edit Bookmark Comments (4092) 

Kudos

Iluvmyteam, OutofOz23, ForeverMagic8, topherd14, JellyRasBerry, Aro_Ace_Disaster, unknownchild, Paappa, Evelia24, Consultingjarvis, commonthieves, mani0608, too_many_stories_too_little_time, Top_fun, Writersforfun, CuteQoukka, LizOST, Owoceandweller, GunnarS14, Grii, harry__riddle, Shiitake_Mushroom, YoMomasSlut, BluetifulBird, rarmstrong, Goomba555, KurtWaterDragon, MapleSyrup05, Thranduil2002, Tomboy_Alex, biitsu, Huntzy, Starlaite, Miki4869, ParkNayaMinMin, Moonlightword, ZsadistCortel, Asja_May1118, Snail_Mail_From_Space, Mecklinger66, LunaRose88, WillNonsense, choral212, Alcm1, Wanda_agatha_Rio, Mulow, Claire_voyant, Valmis, Missing13Days, Roguish_Raven, and 11773 more users as well as 8417 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment
Comment as fictionfruit

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    Customize
        Default
        Low Vision Default
        Reversi
        Snow Blue
    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.408.4
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

