

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: austen words:10000-50000 sort:title 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Share 

    Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Explicit 

Archive Warning:

        Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings 

Category:

        F/M 

Fandom:

        僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia 

Relationship:

        Midoriya Izuku/Everyone 

Characters:

        Midoriya IzukuShimura NanaSensei | All For One 

Additional Tags:

        Sensei | All For One is Midoriya HisashiBAMF Midoriya IzukuMidoriya Izuku Has One for All QuirkMidoriya Izuku Has Multiple QuirksMidoriya Izuku Has All for One QuirkDom/subHaremRough SexFemale Bakugou KatsukiFemale Todoroki Shouto 

Language:
    English 
Collections:
    Smut I Like, Unlimited Erotic Works 
Stats:

    Published:
        2021-09-02
    Completed:
        2024-09-01
    Words:
        198,060
    Chapters:
        77/77
    Comments:
        734
    Kudos:
        3,606
    Bookmarks:
        832
    Hits:
        455,012

The Successor
CambrianBeckett
Summary:

    Summary: An AU in which Izuku's father isn't nearly as absentee as he might seem in canon. In fact, Izuku's dad is prepared to give Izuku the world...

    One of my current ongoing stories and caught up to where it's at over on all of my other websites such as QuestionableQuesting, Hentai-Foundry, Fanfiction, and Webnovel. This story will update twice a month, usually.

    Links to my profiles on other websites can be found in the Notes at the end of the chapters.

Notes:

(See the end of the work for notes.)
Chapter 1: A Gain
Chapter Text

“Young Midoriya… you truly are a worthy successor.”
 
Toshinori Yagi sounds somewhat amazed as he looks over the cleaned beach. Izuku just smiles, taking the praise from the civilian identity of the hero known as All Might for what it’s worth to him. Having completed All Might’s task a week before the U.A. Entrance Exam, he’d certainly let things get a little too close… but not so close as to be worried about it.
 
The Takoba Municipal Beach Park had been an absolute trash heap when Toshinori had first brought Izuku here just under ten months ago. Rampant pollution had turned the place into a literal junkyard, and the worst it’d gotten, the more and more people had used it as a dumping ground, rather than an actual garbage dump that might have been a little further away from their residence.
 
But then, if there was one thing Izuku knew, it was that most people were inherently lazy. Not him though… he didn’t have time to be lazy. Especially when he didn’t even have a Quirk to help him. In a society where Quirks were everything, a ‘Quirkless Loser’ like him was of course at the bottom of the pile. But not for much longer, oh no.
 
“Thank you, sir. That means an awful lot coming from you.”
 
Izuku beams at the deflated form of All Might, even as he pants in near-exhaustion. In response, All Might grins back at him for a moment… and then coughs up some blood, hacking it into his hand. Izuku doesn’t comment nor react to it though, it’s something he’s supposed to have more than gotten used to over the past ten or so months.
 
“R-Right. Should probably hurry this along, shouldn’t we? Hm, Izuku Midoriya… you will be the next bearer of One For All. My Quirk, passed down through the generations, will go to you now. Are you ready for this? Are you up to this challenge?”
 
Izuku pauses for a moment, half-expecting the other man to say something else. When he doesn’t… well, he hides it very well, but there’s no denying that Izuku is just a little disappointed. Smiling widely, he nods his head energetically, his hands clenched into fists at his sides.
 
“Yes sir!”
 
“Very well… then eat this piece of hair!”
 
The gravitas of the moment is undeniably stymied just a tad when Toshinori suddenly plucks a blonde hair from his over-the-top mop of locks and thrusts it out towards Izuku, putting it right in his face. Blinking owlishly for a moment, the younger man raises a single eyebrow at his supposed mentor, who has the good grace to look a little sheepish under that quelling gaze.
 
“A-Aha… One For All is a Quirk that can only be transferred via biological consumption from a willing donor to another person. While there’s certainly plenty of my blood around at any given moment, I imagine my hair would be… much more palatable to you for this.”
 
He’s not wrong. Nodding amicably at the explanation, Izuku reaches out and takes the hair. He spends perhaps a moment looking at it, but not willing to let himself get too caught up in his own thoughts, he promptly puts it in his mouth and swallows as best he can, even if it feels undeniably disgusting letting actual hair go down his throat.
 
Still, he gets it down and keeps it down… and a moment later, he can feel it. He can feel the Quirk slotting into place within him, within a deep section of his soul that Izuku has not allowed himself to acknowledge for over a decade. Swallowing thickly, trembling with excitement and emotion, Izuku can’t help it… the tears start to come.
 
He sort of hates this part of himself, but it’s undeniable. Izuku Midoriya has always been a bit of a big crier, whenever things get too emotional. Of course, seeing his big whopping tears, All Might has to react. Inflating himself up, the man pulls Izuku into a hug.
 
“There, there, Young Midoriya! Do not fear… for I Am Here!”
 
Izuku lets out a watery bark of laughter at hearing the Number One’s famous catchphrase. And then he takes the opportunity All Might is giving him to bury his face in the man’s chest and smile the biggest damn grin he’s ever smiled.
 
“Thank you… thank you, All Might. Thank you so much.”
 
Chuckling somewhat awkwardly at the display of intense, over-the-top emotion, his mentor these last ten months slowly pats Izuku on the back.
 
“No need for thanks, dear boy… it was all you. You did all the heavy lifting, after all.”
 
And wasn’t that the truth. These last ten months had been fucking hell and cleaning this beach had never and would never turn out to be Izuku Midoriya’s idea of a good time. But it was all worth it for this moment. It was all worth it, now that he finally had One For All. Slowly calming down, his big tears finally stopping, Izuku pulls away and All Might lets him.
 
“Now then! We have a limited amount of time together… but since you managed to finish so early, we’ll be able to spend this last week before U.A. training you in the use of your new Quirk! With any luck, you’ll have no problems passing the Hero Entrance Exam.”
 
Izuku nods and his hands curl back into fists again, even as he feels the power of One For All thrumming just beneath the surface of his skin. It begs to be used… but even after all of this physical conditioning, Izuku is leery of it. Still, he has the best possible source of information on the Quirk standing right in front of him… and he’s not going to let an opportunity like this go to waste.
 
“Show me all of your secrets, sir! I’m ready to learn!”
 
If All Might is put off by Izuku’s wording, the big man doesn’t show it as he laughs uproariously… and begins to put Izuku through his paces on a whole new level compared to the last ten months.
 
-x-X-x-
 
While the rest of the week is undeniably grueling, by the end of it All Might gives Izuku the last day before the Entrance Exam off to rest and recuperate. It’s greatly appreciated, though perhaps not for the reasons his would-be mentor thinks. Having that final day off… it gives him a chance to not just recover his strength, but also to slip away and have a very important meeting with a very important individual.
 
And so, Izuku sends the signal while alone in his bedroom and waits a moment before stepping through the portal that’s formed at the foot of his bed. He finds himself in a room deep underground… where the laid up figure of All For One, All Might’s greatest enemy, awaits him.
 
“I suppose… you’ve done it then, yes?”
 
Now away from expectations and potential spies, Izuku lets his lips split into a wide grin that’s a tad more wicked. Not quite malicious, not quite evil… but certainly impish and mischievous on young Midoriya’s youthful features.
 
“I did it a week ago, in fact… but only today was I able to get away long enough to see you about it. He kept me training hard with my new Quirk all week long, to make sure I would be ready for U.A.’s entrance exam. Still, it’s done. I am now the latest bearer of One For All… father.”
 
Hisashi Midoriya, or so he’d been named when he’d first met Izuku’s mother a decade and a half ago and they’d had Izuku together, leans forward at that. The ancient Quirk hoarder, the former Emperor of the Underworld, lets out a shuddering, raspy chuckle of a laugh.
 
“Well done, my son. Well done. Come.”
 
His father beckons him forward, and Izuku goes to him, unafraid. After all, One For All is not a Quirk that can just be taken, not even by All For One. But more than that… his father is near-death, having been almost destroyed many years ago by the same man who’s been unknowingly training Izuku for months and months now.
 
For much of Izuku’s life, his father has been in this state. Healing, or trying to heal anyways, from the incredibly grievous damage that his nemesis had done him. But even still, Izuku would never forget the strong man who he had known earlier in his life for a few short years before this… this fate had befallen him.
 
Admittedly, it was All Might’s near fatal attack on Hisashi that had led Izuku down the path he was on now. One of unreserved desire to finally end the battle between All For One and One For All, once and for all. And now… he’d done it. In him, both legacies continued on. Because while Izuku had been declared Quirkless by a doctor on his father’s payroll, the truth was he had had his Quirk as long as anyone else had.
 
He still remembered the day his Quirk had manifested for the first time. How he’d accidentally stolen Katsumi Bakugo’s Quirk from her. His childhood best friend didn’t seem to remember that moment much these days, not with how convinced she was that he truly was Quirkless and thus a ‘worthless Deku’, but Izuku would never forget the feel of power from having her Quirk at his beck and call… nor the look of heartbreak on her young face when she’d briefly realized she couldn’t use her Quirk any longer.
 
He’d given it back of course, almost immediately, and with both of them being too young to understand what had happened at the time… well, was at any wonder that Katsumi had seemingly repressed the memory or managed to rework it, so it happened differently in her head. After all, Izuku was Quirkless, the doctors even said so, so it must not have happened that way, right?
 
Regardless, the fact of the matter was… All For One had bred true in him. As his father’s son, Izuku could steal and give Quirks as well. He just hadn’t done so all these years for an incredibly simple reason… he’d been building up a proper cover for their ultimate plan of yanking One For All right out from under All Might with the man being none the wiser.
 
And it’d worked. All Might had no idea he’d chosen his enemy’s own son as his successor. He had no idea he’d delivered One For All to the next generation’s All For One. And if Izuku had his way, Toshinori would never learn. He would simply continue wasting away and eventually be forced to retire as a Pro Hero, before finally passing quietly in some cottage out in the country.
 
Once upon a time, Izuku might have wanted nothing but the cruelest and most painful death for All Might, especially after what he did to his father… but the young man was older now, and wiser too. He had also just spent the last ten months learning at Toshinori Yagi’s feet and that… try as he might have to avoid it, that had forged a bond that at the very least allowed him to show mercy to his father’s great enemy.
 
Placing his hand in his father’s outstretched palm, Izuku waits… and feels it as his father passes along Quirk after Quirk. He’s had to spend all of these years functionally Quirkless. It’s taken a lot of his willpower to do so, it’s taken all of his inner strength, conviction, and resolve to stick to the plan at all costs. So many times he wanted to tear the Quirks from his bullies, from his classmates, from his teachers. So many Quirks he’d wanted to dissect more personally, more intimately… but couldn’t, forced to resort to his notebooks instead.
 
They’d never been enough though, not truly. Now… now though, Izuku feels it and boy what a rush it is. All of the Quirks that his father passes along to him help compliment One For All. In the past week, Izuku has not quite broken any bones… but only because he was training with All Might himself and using less than one percent of One For All’s power at any given time.
 
This package of Quirks that he and his father had prepared and curated together over the last decade however, ever since this plan of theirs had been set in motion… they would allow Izuku to use One For All to a much greater extent, while at the same time being subtle enough to seem like mere aspects of a normal Enhancement Quirk.
 
Not even All Might SHOULD be suspicious, hopefully, if Izuku even saw the man again. That was the plan anyways, and eventually the flow of Quirks between the two All For One users stops and Izuku pulls back, letting out a shuddering breath as he looks down at his hands, clenching them into fists and feeling the sheer combined efficiency of his new collection of Quirks at work. This was power… and after spending so much of his life weak and downtrodden, it felt amazing.
 
“Now… we must decide what you will do next.”
 
His head snaps up at that, and he frowns as he looks at his father.
 
“What do you mean? I thought we both agreed on that. I’m going to join U.A. and become a Pro Hero. I’m going to use their own system against them, to stand on top of the world. They won’t know it, but they will come to adore and praise the son of their most hated enemy. They will flock to me, worship me… and I will show them what true power is.”
 
“Yes… that has not changed. But before all of that, before tomorrow… you must decide what you will do with ME.”
 
Izuku blinks at that, staring at his bedridden father in silence and confusion. Lifting up the same hand that had transferred to Izuku all of those Quirks a few moments before, his father snaps his fingers. One of Kurogiri’s portals swirls into existence a handful of seconds later, and through it is pushed a large box of sorts… with a clear glass front to it that allows Izuku to see the beautiful woman slumbering within.
 
“Who-?”
 
“Nana Shimura. The Seventh User of One For All. Much like All Might believed he killed me all those years ago, he also believed I killed his mentor even earlier. But of course, what All Might believes, and actual reality are quite often at odds with one another, as we both well know.”
 
Izuku slowly nods at that, even as he takes in the beautiful, raven-haired woman. She looks quite peaceful at the moment…
 
“She’s in a state of suspended animation, kept like that ever since I defeated her in battle. I considered her a pawn to be used at some point or other against her protégé, but then he fled to America to hide from me and train, and I never really got the chance. She is… a half-completed project of sorts.”
 
Swallowing thickly, Izuku processes all of this, his brow still furrowed in confusion, a frown marring his way.
 
“Why… why are you telling me all of this? What does this have to do with me deciding what to do with you? What does that even mean?”
 
A raspy chuckle leaves his father’s throat.
 
“You are quite powerful now, my son. But you could be more powerful. All you would have to do… is drain the rest of my Quirks from me. Including the ones keeping me alive. Take them, end the threat of All For One once and for all… and save Nana Shimura. You will solidify your place among the heroes with ease if you do so. All Might himself will be incapable of doubting you for the rest of his meager life.”
 
That was… he was… Izuku’s hands clench and unclench at his sides as he licks his lips. Call it what you will. Ten months under All Might perhaps indoctrinating him to the Pro Hero’s way of thinking? Or just mere age allowing him to look at all the mistakes his father had made, all the things he’d done wrong… and wanting to do them better.
 
The point was, he was considering it. It filled him with a fair amount of self-loathing, but nevertheless, he was considering it. Still, before he could make a decision, he needed more information.
 
“What do you mean by a half-completed project, father?”
 
“Hm… I intended to turn her into a Nomu and send her after All Might. But the process back then was faulty, and in the end I decided to refrain from damaging her irrevocably. Her memory is not what it used to be however, and her mind will never recover. As well, she will imprint on the very first person she sees, considering them the only one capable of providing her with proper direction. Of course, as her savior, it will not seem odd that she is… attached to you after so long in my not-so-tender care.”
 
That was… alright then. Izuku closes his eyes shut and just tries to think for a moment, preferably without any outside distractions. Luckily, his father is fine with going silent and letting him do so, while Nana Shimura isn’t about to pipe up and give HER opinion on anything right now.
 
His own father… wanted him to finish the job that All Might had started all those years ago. There was no denying that the original All For One was right… taking what was left of his villainous father’s quirks would make him stronger, but more than that, slaying All For One and rescuing Nana Shimura would be… well, it would be a PR boon that would boost Izuku along right up until he became a full time Pro Hero. His power, combined with that sort of early success… it would be like a golden ticket.
 
But could he really do it? Kill his father? Accept this one final gift before Hisashi Midoriya died for real this time, instead of simply ‘going overseas’ for much of Izuku’s life? Could he pull that trigger?
 
Opening his eyes, Izuku sees his father holding out his hand to him once more, offering up everything that he had left to his son. Trembling, Izuku doesn’t know what to do. Whether to take that hand or not.
Chapter 2: A Sacrifice
Chapter Text

Letting out a shuddering breath, Izuku Midoriya opens his mouth to say something… but nothing comes out. In the end, what is there to say? He steps forward and takes his father's hand, beginning the process of transferring Quirks between them once again. Except this time is different, undeniably so. Before, it was more of an exchange. Not that Izuku gave his father anything, but it was a carefully curated package of Quirks that his father had metaphysically 'held out' to him, Quirks designed to allow Izuku to use One For All without breaking his body every single time.

Now… now it's different. Because while his father is still offering it all up, this nevertheless feels a lot more like Izuku is taking more than receiving. He's never used his own Quirk like this. His own version of All For One has gone an awful long time without getting to experience this effect. He'd starved it all these years, in order to make his and his father's plan work.

Now he gorges it and himself on all of the Quirks that the original All For One has consumed and hoarded over the past century and some change. He takes and takes and watches with dismay as his already injured father begins to wither away, right before his eyes. And yet, Izuku does not look away. Even as the tears swell at the corners of his eyes, even as they fall, he keeps on looking.

He owes this man, his father, that much at least. For all that Hiashi Midoriya has done for his son, for all that he's given him, for all that Izuku is taking now… he deserves to be witnessed in his final moments.

"Good… g-good… b-boy…"

The tears do fall then, big honking ones that Izuku is not at all proud of. It's one of the things he hates the most about himself, how when he cries, he cries hard. But right now, it feels… right, in a way. The pain, the grief, the sense of loss, it feels right. Izuku cries big honking tears and watches his father wither away in front of him.

In the end, the original All For One is barely alive by the time Izuku is done. Hiashi Midoriya hangs on by a thread without the entire suite of regeneration and healing perks that he'd stolen to keep himself alive in the wake of the horrific damage that All Might's attack had caused. Through sheer force of will, the original All For One, brought to the point of having no Quirk but his own, gives Izuku one more nod and one final piece of advice.

"Now… finish it, my son. Make this the f-first of many… victories."

Knowing exactly what his father means, it doesn't make Izuku happy about it. Nevertheless, he draws his hand back. The power thrumming through him now is more than intense, it's almost maddening. But Izuku was made for this. He was made to contain all of these Quirks, just like his father before him. Activating One For All without hurting himself, with all the other minor Quirks he has to back it up is child's play.

Punching through his father's chest and rupturing his heart is… probably going to haunt Izuku for a long, long time. But it needs to be done. His father wouldn't have lasted much longer anyways, but he needed to have a proper cause of death. He needed… he needed to die at the hands of an Aspiring Pro Hero.

Even as the tears eventually stop falling, Izuku's mind is already whirling. He's a smart boy. He knows what needs to happen now, he knows what sort of plan he needs to enact. Taking his eyes off of his father's corpse and laying them on Nana Shimura, Izuku lets out a shuddering breath… before lifting his clean hand palm up in the air.

"Kurogiri… phone."

It's a test as much as it is anything else. If his father hadn't told Kurogiri his plan, then it was possible Izuku had just created an enemy. But… Izuku didn't think that his dad would make such an unfortunate oversight. His confidence is answered a moment later by a smaller portal appearing over his open palm and a burner phone dropping into his hand.

Looking down at it, Izuku considers his next step… before looking to Nana Shimura first. He now knew exactly how his father had put the former One For All bearer in stasis… because he now had the exact Quirk that the original All For One had utilized to do so. Reaching out, it's all too easy for Izuku to collapse the stasis field, the clear glass surface of the large coffin-like box shattering.

Nana begins to fall forward, no longer frozen in time, and Izuku leans in to catch her, the power of dozens of physical enhancement Quirks as well as One For All thrumming through his muscles. He catches Nana Shimura and cradles her as he slowly sinks to his knees. She's breathing, he ascertains quickly enough… and so Izuku waits for her to open her eyes. He doesn't have to wait long before her long lashes begin to flutter and she slowly looks up at him, gaze filled with awe and wonder.

Offering a watery smile, Izuku clutches her close, this last gift of his father's.

"H-Hey there… you're okay now. You're safe. I… I saved you."

Nana Shimura reaches up and runs a hand across Izuku's face, her childlike wonder not changing as she looks at him like he's her God. Letting a watery chuckle make its way out of his throat, Izuku lifts up the phone in his other hand.

"Let's… let's get you out of here, alright? I just need to place a call real quick."

Flipping open the burner and dialing a number he knows by heart at this point, Izuku holds the phone to his ear and waits patiently, trying to ignore how good Nana Shimura's body feels against his own… and the way she's rubbing against him surreptitiously, even as she continues to gawk at him. After a moment, a familiar voice comes over the other end.

"Yo, Toshinori speaking."

"A-All Might… it's me. It's Izuku. S-Something… something happened?"

"Young Midoriya! What's wrong? Where are you?!"

"I was… well, I g-guess I was kidnapped. Um… I killed a man, All Might. I dunno where I am… where WE are… I was hoping you could track this phone's location?"

"… Not to worry, Young Midoriya! I will put my best people on it! What's this about you killing a man?"

Glancing back over his shoulder at the bed where his father's corpse lies, Izuku swallows thickly… and answers honestly, dropping the bombshell to end all bombshells.

"He called himself All For One… and said he was my father."

-x-X-x-

Despite his inherent sadistic side, Nezu was still quite capable of empathy, especially when it came to those close to him. And he certainly feels empathy for the man sat across from him right now. Yagi Toshinori, otherwise known as All Might, had been looking… smaller, for some years now. Ever since taking that injury that would have killed a lesser Pro Hero, he had been reduced to a shadow of his former self.

But then, if the Toshinori that Nezu had interacted with for the past several years was a shadow of his former self, then the man sitting in front of him now was a shadow of a shadow. This Toshinori was not just feeling the weight of the world on his shoulders… but the weight of his own personal failures as well, dragging him down.

"The boy… he's such a good boy, Nezu. I was right to name him my successor. I just… I had no idea."

Nezu nods along at that, even as his genius level intellect processes the day's numerous bombshells. Finding out that All For One was alive all this time was a shock in and of itself. All Might and his allies, Nezu included, had been operating under the impression that the villain had died all those years ago in that final, fateful confrontation.

Now though… that was revealed to not be the case. More than that, it turned out even before All Might and All For One's fateful final duel, the latter… had reproduced.

Obviously, the boy's words had had to be tested. But the results were already back and revealed that All For One, for all his evil, had not been lying. At least for a very small time before abandoning them entirely, All For One had masqueraded as Hiashi Midoriya, seducing Inko Midoriya and impregnating her, leading to the birth of Izuku Midoriya… All Might's chosen successor.

Now, Nezu didn't believe in coincidences… but then, as the boy had explained to them, there were no coincidences here. All For One had been planning to utilize Izuku to finally get One For All back all his life. It might, in fact, have been the only reason that he had a child in the first place. Everything had been arranged so that All Might and Izuku would cross paths… and going even further back than that, there were suspicions that Izuku's entire life had been manipulated from behind the scenes by his villainous father, in order to make Izuku the exact kind of person, a heroic kind of person, that would draw All Might in.

It seemed, however, that All For One wasn't banking on being bedridden by his final combat with All Might… nor was he planning for his son to truly be so heroic that he would reject his own father. That was what had happened, of course. All For One had had Izuku kidnapped and then explained the situation to the boy, before demanding that he hand over One For All right then and there.

Things had escalated, from what Izuku had told them. And All For One had ended up dead… dead by his own son's fist through his chest cavity. This too, weighed heavily on Nezu's heart. No one should suffer like that; no boy should have to kill their own father. Toshinori clearly felt the same, and clearly felt like a failure for having to force Izuku to clean up after him.

But it was worse than that, at least for Toshinori. Because it had gone a step further… All For One had, in the process of revealing his grand plan to his prodigal son, also revealed another massive secret. Nana Shimura was alive. Rather than killing her, All For One had kidnapped her that fateful day and spirited her away. While Yagi had been off in America making a name for himself as All Might, All For One had had unrestricted access to Nana Shimura, doing whatever he liked with the woman.

Even for Nezu, it was horrifying to think about. But for the broken, dying man behind the persona of All Might, it was obviously a lot, LOT worse.

"All that time… he had her all that time. I didn't save her. I didn't kill him. I couldn't… d-do anything. In the end, Young Midoriya had to handle all of it."

Folding his paws in front of him, Nezu frowns most severely.

"You had no way of knowing, Yagi. Today's revelations are shocking, there is no doubt about that. But you had no way of knowing any of this. It was… that man's machinations went undetected by us all for this entire time. We must have only peeled back the surface of his operations after his supposed death, and with his demise, we thought we got it all. Instead, he was still working, still plotting, still planning. Still, take solace in the fact that he failed. All For One is dead, truly this time. And Nana Shimura is returned to us, alive and well."

Letting out a choked sob, along with some hacked up blood, Yagi Toshinori nods.

"Y-Yes. And she's barely aged a day… she'll live much longer than me, at this rate. Strange to think about… but a-appropriate in a way. I… you're right, of course. Young Midoriya has succeeded as my successor within days of receiving One For All. He is a much better bearer for my Quirk than I ever was."

Slamming a paw down onto his desk, Nezu lets a low growl exit his throat.

"Do not say that! You are still the Symbol of Peace! And Izuku Midoriya still has a lot to learn before he will be ready to take your place. You, All Might, are still needed!"

Something in Toshinori's slumped shoulders straightens at that. He sits up, and a bit of his old fire returns to his sunken eyes.

"You're right."

But as quickly as it appears, it gutters out again and Nezu… Nezu mourns for his friend, because he knows in that moment that All Might is truly gone, and only a ghost of his shell remains. And who knows how long they'll get even that…

"Unfortunately, I will not be able to take up that position at U.A. this year after all. The world… the world needs as much of All Might as I can give it for as much longer as I can manage it. Who knows what other evils are lurking out there, just waiting for me? And… it's not as if Young Midoriya will need any more of my tutelage. He's already well on his way to becoming a fantastic hero."

Nezu grunts at that.

"Not so fast. He still needs plenty to learn… but I understand why you feel you are no longer up to the task. I understand and accept your decision."

Yagi just nods, looking away. The combined shock of finding out that All For One was alive all this time, as well as holding Nana prisoner… had caused a physical attack within the ailing Pro Hero. A string of heart attacks, combined with a stroke. Recovery Girl had done the best she could to help him, but at the end of the day, they were at the point where all they could do was make him more comfortable.

But of course, someone like Toshinori did not care for comfort. He would spend the rest of his limited time doing what hero work he could… and all Nezu could really hope for was that when the man finally did die, it would be in bed, rather than him keeling over in front of witnesses…

In the meantime, Nezu had his work cut out for him. This next year at U.A. was already shaping up to be a wild one, what with the faculty changes and the incoming crop of First Years. It was both exciting, and incredibly stressful. More than anything though, U.A.'s principal wanted to see what young Izuku Midoriya would manage.

The boy was the child of All For One… but at the same time had proved himself a hundredfold, first with all those months of personal training with All Might, and then with his own father's death, rather than giving in and giving All For One what he wanted. In Nezu's mind, there was no doubt that Izuku Midoriya had what it took. He was excited to see just how far the boy would go…

-x-X-x-

After the… incident, Izuku found himself staying in U.A.'s facilities overnight, ostensibly for them to observe him, presumably because he was in shock. And to be fair, he was in some sort of state. Most of it was manufactured by his Quirks, of course. With the Quirks he'd taken from his father before killing him, Izuku could engineer any sort of act or disguise that he wanted.

Still, he was a little in shock. Not from killing his father, he was coming to terms with that much easier than they probably expected him to, on account of the truth being that his own father ASKED him to do it in order to give Izuku the best chance of a clean future as a Pro Hero. No, Izuku's honest shock actually stemmed from watching All Might literally nearly die just from the discoveries that Izuku had dropped on him.

He really hadn't been planning on that. He'd actually thought the reveals, that All For One was truly dead and that Nana Shimura was safe and sound and out of enemy hands, might even bolster the flagging, ailing Number One Pro Hero. It was a bit of oversight that Izuku intended to learn from, because he realized now that he really hadn't thought about it from Toshinori's point of view.

Rather than all of this being a good thing… instead it was all an example of All Might's multiple personal failures, wasn't it? He'd absconded to America and left his living predecessor in their greatest enemy's hands. He'd not followed up closely enough after nearly killing All For One all those years ago, and that had come back to bite him in the ass. And… he'd given his Quirk to Izuku, and if not for Izuku's 'heroic spirit', then he might as well have nearly handed the One For All Quirk right back into All For One's hands.

All of that put together… well, Izuku supposed it was no wonder that Yagi very nearly died from the shock of those three things. Luckily, the man had managed to pull through and would make as much of a recovery as he could, according to Recovery Girl herself. But at the same time, how much weaker he would be… Izuku was left to wonder, he truly was.

Laying in a bed in a guest suite deep within U.A., Izuku finds himself staring up at the ceiling… until the door to the room suddenly cracks open, and a familiar figure creeps in. Thanks to several night vision Quirks, Izuku easily recognizes Nana Shimura as she closes the door behind her and moves over to his bed, crawling under the covers with him.

She's hugging him a moment later… and not being at all subtle about what she wants as she moans and rubs against him. Blushing, Izuku ponders what to do about THIS new development. Not that he's all that surprised, before All Might's arrival, Nana had begun to get handsy with him, having sensed Izuku's erection from her soft body pressed against his.

Luckily, before anything could happen there, All Might had arrived, and everything had been too chaotic for Nana to do anything of that sort. She'd stuck close to him though, and they'd only finally separated an hour ago for bed. That, apparently, was a separation too far for the raven-haired woman.

Should he… take advantage of this? He was certainly tempted. His cock was already starting to strain against his pajamas, thanks to her body heat and the softness of her womanly figure. He did have options, however. He could let her do what she wanted to do, and see where she took this, see what she decided she wanted out of him.

Or he could take control and get what he wanted out of HER. Based off of his father's explanation and Nana's mewling insistence, she would most definitely not mind him being forceful with her.

Finally, he could put a stop to this and… well, just let her cuddle with him, nothing more. He doubted he could get her to go back to her own room at this point, but at the very least, he probably shouldn't be having sex with her right off the bat. But then, if he didn't do anything he 'shouldn't be doing', he wouldn't have committed patricide earlier today.
Chapter 3: Nana Shimura
Chapter Text

In the end, Izuku knows what he wants… and is perhaps too much of a reckless young man still not to take advantage. In an instant, he’s on top and Nana is below him, the beautiful older woman pinned by his strength as he holds her in place, a lustful growl leaving his lips. His erection presses against her belly through the thin fabric of his boxers, even as he belatedly realizes Nana herself is completely naked. Of course, she is.
 
“Mine.”
 
Face flushed bright red, eyes glazed over with need, mouth parted slightly as she pants noisily, Nana nods excitedly.
 
“Y-Yours!”
 
That brings a smile to Izuku’s face… but it vanishes soon after as he’s reminded that… that this woman will always be tied to his father’s death for him. It makes it hard to treat her gently, it makes it hard to be nice to her, especially in a situation like this where it’s just the two of them, all alone. With another growl, Izuku hurriedly pulls down his boxers, releasing his throbbing cock from its confines.
 
He shuffles up Nana’s body and slaps his dick down between her gorgeous tits with purpose, the tip of his cock bumping into her chin as she blinks down at his member, before moaning all the more wantonly and reaching up to wrap her tits around his shaft. She seems to instinctively know how to best please him, seems to know exactly what he wants.

For a little while, Izuku lets her work, the titjob giving him no small amount of pleasure. But he can’t sit still for long, finding himself with too much energy to burn off. Beginning to thrust forward, he ends up forcing his cock into her open, waiting mouth as she tilts her head down and begins to suck at his dick whenever it’s in range. All the while, her eyes are fixated on his face, on her savior’s face.
 
“You want me, don’t you? You belong to me. My father’s last gift… I’ll be sure to cherish you… but I don’t think I can be gentle. Sorry.”
 
Nana just continues to slurp at his cock, verbally unresponsive to his words, but that didn’t mean she was ignoring him. Rather, she seems to get more and more eager, her tongue swirling over his cockhead, her hands rushing her soft, full tits up and down his length. In no time at all, Izuku feels fit to burst… and why shouldn’t he, right? Why should he hold back?
 
With a grunt and one final thrust forward, the young man begins to cum in Nana Shimura’s mouth. His mentor’s mentor goes wide-eyed briefly, her cheeks puffing outwards as some of his seed ultimately ends up making it out the sides of her mouth. She can’t hold it all in, though she certainly tries, gulping down large portions of his load until he’s finished cumming and pulls back. Then, she drinks down the rest in one final swallow, before looking up at him expectantly, just as horny as before.
 
That was fine though, because Izuku could do this all-fucking day. Not only had the last ten months been intensely physical for him, but he also now held within him enough enhancement Quirks that a few were sex related, or at least adaptable to a sexual situation like this one. Point being, his cock is still rock hard as he shuffles back again, grabbing Nana by her hips and flipping her over onto her front.
 
She immediately lifts her hips high into the air in this new position, jutting her ass up and revealing her creamy thighs and her gushing wet pussy lips to him, acting like the bitch in heat she currently is and clearly wanting nothing more than to satisfy his lusts, to allow him to slake his unquenched desires upon her beautiful, buxom body.
 
Grabbing her by the sides of her waist, digging his fingers into her flesh, Izuku thrusts forward, spearing into Nana’s depths with a grunt. In response, the raven-haired heroine squeals, her head tilting back enough to let him see her eyes rolling around even in the dark as she shakes and spasms upon his cock. Her body bounces and jiggles in a number of satisfying ways as Izuku begins to fuck her from behind, pounding into her with not quite all his might, but more than enough to rock her world.
 
Luckily, there’s no one else around. They’re the only two people in UA’s guest wing as he’s given to understand, because Nana gets loud enough to wake the dead, her squeals and screeches only increasing in volume as she cums again and again and again around his pistoning prick. For his part, Izuku feels like he’s on a mission. Maybe to make his dad’s death worth it? Or maybe to take out all of this bottled-up angst on the woman that he’d sacrificed his father for.
 
Nana Shimura… she was a beauty, a treasure that Izuku would be sure to cherish for the rest of his life. And there was no doubt about it, she was all fucking his. Leaning forward, mounting her properly and molding his muscular, toned, chiseled body to her back, Izuku reaches around Nana and grabs hold of her breasts, giving them harsh squeezes and kneading them in his hands as she moans throatily and experiences another explosive orgasm around his cock.
 
“You belong to me… but you can’t let anyone else know that. I’m going to need you to put that brain of yours to use sooner rather than later. I want you to get back to tip top shape as quickly as possible. I want… I want you to try to get a job here at UA.”
 
As he speaks, Izuku is using one of his Quirks to stimulate Nana’s mind. He’s not sure how damaged his father truly left the woman, but at the very least, she’s still capable of speech. And so, he’s going to bring back as much of Nana as possible, trusting in his father’s work to leave her still loyal to him all the same.
 
“I… nnngh, I can do that, Master~”
 
A wide grin spreads across Izuku’s face at hearing that from her lips. Nuzzling into the older woman’s neck, he picks up the pace, fucking her even harder, much to her moaning delight. Finally, with a hoarse groan, Izuku cums inside of Nana, filling her with his seed. It’s only after he’s done so that the realization hits him that he might knock her up. He pauses for a second, even considering sterilizing his cum inside of her with one of his many Quirks… but no, he holds off and runs his hands down from her breasts to her abdomen instead, imagining what it would be like if she grew heavy with his child.
 
A life for a life. His father was dead… so Izuku would have to make sure to have at least one son with Nana Shimura to make it truly worth it. To make it an equivalent trade…
 
-x-X-x-
 
As the Principal of UA, Nezu was of course quite aware of the things that went on in his school. Unfortunately, due to pesky privacy laws, he wasn’t allowed to put cameras in certain places, such as the bathrooms and the guest quarters on campus. Irritating, to say the least, but it was what it was. Nezu wasn’t a pervert by any means, he was a sadist. At the end of the day, he did his job to the best of his abilities in spite of the restrictions placed upon his position.
 
Which meant, of course, that he knew when Nana Shimura left her quarters and snuck into Izuku Midoriya’s. It was a little surprising, given that he’d been expecting Young Midoriya to be the one to sneak out and go somewhere, if there was going to be any sneaking. But no, by all accounts, Izuku had not moved from his bed. Nana though…
 
Well, the Principal of UA had already made note of Nana Shimura’s infatuation with Izuku Midoriya. It wasn’t hard to figure it out, wasn’t hard to notice it when they’d all been brought in. Getting the two of them apart had been a chore in and of itself, with Nana not wanting to leave Young Midoriya’s side at first. As her savior, she’d apparently fixated on the boy. This in and of itself was not unusual.
 
Really, it wasn’t exactly Nezu’s place to get in between them. Or, since Izuku would almost certainly be going to UA in the Fall, perhaps it was. Hm, the Principal would have to keep an eye on the situation. He shouldn’t allow anything to manifest… but at the same time, tearing them apart entirely and keeping Nana away from her savior could result in massive setbacks in her recovery.
 
To be fair, Nezu was not a licensed psychologist. He was a hobbyist when it came to understanding and manipulating the human psyche. Perhaps having Nana meet with an actual psychiatrist was in order, before anything else was decided.
 
Setting those two aside for now, Nezu looks down at the papers all over his desk. Personnel files, in actuality. As it so happened, this year was going to be interesting for more reasons than one. The Faculty at UA was due for a shake up, it would seem… a massive one. Nezu had lost several teachers to retirement or a desire to return to full time hero work, all at once.
 
If he didn’t know any better, he’d say there was a conspiracy at work here. Ah, of course, he DID know better. There was a conspiracy at work… but unfortunately, try as he might, Nezu hadn’t managed to get to the bottom of it. His best working theory had something to do with All For One, but he found himself struggling to connect the dots. Why would that villain work so hard to make this happen? Why would that man, now dead by his own son’s hands, work this hard to give Nezu such a fucking headache?
 
No matter. The fact was, Nezu had no other options. UA’s faculty changes were practically set in stone at this point, with every attempt by the animal Principal stymied by outside forces. In this case, he just had to live with the situation as it was…
 
And to be fair, not all of it was bad news across the board…
 
Recovery Girl, for instance, was, in spite of her name, getting on in the years. There was no getting around it, even if humans aged slower than him, they still aged. Chiyo Shuzenji might have fit her moniker of ‘The Youthful Heroine: Recovery Girl’ once upon a time, but these days she was better suited for the title of ‘Recovery Granny’. Not that Nezu would ever call her that to her face. Even he had his limits…
 
Regardless, through some circumstances that, once again, he was still trying to unravel, Recovery Girl had finally deigned to take on Nursing Assistants. This year, she would be assisted by, as well as training, the three female members of the Wild, Wild Pussycats. It was such a shame what had happened to their male member, Tiger. But in the end, his loss seemed to have galvanized Mandalay, Ragdoll, and Pixie-Bob, prompting the three female Pro Heroes to take an extended sabbatical from hero work and instead learn medicine and healing at the feet of the greatest healer their country had ever had.
 
That, unfortunately, was probably the best of the faculty changes Nezu was dealing with. Mostly because it wasn’t a ‘change’ at all, but rather, simply an addition to the already existing faculty in the form of three Nursing Assistants. Alas, the rest were outright substitutions, even if some were as good if not better than their previous counterparts.
 
Present Mic would be replaced as English Teacher by the spunky, new and upcoming heroine, Amplifier. Cementoss, the Modern Literature Teacher, would be replaced by Cow Lady. Ectoplasm, their Mathematics Teacher, was stepping down and his former class would instead be helmed by Ms. Joke. Finally, Hound Dog had left this position as Guidance Counselor. Thankfully, Nezu had been able to snatch up a young woman named Fuyumi Todoroki.

And yes, he knew all about her and some of the Todoroki Family’s situation. Unfortunately, even the Principal of UA couldn’t do much about how the Second Highest Ranking Pro Hero ran his home… not without someone reaching out to him for help. As it stood, Fuyumi Todoroki’s youngest sister, the inheritor of both her father and mother’s fire and ice quirks, would likely be attending UA this year.
 
The hope was that, with two of the Todoroki’s under one roof, maybe they would finally reach out to him… and he could take action without being seen as heavy handed or overstepping his authority as Principal.
 
Regardless, while that was most of the classes taken care of, there were still a few more that needed to be decided. In terms of Heroics Teachers, Snipe had stepped down to be replaced by Lady Nagant, the latter finally retiring after a stellar heroics career and taking up the long-standing job offer, she’d had with UA. But the problem there was, Yoshinori was supposed to be taking the other Heroics Teacher spot as All Might.
 
Nezu suspected he would not be capable of doing so now, and that a solution would have to be found to handle that particular problem. A replacement for All Might though… who the hell was good enough to fill such big shoes? Even diminished as he’d been in recent years, the man was still Japan’s Number One Pro Hero for a reason.
 
Setting aside that issue for the time being however, Nezu focuses on his other problem. Namely, who to put in charge of Class 1-A and Class 1-B. He had options, as it turned out. Surprising ones at that. Namely, he had three female Pro Heroes who all had signed on to be faculty members this year, and yet hadn’t been assigned specific positions just yet.
 
Mirko the Rabbit Hero, Ryukyu the Dragoon Hero, and Mt. Lady the Mineyama Hero. All had differing reasons for taking their sabbaticals from hero work, but the fact of the matter was, all of them needed a place, and Nezu believed that they all had the most potential for being good, solid homeroom teachers. After all, UA’s homeroom teachers were a fair bit more important than most homeroom teachers.
 
The only question left was, who did he put in charge of Class 1-A? Obviously, the other two would end up as Class 1-B and a floater respectively. Or maybe he’d assign two teachers to Class 1-B. He was always being accused of favoritism regarding Class 1-A, after all…
 
Regardless, it was a decision that had to be made, one way or another.
Chapter 4: Recommendation Exam
Chapter Text

With a shrug, Nezu pulls out a coin and flips it several times, mentally tabulating the results in his head. After a moment, the Principal goes ahead and write down Mirko as Class 1-A’s teacher, Ryukyu as Class 1-B’s teacher, and Mt. Lady as the floater, respectively. With that dilemma solved, the nonhuman nods in satisfaction and continues on with his paperwork.

 

The next year of school was just around the corner after all, and with All Might out of commission and an almost entirely new faculty, Nezu knew he had his work cut out for him. But that was okay. After all, what were U.A.’s words? Plus Ultra. Plus Ultra indeed…

 

-x-X-x-

 

The day had finally arrived, albeit in a way that Izuku had to admit he hadn’t expected. He had thought he was going to be taking the U.A. Entrance Exam alongside all of the other students who had applied. It was what All Might had wanted, after all… but in this case, what All Might wanted didn’t seem to really matter anymore. Izuku’s former mentor was currently recovering from a bit of a medical emergency. The shock to his system, finding out that Nana was alive all this time and in the clutches of their great enemy, had very nearly been enough to kill the Symbol of Peace.

 

Luckily, he wasn’t dead, or Izuku would have felt at least a little guilty. But it did mean that All Might was no longer really in charge of him… and in fact, things might have gotten a bit more difficult for Izuku, if not for one simple fact. He had Nana batting for him. His order to Nana Shimura to try and get a job at U.A. had led to almost immediate results. She hadn’t had the reputation she once had for nothing, it would seem.

 

Obviously, the fact that she’d passed on her Quirk to her successor many, many years before left her a shadow of her former self in terms of power. She was a shadow of her former self in other ways as well thanks to the things Izuku’s father had done to her. But despite all of that, when given a task Nana Shimura couldn’t help but excel.

 

She’d managed to convince Nezu to hire her on to replace All Might as one of the year’s Heroics Teachers, and then she’d gone a step further, leveraging her new position and influence to get Izuku into the Recommendation Entrance Exam. Unlike the normal Entrance Exam, the Recommendation Entrance Exam was a test given only to the most exceptional middle school students with outstanding references.

 

Clearly, if Nana could make this happen, Yagi could have as well. All Might had obviously had his reasons for not supporting Izuku fully in spite of giving him his Quirk. But what those reasons were, Izuku couldn’t have said. After all, it wasn’t like Yagi was in any state to chat right now. He may or may not ask him later… in the end, did it really matter anyways?

 

With Nana’s backing, Izuku had been a shoo-in for the Recommendation Entrance Exam. So, here he was, along with the rest of the elite students, those with strong Quirks and even stronger personalities. Honestly, he was a little surprised that SHE wasn’t there… but that didn’t stop Izuku from cataloging everyone he saw anyways.

 

Or rather, he found himself most drawn to the girls. He was a teenage boy, give him a break. Still, there were at least three young women who Izuku couldn’t help but surreptitiously check out as they all waited for the written portion of the exam to get underway.

 

One was someone he recognized immediately. It was impossible not to know who Shouko Todoroki was, especially for someone obsessed with Quirks like him. It helped that his father had made sure he was always stocked up with the best forms of information when it came to Pro Heroes and their children, his eventual peers.

 

Shouko Todoroki was the youngest daughter of the current Number Two Pro Hero in all of Japan, Endeavor. Given All Might’s rapidly worsening condition, it was likely that Endeavor would soon be Number One. Would that be enough to make the perfectionist of a man happy? Would that be enough to perhaps cause a change of heart within him?

 

Sadly, Izuku didn’t think it would. The man was driven and not in a good way. It was one thing to want the best for yourself but living in All Might’s shadow for so long had ruined Endeavor’s drive. He’d become convinced that he himself could never be good enough… and to be fair, he was right. Oh sure, Endeavor would soon be Number One, but even if the information was kept from the public somehow, the Pro Hero himself would know he’d only ever taken the spot because All Might had finally slipped and stumbled, not because Endeavor had managed to surpass his longtime rival.

 

Knowing he would never be good enough to beat All Might in his prime had led Endeavor to some questionable life choices, like an under the table, technically illegal Quirk marriage. Said Quirk marriage had resulted in several children, one of whom was Shouko Todoroki… the only success, if you wanted to be exceptionally callous about things.

 

The girl, with half her hair white and half her hair red, was quiet and withdrawn as she sat off in a corner, waiting for the exam to begin. Izuku figured she probably wouldn’t appreciate his company, but he was half-tempted to approach her anyways. With the number of Quirks, he had at his disposal, he had a good chance of worming his way through any crack in her armor after all… assuming one existed.

 

But first, he lets his eyes wander. After all, she wasn’t the only girl in the room to catch his attention.

 

Momo Yaoyorozu. The Heiress to a vast fortune built on the back of an incredibly famous hero family who had leveraged their fame into a multi-billion dollar international company, rather than focusing on ranking as Endeavor had. Momo and Shouko were similar in that they’d both grown up in homes with incredibly high expectations, but other than that, their lives couldn’t be more different.

 

After all, Momo was an only child and from what Izuku knew, she’d grown up… sheltered, with very little in the way of friends. Her Quirk was certainly an impressive one. Perhaps not as powerful as the successful combination of Ice and Fire Quirks like Shouko’s, but still incredibly versatile. The ability to create any non-living thing from her exposed skin was really quite spectacular.

 

More so, even, when you found out that she needed to understand the molecular structure of whatever she was making before she made it, forcing her to be very well researched and very well learned indeed to make her Quirk as versatile and powerful as possible.

 

She was currently being chatted up by another student, who was talking her ear off about this or that while she just plastered an uncomfortable smile on her face and let him speak. Izuku could tell though, it wasn’t because she was socially inept that she was letting it happen… it was because she was the kind of girl who liked to make other people happy if she could, even at the expense of her own happiness.

 

She was almost certainly a natural leader, on top of being the sort of person who could get very dedicated to her goals. It made sense, given what Izuku knew about her past and her likely future. She was going to inherit the family fortune one day after all, and that… that was a LOT of money, from what he understood.

 

Of course, last but not least, there was Setsuna Tokage. In comparison to powerhouses like Shouko and Momo, Setsuna might not have seemed like much. The girl wasn’t from a rich family, nor did she have a parent incredibly high in the Pro hero rankings. Rather, she’d gotten here, to the Recommendation Exam, for one reason and one reason only… she had a strong Quirk and a stronger personality.

 

Her recommendations all came from her middle school rather than her personal life. With a Quirk like hers, it wasn’t all that surprising. But even still, Izuku had to be impressed by the girl behind the Quirk as well. After all, the ability to split oneself into multiple pieces and move at high speeds with them was incredible. To say nothing of it’s combat applications, it also allowed her to effectively levitate and fly, which was awesome.

 

On top of that, she could regenerate, though from his father’s reports, this was very taxing on her. But still, she was incredibly powerful, and likely knew it too. Her determination to leverage her Quirk into that of a Pro Hero career is what had led her here, after all, to the Recommendation Entrance Exam.

 

Before Izuku can consider approaching any of the three girls, there’s a sudden noise at the front of the large room and he finds his eyes drawn there along with everyone else’s.

 

“Settle down everyone, settle down. You-! Huh… you were all already being pretty quiet, I suppose. Hehe, my bad!”

 

Izuku’s first thought is that the young woman at the front of the room is pretty cute. His second thought is one tinged with suspicion. Izuku… Izuku is NOT stupid. Why was Amplifier, a Pro Hero, standing in front of them?

 

“Some of you might not have heard the news, but Present Mic has officially retired from his position as U.A. Faculty. I’ve been hired on in his place. My name is Amplifier, and if you all make it into U.A. this year, I’ll be your English Teacher!”

 

… This had his father’s fingerprints all over it. His dad… he hadn’t done something to Present Mic, had he?

 

“Anyways, on with the show! Everyone please have a seat and get ready for the written exam!”

 

Right. He couldn’t dwell on that right now. He had a test to take and ace. There was no doubt in Izuku’s mind that he would do well, but that was still absolutely no excuse for fucking up in any way. And so Izuku sits down while all of the other students who’d gotten in on recommendation take their seats as well. The tests, along with some pencils, are swiftly passed out.

 

Izuku immediately gets to work… and has no problem at all with the content of the written portion of the exam. He doesn’t even have to use any of the numerous Intelligence-Enhancing Quirks he currently has at his disposal. This shit is easy, stuff that he already knew, and as he finishes up the exam, he’s feeling pretty good about himself… until he stands up along with half of the other recommended students and is swiftly reminded that he’s in a place where exceptional is normal.

 

Reminding himself that he’s got a lot more going for him than just being exceptional, Izuku gets in line with the rest of the students who finished early. There are still plenty more who are continuing to work on the written exam, though those students tend to be the bigger, beefier ones. The jocks of the recommended group, if you will.

 

Certainly, all three of the girls that Izuku had noticed earlier had definitely already finished, and by the time he gets up to the front desk where Amplifier is sitting with a gobsmacked look on her face, all three of those young ladies have already gone out the door.

 

“W-Wow. I guess there’s a reason you guys are the recommended students. Alright, um… well, there’s still another thirty minutes left in the written portion of the exam, and then a thirty minute break between that and the physical exam as well. So, I guess you’ve got an hour to do what you like with! Rest up if you want, or maybe grab a snack! Either way, just be sure to be on the field in an hour or you might end up getting disqualified, no matter how well you did on the written exam!”

 

Izuku nods at that as he hands in his test and flashes Amplifier a grin. The young woman is certainly a looker. She was a tall woman, with short honey brown hair and matching brown eyes. Her hero costume, meanwhile, consisted of a pink cropped jacket with puffy sleeves and a tight, form-fitting navy blue cropped top underneath. Completing the somewhat sexy ensemble is the matching pink miniskirt and the dark purple shorts just under it.

 

With a pink star painted below her left eye, she definitely ticked all of the checkboxes for being a loud and in your face kind of Pro Hero… and Izuku couldn’t help but be attracted to her, which was probably the point.

 

Hm, with an entire hour to kill, he had options in front of him, as Izuku saw it. Striding out of the large room, he uses an investigative Quirk that immediately lets him track exactly where Shouko Todoroki, Momo Yaoyorozu, and Setsuna Tokage all went. It seems they all went off in different directions even, heading off on their own to seek some privacy.

 

That was perfect, if he wanted to try chatting any of them up. Alternatively… he could wait thirty minutes and try to chat Amplifier up instead. The Pro Hero turned English Teacher might not be too hard to get to know better, but admittedly he would only have half the time with her that he would the others, and it was entirely possible she would be annoyed with him for interrupting her break.

 

Of course, Izuku had a lot of Quirks to make sure she was LESS annoyed with him, if it ultimately came down to it… but the question was, did he want to risk it? Better still, did he want to risk it with anyone? Hm, he might have gotten into the Recommended Entrance Exam, sure, but he COULD technically still fail here.

 

He still wanted to approach one of those three girls, or maybe Amplifier, even if there was some risk attached to it. Maybe nothing would happen, maybe it wouldn’t amount to anything, but Izuku wanted to make friends. He wanted… he wanted allies going into the coming school year, beyond just the stalwart and loyal follower he had in Nana Shimura.

 

If he was going to do this, he needed to decide soon, however. Who should he try and talk to? Shouko Todoroki? Momo Yaoyorozu? Setsuna Tokage? Or go for broke and try and chat up Amplifier once the written exam was finished? Or… none of them, and just focus on passing this whole thing with flying colors. He could, after all, always get to know any and all of them later on, once he’d secured his place in UA…
Chapter 5: Momo Yaoyorozu
Chapter Text

Honestly, out of all of the options… there was only one real choice, wasn’t there? Oh sure, Izuku wanted to eventually make inroads with all of these girls, and he definitely wanted a good relationship with Amplifier as one of his future teachers. But Momo Yaoyorozu stood a head above the rest by sheer virtue of being a highly capable, incredibly rich young heiress.
 
It helped that she was also beautiful, but then all three of the girls were cute, each in their own way. Which made the decision of which to spend the hour with something that came down solely to their nonphysical attributes. And so Izuku made his way after Momo, using the Quirk that had allowed him to initially locate her tracks to slowly but surely hunt her down.
 
He finds her in an out of the way corner on a bench, eating a rather large sub sandwich. Blinking at the sight of it, Izuku is taken aback for a moment, wondering where Momo was even hiding something like that. In the meantime, the girl realizes he’s there and freezes up briefly before chewing and swallowing so she can offer him a nervous smile and a wave.
 
“Um… hello?”
 
Rallying swiftly enough, Izuku’s quick mind manages to put two and two together. He is, after all, something of a Quirk Analyst at heart. Momo Yaoyozoru’s Quirk, as he well knows, is that of Creation. More importantly to this moment in time, it forces her to eat a lot more than your average girl so that she always has extra fat cells in order to be able to produce things from her skin.
 
Of course, that’s not to say that Momo is fat by any means. Rather, she’s just more filled out in a lot of pleasing ways then most other girls their age, her Quirk and her eating habits both counteracting one another to make her a beautiful and curvaceous young woman.
 
Gracing her with a broad smile, Izuku waves back as he steps closer.
 
“Hey there, I’m Izuku Midoriya. I couldn’t help noticing that you finished early, and I thought I’d see if you wanted to hang out! Since we’re both going to be at U.A. and all, it makes sense to make friends now, right?”
 
Momo blinks and then lets out startled laugh at that, grinning slightly as the remnants of shyness and any awkward feelings about his approach rapidly fade away.
 
“Wow, you’re that confident that we’ll get in?”

Despite her question, it’s almost obvious from the heiress’ tone that she doesn’t actually have any worry in her about failing the Exam, either the Written that they just completed or the Practical that they’ll be doing next. Instead, it seems clear to Izuku that she’s more saying what she thinks she’s expected to say, acting all demure and trying to be humble rather than displaying the self-confidence Izuku can see lurking just under the surface.
 
This is a girl who’s just brimming with a surety in her own abilities that will probably honestly carry her pretty far as a Pro Hero. In fact, the more Izuku observes of her, the more he thinks she would be here with him now taking the Recommendation Exam even if she didn’t come from a wealthy family.
 
“Of course! I mean, we already made it to this Exam on our own merits, right? So long as we don’t slack off, there’s no way we can fail, right? You’re certainly going to give it your all, aren’t you?”
 
Straightening up, Momo’s face grows a bit more serious as she nods at his words.
 
“Yes!”
 
“Then neither of us have anything to worry about. We already aced the Written Exam. All that’s left is to kick the Practical’s ass.”
 
The smile on Momo’s face has only grown from his words, and Izuku can see he’s had quite the effect on her. She shifts a little and pats the bench at her side, so he grins and takes the spot being offered to him, sitting down next to her as she returns to eating her sub sandwich. Looking at him sidelong, Momo chews and swallows again before asking the obvious.
 
“So, Izuku Midoriya… just who are you, huh?”
 
Letting out a light, sheepish laugh, Izuku rubs the back of his head with his hand and begins to tell her. Of course, all of it… it’s not so much an act per say, as it’s carefully curated. Rather, Izuku isn’t willing to leave anything to chance when it comes to this, his first attempt at making a friend who will be with him for the rest of his years at U.A.
 
He needs this to go well. He needs… he needs his father’s sacrifice to not be in vein. All For One had made ‘friends’ by holding power over people’s head. Via blackmail, Quirk use, and all sorts of dastardly, evil actions, his father had made a criminal empire spanning all of Japan that had lasted over a hundred years.
 
Izuku wasn’t looking to be a criminal though. He wasn’t planning on becoming a villain, not ever. He was going to be a Pro Hero, and with both his fathers’ hundreds of Quirks and All Might’s One For All, he figured he had the best chance of anyone to do exactly that. To that end though, Izuku knew one thing was for certain… he needed to get in close with the right people and build a group of likeminded heroic folks around him.
 
Momo Yaoyorozu had the honor of being his very first pick. Technically, Nana Shimura had come first, but she wasn’t so much chosen by him as foisted upon him. Not that Izuku minded the foisting one bit, mind you. Nana was… she was really important to him, and always would be. Momo though, Momo had her own value.
 
So yes, Izuku was using his Quirks on her. Nothing so direct or evil as Mind Control or Hypnosis or anything like that though. Yes, he DID have Quirks that could do that sort of thing. But he would never use them to make friends like he was doing right now. Not only was direct mental influence like that flimsy and prone to failure, leaving him exposed and ruined before he’d even started at U.A., but also Izuku wanted to build something real with Momo.

That didn’t stop him from stacking the deck in his favor though. A voice Quirk to tune his voice like a musical instrument until Momo was unconsciously leaning in as he spoke, quite literally hanging off of his every word. A muscle control Quirk that allowed him to properly regulate his posture and even his facial muscles at all times, so he never inadvertently came across as two aggressive, and his face was always the same casual cheery look to put her at ease.
 
Even a light sweat Quirk that produced the equivalent of a very nice smelling, completely natural sort of cologne scent, causing Momo to shift subconsciously closer to him, drawn in by his ‘natural’ musk. Izuku was pulling out all the stops for this, not wanting to leave anything to chance. Momo was going to be his first real friend in this world, after an entire lifetime of bullying. She was going to- Wait, why was she kissing him?!
 
Cut off in the middle of a heavily edited recounting of how he managed to catch the eye of some seriously high ranking Pro Heroes in order to get into the Recommendation Exam in the first place, Izuku is actually rather unprepared for Momo, who had by now finished her sandwich, to suddenly lean over and lay a big fat smooch on his lips, cutting him off.
 
Stunned into silence, Izuku can only stare at her as the raven-haired heiress pulls back and blushes, fiddling with her skirt nervously.
 
“S-Sorry. I just… um, s-sorry.”
 
She stands and moves to leave, but Izuku stops her, grabbing her by the wrist and pulling her back down to his side. Before she can say or do anything else, he kisses her back. Nothing too deep, nothing tongue-filled… just a chaste kiss to answer a chaste kiss, pulling back and giving her a soft smile as he shakes his head.
 
“I didn’t mind.”
 
Momo smiles back at him with blinding brightness. Clearly, he’d misjudged the sheer strength of the show he was putting on. The combination of half a dozen Quirks he was using to make himself more appealing had apparently given him some serious Charisma, and Momo, being as confident a person as she was, hadn’t been able to help herself.
 
Now they were sitting there on the bench, his hand still in hers, looking at each other with looks of wonder on their faces. Momo’s wonder is very clearly stating ‘I can’t believe I just did that, or that you kissed me back. Is this what falling in love is like?’. Meanwhile, Izuku’s wonder is a bit more… obtuse. It’s more like ‘Wow, I had no idea I could so easily seduce girls like this. I wonder how far I can take this…’
 
To that end, Izuku leans in and gives Momo another kiss… one that she returns, leaning eagerly into his touch. There’s nothing chaste about what they’re doing this time around. Their lips press against one another with a certain level of inexperienced enthusiasm. Izuku’s tongue ends up slipping along Momo’s teeth for a moment before she opens wide and lets him have full access to her mouth. Both of their tongues end up entangled as the two young people kiss one another, moaning into each other’s mouths and exploring the act of kissing.
 
Of course, even though Izuku was practically as inexperienced at kissing as Momo was, he still had Quirks to fall back on. Like that muscle control Quirk, as well as a few Quirks that gave him advanced mental processing. This in turn allowed him to quickly figure out what sort of kissing Momo liked best. He would take what she responded to the most and replicate it. Rather than having to fumble around like the teenage boy he was, Izuku was soon kissing like a damn champ and Momo… Momo clearly wasn’t sure what to do about it, mewling and panting noisily into his mouth as they swapped spit for what felt like an eternity.
 
When they finally pull apart however, Izuku glances at his watch and sees that they really weren’t kissing, or talking, for all that long at all. They still had over thirty minutes left before they were needed back for the Physical part of the Exam. That said…
 
“I want… I want to do something for you, Momo. Is that alright?”
 
“Um, a-ah… s-sure?”
 
As confident as Momo presented herself to be, as full of self-certainty as she clearly was, she was still obviously a virgin young woman with all the lack of sexual experience that entailed. Izuku could probably have pushed for her to get on her knees and blow him right then and there, or even taken her virginity and she would have gone along with it. But he wanted to do something different… he wanted to firmly entrench himself in Momo’s mind as the kind of guy she could always go to.
 
And so, it’s Izuku who slides off of the bench and onto his knees. It’s Momo who stares down at him as he flips up her skirt, giving her a comforting grin, and slowly pulls her panties to the side. And it’s also Momo who lets out a startled, throaty moan when Izuku leans forward and slides his tongue along her moist, wet slit right then and there.
 
“I-Izuku!”
 
But he doesn’t stop there, even as he catalogs the salty taste of her slightly sweaty quim. His tongue pushes into her and he stares up at her challengingly, almost daring her to tell him to stop as he begins to put his Quirks to use in making him the best damn Cunnilingus expert in the whole fucking world. Okay, so maybe he’s not going to get that good instantly or anything like that.
 
But he doesn’t have to be the best in the world… he just had to be good enough to impress Momo Yaoyorozu. Judging by the way her eyes widen and her pupils dilate as she’s forced to cover her mouth with her hand to contain her moans and squeals, he’s doing a pretty damn good job. Her other hand comes down atop his head and her fingers lace through Izuku’s hair, gripping tightly as she gasps and shudders, bucking her hips up into his face.
 
Eyes twinkling, Izuku brings his own hands down to rest on Momo’s thighs and grips them tightly, giving them a healthy squeeze that makes her tense up in response. She remains frozen and Izuku stays in control, his tongue working its way in and out of her depths swiftly and energetically. He eats out the raven-haired heiress right there on the bench, where anyone could walk around the corner and see him on his knees and Momo with her skirt up and her panties pulled to the side.
 
And he enjoys doing it too. Not just because the taste of her quim isn’t half bad, but because he can see how good he’s making Momo feel. He can see how he’s etching the experience of his tongue on her folds securely into her mind. And so, he works and works, until eventually Momo can’t hold it back anymore. She squeals and proceeds to orgasm right then and there upon is tongue.
 
Izuku is easily able to deal with the mess, using a Quirk to make sure her squirting pussy juices never make it further than his tongue. Rather than getting her sexual fluids all over his chin and probably his shirt, he pulls away from the flustered, panting form of Momo completely clean, a wicked grin on his lips as he sits down next to her and takes her hand in his again, giving it a squeeze.
 
“Sorry, but I guess I just wanted to express my feelings for you properly. You’re really cool, Momo…”
 
“T-That was… I d-didn’t know that c-could feel so good. U-Um… I didn’t think I’d meet someone like you quite s-so soon.”
 
Izuku raises an eyebrow at that.
 
“Hm? Someone like me?”
 
Blushing profusely all the way down to the top of her chest, Momo is the one who slips off of the bench now and kneels between his legs.
 
“… Someone worth doing t-this for…”
 
As she reaches for his pants and begins to pull out his cock, Izuku recognizes exactly what ‘this’ is going to be. Rather than pushing for her to give him a blowjob, he’s made Momo feel like she should give him one, all of her own volition. She’s about to return the favor, basically. Oral for oral. A glance at the clock shows they DO have about twenty minutes left. A blowjob is definitely on the table.
 
The only question is, does Izuku want to push for more after all? Perhaps a quick warmup blowjob, and then he pushes for actual sex? Or should he just stick to the blowjob? Or maybe he could leave Momo wanting more, leave her feeling needy, and end things here with the excuse that they might be late to the Physical Exam otherwise?
 
One way or the other, she’s currently gathering up the courage to take him in her mouth, so it’s time for Izuku to make a decision and fast.
Chapter 6: Recommendation Exam Pt. 2
Chapter Text

He lets her get his cock in her hands and watches her nostrils flare as she drinks in his Quirk-Enhanced Musk… and then he stops her with a shake of his head and a smile.
 
“While I really appreciate the thought, we should actually get back… time is ticking, and I don’t think either of us wants to miss out on the other half of our exam…”
 
Blinking owlishly, Momo looks taken aback, even as Izuku gently takes his obviously throbbing shaft out of her hands and tucks it back in. When he offers her a hand to help her up off of her knees, she takes it but still looks absolutely baffled, eyes darting between his face and his crotch.
 
“A-Are you sure? I… you just helped me relax so much! The least I could do is-!”
 
Placing a finger against her lips, Izuku cuts her off with a cheesy, somewhat cheeky smile.
 
“Hey, this was never a transaction. Honestly, we moved really fast there… I’m just glad I didn’t scare you away, Momo. I want us to be friends… and I’m sure there will be more opportunities for us to hang out going forward, yeah?”
 
With that, he knows he has her. In fact, he can tell that she almost has to hold herself back from opening her mouth and taking his finger past her lips right then and there. Such a confident, self-assured young woman… but not when it came to this sort of thing. Not when it came to sex. He’d just rocked her world with his tongue, and now he wasn’t even giving her a chance to reciprocate.
 
As he pulls his finger away from her lips, she almost seems to subconsciously lean forward before catching herself. Blushing and stuttering in an uncharacteristic manner, the gorgeous heiress shifts from foot to foot and eventually nods.
 
“Y-Yeah. I’d like that… I’d like that a lot.”
 
Izuku just grins and then offers her his hand again, something she takes. With their fingers intertwined, they walk together towards the field where the Physical Section of the Recommendation Entrance Exam would be held. If Momo wonders how he knows where to go without asking anyone first, she doesn’t bring it up. Instead, she lets him hold her hand all the way there, only pulling away when they get in view of other people.
 
Izuku doesn’t hold it against her though. He’s definitely made in roads with the gorgeous young woman, that’s for sure. At the end of the day, that was really all he wanted. This was the start of his career as a Pro Hero, after all. Even if he wasn’t even a student at U.A. yet, it didn’t really matter. He was all but guaranteed to become one, at which point he would be well on his way to achieving his goals.
 
They’re not the first ones to the field, most likely on account of what they’d been doing together, but they are still relatively early. Early enough that he could definitely have gotten a blowjob from Momo and still showed up on time if he wanted to. But this was fine too. Izuku takes in those that got there before the two of them and sees Shouko Todoroki and Setsuna Tokage among them.
 
The rest, along with Amplifier, all show up soon after and once they’re all there, Amplifier speaks up from the front.
 
“Alright kids, gather around! It’s time for the Practical Exam!”
 
Once she’s sure that she has everyone’s attention, Amplifier continues on, a big smile on her cute young face.
 
“The way this will work is simple! You’ve all given numbers at this point in time. The physical part of the test will be a race between six of you at a time along a three-kilometer long obstacle course. Quirk Use is not only allowed but definitely ENCOURAGED. We want to see the best of the best do your best, so don’t hold back even a LITTLE!”
 
Izuku can see the way Amplifier’s words (and her choice use of her Quirk, Yell) are pumping up the others. For him personally though, he knows he has to be careful here. Not too careful… but careful enough. If he used everything he had, well, this would be a cakewalk. But it would also raise even more questions than had already been raised.
 
He had a plan for the eventuality that his ability to hoard and use multiple Quirks like his father was discovered. He would feign ignorance and claim that when he killed All-For-One, he hadn’t understood what was happening… but that it made sense, since he’d been feeling a lot more powerful.
 
There was no reason to pull out that excuse too early, however. Right now, he could pass off plenty of his Quirks as simply parts of One For All, while at the same time using some of his other more subtle Quirks for social engineering and seduction purposes as he had with Momo Yaoyorozu.
 
And so, as Izuku lines up alongside five of the other student hopefuls and gets ready to race, he’s very much not planning on doing his best. That doesn’t mean he doesn’t want to excel, however. In his group of six are both Momo and Setsuna, as well as three young men that he doesn’t know or recognize off of the top of his head.
 
He doesn’t need to recognize them to know their Quirks though, and what he sees… there’s some strength among them. After all, both Setsuna and Momo’s Quirks are very powerful in their own right. But nothing that Izuku is all that worried about.
 
Once they’re all in position, Amplifier steps forward and brings a whistle to her lips.
 
“Alright everyone! On my mark! Ready! Set! GO!”
 
With a use of her Quirk combined with a sharp tweet from the whistle, the six of them are off. It’s not a straight shot or anything like that, but a full-blown obstacle course… and yet, to Izuku it might as well be easy as pie. Activating One For All at about thirty percent alongside the suite of Physical Enhancement Quirks that his father had personally curated to keep him from damaging his body while he was using the incredibly powerful stockpile Quirk, Izuku goes blasting down the course.
 
To their credit, the others try their best to keep up with him. But their best isn’t good enough, even with him using just thirty percent. Setsuna, out of everyone, probably does the best at keeping up with him at first, mostly because her Quirk allows her to split her body into so many different pieces and fling those pieces out from one another.
 
So, even as her feet start running back at the starting line, her entire body is bursting forward through air, extending out hundreds of feet at very high speeds. In the beginning, her fingertips are actually out ahead of him, but as soon as Izuku catches sight of the sneaky move, he puts on an extra little burst of speed… and blows past even those, blowing her out of the water as well.
 
Arriving back at the finish line quite a ways ahead of everyone else, Izuku grins as Amplifier stares at him, visibly impressed. Meanwhile, the others all show up one by one, some panting and out of breath and some not due to the nature of their Quirks. But at the end of the day, the result is the same… none of them were as fast as him. Momo blushes as he catches her eye shortly after she finishes, looking at him in wonder.
 
“W-Wow. That was…”
 
“.., Amazing.”
 
Momo is the one who starts the sentence, but it’s Setsuna who finishes it. The two girls share an indecipherable look while Izuku just grins cheekily, planting his hands on his hips. Amplifier, meanwhile, jots down their times and whistles at his.
 
“I’m fairly new to the faculty, obviously… but if that’s not a new record, I’ll eat my top…”
 
Izuku just laughs it off, scratching the back of his head sheepishly.
 
“Just… just doing my best!”
 
“That you did, that you did. Hey, what’s your name again? Never mind, I’ve got it right here. Izuku Midoriya… impressive.”
 
Izuku can’t help but grin, noticing the way that Amplifier no longer refers to him as ‘kid’ and has apparently upgraded him to an actual name in her mind. Clearly, she’s having a hard time reconciling some… feelings she’s currently experiencing with his more youthful age, heh. That’s okay though, he’ll show her that he’s mature for his age soon enough…
 
Realizing that it’s not just the two of them and that there are a lot more students to test, Amplifier coughs into her hand and jolts a bit.
 
“A-Aha, right! Well, for all of you, the next thing is, let me see here… interview! Yeah, interview. You’ll each be interviewed by a member of the School Faculty. Um, here’s the room number. Go there and wait to be called on.”
 
With nothing else to do, Izuku just takes the information down and heads into the campus building alongside the others he raced with. They’re soon in a waiting room together, the six of them, but before Izuku can start to chat up anyone and build more connections, he’s called upon almost immediately.
 
“Izuku Midoriya to Room One-O-One please.”
 
Shrugging, he heads on in… only to do a doubletake at who he sees waiting for him. Making sure the door is closed and locked behind him first, Izuku turns towards his interviewer and raises an eyebrow, planting his hands on his hips and shaking his head.
 
“Oh c’mon… this has to be a conflict of interests.”
 
Nana Shimura smiles, licks her lips… and drops to her hands and knees as she crawls forward towards him, the gorgeous dark-haired older woman making it to him in record time and swiftly extracting his cock from its confines. He’s still a little aroused from what he and Momo had been doing, though he’d used his Quirks during the Practical Exam to make his erection go away so it wouldn’t be a distraction.
 
With no reason to hold it back anymore, he lets himself spring back to full mast in Nana’s hands, making her coo as she nuzzles his cock to her heart’s content.
 
“Mm, I can be very… forceful about things I want, Master. Technically, you were to be interviewed by Midnight… but I just wanted to be sure that you would have the most optimal time.”
 
Staring down at her for a moment, Izuku grunts.
 
“Take out your tits. Wrap them around my cock while we talk.”
 
Nana doesn’t hesitate to obey him, pulling her top down until her busty chest bounces free, and then moaning as she gropes and squeezes her tits for a second before wrapping them around his cock and sliding them up and down his throbbing length. Applying a bit of spit as well to slicken things up and lubricate her cleavage for him some more, she looks up at him with nothing but devotion in her eyes.
 
As damaged as she’d been, Nana Shimura had apparently had a strong personality. She considered him her Master, she apparently couldn’t live without him… and yet she was definitely capable of making decisions for herself, now, wasn’t she?
 
Reaching out, Izuku grabs a fistful of her hair, yanking her head back rather roughly and most definitely firmly as he stares down into her eyes.
 
“… And did you stop to consider whether or not I wanted to interview with Midnight over you, Nana.”
 
Her eyes widen slightly at that, even as Izuku thrusts forward, his cockhead bumping into her chin and his shaft pistoning back and forth through the tight valley afforded by her soft, voluptuous tits.
 
“I-I…”
 
“No, you didn’t. You acted of your own accord… on your own selfish impulses, didn’t you?”
 
A bright blush spreads across Nana’s cheeks at that as she ducks her head in embarrassment and shame. Izuku knows he’s right, and not just because of that reaction. Nana Shimura… she might need a firmer leash than he originally thought. Then again, maybe she didn’t? Maybe this was just fine? Sure, she’d made him miss out on a chance to get in with Midnight early on, but at the same time he’d have all the opportunities in the world with the R-Rated Heroine later on.
 
The fact that she was even a teacher at this school still boggled Izuku’s mind, all things considered, but he wasn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth. Just like he wasn’t about to pass up on an opportunity to fuck Nana, even if she had irritated him a little bit.
 
Using his hold on her hair, Izuku repositions Nana’s head and glides his cock right into her mouth then and there, pushing deep into her waiting maw as she opens wide and lets him slip his dick past her pouty, pillowy lips.
 
Her eyes are apologetic now as they stare up at him, her hands continuing to wrap her tits around the vast majority of his cock. Izuku fucks her face and tits in unison for a good long while, staying silent as he mulls over what he’s just been told.
 
Nana had gone out of her way for him, technically. While an argument could be made that she was just being possessive and obsessive over him, having his interview with her did mean he was practically a shoo-in for U.A. The nepotism was very real and very in your face, but if Nezu had allowed this much, then there was no way Izuku wouldn’t get in now.
 
Still, one had to wonder… was it good for Nana to be making decisions for him like this? Or should he curtail her behavior here and now while he had the chance? He could forgive her, and even thank her for this opportunity… or he could admonish her further and punish her for her actions.
 
Whichever he decided, it would further cement their relationship with one another, wouldn’t it? She already called him Master, but at the same time he’d in turn had her take up a position as a Heroics Teacher here at U.A. There was an argument to be made for her needing to be able to make decisions on the fly and have a certain level of agency… but there was also an argument to be made for keeping her submissive and under his control.
 
With a grunt and a sharp exhalation of breath, Izuku begins to cum. It doesn’t take that long for him to do so after what he and Momo had done just a little while ago. His seed explodes into Nana’s mouth, and she hurriedly swallows it all down as he watches her from on high. Kneeling in front of him, the previous holder of One For All stares up at her Master, awaiting his next order, awaiting his final verdict.
 
Izuku, meanwhile, has already made a decision.
Chapter 7: Nana Shimura Pt. 2
Chapter Text

Izuku was well aware that he had a dark side to him. Call it what you will, nature or nurture. Personally, he considered it a mixture of both. His father’s shadow would always loom over him, it seemed. He was his father’s son after all, having inherited Hisashi’s love for all things Quirk-related, his insatiable drive for knowledge, and his ambitious bent.
 
On top of that, there was the nurture side of things to consider. There was no denying it, Izuku had been raised in a very specific way by his father. They were a pair of control freaks of the highest order, the both of them, and not only had Izuku inherited that controlling nature, he’d had it taught to him as well.
 
And yet… and yet, he wanted to be better. He didn’t want to be forced into the shadows, like his father was all those years ago. He wanted to be on top of the world, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t have anyone beside him. It would be a very lonely existence, if Izuku didn’t seek to correct the faults in his character now.
 
His instinct is to punish Nana for overstepping her bounds. For the briefest of moments, he tightens his grip on her hair, knowing that he’s doing so to painful levels from the barest wince on her face. But then… Izuku relaxes his hold, releasing her hair altogether. For a second, Nana slows to a stop, but when she sees the smile on his face as he gazes down on her, the beautiful buxom older woman goes back to sliding her tits up and down his cock, and gliding her mouth across his length. As she continues the titjob-blowjob combo of her own volition with no input from Izuku, he sighs and rests his hand atop her head instead.
 
“You did well, Nana. Just be careful, please. I don’t want you to get in trouble on my behalf.”
 
Pulling her mouth off of his cock with a pop, continuing to move her tits up and down his member, Nana smiles a somewhat wicked smile, her eyes dancing with delight.
 
“Of course, Master. I won’t let anyone pull us apart. And… Nezu needs me right now. With Yagi out of commission and on his last legs, the Principal can’t afford to say no to me when I ask for little things like the right to interview you personally… or when I sweep the interview room for hidden recording devices and disable them without his input.”
 
Izuku’s eyes widen at that, the young man jolting in surprise. He hadn’t even considered the idea that they might be being recorded. Stupid of him, really. But Nana just smiles and nods.
 
“It’s alright, Master. Like I said, I won’t let ANYONE pull us apart.”
 
… She’d come a long way from the comatose woman trapped in that strange Quirk-created crystal his father had had her in. Izuku figured that more and more of her original personality was asserting itself as time went on, but from the look of things, since she’d imprinted on him, her loyalty would always be to him first and foremost.
 
It likely helped that Nana Shimura was a woman out of time. Her family was gone, and her protégé was a dying, decrepit husk of a man. Izuku was the only person left for her to latch onto, and latch on she had.
 
Abruptly pulling away from his cock, Nana falls back on her haunches, adopting the pose of a crab for a moment as she spreads her thicc thighs and reaches down between them, splaying her pussy lips open to him.
 
“P-Please, Master. Please fuck me now!”
 
Well, after everything she’d done for him today, how could Izuku do anything else? Dropping to his knees before her, slapping his cock down on her wet cunt with a juicy smack, he pushes into her, sliding into her slick but tight depths with a heartfelt groan. Then, lurching forward, he grabs one of Nana’s tits and brings it to his mouth, slurping and sucking at the nipple as she squeals and shakes, cumming immediately for him.
 
Her body was so very sensitive… when he was involved. His cock, his mouth, his very touch… all of it was just too much for Nana, and the dark-haired woman was all too eager to indulge in the decadent pleasure that he represented for her. Izuku was also all too eager to indulge. He might have pushed back on some of his darkness, but this… this he couldn’t hold back from.
 
According to his father, he got this ALL from his mother. All For One was ever the analytical soul, the type to plot and plan out every single little thing. The vast majority of people were nothing more than pieces on a gameboard for him. Even Izuku’s mother had only been a means to an end. Izuku liked to think he was different, that he was special, and their final interactions definitely lent credence to that idea. But there was no changing the facts. Hisashi had been… very, very slow to love.
 
By comparison, Izuku had always been something of a people person, or at least more of one than his father. Of course, the forced isolation and rampant bullying from being thought Quirkless for much of his life had caused some issues, had led to him withdrawing inwards and turning down a more analytical path like his father. But Izuku’s true self was more empathic than that. He was more emotional and always would be.
 
He loved and when he loved, he loved deeply. He might have plans for how to best utilize Momo as an asset in the far flung future, but at the moment he’d mostly approached her because she was a cute girl who he thought had a cool Quirk. After their interaction, he found himself liking her quite a lot, and wanting to spend more time with her for the sake of such a thing.
 
Nana, meanwhile, was growing on him by the day. As he fucks into her and gnaws at her breast, the older woman cries out, cumming around his cock. And those cries, those lurid moans… they’re like music to his ears. He loves her, Izuku can’t help thinking. He loves Nana Shimura… and he doubts she’ll be the last woman he loves, by a long shot.
 
With a low grunt, Izuku proceeds to empty his balls inside of Nana, uncaring of the possible complications of doing so. He just can’t help himself… he longs to spill his seed inside of her, and so he does so. Of course, there’s the possibility of something happening because of it… or maybe not. They’ll cross that road when they get there, one way or the other, and Izuku doesn’t intend to let what may or may not be stop him from enjoying himself in the moment.
 
Still, once he’s done and Nana has recovered from her rather funny embarrassing O-face, Izuku pulls out and sits back on his ass, panting a little as he grins at her. They’re both somewhat sweaty now, covered in a thin sheen from the exertion of their… physical activities.
 
“So. Got any actual questions for me, or was that the interview?”
 
Pushing herself up into a seating position as well, Nana lets out a sheepish laugh.
 
“A-Aha, no… there actually are some questions I should probably ask you, to get your answers down for the record. But we both know you’ll answer them perfectly, at the end of the day… you’re a shoe-in, Izuku. Though technically I’m not supposed to just say that.”
 
Nana winks, even as Izuku nods and grins. To be fair, the interview portion of the Recommendation Exam was mostly a formality designed to weed out the truly mentally unstable.
 
You didn’t necessarily want to let a potential future serial killer into UA, as it were… or maybe you did, but you definitely wanted to know who had those sort of tendencies so you could try to steer them clear of such a terrible path. That was what an institution like UA did after all, taught the young and made every effort to build them up properly for life.
 
Of course, Izuku was already taught. He was already built up. In fact, he was probably going to be the most mature student in the entire school. Not that he wouldn’t gain anything by going to UA, but Izuku expected it to be more in terms of connections for his future than anything else.
 
Still, Nana was right. As they started going over the questions and she recorded down his answers, Izuku said what he knew needed to be said. That was the problem with interview tests like this one. If you were smart enough, if you knew the game being played, it was all too easy to game the system and make sure that those listening heard what they wanted to hear.
 
At the end of the day, Izuku was indeed a shoe-in for UA. It would be interesting to see who else made it in… interesting indeed to find out just who got past both the Exam he’d taken, as well as the regular Entrance Exam, the one he’d avoided by having Nana vouch for him in Yagi’s place.
 
Very interesting indeed…
 
-x-X-x-
 
“The fuck do you think you’re doing, shitty Deku?! Loitering around a place like this… don’t tell me you were thinking of sneaking in, you idiot!”
 
And there it was. Izuku had been wondering when he would be confronted by his childhood bully. Katsumi Bakugou was… well, she was supposed to be some sort of catalyst for everything he wanted to be as a hero, or something. A stepping stone, if you will, on his path to becoming Number One. Admittedly, for a long time, he’d just considered her a nuisance. Partially because… even after all this time, he still somewhat cared for her.
 
Turning to face the girl in question, Izuku lays eyes on Katsumi Bakugou for the first time since their graduation from middle school and the start of Summer Break. She looks… good in UA’s school uniform, he has to admit. The blouse and skirt combo really suit her mature body, and Izuku has to keep his eyes from dipping downward at the sight of her blouse unbuttoned near the top and showing off way too much cleavage.
 
Of course, she doesn’t make things better when she crosses her arms over her chest and glares at him angrily.
 
“I asked you a question, Deku. The fuck are you doing here, wearing that uniform? I KNOW I told you already to give up on this stupid dream!”
 
Sighing, Izuku shakes his head.
 
“I was accepted to UA, Katsumi. I passed their Recommendation Exam.”
 
That gets wide eyes from Katsumi, because even though she’d been the closest thing their school had ever had to a prodigy, the closest thing they’d ever had to a star… she pointedly had not received an invitation to participate in UA’s Recommendation Exam. No, rather, the bombastic, fiery young woman would have been forced to participate in the Entrance Exam instead.
 
… When she hadn’t seen him there, she must have assumed he’d finally given up on his dreams to join UA. In reality, he’d gone over her head, going above and beyond and getting in another way. It clearly rankles something fierce, and Katsumi’s red eyes narrow as her hands curl into fists.
 
“Don’t… don’t fuck around, you shitty Deku. You, get into the Recommendation Exam? Don’t make me laugh!”
 
And then, despite it being in front of the school they were now supposed to both be attending, despite it being in public, Katsumi tries to do what she always does when a situation confuses or perplexes her. When something doesn’t make sense, the explosive girl resorts to violence, plain and simple. Leaping forward, she aims what will obviously be an explosive punch right next to him. Not actually AT him, lest she blow a hole through him or something, but just close enough to fuck up his hearing and singe him a fair bit.
 
Izuku should know, he’s well used to experiencing her… less than tender ‘mercies’ from years and years of bullying. However, this time things are different. This time, he doesn’t actually have to hold back anymore. With a combination of Quirks backing up One For All, Izuku lashes out faster than Katsumi can make her fist explode, grabbing her hand just as her sweat ignites.
 
The explosion still happens, but only against the inside of his palm as Izuku stops her dead in her tracks and doesn’t even jolt, planting himself like a brick wall. Except, more than a brick wall, because Katsumi had enough power to go through brick walls, if she truly wanted to. Admittedly, she might have been pulling her explosion in the same way she was pulling her punch, but given he doesn’t feel anything, Izuku can’t help but smile, even as Katsumi stares at him in gobsmacked disbelief.
 
Almost immediately, she goes for another swing with her free hand. This one, is aimed directly at his face. He’s half tempted to let it hit, just to see if he can tank it… but no, he catches that hand too, and suddenly he’s holding onto both of Katsumi’s fists as she pulls against him to no avail, red eyes as wide as dinner plates.
 
“Y-You… w-what?!”
 
Leaning in close, Izuku lowers his voice to a whisper.
 
“I’ll only say this once, Katsumi. I’d really appreciate if you wouldn’t call me Deku anymore. As you can see, it’s no longer applicable.”
 
He’s trying to be kind about it. Perhaps that’s his mistake. Or perhaps… perhaps Izuku knows exactly how his soft, tender tone and kind voice will be received. Perhaps that’s why he does it anyways, just to provoke her without provoking her. Either way, Katsumi reacts exactly as he would have expected and proceeds to headbutt him, the beads of sweat on her forehead igniting. Izuku lets his own head be rocked back by the explosion, knowing full well that they’re attracting some attention by this point.
 
And yet, when the dust settles and he’s no worse for wear… no one says anything. No one tries to stop them. Katsumi is left trembling, glaring at him in disbelief as he just grins cheekily and shrugs.
 
“Bit of a late bloomer, apparently.”
 
“… N-No… No! I refuse to accept this! You… someone like you can’t be strong! You don’t have a Quirk, you’re Quirkless!”
 
“Apparently, I’m not.”
 
“S-Shut up! You and me, right now!”
 
Lifting an eyebrow, Izuku looks at where he’s still holding Katsumi by her fists.
 
“… Thought we were already doing that, Katsumi.”
 
“A proper fight! To decide our place at UA! I refuse to go to school with you, you shitty Deku! S-So duel me for it! And if I win, you go away! You leave me alone!”
 
Izuku just cocks his head to the side.
 
“And if I win?”
 
“Then I’ll go! Fuck it, whatever!”
 
“But I don’t want you to give up on your dream for me, Katsumi.”
 
“Just shut up! If you win, it’ll be whatever, got it?! Let’s do this!”
 
Sheesh, she sure was eager… and after three of her attacks on him had absolutely no effect. Was she holding back that much? Or was she just so frazzled and out of it that she wasn’t thinking straight? Honestly, could be both. Either way… Izuku better decide fast how he wanted to handle this.
 
He could go off and duel her… or he could blow her off and get to class. It’d probably make her angrier than ever though, he wasn’t sure how she would respond. Alternatively, could make plans to fight after school instead, to try and keep her from blowing up any further until then…
Chapter 8: The Quirk Apprehension Test
Chapter Text

“Fine.”
 
Katsumi’s response is a grin so savage that it makes the hairs on Izuku’s arms stand on end. He quickly continues on, wanting to avoid her starting the fight right here and right now in front of the damn school, if possible.
 
“… But not now!”
 
Stiffening up, a mulish expression immediately begins forming on Katsumi’s face, her eyes blazing with anger and irritation. Still, Izuku doesn’t let it get to him. Put bluntly, he never had. Acting the part back in middle school of a Quirkless loser who got bullied by his classmates had all been part of his and All for One’s plan.
 
Being a ‘nobody’ who then went on to save lives and show that he had the real heart of a hero beating in his chest had been the whole idea from the get-go. While All Might came across as a boisterous, over the top man who wasted no time with the small things in life, the truth couldn’t be further from that reality. Izuku’s father had known that All Might would run an expansive and thorough background check on Izuku once he finally caught the Number One Pro Hero’s eye.
 
Izuku had spent his entire life preparing for that background check. He’d toiled for years to create a public persona and paper trail that wouldn’t ping any alarms or raise any red flags. But that didn’t mean he’d actually ever feared Katsumi or his other bullies. And he certainly wasn’t afraid of her NOW.
 
“If we’re not only late to class, but they find out it was because we were fighting, we’ll BOTH be kicked out of UA. I’m not going to let that happen… so we’ll meet in the park after school and settle this there, alright?”
 
Knowing precisely how much of a hot head Katsumi is, and really needing her to listen to him here, Izuku does not avoid bringing the same social quirks he used on Momo to bear. This time however, he’s not trying to smooth talk or infatuate the girl he’s speaking with, he’s merely trying to make her listen, trying to get her to see reason.
 
Luckily, Katsumi’s ire dies down after a moment, the raging inferno of her fury and anger becoming smoldering embers as she glares at him… but also backs off, yanking herself free of his grip and scoffing as she crosses her arms over her ample chest.
 
“… Whatever. The fucking park then, after school. You better not chicken out, Deku.”
 
Izuku tenses at that, but buries his anger for the moment. He’ll… he’ll put her in her place at the park. Maybe that’s what he’ll take, when he wins. He’ll order her to never call him Deku, ever again. Though that’s not necessarily one-for-one comparable to what Katsumi is asking for, is it? The explosive, ill-tempered girl wants him to leave UA entirely. Though she doesn’t know it, she wants him to not only give up on his dream but squander his entire life’s work.
 
… She wants him to turn his back on his father’s sacrifice. Izuku… Izuku refuses to do that. In fact, despite being a rather levelheaded mature young man, he can admit… Katsumi’s demands make him more than a little incensed. Though he’s not showing it to the same extent that she is, Izuku suspects he’s looking forward to their fight after school just as much as the explosive young woman.
 
For now, though, they both head inside, making their way to their classroom, which it would seem they’re going to be sharing. Class 1-A… needless to say, Katsumi is none too happy when she reaches the door first, only to glance back and see him following right behind her. Her eyes widen and her teeth grit as Izuku just gives her a single smile and a shrug of the shoulders. In the end… what can they do but put up with it?
 
Growling as if he’s personally offended her and all her ancestors, Katsumi storms into the classroom, Izuku following behind a moment later. They aren’t the last ones in by a long shot, but they also aren’t the first either, likely held back by their small altercation outside the school while a few others slipped in. That’s annoying, because Izuku had every intention of being one of the first to arrive. He wanted to make a good first impression, after all.
 
Not that their teacher is anywhere in sight. In hindsight, Izuku should have asked Nana to just tell him who his homeroom teacher was going to be. But maybe it was better this way, with it being a surprise. All she HAD told him was that he wasn’t going to believe his eyes when he saw them. Apparently, there’d been something of a faculty shakeup at UA this year, with Nana Shimura replacing Yagi Toshinori being only one of the changes.
 
As curious as Izuku was about his teacher, he was just as curious about his classmates. It was interesting, watching them all file into the classroom. Indeed, the number of Hero Course students who’s quirks altered their biology was higher than he had initially thought it would be. Of course, he’d done his homework here. He knew everyone who had passed the Entrance Exam, both Recommended and otherwise, and so he knew who might be in his class.
 
… Admittedly, he’d spent a bit more time researching the girls then the boys. He was a straight, hot-blooded young man in the prime of his life with a whole lot of power at his disposal. Yes, he had his goals, to become the new No. 1 Pro Hero and take the mantle from All Might so that he could effectively influence and change the world through popularity and being beloved by the masses… but he was also very interested in being personally loved as well.
 
There was also the fact that the girls of the class had the more interesting Quirks. And he totally wasn’t biased just because those Quirks were attached to nubile young women either, no sir.
 
Compare, if you would, Eijiro Kirishima and Ochaco Uraraka. The former was a young man with the Quirk of Hardening. It let him harden his skin to a highly durable level… but that was about it. Meanwhile, Ochaco’s Quirk, Zero Gravity, allowed her to nullify the effects of gravity on certain objects.
 
Admittedly, Izuku’s analytical mind, reinforced by his father’s teachings, could think up a dozen different unique ways to use both Quirks to their fullest potential. Especially if he could combine their effects with other Quirks, he had under his control… but that was neither here nor there! Ochaco’s Quirk was the cooler one, no questions asked!
 
Then you had comparisons like Mashirao Ojiro and Shouko Todoroki. One was a perfect combination of ice and fire Quirks, a real powerhouse when it came to exercising control over the battlefield and any would-be opponents. The other had a tail for a Quirk. Three guesses which was which and the first two didn’t count.
 
Even Katsumi’s Quirk stood head and shoulders above most of the guys in the class. And the other girls, like Mina Ashido, Tsuyu Asui, Kyoka Jiro, and Toru Hagakure, were nothing to scoff about either, both in looks and in their Quirks. Of course, in Toru’s case, Izuku had absolutely no idea what the young woman looked like.
 
A floating school uniform, Toru was the Invisible Girl, and while the way the jacket clung to her body showed that she was certainly well-endowed for her age, none couldn’t really see anything else. Was it bad that that aroused Izuku more than he cared to admit? Perhaps with the right Quirks, he would be able to ‘see’ her, sort of like a sonar or radar pinging off of her invisible flesh. But that would almost certainly not go undetected, and the invasiveness of such an action might get him in trouble.
 
… Better to save it for later, even if he WAS incredibly curious. Heh, Toru Hagakure… he would definitely be keeping an eye on her going forward. Even if she was invisible.
 
And finally… there was Momo. Already in the classroom when Izuku and Katsumi arrived, the prim and proper heiress graces Izuku with a fond smile as he catches her eye. Having checked out the rest of the room for a bit and watched several more of their classmates wander in, Izuku finally decides to head over, noting that there’s still a seat available next to the one friend he’s made in the entire class.
 
Sitting down next to Momo, he gives her a smile as well and watches as she blushes a little and ducks her head. Still smiling, it seems that Momo nevertheless has a hard time actually meeting his eyes, a reminder that they hadn’t just become friends during the small break in the Recommendation Exam. They’d done more than that.
 
Or rather, Izuku had. He wondered how many times Momo had masturbated to the memory of his tongue on her slit. He hoped it was several, if he was being honest. Leaning over, he whispers to the blushing girl.
 
“You might want to think about something other than that day, Momo. You’re blushing up a storm. Maybe do some math in your head, or something?”
 
Stiffening up, Momo nevertheless gives him a thankful look, even taking his advice. Izuku knew she would appreciate it, that she wouldn’t want to be exposing her inappropriate feelings to the entire class this early. As far as he can tell, no one else noticed she was thinking about naughty things… not even the pervert who was already looking like he was going to be a problem child in the classroom, one Minoru Mineta.
 
Izuku was aware of Minoru and his unscrupulous actions. The boy wanted to be a hero but could barely go ten minutes without toeing the line and very nearly committing some sort of crime. Whatever UA might have been thinking, letting him into its Hero Program, he was already treading on thin ice with Izuku, thanks to Izuku’s research. Minoru might not know it, but if he stepped over the line, Izuku would do everything in his considerable power to have the other boy removed.
 
That might sound hypocritical, knowing that Izuku was also perving on the young women in their class, but the difference was, Izuku would never do anything without consent. Momo had appreciated his company and would appreciate his company in the future. Meanwhile, the others… well, he’d approach them in his own time, in their own unique ways. If they wanted anything to do with him, good. If they didn’t, that was fine too.
 
Minoru on the other hand, was already pissing off two of the less-human looking female classmates. Neither Mina Ashido nor Tsuyu Asui look at all impressed with Minoru’s perverted antics from what Izuku can see, and he’s pretty sure the short boy is about to receive a beatdown… when the back door of the classroom abruptly bursts open.
 
No, not just bursts open… it’s full on kicked off of its hinges, flying across the classroom over the heads of everyone and smashing into the back wall before sliding down. Luckily, no one gets hurt.
 
“Yo! Guess what kiddies, I’m your homeroom teacher!”
 
The entrance is so intense that there’s a cloud of dust and smoke kicked up, leaving some of them coughing and hacking before it finally clears and reveals the owner of the voice. Only, Izuku doesn’t need to see her to know who she is. He recognizes that voice, just like he would easily recognize the voices of every single Pro Hero in the Top Ten, by sheer virtue of always keeping up with all of their escapades and news interviews and what not.
 
As such, his mouth is agape even before everyone else’s, as Mirko the Rabbit Hero, grins a confident grin, standing there with her fists on her broad hips, her muscular and toned dark-skinned body perfectly framed within her white and blue leotard uniform. Everything about her screams power and strength… for all of half a moment more, before Mirko suddenly starts to sweat, her confidence disappearing in a second as she looks from the doorway she just came through, to the door she just kicked across the room.
 
“A-Aha… I uh… may have miscalculated the strength of UA’s doors. Hm, you don’t think they’ll mind, d-do you?”
 
And like that, while the mystique isn’t entirely broken, there’s no denying that it takes a heavy blow as the entire classroom sweat drops. Their new teacher is Mirko… who it seems is just as human and prone to making mistakes as the rest of them.
 
-x-X-x-
 
“Right! So, first things first, we’re handling the Quirk Apprehension Test. ‘Course, I’m sure most of you have already trained with your Quirks quite a bit. Sure, you weren’t allowed to use ‘em in middle school, but c’mon, you wouldn’t be here in this class if you weren’t skirting the rules and bending the guidelines to their breaking points, Bahahaha!”
 
After swiftly getting over her accidental vandalism, Mirko had introduced herself to the class properly, not that there was a single person in the room who didn’t know who she was. Somewhat stunned into silence, nobody had seemed to know what to say, so in the end the Rabbit Hero had corralled them all out of the classroom and down to the field for this, a Quirk Apprehension Test, apparently.
 
“Don’t take it too seriously! I just wanna get a good idea of where you’re all at and see what your strengths and weaknesses are. So, all those physical education things you weren’t allowed to use your Quirks on back in middle school, we’ll be using them now! Go all out, alright? It’s the school motto after all! Anyways, before we begin, any questions?”
 
A hand shoots up into the air and Mirko rolls her eyes good naturedly before pointing at him. A very stiff Tenya Ida steps forward, back ramrod straight and arms back at his sides as he swallows thickly.
 
“M-My question does not have to do with the Quirk Apprehension Test! I apologize, but my question is personal in nature. Why are you here at UA, ma’am? Weren’t you just named the Number Five Pro Hero by the Hero Association?”
 
There’s a heavily pregnant pause as everyone leans forward, anticipating Mirko’s answer and wanting to know just as badly as the bespectacled boy. Mirko’s smile, meanwhile, has become slightly frozen in place. Izuku is pretty sure he might be the only one who notices it, which is why he’s the only one unsurprised by her answer.
 
“None of your business! But hey, if it makes you feel better, you can think that I’m here because shaping the heroes of tomorrow is the most heroic thing that someone can do… or something! Hah!”
 
The way she spouts that out and then laughs at it makes it clear that that’s not it… but she’s also made it abundantly clear that she’s not about to tell all of them. With that out of the way, Class 1-A starts to get ready for the Quirk Apprehension Test… and Izuku knows he has a decision to make.
 
There are three options here, though only two of them really appeal to him. Going all out would… well, it might draw attention from the wrong people, or it might be impressive enough to get him extra private lessons or something. Meanwhile, middle of the pack would probably be safest, but was also boring.
 
And finally, the choice he really didn’t want to do, was to go as low as he could, to stay under the radar and not be impressive to anyone. But that wouldn’t really jive well with his Recommended Student story, would it? It was his least favorite option for a reason, he supposed…
 
Hm, decisions, decisions.
Chapter 9: The Quirk Apprehension Test Pt. 2
Chapter Text

“Alright, let’s get started! Who wants to go first?”

 

“I’ll do it! Best to show these Extras who’s boss nice and early!”

 

Is Izuku surprised that Katsumi is the one who steps forward, brandishing her usual trademark arrogance and a cocky grin across her face? No, not really. Even as some of Class 1-A shrinks back and others bristle indignantly, Katsumi is just being herself. Still, as she steps up to the plate for the first test and proceeds to show off the versatility of her Explosion Quirk by speeding down the Fifty Meter Dash, Izuku can’t help but watch her… and want nothing more than to beat her.

 

Heh, it was silly, maybe. After all, weren’t he and Katsumi already scheduled to settle things after school? There was no reason for him to get up in arms here and now when he already knew that he was better than Katsumi, and he already had a time and place when he was going to show her that he was better than her.

 

And yet… and yet, Izuku was still young. He acknowledged that fact about himself. He was young, somewhat untested, and almost entirely unproven. He wasn’t a big shot Pro Hero yet, even if he was stronger than pretty much every Pro Hero on the leaderboard. None of them had any idea what was coming for them just yet, but for the moment at least, he was who he was.

 

He wanted to make a name for himself. He had, in the Recommendation Exam. He’d broken records there. But that wasn’t enough, not really. That wasn’t in front of the entire class of his peers. These were the people he would be training beside for the next several years, and only a few of them had gotten to see him during the Recommendation Exam.

 

Really, there was no reason to hold back here. Like Mirko had said… Plus Ultra.

 

And so Izuku waits his turn, letting some of the others go ahead of him. Katsumi’s Quirk certainly lets her go fast, but it doesn’t make her the fastest person in the class. Just close to it. When its finally Izuku’s turn, Katsumi’s time has already been beaten, with the temperamental blonde busting a gasket over it and having to be brought down to Earth by a knuckle sandwich grinding atop her head from Mirko the Rabbit Hero of all people. But even with Mirko forcefully settling Kasumi down, the explosive girl was still fuming.

 

Of course, when Izuku makes his way to the starting line, Katsumi all but visibly perks up, looking at him anticipatorily, clearly expecting to see a wimpy, Quirkless failure of a brat… or maybe hoping she would. After all, he’d already shown her how strong he was now just this morning. He’d caught her explosive fists in the palms of his hands. Did she really think he was going to fail here so she could just laugh at him or something?

 

Making eye contact with Katsumi, Izuku grins… and then turns to focus on the task at hand. Having had more than enough time to plan this out, he draws upon a carefully curated suite of Quirks. Like usual, they’re focused around One For All specifically, All For One’s primary use in Izuku’s life to support the Quirk that those who thought they were in the know believed him to have. Everything he did needed to be able to be traced back to One For All… at least for now.

 

Part of the upside of letting certain individuals, like the Principal, know that he was All For One’s son, meant that one day Izuku could ‘discover’ having more Quirks than One For All. Though, whether or not he would be able to swing it so that he was ‘allowed’ by the individuals who thought they had authority over him to take Quirks from irredeemable villains or not, was still up in the air. Not that Izuku would let anyone stop him from being the greatest hero that not only Japan, but the entire World had ever known. He just had to be a little more discrete about it, potentially.

 

For now, though, it was the first day of school. A lot of that was in the future. Right now, he just needed to show his former childhood friend turned childhood bully that she wasn’t going to be able to smack him around anymore. And so, as Mirko calls out for him to go, Izuku dashes forward… and is well aware that he’s using enough power to blow everyone else’s speed, even those who haven’t gone yet, clear out of the way.

 

Coming out the other side of the Fifty Yard Dash, Izuku grins as he looks back to see stunned faces on not just his classmates, but also his teacher. Even Mirko is visibly shocked and altogether impressed for a moment, before she manages to collect herself far faster than the kids around her. If not for his sensory Quirks, he might have even missed it.

 

Of course, there’s absolutely no way for him to miss Katsumi’s reaction.

 

“WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK WAS THAT?! WHAT THE FUCK, YOU SHITTY DEKU! YOU-GAH!”

 

Once again, Mirko’s fist comes down atop Katsumi’s head, grinding away into the blonde’s spiky hair as the Rabbit Hero grins.

 

“Your yelling is hurting my ears.”

 

As cheery as she sounds, there’s no denying the tone in Mirko’s voice brooks no argument, and even arrogant, cocky Katsumi isn’t dumb enough to pick a fight with the Number Five Pro Hero. Meanwhile, Izuku sees several of the girls in Class 1-A looking at him in a new light… and one girl, one Momo Yaoyorozu, looking at him in the same light she’d already been looking at him… just with even more desire than before.

 

Giving Momo a wink and Mirko a nod, Izuku moves back to stand among the rest of the class like nothing had happened. Seeing this, Mirko just moves them along to the next test.

 

The day continues on in a similar vein, of course. There’s no way Izuku can be convinced, even by his own mind, to rein himself in after how good the reaction to that first test felt. And so, he continues to blow things out of the water. There are a multitude of different tests, of course. All of them designed to find the limits and the potential of their Quirks. As potential Pro Heroes, each and every member of Class 1-A has to have SOME value, right?

 

Well, not all of them. Some individuals are… perhaps not meant for Pro Hero work. Someone like Mineta Minoru, for instance. Oh, don’t get Izuku wrong, the short boy’s Quirk is a versatile one. It’s perfect for capturing villains, from what Izuku can see. And if that Quirk belonged to someone with a decent work ethic and a good, solid head on their shoulders, then maybe that person could become an exceptional hero.

 

Unfortunately, Mineta was neither of those things. In fact, the longer the day went on, the more Izuku felt like Mineta was wearing his welcome in Class 1-A thin exceptionally fast. The boy was an incorrigible pervert, and quite rapidly earned the enmity of every girl in the class, as well as several of the boys. On top of that, his Quirk, while slightly useful, did not lend itself to the physical tests that Mirko was running them through. Mineta was small, slightly overweight, and altogether weak. He was easily coming last in every single test they did.

 

Meanwhile, Izuku was coming first… in every single test they did. As previously mentioned, there are a multitude of tests, and Izuku does his best to excel at every single one of them. From the Grip Strength Test to the Standing Long Jump, and every other test in between. Calling upon One For All and the Quirks he’s curated to support it in a myriad of different ways, Izuku constantly shows up not just Katsumi, but everyone else in the class as well.

 

He'd feel worse about it, if he wasn’t seeing Mirko paying him more and more attention, or the way Momo looked like her panties were fucking sopping from watching him kick ass. The other girls were also giving him looks, some of them appraising him, some of them competitively frowning and wanting to show him up somehow.

 

Needless to say, Katsumi undeniably fell into that latter category… but then, so did Shouko. Shouko Todoroki, with her red and white hair, the daughter of Endeavor and the perfect combination of Ice and Fire Quirks. Except, she only ever used her Ice for the entirety of the Quirk Apprehension Test. At one point, Mirko commented on that when Shouko got a lower score than she otherwise might have if she’d just used the full strength of her Quirk. Her response… definitely spoke to some sort of issue.

 

“I refuse. I will be a Pro Hero with just my Ice. This is my pledge.”

 

Sooo yeah, that was awkward. But regardless, Izuku was almost regretting choosing to chat up Momo instead of Shouko at the Recommendation Exam. Or… not regretting, but still pondering what could have been. Because the more he won, the more intensely Shouko seemed to study him, and not in the same way some of the other girls were studying him. Certainly not in the same way Momo was studying him.

 

Whereas Katsumi was all fire and brimstone every time Izuku showed off, forcing Mirko to come down on the explosive girl hard each and every time, Shouko’s growing incensed attitude was all too icy, as if the frigid girl saw him as her rival. Which of course, only pissed Katsumi off more, when Shouko would beat her score in some test and not even care because Izuku had beat them both.

 

It was an unreciprocated three-way triangle of hate, with Katsumi angry at both Shouko and Izuku, Shouko seemingly angry at Izuku, and Izuku refusing to hold back just to make either of them happier. When the final test arrived, it was clear that neither girl was willing to even remotely back down.

 

“Alright then! Final test of the day… the Pitch! Simple enough, throw a ball as far as you can, heh! Any volunteers?”

 

By this point, everyone just turns to Katsumi as she all but rockets forward.

 

“Me!”

 

No one is remotely surprised, even as Katsumi grabs the baseball and grits her teeth, glaring at Izuku in particular. Offering her a benign smile right back, he just watches her along with the rest of the class… which of course, only pisses her off more, that he’s acting so casual about it.

 

Still, with her Quirk, Katsumi soon has the baseball all ‘lubed’ up if you will. Her secretions, a nitroglycerin-esque sweat, soon cover the glistening baseball. Then, she leaps into the air… and explodes upwards with her other hand. Everyone watches, with Mirko holding up a device clearly meant to measure the distance the ball goes, as Katsumi flies up maybe a hundred feet before exploding the baseball out of her swung hand, flinging it high in the sky.

 

The baseball disappears from normal view, but the device Mirko is using continues to track it, even as Katsumi comes down in a three point landing, a vicious grin on her face.

 

“Let’s see the shitty deku beat that…”

 

Her words are muttered, and though Mirko’s ears twitch, clearly hearing them, the Rabbit Hero doesn’t come down on Katsumi’s head again. After all, its progress after a fashion.

 

“Nice one, Bakugou. Alright, next?”

 

Now everyone is looking at Izuku, as if all of their pitches are just going to be filler compared to his and Katsumi’s rivalry. Which is true, but before Izuku can step up, he’s surprised when someone shoulders past him instead.

 

“I will go.”

 

Shouko Todoroki steps up to the place, with Mirko raising a brow but handing her a baseball all the same. After a moment of staring at it, ice begins to form around Shouko, until there’s something of a cannon right in front of her. Placing the ball inside of it, she just stares for a moment… and then a pillar of ice slams out of the center of the cannon, going and going as the ball travels on the end of it for a moment before finally, the ice stops and the ball keeps going.

 

Up and up and up, this baseball too leaves everyone’s natural sight. But of course, Izuku, with his vision enhanced, can track it for a while longer. Which is why he knows even before Mirko says it that Shouko…

 

“Hm, not bad at all. But not quite as good as Bakugou’s.”

 

As Katsumi crows with victory, Shouko doesn’t pay the other girl the slightest mind. Instead, her eyes move to Izuku and it’s VERY clear that she knows she lost, not because she didn’t do as good as Katsumi… but because by not doing as good as Katsumi, she has no chance of beating him. Which… is very perceptive. Izuku tries to give her a commiserating grin, but Shouko just stiffens and turns away, disappearing back into the class.

 

Finally, it’s Izuku’s turn. He takes the baseball from Mirko, who gives him a knowing grin and a wink that almost seems borderline sultry. Is his teacher being inappropriate with him? Well, no matter. Izuku just grins and winks back at her, before stepping up to the throwing line. All of Class 1-A is watching him as he winds up. Nothing flashy like Katsumi or Shouko. Nothing explosive, nothing constructed. Just him and his arm strength, or so it would seem.

 

Calling upon One for All, Izuku uses his other Quirks to regulate the insane power of the stockpile Quirk. A slight green glow surrounds him as he draws upon this power that All Might so foolishly gave him, and that his father’s sacrifice has let him begin to master in record time. And… he uses it to throw a baseball. Such epic, immense power, being used for such a benign purpose…

 

For Class 1-A, all they see is a blur as Izuku’s arm explodes into action before settling back down less than a second later like nothing happened. But the ball that was previously clutched in his fingers is gone… and Mirko, with her device, can’t help the look on her face as it chimes… and then chimes again… and then beeps.

 

Everyone looks to her for confirmation, with Shouko seeming resigned and Katsumi trembling with anticipation. Mirko, meanwhile, just grins and shrugs as she looks at Izuku.

 

“Out of range. Looks like it probably burnt up leaving atmosphere.”

 

Izuku’s grin is victory made manifest, even as Katsumi positively howls at the ridiculousness of it all. The rest of the Quirk Apprehension Test passes in what feels like the span of a moment, with Izuku riding high, feeling like he’s on Cloud Nine the whole way through. Everyone else throws the baseball, and to be fair, some of them do really well. Mineta takes last again of course, and that’s that.

 

The Quirk Apprehension Test took all day, so when it’s over, Mirko dismisses them. However, after doing so, she calls out to Izuku.

 

“Yo, Midoriya. You have time to stick around and chat for a little bit back in my office? Nothing too important… can wait, if you have other things to do.”

 

It’s clear that Mirko is really not used to being a teacher, because she technically has the authority to just… order him to stay after class and talk with her. That IS a thing she can do. Instead, she’s treating him like he’s her peer already, despite her being the Number Five Pro Hero, and Izuku being who he is.

 

It leaves him in a bit of an odd spot, because technically Mirko is his teacher so he should say yes and find out what she needs. But on the other hand, he already made plans with Katsumi ahead of time, and really is looking forward to putting the explosive girl in her place, once and for fucking all. Its possible he might be able to do both, depending on what Mirko needs. Its also possible that an impatient Katsumi will decide he’s a no show and just bail, only to cause greater problems down the line.

 

By giving him the choice, Mirko has put the ball in Izuku’s court. Blow off Katsumi to see what his teacher wants from him, or offer Mirko tomorrow after school to talk instead, so he can properly deal with Katsumi today?

 

One way or another, it would seem he’s got a meeting with a gorgeous woman to get to. Just a matter of deciding which to attend.
Chapter 10: The Duel
Chapter Text

After a moment of thought, he didn’t want to keep Mirko waiting after all, Izuku comes to a decision. Flashing the beautiful dark-skinned woman an apologetic smile, he lets out a sheepish laugh as he runs a hand through the back of his untamed green hair.
 
“Haha, actually… I do sort of already have plans for after school today, ma’am. So, if it’s not too much trouble, let’s meet up tomorrow?”
 
Mirko looks taken aback… and frankly, so does have the class. But they don’t understand. Katsumi has already stormed out, so it’s not like she’s there to see with her own two eyes that Izuku has a reasonable excuse for blowing off their after school meeting. As such, he really does have to hedge his bets there.
 
But mostly, he chooses to handle Katsumi today and speak with Mirko tomorrow because at the end of the day, he’s really, really looking forward to this. Katsumi Bakugou has been a pain in Izuku’s ass for so fucking long. The bitch has bullied him for years, and while that was technically all part of the plan, it doesn’t excuse Katsumi’s culpability in matters. Izuku wants that sweet, sweet revenge, no matter how unheroic such feelings might be.
 
Besides, its not like he’s going to kill her or anything… just humiliate her immensely.
 
“O-Oh. Sure, Midoriya! Tomorrow it is!”
 
Recovering quickly, Mirko is all grins as she gives him a big thumbs up, seeming to be a little psyched, now that they have a time set for their meeting. Izuku just bobs his head up and down and heads out, a little curious as to what his Home Room Teacher wants with him after just one day. Although… he has his suspicions.
 
She’s undoubtedly impressed by him. That much was obvious from the looks he was getting from her during the Quirk Apprehension Test. But what form would that take going forward? What might she try… behind closed doors?
 
Izuku just chuckles and shakes his head. He was being a little silly. What were the chances that Mirko the Rabbit Hero, with her rabbit physiology, would have some sort of mental hang-up that made her horny ALL the time? What were the chances that she was looking for a fuck buddy to handle her immense, over the top energy and she’d chosen one of her students just because he seemingly fit the bill when it came to endless stamina?
 
Nah, that sort of shit only happened in pornos. Still, Izuku was eager to cultivate relationships. He’d already started with Momo, and with the Heiress already waiting for their next alone time together, Izuku had to admit, he was more than eager to expand his list of contacts. When he finally graduated and became a full-fledged Pro Hero, he fully intended to take the world by storm!
 
But first… much like in every Shonen anime, he had to handle his childhood bully, didn’t he? Normally, there would be a climactic battle, and he would show how strong he’d gotten, but still barely squeak ahead before perhaps befriending his bully. Well, that wasn’t happening today. Izuku… Izuku wasn’t here to play games.
 
Arriving at the park, he heads out into the more heavily wooded area. When he’d initially told Katsumi that they would duel at the park after school, he’d wondered if she understood what he was saying properly. The two of them had had a spot, as young children, back in the back of the park. It was a small clearing in the woods where they’d hunted bugs and the like.
 
He’d figured the likelihood of Katsumi remembering that specific spot was too high, but she hadn’t asked for clarification on which park, so he figured she knew THAT much at least. To his mild surprise though, she’s nowhere to be seen in the more public and open part of the park, which leaves him wondering if she went to the wrong place. The other option seemed a step too far for the bully to recall… but it was worth a check.
 
And so Izuku made his way back to their old spot, that small clearing in the woods… and to his greater surprise, he finds Katsumi waiting for him there, his eyebrows climbing on his forehead as she turns to face him, arms crossed over her chest and teeth gritted as her eyes flash in anger.
 
“How? How do you suddenly have a Quirk, Deku?”
 
Ah, of course. He’d expected her to still be deeply in denial about the whole thing. But while she was still calling him worthless, the day’s events had changed things for her. Katsumi could no longer deny the truth, not when it was shoved into her face across a dozen physical tests in front of an entire class of witnesses. Izuku hadn’t just shown off, he’d completely blown her, and his other closest competitors clear out of the water.
 
A few of the tests had allowed for some of the students to shine a bit more brightly. Katsumi and Shouko hadn’t taken second and third place on EVERY test. But Izuku’s Quirk, or rather, his Quirks with an S, had allowed him to blast on through every single test, taking the top spot again and again and again. He might as well be the second coming of All Might, for how good he’d done today. And given that he knew Katsumi wanted to be the second coming of All might, or at least the Number One Pro hero… that must rankle something fierce.
 
“All modern science dictates that I must have always had it, Katsumi. I’m just a late bloomer.”
 
With a snarl, Katsumi suddenly turns and punches her fist into the tree next to her, the strike exploding and sending bark chips flying everywhere as she does so.
 
“That doesn’t explain it! That doesn’t explain how you could go from a total Zero who never showed an ounce of aptitude in anything all our school years, to THIS in… in just Ten Months!”
 
Ten Months… ah, right, the time Izuku had spent training with All Might after the Sludge Villain Attack… where he’d saved Katsumi’s life. All of it had been scripted, of course. All part of his father and his master plan to get All Might to give up his Quirk. Ten Months of pure torturous training… but it’s not like that was where Izuku had begun his training. No, he’d just hidden it before then, hidden what he was capable of.
 
He might have been Quirkless, but he was far from helpless. The son of All for One couldn’t afford to be. Still, Izuku could see how Katsumi would fixate on that time period as the time when everything must have changed, while at the same time expressing her disbelief that everything COULD change in such a short time span.
 
It was easy enough to just latch onto the lie.
 
“You mean ten months ago… when I saved your life, Katsumi?”
 
The explosive girl’s eyes widen at that, and she roars as she lunges across the clearing at him. But Izuku is ready for her yet again and catches her fists in his hands. Even as they explode against his palms, he just tanks it, smirking at her casually.
 
“You’re right, by the way. That was the day I first awakened my Quirk. That was the day I finally unlocked this power.”
 
Katsumi’s eyes widen at the admission. Even though Izuku is lying through his teeth, she doesn’t know that. He’s always been an exceptional liar, but now, with all of his father’s Quirks backing him up? He’s a PHENOMENAL liar. He can lie as easy as breathing, but more importantly than that, he can make people believe his lies, or at the very least believe that he believes them wholeheartedly.
 
“Doesn’t… still d-doesn’t make sense. You can’t get this good in ten months!”
 
She’s pushing against his palms, trying to overpower him, but Izuku just holds her fast and shakes his head.
 
“You can if the right person takes you under their wing.”
 
That causes Katsumi to freeze up. Her wide eyes stare at him, as she realizes what Izuku is insinuating. More than before, she searches his face for even the slightest sign of deception. Amusing then, that this time Izuku is telling the truth, mostly.
 
What he’s leaving unsaid, that a Pro Hero witnessed him saving Katsumi from the Sludge Villain, and then he unlocked his Quirk, and that Pro Hero took him under his wing and began training Izuku up… he watches as that all goes through Katsumi’s head. The fiery tempered girl isn’t stupid by any means… she’s capable of putting two and two together.
 
“Who? Who… who did you trick into thinking you were hero material?!”
 
Scoffing, Izuku pushes Katsumi away from him, releasing her fists at the same time that he applies a fraction of his enhanced strength to his palms, causing her to go skidding back across the clearing.
 
“Oh, fuck off, Katsumi. I’m more hero material than you. Or have you seen a lot of stories where the hero is a piece of shit bully who shits down her former best friend’s throat for several years before going on to be the best of the best? No, I think we both know, narratively speaking, who’s more favored to become a hero, between us.”
 
“S-Stories… Narratively Speaking… this isn’t some fucking anime, Izuku! This isn’t some story! This is real life, and you’re damn straight that I’m going to be a Pro Hero! Fuck you!”
 
Izuku just smiles grimly.
 
“Well, that’s what we’re here to decide, isn’t it? Which of us continues on at UA? Which of us has to drop out and give up on our dreams?”
 
His deceptively calm, low tone causes a jolt to spasm through Katsumi, and to his mild amusement, she takes half a step back before catching herself. Her hands curl into fists at her sides as if she’s ready to fight, but she also sounds decidedly uncertain.
 
“I thought… I thought you said you didn’t want me to drop out, if you won.”
 
Heh, now that she’s seen what he can REALLY do, she’s getting cold feet? Izuku flashes Katsumi a smile that one hundred percent doesn’t reach his eyes or have one iota of kindness in it.
 
“I changed my mind. So, are we going to do this or what? Are we going to have our duel… or are you backing out, Bakugou?”
 
Obviously, by asking, he ensures that Katsumi doesn’t back out. She can’t, not in a million years. Even though they’re alone, even though no one else is even aware of the challenge… he’d know. And she’d know. And that’s unacceptable.
 
And so, despite knowing deep down inside that she’s outmatched, Katsumi does what she does best. She starts the fight with a bang, launching forward and positively howling as she uses every bit of her Quirk to try and blow him the fuck up.
 
Izuku… Izuku stands his ground and takes it. He weathers her most powerful attacks with his father’s Quirks backing up One for All, and he smiles the entire time, a big toothy grin as she hammers into him for all she’s worth. The end result, of course, is that his school uniform doesn’t survive the encounter. His shirt is exploded right off his body, reduced to a few shredded tatters in the wind. His pants are also ruined.
 
Before she can blow up his boxers as well, Izuku catches her by the fist again, once more capturing her explosion in the palm of her hand. Katsumi jolts to a halt at this, and they make eye contact for a single moment… before Izuku goes on the offense and buries his own fist right in the blonde girl’s gut.
 
Katsumi chokes on her own spit as she doubles over his fist. He’s careful not to shatter her ribs, but there’s no doubt that they’re going to be VERY bruised tomorrow. For the moment though, Katsumi is lifted on the ground by the force of the blow, and when Izuku pulls his fist back a moment later, she comes crashing down, her feet swept out from under her.
 
She hits the ground hard, even as Izuku steps back and blows the smoke curling off of his fist away with a smirk.
 
“We can keep going, Katsumi… but I’d say we both know this is my win.”
 
“S-Shut… shut up, D-Deku. S’not… s’not over YET!”
 
Despite her words, Katsumi is visibly struggling to even get her arms and legs underneath her. Her all-out assault after a long day of exhausting herself trying to beat him in even ONE of the numerous physical tests they’d done, finished off by his singular punch to the gut… its all taken its toll on the girl. She might have an impressive Quirk, and she might have a strong level of physical conditioning to go along with it, but at the end of the day, all she really has is a normal human body. And even a normal human at peak physicality has their limits.
 
Limits, it would seem, that Katsumi has reached, as she collapses back to the ground, gasping for air, panting for breath and… sobbing? Izuku quirks a brow up, not quite believing what he’s hearing at first. Sauntering over to her, he doesn’t waste time in grabbing Katsumi by her spiky blonde locks and yanking her head up to find that tears are indeed streaming down her face.
 
She snarls at him casually regarding her in her moment of weakness, and even tries to take a swipe at him. But its weak compared to her previous attacks, like a newborn kitten batting at a full grown tom cat.
 
Chuckling, Izuku just shakes his head.
 
“I’m not going to make you drop out of UA, Katsumi. In fact, I’m not going to let you drop out of UA.”
 
Katsumi’s eyes widen at first, before scrunching up in confusion at that last bit. Izuku just grins.
 
“It occurs to me that you might take the opportunity to drop out of UA and apply to another Hero School. That you might seek to still complete your path to Pro Hero, just as far away from me as possible. But I don’t want that. So, you’re going to stay at UA. You’re going to train to be a Pro Hero right alongside me, constantly reminded that no matter how hard you try, you will never be able to beat me. Or… I’ll tell everyone how Katsumi Bakugou bullied me throughout my younger life. And Katsumi… I have evidence. You don’t want to push me.”
 
Exhausted, beaten down, Katsumi nevertheless stiffens at that declaration. Izuku just grins and nods.
 
“Do we understand each other?”
 
“… Y-Yes…”
 
Letting out a contented sigh, Izuku lets go of Katsumi’s hair, standing up. He’s in just his boxers, but it’ll probably be fine. He should be able to get home without being seen. Sparing one more glance down at Katsumi, Izuku turns on his heel and makes to leave… only to stop as her muttered voice reaches his enhanced hearing from several feet away.
 
“… shitty Deku…”
 
It’s like a jolt through him. Sheesh, and to think he’d almost forgotten. Whipping back around, walking back over, he grabs Katsumi by the hair again, yanking her up even as she yelps and struggles ineffectually against his hold.
 
“Sheesh, I was so occupied with making sure you didn’t run away like a fucking coward that I forgot to take anything else for my win. Let’s see… well, let’s start with the obvious. From now on, you don’t get to call me Deku anymore, Katsumi. I beat you. I beat you fair and square, in this duel that you asked for. I am not weak. I am not useless. Do I make myself clear?”
 
Her eyes are filled with defiance at first, as she grits her teeth and glares at him. But Izuku just glares right back at her… and after a moment’s thought, activates one of his multitude of Quirks. It’s a simple aura of intimidation, and a relatively weak one at that. But combined with everything else, from his demonstratable strength to the fact that he’d just knocked Katsumi silly with one punch, it has a visible effect on the girl as her pupils dilate and her breathing becomes uneasy.
 
“… F-Fine…”
 
Izuku smiles and then pauses, before sniffing the air curiously. Wait… holy shit, was Katsumi aroused? He quickly activates a scent-enhancing Quirk and an analysis Quirk… and indeed, the girl before him, despite being beaten down, is getting off to some aspect of this. Was she getting off to him intimidating her into submission? Was she getting off on him blackmailing her into staying at UA with him? Was she just getting off to being beaten?
 
This… Izuku hadn’t really intended to take liberties with his childhood bully or anything. But this changed things. Now he had a decision to make. Was he going to act on this new information… or leave things as they were? There would be opportunities in the future, he had no doubt about that. Did he even WANT to give Katsumi what she wanted, even if she would never admit it?
 
Sheesh, now he was beginning to wonder if her destroying his clothing had had any ulterior motive to it besides her just trying to beat him. Why were things suddenly so much more complicated?
Chapter 11: Catching Up
Chapter Text

Standing there in nothing but his boxers, Izuku scoffs at Katsumi. His childhood bully… reduced to this? No, there was nothing arousing about her at the moment. Or at least, that’s what he told himself. And with his Quirks giving him the ability to completely control his body’s biology, it was even believable too. After all, it’s not like he was sporting an erection or would be unless he wanted to.
 
Still, he didn’t just want to turn and walk away without saying another word. No, something pushed him to give Katsumi one last parting comment before he leaves her there to wallow in her failure and lust.
 
“Pathetic.”
 
Making sure his insult lands takes the work of a moment and he grins as Katsumi’s shoulders stiffen and scrunch up. Before she can even lift her head however, he turns and begins walking away. It’s a testament to just how badly he’s rattled her that she doesn’t call after him, that she doesn’t scream at his back. Instead, blessed, blissful silence follows him away from her.
 
Rather than walking back out of the Park, however, Izuku walks deeper in. He doesn’t really care if Katsumi notices or not, so long as he’s out of sight of her. Which, after about three minutes of walking, he activates his Extra-Sensory Quirks to make sure she isn’t following him.
 
His shoulders tense up, however, when his Quirks lets him know that there IS someone close by, and not just that, they’re watching him even now. He doesn’t let on that he knows he’s being followed, however. Instead, he uses his Quirk to map them out quickly. It is a girl… but it’s not Katsumi. The hair and body type are both off.
 
Frowning, Izuku considers whether he wants to pick a fight with someone while in nothing but his boxers… before deciding that no, it would be better to avoid such a thing. Still, it wasn’t like he could get out of here without this girl seeing something she shouldn’t. Tch, he’d have to get smart about this.
 
Having been standing still for a couple minutes by this point, Izuku suddenly bursting into motion should have been quite surprising. That motion being enhanced by his Quirks, designed to look like the use of One for All empowering him, was about ten times that of a normal human. Turning into a mini-speedster, Izuku races off into the forest… and while the one following him does startle and try to give chase, losing her after that is child’s play.
 
As soon as he’s confident that he’s not visible to her senses in any way, Izuku grunts out a single word… a name.
 
“Kurogiri.”
 
A Warp Gate appears right in front of him, and without hesitating, Izuku pops on through, letting it wink out behind him long before his tail could ever catch up.
 
Landing in Kurogiri’s bar, Izuku sighs as he runs a hand through his green hair… only to tense up when a familiar snicker reaches his ears, followed by a wolf whistle.
 
“Damn bro! I came over to ask how your first day at school went, but I think I already know, bahaha!”
 
Turning to the bar, Izuku sees Kurogiri behind it… and someone sat on a stool in front of it. Someone VERY familiar to Izuku. A slim man with pale skin, wrinkles around his eyes, chapped and uneven lips, red irises and messy light blue hair. This is Tomura Shigaraki, formerly Tenko Shimura, the grandson of Nana Shimura and a… passion project of All for One.
 
They stare each other down for a long beat of silence… and then Tomura fails to contain his laughter to just snickering and full on points at Izuku and his state of undress with one hand as his other holds his stomach, the young man doubling over as he laughs at him.
 
The tension leaves Izuku as he just sighs and shakes his head at his adoptive brother’s antics, smiling all the while. He’d actually known Tomura for… well, most of his life. Being a few years older than him, Tomura had been Izuku’s big brother growing up. All for One had originally picked up the other boy to use him against his foes… but that was before Izuku had been born. As his father had told him, plans changed… and Tomura hadn’t been old enough to not be molded and shaped into something other than the Weapon of Mass Destruction that All for One originally intended him to be.
 
That ‘something else’, as it so happened, turned out to be a protector, playmate, and confidante for Izuku. Especially after Izuku got old enough to be brought in on his father’s plan, and they began playing his lack of a visible Quirk off as being Quirkless.
 
Honestly, Izuku probably wouldn’t have turned out half as well-adjusted as he had in the face of all the bullying, discrimination, and being treated like a pariah for something that was technically supposed to be outside of his control, if it wasn’t for his home life. And that home life included Tomura.
 
Giving the laughing young man a shake of his head, Izuku sighs before glancing to Kurogiri. The teleporter just nods, and another Warp Gate opens up, depositing a fresh set of clothing into Izuku’s waiting arms. As he begins to get dressed, Tomura finally calms down enough that they can actually talk.
 
“It wasn’t like that, Tomura. I assure you, I left UA with my clothes completely intact. This came after… when I dueled Katsumi Bakugou.”
 
THAT brings Tomura to a complete halt, his adoptive brother suddenly very silent for a long moment.
 
“… That bitch picked a fight with you?”
 
Rolling his eyes at Tomura’s protective tone, Izuku just grins as he puts a shirt on before answering.
 
“She did… and she came to regret it, I assure you. You don’t have to worry about me, Tomura. I can take care of myself.”
 
“Tch, I know that. I know you’re the big bad All for One now that… now that your dad passed.”
 
“Our dad.”
 
Izuku doesn’t need any of his social Quirks to navigate this conversation. He’s known Tomura pretty much all his life. It’s easy to detect the hitch in his voice as he mentions their father passing. He also knows that his response is precisely what Tomura needs to hear right now and judging by the tensing and untensing of the older boy’s shoulders, he’s right on the money.
 
“… Yeah. Anyways, old habits die hard. And even if you’re God Mode now, you’re still my little bro, right? I’m supposed to look after you. And I hate that I had to let that Bakugou bitch get away with bullying you, all these years.”
 
Smiling softly, Izuku ducks his head, a little embarrassed by Tomura’s heartfelt words. Truth be told, he feels much the same way. Though, he won’t say it out loud, he does in fact feel responsible for Tomura and Kurogiri and to a lesser extent the others, now that All for One is gone for good. Izuku has no intention of taking up his father’s mantle publicly if he can help it, but Tomura is right… he is basically All for One now.
 
Tomura’s story… was a sad one. The boy’s Quirk had manifested at a very young age, and it was Nasty with a capital N. Decay… it had led to Tomura accidentally killing his dog, and then his whole family before All for One came across him. It also effected his appearance, giving him the somewhat ghastly look he currently had. Though the excessive NEET behavior didn’t help. When Tomura wasn’t watching over Izuku, he could be found playing video games, to the extent that they had become a significant part of his identity.
 
Regardless, as to Tomura’s words… Izuku sighs.
 
“I know, Tomura. But my opinion on that hasn’t changed. Katsumi is MINE to deal with. And… if our fight today was anything to go off of, I think I can deal with her my own way.”
 
Raising his hands in surrender, Tomura backs off, his chapped lips cracking into a smile.
 
“Whatever you say, boss man. So then, first day at school did go well? You handle all those noobs with kid gloves or what?”
 
Izuku, having finished getting dressed at this point, makes his way over to the bar, where Kurogiri slides him a soda. Giving the bartender an appreciative nod, he sips for a moment before grinning at Tomura.
 
“Kid gloves? Hm, would you consider me coming first in every test they gave us, and even beating most of the school records, ‘kid gloves’? Because, uh… that’s what I did.”
 
Tomura snickers.
 
“Damn, not even trying to Smurf, are you? You aren’t worried that they’ll catch onto you?”
 
Izuku just shakes his head.
 
“I already had Nana recommend me, and then blew THAT Exam straight out of the water. The people who think they’re in the know, believe they know who and what I am. Namely, that I’m All for One’s son, and One for All’s successor. I’ve shown too much aptitude already to back down and try and stay middle of the pack at this point. Better to be the Next Big Thing instead, right?”
 
Tomura nods decisively.
 
“Right. If we’re going to fix this broken system, if we’re going to bring down the admins and change the way the game is played… you’ll have to be at the very top.”
 
Smiling softly, Izuku just inclines his head, tipping is soda in Tomura’s direction.
 
“Precisely. To that end… how are things going with you?”
 
Here, his adoptive big bro straightens up, looking proud.
 
“Heh, the League of Villains is coming along great, bro. We should be ready soon enough, though I dunno if we’re quite there yet. Got some other prospective recruits lined up first. Heh, you hear about that Stain fella?”
 
Blinking at the mention of the Hero Killer, Izuku slowly nods.
 
“Yeah?”
 
Tomura’s grin grows wider, pulling at his chapped, uneven lips as he thrusts a thumb back into his chest.
 
“I’m gonna try to recruit him next.”
 
For a moment, Izuku considers it… before shrugging his shoulders.
 
“Alright but be careful. I’m pretty sure Stain sees himself as a vigilante, not a villain. Still, if all goes according to plan…”
 
Tomura just bobs his head along in agreement.
 
“Yeah, if all goes according to plan, the League will be more vigilante than villain anyways. Not like the Powers That Be will view us any differently, but, heh, it matters to us, right?”
 
Right. The League of Villains was, as most things in Izuku’s life currently were, his father’s idea ultimately. While Izuku would go on to UA with both All Might and his father’s Quirks to back him up, Tomura would begin building a semi-oppositional force for him to fight. The League of Villains would ultimately be about cleaning up Hero Society, bringing down the Pro Heroes in Izuku’s way, especially the hypocrites like that bastard Endeavor.
 
Tch, they might have to go after him sooner rather than later. With how All Might had… well, taken a turn for the worst after Nana’s sudden return from the dead, Endeavor would probably end up as the Number One Pro Hero sooner than even Izuku and his father had planned for. And honestly, given all that Izuku knew about the man and his home life thanks to All for One’s spying… he wouldn’t abide by that for long.
 
Endeavor didn’t deserve success. But at the same time, defeating the Number One Pro Hero WOULD increase the League’s reputation and standing, so waiting for him to take up the mantle was best. If Izuku had his way though, Endeavor’s tenure at the very top would be the shortest on record. A short and sweet end to the bastard’s Heroic Career.
 
“You’re right, of course. I’ll leave that all to you, Tomura. I trust you to be able to handle it. Of course, if you ever need my help, you know I’ll drop everything to reach your side.”
 
For a moment, Tomura just stares at him and Izuku furrows his brow.
 
“What? Do I have something on my face?”
 
“Nah bro… you just sounded like pops there for a second. It was kind of spooky… but also kind of nice.”
 
Izuku blushes to the roots of his messy green hair, ducking his head all over again. For all his power, his adoptive big brother could embarrass him like no other still.
 
“R-Right. Well, I should be going. Need to get some rest before tomorrow. I impressed in class enough today that my teacher wants to talk to me after school tomorrow, and I don’t wanna blow her off. After all, you don’t just blow off the Rabbit Hero Mirko two days in a row.”
 
THAT gets a visible reaction from Tomura, his blood shot eyes widening.
 
“Wait, your teacher is MIRKO?!”
 
Izuku just laughs and nods.
 
“Yeah, pretty sure it’s something dad did without telling either of us about. And I’m pretty sure I know what she wants, as well…”
 
He wasn’t oblivious, after all… and he knew what sort of effect his actions in class today had had on his new teacher. Tomorrow… tomorrow would be fun.
 
-x-X-x-
 
Tomorrow, now today, had been slightly irritating. Not over the top or anything, but that little fool Mineta had been making a pain of himself, provoking the girls and toeing the line between annoyance and sexual harasser rather heavily. Izuku was fairly certain he was going to deal with the boy sooner rather than later, even if it involved Mineta disappearing down a back alley at some point, never to be seen again.
 
Regardless, the day hadn’t been impossibly challenging, and it was now coming to a close. As everyone else in Class 1-A before filing out of the room, Izuku stays at his desk, smiling when Mirko glances over to him, opening her mouth to likely remind him to stay behind, only to click it shut again when she sees he’s not moved from his seat.
 
Hm, as the classroom empties out, Izuku considers how he wants to play this. He THINKS he knows what Mirko wants with him… but he could be wrong. If he is wrong, and he comes on too hard, it’ll be rather embarrassing. However, if he’s right and he comes on strong enough, he can potentially dictate the terms of their relationship from the very beginning.
 
What would his father do? His father… his father would likely manipulate things from the shadows for months if not years in advance, before meeting with Mirko entirely on his own terms, leaving the Rabbit Hero at a distinct disadvantage. He would prepare the battlefield ahead of time, and make sure Mirko never had a chance to recover any ground or gain any sort of leg up on him, no pun intended.
 
Needless to say, Izuku didn’t have that option. He was having this meeting with Mirko now, so all that was left to decide was whether he wanted to try for total control and attempt to completely dominate the meeting with his assumptions of what she wanted or hear her out first to make sure he was right about her desires, and possibly give up the initiative to the spunky Rabbit Hero.
Chapter 12: Mirko the Rabbit Hero
Chapter Text


“Izuku Midoriya.”
 
Sauntering over to his desk, Mirko parks her toned ass on the desk in front of him, her large rabbit feet in the chair as she crosses her arms over her chest and cocks an eyebrow at him. Izuku is taken off guard for a moment, but thanks to his Quirks, he’s in complete control. That said, it wouldn’t do for him to come off as unflappable, and part of that control is the ability to come across like he’s a little flustered. Certainly, Mirko’s close proximity is reason enough to blush a little bit, right?
 
“Ma’am?”
 
Smiling at him, though it’s more like she’s baring her teeth, Mirko leans forward.
 
“You’re an interesting kid, Midoriya. I’m glad we postponed this little meeting until today. Gave me more time to look into you.”
 
Izuku doesn’t let his true feelings show on his face, but he does affect just the right amount of surprise, jolting slightly as he looks at his teacher with wide eyes that hide a calculating gaze. This wasn’t quite going as he expected it to. But maybe she was just building up to what she wanted from him? No, there was something else happening here…
 
“Look into me, ma’am?”
 
Lifting a hand, Mirko pretends to study her nails for a moment, trying to look all nonchalant and casual. It is, of course, a complete failure compared to what Izuku is doing right now, though whether she’s actually trying or not is a matter of debate.
 
“Sure. Fastest, strongest, toughest kid in my class. Did you think I wouldn’t? You broke records yesterday Midoriya, and you made it look easy. I was impressed, so I looked into you a bit more. Really weird, what I found.”
 
He could guess. His life story did look a little odd, to anyone who was looking into him but didn’t have the right information. Izuku had clearly underestimated Mirko a little bit. The Rabbit Hero hadn’t gotten to No. 6 Pro Hero by being JUST a brawler. She had to have some concept of investigative work to get as far as she did, and apparently by giving her time to do so, she’d had the opportunity to look into him. Hm.
 
Switching tacks, Izuku lowers his head, looking down shyly at his hands in his lap as he answers her quietly.
 
“You’re talking about my Late Bloomer Status.”
 
“Heh, yeah. Kid like you, gets diagnosed as Quirkless at a young age, lives your entire life being nothing special, and then suddenly… bam, Quirk. And you’re just effortlessly good with it, too? Doesn’t add up, does it?”
 
… Okay, he was having to rapidly reassess this situation. Luckily, he had a Quirk that let him do exactly that. It didn’t quite slow down time, but rather, sped up his thought processes to the point that the world might as well have slowed down around him. In that moment between seconds, Izuku processes everything that’s happened so far and came to one unfortunate conclusion.
 
He’d misread this whole situation with Mirko. Oh, not completely. There had to have been something of an attraction to him in there for him to latch onto in the first place. Still, it was a sign of his age, his youthful inexperience, that he hadn’t managed to look deeper. Mirko wasn’t just interested in him for his body, but something else as well. She was looking for someone and seemed to think that he matched the bill.
 
… She thought he had something to do with her job at UA, didn’t she? It’s a bit of a leap, but Izuku thinks he might be on to something all the same. With a veritable suite of Intelligence Quirks backing him up, he begins to fill in the gaps, putting the pieces together, even when some are still completely missing.
 
Whatever his father had done to put Mirko at UA, it wouldn’t have been by choice, would it? Based off of how Mirko had reacted when she’d been asked about the decision to teach in class and based off of this interaction now… Izuku could only imagine that someone somewhere, either his father working through an intermediary, or just pulling strings until someone in charge got involved, had strongarmed Mirko into the job.
 
Which… yeah, okay, so now things were starting to make more sense the longer he thought about them. Mirko the Rabbit Hero was only recently named the No. Six Pro Hero, only to then immediately go on sabbatical for this position at UA? There was no way that made sense under normal circumstances. But if she’d been forced here…
 
And of course, once Mirko was forced into this position, she wouldn’t do a terrible job, she had too much pride for that, but she might… she might catch on to the fact that she’d ultimately been tricked or hoodwinked or strongarmed, whichever it was, into working at UA. And if she didn’t know who or how or why she’d been put here, she would almost certainly begin seeking out answers.
 
How did that apply to him? Well, simple enough, wasn’t it? He’d done nothing BUT make waves since arriving at UA. Hell, even before UA, at the Recommendation Exam, he’d gave an amazing showing. Compare that to the public-facing Izuku of a year ago. Presumably Quirkless, with middling grades at best all through middle school.
 
He wasn’t anyone special before, just like Mirko said. From what little digging she must have done; he would have come up as quite the anomaly. He was basically a kid who had gone from average to extraordinary in less than a year and was acting like it was no big deal. Yeah, he could definitely see her interest in him now.
 
… Shit, he was kind of glad he hadn’t just propositioned her as his first instinct had been. If he’d tried to take charge and fuck her in this position, when she was clearly suspicious of him, that would not have worked out well in his favor, he didn’t think. Mirko DID feel some level of base attraction for him, Izuku didn’t think he was wrong about that, but it had effectively hidden the other reasons for her interest in him until now.
 
The only question was, how did he want to play this? He needed to think on his feet here. The Quirk he was using didn’t give him forever, it just gave him several minutes of thinking time per second of real time that passed. Very useful of course, but only if he didn’t get stuck in some sort of mental loop, going in circles and not able to find a real solution.
 
Mirko was suspicious of him, and rightfully so. There were holes in his story, holes that only certain people could fill. Perhaps that was the solution then. If he pointed her in the right direction, then she would probably leave him alone. If he acted like the kid he was supposed to be, like he was out of his depth facing down the No. Six Pro Hero, then she would probably buy it, hook, line, and sinker.
 
He didn’t like the idea of… hiding behind others. Sure, that was what his father had done in a broad sense, but it wasn’t what Izuku wanted to be. In this case though, if he just shut down Mirko’s attempts at getting answers, she would realize he was of even greater importance than she first realized, and then they’d have some sort of adversarial relationship, probably.
 
She might even decide that he was the reason she was here at UA after all, and not only that, but that he was the one behind it, somehow. The first part was true, while the second part was wrong, but it wasn’t THAT much of a leap from part one to part two if he just let it fester. There were body snatching villains out there after all. His display of extreme competence at UA so far, up against his track record of average from his middle school days, might make Mirko think he was a villain to be ‘handled’ in her own way, or something.
 
No, in the end, passing the buck off to the easiest scapegoat was his best bet here. And amusingly, Izuku knew that his father would approve. He would approve wholeheartedly.
 
Deactivating the Quirk that lets his thought processes speed up, lest it give him a headache from overuse, Izuku flicks his eyes up to Mirko for half a second and then back down again, acting the part of a kid in over his head.
 
“I… um, I’m not supposed to talk about it, ma’am.”
 
The trick is to avoid letting on that he knows she thinks he had something to do with getting her here in the first place. The trick is to turn her anger and frustration, whatever is there, towards people other than himself. And though his eyes are down, Izuku doesn’t miss the way Mirko perks up, her fluffy bunny ears twitching in excitement.
 
“Oh? But there IS something to talk about. C’mon, kid. I’m your teacher. How am I supposed to teach, if you don’t tell me everything?”
 
As far as persuasive arguments go, that one is absolute shit. Since when does a teacher need a student to lay out every single secret, they have for them? Yeah, no way would that fly normally. But Izuku WANTS to be convinced, and while Mirko’s words might not be that persuasive, her attitude, her reputation, and her overall demeanor should be. It would make sense for a physically adept Hero-in-Training like Izuku to idolize a Pro Hero like Mirko after all, wouldn’t it?”
 
“I… I’m not sure, ma’am. The Principal told me to keep it quiet…”
 
Like a dog chasing a bone, Mirko positively leaps on that little tidbit Izuku has dangled out in front of her, albeit metaphorically, not literally.
 
“Oh! So Nezu IS behind this. I’d wondered…”
 
It would be silly for Izuku to not ask the obvious, given Mirko’s words. Peeking up through his fringe at her, he blinks owlishly.
 
“Behind what, ma’am?”
 
Startled, as if just realizing what she’s said, Mirko blinks too before plastering a wolfish grin all over her face.
 
“Never you mind. You were saying, about the Principal?”
 
“… He knows why I’m special. I’m not supposed to say more…”
 
Putting the right inflection on the words is hard, to get the reaction from Mirko that Izuku wants. He wants to say more and needs her to push him to say more. Luckily… it works.
 
“He knows… but it sounds like he’s not actually the cause of it, is he? C’mon, brat… you can talk to me. You can tell me anything…”
 
Inwardly, he rankles at having her label him a brat. Honestly? Sure, there was an age difference between the two of them, but he was FAR from a brat. Still, it was exactly what he wanted from her. He hesitates for a beat, and then another… and then finally makes a show of breaking, his shoulders slump as he sighs.
 
“Um… All Might himself told me not to say. I can’t… tell you anything more.”
 
THAT gets Mirko’s attention, just as Izuku intended. The Rabbit Hero goes stock still for a long moment, clearly blue screening, or maybe just going deep into thought. The effect is the same. Izuku looks up at her, but she’s staring off into space, her eyes darting back and forth, her lips moving silently. She’s processing the revelation he’s given her for a full minute, before she finally remembers herself and looks back down at him.
 
“You better not be lying to me, kid.”
 
This time, Izuku lets his righteous indignation breach the surface of his decorum, scowling at her and finally getting up from his chair, his hands clenched into fists at his side.
 
“I’m not lying. Ask him yourself, if you want!”
 
Mirko grins, and Izuku sees it again, the flash of attraction and sexual interest that he’d read earlier. He really doesn’t think he misread it then or now, but obviously Mirko wasn’t JUST a sexual creature. She was also a woman who had somehow been trapped, entangled, or strongarmed into this teaching position, and she wanted answers. She wasn’t just going to proposition him for sex out of nowhere.
 
It was ridiculous that he’d even thought she would. Like, seriously? One day into UA, and he’d thought she already wanted to jump his bones? It was a stark reminder that Izuku was still a young man with a young man’s libido, a part of himself that he still had to tame so he didn’t make further mistakes like this one. Honestly, it was so embarr-
 
“Oh, I intend to Midoriya, I intend to. In the meantime… wanna fuck?”
 
It’s Izuku’s turn to blue screen, and he’s ashamed to admit that he does not fake the next several seconds of shocked silence, or even think to use the Quirk he used before to think things through before replying. He’s just so fucking flabbergasted, the mood and tonal whiplash doing a number on his head as he just stares at Mirko, mouth agape.
 
“W-What?”
 
Hopping down from the desk, Mirko steps up to him. For the first time, Izuku notices something about the Pro Hero… she’s actually rather short. Her bunny ears give her what looks like additional height from a distance, but her eyes are lower than his own, forcing her to look up at him, and him to look down at her. Not that that erases the wicked grin from the toned, dark-skinned Rabbit Hero’s face.
 
“A girl’s got needs, Midoriya. You look like you might just be able to satisfy mine, for a time.”
 
When Izuku keeps on staring at her in silence, Mirko rolls her eyes and explains.
 
“My Quirk is Rabbit. Gives me all the attributes and abilities of a rabbit. And yeah, I know it’s a big joke about me on the message boards, that I MUST fuck like a rabbit too behind the scenes… but there’s truth to that joke. I’ve got needs. And you might be good enough.”
 
As she repeats herself, Izuku can’t help but wonder if she’s trying to provoke some sort of competitiveness in him, if she’s trying to challenge his manhood, or something. It’s sort of working, but only partially. Still, at the very least, he can safely assume she’s no longer at risk of blaming him for her being at UA, right? She wouldn’t have propositioned him otherwise… right?
 
Or is this another test? He’s her student… and yet, it’s obvious from the way Mirko is looking up at him with that shit-eating grin that she doesn’t much care about the teacher-student dynamic. She’d only been a teacher at UA for two days now after all, and in that time, she’d let him dictate when they’d have their meeting, and all around acted less like a teacher and more like a very carefree mentor?
 
And a mentor and their mentee MIGHT fuck… if the mentor had the physiology of a Rabbit and the need to plow like one.
 
… He was going to fuck Mirko, more than likely. Right here, right now. Part of him wondered if that was exactly what his father wanted, but a much larger part of him really didn’t want to be thinking about his father at a time like this.
 
Mirko was right in front of him, waiting for his answer. The only thing left to decide, really, was whether he was going to go all out in this arena like he had in the previous ones, or if he was going to try and act his age for once and act the part of the blushing virgin who didn’t know what he was doing.
Chapter 13: Mirko the Rabbit Hero Pt. 2
Chapter Text

She already knows he’s not normal. Fuck it, why hold anything back at this point? Rising from his seat, Izuku steps forward, towering over the short rabbit heroine.
 
“So that’s it then? Mirko the Rabbit Hero is just some horny, needy, rabbit SLUT?”
 
Her eyes widen for just an instant, but it’s all Izuku’s extra-sensory Quirks need. Her reaction would be hidden from anyone else, it’s true, but from him? He catches it. Better, he understands it. Even as Mirko smirks and plants her hands on her hips, radiating arrogance and machismo, he can tell… she liked what he said.
 
“Oh? I offered to fuck you, kid. I didn’t say you could talk to me however you wanted.”
 
And then, to punctuate her statement, she reaches out and grabs him by the crotch, squeezing in a clear attempt to display dominance. Izuku is ready for it though. Maybe not for that exact move, but he was expecting her to try something, to take back control of this encounter. His body was primed and ready, and as she grabs his cock, her eyes widen as her fingers end up wrapping around something far bigger than she was expecting.
 
Taking advantage of this larger window of distraction on the rabbit hero’s part, Izuku surges forward and smashes his lips into his teacher’s. As he kisses Mirko hungrily, she instinctively tries to rear back, but his hands have come up at the same time and grabbed hold of her tits through her spectacular, incredibly sexy costume. He finds her nipples through the breathable fabric and pinches down hard, pulling on them and yanking backwards so that Mirko is forced closer to him.
 
Of course, this alone wouldn’t be nearly enough to rock her world, even as he feels her definitely reacting to the rough treatment in a positive manner. Even as her pussy clenches, he can feel her in the beginning stages of tensing up to regain control of the encounter. She’s not just going to let someone like him have his way with her, regardless of her offer, or how much she wants it. Not without a bit more… persuasion.
 
Luckily, Izuku has an awful lot of Quirks at his disposal. He’s using several of them now to increase his perception and reaction times to the point where he’s outpacing Mirko, and as she gets ready to react to his strong, aggressive opener, it’s like she’s moving in slow motion, and telegraphing every single one of her actions as well.
 
With a flare of another of his Quirks, Izuku gives Mirko’s tits another tug… while temporarily setting the sensitivity of the nerves in her breasts to about one hundred times their usual. Just for half a second, just for the briefest of moments so she doesn’t suspect anything. It needs to seem like a natural reaction to her, which given her rabbit body, it should.
 
After all, a rabbit, once they entered heat for the first time, never left it. Given what Mirko had said about having ‘needs’, Izuku couldn’t help but wonder if he was setting himself up here as much as he was setting up his teacher. Would he ever be rid of the bunny heroine, if he went through with this? The indecision lasts barely a nanosecond before he grins wickedly. Why would he ever WANT to be?
 
The effect of that half a second of an explosion of sensation from his fingers on her nipples utterly destroys any sort of plan of action Mirko might have had. She cums on the spot he’s pretty sure, though it’s not a powerful orgasm. And yet, it’s enough that she all but goes limp in his hands, her own grip on his cock becoming weak, almost gentle in a way, even as she unconsciously surrenders to his tongue in her mouth and his fingers on her breasts.
 
When Izuku leans forward, angling himself so that Mirko is pushed towards the ground, the rabbit hero’s impressively powerful legs… give out on her, collapsing as she slowly falls to her knees at his gentle but firm guidance. Finally, Izuku lets go of Mirko’s nipples and disengages from their lip lock, letting her fall the rest of the way to the floor as he leans back and looks down at her.
 
She gazes up at him with wide eyes and parted lips, her tongue sticking out just a little bit and rather cutely at that. Her every breath is sending her tits a-jiggle in her top, each one a shuddering, wracking thing as she pants noisily. Her gloved hands clench though, and Izuku can tell she’s finding her equilibrium, bit by bit. Well, they can’t have that, now, can they?
 
Pulling his cock out and letting it flop down onto Mirko’s face seems like a perfectly natural next order of business. She freezes up as his meaty member lands across her nose, and her nostrils flare as he feels her sucking in his scent, breathing in his musk.
 
“…”
 
She seems like she’s going to say something, but instead Izuku feels her lips caress his member, and his eyes widen as he realizes she’s giving his dick a lover’s smooch, almost tender in the touch of her mouth upon the underside of his thick, throbbing, over-sized shaft. Remembering how she reacted to his words before, Izuku grins after spending a moment recovering from his shock.
 
“Wow, I never thought I’d see the Rabbit Hero herself kissing my cock so submissively.”
 
A tremble runs through her, and she manages to muster up a look at him from around his member, one glaring eye pointed up at him… but the effect is utterly ruined by the fact that she’s still laying kisses along his cock, still smooching away at it, and more than that, the glare has barely any heat to it to begin with.
 
Impulsively, Izuku reaches out and grabs Mirko by her rabbit ears. He doesn’t grip them too harshly, like he might with a pair of horns, nor does he yank on them or anything like that. But he does take hold of them, and that provokes the strongest reaction from the dark-skinned woman yet, her eyes dilating and her entire chiseled body trembling beneath him.
 
Izuku pauses for a moment, before beginning to rub his thumbs along her soft, velvety ears.
 
“Did you just cum?”
 
His question doesn’t receive a verbal answer, but the fact that Mirko won’t look him in the eye… it’s answer enough. Grinning, Izuku decides he’s very much enjoying this pace of things. He’s glad he took control. Before, Mirko had seemed rather intimidating when she’d been interrogating him. Now? Now, even though SHE was the rabbit here, it felt like they’d entered his domain or something. Was that true? Was his domain to be sexual conquest in the same way his father had conquered the underworld?
 
Meh, it wasn’t worth considering right now. Right now, was all about him and the Rabbit Hero. Mirko was one sexy chocolate bunny, and Izuku… Izuku could hardly believe his luck. But that didn’t mean he wasn’t going to capitalize on it as much as fucking possible.
 
“Keep kissing.”
 
Mirko flushes but follows his instructions, her lips continuing to caress the underside of his cock until she makes her way all the way to the tip, practically French kissing his glans as she gazes down at his dick, going cross-eyed in the process. He’s taken complete control of this interaction, but Izuku isn’t sure if he can keep it, if he lets Mirko have too much time to find her balance. Better to keep her out of sorts and lusting after him as long as possible.
 
“For a slut like you, masturbating multiple times a day probably isn’t enough to satisfy, is it? You made it sound so casual, when you asked me for sex… but you needed this far more than I did, didn’t you? You should thank me for all that I’m about to give you.”
 
He finally gives her rabbit ears a tug, making it abundantly clear HOW he wants her to ‘thank him’. And Mirko… Mirko opens wide and descends down his cock right then and there. Or rather, she tries to. Her tongue is flat against the bottom of her mouth, her jaw is stretched as wide as she can possibly get it… and yet, as she tries to take him to the root, she only really gets about halfway before she has to stop, gagging on his dick as she is.
 
“Huuuughlk…”
 
“Hm? That all you can do?”
 
Even with her eyes lidded and her face flushed, there’s a beat of competitiveness in her gaze as he challenges her. Planting her hands on his legs, gripping the front of his pants harshly, the Rabbit Hero tries to go deeper, forcing herself to take more than half of his admittedly hefty cock down the back of her throat.
 
“Gluuuuuuuughk!!!”
 
“That’s more like it. Don’t worry… we can work on it. For now, use those tits of yours.”
 
A jolt runs through Mirko at his command. When she doesn’t immediately move to do his bidding, Izuku blinks, only to grin as he realizes why. She’s scared. What he’d done to her, that half a moment of ecstasy from him pinching her nipples that completely destroyed her defenses and left her on her knees before him, submitting to the young man’s every whim… she doesn’t know what caused it. She’s afraid it’ll happen again.
 
“Well, what are you waiting for?”
 
Reaching down, Izuku grabs hold of Mirko’s tits himself, yanking them up even though they’re still clad in her top. Mirko lets out a particularly undignified muffled squeak around his thick throbbing meat rod as he does this and tenses up in anticipation of another moment of mind-blowing bliss. When it doesn’t come however, she relaxes, seeming a funny mixture of relieved and disappointed.
 
Digging her tits out of her signature top isn’t hard. Her leotard has sleeves to it, so he just grinds the fabric together until her breasts come popping out the side, the costume bunches up in the middle. The only problem with this is, when he goes to try and place his cock between her tits, now it’s occupied by the damn costume. An oversight on his part to be sure, but no one’s perfect.
 
Luckily, Mirko recovers from her momentary indecision and fear of more of that inexplicable pleasure. Having him groping her tits for the last half minute or so has lulled her into a false sense of security. She reaches up and pulls at something beneath the furred neck of her costume, and the top of her leotard suddenly comes away, pulling down to her waist and freeing her upper half completely from the confines of the outfit, her beautiful chocolate breasts bouncing free.
 
The lower half of his cock, the half that Mirko can’t comfortably take into her waiting, eager maw, slaps down into her breasts as she arches her back and lifts them up to meet his member. As his dick is encapsulated in her cleavage, Izuku can’t help himself… he ‘rewards’ her for her initiative by using the same Quirk as before on her again.
 
This time, rather than half a moment of a hundred times sensitivity to her poor sensitive nerve-endings, Izuku dials it down to only ten times sensitivity across her entire breasts and leaves it on for a good ten seconds as his cock settles into place. Mirko’s body bucks madly, her eyes widening and a muffled squeal of a moan reverberating up his cock from the back of her throat all the way to where her lips are still wrapped around it.
 
As the effect ends, Izuku continues to grope and squeeze Mirko’s tits, playing with them and toying with the rabbit hero’s chocolate breasts to his heart’s content. He keeps them wrapped around his dick as he thrusts forward into her mouth, and the head of his member still manages to hit the back of her throat, even with so much of his shaft in between her breasts.
 
“Glughk… Glughk… Glughk…”
 
Still holding onto him by his pants, all Mirko can do is look up at him with an unreadable, surprisingly vulnerable look in her eyes. The softness of her breasts, the tightness of her throat, the way her tongue writhes along the underside of his cock… its fucking amazing. And judging by the way Mirko’s ears are twitching and her thighs are rubbing together as she kneels there before him, she feels the exact same way.
 
He's put his teacher on her knees and made her cum at least twice so far from just playing with her tits and having her suck his cock. Yeah, Izuku has no regrets about his decision to rock her world, none whatsoever. And the best part is, he’s just getting started.
 
“You’re sopping wet right now, aren’t you?”
 
Mirko stiffens up at that for half a moment before continuing what she’s doing. Izuku just smirks.
 
“Well, I’m certainly not going to fuck you if you can’t even get me off with your mouth, now, am I? Put your back into it, bunny. Don’t worry, I’ve got more than one round in the chamber, if that’s what you’re afraid of.”
 
Her eyes flicker up to meet his for a moment… and then she redoubles her pace. Izuku can only groan, as her sucking gets even more enthusiastic, her tongue growing all the wilder, her hands even leaving his legs to grab hold of her own breasts from him so she can make the passage his cock is thrusting through even tighter.
 
Izuku moves his own hands back to her ears, rubbing circles into him with his thumbs for a few moments more before he feels himself tipping over the edge. He doesn’t warn Mirko, he just cums, and the result is utterly spectacular. She reels backwards as the first blast of seed hits the back of her throat, and the rest of his cum ends up painting her chocolate face and tits instead, coating her in a white drizzle as she shudders from the sticky, hot fluid covering her body.
 
Izuku just grins, and true to his word, his cock stays rock hard. As Mirko collapses back onto the balls of her feet, panting heavily, her tits falling away from his dick and her shoulders slumping, he cocks his head to the side and considers her for a moment before speaking.
 
“Get up. Unless you DON’T want me to fuck you, or something.”
 
Mirko twitches, blushing mightily. All of her confidence seems to be gone. He’s completely and utterly dominated her so far, not giving her a single ounce to recover or fight back. This has been his victory, from start to finish, all because he’s a cheating little cheater who cheats. But she doesn’t know that. As far as she’s concerned, she’s just having a reaction to him or something. Heh, he can’t read her mind, but he can imagine she’s probably thinking that it’s all her fault, or else she’d have had his head on a platter by this point.
 
“W-Wait… let’s… let’s go back to my place yeah?”
 
Izuku blinks, freezing up at the offer. Her place? She wanted to take him to her home and have him fuck her in her bed? His cock twitches at the idea, but Izuku still hesitates, considering his options. Sure, he could let her take him home and fuck her there. Might be a trap, might be a way for her to take back control, but Izuku felt like he could handle anything she might throw at him.
 
Or he could refuse and take her here, taking the opportunity to lay claim to her in this classroom, where she was supposed to be in charge. Mirko might be the Teacher of Class 1-A, but she clearly hadn’t settled into her role just yet. Fucking her bent over her own desk might be a good way for Izuku to make sure she always knew that in this classroom, HE was in charge. If he wanted that, anyways.
 
Hm, to take her up on her offer or no… one way or the other, he would be ball’s deep in this chocolate bunny soon enough. Only question was, where would it happen?
Chapter 14: Mirko the Rabbit Hero Pt. 3
Chapter Text

“H-Hey! Do you have to keep going for the ears?”
 
Rumi moans, even as her most interesting student chuckles breathlessly into her so very sensitive rabbit ear, his breath ghosting across the lobe and causing her to tremble in his grasp. D-Damn it… she was so in over her head; it wasn’t even funny.
 
It wasn’t supposed to turn out like this. She’d suggested they go back to her place to continue so she’d have some time to cool off and get her bearings again. Unfortunately, that plan had decisively backfired on her. The entire way back to her place, she’d been thinking about how it all felt, and wanting more of the same. It didn’t help that… that Midoriya couldn’t help himself.
 
As they’d walked, he’d casually reached out and palmed one of her ass cheeks. Just… i-in the open! Where anyone could have seen! Thankfully, Rumi’s enhanced hearing meant she knew no one was around, which was the ONLY reason she’d let him get away with it, but still, Midoriya had no way of knowing that!
 
She had to try and regain some semblance of control. She had to… to take him to task. It was just hard to do that, when she was sat practically in his lap, grinding her chocolate ass down on his throbbing erection. Still, she had to try…
 
“You can’t… can’t do that sort of thing in public anymore, a-alright Midoriya?”
 
Even to HER ears, Rumi sounds so pathetic and weak. It’s not something the Rabbit Hero is used to experiencing. Ever since The Incident, she’s been a little off her game, a little wrong-footed. She’s not BUILT for teaching, not made for being in charge of a bunch of munchkins. Maybe that was why she was doing everything in her power to get her ass kicked out…
 
“C’mon now, don’t act like you didn’t enjoy it…”
 
Rumi quivers and scowls.
 
“T-That’s not the point! I-gah!”
 
Before she can try to take him to task any further, Midoriya leans in and nips at her ear lobe. The very sensitive rabbit ear flinched as Rumi blushes even deeper than before, trembling in his grasp. And she is in his grasp, decidedly so.
 
Sat on his lap on the edge of HER bed, Rumi has never felt more helpless in the hands of a man before. Midoriya’s grasping at her tits through her leotard, giving them a good, solid squeeze as he licks and laps and nibbles at her ear to his heart’s content, and it’s all Rumi can do to keep from cumming then and there. That would be disastrous. Humiliating. She would never recover, if she came from just having her tits fondled!
 
“Besides, I get the impression you LIKE when I play with your ears…”
 
This kid… he was ridiculous! Rumi didn’t think he had anything to do with The Incident, but his confidence was out of this world! The Rabbit Hero was no stranger to sex. If she couldn’t find a guy to hook up with, she usually had to masturbate several times in any one given day in order to function properly.
 
She’d done so every morning before going to UA in fact, just to make sure she was functional and her eyes didn’t wander too badly… but then Midoriya had impressed her, and she’d been fucked from that point on. Watching him dominate the field during the Quirk Apprehension Test like some fucking Alpha Male… seeing all of the girls eyeing him up assessingly… it was just too much.
 
And then, on top of that… he’d blown her off! Her, Mirko the Rabbit Hero! She’d been so stunned at the time that he’d gotten away with it. It was only hours later, while she was laying in the very bed they’re sat upon now, helplessly masturbating, that she realized he’d… he’d had the audacity to reschedule a meeting with HER, his TEACHER!
 
She’d been a little suspicious of him, sure… but Rumi figured she’d done her due diligence. Izuku Midoriya wasn’t behind The Incident, and with names like All Might backing him, he was probably a good kid. And so, she’d stopped fighting her urges, and propositioned him. She’d half-expected him to sputter in embarrassment and finally show his true age, but no… no, instead she got this. And this… this had no business feeling as good as it did.
 
“S-Shut up… I don’t… I…”
 
“Uh-huh.”
 
Sounding amused, Midoriya hooks his thumbs into the sides of her leotard, and Rumi gasps as he suddenly scrunches it together. The end result, her beautiful dark-skinned breasts bouncing free of their confines right then and there, comes as he chuckles darkly into her ear.
 
“You won’t hold it against me, will you?”
 
She doesn’t get a chance to respond. Or rather, that’s what Rumi tells herself, as he grabs one of her tits directly and begins to REALLY give it a go, fondling and kneading and GROPING her breast to his heart’s content. His other hand slides down, as Midoriya shows he’s not content with just releasing her tits from her uniform, by grabbing the crotch of her leotard and yanking it up, pulling hard so that it wedges in between her gushing wet cunt lips.
 
“Besides, you’re already so wet, Mirko. All because of me. You don’t want to stop now, do you?”
 
“Nnngh!”
 
Of course, she didn’t want to stop now. She should though. She should put an end to this. Midoriya wasn’t good for her. This relationship wasn’t good for either of them. She should never have offered, never have stepped up and challenged him. She’s regretting it now… but also not.
 
“Your nipples are so hard, too…”
 
Rumi can only gasp, as both of his hands find her chocolate nipples and pinch them between pale white fingers. She stares down at the sight, at her own breast being fondled from behind, and realizes what’s about to happen a second too late to try and stop it.
 
“N-no-!”
 
Midoriya gives her nipples a harsh tug, before letting them bounce back. He follows that up with a flick that causes a cry to tear out of Rumi’s lips as she yanks herself free of him and leans forward, doubling over as her entire body seizes up in… in one hell of an explosive orgasm. Eyes wide, hair draped over her face, Rumi stares down at the floor as she trembles and shakes, her muscular chocolate bunny body still spasming, still quivering.
 
But of course, Midoriya has no reason to give her a chance to come to terms with anything. No reason at all to let her recover, when his pleasure is still unsatiated.
 
“Did a little chest massage alone manage to make you cum, Mirko? Man, to think you’re this kind of woman.”
 
Pulling her back up, he manhandles her against his chest, pulling off her leotard and stripping her down. Rumi squirms, but doesn’t fight it, doesn’t try to stop him. Soon enough, she’s wearing nothing but her thigh-highs, her body otherwise naked and completely on display as she ends up on her back, with Midoriya’s hands grabbing at her legs and spreading them nice and wide.
 
His cock flops down onto her naked cunt then, her gushing quim spasming at the feel of his member slapping across her lower lips. Looking down, she can see his huge cock ready and waiting to spear into her. She can see exactly how deep it’s going to get, when he finally thrusts in. Smirking, his eyes glittering in a way that lets Rumi know he WANTED her to see, Midoriya slowly pulls back, his massive member gliding along her flexing, taut abdomen until finally, the bulbous head is able to press against her slit directly.
 
He doesn’t say anything else, sparing her of another quip… instead, he just gives her a nod, and thrusts in. Rumi cries out, her hands clawing at the bedding beneath her as she tosses her head back, her spine arching and her tits jutting up into the air. Those same breasts begin to bounce, as Midoriya begins to REALLY fuck her.
 
He’s hard and fast and rough about it… just as she’d hoped, given what she’d seen of him. She’d hoped he would be a good lay; she’d fantasized about fucking him, but that was… this wasn’t what she’d expected. It was so far beyond that; it wasn’t even funny. Everywhere he touched her, it felt like she was on fucking fire. Her rabbit physiology was betraying her worse than ever before.
 
Yes, Rumi was no stranger to sex, but this wasn’t sex… this was a goddamn religious experience, and she was the sacrificial lamb at the alter of Midoriya’s big, fat COCK!
 
If he’d asked her, in that moment, to beg, she would have. If he’d demanded she call him Master, she would have. He’d awakened her body in a way no man before him had. And yet, he says nothing. He just stares down into her eyes… and fucks her soundly.
 
Unable to help herself, Rumi eventually reaches up and wraps her arms around his torso, yanking him down so she can bury her face in the crook of his neck and cry out. His hands come off of her legs as a result, allowing her to cross them behind his waist, to pull him into her all the deeper as he grunts. She has him trapped, but not really. She has him grappled, but HE has her pinned. As he plows her with all his might, Rumi is reduced to clinging onto him for dear life, holding on against all odds as her eyes roll up in her head and her wanton moans are muffled by his neck.
 
She’s not sure how they get there, but eventually their positions get reversed in the midst of their lovemaking. She goes from on her back, to riding him as he lays beneath her. Not that Midoriya isn’t doing anything, his hands are on her hips and he’s thrusting up into her from below, even as Rumi moans, gyrating her hips, her rabbit ears twitching and her eyes still threatening to roll up in her head some more.
 
Dangerous. Midoriya was dangerous for someone like her, incredibly so. He was… a being made to dominate her, to effortlessly defeat her on a battlefield like this one. His damn Quirk, because that has to be at least part of it, is perfectly aligned with her own. His strength, his confidence, his amazing, massive cock pistoning in and out of her chocolate cunny at full speed… it’s like he was designed to put her in her place and keep her there.
 
Suddenly, his hands transition from her hips to her ass, and Mirko gasps, falling forward onto his chest as he grips her buttocks tightly and begins to bounce her even faster on his dick. Her tits pressing into her chiseled pectorals, Rumi flushes as she finds herself in quite close proximity to the young man’s lips. Unable to help herself, she goes in for a kiss, their tongues swapping spit and wrestling for supremacy as he fucks her harder and faster by the moment.
 
Even there, Midoriya dominates, his tongue easily wrestling her tongue into submission, mostly due to how distracting his massive member lodged in her twat is at the moment. Rumi quivers and trembles and cums her bunny brains out, tearing herself away from his mouth to arch her back and cry out in ecstasy.
 
And then he speaks, and Rumi’s mind bluescreens for a moment.
 
“Getting close now, Mirko! Gonna cum soon!”
 
Oh god. She couldn’t let him cum inside. I-If he did that, he’d fill her all the way up. She knew already just how big his loads were from the facial he’d given her. He’d covered her face AND tits in his hot, sticky cream. No doubt, he was also incredibly virile… not that he needed to be, to fertilize HER fertile womb.
 
She had condoms for exactly this purpose and that had been half the reason she’d even tried to get him to come home with her, but… she’d forgotten them! It was all his fault, with how he was molesting her on the way over to her place! She’d gotten distracted, and now she’d been having bareback sex with Midoriya for who knew how long!
 
He hadn’t cum in her yet though. He was about to, but she still had a chance. She had to get off of him. She just had to lift her hips up and pull away, freeing herself from his big… thick… throbbing cock. Sure, Midoriya was still holding her ass cheeks, but it wasn’t like he was pinning her down. She needed to act and fast, or she’d get pregnant for sure!
 
And yet, even as this passes through Rumi’s head, the Rabbit Hero continues to bounce her ass up and down, impaling her gushing, clenching cunt on Midoriya’s cock again and again. She couldn’t stop herself! It was going to happen! He was going to-!
 
Rumi blinks as she suddenly finds herself on her back, just as Midoriya lets out a groan. His seed splatters across her sweat-covered chocolate body, as well as the bed as he leans up from having tossed her off of him, before he too collapses backwards onto the mattress.
 
Huh? He’d… pulled out?”
 
Rumi stares up at the ceiling, uncomprehending for a moment, her pussy clenching around empty air, quivering with need.
 
“Heh, don’t worry. I know I wasn’t wearing a condom, but we don’t want any accidents, right? This much should be fine, yeah?”
 
“… Yeah. G-Good… good job.”
 
And it really was. He’d done the right thing, made the right call. She’d cum at least a dozen times, more than her own hands or even another man had ever made her cum. She’d gotten what she needed, and all without the high risk of a bun in the oven as well. It had all gone perfectly, by those standards.
 
So then… why did Rumi feel so dissatisfied and unfulfilled?
 
-x-X-x-
 
Izuku knew he’d gone a little over the top with Mirko, but once he’d started, he just hadn’t been able to stop himself. And he got the impression that it was exactly what she needed. Certainly, if he didn’t lay down the law, he felt like she would constantly try to walk all over them. One might argue that as his teacher, it was her right and privilege to do so, but as lovers? Izuku just wasn’t the kind of guy who accepted that.
 
Still, it was the next day at school, and Mirko hadn’t acknowledged him once. She wasn’t ignoring him to the extent that anyone else had seemingly noticed, but he definitely saw her distance. And that… was fine, he decided. He’d let her stew in it, well aware that he’d given her the time of her life. If she wanted more, she’d have to wait.
 
In the meantime, school was great and all, but Izuku wanted to get to know his fellow classmates more. His fellow female classmates, to be specific. He was spoiled for choices, at the moment. Narrowing it down took a bit of work, but in the end, he’d decided he wanted to chat up a girl who wasn’t already gunning for him in some way.
 
That disqualified Momo for the time being on account of their previous entanglement, and Katsumi because of THEIR current… thing they had going on. Both girls could sit for a little while longer, in his opinion. After a moment’s thought, he also disqualified Shouko Todoroki. While he and the girl hadn’t had any interactions, he got this intense impression from her, like she’d already decided they were rivals or something, or that he was an obstacle to be overcome. He didn’t need that kind of stress at the moment.
 
Which still left five girls. Or rather, three options, because Izuku could see right now that four of the girls had already paired off and would be a package deal if he wanted to approach them. Ochaco Uraraka and Tsuyu Asui, and Mina Ashido and Kyoka Jiro. And then, all on her lonesome, was the Invisible Girl, Toru Hagakure. Not that any of them HAD Pro Hero names just yet, but what else was the literally invisible girl going to be called, right?
 
Those were his options, if he wanted to make some new friends today. The two pairs, or Toru by herself. All Izuku had to do was choose.
Chapter 15: Mina Ashido & Kyoka Jiro
Chapter Text

In the end, Izuku makes his initial choice primarily on looks. That might sound shallow, but it's not about their attractiveness. In fact, he'd argue that all of the girls in his class are relatively attractive, though he still doesn't know what Toru actually looks like. At the same time, none of the girls in his class can truly, fully hold a candle to someone like say, Mirko quite yet. Their teacher is just super fucking hot in every way.

This is all to say, when he makes his choice primarily on looks, its not based upon beauty, but just… how wild some of them look. And out of all his options, there's no denying that Mina Ashido and Kyoka Jiro stand out the most, as a pair.

Mina, of course, is the most in your face about it, through no fault of her own. The young woman quite literally looks like a space alien, thanks to her Mutant-type Quirk. Or Izuku thinks he's heard that they've started moving away from slightly hurtful words like mutant these days and have taken to calling these sorts of Quirks 'Heteromorphic' or something.

Well, there are plenty of Heteromorphic Quirks in Class 1-A. More than that, both Mina and Kyoka have Heteromorphic Quirks. But of all the girls in Class 1-A, Mina's physiology is definitely the wildest. Pink skin covers her from head to toe, along with short, fluffy, unruly pink hair that's… almost not hair-like in nature. She also has somewhat square-shaped eyes, with black instead of white and yellow pupils on top of noticeably long eyelashes below and around the sides of those eyes.

To top it all off, she has a pair of thin pale yellow horns protruding from her head, looking almost like a pair of alien eye stalks, or something. They just don't actually have eyes on them. But yeah, all of that put together… she certainly comes across as very space alien-y, or so Izuku privately thinks anyways.

Of course, she's also incredibly physically fit, with an athletic and toned body. Healthy thighs, healthy figure on a medium-ish height… yeah, she'd give Momo a run for her money in terms of body maturity, if not for the completely wild alien-look overshadowing her physicality a fair bit.

In comparison, Kyoka is practically tame in comparison. A petite, fair-skinned build with a much slenderer build than her pink-skinned friend, she has almost lazy-looking black eyes, with short dark purple hair. Her Mutant-type Quirk, however, still does manifest itself in a somewhat inhuman way. Specifically, her most prominent and noticeable features are the flexible plug-like fleshy earphone jacks dangling off of each of her earlobes at the end of two long cords.

Those flesh-toned earphone jacks are part of her Quirk, Izuku knows that quite well, and from what he's seen so far of them, they can also act as extra limbs. She can control them at will, and they've so far proven to be quite flexible, as well as able to lengthen or protract as necessary for her purposes.

Yes, in terms of Quirks, Mina and Kyoka are certainly interesting to someone like… well, like him. Mina's Quirk, Acid, allows her to produce corrosive liquid from any part of her body at any time. It's not the kind of Quirk most people would be happy with, and yet… Mina made it work. More than making it work, she didn't let it get her down, and that interested Izuku, because it meant there was an incredibly intelligent mind behind that pretty face of hers.

So many people would just… give up in the face of such a Quirk. They'd grow morose and depressed, telling themselves that their Quirk made it impossible for them to live a normal life, that they would never find love, or happiness, or work with such a needlessly destructive Quirk. But Mina? Mina had taken her Quirk and turned it into a strength, as all driven people would.

Meanwhile, Kyoka's Quirk, Earphone Jack, was absolutely fascinating. They didn't just plug into electronics like one might think, they could plug into ANYTHING, and in turn the purple-haired girl could channel the sound of her heartbeat through them in the form of a violent sort of vibration attack. Not only that, but her Quirk gave her an enhanced sense of hearing.

And Kyoka, for all that her attitude made her seem somewhat lazy or at least lackadaisical, was absolutely no slouch either. She might have acted a certain way that could largely be described as unenthusiastic from an outside perspective, but Izuku knew for a fact that she'd gone out of her way to train her earphone jacks up until they could pierce literal STONE!

How did he know so much about both girls and their Quirks, you might ask? Well first of all, Izuku would wonder who this 'you' was who was asking such questions about him, because he'd need to decide if they needed to be… taken care of. But second of all… it was practically his job and hobby all wrapped up in one! Quirks had always fascinated Izuku Midoriya, and if there was one thing he liked to do, it was figure out what made them tick.

On top of that, these were the people he'd be spending the next several years with as they all learned how to be Pro Heroes and eventually graduated from UA together. So, in that regard, it wasn't creepy or stalkerish that he'd developed dossiers on every single one of his classmates. No, it was simply… prudent behavior. Or something.

Either way, having made his choice, Izuku walks up to Mina and Kyoka at lunch time. For a moment, he considers using any number of Quirks to make sure the interaction goes his way… but at the last second, he decides to keep it simple and rely solely on the reputation he'd made for himself at the Quirk Apprehension Test.

If that wasn't enough, well, this would be a good learning experience he supposed, and he'd know better next time.

"Hey! You guys mind if I eat with you?"

Striding up to the two young women with a bright smile on his face, he watches both of their reactions closely. They both startle in their own ways, but it's what they do after they get over their initial surprise that Izuku finds more intriguing. Mina's eyes light up and she brightens as she gives him a toothy grin in response. Kyoka, on the other hand, flushes a fair bit and looks away. Embarrassed? A girl like her? How… interesting.

"Oho! Number One has deigned to grace US with his presence! Ain't that a treat, eh Kyoka?"

Nudging her friend, Mina snickers to show she's just teasing. But Kyoka just scowls a bit.

"Hmph. You can if you want. No one's stopping you."

Even Mina seems to sense something to the other girl at that point. From what Izuku knew, they hadn't actually known each other before coming to UA, which meant they were quite new friends indeed. Still, they'd been drawn together all the same, despite having what one might call clashing personalities. Personally, Izuku felt like they worked well together, like a pair of different puzzle pieces nevertheless fitting together. Opposites attract, and all that.

Suddenly worried that she's upset her new friend, Mina turns a little sheepish, rubbing a hand through the back of her head and letting out a little nervous laugh.

"H-Heh, yeah. Pull up a chair, o-or something!"

Considering they weren't at a table but sitting nearby on the edge of a risen planter's stone wall, Izuku couldn't very well 'pull up a chair'. Instead, he could only move to sit next to one of them. For the briefest of moments, he DOES consider sitting next to Kyoka, just to mess with her a bit more and get to the bottom of her current emotions regarding him. But… he doesn't want to push too hard, and so in the end, he chooses to sit next to Mina instead.

Now, the two girls were sat far enough apart from each other that he COULD have sat in the middle of them, but that had seemed like an even worse idea. It's only when he sits down right next to Mina, not too close but a few inches closer to her than Kyoka was sitting, that he realizes his faux pas and why they might have been so far apart.

Mina looks downright surprised at his willingness to be in such proximity to her. And it makes sense, really… her Quirk makes physical contact with the pink-skinned girl a somewhat dangerous prospect, at least for the uninitiated. For Izuku, who knew just how long and hard Mina Ashido had trained her Acid Quirk, specifically for the purposes of both control and to increase her own skin's durability, it wasn't a concern. He didn't expect her to lose control randomly in the middle of lunch after all, so he really wasn't worried about her potentially hurting him.

This, it would seem, is a bit of a shock to young Mina, who blinks owlishly as she glances at him while he begins taking bites of his sandwich.

"You… uh… heh, you sure you don't want to sit next to Kyoka?"

Izuku blinks, as Mina goes from confused and a little floored, to grinning cheesily halfway through that statement.

"Mina!"

Kyoka's protest causes the pink-skinned young woman to cackle, tossing her head back and laughing as her shoulders shake. Raising an eyebrow, Izuku begins to get a better idea of what's going on here, even as he continues chowing down on his sandwich in silence. Kyoka Jiro… has a crush on him. Perhaps not much of one, and she would definitely disagree if he accused her outright, but clearly something she'd done or said in regard to him had caught Mina's eye.

If nothing else, Mina thought Kyoka had a crush on him. Frankly, based on how the other girl had reacted to his presence so far, Izuku had to agree. Kyoka had it bad. He'd sort of shown off the other day, so it made sense. He'd gone all out, and made quite the splash, and while this meant that some of Class 1-A were now sizing him up as a rival to constantly compare themselves to, that wasn't quite what ALL of his fellow students were like.

Certainly, as much as Mina and Kyoka were a pair of go-getters and hard workers when it came to training their Quirks, they weren't trying to be the very best, which left room for them to admire him and his place atop the mountain, so to speak.

Well…

"I would have sat next to Kyoka… but I didn't want to bug her too much. I saw what she did to Denki and Mineta when they were being annoying."

His teasing tone is meant by a flush from Kyoka and a blink from Mina. Then, the former is ducking her head in embarrassment, while the latter once again tosses her head back to let out another cackle.

"Hear that, Kyoka? Even Number One is scared of ya! Hah!"

Raising his brow at that, Izuku hums and takes another bite of his sandwich. When he's done swallowing, he asks the obvious.

"Why do you call me that?"

"Huh? Number One? Well obviously, you're the best in class right now. First Place! What else would I call you?"

Smiling a friendly smile, Izuku shrugs.

"You can call me Izuku, if you prefer."

Mina blinks, going still for a moment in the face of his earnest sincerity. Izuku can immediately tell that that was the right move. Heh, man who needed all those Social Quirks? He was doing just fine without them! The pink-skinned young woman might have been blushing for all he knew, what with that skin color. She certainly looks floored by his offer.

"… Snrk."

The noise, a badly concealed snort of amusement, comes not from Izuku or Mina… but past Mina, from one Kyoka Jiro. The petite purple-haired girl has a smile on her face, and it's quite a nice smile, as she looks upon the scene Izuku has created, of how he's managed to blindside Mina, and finds something most enjoyable about it, apparently.

"Are you… are you laughing at me, Kyoka?!"

Mina can't help the thread of amusement in her voice, even as she tries to feign being outraged. She even goes so far as to cross her arms over her chest and mock glare at the other girl. Kyoka, meanwhile, settles into a more casual, relaxed pose and a softer, less concerned smile and shrugs.

"I'm laughing with you, Mina, not at you."

"But I'm not laughing! You-!"

Both Izuku and Kyoka laugh at that, and in the face of their amusement, Mina is soon grinning and snickering at her own expense right along with them. In the end, Kyoka had made it the truth, in a roundabout way. They all were laughing with each other. Of course, as soon as their laughter begins to die down again, Izuku goes for the kill, glancing past Mina and making eye contact with Kyoka before she can look away.

"You can call me Izuku too, if you prefer."

Kyoka's reaction is even more blatant than Mina's, with her blushing deeply and freezing in place like a deer caught in headlights, until Mina's teasing laughter and finger pointed in her face finally lets her recover. Taking a playful bite at Mina's finger that doesn't quite connect, Kyoka just shakes her head and sighs.

From there, lunch continues, the ice broken and the three of them chatting sometimes, sitting in companionable silence and chewing their food at others. The two girls really are a nice pair, and Izuku is glad he chose to come over here.

The only question is… does he want to push for more this fast, or is he happy with just this much of a connection, for now? Kyoka is the one with the obvious crush on him that he COULD leverage, if he decided to turn on the charm, so to speak. But Mina… Mina too, is making obvious signs of attraction towards him.

Of course, he could go all out… and try to get both of them at once. If he doesn't, if he chooses just one, he might be risking alienating the other. Mina seemed almost eager to set him and Kyoka up at the start, but she's not doing nearly as much teasing about that anymore. Not as much as she's subtly flirting with him instead now. Kyoka, meanwhile, keeps playing with her jacks, clearly unsure what to really do or say beyond the small talk they've made so far.

Pursue one of them? Pursue both of them? Or keep things platonic for now?
Chapter 16: Mina Ashido & Kyoka Jiro Pt. 2
Chapter Text

As lunch comes to a close, Izuku makes his decision. He's at UA because he wants to make connections. He's chosen to approach these girls because he's admittedly something of a horndog. Keeping things platonic with either or both of them now would be doing them a disservice, especially since he almost certainly intended for things to get decidedly non-platonic later on.

In the end, it was a simple enough choice. Go big or go home. And if there was one thing Izuku knew how to do, it was go big.

And so, with lunch coming to a close, he stands up from his spot and turns back to face both girls, giving them a big wide grin that they each response to in different ways. Kyoka blushes and glances off to the side, while Mina grins right back at him, almost in challenge. There's no doubt about it though, they're both listening closely.

"I had a really good time eating lunch with you guys. I was wondering if you both maybe wanted to hang out after school, all three of us. We could go to an arcade together, or something?"

That gets startled blinks from both of them, with Mina clearing her throat and clarifying.

"You want… to hang out with both of us?"

Deciding he's gone Quirk-less in this encounter long enough, Izuku activates some of the same social Quirks he used to navigate his interaction with Momo, flashing the two girls in front of him another grin as he nods.

"Yeah! You're both super cool. I just thought it'd be fun if we could hang out together some more. What do you say?"

Mina glances over at Kyoka, who stiffens and glances back to Mina. A silent conversation takes place between the two girls right then and there, and Izuku is reminded that, despite being friendly with each other, they HAVE only known one another for less than a week. Hm, was he expecting too much, reaching too far, by trying to bag both of them at the same time? No… no, he could pull this off.

He's prepared for them to decide against it, prepared to coax them around to it and talk them both into it, when they seem to reach a silent understanding without him. Looking back at him, Mina raises an eyebrow questioningly.

"You want… to take us to an arcade?"

Something about her tone… Izuku can't quite pick it up. Using his Quirks, she sounds slightly confused and slightly derisive. She sounds… weirdly exasperated? Slowly, Izuku nods, trying to see the trap here, trying to figure out the way forward. Alas, even with all his Quirks… he can't quite navigate this interaction enough to avoid falling flat on his face, it seems.

Mina's face splits into a big grin, and she lets out a laugh.

"What, have you been living under a rock or something, Izuku? Arcades haven't been popular for over a century!"

It's bad enough that Mina is clowning on him, that's just her personality really, but then Kyoka nods along with her fellow woman and speaks up.

"We'll go to a Karaoke Parlor. I know of a good one near the school."

For a moment, Mina looks surprised by Kyoka's input, but then brightens up quick as a flash and snaps her fingers in the other girl's direction.

"Now THAT is a good idea! Sound like a plan, Iz-u-ku?"

As she draws out his name teasingly, he can't help but blush a little. Of course, his social Quirks are telling him to do so, and to just take it on the chin. He might be embarrassed, but a little humbling was good for the holder of both One For All and All For One. And besides… he could still get them both back later. Hmph, arcades might be a dead breed, but he'd made fun memories in a couple growing up. They didn't have to rag on him like that…

"Sure, sounds great. Meet you both here after school and Kyoka can lead the way?"

Mina enthusiastically nods, while Kyoka ducks her head but also smiles and ultimately nods. With plans made, the three of them hurry back to class. But Izuku can tell, both Mina and Kyoka's heads are in the cloud already. He's got them on the hook, the both of them. Now all that's left is to reel them both in.

-x-X-x-

As Mina finishes belting out the final lines of the song, Izuku and Kyoka watch on in amusement from their place on the couch, just a little separate from each other even now. Well, Izuku watches on in amusement. Kyoka's plugs are twitching and trembling, and she looks like she doesn't know whether to be mortified or not.

Mina really isn't the best singer. She's not the worst either, but that's mostly because she makes up for being tone deaf with her overall enthusiasm and gumption. Still, as she steps down from the small 'stage' in the private room the three of them have booked, she gives a knowing grin and a shrug, before holding out the microphone to Izuku.

"You're turn, yeah? Show is what you got, Midoriya!"

Izuku raises an eyebrow but takes the mike all the same, though he does glance towards Kyoka as he stands.

"You cool with that? You haven't gotten to go yet either…"

Kyoka rolls her eyes, though there's an appreciative little grin on her face. They'd only arrived at the Karaoke Parlor that Kyoka had recommended a short time ago. After getting some drinks (non-alcoholic of course) they'd made their way to their private room, which they currently had all to themselves for the next three hours.

Mina, being Mina, had immediately commandeered the mike and declared she would get the first song. Then, she'd launched into an admittedly wild rendition of said song, acting like she was drunk on life, considering she couldn't possibly be drunk on anything else. Drunken Karaoke MIGHT have been fun, but they were still a bit too young for that.

"Go ahead, Izuku. I want to hear what you can do."

Izuku just grins right back at her. Kyoka was starting to finally come out of her shell. That was good, because he didn't want her to feel like a third wheel or anything like that. Especially since… well, he'd already decided he was pursuing both these girls, hadn't he? And so, moving over to the machine, Izuku doesn't hesitate to cue up a love song. There are plenty, but with one of his Intelligence Quirks, he's able to find one that's perfect for his purposes. A song that, at its heart, is about a guy with feelings for two girls.

The song might not end with him getting together with both, but that's because it doesn't end one way or the other. It's open-ended, what happens after the song is over. So yeah, perfect for what Izuku is trying to do here. Made all the more perfect, by the Quirks he can cheat with.

Increased lung capacity, perfect control over his vocals, and half a dozen more Quirks all ramp up as Izuku lets the song start and then brings the mike to his lips and begins to… well, croon for lack of a better word. He watches Mina and Kyoka as he sings and knows immediately that he has them both. Kyoka looks floored, sat on the couch as she is, while Mina ends up collapsing back next to her, staring at him wide-eyed and gobsmacked.

Izuku gives it all he's got, and then some. With the Quirks he has at his disposal, 'cheating' on a social interaction like this really is child's play. Making himself the best singer either of them has ever heard is easy. Hell, if he wanted to, Izuku could very well start a career with his voice, going on to become a popstar. He just… doesn't want to. He wants what his father wanted for him. The fame and acclaim of being acknowledged as the number one hero… and all the power and influence to change society that came with it.

Still, everyone has to start somewhere, and so here Izuku is, using his 'dulcet tones' to seduce two of his classmates, one love song at a time. As the first of said songs finishes up, Izuku feigns ignorance of their reactions and looks at them both with wide, guileless eyes.

"So… how'd I do?"

Mina and Kyoka just stare at him incredulously for a long moment, before he lets the fake expression drop away and grins teasingly.

"That good, huh?"

His reveal that he knows exactly how good he is, goes a long way to breaking the momentary tension, as both girls flush and Mina lets out a bark of laughter. The pink-skinned young woman knows how to take a joke for sure, and what's a little friendly ribbing between friends, right? Kyoka on the other hand.

"… I'm not sure if I can even follow that up."

The purple-haired girl looks more put out than Izuku had initially thought she would, but he almost immediately understands why. She was hoping that she would be top dog in this interaction. After all, her Quirk gave her excellent hearing, and a serious ear for sound and how it all came together. She was probably pretty proud of her singing voice, but Izuku had just ruined that for her, hadn't he?

Or had he? Smirking, Izuku strides forward and holds out a hand to Kyoka, and a hand to Mina. To Kyoka, he just gives a half shrug and grins.

"Then don't. C'mon, both of you up now."

Blinking, the two girls take his hands and let him pull them to their feet. Izuku drags them over to the machine and brings up the song selection.

"Why compete, when we can work together instead and have more fun? You choose the next song, Kyoka… and we'll all sing it together."

"Ooh, I like that idea!"

Mina is quick to throw her support behind Izuku's suggestion of course, and with both of them pushing Kyoka onward, she ultimately nods, queueing up a song. Soon enough, the three of them are all singing together in the private room of the Karaoke Parlor. Frankly, the songs don't actually matter. Their singing capabilities don't either.

Sure, Mina might be the worst singer of the three of them, but she more than makes up for it with her enthusiasm. And thanks to his Quirks, though he has to be careful not to use any that are too overt or noticeable, Izuku is able to back her up and even support her, helping her modulate her tune more than once. Meanwhile, Kyoka is indeed a great natural singer thanks to her Quirk, just as he'd expected.

The end result? The three of them have a lot of fun together. The songs blend together, as they just get downright silly with it. There's not a lick of alcohol in sight. It never once enters the equation. But they act like they're drunk, even as they dance around the small private room and get hot and sweaty as song after song booms through the speakers for them to sing along to.

Izuku doesn't hesitate to push things to the limit either. He wants one specific thing from this evening… and that's intimacy with these two girls. He wants to evolve his relationship with both of them to the next level, as quickly as possible. As such, he doesn't hesitate to go for small, innocuous touches, getting them used to some early public displays of affection.

Mina is all too happy to touch him right back, even if it's harmless flirting at best and they're not putting their hands anywhere TOO risqué. Kyoka though, is definitely having a harder time of it at first, blushing up a storm and much more hesitant to reciprocate. But Izuku's social Quirks tell him he's definitely building towards something good, so he keeps it up, relying upon those Quirks to help guide him through the social minefield that is the act of courting two girls at the same time, right in front of each other.

He's not sure if he's going to have to make the first move or not. In a way, he's made a series of first moves that have led him up to this point. Now, he's waiting for Mina or Kyoka to do something. Probably Mina though, right? It only makes sense that the pink-skinned young woman would be the one to initiate-

In the midst of his thinking, just as the latest song is coming to an end, Kyoka suddenly leaps at him and wraps her arms around his neck, pulling him into a deep, tongue-filled kiss. Izuku is actually a little surprised in spite of his Quirks all but telling him something was going to happen eventually. He'd made this happen, but he'd got so caught up in his own thoughts that he'd still been slightly taken off guard.

Only slightly though. His hands go to Kyoka's hips just as she's self-consciously starting to pull away in mortification and embarrassment, and Izuku makes sure she can tell he's kissing her back, before he finally lets her go.

Mina, meanwhile, is staring at them both with her jaw dropped and her mouth wide open. Izuku can't help himself. Grinning cheekily, he steps over to her, places his hands on HER hips, and gives her a tongue-filled kiss too. He makes sure it lasts PRECISELY as long as his kiss with Kyoka did, before pulling back and giving Mina a wink. Then, he looks at both girls.

"I like you both. You're both really pretty. Do you think… we could have some fun together?"

If he'd asked them this back at lunch time, Izuku knows the answer would have been very different. But now? After an hour of getting high on life? With all the positive endorphins rushing through their bodies, after they'd just danced and sung their hearts out with each other? Mina and Kyoka share another glance, before blushing even harder. Even Mina, so confident and so full of life, is embarrassed and uncertain now. And yet, when they look back to him, they both nod in unison, seemingly in agreement with whatever he wants to do.

But here's the thing… Izuku could take charge… or he could throw the ball back to them. Ask them to tell him what they want to do, in what order. Or… does he just take control of the situation, and guide them both through what was almost certainly their first times? No matter what, he would rock their worlds. His Quirks and his own experience would make sure of that. But still… how to proceed from here?
Chapter 17: Mina Ashido & Kyoka Jiro Pt. 3
Chapter Text

After a beat, Izuku decides it would be unfair to expect either girl to step up to the plate right now, not when he's the one initiating everything. And besides, an idea comes to mind that he finds he definitely wants to implement. Grinning slightly, Izuku steps forward, causing both Mina and Kyoka to stiffen up in anticipation.

"Alright then… let's do another song, shall we?"

That gets some confusion from the two girls, even as he moves over to the karaoke machine and sets it up. When he hands them both microphones but doesn't take one for himself, their confusion only grows. Then, the song starts… and they both blush crimson as they realize it's a duet. For his final act before they start singing, Izuku has the two of them face each other, so they're staring right into each other's eyes.

As the song starts and they stammer their way through the lyrics, Izuku is not idle. How can he be, when he has two willing, nubile young women right in front of him? Sure, Mina might be pink and Kyoka's ear jacks might not be normal per say, but they're still both absolutely gorgeous in Izuku's opinion. His hands come down along their backs, and they both gasp as he glides his fingers along their bodies, all the way to their buttocks.

Groping and squeezing at their asses through their skirts, Izuku grins and pulls them both in a little closer to him. Mina and Kyoka stumble forward, still blushing like mad, but also still singing. As the song reaches the midway point, Izuku lets his hands finally dip under their skirts… and into their panties. Moving down between their thighs, he runs his fingers along their slits from behind, playing with and toying with their pussy lips for a few moments.

As they both get weak in the legs, as their voices get more and more breathless by the moment, Izuku waits for the precise moment to strike… and thrusts his fingers into their cunts in unison, at the exact same time. The reaction is immediate, especially when he applies a bit of… electricity from a Quirk to the movement. The shock is too minor for them to notice anything is off, but the effect is nevertheless felt as they both choke out the final words of the song in unison before collapsing to their knees right then and there.

Izuku can't help it. He chuckles, as he watches them gasp and shudder their way through a pair of mind-blowing orgasms. His hands, no longer occupied with their slits, are now free to do whatever they want. So of course, Izuku puts them in their hair, gripping down gently but firmly as he gives Kyoka and Mina a coy grin.

"Well, I wasn't going to assume… but since you're both already down there, you wouldn't mind taking care of my current predicament, would you?"

Their eyes, which had been focused on his face, finally slide down to his crotch… and go wide at the bulge they see there. Blushing, Mina is the first to act, reaching up and unbuckling his belt, unbuttoning and unzipping his pants. Kyoka hurries to help out, and together the two of them pull down Izuku's pants and boxers at the same time, letting his throbbing erection finally spring free, coming up right between their faces.

The girls both stare at it with wide eyes, while Izuku groans in not entirely feigned pleasure at finally having his cock out in open air. Indeed, it was good to no longer feel the almost painful pressure of being confined to his boxers. And more than that, their positioning means Mina and Kyoka's hot breath are both ghosting across his cock, even now.

"Fuck, that's good…"

They startle at his words, before blushing as they realize HOW they're making him feel good when they don't even have their mouths on his cock yet. Then, they lean in together and proceed to make up for that minor deficiency. Which in the end, was the point. Izuku wasn't about to tell them to do anything… he was guiding them through this, presumably their first sexual encounter. He was letting them explore themselves.

That was the sort of charge he liked to take, especially with new girls like these two. Mina and Kyoka might have both shown their own sorts of confidence, but at the end of the day, they were virgins, just like Momo. Nothing like Mirko or Nana. He would need to take it slow with them, to show them they didn't have to do anything they weren't ready for.

Unfortunately, just like with Momo that meant Izuku probably couldn't go all the way with Mina and Kyoka. Not today, on their first ever time together. Even as they begin to lick and lap at his cock, even as they start to nuzzle and suck at his fat shaft from either side, Izuku is relying upon his Social Quirks to tell him what's best here and they're all saying the same thing.

If he pushes for a full-blown threesome with these two fine young ladies right now, it will damage what their relationships could be in the long run. If he proceeds with fucking Mina and Kyoka like his libido is screaming at him to do here in this karaoke parlor, then he's only going to mess them both up in the head.

He'd gotten them to agree to have some fun with him, and so far, they were certainly willing to engage in some serious debauchery, but that was only because he'd made them cum so hard so fast. And while he COULD push them into sex, it would be a short-term gain at the expense of the long term. Ultimately… ultimately, it was better to keep things from escalating too far.

That didn't mean he couldn't enjoy himself with the two of them a bit more though. And he definitely needed to make sure they enjoyed themselves as well. As his cock twitches between their mouths, Mina seems to be the most enthusiastic… and it's not long before she's inadvertently pushing Kyoka out of the way, just so she can take him into her mouth properly.

As Mina bobs up and down on his cock, Kyoka looks put out for a second, unsure of what to do next… but then, something akin to resolve spreads across her face, and she hurriedly leans in to capture one of his balls in her mouth. Izuku can't help but groan at the feel of her tongue and lips, sucking down heavily on his ball sack, one nut after the other.

And at the same time, Mina's mouth feels amazing as well, wrapped around his throbbing cock. In no time at all…

"Ladies… I'm getting close!"

He could have held back. Could have kept from cumming altogether. Could have done any number of things with the Quirks at his disposal. But instead, he allows his natural libido to call the shots, allows his natural orgasm to swiftly arrive. At the inexperienced but enthusiastic hands of two girls like Mina and Kyoka, it certainly doesn't take long.

They respond to his words in different ways, however. Kyoka pulls back and looks unsure again… but Mina already seems to have an idea for how this is going to go in her mind's eye. And so, even as Kyoka is drawing away, the pink-skinned young woman grabs her new friend with an arm around her shoulders and drags her in close.

Their faces end up pushed together, smooshed against one another, right as Mina lets Izuku's cock pop out of her mouth, while her free hand strokes and jerks him off at an even quicker pace. Only a moment later, he blows his load all over their faces, Mina's mouth open and tongue lolling out, while Kyoka flinches back, blushing bright red in embarrassment… but not wholly against the ensuing facial, even though she's also not nearly as excited about it.

He can't escalate to sex today but ending things here would be just as bad. Relationships are all about reciprocation after all. That's why he has Momo so interested in him right now, she feels like she owes him something for his care of her the day of the Exam. Well, he's certainly not going to be left feeling like he owes anything to Mina and Kyoka.

Pulling the girls back over to the private room's couch, Izuku sits them down… and this time, it's he who drops to his knees. Their faces covered in his cum, they look at him with wide eyes as he slides his hands back under their skirts, tugging aside their panties. Fingering them both for a moment has them moaning in unison, only to glance at each other startled.

Then, eyes lidded, and face flushed, they lean in and begin to sloppily kiss one another, making out and stealing little licks of his seed from each other's faces.

Only then does Izuku move between Kyoka's legs and under her skirt, plying HIS tongue to her dripping cunt. The young woman squeaks into Mina's mouth but spreads her legs wider in response to grant him further access. His fingers remain inside of Mina's cunt as well, to make sure the pink-skinned girl doesn't feel left out.

He eats Kyoka out to a full orgasm, letting her squirt her pussy juices all over his face as she cums for him. Mina snickers at her squealing, only to yelp and squeak and blush all the same when Izuku moves over and gives her the same exact treatment. Indeed, it's Kyoka's turn to be amused, though she's a lot quieter about it, not teasing Mina at all, just watching instead as they hold each other close. The two girls are going to end up a lot closer to one another for all this bonding, that's for sure. And in turn, they'll be closer to him… but also, most importantly of all, willing to share him.

By the time Izuku has made Mina squirt with his tongue and fingers as well, the two have mostly cleaned each other's faces off of his cum. They still both look incredibly disheveled of course, and Izuku knows he looks much the same as he finally draws back, and they all look at each other in silence for a moment. Finally, after a proper period of time has passed, Izuku lets his face break out into a bright, sunny grin.

"I had a lot of fun, you two. I hope you both did as well."

Blushing, Mina and Kyoka exchange glances. It wasn't like they were childhood best friends before he approached them or anything. They had barely gotten to know each other either. Izuku can tell what's going through their heads. How had this happened? And… would it happen again?

Finally, they both smile and nod slowly. Mina is the first to speak.

"Y-Yeah… I did… Kyoka?"

Slowly, the purple-haired girl nods, swallowing thickly.

"… Yes…"

They'd learned as much about each other and themselves as they had about him, today. And the fact that neither was even questioning stopping here, nor pushing for more, made it clear to Izuku that what his Social Quirks were telling him was correct. This was a good stopping point. Some girls… some women, even, liked it forceful and rushed. Mirko came to mind, seeing as he'd had to pull out all the stops with her.

But others needed a gentler touch, and that was the category Mina and Kyoka fell into. Izuku wouldn't let this new relationship wither, he would be sure to water it… but for now, it was fine for them all to say their goodbyes and split up for the day. Especially since their allotted time in the private room of the karaoke parlor had come to an end.

As he steps away from the karaoke parlor however, Izuku immediately feels eyes on himself. Not just one set of eyes either, but two. Frowning, he checks his phone at the same time and discovers he has a message from Mirko on it. Asking if he wants to come over.

Standing there outside the karaoke parlor as Mina and Kyoka disappear into the distance, Izuku cocks his head to the side and lets his senses expand. He immediately identifies the two women watching him, for they are indeed female. He knows both of them by name. Is it surprising, that Katsumi Bakugou is stalking him after the beat down he gave her? Not really.

What IS surprising, is that Shouko Todoroki is apparently following him as well, watching him from a distance for whatever reason. Hm, this is probably because he showed her up, isn't it? Does she consider him a rival? Rather, what does Katsumi consider him, at this point? A threat? A danger?

His decisions at UA so far have certainly made him a really popular guy, haven't they? He's got a lot of eyes on him at this point. And even better, they're female eyes. Izuku had plans, and those plans DID involve a fair number of the fairer sex. He wanted to build the next generation of Pro Heroes right alongside him… and was it really so wrong to want to have deep, intimate connections with the women of that group?

He didn't think so. Especially not when they kept all but throwing themselves at him.

Hm. Still, he had a choice to make. And it WAS his choice. There wasn't a doubt in Izuku's mind that he could shake any tail, if he wanted to. He could even shake one tail while leaving the other a way to follow him, he was confident of that much. Which meant he could ditch both Katsumi and Shouko and go see Mirko again, take her up on her offer.

Or he could ignore Mirko's text, leaving her wanting for the time being and letting her need for him ratchet up even further, as his Quirks suggested he do. Which meant he would need to choose between Katsumi or Shouko instead. Which to lose, and which to let follow him to someplace a bit more secluded for a talk though?

Alternatively… he could just head home for the day. See if any of them tried anything. It'd be out of his hands then…

They hadn't tried anything yet, but that was probably because Izuku was first with Mina and Kyoka, and now was standing in a crowded place outside the karaoke parlor, ruminating on the array of decisions before him. Ultimately… he was going to have to decide how he wanted to do this.
Chapter 18: Mirko the Rabbit Hero Redux
Chapter Text

-x-X-x-

In the end, Izuku makes the choice he makes for two reasons. Number One, he refuses to let his Quirks control him, ever. His father might have been many things, but a puppet? Never. Izuku had inherited that personality trait from the man who had come to be known as the shadowy ruler of the Underworld, All for One. His Quirks did not control him, HE controlled his Quirks.

Number Two? He just really, really wanted to fuck Mirko again. That chocolate-skinned, incredibly toned bunny rabbit was fucking asking for it… literally, at this point. If she was going to send him text messages inviting him over, then fuck it. Izuku would answer the call, oh yes, he would, and screw what his Quirks were telling him to do. He was much more interested in enjoying Mirko's carnal delights again.

Of course, before he could head over to Mirko's place, he had to lose his stalkers. Katsumi and Shouko might have thought they were slick, but at the end of the day, they were a pair of girls playing games at too high of a level for them to even comprehend. Picking them out of a crowd was child's play. Losing them? Even easier.

Especially since they weren't out and out chasing him at their full speeds. No, they were trying to be subtle. And wasn't that just hilarious? Katsumi, the hot-headed explosion maniac, trying to be subtle. In comparison, Shouko with her distinctive half red hair and scarred face, was the height of sneaky… but when your comparison is to someone like Katsumi, that isn't saying much.

In the end, giving them both the slip is the work of moment. Izuku doesn't hesitate to put his less flashy Quirks to the test. Turning a corner, he scales a building well out of both of their lines of sight, and then turns on a Quirk that causes him to blend in with his surroundings, along with a Quirk that silences every sound he makes.

Invisible and silent as the grave, Izuku watches as first Katsumi and then Shouko reach the alley entrance that he disappeared into. Amusingly enough, this is where the two of them meet each other. Upon seeing that there's no one in the alley, merely the opening at the other end with another crowded main street, Katsumi's eyes widen, and she curses angrily. She's just about to bolt down the alley to try and 'catch up' with him, when Shouko arrives as well, catching her attention.

Izuku considers sticking around for a moment to listen in on the girls' conversation, but ultimately decides that just means he's cutting into his Mirko time. After all, the day is already getting late as it is, with the sun beginning to set over on the horizon. He can only really spend an hour or two with Mirko before he'll have to head home, so…

With a shrug, Izuku leaves the two stalkers to their confrontation, leaping from roof to roof without his impacts making any sound at all as he begins heading in the direction of one Rumi Usagiyama's home. The Pro Hero doesn't have a mansion or anything like that, but she does have a nice enough place. Probably a bit too big for her, if Izuku had to guess, and not quite lived-in… until she suddenly decided to work at UA and start up a relationship with one of her students.

Regardless, Izuku settles for the back door rather than the front, only making himself visible again once he's under the awning that opens out into Mirko's backyard. Then, cancelling his silencing Quirk as well, he reaches up and knocks.

There's a pregnant pause, and then he hears movement inside of the house. Suddenly, the door swings open, and there stands Mirko, eyes wide, big rabbit ears twitching like mad.

"H-How'd you get back here? I didn't even hear you coming!"

Izuku might have been worried about how he was going to answer that question under normal circumstances. However, as it is, he's too distracted by what Mirko is wearing to pay her words any mind. The beautiful, toned, dark-skinned teacher of Class 1-A and Pro Hero besides… is dressed in what looks to be an old-fashioned UA school uniform, two sizes too small for her.

Her white blouse is buttoned up all the way to its credit, but visibly straining at the front to contain her prodigious chocolate tits. Meanwhile, her skirt is… well, her skirt doesn't even manage to come down over her hips all the way. Not only are her ass and thighs practically on display with how they're poking out, Izuku doesn't even have to bend over to see the plain white panties she's wearing under the skirt. It's more like an over-sized belt, than an actual bottom garment.

Beyond that, she has on her signature white gloves and some white boots, but that's it. Not that she needs anything else… the ensemble is absolutely glorious as is, and Izuku can't help but wordlessly drink in her appearance. He COULD have found a realistic answer to her question… but instead he just looks at her after a long moment and raises an eyebrow.

Mirko blushes and quivers for a moment before reaching out and grabbing him by the hand, dragging him inside and closing the door behind him.

"N-Never mind that then. Um… r-right!"

Clearing her throat, the chocolate bunny puts on a coy, impish grin of delight, her eyes even glittering with clear mischief as she looks up at him.

"Hey Prof. Doing home visits now for your naughtiest students? Guess I've been a bad, bad girl and need to be punished, huh?"

Ah, so that was what this was. Mirko wanted to roleplay with him. Izuku didn't mind that, to be fair. No, he didn't mind that one bit. It seemed after their previous encounter; the beautiful Rabbit Hero had swung all the way around to embracing their new dynamic. She'd taken a swing at putting him in his place and struck out big time, so now… what, she was going to have him put her in her place, extra hard?

Well, Izuku could do that for her… but he wasn't going to do it on HER terms, no sir. If they were going to do this, then he was in charge, as always. Stepping forward, Izuku makes that abundantly clear by reaching out and finding Mirko's nipples with unerring accuracy through both her straining blouse and her outlined bra. He pinches down, hard, making Mirko squeak as her red eyes widen and her ears go ramrod straight.

"Ms. Usagiyama. What have I told you? We might be out of class, but you will address me with respect as either Professor or Sir… especially when I'm taking time out of my day to deal with YOUR special needs. Otherwise, I can turn around and leave right this moment, and you can handle your enhanced libido all on your own. Is that what you want, young lady?"

By the time he's done, Mirko's breathing is coming out in uneven pants, and her toned, muscular legs are trembling and shaking so damn hard he's not entirely sure she'd still be standing if he weren't currently pinching her nipples and holding her in place. Heh, she was just too easy…

"N-No sir… I m-mean… I'll be g-good, s-sir…"

Izuku just smiles a wolfish smile that makes Mirko's breathing increase in pace even harder.

-x-X-x-

A few minutes later, and they're in the Pro Hero's living room. Sitting on her couch, Izuku lounges back and watches as Mirko does all the work. She's so very eager to service him, so why not, right? This time around, he's encouraged her to put those huge tits of hers to use. As such, Mirko has pulled open her top, unbuttoning her already straining blouse and pulling the red bow around her neck free. She's also removed her bra, letting her large dark tits bounce freely.

Those very same tits are now wrapped around Izuku's sizable member, his throbbing, pulsating pale hard-on pressed between the valley of his chocolate bunny's chest, providing quite a bit of pleasure for him as the warmth of the softest part of Mirko's chiseled body engulfs as much of his cock as it possibly can.

Bunny ears twitching, she presses her tits along his length and slides them up and down, while leaning forward to let her tongue dart out and work away at his cockhead. Her ever-eager tongue pushes against his glans with an enthusiasm that makes it clear what the bunny wants… specifically, his thick cream, filling her mouth.

"I-Is this good, s-sir?"

He considers how to answer her for a moment, before deciding to go with a lazy response.

"It's fine. Not really about me, now is it young lady? This is about you and your needs. Is it good for you?"

His teasing tone makes it clear he knows exactly how good it is for her, and Mirko whimpers, blushing and ducking her head as she pants all the harder, right into his twitching cockhead.

"… Y-Yeah… yeah, i-it is…"

However, despite her words, she only slides her tits up and down his dick for a few moments longer before pulling back and standing up.

"N-Need it… need it inside of me, P-Professor. Right now."

Her hands bunch up her skirt, lifting it even though it really isn't necessary for him to be able to see just how much of a mess she's made of her plain white panties. The damn things are soaked right through, showing off just how aroused the chocolate bunny is. But then, to be fair, his cock, glistening with her saliva and throbbing with need, is just as ready for action.

When he says nothing and just stares at her expectantly, Mirko flushes even harder, hesitating for only a moment longer before she hastily shucks her panties off and climbs aboard. A moment later, the school girl version of his teacher is sliding down his meat pole, filling herself with his cock and moaning wantonly for it.

Izuku wastes no time in giving her what she's come to crave, of course, utilizing his Quirks to subtly drive her wild, as if it's just his dick and her own libido messing her up, rather than any other outside forces. Mirko is none the wiser, as she almost immediately cums for him, her entire body flexing and spasming atop his dick, as her gloved hands have to come down hard on his broad shoulders for support.

"F-F-Fuck!"

Smirking, eyes glittering with wicked glee, Izuku brings his hands up to grasp Mirko firmly by the hips, while making a tsking noise at her.

"Language, young lady."

Whining pitifully, the chocolate bunny begins to ride him, and for the time being, Izuku lets her. His grip on her hips would allow him to control things if he wanted to, but instead he lets her go to town, allowing her to control the pace, just as he had at the end of their first time together. After all, by the rules of this little game they were playing, Izuku was just here to be Mirko's domineering sex symbol. She was the only one getting what she needed here… supposedly.

In truth, he was very much getting what he needed. His throbbing cock felt amazing, wrapped up in her constantly clenching, rapidly flexing cunny. The beautiful Rabbit Hero's rippling thighs as she bounces up and down on his dick constantly smack into the top of his legs, while her sex tries and fails to find any purchase on his shaft. Her love canal is definitely TRYING to clench down on his dick and never let go, even with Mirko doing the bouncing, but she's too damn wet and too damn slick for it to work.

Even as her inner walls attempt to instinctively hold him inside of her, the gushing nature of her constantly cumming passage means she's riding him at a break neck speed, bouncing up and down on his dick like… well, like a bunny rabbit.

That said, even as Mirko cums again and again for him, Izuku is getting close as well. And… he's not exactly planning on cumming inside of her. Just like last time though, Mirko doesn't seem inclined to stop or pull back. She's going hard and fast, even though she should be able to tell he's getting close. That won't do. He's not looking to become a father.

At the last second, just like last time, Izuku grips down hard on Mirko's hips and despite the strength of the Rabbit Hero, pulls out. He yanks her up off of his dick and his seed explodes all over her coffee table instead. Mirko, in the middle of another explosive orgasm as she is, doesn't recover in time to do anything about it. By the time she's blinking and realizing the sudden absence of his dick, Izuku is ready to move.

Taking her down onto her back on the couch, he thrusts back into her a moment later, causing Mirko to squeal as he starts fucking her hard and fast all over again. Neither of them mentions that she almost let him cum inside of her. Neither of them talks about the potential for pregnancy. Izuku just keeps on fucking his teacher, who is currently dressed up in her old school uniform, and Mirko lays back and takes it, shuddering and spasming and cumming her brains out all the while.

-x-X-x-

A couple hours later, and Izuku figures it's time to go. They never did leave the living room, and he's cum everywhere BUT Mirko's pussy, but even still… it's probably about time for him to start heading home. He's not even all that tired, but the sun has set and it's getting dark out, so really, if he wants to get home safely, he should have left an hour ago.

Standing up and beginning to gather his clothing, Izuku rolls his shoulders.

"Well, that was fun. See you tomorrow in class, I suppose."

"Wha-? W-Wait… d-don't go… sir…"

Blinking, Izuku looks over to see Mirko pushing herself up, looking almost scared of the thought of him leaving.

"P-Please… s-stay. You could… sleep over? I-I've got more costumes if you wanted to see them?"

Izuku cocks his head to the side at that, considering the offer. He would have to let his mother know he wouldn't be home, but she was used to submitting to her son's wishes and wouldn't pose a problem, at least in the short-term. So, in the end, it really came down to what Izuku wanted to do.

On the one hand, more Mirko. On the other hand, sleeping over at his teacher's place was definitely a new step that he wasn't sure he wanted to take…
Chapter 19: Mirko the Rabbit Hero Redux Pt. 2
Chapter Text

"… Sure. Just need to call my mother and let her know I'm sleeping over at a friend's real quick."

His words are a calculation. He's being honest, to be fair, but also… he's curious to see exactly how Mirko will react to hearing him talk about needing to call his mom. Reminding her of his age, will it have any effect on the lusty bunny he's addicted to his body with his Quirks? For a brief moment, it seems to. Mirko flinches and flushes and looks… guilty for half a second.

But it passes as her eyes dip down to his cock, still out what with his clothing only gathered in his hands so far. He's not currently hard or anything like that, but his impressive specimen IS twitching a little bit, a consequence of being in such a hot piece of bunny ass' presence. Licking her lips subconsciously, Mirko lifts her eyes again and gives him a raunchy grin.

"Sure! Let mommy know you're busy! I'll go get changed and meet you in the bedroom!"

And with that, she twirls and leaves the living room behind, heading down the hall. Izuku watches her go, more than a little amused… and enjoying seeing her leave, what with her swaying chocolate ass and thicc thighs. Shaking his head, he grabs his phone from his discarded clothing and quickly pulls up his contacts. Calling his mom isn't exactly difficult, she picks up almost immediately.

"Izuku?"

"Hey mom, just wanted to let you know I'll be staying over at a friend's tonight, so don't expect me home."

"Oh? I-If you think that's best, honey…"

"I do. I'll see you tomorrow after school, maybe."

"Alright…"

And with that, the conversation is done. Not nearly long enough for Mirko to get changed, was it? Hm… Izuku considers that for a moment, before shrugging and heading to the kitchen to get himself a glass of water. After all, if the Rabbit Hero wanted to go all night long, he was going to need to be hydrated, heh.

-x-X-x-

Rumi can't believe she's doing this. But at the same time, she can't help herself. There's just something about Midoriya that… that sets her off like no one else. Her rabbit libido forces her to engage in sexual acts often in order to calm it down, but technically she could and HAD been handling that with just her hands and toys for years.

Now, suddenly, she was so obsessed with one of her students that she was inviting him over to her place after school, and more than that, dressing up in some seriously scandalous costumes, all for the purposes of keeping him around to fuck her more. Rumi knew she shouldn't… but her pussy, sopping wet and woefully empty, withers at the thought of sending him away. Her fingers just won't do it any more… nor will any of her toys. She'd TRIED with them, tried to avoid texting him… and ended up here all the same.

"Whoa."

Whirling around, Rumi blushes as she stands there in her latest costume, her appearance only meant for an audience of one… and that one has arrived. Izuku Midoriya stands in the doorway, still naked, still taller than her, still broad-chested and muscled and most importantly of all, still dangling a truly fat hog down between his legs.

His cock, mostly soft until now, immediately begins growing hard again at the sight of her. It feels like both a recrimination and a compliment, all at once. Blushing profusely, Rumi fidgets for a moment.

"L-Like it?"

Izuku mutely nods, moving further into the room, setting the half-drank glass of water in his hand down on the nightstand. Then, he moves to her and puts his hands on her hips. Rumi doesn't try to stop him, though she thought he might feast his gaze upon her appearance for a little bit longer. After all, it's not every day you get to see THE Mirko, THE Rabbit Hero… dressed as a sexy bunny rabbit.

Yep, she's wearing the old-fashioned shoulderless, open-backed leotard, complete with a cute little white collar and small tie that nestles down between her cleavage. On top of that, she's got on fishnet leggings and a pair of high heels. And of course, completing the entire ensemble, rather than having fake rabbit ears and a fake poof ball rabbit tail, Rumi has the real deal, as a result of her Quirk.

It's the sort of thing that the Rabbit Hero would never have been caught dead in… before meeting Izuku. One of her peers had bought her the costume originally as a prank, and after she'd beaten them black and bloody for it, Rumi had at least been able to laugh at the joke, even as she stuck the outfit in the back of her closet, never to be worn.

But then Midoriya had come along. Izuku Midoriya, her big-dicked, insatiable student. She couldn't say why she needed him to stay, to fuck her more, but she knew she needed it. And somehow, she'd known… this would get his attention.

"… You're such a fucking slut, Mirko…"

Her eyes widen at the crass recrimination, but before she can reply, Izuku is kissing her, sticking his tongue in her mouth and pulling her against his chest. For a moment, she melts away, moaning into him, her hands hurriedly dropping down to his cock and stroking him the rest of the way to full mast. She's proving him right, a distant part of her notes, but Rumi… Rumi just doesn't care.

When they pull away from one another, Rumi is panting heavily, but that doesn't stop her from speaking up.

"Call me… c-call me Rumi… p-please…"

He pauses at that, Izuku does. Looks at her… really looks at her for a moment. Then, abruptly, he swings her around and bends her over her own bed. Rumi doesn't hesitate to go along with it, her pussy absolutely sopping, her cunt drooling in anticipation. She's already torn a hole in the crotch of the bunny girl outfit too, exposing her pussy… and even her asshole if he were so inclined.

As her back arches, what with her legs ram rod straight but her face now down in the bed before her, Izuku snorts, fitting his cockhead up against her ready and waiting slit.

"I think… I should call you whatever I want Ru-mi~"

The way he elongates her short first name makes it sound so damn dirty. Or maybe that's just how good his cock feels at her entrance, despite the fact that he's not even entered her yet. One way or another, Rumi can't help herself. She shamefully cums right there on the spot, before he's even penetrated her, squealing into the bedding to try to hide her voice… but to no avail.

Izuku chuckles, having clearly noticed her climax, and a moment later he's inside of her, gripping her by the hips and fucking her hard and fast from behind.

"To think you prepared an outfit like this in advance… you knew you were going to try to get me to spend the night, didn't you?"

Half-true. She'd known she was going to try and get him to spend the night… b-but it wasn't like she'd gotten this outfit for him personally or anything! No… that was the o-other outfit she'd ordered. Still, there's no point in quibbling over semantics, especially not when he's fucking her so furiously and soundly from behind, just as she'd been hoping for. Rumi can't stop squealing, her rabbit ears twitching and throbbing on the top of her head along with every other part of her.

He must notice them, because he suddenly reaches out and grabs hold of her ears, yanking them backwards and tugging her head along with them in the process. Rumi's red eyes go wide for a moment before fully rolling back in her skull as she climaxes explosively yet again right on the spot. And he doesn't let up from there either. He continues pulling on her oh-so-sensitive ears while fucking her hard and fast from behind.

It doesn't matter how tough, or strong or fit Rumi is. In that moment, all she is… is a woman. Bent over, body shuddering, spine arched, flesh quivering, the Rabbit Hero cries out in a rather lewd and crude way, unable to contain her voice now that her head has been pulled up from the bed.

As she's moaning and squealing up a storm, Izuku is chuckling, his fingers rubbing up and down the length of her ears, even as he pulls them back.

"Kind of cute, to be honest."

Rumi's eyes widen again. He releases her ears a moment later, and she nearly face plants in the bed, only barely catching herself on her palms instead. His hands go back to her ass, and one comes down hard on her fishnet-clad chocolate derriere.

SMACK!

Head lowered, hair in her face, the Rabbit Hero can barely think straight as he fucks AND spanks her silly. There's a puddle of her juices, forming down between her legs. She's cum more times than she can count, while he… he's unrelenting, but also hasn't released again yet. He could… if he chose to. She's never been more helpless. Never been weaker.

If he wanted to, he could easily cum inside of her right now. With these high heels on, her hips are raised perfectly to his level, giving him access to slam into her cunt nice and deep every single time. Her thicc thighs and toned ass cheeks jiggle, both from the impact of his thrusting and from his palm strikes across her posterior.

She's not fighting it. She's not even trying to stop him. He could fill her up and breed her and she wouldn't be able to do anything about i-!

With a grunt, Izuku pulls out of her, and a moment later the hot splatter of seed coats her fishnets and her sexy bunny girl leotard, making Rumi flinch as she's torn forcefully from her thoughts. Stumbling forward, she lands on the bed as he lets go of her, falling onto her side and looking back at him.

"H-hey. That… um…"

Izuku looks at her with a raised brow.

"If that's all you wanted, I should probably get going… I can still make it home, no need for me to spend the night if we're done now, right?"

"W-Wait! No! I've got more!"

A surge of adrenaline rushes through her, and Rumi hops up off of the bed, grabbing her student by his bare shoulders and spinning them around, pushing him down to sit on the edge of the bed.

"Just… just w-wait!"

Hurrying into the bathroom, where she set up her OTHER outfit, Rumi doesn't dally. She strips out of her cum-stained bunny girl costume and hurriedly puts on the other one. This one… this one she had bought… f-for him. She'd had it sent the fastest she could, paying extra on the shipping to make it a one day delivery, in fact. Hopefully… he would like it. No… she KNEW he would like it. There was no doubt!

Pulling her hair into a ponytail, Rumi looks at herself in the mirror for a moment, posing this way and that… and then saunters out into the bedroom again, grinning wickedly, flushed as all hell in excitement.

"How a-about this, huh? This is your thing, yeah? You like this, right?"

She gives him a few poses as she speaks, letting Izuku see every bit of her. Gone is the bunny girl costume. In its place… is an even more scandalous, even more slutty, maid uniform. Not that it could, in any stretch of the imagination, be called a 'uniform'. More, it's a set of very sexy lingerie with the THEME of maid play baked in.

Fishnet gloves and fishnet stockings go well with her fishnet bikini top. On top of that, she's got a little while apron that starts under her boobs and drapes down over her crotch, covering nothing at all. As well as a short frilly mini skirt that leaves pretty much nothing to the imagination. The skimpy maid bonnet arranged atop her head like a tiara is only the icing on the cake.

Pleased to see that she's rendered Izuku Midoriya speechless, Rumi saunters up and drops to her knees between his legs. Grabbing his cock, she slaps it down across her barely contained tits a few times, moaning as the last bits of his previous load glaze the top of her chocolate chest. Then, she begins to lick and suck at the head of his cock, staring up at him all the while as he grows thick and hard and throbbing again in her hands.

She basks in his attention, basks in the feel of his cock in her mouth, her lips suctioned down around the massive member and slurping away enthusiastically. Only, he's not grabbing her by her ears or her hair. She put her hair up in a ponytail specifically so he could take charge whenever he wanted. She's only sucking on the head of his cock right now, specifically to tease him into forcing her to go deeper.

He doesn't. Instead, he's looking down at her with a curious expression on his face. Finally, he speaks. His tone isn't nearly as excited as she wants it to be.

"Mirko… no, Rumi. What exactly do you want from me, huh?"

What?

"It's just… you're trying really hard here. I get that you like it when I fuck you, really, I do. But this much… is it really just your physiology acting up? How did you calm your raging libido before me, huh? Or… is there something else you want from me, that you haven't admitted?"

Rumi freezes in place, her lips still around his cock, but no longer sucking. She stares up at him, wide-eyed at being called out so bluntly. Because… it's true. He's right. There is something she wants from him, something she's refused to admit wanting, isn't there?

She wants… to be bred. To be knocked up. To be pumped full of cum and turned into a proper brood bunny by Izuku Midoriya's intoxicating, big fat cock. She wants him to impregnate her.

But she can't SAY that, right? She can't… she can't just come out and admit it. For one, getting pregnant right now would be a bad idea. Getting pregnant via one of her students would be a TERRIBLE idea. So r-really… she needed to deny, deny, deny.

Except, he probably wouldn't just buy it if she completely disagreed with him. He could tell something was up, couldn't he? She had to figure out a cover… something that was maybe a half-truth?

Rumi blushes, as she thinks fast. She's already reluctantly pulling off of his cock, because it's obvious from his piercing gaze that he expects an answer and fast. As his member pops out from between her lips, Rumi opens her mouth, not entirely sure what even SHE is going to say in that moment.
Chapter 20: Mirko the Rabbit Hero Redux Pt. 3
Chapter Text

"Pleasecuminsidethistime!"

The words spill out of her mouth before she can second guess them, exploding forth from her lips at such a rapid pace he might not even hear her. Except… Izuku stops dead in his tracks. Standing over her, his twitching cock inches from her mouth, he looks down into her red eyes… and slowly lifts a single eyebrow.

"Pardon me?"

Rumi blushes crimson, the dark-skinned Rabbit Hero quivering under that gaze. He knows. He knows exactly what she said. He might be asking for clarification, but the truth is, he doesn't need it. Which means… there's no point in trying to backtrack or obfuscate the truth here. It's too late. She can't take it back. She might as well… give in.

"I want… I want you… to cum inside of me…"

When Izuku doesn't immediately respond, Rumi pushes back, getting up off of the ground and off of her knees, and walking back to the bed. Sitting down, the Rabbit Girl, dressed in her insanely slutty Sexy Maid costume, spreads her legs apart, yanking both her little white apron and her skimpy black and white skirt off of her body in the process.

Exposing her sopping wet slit, Rumi spreads her legs far and wide. She doesn't care that Izuku Midoriya is her student anymore. She doesn't care that he's supposed to be her charge. They're so far past that, it isn't even funny. In such a short amount of time… Rumi Usagiyama has been broken by Midoriya's big fat cock. She can't imagine a life without it. Can't imagine a life without HIM. She wants… she wants more though. She wants to be bred, and she's sick and tired of lying to herself about that.

Using two fingers, Rumi leans back and splays her pussy lips apart, knowing her face is flushed, knowing that she's acting like… like a horny little bunny deep in heat, rather than the Pro Hero she's supposed to be. But she just can't help it anymore. Her core clenches as she spreads herself wide open for Izuku to gaze upon, and she knows… she knows this is what she needs to be doing.

"Please, sir… please use my p-pussy as much as you want. A-And from now on… c-cum inside every single t-time…"

Panting heavily, working up a full-head of steam now, Rumi's eyes flutter as she turns herself on immensely with her own words.

"M-My slutty, obscene bunny womb craves your hot fat tool! I need it! I want to be bred! S-So please… please fill me up with your virile seed!"

For a long moment, Izuku remains silent. Rumi's heart begins to stutter to a stop. Surely… surely, he wasn't going to say no, r-right? Wasn't this every young man's dream? She was Mirko the Rabbit Hero! Sure, she'd debased herself quite thoroughly in front of him by this point, but that didn't change anything, d-did it?!

Before she can get too caught up in her own thoughts however, Izuku does finally move forward. Rumi's heart beats even faster, her entire body tensing up in anticipation as he climbs onto the bed with her. However, instead of immediately going between her legs, he goes further up. Grabbing a fistful of her hair, the young man who's so utterly conquered her with his cock pushes her head back into the bed, and thrusts said cock up between her tits, under the skimpy, frilly, string-bikini top she's wearing.

Rumi can only gasp, as his throbbing erection pulses against her heart directly, her heartbeat quickly coming into line with that pulsating nature of his hot cock. She stares down at where his tip, leaking precum even now, pokes out from between the top of her tits, and then up at him, red eyes wide.

He looks… concerned.

"Are you sure about this, Rumi? You… want me to cum inside of you?"

Nodding enthusiastically, Rumi finally reaches up and squishes her tits around his slowly thrusting cock, creating a tighter love tunnel between her chocolate breasts for his pale cock to push through. At this point, there's no hiding it anymore, so why even try?

"Y-Yes!"

"… I'm not sure that's a good idea."

He wasn't rejecting the idea outright! Rumi's panting breaths grow somewhat energetic, as she realizes he's thinking about it. He's considering it. Her student, who's so effortlessly dominated her and left her addicted and obsessed with his cock, can still be convinced!

"I-It's fine, isn't it!? You don't have to w-worry about a thing! I'm already taking a sabbatical from Hero Work! So now is the perfect time for me to have a kid!"

Izuku hums, considering that for a moment before frowning.

"… You don't think it'll be suspicious, you suddenly getting pregnant? What if someone connects the dots?"

He's clearly thinking about this logically. Unfortunately, Rumi can't think things through. Her brain is on the fritz, her thoughts all focused on one thing and one thing only. She needs it. She needs him to cum inside. It's all she wants in this moment. And so, squishing her tits to his cock, her rabbit ears twitching, Rumi stares up into Izuku's eyes with her neediest expression and begs.

"I'll tell them it was from a one-night stand! I've always b-been something of a delinquent, no one will second guess it! Please! Please sir, please fuck me! Please knock me up! Please turn me into your filthy little brood-bunny!"

Midoriya only hesitates for a moment longer. Then… he pulls back out of the valley of her tits, his decision made. For an instant, Rumi's heart stops as she thinks he's pulling away altogether. But no, he comes back down between her legs, wraps his arms around them to lift them into the air… and thrusts into her, even as her feet knock back, and her eyes roll around in her skull.

"Fine. On your head be it."

"YESSSSSS!"

His cock savages her cunt without mercy, his throbbing shaft slamming home into her pussy right then and there. It's far from the first time they've fucked by this point, but at the same time, it feels like the first time all over again. Having him inside of her might be nothing new by now, but having him inside of her with the express intent of cumming in her, of filling her womb to the brim with his virile seed?

It completely changes the experience, especially now that she's stopped fighting her own instincts, and is allowing herself to eagerly anticipate the coming creampie without an ounce of trepidation. Squealing as Izuku buries his cock in her quim and his face in her tits, Rumi's hands fall back on either side of her head. She claws at the bedding beneath her, while arching her back the entire while. Panting, moaning, mewling, the Rabbit Hero is reduced to little more than a puddle of wanton goo under Izuku Midoriya.

When Izuku cums inside of her naught but a few minutes later, Rumi has already climaxed half a dozen times on his cock. She's not surprised he came so fast of course. They'd been engaging in a lot of foreplay ahead of time, what with the blowjob and the titjob. But it doesn't matter. His seed fills her womb, and for a moment Rumi outright blacks out from the pleasure, her vision completely obscured for a moment before she comes back to herself.

It's like taking a heavy blow in the middle of combat… except all of the good and none of the bad. It feels amazing, his sticky hot seed coating her insides. But at the same time… it doesn't feel like nearly enough.

Izuku, apparently, agrees. Rumi can only squawk, as he suddenly pulls out of her and tosses her over onto her front. Yanking her up onto her hands and knees, he slams home into her again with no hesitation, beginning to fuck her cream-filled bunny cunt from behind like there's no tomorrow.

"I suppose now that you're finally being honest to me, and I've already agreed to spend the night… there's no point in holding back, is there?"

Rumi's eyes widen at that. He'd been holding back?! Gurgling, she happily shakes her head as best as she's able.

"N-No! No, nnngh, point at all! Fuck me! FUCK ME, IZUKU MIDORIYA!"

Chuckling darkly at that, her student reaches forward, and grabs hold of her ponytail, wrapping Rumi's white hair around his hand and making a fist as he yanks her head back.

"Oh? Whatever happened to sir?"

Rumi blushes profusely at that, at the feel of him treating her hair like a set of reins as he fucks her. She hadn't even meant to do it, but that bit had slipped out as well, hadn't it? She whimpers, as mental images of her with a collar and leash and Izuku holding one end of that leash flit through her mind's eye. For a brief moment, she'd considered throwing that out there as a cover, a smokescreen to hide her true desires.

If she had, she would be calling him Master now. Wearing a collar. Acting like his little bunny slave, more than likely. And while that did sound rather hot… it wasn't really Rumi. Not all of her, anyways. More than anything… she wanted Izuku to knock her up, not turn her into his sex slave. She'd take being his brood-bunny over his sex pet any day of the week. Still…

"S-Sorry, a-ah, sir… sorry…"

S-SMACK!

As if waiting for her apology to give him permission, Izuku brings his free hand down on Rumi's upturned chocolate ass in a hefty smack. The Rabbit Hero can only squeal, as she's spanked so suddenly and so readily.

"Apology accepted."

He sounds so smug about it… but then he has every right to be. Nothing she can do at this point will let her resist him. She's surrendered to his conquering cock utterly, hasn't she? When Izuku cums in her again, they just change up positions once more. This time, she's riding him while he lays back and lets her do the lion's share of the work.

But even then, he's still thrusting up into her from below, meeting her bouncing hips with considerable force. His stamina… is incredible. Maybe endless. His Quirk is so damn impressive, and Rumi can't get enough of how much energy he's got stored up in that young, chiseled body of his. She really, really can't get enough.

After cowgirl, he holds her in a standing fuck and bounces her up and down on his cock himself as she clings to him like a spider monkey. And after that, he takes her in a mating press, flat on her back, legs up against her chest as she squeals and screams and creams herself on his cock again and again.

Each and every time, he cums in her. Each and every time, he fills her to the brim with his seed. When it's finally over, Izuku slumps back onto the bed beside her, barely out of breath as she just lays there, twitching and trembling. Eyes rolled back, tongue lolling out, Rumi looks quite insensate, which is probably why he finally stopped. Not because he was tired or anything, but because he'd completely wrecked her from start to finish.

"Man, I can't even remember how many times I came. You know, Rumi? Heh… guess we'll talk in the morning."

Unbeknownst to Izuku, while Rumi IS mostly insensate, there's a small part of her mind that's still thinking, still… operating. Shut off from the rest of her senses, this part of Rumi is already considering the future. Izuku is clearly too much man for one woman, even her, to handle. And if she's going to keep his interest even after she gets pregnant, she'll have to take… hm, drastic measures, won't she?

It just so happened that the new Homeroom Teacher of Class 1-B Ryuko Tatsuma, was a colleague of hers and a friend. She could start there. The only question was, how far did Rumi want to take this? Was she going to start feeding Izuku the entire female faculty of UA, or keep it to just Ryukyu? Or maybe… even see about including some of the female students?

Perhaps… perhaps this was a bad idea in general. Did she even really WANT to share Izuku with anyone else? Even as that small part of Rumi's mind considers the dilemma however, the rest of her is finally shutting down, until the 'lights' are turned off so to speak, even for that still thinking part of her. As she passes out, the Rabbit Hero has only one last thought… of just how satisfied she is, filled to the brim with Izuku Midoriya's cum.

-x-X-x-

They don't talk the next morning, mostly because Rumi wakes Izuku up with a good morning blowjob instead, and Izuku thoroughly enjoys that before being on his way. Pilfering some breakfast from Rumi's kitchen, he hastily makes his way home to get cleaned up and into a fresh set of clothing, before racing over to the school.

Honestly… he might have underestimated his Quirks, or perhaps Rumi's rabbit physiology. To see his Homeroom Teacher go from suspicious of him to this state in such a short amount of time… well, at least she was happy? There was no denying that. Once she'd finally given into her instincts and he'd let her convince him to breed her, she'd been very, VERY happy indeed. Hadn't been able to stop squealing, in fact.

There was no doubt in Izuku's mind that if he didn't knock her up last night, Rumi would find time for him to do so soon. And… who was he to say no to her, really?

… Okay, okay. So, it probably almost definitely jeopardized his plans at least a little bit. He was risking a lot, engaging in such activities with Mirko the Rabbit Hero when he likely still had eyes on him from everything that had happened with All for One. But at the same time… his father had set this all up, had he not? He'd been the one to warp UA's faculty into what it was now. So clearly, All for One had expected Izuku to utilize them all in SOME way.

He refused to second guess himself too much. While it was good to avoid becoming arrogant and reckless to the point of stupidity, Izuku wasn't going to dwell on the pass for too long. What was important was the next steps he would take going forward.

And that includes focusing on his studies. As Izuku steps into the classroom for his Foundational Heroics Studies class, he can't help but grin a little bit at seeing Nana at the head of the class. The Heroics Course was in good hands, though no one else in Class 1-A recognized Nana, of course. She was something of a woman out of time, after all.

"Hello, everyone. Please remain standing, we won't be staying in the classroom for long. In fact, we'll be heading to the locker rooms for you all to get changed into your hero costumes here in a second, and then we'll be moving to Grounds B for your first Battle Trial."

She pauses for a moment, letting the wave of excitement cascade through the class at the thought of actually getting to wear their costumes and do some fighting. Izuku can't deny that he's part of that wave, a savage grin spreading across his face and his hands clenching into fists at his sides.

"But first, I figured I'd answer the obvious with an introduction. Who am I? I'm Nana Shimura, one of your Heroics Teachers for this year. However, that doesn't tell you much, does it? You probably want my credentials, so to speak."

There's some glances at that, and some quiet nods. No one actually speaks up though. Nana stands there, large and in charge, with a quiet confidence built from once being a wielder of One for All. She might not have been as popular and world-renowned as All Might, but she was still a big deal, back in her day.

Chuckling, Nana just nods.

"Right. Simply put… I was All Might's mentor. He was my student, back when he was your age."

The reaction to that statement is undeniably explosive. The class erupts in questions, and in one particular case, a brash accusation.

"What the fuck are you talking about?! You're not nearly old enough to have taught All Might!"

Katsumi Bakugou can't help running her big mouth. What else is new, Izuku thinks to himself drily. Still, the question is an obvious one, and gets some nods from the rest of the class, even if plenty of them look put off by the way Katsumi asked it. Nana, meanwhile, just laughs.

"Hah! You're not wrong! There's a fairly simple explanation for that though. Quirk Interaction."

That shuts even Katsumi up long enough for Nana to explain.

"I was assumed dead a couple decades back after a fight with a villain. Only recently was it discovered that I had been captured alive and had a Quirk used on me that put me in stasis, freezing me in time."

Here, Nana smirks and finally gets to the point of all of this.

"I was saved more recently by All Might's own student… a young man you all are just getting to know. Izuku Midoriya."

Everyone's eyes turn to look at Izuku, but he's not caught off guard, or even remotely upset by this. After all, this time around, Nana had talked about doing this with him beforehand. This was all part of the plan. Needless to say, Izuku suddenly had a LOT of wide-eyed students staring at him in shock and awe.

Before they can actually truly begin to react however, Nana claps her hands together sharply and gets their attention back on her.

"Now then, I want you all to go and get changed! And don't forget… from now on, you're all, each and every one of you, heroes just like Izuku here."
Chapter 21: The Battle Trial
Chapter Text

Izuku won't lie, he's really feeling himself by the time he gets out to Grounds B with the rest of his class, all of them dressed in their hero costumes. Preliminary designs one and all, even his own, and yet they're still dreams made reality. His in particular takes some mild inspiration from All Might, though most of the design is his. In the end, he needs to keep up the ruse, needs to have hints of his mentorship to the Hero here and there.

So yes, the top of his helmet looks a little bit like the spikes of All Might's hair. An homage, if anything. The rest of his outfit is purely his own… and he notices that Katsumi did something similar with her own costume, the spikes coming off the back of her head looking both like an explosion and an homage to All Might's hair at the same time.

No matter. Even if she's glaring daggers at him as they all group up in front of Nana again, Izuku has no problems with ignoring her. Katsumi Bakugou… is beneath him, and ultimately meaningless in the grand scheme of things. Let her seethe. Let her plot. When she does come after him again, he'll deal with her however he's going to deal with her. It's not like she's a threat, after all.

"Welcome, everyone… to the Trial of Battle. This Hero Course will be mainly centered around combat. You all will be split into teams of two and grouped into villains and heroes. The villain pairs will be guarding a weapon in one of the buildings behind me, a weapon that can devastate a large area, if left unattended. The hero pairs, meanwhile, are going to try and stop them. Does everyone understand?"

Nana's explanation doesn't leave much to misunderstand, so after a round of murmurs and nods from the class, she smirks.

"Good, then let's begin with pairing you all off."

The pairings are decided by a lottery, a random digital interface effectively pulling their names out of an invisible, metaphysical hat. Or rather, it was technically supposed to be. Izuku was not above manipulating the results just a little, and after so long, he'd made a decision on exactly who he was going to be paired with.

"Izuku Midoriya… and Momo Yaoyorozu!"

The Class Representative jolts at that, before looking to him with wide eyes and a blush. To her credit, Momo's reaction lasts only a second before she manages to get herself under control and walks over to stand by his side. Anyone who saw it would probably just think she was still a little starstruck from the reveal that Izuku was All Might's student and had saved Nana Shimura from some sort of villainous stasis quirk. They probably wouldn't be able to intuit that the real reason Momo was so unsure of herself around Izuku was that he'd gone down on her back during the Recommendation Exam they'd done together.

Regardless, as she approaches, Izuku finds a lot to admire about her hero costume. There were elements of it to be improved upon to be sure, but as far as first drafts went, it wasn't bad. He knew that the amount of skin she was showing was only because of how her Quirk worked, sort of like Midnight the R-Rated Hero, but with Momo being far more innocent and less perverted than Midnight. Though, how much longer would that last, hm?

Standing side by side, Izuku gives Momo an easy grin and a nod.

"Good to be working with you, Class Rep."

Blushing a little, but exercising sterling self-control, Momo smiles back, dipping her head.

"You too… please, call me Momo."

Izuku opens his mouth, intending on agreeing and then continuing this little conversation, but before he can do so, Nana's voice breaks in again.

"Alright, with all of you paired off now, let's get to it! First up… will be Izuku Midoriya and Momo Yaoyorozu as the heroes, versus Katsumi Bakugou and Tenya Ida as the villains!"

Izuku hadn't manipulated THOSE results. He'd left it completely up to chance. As such, his mildly surprised reaction is just as genuine as Katsumi's jolt and the way the explosive bully whips her head in his direction, a hungry grin on her face. Despite how he'd kicked her ass in their little private duel, despite how he'd easily ripped her a new one… she was still intent on getting back at him. She really thought she had a chance.

It would almost be cute, really, if Izuku wasn't surrounded by plenty of cuter girls and women. Katsumi was… she was hot, but her personality was also rotten. He wasn't sure he wanted anything to do with her… her OR her weird hang-ups, and whatever the fuck that scent of arousal had meant back in that clearing.

As the two pairs Nana called out separate from the rest of the Class and move over to the building, Izuku and Momo watch as Katsumi and Tenya head inside. Nana explains the rules in a bit more detail, and Izuku listens with half an ear, filing away the pertinent information as he considers what to do here. He's half-expecting Momo to be the one to turn to him with a plan… but it's obvious her Type-A personality is currently running head first into her uncertainty regarding their dynamic.

"What… what do you think we should do, Izuku?"

Alternatively, she was still struck by his relation to All Might, and the revelation that he'd been doing heroics before even getting into UA. Smiling slightly, Izuku shrugs.

"Katsumi hates me. So, tell me this… do you think you can handle Tenya, all on your own?"

Momo pauses for a moment and Izuku is pleased to see her giving the question the actual consideration it deserves. Finally, though, 1-A's Class Rep nods her head sharply and decisively.

"Yes. Yes, I can."

Rolling his shoulders, Izuku brings his hands together in front of him, a fist into a hand.

"Then that's our strategy. Katsumi will focus on me above all else, so I'll keep her busy. I'll trust in you to take down Tenya and complete the objective. I'm counting on you, Momo."

Hearing her name pass through his lips does all sorts of interesting things to the young heiress, before she gets herself back under control. Izuku hides a grin, as she nods yet again.

"I w-won't let you down."

While there is that waver in her voice, she also sounds quite determined and resolved. Izuku finds a lot to admire in that and watches her go for a moment after they enter the building together and immediately split up.

With his Quirks, it's not hard to track down Katsumi, prowling through the halls as she is. Just like he expected of her, she's hunting for him rather than staying with the objective and utilizing teamwork to fight him and Momo together. And that's just fine with Izuku, because he had Tenya's measure, and was quite confident that Momo COULD take the boy in a one on one fight. She wouldn't let him down.

And even if she did, well… Izuku would just beat Katsumi and then go on to beat Tenya and finish the objective anyways. But it wouldn't come to that. He was sure of it. He was so sure in fact that-

Rearing back, Izuku dodges the explosion suddenly in his face as Katsumi blows up right in front of him, lunging at him and swinging wildly with those grenade arms of hers. He'd known she was stalking him of course, but he'd pretended like he didn't realize she was there, even keeping up a running commentary in his head to make sure that outwardly, he really sold the lack of notice.

Now though, they were engaged in combat once more, with Katsumi snarling as she tries to hit him and fails again and again.

"Not gonna go like it did last time, D- Midoriya. I know your secrets now!"

Izuku smiles a little bit. It looked like Katsumi COULD be taught. How nice. Still, he can't help but laugh a little, as they dance through the corridor, Katsumi still swinging wildly and exploding the area with every punch.

"Oh? Yes, you know who taught me how to use my Quirk after I awakened it saving your life. It was All Might himself. Congratulations, you've uncovered the critical piece of information."

Katsumi's eyes widen in outrage at his mocking tone, and she snarls.

"Fuck you!"

Scoffing, Midoriya slides past her latest explosive punch before suddenly going on the offensive and grabbing her by the bicep. For a moment, the world almost seems to freeze as Katsumi finds her momentum abruptly arrested by his hold, their eyes meeting for a brief second.

"Not in a million years."

And then he throws her directly into the wall, watching her slam into it and crater it with a grunt. To her credit, Katsumi manages to explode her back so that the wall doesn't do as much damage as it otherwise would have, literally cushioning herself with the blast amusingly enough. And thanks to that, she's on her feet a moment later, looking more incensed than ever before. Izuku recognizes the look, recognizes the anger. Katsumi is about to get a lot more violent, and a lot more explosive, possibly than she ever has before.

He can still handle it though. In fact, he intends to. Raising his hands, rather than curling them into fists he uses them to beckon Katsumi forward, making a come hither gesture with both and smirking through his mask. She sees it, of course. She sees it, and it only fuels the fires of her rage even more. Just before she can jump at him however…

"The Trial is over. Izuku Midoriya and Momo Yaoyorozu are the victors. The weapon has been recovered by the Hero Team."

For a moment, Katsumi looks dumbfounded as Nana's projected voice echoes around them. Then, she looks positively furious, and like she's going to attack him anyways.

"All four of you exit the building immediately, please, so we can talk about your Trial."

Izuku takes that opportunity for what it is, giving Katsumi a simple, disrespectful salute and then turning his back on her and walking away. As pissed as she is, Katsumi won't attack him while he's facing away with her, especially not against direct orders from their Heroics Teacher, after the combat is already over. But one thing's for shit-sure… she's not going to let this go any time soon.

Izuku doesn't care, all that much. As they all go over the Trial, Izuku gets to see Momo and Tenya's side of things. As expected, Momo hadn't played around. Her advanced tactical training, along with her Quirk, had allowed her to take Tenya down nonlethally and retrieve the weapon in the scant few minutes that Izuku and Katsumi had engaged.

Momo explained what she'd done and how she'd done it in such clear and concise detail that Nana even named her as the MVP of the Trial, even though Momo made a point of clarifying that it was Izuku who had devised the plan in which they split up and he acted as distraction. Izuku didn't mind Nana's decision though… quite frankly, he agreed with it.

If he'd provided a distraction that somehow managed to pull in both Katsumi AND Tenya and allowed him to completely keep the pair occupied while Momo won the day, then maybe he would have felt entitled to MVP. But in the end, all he'd really done was give Momo a fighting chance, a fair one-on-one duel against Tenya. Everything else, including Momo completing the objective while he kept Katsumi distracted, was her win.

Despite their Trial being over, he and Momo stand next to each other as the next fight happens, though that one is over even quicker than theirs was. When Shouko has her teammate stand outside and uses her incredibly powerful Ice Quirk to freeze their opponents in place so she can just walk in and touch the weapon, Izuku can't decide whether he's impressed or bemused. In the end, as the rest of the Trials continue on and that fight turns out to be the shortest and most one-sided, he reluctantly decides he's impressed.

Still, there's no denying HE has the focus of most of the class even now. But there are a few more focused on him than others, that's for sure…

-x-X-x-

"M-Mirko, a-ah… I'm not s-so sure about this…"

"Shhhh. We're closer than that, aren't we? Don't call me Mirko… we're in a school, after all. Call me Senpai."

Yu Takeyama, aka the Mineyama Hero: Mt. Lady, was a somewhat vain woman who very much enjoyed basking in the glory of being a hero. She liked using her ample sex appeal to constantly grow her fanbase, and a large part of being a hero for her was about how popular it made her. She liked being popular. She liked being seen. Her Quirk had always reflected that key element of her personality quite nicely, or so she'd always felt.

However, her Quirk was also the cause of a never-ending headache for her. She only had her normal size, and her giant size, with nothing in between. As a relatively young hero, she'd racked up quite a bit of debt from the property damage her fights caused. Even with insurance, even with sponsorships and brand deals and the adoring public loving her so much, she owed quite a lot of money behind the scenes.

When she'd accidentally destroyed her office, she'd despaired for a moment of ever making it as a Pro Hero. That was when she'd seen the article for UA and gone all in on trying to become a teacher. No, it wasn't an example of 'those who do, do, those who can't, teach', thank you very much! After all, how could that saying be true when Mirko the Rabbit Hero of all people was also a teacher?!

Of course, Yu had been a little late to the party. In the end, she'd only managed to get a job as a floater… a substitute, of sorts. She hadn't even gotten to teach a class yet and had spent her days mostly being a gopher for the rest of the faculty. Until, that is, Mirko had cornered her while Class 1-A was off with the Heroics Teacher, Nana Shimura.

Whimpering, Yu squirms as Mirko pins her against the wall and looks up at her, eyes glittering with scary… but also thrilling promise. The giantess heroine knows in that moment that her next response will decide everything. She can still get out of this; she can still reject Mirko and push away… but Mirko is her idol. For as vain as Yu is, the other woman is everything she's always aspired to. Even with the difference in height between them, Mirko has always felt… larger than life, really.

Blushing deeply, Yu ducks her head for a moment before finally nodding.

"O-Okay… Senpai…"

Mirko's responding grin is so wide and wicked that Yu's heart skips a beat as she wonders if she made the right call or not…
Chapter 22: Momo Yaoyorozu
Chapter Text

"Midoriya!"

"Izuku!"

Given how he'd already clocked them both ahead of time, Izuku isn't remotely surprised when Katsumi and Momo call out to him at almost the exact same time as the class is coming to a close and the school day is coming to an end. Katsumi was a bit faster than Momo, but Momo was closer to him to begin with. They arrive in front of him at around the same time, glaring at one another as they register each other's interest in the current target of their respective attentions.

"Bakugou. I'd prefer to have a moment alone to talk with MY teammate, if you don't mind."

Katsumi bristles, as expected, and grits her teeth as her hands curl into fists.

"Yeah? You've had plenty of time to chat today. Midoriya and I have unfinished business, so why don't you buzz off already?"

Momo scowls mightily at that, and it's incredibly obvious that she's not about to back down that easily. Izuku watches on in amusement, though he lets none of it show on his face. The girls might very well descend into a cat fight over him, if he stayed quiet much longer. And while part of him, probably something he inherited from his father, found that to be ever so slightly appealing… the larger part of him did not.

He didn't want Momo to get hurt on his behalf after all… and quite frankly, he'd said what he wanted to say to Katsumi. As far as he was concerned, SHE was the one who could buzz off. That said, Izuku steps in.

"I don't recall any unfinished business, Katsumi. In fact, I consider any business between the two of us to be VERY finished."

Katsumi whips around at that, glaring daggers at him now. But before she can respond, he delivers the finishing blow.

"Frankly, of the two of you, I'd much rather spend time with Momo. So, I think I will. I guess that means YOU can be the one to buzz off."

Eyes widening, mouth dropping open, Katsumi is clearly still struggling to come to terms with Izuku's change in personality, despite this being nowhere near their first conversation since they'd both started at U.A.

At the end of the day though, Katsumi will always be an explosive sort of person. It doesn't surprise Izuku that even now, she quickly turns her shock and surprise into anger, and looks ready to blow up at the both of them all the same. Whether that's going to be physically or verbally, Izuku prepares himself for either, but in the end, doesn't have to lift a finger in truth.

"Is there a problem here?"

Nana Shimura walks up with her hands on her hips and an eyebrow raised as Katsumi stiffens at the teacher's presence. Momo flushes a bit too at being caught in an argument by an authority figure, but Izuku is all smiles as he makes sure to position himself right beside Momo, making it clear where his interests lie.

"No problem, ma'am. Momo and I were just going to discuss our battle trial in more detail. Katsumi thought to join us… but we don't think that will be necessary. Sorry, Katsumi. Maybe another time."

He puts as much inflection in those last three words as necessary to let Katsumi know there wouldn't be another time. Not that he thinks it will stop her in the long term from being an irritant, but Izuku will cross that bridge and likely beat her black and blue in the process when he gets to it.

For now, forced to reply in front of a teacher who's already made it clear she's predisposed to him, Katsumi scowls, unable to put on a polite façade like Izuku is doing, but knowing when to back down all the same.

"Fine. Yeah. Another time."

After grounding out that barely civil response, Katsumi stomps off. Nana watches her go for a moment, before smiling and giving a nod to him and Momo.

"Good on you for working to ever better yourselves. It's hard working talented young people like you who give me hope for the future. I'll leave you both to it."

Momo is too busy stammering out her thanks at their Heroics Teacher's compliment to notice as Nana gives Izuku the slyest of winks. Izuku doesn't return the gesture, but he does let the corner of his mouth quirk up ever so slightly in response, allowing the older woman to know he saw it. As ever, Nana is so very helpful.

Looking to Momo, Izuku gives her a warm smile.

"So, you wanted to talk? Should we go somewhere in particular or…?"

He trails off, leaving the ball in Momo's court. He doesn't even need his numerous Quirks to be able to tell that she's not as interested in talking as she is in other things. As self-confident and well-trained as the Class Representative is, she's just as inexperienced in matters of the heart and body as she was back when they first met.

And yet, her eagerness is unparalleled, clearly, because she glances around for a moment before brazenly grabbing him by the wrist and dragging him over to a supply shed on the edge of Grounds B. Izuku makes sure with his Quirks that no one see them going into it, even as he's pulled inside by the insistent straight-laced Class Representative. Or rather, he would have called her straight-laced, if he couldn't sense her arousal through half a dozen sensory Quirks filling the shed.

He'd been a bad influence on Momo Yaoyorozu, hadn't he? Or at least, she clearly hadn't been able to get him out of her head. Blushing and averting her eyes as he looks at her expectantly, the beautiful raven-haired heroine-in-training crosses her arms over her chest somewhat subconsciously.

"… You deserved to be MVP for our Battle Trial today. I only carried out your plan, and if it weren't for you distracting Bakugou, who's to say I still would have succeeded at getting past Tenya?"

Izuku chuckles and shakes his head at that, moving to lean back against a large container.

"I disagree, Momo. In fact, I agreed with the teacher's decision to make you the MVP from the moment she did it. My plan, so to speak, was to distract Katsumi while sending you off all on your lonesome to face off against Tenya. I put my trust in you, and I'd happily do so a hundred times over, but in the end, it was you who carried the day and came up with the REAL plan after I foisted the actual objective off on you."

Momo's blush intensifies, and she fidgets for a moment before coming to a decision. Shakily, the beautiful young heiress walks over to him. Her gait looks awkward for a moment, which Izuku belatedly realizes is her attempt at a seductive walk and a sultry sway to her hips, as she comes to a stop in front of him and haltingly drops down to her knees.

"W-Well… I appreciate your trust in me all the same. And… I think it d-deserves a reward."

Izuku can't help but smile, as Momo reaches for his pants. It seems she's dead set on finally 'returning the favor'. How long had she been planning this? How many nights had she spent in bed, fantasizing about it? Had she masturbated to the memory of him eating her out that day, during their break at the Recommendation Exam?

He's sorely tempted to ask, but he doesn't want to spook her too badly. Instead, he places his hands back against the container behind him and lets her do as she will. He even gives her an encouraging smile and nod, when she glances up at him hesitantly.

"If that's what you want, Momo… I'm not going to stop you."

A quiver runs through the beautiful young woman, and she licks her lips hesitantly for a moment before steeling herself and hardening her resolve. Her fingers, which had been unsure a second before, become a lot more confident and she quickly frees his phallus from its confines. As his cock slaps into her palm for the first time, Momo goes still for a moment, her breath hitching at the sight of it.

Then, as if remembering he's watching, and not wanting to look like a completely inexperienced newbie in front of him, Momo begins to stroke him up and down, carefully at first, but with more effort as he lets out a quiet groan to show that her affections are not unappreciated. Looking between him and his cock, the inexperienced young heiress pauses for only a moment…

Then, she reaches up with her free hand and pulls free the yellow band above her chest that keeps her vest closed and her breasts from spilling out. Keeping her other hand on his cock and stroking up and down his throbbing length the entire time, Momo pulls aside her vest, releasing her tits and blushing profusely. But her rock hard nipples make it clear just how turned on she is, even as she ducks her head at having exposed herself to him.

"D-Do you like them, Izuku?"

Chuckling throatily, Izuku doesn't even have to think about his response. Eyes twinkling, he reaches down past her hand and his cock and gives both of her breasts a casual fondle that makes her breath hitch.

"They're perfect, Momo."

He pulls his hands back by way of pinching her nipples between his fingers, gently tugging on them before finally letting go. Momo lets out a low, wanton moan at that, before catching herself and blushing even harder as she realizes the sort of noise she's just made. In an effort to move past that and try to get back some semblance of her pride, the raven-haired beauty leans up, pushing off of her heels and reaching her full kneeling height.

This in turn brings her tits in line with his cock, and without missing a beat, Momo takes her breasts and proceeds to wrap them around his dick.

"I thought… you might enjoy this."

She looks up at him as she begins to give him some inexperienced, but nevertheless enthusiastic paizuri. Izuku can't help but grin down at her, absolutely loving the sight of the straight-laced heiress and Class Rep on her knees with her tits wrapped around his dick. She's absolutely adorable, while also being downright sexy.

"I'm enjoying it very much, Momo. Look, can't you see?"

Momo glances down at his instructions and flushes at the sight of his bulbous cockhead pushing up from between the valley of her expansive breasts. She doesn't have the largest pair that Izuku has played with, but she's probably the biggest in their entire class. Even still, his length is so big that he's pushing through the top of her cleavage all the same, very nearly prodding her in the lips as she stares down at his phallus in mild surprise and trepidation.

"S-So big…"

Izuku chuckles, and Momo freezes at realizing she said that out loud. To cover up her embarrassment, she once again escalates the situation… by leaning forward and opening her lips to suction down around his cockhead. As she uses her breasts to give him a spectacular, if inexperienced titjob, Momo also begins to cautiously suck on the tip of his dick.

It's very clear to Izuku that she doesn't know what she's doing. But then, that's perfectly okay. She's trying her best, and for all her inexperience, she does what she can to make up with it through sheer enthusiasm. And frankly… it kind of just works. Momo's tits feel phenomenal, wrapped around the majority of his shaft. Her breasts are soft and warm, and nestled between them, he can feel her rapidly beating heart right up against his throbbing length.

Meanwhile, her mouth is careful and cautious, but also warm and wet in its own way. Its just her lips and tongue more than anything, the rest of her mouth not truly involved, but all the same, she's working over his glans with her tongue, she's sucking at the head of his cock with her lips.

Izuku throws his head back and groans in pleasure, which only serves to spur Momo on forward. At a certain point, he can't help himself… one of his hands comes up and grabs the base of her ponytail. Not to take control, though he's sorely tempted to, just to hold on and remind her of his presence as her world narrows down to just the cock in front of her.

Eyes flickering up to him, Momo seems to take his firm grip as carte blanche to continue. She starts to bob up and down his dick further and further, until eventually her breasts fall away entirely. Her hands remain on them, and it's clear the young heiress is acting mostly on instinct, even as she molests herself while sucking his cock. And she's definitely full on sucking now, swallowing inches of his shaft as she stares up at him the entire time.

She doesn't quite choke or gag on his member, nor does she deep-throat his cock at any point. She rears back any time she feels the tip of his throbbing dick tickling the back of her throat, but she's always quick to dive right back down a moment later. It's obvious she doesn't know to go further, to try and push back. He could show her, he could teach her… but not right now. This first time together, or rather their second really… it had to be perfect.

And so, he lets Momo learn and experience things at her own pace, her knowledge of fellatio expanding greatly enough already for his purposes as she bobs up and down on his cock. Until finally, Izuku can feel that he's not going to last much longer. But he needed this to be perfect… so of course, he warns her.

"Momo… I'm getting close."

His groan of pleasure isn't even all that feigned. She's not amazing at giving blowjobs or anything like that, but she's got good enough instincts to make it pleasurable. However, just because she's stumbled through her first oral experience, doesn't mean she knows what to do when he tells her something like that. The raven-haired girl freezes up for a moment… before coming to a split second decision. She dives further down his cock than ever before and gags a bit as she takes him as deep as she possibly can.

The suddenness of the action causes Izuku to groan louder still as he tips over the edge. A moment later, he's cumming and Momo is trying desperately to drink down his seed. She's not ready for it though, not truly. His cum explodes out of her nostrils and the sides of her mouth as she attempts to swallow it all only to gag and choke on it. Her cheeks chipmunk outwards in a rather cute, if embarrassing fashion, even as his seed ends up staining her face.

Rearing back, Momo coughs and gasps, before rapidly creating a large fluffy towel with her Quirk and wiping her face off as quickly as she possibly could.

"S-Sorry! Sorry, I-!"

Chuckling, Izuku rests a hand on her cleaned cheek as soon as she pulls the towel away.

"You have nothing to apologize for, Momo. It was a good try."

Going still at that, staring up at him with a bright red face and wide eyes, Momo Yaoyorozu… clearly isn't done just yet. No, they're just getting started.
Chapter 23: Momo Yaoyorozu Pt. 2
Chapter Text

Reaching out, Izuku runs a hand through Momo’s hair, his fingers rubbing along her scalp and massaging it. He’s using a Quirk here, so it’s no surprise that she goes all wobbly from this, her eyes rolling halfway up in her skull, and a gurgle of enjoyment leaving her throat. After a beat of this, Izuku pulls back and grins down at the beautiful young heiress.

“I want to keep going… if you do too.”

He’s not exactly expecting Momo to say no here and isn’t all that surprised when she quickly recovers enough to nod her head enthusiastically. Rising to her feet, blushing profusely, Momo tosses aside the towel she’d used to clean her face and squirms for a moment.

“Y-Yes! I mean… yes, I want to keep going. Um, h-how… how do we begin?”

Chuckling, Izuku looks around the shed for a split second before shaking his head.

“We start by taking this show on the road, I would say. This isn’t the kind of place to have your first time. Let’s head back to your place alright? We can do this in the comfort of your own bed.”

Momo blinks, only to blush at the suggestion. Her mouth opens and closes wordlessly for a moment, and Izuku can tell she’s weighing the pros and cons of the idea. On the one hand, losing her virginity in her own bed probably does sound appealing. It’ll be a place of comfort, security, and safety for her… and given how much she’s enjoyed herself with Izuku so far, she no doubt expects it to leave her with a sense of ecstasy and euphoria as well.

But at the same time…

“A-Alright. Though, there are some things you should know… about my family. I-In case we run into them.”

Izuku just smiles and nods his head, happy to have her explain, as they fix themselves up and leave the shed behind, heading for the entrance gate to U.A., where Momo is able to call a car to pick them up in mere moments. If she’s not worried about her driver saying anything to anyone, then neither is Izuku, and as they file into the backseat, he lets Momo get down to business… even as he slides a hand along her thigh, and down between her legs, causing her to sputter and blush but ultimately spread her legs wide and let him have his way.

As he fingers the heiress, she tries to tell him all about her family. The thing is, Izuku is only listening with half an ear… mostly because he already knows all there is to know about Momo Yaoyorozu’s very rich, very successful family.

To start with, there was the head of the family, the Yaoyorozu Matriarch. Robin Yaoyorozu was also the CEO of the multi-billion dollar international company, Yaoyorozu International. She was an extremely successful businesswoman, who had at one time been an incredibly famous heroine. She’d breached the top ten in fact, before retiring to focus on the family business, and ultimately growing it even beyond what her ancestors had managed.

Because of her time as a Pro Hero, Robin Yaoyorozu’s powers were well-known. Much like Momo, she had a Creation Quirk. Unlike her daughter’s Quirk however, Robin’s Quirk allowed her to create body parts on the surface of anything, rather than being able to create anything from the surface of her own body. She was purportedly quite the frightening force to fight, back when she’d been known as the Pro Hero Hana Hana.

Robin was also Momo’s biological mother… something that most people got confused about, thinking that Momo was in fact born of Robin’s wife, Kazehana Yaoyorozu. Izuku, of course, already knew better, but he’s not about to tell Momo he knows everything about her and her family. So, he lets her do the talking, as she vehemently makes sure he’s aware that Kazehana is her stepmother, not her actual mother.

Not that they seem to have a bad relationship or anything like that. Momo is quick to assure him that that’s not the case either. Rather, Kazehana is something of a perverted lush, and in a certain form, Robin Yaoyorozu’s trophy wife. As Momo’s stepmother, she apparently is the one they’re most likely to run into, seeing how when she’s not out shopping, she spends most days lazing around the Yaoyorozu Mansion.

Still, Izuku already knew all about Momo’s two mothers, and so he’s more than ready for her explanations and justifications, and also more than ready to let her know he doesn’t mind one bit. What he’s not ready for, however… is the next revelation.

“And… it’s unlikely we’ll run into her at all, but you should probably know about my sister, Yor.”

Wait, what? Izuku blinks owlishly, for the first time truly taken aback and surprised. As far as he’d known, Momo was an only child. Who… who was this Yor person?

Fidgeting, squirming really considering his fingers are still betwixt her thighs, Momo blushes.

“She’s my older sister, you see… but, um, she’s never wanted to be a Pro Hero… or really seemed to want anything to do with the family business, either. Mom… mom respects that Yor seems to want to make her own way, to carve her own path… so, well, she’s sort of kept out of the lime light…”

Momo was beating around the bush a lot here. It sounded like this Yor Yaoyorozu was the black sheep of the Yaoyorozu family. Which might explain why Izuku’s research hadn’t picked her up. Still, he hated being blindsided like this. Not that he lets that show on his face, even as he gives Momo yet another gentle, understanding smile.

“I understand. It sounds like she’s off forging her own future anyways, yeah?”

Beaming at him, Momo nods… only to let out a quiet moan, as Izuku’s fingers curl up inside of her. A moment later, she’s bucking her hips against his hand, cumming for him right there in the back of the car. Izuku pulls his fingers away and lets her recover herself… and not a moment too soon, at that.

He’d felt it through his Quirks, of course. The fact that they were almost there. As such, just as Momo is sitting up, flushed but not too disheveled, they arrive at their destination. The Yaoyorozu Mansion is a spectacular piece of architecture to be sure, and Izuku spends a moment admiring it, even as Momo hurries him inside.

As they enter, however, he’s using his Quirks to check their surroundings, and find out exactly who they might have to deal with. To his mild surprise and very slight disappointment… no one is home. No one important, at least. There’s still the servants of course, a place this size would need them, but of Momo’s mother and stepmother, there’s no trace. And no trace of this mysterious older sister either.

Pulling back in his extrasensory Quirks, Izuku lets Momo lead him up to her bedroom. It’s a quaint, functional space. Not nearly as girlie as some other young women her age might have it. Very… austere, Izuku would call it. Of course, the bed is still quite large, and looks quite comfortable. Leading him over to it, Momo stops and then fidgets, clearly not sure what to do.

Luckily for her, Izuku is there to help. Taking hold of the young heiress, marveling at how nervous and anxious she gets when she’s pushed outside of her comfort zone, Izuku kisses her for a long moment. Then, he begins the process of stripping her naked. To Momo’s credit, she quickly follows suit, seeming to take his lead on this.

Indeed, rather than standing there like the blushing virgin she is as his hands move across her body, Momo is quite responsive, putting her own hands on his body and almost mirroring his actions, in a way. The result is simple, they’re both soon stripped down to their birthday suits, Momo’s breasts pressed against Izuku’s chiseled chest, and Izuku’s cock riding up against her mound and abdomen.

Pulling apart from their kiss for air, Momo flushes as she looks up into his eyes.

“P-Please… take me.”

Grinning, Izuku runs a hand down Momo’s back, to her backside, giving one of her ass cheeks a good, hard squeeze that causes her to ‘eep!’ in response.

“Your wish is my command, my lady.”

Then, contrary to his gentlemanly tone, Izuku lifts with some enhanced strength, using what Momo would know as his Quirk to easily hold her aloft and then lay her back on the bed. They fall together as Izuku all but leaps onto the bed with Momo in his grasp, and she ends up under him, as he pins her down.

The soft mattress catches them well enough, and Momo instinctively spreads her legs, her sopping wet pussy coated in juices and ready for him. Smirking, Izuku places his cockhead at the entrance of the Heiress’ quim, teasing her entrance for just a moment as she whines and squirms in need. He waits until Momo opens her mouth, likely to beg him to fuck her, or to ask why he’s waiting… and then he strikes.

The beautiful young woman never gets a single word out, because as Izuku punches into her virgin cunt, the breath is knocked clear of her lungs, a singular gasping exhale of air leaving her throat as she shudders beneath him. For a moment, an expression of pain spreads across Momo’s face… but Izuku is ready for that.

His hands go to her sides, and his thumbs sink into the flesh of her abdomen as he holds her securely. But it’s more than just a secure hold. As his thumbs rub soothing circles into her body, he’s doing more than just comforting her. He’s using one of his many Quirks, an altogether subtle one, turning the pain to pleasure and the pleasure into pure bliss.

The fleeting discomfort on Momo’s face vanishes as quickly as it appeared, and her eyes go crossed as she lets out a confused moan. She definitely wasn’t expecting it to feel quite so good quite so quickly, but here they are all the same. Izuku is quite sure that a girl like Momo… even if she hadn’t been given a proper talk before, she would have gone and done her own research after their initial run-in during the Recommendation Entrance Exam.

Oh yes, he could just imagine Momo consuming all sorts of Sexual Education material after he’d brought her to climax with her tongue. He could also imagine her going to bed each night, masturbating to the memory and thinking about him.

It’s enough to have Izuku fuck the former virgin all the harder, pounding her into her own bed as she moans beneath him. Not wanting to draw any servants to their room, Izuku makes a point of capturing Momo’s mouth with his own again, kissing her deeply as he grabs her hands with his, interlocking their fingers together and pushing her hands back to either side of her head.

Better to silence her now, rather than after she’s graduated to squealing cries of ecstasy, after all. And that’s no hyperbole. It’s not long at all before Momo is crying out into his mouth, her voice muffled by his lips. Her hips buck up into his thrusting cock, and she gives almost as good as she’s getting. So very responsive, so very sensitive… so tight and toned and all around beautiful.

Momo is just… perfect. Unlike Mirko, or rather, Rumi, who he had sort of stumbled into making his woman, Momo was all part of The Plan. She was one of the ones Izuku very much wanted from the off-set. He wanted her by his side, now and forever, as part of his goals for the future. Not just his personal future, but the future of Japan itself.

This moment, here and now, with him fucking her and tying her so closely to him, it was critical to that future. She was pivotal in his plans. And more than that… she really was quite a nice girl, wasn’t she? She’d defended him from Katsumi, even if he didn’t necessarily need the help. And more than that, she’d been willing to listen to his ideas, and implement his plan in their Hero Class.

Running a hand up to grab Momo by her hair, Izuku crushes his lips against hers all the more fiercely, even as he feels her cunt walls flex and clench down around his cock in what can only be a truly explosive orgasm. He’s not a moment too soon too, as Momo gets louder than ever before, only to be stifled by their deep, tongue-filled kissing.

As her pussy walls cling to him for all they’re worth, Izuku feels himself nearing the edge. He wants to cum inside, truly he does… but unfortunately, he can’t. Knocking up Mirko is one thing. Breeding the bunny rabbit hero is honestly… well, one of the most arousing thoughts ever. But also, her getting pregnant isn’t the end of the world. A teacher can get pregnant and still maintain her job.

A student in the Heroics Course, however, cannot get pregnant and still maintain her studies. And Izuku refused to be the cause for any resentment from Momo. If she did get pregnant with his child and had to drop out of UA for it, not only would it be the scandal of the century, but it would ruin too many of his plans.

Alas, he wouldn’t even be feeling at war with himself over this if it weren’t for Rumi. The fertile chocolate bunny had put these damn ideas in his head.

Still, he is in control, not his primal instincts. And so, at the last second, Izuku pulls out of Momo Yaoyorozu and covers her belly and chest in his cum, rather than pumping her womb full to the brim. He grunts as he does so, and Momo gasps, looking down for a moment through hazy eyes, her pleasured expression quite the treat, if he did say so himself.

After a moment, Momo just… collapses backwards, seemingly passing out on the spot. A bit too much exertion for one day, it would seem. Izuku blinks down at her briefly, before smiling fondly. After making sure she truly is down for the count and not faking it for some weird reason, he uses a couple of his Quirks to clean her up properly, before tucking her naked body into bed.

He’s glad they did this here, if she was always going to pass out on him like this. Better than back at his place or the shed, where he would have had to figure out what to do next. As it is, their rendezvous is over, which means it’s time for Izuku to slip away for now.

Heading for the door, Izuku glances back at Momo’s sleeping, exhausted form one final time with a soft smile before slipping out of her bedroom and into the hallway.
Chapter 24: Yor Yaoyorozu
Chapter Text

Izuku is not perfect. Sure, he has access to all of the many, many Quirks that his father collected before him. He even has access to the one Quirk that his father could never lay claim to. Not only is he the bearer of All for One, but he's also the bearer of One for All… the first time in history that those two Quirks have existed in the same host.

But he's also still a young man, and he can still make mistakes, as unfortunate as that is. When he and Momo had first arrived at her place, Izuku had used his extrasensory Quirks to ensure they would be relatively alone. With none of her family on the premises, he'd gone ahead and turned them off in order to focus all of his efforts solely on Momo herself.

The smart thing to do would have been to turn them back on before sneaking out of her bedroom, to get a fresher, more up to date lay of the land as it was. But in this case, Izuku had been distracted. He'd made a mistake.

Slipping out of Momo's bedroom, Izuku finds himself closing the door softly behind him, only to look up and come face to face with another person. For a moment, he and the woman freeze up, studying each other. The first thing Izuku notes is that she's not one of the help. If she were part of the staff, at the very least Izuku figures he could have talked his way out of things.

But no, this woman is far too similar to Momo to be service staff. A tall, attractive young woman with long black hair and red eyes, she has her hair done up in a headband and split apart so it forms two long locks that trail down her chest. There's no denying that this is Momo's sister though. She doesn't match the description of either of Momo's two mothers, and isn't old enough to be anyone else.

This… is Yor Yaoyorozu.

As Izuku is coming to this conclusion in what feels like a slowed down moment in time, Yor Yaoyorozu's eyes have widened ever so slightly. She takes in his appearance in the same time span he takes in hers, and then looks to the door behind him. The door to her sister's room. Izuku blinks, feeling a sudden intense wave of killing intent and anger wafting off of the woman, even as she tenses up.

In a heartbeat, Izuku understands something instinctively. Yor Yaoyorozu is not what Momo thinks she is. Or maybe Izuku had simply misinterpreted what Momo said. Because when she'd talked about her sister, he'd gotten the impression that Yor was the black sheep of the family. That perhaps the two sisters didn't get along very well. Or perhaps Yor's Quirk, whatever it was, was simply so weak that she couldn't possibly be a Pro Hero.

And yet, in that moment Izuku knows that Yor Yaoyorozu loves her sister deeply and emphatically, and that if he doesn't do anything, she will try to kill him in order to avenge whatever perceived harm he's done to Momo. He knows this as surely as he knows he needs to breathe to survive.

As Yor tenses up, getting ready to launch some sort of attack, Izuku only has a moment to respond… and so he lifts a finger to his lips and shushes Yor harshly before speaking in a whispered tone.

"Shhh. Momo is resting."

It's a gamble, to be sure. He's relying on refuge in audacity here, to avoid making a scene, to avoid starting a fight that would definitely wake Momo up and might even destroy this hallway. He doesn't know exactly WHAT Yor's deal is, but he knows one thing for certain… the Yaoyorozu Family's black sheep has more going on with her than meets the eye.

And yet, in the end his gamble pays off. He was right to lean more into Yor's love for Momo, because when he mentions Momo is resting, an abrupt change comes over his classmate's big sister. She blinks, and then reluctantly relaxes, glancing once more at the door to her sister's room intently. He wonders if she has some sort of extrasensory Quirk, because the way she looks at the door, it's almost as if she's checking on Momo's health.

Whether she is or not, Yor relaxes completely a moment later, before straightening back up and appearing to all the world like a demure young woman without a hint of violence or aggression in her attractive form. If he weren't who he was, Izuku isn't even sure he would have noticed her getting ready to commit grievous bodily harm against his person in the first place, to be honest. But he was who he was, and Yor Yaoyorozu had decidedly piqued his interest.

Letting none of that show on his face, Izuku instead smiles at the older girl brightly and gestures for her to follow him down the hall, so they won't disturb Momo with their voices. Yor follows after him at a sedate pace and waits for him to initiate conversation once they've turned a corner.

"You must be Yor, Momo's big sister. She mentioned you to me, but I didn't think we'd meet so soon."

After a beat, Yor nods.

"… Yes. You must be one of Momo's new classmates. A pleasure to meet you."

With her hands in front of her, Yor bows deeply, surprising Izuku with her unfailing politeness. Her tone is also slightly robotic, and quite monotone, making him wonder what the real Yor is like. Or maybe this is the real her? Izuku isn't used to being on the back foot like this, but right now Yor is one big question mark. Even falling back on his Quirks isn't giving him much. She's too much of a blank spot for the time being.

That doesn't mean Izuku can't make friends for now and look into her more later though…

"Yes, Momo and I have gotten very close, of late. We actually met before school started, during the Recommendation Exam. We hit it off there."

Straightening up from her bow, Yor nods.

"I see. It is normal then, for two close classmates to engage in sexual intimacy in this day and age?"

… What? For a long moment, Izuku just stares at Yor Yaoyorozu. With the help of Quirks, he's able to stretch that moment into an eternity and process what she just said and more importantly, what she meant by it. Somehow, perhaps through enhanced senses like he'd already theorized her having, Yor is aware that they had sex. Maybe she smelt it on him, or heard it, or something.

But more than that… she doesn't sound accusatory. Her words certainly sound like they would be a condemnation under most circumstances. The sort of thing you would say sarcastically, before giving your sister's new boyfriend the shovel talk, maybe?

But Yor doesn't sound sarcastic. She sounds actively curious, as if she truly doesn't know and wants to understand better. As if she were asking for the sake of gaining experience in these matters, then because she knew the words coming from her lips were false.

Registering all of this, Izuku formulates his answer quickly, treading carefully.

"… Yes. If they're close enough, it's… normal."

Far from looking suspicious or disbelieving of his words, Yor seems to soak up this knowledge, processing it before nodding sharply.

"I see."

Then, she steps up to him and all of that killing intent from earlier is back as the tall young woman looks down at him.

"If you hurt Momo, I will kill you."

Izuku hates to admit it, but he's locked up in place as Yor turns and walks away. Not out of fear, but in order to fight against his own natural instincts. While it's always nice to have a beautiful woman in close proximity to him, in this case, with the sheer amount of violence Yor's body language promised, Izuku had to lock himself down to keep from attacking in self-defense.

Having a fight with Momo's sister down the hall instead of right outside of her bedroom wasn't likely to be any better for his long-term plans, after all. Still, Yor Yaoyorozu… was a confusing question mark to say the least. As he watches her go, Izuku slowly untenses… and then uses every Quirk he needs to in order to slip out of the Yaoyorozu Mansion without running into a single other soul.

Only once he's outside does he place a call on his phone.

"Yo! Go for Tomura!"

"Tomura, it's Izuku."

"Hey bro, what's up?"

"… I need you to look into someone for me. Discretely. Her name is Yor Yaoyorozu."

"Oooh? Does my little bro got his eye on someone cute?"

Rolling his eyes as he puts more distance between himself and the Yaoyorozu Estate, Izuku finds himself with a wry grin on his face.

"I'm boinking her younger sister, actually."

"And? You've gotta One-Hundred Percent the game, bro!"

"I'm not so sure that's a good idea in this case. There's something odd about Yor Yaoyorozu. That's why I need you to look into her for me and find out what there is to find out. Got it?"

"Yeah, I got it. You can count on me, Izuku."

Tomura's tone takes on a seriousness to it that lets Izuku know his adoptive brother isn't going to let him down. While the older boy could get… flighty and a little silly at times, at the end of the day, they were good for each other, the two of them. Growing up, they'd rubbed off on one another in all the best ways.

"Thanks, Tomura. Call me back if you find anything. Otherwise, I'll call you."

"Yep, yep! Ttyl, bro!"

As the phone call ends, Izuku can't help but roll his eyes one more time as Tomura's… idiosyncrasies. But he's also smiling, having enjoyed the talk. Certainly, after the way his conversation with the enigma that was Momo's big sister had ended, he'd needed that.

Though, that wasn't to say he didn't need a little something else to destress and detox as well. Which is why he's so pleased to get a text a moment later… from none other than a certain chocolate bunny herself. To say that he'd wrapped Mirko the Rabbit Hero around his pinkie at this point would be an understatement. She was supposed to be his teacher, and yet here she was, texting him late in the afternoon and asking if he wanted to come over. For what was left unsaid, but then… it didn't need to be spelled out in text for Izuku to know what he was in for.

Heh, he might be staying the night again, so after sending a text of agreement to Mirko, Izuku makes sure to shoot a text to his mother as well, letting her know not to expect him back any time soon. Then, he turns in the direction of Mirko's house, and begins making his way over.

-x-X-x-

There's a few things Izuku is expecting as he lets himself in through Mirko, or rather Rumi's back door yet again. For her to be dressed up in some sort of cosplay. Or maybe for her to be in a sexy naked apron get-up, trying to cook something in her dusty, unused kitchen. Or any one of a dozen scenarios in which she enticed him to fucking her… and likely breeding her some more, if he hadn't done so already.

In fact, hearing her wanton moans from her bedroom is perfectly in line with some of Izuku's expectations. Clearly, she's playing with herself while she waits, putting herself in a position to be more than ready for his arrival. And so Izuku grins and makes his way over, pulling his shirt off as he goes, and slipping his pants down his legs.

By the time he reaches the door to Rumi's master bedroom, he's stripped to his boxers and half-hard, ready for action even though he'd already fucked Momo just hours before.

However, he stops dead in his tracks when he sees WHO is waiting for him on Rumi's bed. The Rabbit Hero is there of course, in all of her dark-skinned rabbit-eared glory… but she's not alone. Laid out on the bed between her peer's thighs, with Rumi's legs actually wrapped around her head, is another woman. It takes Izuku a moment to recognize her, given she's naked and her head is covered by Rumi's lower body.

But he does. He recognizes her as Mt. Lady, another Pro Hero… until recently, when she joined the U.A. Faculty this year.

For a long moment, Izuku just stares as Rumi's head is thrown back in an ecstatic cry, her eyes closed. Meanwhile, Mt. Lady's own head is trapped between the Rabbit Hero's thighs, and from the look of things, she's licking and lapping away at Rumi's cunt quite enthusiastically.

Then, Rumi's head comes back down and her eyes open to see him waiting there. Widening in excitement, the Rabbit Hero licks her lips as she quickly unwinds her legs from around Mt. Lady's head and slips out from under the other woman and off the bed.

"Izuku! You're here!"

Prancing over, Rumi wastes no time. She goes to her knees in the same moment that she hooks her thumbs into the waistband of his boxers and yanks them down his legs. The result is his throbbing member, which has only grown harder at the shocking sight before him, coming up and slapping against her dark-skinned features with a wet smack, his precum trailing along her cheek as she mewls happily and nuzzles into his shaft.

On the bed, Mt. Lady has turned over and let out a squeak, hastily trying to cover herself up with some pillows as she stares at Izuku in wide-eyed shocked. Raising an eyebrow, Izuku pushes away his own surprise and focuses on the moment. Using a few Social Quirks, he takes control of the situation, reaching down and palming the top of Rumi's head between her rabbit ears as he gazes at Mt. Lady emotionlessly.

"I take it that Rumi didn't tell you I was coming."

Mt. Lady swallows thickly, looking between him and the Rabbit Hero on her knees before him.

"She said… she said she h-had a guy coming over for us to share. But you're… you're one of the students in her class! M-Mirko! Surely, we can't!"

Whipping her head around, Rumi glares at her fellow heroine. Almost immediately, Mt. Lady pales and ducks her head.

"S-Sorry. Senpai, I mean. But, um…"

"I'm your Senpai and you're my kouhai. You were fine when you didn't know who it was. So, get over here already. I assure you, Izuku is worth ten of any man you've ever been with~"

Izuku… stays quiet. Not only are his Quirks saying that silence is better than anything he could say here, but also, he's still reeling. Having a clandestine relationship with his teacher was one thing. Having her bring in other faculty like this was another entirely. He wasn't sure how to feel about it.

In the end, he supposed he would decide how he felt about it once Mt. Lady made her decision. She could try and ruin them, after all. And then he would be the one left cleaning up Rumi's mess.
Chapter 25: Mirko & Mt. Lady
Chapter Text

She was in over her head. No doubt about that. As she lounges on the bed, staring with wide eyes at Mirko and one of her students, Yu Takeyama reflects on exactly how she got her, and is forced to acknowledge that its her own damn fault.

Mirko was just… so persuasive. REALLY persuasive. Her 'Senpai' had gotten under her skin, giving her attention that Yu couldn't help but crave. One thing had led to another, and before she even knew what was happening, she was drawn back home, where she and Mirko had had tons of f-fun together. Then, all of the sudden, the Rabbit Hero said she'd called a guy over. Ya know, to do the things they couldn't do.

… Made sense to Yu, she supposed. Only, she hadn't even stopped to question who the guy might be. If he was good enough for her 'Senpai' then he was probably good enough for her, right? In hindsight, she should have asked more questions. Though, whenever she tried to, Mirko had this annoying tendency of shoving her head down between those powerfully built chocolate thighs of hers to shut Yu up. Somehow, she doesn't think it would have gone any different for her if she HAD asked, rather than just leaving it be.

Regardless, now Yu… now Yu had a choice to make. As Mirko kneels there next to the Midoriya kid, his throbbing cock a stark contrast to her dark skin, Yu feels frozen under the Rabbit Hero's expectant gaze. But… not for long. In the end, Mirko is right. She didn't care when she didn't know who it was. And at this point, she was in too deep to back out, wasn't she?

More than that… Yu was curious. Call her shallow. Call her vain. But she'd always thought of herself as… hmph, better than most other people. That said, she was also very aware that there were people above even her. And in her eyes, Mirko, her 'Senpai', was one of them. So, if MIRKO said that Izuku Midoriya was worth ten of any man that Yu had ever been with… she could admit it. She was intrigued.

Slowly, Yu climbs off of the bed and falls to her knees, crawling over. As she does so, Mirko's lips curl into a satisfied smile, and she knows she's made her 'Senpai' happy in this moment. The blonde heroine makes sure to put some sway in her hips, and to arch her back enough that her ass is lifted high in the air. She notices the way Midoriya's eyes are drawn to it, an assessing and almost analytical gaze to him.

That's the other thing that decides it for her. In just a couple of minutes of interacting, Midoriya has shown that he's mature for his age. Those eyes of his… there's not a hint of innocence to them. Whether that was because Mirko got to him… or HE got to Mirko, Yu didn't know. She was growing more and more excited to find out, however.

Finally reaching him and her 'Senpai', Yu gasps as Mirko immediately reaches up and grabs the back of her head by her hair, gripping down tightly as she drags Yu all the closer.

"That's it. That's my darling kouhai."

Blushing but finding it easy to fall into the role even in front of Midoriya, Yu moans throatily.

"Mm, yes Senpai~"

Paying her barely any mind, Mirko looks up at Midoriya and grins.

"Do you like her, Izuku? I got her just for you."

Just… just for him? So, all of this was to feed Yu to her student on a silver platter? The heroine's heart thuds in her chest at that, even as Izuku looks down at her for a moment longer before smiling a thin smile.

"She's pretty enough, Rumi. But I can't really pass judgment if I haven't sampled all she has to offer, can I?"

He's on first name with Mirko?! Yu's eyes flicker between the young man and the Pro Hero beside her, even as Mirko licks her lips and nods, not upset in the slightest by his words.

"O-Of course. Well, kouhai? You heard him! Get to it!"

Yu gasps, as she's shoved forward into Izuku's crotch. Her face presses up against his throbbing, pulsating cock and she finds herself breathing in his scent. A moment later, Mirko lets out a disgruntled noise and yanks her back again, this time using her other hand to grip the young man by his dick and guide it right to Yu's lips before forcing her down his length.

"Gluuuuuuughk!"

It's humiliating. Degrading. Dehumanizing. Her 'Senpai' quickly begins to ride Yu's face upon Midoriya's cock, forcing her up and down his dick and choking her on the sizable specimen. Yu gets it. Midoriya is… gifted in the size department. She can see how Mirko might say that he was worth ten of any other man. She still thinks that might be an overstatement, but she does get it.

That said… this isn't what Yu expected to be doing tonight. Deep-throating a student's dick while Mirko guided her up and down his shaft. Never in a million years would Yu have thought she would be here, in this moment.

… So then why is it such a turn on? She knows that she's a little vain. She knows that she's always been the kind of woman who has to be the center of attention. She's always thought she preferred being waited upon and worshipped, rather than… debased in this case. And yet, the more Mirko forces her to suck his cock, the more turned on Yu gets. Her thighs rub together for a moment before she just jams a hand down there betwixt them and begins going to town on her cunt.

Her gagging becomes interspersed with multiple moans, as she gurgles her way up and down Midoriya's dick. The thing is… despite her Quirk, Yu has never really believed size was everything, at least when it came to sex. But here and now, she's starting to wonder if Mirko has unlocked something in her. Some sort of hidden Size Queen fetish not even she knew was lurking in the back of her mind.

Or maybe it's Mirko herself, and the added component of having her 'Senpai' using her to get her man off. She's nothing more than a tool right now, a toy if you will. She's an object that Mirko is riding up and down Izuku's dick, little more than a living onahole. And that… that is an immense turn on for her, to Yu's equally immense surprise.

With two fingers buried in her twat, the heroine gurgles as she stares up at Midoriya from her kneeling position in front of him. His cock is buried in her throat, in no small part thanks to Mirko's hand fisting her hair and pushing her head down his cock. Gurgling, nostrils flaring, the lack of breathable air is doing funny things to Yu. Her eyes are fluttering, barely staying open… and yet… and yet…

With a choked, muffled squeal, she cums, experiencing one of the most explosive orgasms she's ever had before. Her body shakes and buckles in its kneeling position, while the noises trying to emit from her throat reverberate up through Izuku Midoriya's incredibly meaty cock. She groans around his dick, before a moment later, without warning, he begins to cum as well.

While she's still trying to recover from her own orgasm, Izuku cums and cums, and Yu… well, she chokes HARD. Mirko doesn't seem inclined to let her up at first, and so no small amount of seed ends up exploding out of her nostrils and the sides of her mouth, blowing back onto Izuku's crotch and dribbling down onto his balls.

Her vision starts to fade, as she feels like she might just drown from the sticky seed clogging her throat, combined with the throbbing slab of man-meat stretching her jaw. But just before consciousness leaves her, Mirko abruptly yanks her back, and Yu coughs and hacks as she finally gets some fresh air into her lungs.

For the next few moments, all that the blonde heroine can do is breathe. Breathe… and process what just happened. It should have been traumatizing. It should have been a no brainer to get the fuck out of dodge. Instead… instead, she thought it might just be the hottest thing she'd ever done. And even as she's thinking that, the blood rushing in her ears finally begins to die down, and she hears Mirko's voice, whispering to her.

"-ood girl. Such a good kouhai. You did wonderful."

The positive reinforcement, combined with the immense arousal and her gushing cunt, leaves Yu feeling a certain sort of way. She can't explain it. All she knows is… she wants more. And so, like the 'good kouhai' she is, she asks for it.

"M-More… moooore~"

There's a pause, and then a giggle from Mirko.

"Well, Izuku. You heard her~"

In response, Midoriya just snorts, and that big fat cock of his, still rock hard, slaps down onto Yu's face for a moment before drawing back.

"That I did. That I did."

-x-X-x-

He'd been ready to make a call, if necessary. One of his Quirks allowed for short-term memory loss. Anywhere from an hour, all the way up to a day. Of course, he also had a couple Quirks that could take even more than that, but he was loathe to use them. Izuku was… capable of a lot of things but robbing someone of their memories felt a step too far. He was supposed to be a hero, after all.

Still, in this case, he would have done it, if it became absolutely obvious that Mt. Lady was… intractable. If she'd shown any further reluctance, or if she'd been completely unwilling to do anything with them… Izuku wouldn't have forced her. Nor would he have let Rumi force her either. Instead, he would have simply removed the Mineyama Hero's memory of him in Rumi's house.

And yes, that would have in turn caused problems with Rumi, more than likely. He would have been forced to provide some sort of explanation… while at the same time coming down on the Rabbit Hero hard for endangering them so. He could have gotten away with it though he was pretty sure, if only because he had Rumi under control.

… Or so he'd thought. Admittedly, this new habit of hers, corrupting her colleagues and presenting them to him like a cat with a dead bird in its jaws, was troubling. But not as troubling as it could be. After all, she'd chosen well, hadn't she?

"MMPH!"

WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!

They've moved things back to the bed now, with Rumi and Mt. Lady returned to their original position. Rumi on her back, and the blonde heroine between her chocolate thighs, dutifully eating her out. The only difference was, now he was in the mix. Specifically, Izuku was kneeling behind Mt. Lady, plowing into the heroine from behind, his hands digging into her plush backside even as his thighs clap against her thighs.

She's not nearly as in shape as Rumi. Or rather, her shape can be described as voluptuous and pillowy in all the right ways. Thanks to her Gigantification Quirk, she doesn't need to work out overly much, or keep herself at tip top physical form. Not when she can literally stand taller than most buildings at any given moment.

There's something enjoyable to be said about her soft body, and Izuku groans as her slippery wet insides clench and squeeze around his cock. She, in turn, moans into Rumi's pussy, until suddenly the Rabbit Hero arches her back and gasps, very clearly experiencing an orgasm that causes her to spray her pussy juices all over Mt. Lady's face.

If Rumi's 'kouhai' minds this, she doesn't say anything. Not even when the chocolate-skinny bunny with a breeding fetish suddenly pulls away from her, swinging her legs over Mt. Lady's head and climbing up off the bed. Izuku doesn't stop fucking the blonde in front of him, and Mt. Lady clearly doesn't want him to stop if her vocal moans and mewls and cries are anything to go off of.

Still, he DOES give Rumi a raised eyebrow as she stops to kiss him for a moment before walking by entirely. Turning his head, Izuku watches as the Rabbit Hero goes over to her closet and throws it open. Hanging from several hooks are a few different cosplays, some of which he's seen her pull off and some he hasn't just yet.

But in the moment at least, Rumi ignores those in favor of leaning over. Her little puffball of a rabbit tail twitches, and her chocolate ass is on full display as she reaches all the way into the back of the closet and pulls out a big trunk.

Lifting it up with ease, a testament to her physical strength if the way her arm muscles have to bulge is any indication, Rumi walks back over to the bed and drops the trunk down onto the bed beside him and Mt. Lady. Still fucking the plush, voluptuous heroine doggystyle, Izuku leans forward as Rumi grins wickedly and unlatches the trunk, opening it facing him so he can see the contents inside.

There's a bunch of stuff… all of it bondage themed. Rope, gags, handcuffs… all the stuff you would expect. As well as some additional erotic tools, and some whips and chains for good measure. It's a lot, and as Izuku's eyes pan over it all, Mt. Lady is too busy moaning and cumming upon his cock to notice anything. Rumi, meanwhile, licks her lips and climbs onto the bed, hugging him from behind and nibbling at his ear before whispering to him.

"Do you like them, Izuku? I got them for you… to use how you see fit."

Well now, that was an open invitation if he'd ever heard one. Looking at the open trunk, and then down at Mt. Lady's arched back and fat backside, he envisions her all tied up for a moment, a ball gag in her mouth, arms behind her back… and a riding crop coming down on her pillowy posterior again and again. At the same time though, he imagines Rumi joining her, just as trussed up.

One thing was for sure, Mt. Lady's overall enthusiasm and sluttiness had quelled any worries Izuku had. She wasn't going to be a problem; he could tell that much right off the bat.

And another thing he knew for certain… the night was still young, and he, Rumi, and their 'kouhai' were just getting started.
Chapter 26: Mirko & Mt. Lady
Chapter Text

Izuku ponders the situation one long moment more before abruptly pulling out of Mt. Lady's cunt, his hands finally leaving her plush backside. This in turn causes the blonde to actually recognize something is happening besides the fact that she's receiving the best fucking of her life. Looking back over her shoulder, ass still raised in the air, the heroine blinks as Izuku looks to Rumi and cocks his head to the side.

"Fine… but we're doing this my way."

As he reaches into the trunk and pulls out a bundle of rope, Rumi's reaction is a wide grin, while Mt. Lady's is a wide-eyed look of stupefaction. One thing is for certain… Izuku doesn't intend to take it easy on either of them.

He starts with Rumi. Grabbing his chocolate bunny by her hair somewhat roughly, he drags her in close as something of an experiment. Far from being even remotely upset by the rough treatment, Rumi just moans at him, wiggling in excitement. Leveraging his far greater strength, letting a bit of his true power leak through, Izuku yanks Rumi past the trunk and up onto the bed alongside Mt. Lady.

Then, he begins tying her up. It's not something he's ever done before, funnily enough. And yet… he's a natural. Of course he is. Can one begin to understand the sheer number of Quirks that Izuku had at his disposal? He was the heir to all that All for One had built, in the same way he was One for All's heir. There were easily half a dozen bondage-themed Quirks in his arsenal.

And besides that, Izuku could combine the effects of a dozen lesser Quirks to give himself perfect knowledge. He didn't need training in how to tie a woman up, when his Quirks were telling him where the rope needed to go, how it needed to twine along the Rabbit Hero's body for perfect grip but also to avoid preventing proper circulation.

It helped, of course, that Rumi wasn't fighting him. Oh, he could have easily locked her down and done whatever he wanted to her even if she WAS. Her Quirk, as cool as it was, as strong as she was, was nothing compared to what he had at his disposal. But that wasn't necessary. It would never be necessary, because Izuku had effectively stumbled into turning his teacher into his horny, willing little bunny pet by giving her what she so desperately wanted… a big strong man to breed her and knock her up with all sorts of little buns in the oven.

Besides, this was all her idea. While she may have intended it just for Mt. Lady, Izuku had decided differently… and so Rumi was submitting to him, wholly and completely. Soon enough, she was bound from crotch to neck, her arms tied securely behind her back. The chocolate-colored heroine had not skimped on the rope either, it was of a good, solid quality. Even with her strength, without the leverage to do so, she would have a hard time busting free.

For the final bit, Izuku draws a ball gag out of the trunk and slides it onto Rumi, her mouth opening and her teeth biting down onto it willingly as he slots it into place and cinches it tight behind her head. She looks at him with bedroom eyes, fitting given where they're at. It's obvious she wants nothing more than for him to fuck her in that moment.

But he's not done just yet. So instead, Izuku pushes Rumi down onto the bed and turns to Mt. Lady. Hm.

"What's your name?"

The blonde heroine blinks, flushing under his imperious gaze. Just minutes before, they'd been fucking. He worked fast, after all. His cock is still twitching, rock hard and covered in her pussy juices. Her cunt is still slightly gaping, breathing in and out in anticipation of the return of his member. And only now, after he's tied up her fellow heroine, does he ask for her name.

"… Y-Yu. Yu T-Takeyama… s-sir…"

Izuku's brow raises at that, and a smile spreads across his face. He chuckles, as he reaches into the trunk and comes up with another bundle of rope.

"I was going to ask if you were sure you wanted to partake in this part of the fun too… but I guess I have my answer, don't I?"

Not missing a beat, Yu nods her head into the bed, still face down, still ass up in the air. At seeing the rope, however, she purposefully puts her arms behind her back in the same position Rumi currently has hers, an offering for Izuku to tie her up as well. And tie her up he does.

He doesn't bother changing it up or anything like that. They both get the exact same tie, as well as a ball gag in their mouths. It's his first time playing around with bondage, so he's not trying to get too creative. He ties them both up in the way that feels most natural to his hands, acting mostly on instinct. There are minute differences here and there, as a result. They might not look it at first glance, but Rumi and Yu actually do have very different body types.

They're both absolutely gorgeous, but Rumi's chiseled body is built to take a lot more abuse than Yu's plush figure. Rumi's Quirk encourages her to workout constantly, while Yu's Quirk does not. In the end, the small adjustments that Izuku makes keeps them both… not quite comfortable, but at least from being hurt in the long run from any of this.

'In the long run' is the key word there, as Izuku reaches into the trunk again once they're both bound and gagged in front of him… and pulls out a paddle. There are whips and other accoutrements as well, but he figures it's best to start off simple. At seeing the paddle, Yu falls back down onto her face and lifts her ass back into the air in silence. Rumi begins to pant through her ball gag… and eagerly mimics her kouhai's pose, turning over onto her face as well.

The Rabbit Hero's white little bunny tail twitches in excitement, as she raises her ass high into the air. And just like that, Izuku has two lovely heroines, both eagerly waiting for him to… abuse them. The power he has in this situation, the control he's exacting… it's intoxicating. He has to remind himself not to go too far, because this… it could get out of hand.

However, for all the control he has over Rumi and Yu right now, he has even more control over himself. Self-control is, after all, the most important form of control.

Running the paddle along his palm for a moment, Izuku considers the upturned asses of the two heroines in front of him for just one moment longer… before nodding, as he brings the paddle down on Rumi's ass first.

S-SMACK!

"Mmmph!"

His bound and gagged chocolate bunny squeals through her ball gag, though it's a light one to go with a relatively light smack. He moves over to Yu next and strikes her ass with the paddle as well.

S-SMACK!

"MMPH!"

Same exact blow, down to both location and strength. And yet, for Yu the blow clearly does a lot more damage, making her squeal louder through her gag, making her shriek as her poor, plush backside almost immediately reddens under the strike. Her ass also jiggles far longer than Rumi's toned bottom does, something Izuku notes as he nods quietly to himself.

Then, he begins to alternate blows, back and forth between the two gorgeous women.

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

"Mmph!" "NNGH!" "Mmph!" "MMPH!"

Back and forth he goes, until Yu is instinctively shying away from the paddle, trying to escape its abusive touch. Rumi, on the other hand, can clearly handle a lot more. It's how he ultimately makes his decision. Is that fair? Perhaps not, but then, it's not entirely fair that Rumi interrupted Yu and him in the first place, now, is it?

Moving into position behind Yu, Izuku brings his hands down upon her reddened backside and slides right back into her cunt.

"NNNNGH!"

She squeals loudly through the ball gag at first, her entire body bucking at the sensations he's forcing through it. Her poor, tenderized ass has no doubt experienced quite the shock to the system, with his hands suddenly groping it once more. But as Izuku drills down into her and starts to massage her posterior rather than continue slapping it, her cries quiet down and turn almost… satisfied in nature.

"Nnnngh…"

Izuku can't help grinning slightly, shaking his head in amusement. Yu's pussy walls clench around his cock rhythmically, and he rides her slowly at first, but faster by the moment. It's like what they were doing before, except now Yu's arms are tied behind her back, there's a ball gag in her mouth, and her pale plush behind is red from the strikes of the paddle against it.

Still, he fucks her hard, mounting her and going to town on her. And given he was already fully erect from their previous go, it's not long before he's getting close to cumming. At the last second he pulls out… but not to plunge into Rumi's pussy, as the chocolate bunny would no doubt have wanted.

No, rather, he reaches over and grabs Rumi by her hair, almost going for an ear but ultimately deciding not to be THAT cruel. There was a fine line between pain and pleasure, after all. The hair doesn't cross it, the ear, if he yanked on that as roughly as he does, would have. Either way, the end result is the same. Rumi is pulled around to face him, seemingly helpless with her arms tied behind her back.

Dragging her ball gag down out of her mouth, Izuku shoves his cock into it before she can do much more than gasp… and begins cumming a moment later.

"Huuuuulghk!"

Seed almost immediately explodes out of Rumi's nostrils and the sides of her mouth before she can fully get control. Her eyes widen as she gags and gurgles on both his dick and his hot, steaming load of ejaculate. She does her best to choke it down, to her credit, but it still takes her a while, her athletic, fit form buckling and spasming as she swallows his load.

Izuku doesn't take any mercy on her, however. Unlike Yu, Rumi can take a lot. More than that, he can tell that she WANTS to take a lot. She might have originally intended for Yu to bear the brunt of the bondage and abuse while she helped out… but deep down inside, it was Rumi who actually wanted to be subjected to all of this. She was projecting her wanton desires onto her 'kouhai'.

Well, Izuku would be happy to give her what she wanted. He doesn't take his cock out of her mouth, even as she's struggling to swallow his load and get her breathing under control. And once she finally has, Izuku doesn't let up even then. He begins to thrust, using Rumi's mouth hole as his own personal sex toy, watching as her eyes flicker up to meet his gaze, registering what he's doing.

"Gagkh! Gagkh! Gagkh!"

She doesn't quite… relax into it, but at a certain point she does accept it, her tongue beginning to slide along the underside of his dick as he goes from dumping his load down her throat, to cleaning his cock with her mouth… to outright face fucking her bound form right then and there on the bed. He'd fuck them both silly before the night was over, there was no doubt about that… but Rumi was going to have to earn it first. And earn it she would.

-x-X-x-

When all is said and done, Mitsuki doesn't even remember what brought her to her daughter's room in the first place. Her and Katsumi have always had something of an… acerbic relationship. Normally, the blonde woman would have just shouted at her daughter from across the house, yelling for her until Katsumi either came to find her… or more likely, started yelling right back until they were having a shouting match again.

But just this once, Mitsuki Bakugou had decided not to do that. She had decided to be the bigger person and approached her daughter's room quietly. However, before she can even say a word, before she can even try to get her daughter's attention in a normal manner… she hears… noises. Distinct noises that make Mitsuki freeze in her tracks as her daughter's moaning voice reaches her ears.

"F-Fuck… fuck, FUCK! Fuck you, D-Deku. Fuck you… m-making me feel like this. F-fuck. Nnngh!"

She shouldn't… but she does. Peeking through the crack in her daughter's bedroom door, Mitsuki flushes as she finds herself face to face with QUITE the sight. There, on her bed, Katsumi Bakugou has her school uniform all pulled apart, her blouse open, her skirt and panties yanked down to her knees. Her ass is high into the air and she's currently fingering herself with a vicious vengeance.

Now, let it be said that Mitsuki Bakugou fully believed no mother should be imagining HOW their daughter should masturbate. Certainly, Mitsuki never had before now. But the way Katsumi is roughly and aggressively fingering herself is almost… exactly what she would have pictured, if she ever DID. At the same time though, it's not Katsumi's actions that have Mitsuki's attention. It's the words coming out of her daughter's mouth.

"N-Not in a million years, huh? Not in a million years?! Fuck you, y-you bastard! Ungh! F-Fuck you!"

Mitsuki is not completely ignorant of the things her daughter is going through, has been going through for a long time. She knows who 'Deku' is. Izuku Midoriya. Once upon a time, he and Katsumi were the closest of friends. Then, it turned out that Izuku was Quirkless. They'd had a falling out. But more recently, Mitsuki had heard through the grape vine that Izuku was a late bloomer, and more than that, he'd been accepted into UA.

Clearly, Katsumi and Izuku had had some sort of altercation or interaction. Her daughter was… well, this wasn't like her. She'd never been boy crazy before now. Still, Mitsuki tries to put herself in Katsumi's shoes for a moment. Her childhood friend had come back out of nowhere with a Quirk that let him get into UA's prestigious Hero Course right alongside her. Maybe she'd tried to befriend him again… and he'd told her not in a million years?

But then, why had that prompted this truly aggressive masturbatory session that was clearly based on Izuku Midoriya and whatever had happened between them?

Lips thinning out, Mitsuki Bakugou narrows her eyes. She could admit it, she wasn't always the best mother. But she cared. She cared quite a bit. And if her daughter was suffering… well, it was her job to do something about it, wasn't it?
Chapter 27: Mitsuki Bakugou
Chapter Text

Izuku Midoriya's relationship with his mother is best described as… coexisting. They interact, if nothing else. Inko's position in his life had long been that of a caretaker, rather than a mother. It wasn't that Izuku hated her or anything like that. He even felt like he might have loved her.

… But when it came to his and his father's plan, there were sacrifices made for Operational Security. Izuku's dad had made it clear that the less people who knew the Full Truth, the better. Only those who were truly, deeply trusted could possibly be brought in on even a part of the secret that he and his father carried. Specifically about the way their Quirks worked… well, the way Izuku's Quirk alone worked, now.

Inko Midoriya had not made the cut, so to speak. She was trusted enough to raise Izuku publicly, while his father worked from the shadows and was ostensibly at a job overseas. But she was not trusted enough to know the true nature of Izuku or All for One's Quirks, the ability to steal Quirks from others, to gather them up.

That meant his mother had long believed Izuku to be Quirkless. It meant she'd raised him all these years assuming he would never amount to anything. It meant… it meant she'd been the birthplace of a thousand sad looks whenever she thought he wasn't looking.

Izuku didn't hate his mother. But it was hard to feel too deep of a connection to a person you'd spent your life lying to. When he finally did get to come out with a Quirk, Inko had been ecstatic. Jubilant, really. But Izuku had struggled to share in her happiness, in her sudden newfound appreciation for her son. She had never neglected him physically, but emotionally…

In the end, it didn't matter. Inko might not have known about All for One's Quirk, but she did know some of his truth. She knew, for instance, that he was rich. She knew that he was a criminal. And more recently, she was aware that All for One had died… and left a massive inheritance to Izuku. He would never want for anything, ever again.

This, of course, combined with everything else, had changed the dynamic between him and his mother massively. Overnight, she was no longer his caretaker. In a way, he had become hers. The money that had once flowed through All for One into Inko's hands for her to care for Izuku had suddenly come through him. And though Izuku had not stopped the payments, had not interfered with Inko's only source of income in any way, they both knew that fact all the same.

Inko no longer questioned him about what he was doing or where he was going. She acted as though it was because he was going to UA now, and that he was all grown-up because he was training to be a Pro Hero. But they both knew the truth, or so Izuku had thought. She was a little afraid of him. A little scared of him, now that he was in charge and his father was gone.

Yes, that was what Izuku had believed to be the case. Which was why he was so surprised to come home on Saturday morning and almost immediately be accosted by the woman.

"O-Oh! Izuku, there was a call-in for you!"

Blinking at that, Izuku looks to his mother, tilting his head in confusion.

"A call-in?"

Smiling nervously but also hopefully, Inko Midoriya bobs her head up and down.

"Yes! Do you remember Auntie Mitsuki, by any chance?"

For a brief moment, Izuku draws a blank on the name. To be fair, while he's found himself forced to interact with Katsumi more than not in recent times, he hasn't seen her mother in years… not since he was found to be Quirkless and Katsumi and he had… heh, 'drifted apart'. So it's no wonder that it takes him a second to place the name. 'Auntie Mitsuki', hmph. As if that woman has the right to call herself his Aunt after a decade of no contact.

"… I remember her, yes."

But then, Inko doesn't know why exactly he and Katsumi stopped being thick as thieves. She doesn't know about the bullying. Izuku never told her. He could make up a lie and say it was Operational Security or something silly like that, but the truth was what it was. He just hadn't wanted to confide in Inko. Not and receive more of those sad glances of hers.

"W-Well! She called up this morning to chat and asked how you were! I told her all about how you had gotten into UA, and how it turned out that you were just a Late Bloomer. She was so happy for you. And get this, she wants to take you out to lunch tomorrow to celebrate! Her treat!"

For a long moment, Izuku just processes Inko's words. He hears his mother crystal clear the first time, admittedly, but he still finds himself momentarily catching on what she just said. He finds himself considering, in the space of one long drawn-out moment, if Mitsuki Bakugou knows about her daughter's treatment of him all these years.

… But no, she doesn't know about the bullying. He remembers 'Auntie Mitsuki', and while she wasn't a bad woman by any means, she had a short temper that Katsumi had inherited. Even when they were both very young, Mitsuki would yell at Katsumi for the smallest of things. It had always… irritated Izuku back then, but Katsumi hated when he tried to defend her. Usually because Mitsuki would turn on a dime, getting nice and sweet with Izuku since he wasn't actually her kid.

Hm, was there any merit to the idea of Katsumi turning out the way she did because she was inadvertently abused by her mother, even if Mitsuki wasn't necessarily a bad person in general? … Nah. Katsumi was just a bitch, full stop.

Still, her mother…

"I-I told her you would be thrilled, o-of course. I hope you don't mind."

THAT gets a blink from Izuku, who finds himself jarred out of his thoughts as he looks to his mother, to Inko Midoriya.

"You did what?"

He'd thought they had an understanding. He'd thought Inko understood the dynamic between them had changed and was never going back to the way it was before. In point of fact, even with the way it was before, she wouldn't have made any decision for him without consulting his father first. It was All for One who had the final say on Izuku's schedule back then.

Now, it was him. And judging by the nervousness as Inko wrings her hands in front of her, she knows she fucked up.

"W-Well, I just thought… it's been so long since you saw Auntie Mitsuki. You and her deserve this chance to catch up!"

For a moment, Izuku wants to blow up at Inko. But while he might be a little ambivalent of their mother-son relationship… she's still his mother, isn't she? She's drastically overstepped her bounds, but to be fair… he didn't exactly have any plans for Sunday as of yet. He could certainly have made plans, but this… it's funny. He's been 'aggressively' ignoring Katsumi. Meaning, he's let her come to him, smacked her around, and then left her to eat dirt again and again so far.

And yet, he kind of finds himself intrigued by the prospect of meeting with her mother. There's no way Mitsuki knows what her daughter has been up to. He's curious to see how she'll react when he tells her. There's just one thing…

"Just Mitsuki? Not Mitsuki and Katsumi?"

Inko jolts at his sudden response. Perhaps she too expected him to blow up at her. She'd certainly been walking on egg shells around him, ever since his father died. Still, at hearing such a neutral response, Inko is buoyed and nods.

"Y-Yes. Um, at least, I believe so anyways. She didn't mention Katsumi would be there… she said it was all about celebrating with y-you and catching up!"

That would have to do, Izuku supposed.

"Fine. But in the future, do not make plans for me. Understood?"

Inko nods rapidly, clearly appreciating Izuku's levelheaded response. She better. Theirs was not a normal mother-son dynamic. She was not in charge of him, not even remotely. Not any longer. Giving one single sharp nod back, Izuku heads for his room, already considering exactly how he's going to ruin Mitsuki Bakugou's day.

-x-X-x-

"I… I didn't know."

Staring across the table at the moderately nice restaurant his 'Auntie Mitsuki' has brought him to, Izuku smiles thinly. They're currently waiting for their entrees to be delivered. In the meantime, he'd gone ahead and filled her in on exactly what his and Katsumi's relationship had been like for the last decade. To be fair, she had asked. She'd been the one to push it. And so Izuku had, admittedly somewhat gleefully, explained just how her daughter had bullied him for being Quirkless.

Mitsuki, needless to say, looks absolutely floored. Yet, there's something else as well. Something beyond just the knowledge that her daughter was a bully hitting her like a freight train.

"Well, now you do. Katsumi did her level best to make my school life a living hell before UA. Even now, she can't accept that I have a Quirk, that I have power. She doesn't want to believe it, because it means her whole mentality was wrong all this time."

Izuku lays out these facts matter-of-factly, not afraid in the slightest of offending Mitsuki Bakugou. But also, it doesn't seem like he IS offending her. Rather, Mitsuki is continuing to give him a strange look. Curious now at her reaction, Izuku brings forth his extrasensory Quirks, to get a better idea of what's going on in her head. Unfortunately, he doesn't have the ability to read minds. Fortunately, he doesn't need it to quickly realize something very interesting. Mitsuki Bakugou is aroused.

"… You really have grown up into an impressive young man, Izuku."

Raising an eyebrow at that, Izuku stares Mitsuki down until she realizes SHE'S staring, causing the middle-aged woman to flush and avert her gaze. Despite easily being in her late thirties, Izuku can admit it… Mitsuki looks amazing for her age. Not like his mother, who has aged fine, but not particularly gracefully. To be fair though, Inko's Quirk didn't let her cheat like Mitsuki's did.

Mitsuki Bakugou's Quirk, Glycerin, allowed its used to produce a smooth liquid from their skin. Mitsuki had used its moisturizing effect to great lengths over the years, and to this day had flawless skin and a youthful appearance, despite her age. She was, to put it bluntly… a total MILF.

Of course, Izuku doesn't let his interest in her, nor his knowledge of her arousal, show on his face as Mitsuki squirms a bit under his eyes.

"A-Apologies. I… I've… I promise you; I'll bring Katsumi to task for what she's done. She won't get away with it, ever again."

"A little too late for that, don't you think? She's already been stopped. I stopped her. But you… Mitsuki, you don't even realize that you're part of the problem, do you?"

That gets a more characteristic reaction out of Mitsuki. Namely, she stiffens and gawks at him before bristling with anger for a brief moment.

"W-What?! What's that supposed to mean?!"

But just because she's finally gotten over her shock and embarrassment on her daughter's behalf and is once again showing herself to be short-tempered and aggressive, doesn't mean Izuku is backing down.

"She learned it from you, Mitsuki."

"I-I've never bullied anyone in my life! I'm not an idiot! I know my daughter is arrogant and self-centered, and I've tried to smack that out of her, but-!"

Izuku's bark of laughter cuts Mitsuki off. He gives the older woman a glare, eyes narrowed as he leans across the table towards her.

"In one breath you speak of not being a bully while also talking about how you smack your daughter. Don't you think the two are a little contradictory, Mitsuki?"

He can't help putting a little heat into his words. And maybe it's Mitsuki's odd arousal, or maybe he's just that intimidating, but the aggressive woman actually… backs down. She rears back as if struck, and then almost seems to deflate in on herself, hanging her head as he actually seems to get through to her. To be fair, he might be using a couple of Social Engineering Quirks here and there, giving more weight to his words. But still… there's something odd about her reactions, something he's missing.

"… How can I make amends, Izuku? How can I make up for my daughter's mistakes? Katsumi… she's not a bad kid. She just needs a second chance."

For a brief moment, Mitsuki's quiet, apologetic tone makes Izuku feel… strange. For a brief moment, he finds himself remembering the good times, his childhood with Katsumi, when they were still friends and her aggressive attitude was a boon instead of a hindrance.

That doesn't last long, however. Izuku lets out a growl, and glares at Katsumi's mother, unabashed.

"You want to make amends? Start by getting down on your knees and begging for forgiveness on your daughter's behalf."

He's not actually expecting her to do it, to be fair. He's not expecting her to beg him right here and now in the middle of a public restaurant. Which is why Mitsuki surprises him so much when he senses not just a spike of arousal from the woman, but also watches her stand up, clearly intent on following through on his demand right then and there.

"Wait! What are you doing?!"

Izuku scowls as he stops Mitsuki in her tracks. He's reminded of how Katsumi was in the forest after their duel. Not that she'd shown any sign of submission then, not like her mother was now. Mitsuki leans over the table rather than getting on her knees and grabs him by the hand.

"I'm trying to show you, Izuku. I'm willing to do ANYTHING to make amends for my daughter's actions. Anything at all."

Where the hell was this coming from? Admittedly, Izuku hadn't seen 'Auntie' Mitsuki in a long time, but he definitely didn't remember her being this thirsty. And yet… like mother like daughter, perhaps? Katsumi had clearly gotten that weird arousal he'd noted before from somewhere. And it seemed Mitsuki was indeed willing to do ANYTHING to make amends.

The only question was, did he take advantage of that? And if so, how?
Chapter 28: Mitsuki Bakugou Pt. 2
Chapter Text

"… Fine. But not here. I'll let you apologize… privately."

Mitsuki Bakugou does not fail to notice the way young Izuku's eyes trail down to her cleavage as she leans over the table towards him, her hand atop his hand. She's not upset about it however… in fact, she was counting on him looking down her top.

"O-Of course… check please!"

What was she even doing? As Mitsuki quickly pulls out her purse and settles the bill, she's fidgeting and squirming under Izuku Midoriya's steely gaze. Despite being her daughter's age, he was far too mature… far too worldly. But then, who's fault was that? On the face of it, it was Katsumi's fault… but was he right? Could he be correct? Had Mitsuki truly ruined her own daughter with her piss poor parenting skills?

Before sitting down across from Izuku and talking to him today, she would have blown a gasket had anyone told her that. How dare they, r-right? How dare anyone try to tell her how to raise HER child! But now… if anyone had cause to tell her off, it was Izuku, wasn't it? The boy that her daughter had been bullying under Mitsuki's nose for the last several years.

Not that he acted like much of a bullying victim, Mitsuki notes, as she and he leave the restaurant behind. He lets her lead the way, but it's with this quiet sort of confidence to him that Mitsuki has to admit has her shaken. More than shaken, he has her feeling things she hasn't felt in a long, long time.

… Mitsuki Bakugou wouldn't call her marriage loveless by any stretch of the imagination. But if she had to put a word to it, she would call it… settled. Not in the sense that she'd settled for her husband, but rather that they'd BOTH settled down and just… relaxed into the relationship. Despite how short-tempered and fiery a woman Mitsuki was, her husband was quite calm and tame in comparison. This meant that they didn't have many fights… but it also meant they didn't have many nights of passionate, untamed love-making either.

Instead, it was Katsumi that Mitsuki was always fighting with. It was Katsumi that Mitsuki was verbally sparring with… as well as physically assaulting. But of course, nothing sexual had ever happened between mother and daughter. And Mitsuki… Mitsuki hadn't realized just how long her dry spell had been. She and her husband could have had sex… if she initiated things.

Somewhere along the way, she'd stopped initiating and just… let it be. Only now, as she squirmed and walked alongside the confident collected Izuku Midoriya, did she realize how… pent-up she'd gotten. But she couldn't just… could she? I-If it was for the sake of an apology though… maybe?

"Are we going somewhere, or are you planning to apologize by giving me a tour of the city?"

Izuku's dry, unimpressed tone cuts through Mitsuki's thoughts. Her hackles are immediately raised, her instinctive response is to lash out and respond caustically and aggressively… but she pushes that down and swallows thickly. Of course. He was letting her lead, which meant she was to decide the location.

For a brief moment, Mitsuki thinks of her home. Her husband was at work, so it would be fine… if not for Katsumi. Instead, there was really only one option for a private apology.

"O-Of course. Right this way."

Izuku follows after her sedately, as she leads him to a nearby Love Hotel. Thankfully, the whole thing is automated. Purchasing a room requires zero human interaction, and soon enough, not but ten minutes later, she and Izuku are safely ensconced inside said hotel room. As the door closes and locks behind them, Mitsuki turns to Izuku… and he turns to her, raising one single unimpressed eyebrow.

She opens her mouth, about to ask how to make amends again… before realizing he'd already told her earlier, back at the restaurant.

"You want to make amends? Start by getting down on your knees and begging for forgiveness on your daughter's behalf."

And then, he'd had her take them somewhere private. He hadn't outright said Love Hotel, but he also hadn't raised a single word of protest as she'd paid for the room and led him in here. In the end… didn't she already know exactly what he wanted? Mitsuki blushes, heart thumping in her chest. Yes… it was what HE wanted. S-She had no choice… this was to apologize. N-Nothing more…

Ignoring the heat down between her thighs, the gorgeous MILF slowly descends to her knees. Izuku watches her go, and then watches as she crawls over to him. He stays silent, even as she reaches for his crotch. Only when her hands land on his belt does he speak up.

"What are you doing?"

Freezing in place, Mitsuki looks up at him, eyes wide. He wants her to spell it out then? She can… she can do that.

"M-Making amends, I-Izuku… begging… begging for forgiveness."

She finds herself panting as she explains, her chest heaving up and down along with each breath in and out. Izuku's eyes fix on this facet of her body, and for a long moment he's silent before giving her a single sharp nod.

"Very well. Go ahead."

A dominance play, if she ever saw one. But a very effective, very successful one too. Certainly, he's made it clear who's in charge here. She might have brought them here, but he… he's the one who has all the power. He could ruin her daughter, if he wanted to. A boy as smart as Izuku? Mitsuki doesn't doubt for a second that he has all sorts of evidence against Katsumi.

Extracting his cock from its confines, Mitsuki can't help the quiet little moan that leaves her lips as she pulls it out into the air. He's bigger than her husband, and oh how that thought utterly fills her with shame the moment she has it. But it's true. Her husband isn't tiny, by any stretch of the imagination. But facts being what they are… Izuku is quite gifted, and she finds herself breathing in his scent, nuzzling his cockhead to soak up his musk.

He grunts in response, seeming duly unimpressed with her 'apology' so far. But that's fair… she hasn't truly gotten started yet. Lolling out her tongue, Mitsuki begins to lick and slurp and lap at the engorged, growing member in front of her. He's getting bigger by the second, and she can hardly believe the boy who was once best friends with her daughter has grown into this fine, handsome, hunky specimen of a man.

Eventually, she decides she's worshipped his cock long enough. He doesn't say anything, but Mitsuki herself feels like it's time to move onto the… proper apology. And so she pulls back, drawing her tongue along Izuku's underside as she goes, until finally she reaches the bulbous head of his cock. Looking up into his unreadable eyes, Mitsuki opens her mouth as wide as she possibly can… and takes him past her lips.

She descends down his magnificent member as far as she can possibly get before his dick hits the back of her throat at around the halfway mark… maybe a little before it, Mitsuki thinks as she looks at the rest of his shaft. His cock throbs and pulsates in her warm, wet mouth, and she gurgles a little bit, once again unable to help comparing him to her husband. He's bigger and thicker and… a lot harder to handle.

It's not all roses and sunshine, trying to deal with a MUCH bigger cock than her spouse's. But she's in too deep at this point to back out. And besides, this isn't just some act of passion. She's not cheating on her husband because she w-wants to, or anything like that. No… this is penance. This is an act of contrition. She failed Izuku. She failed Katsumi. She deserves this punishment… and more.

With that in mind, Mitsuki Bakugou pulls back… and then drives herself back down his cock. This time, she doesn't stop at hitting the back of her throat, she forces herself to relax her esophagus and swallow as much of his massive dick as she possibly can. She gets a little further this time, just past the halfway mark as she chokes on his dick.

Glancing up at Izuku finds his eyes as unreadable as ever. If he's moved by her act of penance, he doesn't show it. W-Well, she'll just have to go harder. Further. Deeper. Marshalling herself, Mitsuki begins to bob up and down Izuku's cock… unlocking skills she hasn't used since her college days. It's been a long, long time since she gave any man a blowjob, and certainly none have been as big as Izuku Midoriya. Still, she knew how to deep-throat a dick alongside the best of them, once upon a time. It's like riding a bicycle… you never really forget.

"Glughk! Glughk! Glughk!"

That said, the MILF can't help but become a little frenzied, the longer it takes to draw a reaction out of Izuku. All she wants is a grunt or a groan, really. All she wants is for him to show he's enjoying himself. She's trying her damnedest to make amends after all! Even as she descends further and further down his member, choking herself on his cock and bulging her throat with his thick and throbbing shaft, Mitsuki tries desperately to think of a way to get a reaction out of him.

Then, it comes to her. He'd been looking down her shirt and staring at her breasts all this time. It was obvious what he wanted from her… right? That said, she couldn't stop sucking his cock. Not even for a moment. That wouldn't… that wouldn't be a proper apology.

And so, Mitsuki shucks off her open jacket, and reaches up to yank her white shirt down. Bunching it up around her waist, she hurries to undo her bra as well, pulling it off and finally releasing her breasts into the open air. As they bounce free, springing about quite energetically, Mitsuki continues to deep-throat Izuku's cock, knowing full well that her breasts practically defy gravity with their perkiness, thanks to her Quirk.

Izuku's eyes do indeed get drawn down to her tits, and Mitsuki likes to think she sees a hint of interest in his gaze. Her breasts jiggle and shake as she continues to slam herself down his member, reaching out to grab hold of his legs so she can face fuck herself even harder upon his cock.

"Gagkh! Gagkh! Gagkh!"

Finally, she gets something of a reaction. He grunts… and places a hand atop her head. Mitsuki stiffens for a moment, before blushing profusely. Her face was already flushed, so it's not that noticeable… but still, why the hell does his hand on her head suffuse her with such warmth and happiness? Embarrassed, she tries to ignore her own feelings, and focus on making Izuku feel good above all else.

At least she's finally making progress, as her breasts bounce and swing in the open air, no longer confined, no longer held in place. Slurping at his cock, choking on his member, her saliva and drool slowly dribble down onto her fat tits, and she makes quite the mess of herself until finally-

"I'm about to cum, Mitsuki."

He says it like he's telling her tomorrow's weather, and for a moment Mitsuki doesn't know what to do. But then she focuses on why they're here and what her purpose is. She's making amends. What better way to make amends… then her complete and utter humiliation? Sure, swallowing his load would leave less of a mess… but that wasn't the point of all of this.

And so Mitsuki pulls out and wraps one arm around her body, using it to lift her tits up and present them. The other hand goes to his cock and strokes it enthusiastically, even as she tilts her head back and lolls out her tongue.

With one final grunt, Izuku explodes all over her. He coats her face and tits in his jizz, making an absolute mess of her. It's a mockery of her marriage, of her role as a mother, of… of everything. And she thinks she maybe just cums a little from it, as humiliating as it is. Her pussy clenches, and she whimpers as his cum drips and drools down her face and along her soft, sensitive, naked tits.

In the aftermath, Mitsuki kneels there… and realizes that this might not be the end. Izuku had been bullied by Katsumi for YEARS. One blowjob… probably wasn't going to be enough. More than that, Izuku had even more ammunition now. He could have ruined Katsumi's life before… now, he could ruin Mitsuki's marriage. He could destroy his bully's family.

Pulling back, Mitsuki spreads her kneeling legs and leans back, hiking up her skirt and exposing her panty-clad crotch.

"W-Was that enough, Izuku… or do you w-want more? I'm at your mercy… I c-couldn't say no… even if I wanted to."

-x-X-x-

… Izuku Midoriya didn't need to be a mind reader to know that Mitsuki Bakugou had been doing some serious mental gymnastics since all the way back in the restaurant to justify all of this. He knew the truth though. This was less about apologizing for Katsumi, less about making amends… and more about getting her own rocks off. Katsumi's mom was a fucking slut, a horny needy cunt who had almost enjoyed deep throating his cock as much as he had.

And he HAD enjoyed it, to be perfectly clear. There was no denying that. He'd enjoyed every bit of her enthusiastic performance in this room so far. Still, it rankled a little bit. He almost felt used by the older woman. Now… now she wanted more. It was obvious she wanted more. Her panties were soaked through.

He could give it to her. He'd probably enjoy it too. And all in the name of 'apologizing', so Mitsuki's conscience would remain clear. But he had to admit, that thought didn't fill him with satisfaction. It didn't make him entirely happy.

Izuku was of half a mind to force Mitsuki to confront the true reasons behind her infidelity. He KNEW how aroused she was right now. He knew how aroused she'd been since back in the restaurant. She'd CHOSEN to 'apologize' on her knees in the way she had, rather than with words. If she wanted to be fucked by him, she should just fucking say so.

… On the other hand, he would cherish this memory for quite a long time to come. Katsumi's mom, on her knees, covered in his cum and begging for more after sucking his cock to completion. Her naked, cum-coated tits heave from exertion, her red eyes shrunk to pinpricks as she pants needily, waiting for his response.

He could just leave. But was he really about to let an opportunity like this pass him by?
Chapter 29: Mitsuki Bakugou Pt. 3
Chapter Text

"… No."

Mitsuki jolts as if struck physically by the force of his one word answer. Her mouth opens as if to speak, but Izuku cuts her off, piercing her with a glare and staring her down intensely.

"I don't want anything more from you, Mitsuki Bakugou. I don't want anything at all. But what I want doesn't matter, does it? What matters is what YOU want."

Taken aback, the gorgeous MILF, still covered in his drying cum, trembles for a moment. He can see it in her eyes immediately. She knows what he means. But she's afraid. She doesn't want to admit it, even to herself. All those mental gymnastics are catching up with her.

"W-What… what do you m-mean?"

Izuku's lip curls up in a sneering grin, as he stares down at her. Kneeling before him with her tits out and covered in his jizz, her skirt hiked up to show off her panty-clad crotch… does he really have to spell it out for her? Apparently he does. And fuck it, he supposes he might as well.

"You want this, Mitsuki. You want me to fuck you. You aren't satisfied with your marriage, with your husband. No, you want more. You are the one who brought ME here. Under the guise of paying back your daughter's debt to me, you got down on your knees and sucked my cock. I didn't even have to ask you to do it, did I?"

"Y-You-!"

"All I asked for was an apology. All of this? A Love Hotel? The blowjob? That was you, Mitsuki."

He can see his words are getting to her. He's piercing right to the core of the situation. She can't remain in denial with Izuku calling her out point blank. Forcing her to acknowledge that everything up until this point was her idea… that's just stage one. Now…

"Admit what you really want, and I just might give it to you. Admit that you want my fucking cock inside of your sopping wet cunt and I just might fuck you, you horny, cheating bitch."

Mitsuki jerks back again, her head whipping to the side as if he backhanded her physically, rather than just verbally. She stares at him with wide eyes, recognizing that he has her dead to rights. He's not going to blackmail Katsumi's mother into having sex with him. He doesn't need to. Izuku might not know the true details of Mitsuki's marriage, but he knows one thing for certain… she's not happy, if she's willing to do all of this with him.

"I… I…"

Izuku rolls his eyes. Even now, the normally brash and fiery woman is unable to formulate a response. Like mother, like daughter he supposes. Though Katsumi would be a lot more impotent rage rather than speechless terror at the moment.

Regardless, he's not going to stand there waiting forever. He has better things to be doing. Better women too, to make a little joke in his head. If Mitsuki is going to be indecisive about this…

"Then I guess we're done here. Good riddance, Mitsuki."

Izuku puts his cock away in one smooth motion and turns on his heel, fully prepared to walk out the door if it comes to that. This is it, either Mitsuki stops him, or he's gone. Either way, Izuku wins. He's had his fun after all. He's had his way with Katsumi's mother and doesn't need anything more. Cumming all over Mitsuki's face and tits is more than enough for his satisfaction.

"W-Wait!"

Ah, but not for Mitsuki's, now is it? His hand is on the door handle as her voice reaches him. Stopping, Izuku turns and looks back over his shoulder, eyes narrowed at the still-kneeling MILF, covered in his cum. Averting her gaze, Mitsuki whimpers.

"P-Please… please fuck me. I-I want you to fuck me."

Turning around fully, Izuku stays where he is for a moment.

"Do you now?"

Mitsuki's blush intensifies and she nods her head in a jerked, ashamed motion.

"I-I want your fucking c-cock in my s-sopping wet pussy b-because I'm a horny… c-cheating bitch."

Having her parrot his words back to him is quite the delight. Izuku smiles thinly and reaches down with one hand to free his cock from its confines once more. Mitsuki's eyes immediately zero in on it, her breathing becoming uneven as she starts to pant. As her cum-covered tits jiggle slightly with her breathing, Izuku tilts his head to the side in amusement.

"You mean this cock?"

Mitsuki's blush grows even hotter as she whimpers, recognizing what he's doing. In the end, it would appear she's lost her voice again, because all she can do in response to his query is nod her head up and down some more.

Izuku hums, considering it for a moment. He's not feigning that consideration either. In the end, he decides it's good enough… IF she can follow orders.

"Show me."

He's deliberately vague, and not at all upset with the results. Mitsuki hesitates for only a moment longer, before turning around and bending over. Getting on her hands and knees, the gorgeous MILF reaches back and hikes her skirt up over her ass and hips. Then, she hooks her thumbs into her panties and carefully slides them down her body, shuddering as they pull away from her pussy, all sticky.

She was indeed sopping wet, just like he'd said she was. But then, of course. Izuku knew from his Quirks just how aroused Mitsuki was. She might have managed to fool herself, but there wasn't a world in which she could fool him. His enhanced senses gave him perfect awareness of his surroundings… and of the state of being for the people within those surroundings.

Pressing her face into the carpet of the love hotel, Mitsuki Bakugou lifts her hips high into the air, showing off her dripping nethers nestled between thicc, perfectly creamy thighs. Her Quirk really is unfair, giving her such excellent skin. For a brief moment, Izuku is almost tempted to take it from her as true punishment, just to see how she likes aging normally for once.

… But no, that's a silly passing thought at best. Not only would it take too long for the punishment to truly take effect, in the short term it would only serve to expose him. A point of failure like that wasn't something Izuku wanted at this point in time.

Instead, he settles for what Mitsuki has begged him for, secure in the knowledge that Katsumi Bakugou's own mother has debased herself and admitted that there's nothing she wants more than for her daughter's victim to fuck her right here and now.

Stepping forward, Izuku sinks to his knees behind Mitsuki and plants his hands firmly upon her shapely buttocks, bringing his palms down hard in a pair of twin smacks that cause Mitsuki to uncharacteristically squeak and shudder as he then turns those smacks into gropes.

His cock comes up and presses against her slit for a moment, teasing her opening as Izuku hums briefly. This time, he's definitely feigning consideration. He knows he's going to fuck her. And so does Mitsuki. But he can't help toy with her all the same.

"Is this what you want, Mitsuki?"

The hesitation grows shorter and shorter as time goes on, with Mitsuki moaning for only a moment before nodding her head with more enthusiasm than previous times.

"Y-Yes! Please Izuku, p-please stop teasing me! I need your big… fat… c-cock inside of me…"

Eyes flashing, Izuku growls and then thrusts forward. His member pierces straight to Mitsuki's sopping core in one smooth motion. The MILF's pussy is so slick, so wet, and so ready for him that he goes ball's deep right off the bat. A grunt leaves his lips as he doubles over her, but it's drowned out by Mitsuki's loud wanton moan, half turned into a squeal of ecstasy as her inner walls flex and clench around his cock.

The bitch just came from the first thrust. To be fair, everything before now was clearly incredible foreplay for her… but still, how embarrassing. Izuku just chuckles tauntingly, and from the way Mitsuki buries her head in her hands, she knows why he's laughing. Doesn't stop her from pushing her hips back into his though. Doesn't stop her from moaning up a storm as he fucks her hard and fast right there on the floor.

The bed remains untouched beside them, but Izuku finds that quite fitting. Mitsuki might not have done anything to him personally, but he hadn't been lying when he said he blamed her for Katsumi, at least partially. Would his childhood friend turned bully have turned out the way she did if she'd had a better mother?

Sure, Mitsuki might not have put all of the Quirk Superiority bullshit in Katsumi's head. Sure, she hadn't knowingly enabled Katsumi's behavior. And sure, Izuku had used Katsumi's bullying to his advantage, all part of his and his father's plan to cultivate a certain image. But that didn't change the role Mitsuki had played in everything. The woman was abusive, and if nothing else, Izuku found himself hoping she might take something away from all of this… besides the pleasure he was currently bringing her.

As he plows Mitsuki into the carpet, Izuku grunts, feeling himself getting close. But of course, there's no way in a million years he's cumming inside of the bodacious MILF. As he fucks Mitsuki through orgasm after orgasm, feeling her pussy walls clenching around his cock time and time again, Izuku waits until the last possible second… and then proceeds to pull out and cum all over her backside and back.

Just as he did with her face and tits, Izuku coats Mitsuki's back profile in his jizz. He covers her in his cum, and gazes upon the work of art he's made her into with a sense of pure pride and satisfaction. He almost considers taking a photo on the off chance that he might one day show it to Katsumi… but in the end, he doesn't do it. He's not about to even lean towards blackmailing Mitsuki like that. Oh, he'd emotionally blackmail her all day long over both her own shitty behavior and the shitty behavior of her child all these years, but he wasn't going to cross that line any further.

Grunting, Izuku gives Mitsuki's fat ass one last smack and then stands up, fixing his clothing and tucking his cock away once more as he stares down at her. She's still riding the wave of her last orgasm, it looks like. Either that, or she's too ashamed of herself to so much as get up and look him in the eye. In the end, Izuku decides it doesn't matter which it is.

… He's done here.

"Goodbye, Mitsuki. If you want to do this again, you call ME, not my mother."

With that little window left open for a repeat performance, Izuku turns and leaves the love hotel.

-x-X-x-

Mitsuki quivers as the door clicks shut behind him. That young man… he'd completely ruined her. He'd fucked her harder than she could ever remember being fucked before. He'd used her like… like she was nothing. And all after making him beg for it as well. And then at the end of it all… he'd made his offer.

Again? AGAIN? The idea of it both excites and terrifies her at the same time. Before today, Mitsuki had never strayed in her marriage. Not even once. Oh sure, she'd thought about it. There had been a handsome stranger here or there that she'd ogled and enjoyed. Indeed, in her line of work, there were plenty of beautiful people that Mitsuki could have had an affair with at the drop of a hat.

She hadn't though. She'd never done more than look. Never done more than fantasized. Until today.

And just who had she chosen to have a full-blown affair with? Oh, just Izuku Midoriya, her daughter's childhood friend, and apparently bullying victim. So many other fish in the sea, and Mitsuki had succumbed to impulses she didn't even know she had with the worst possible option. It was unconscionable… and yet, at the same time, Mitsuki already knows she's going to call him up eventually.

It's not a matter of 'if' but 'when'. She wants him inside of her again, even now. She already wants him to fuck her again. Whimpering, mewling even, Mitsuki reaches down between her legs and frigs her clit and freshly fucked sex as she kneels there on the carpet, a fucking mess. She's going to have to pay extra to the love hotel for the cleaning service. But she can't bring herself to mind.

If anything… she wishes Izuku had made her MORE messy.

-x-X-x-

"Mmm~"

Izuku smiles as Nana hums around his cock. The beautiful, musclebound heroine is on her knees, sucking him off. Not for his pleasure, though he's certainly enjoying it, but for her own. Nana is… well, she's very codependent. Always will be, after what happened to her. Izuku doesn't mind though. She's not only one of the last gifts he received from his father, but also his responsibility. He wouldn't trade her for anything, and he WILL always look after her.

With a grunt, he cums down her throat, Nana happily swallowing every last drop before pulling back off of his cock with a pop. A twinkle in her eye, she tilts her head to the side as she strokes his cock for a moment before tucking it back away.

"Your class will be going to the Unforeseen Simulation Joint Facility today for a lesson. Specifically, the Trial of Rescue. I'll be in attendance, as will Mirko and the Space Hero Thirteen, due to her assistance with disaster relief."

Izuku slowly nods at this, taking in this information.

"… Sounds like fun. I assume there's a reason you're telling me all about it ahead of time, however?"

Nana smiles wickedly and nods.

"There will be an element of chance and luck involved at a certain point. With what role you're chosen to play in the Trial, and who you're meant to save. I could… rig it for you, if you like. Or we could leave it purely up to chance."

Izuku blinks at that, imagining himself for a moment being the one tasked with rescuing all of the girls as the victims/damsels in distress, while the boys act as the villains to stop him. He has to admit, it's a tantalizing thought.

… But does he want to go that brazen with it? Or would it be better to leave it purely to chance like Nana had suggested?
Chapter 30: The USJ Test
Chapter Text

Izuku would be lying if he said he wasn't tempted for just a moment to have Nana rig it for him. There's definitely a small part of him that's all for showing off and being given as many opportunities as possible to do so. And yet… it's probably for the best that he keeps things reasonable, isn't it? All in all, he would be better served not standing out more than he already was. It was fine to be the head of the class, but it was another thing entirely to be drawing the wrong sort of attention to what was happening around him.

Shaking his head, he gives Nana a rueful smile.

"The latter, I say. We leave it purely up to chance."

Nana just smiles and nods, before smoothly rising from her knees. She gives his chest one last touch before they leave the room together, getting on with their day.

-x-X-x-

"Hello students of Class 1-A. Welcome to the Unforeseen Simulation Joint Facility, otherwise known as the USJ facility for short. You all are here today for the Trial of Rescue, something that every single prospective Pro Hero must go through multiple times over the course of their training. Can anyone tell me why that is?"

There's a beat of silence, and then a hand shoots up, prompting the Space Hero, Thirteen, to nod in their direction. Ochaco Uraraka flushes as all eyes turn to her before ultimately the brunette finds her courage.

"Because to be a Pro Hero is to help people!"

Izuku smiles at the enthusiastic reply, even as Thirteen carefully nods. His eyes go back to the Space Hero, and he reflects that if it weren't for Nana's knowledge, he honestly wouldn't have known Thirteen was a woman. As it is, she's covered from head to toe in her Pro Hero costume, which LOOKS like a white space suit, but actually constitutes of a puffy jacket, a black identity-concealing helmet, and a pair of yellow boots.

Her voice, meanwhile, is heavily modulated, coming out more robot than masculine or feminine. It would be quite easy to assume that she was in fact a man, but Izuku knew better, funnily enough.

"That's exactly right. Being a Pro Hero is about helping people, first and foremost. Your powers and abilities… your Quirks… they are not MEANT to inflict harm. It is my hope and the hope of those teaching you and guiding you along your paths that you will leave here today with the understanding that you are meant to be a force of good in the world… and that doing good starts with rescuing people, not hurting villains."

It's a damn good speech. Even Izuku finds himself nodding along with the impassioned Space Hero's words. It makes sense that Thirteen would think such things, given her focus on Disaster Relief above all else. She wasn't the kind of Pro Hero that tangled with villains on the regular. She didn't go out of her way to go toe to toe with the worst sorts of reprobates that society had to offer.

No, rather, she struggled against the heavens themselves, against the natural disasters that the world brought against them. It wouldn't be right to say she fought even those natural disasters… more like it was exactly as she described. She helped people. She saved people FROM the harm that nature could cause without any human element behind it.

Her focus on disaster relief meant Thirteen wasn't even in the top one hundred of Pro Hero Rankings, but Izuku still had plenty of respect for her. And it was obvious that her colleagues did as well, from the way Mirko and Nana were letting Thirteen lead the class, and the way she was clearly in charge here at the USJ facility.

Ultimately, Izuku intended to be at the top of the food chain. He was going to be the Number One Pro Hero. His father's sacrifice demanded no less of him. Still, he wouldn't ever forget people like Thirteen, who did their part as well, even if they didn't fight villains.

After a beat in which Thirteen sweeps her helmeted visage back and forth across the students of Class 1-A, she bobs her head in an exaggerated nod, apparently approving of what she saw on their faces.

"Alright then, let's get started. The Trial of Rescue is a randomized lesson. This facility has harsh environments of all sorts for you to show your skills in. However, there is always an element of… chaos to any rescue operation. Sometimes there WILL be villains getting in your way, even if your only goal is to rescue some trapped civilians."

Turning around, Thirteen raises a gloved hand and reveals a remote she's holding. Pressing a button, she unveils a large monitor set into the wall behind her. On it appears… well, there's no other way of describing it. There's a massive wheel, and on that wheel are options, slices of a pie if you will. Each slice is a different size, denoting the percentage chance that it might happen or so Izuku guesses.

Before anyone else can say anything, another hand shoots up and Thirteen calls upon the owner of said hand.

"Yes?"

Tenya Ida shoots to attention, before pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose.

"Ahem! Sir! I notice that one of the options on the board is 'All against One'! Isn't that a little… excessive?!"

Ah, so Izuku wasn't the only one who had looked at the options and immediately gravitated towards the smallest sliver of a slice. Indeed, with less than one percent chance of happening was 'All against One' and Izuku could easily understand what that meant… even if it did sound excessive, like Tenya said. But the Space Hero just shakes her head.

"Excessive? Do you think rescuing people from a tornado would be 'excessive'? Do you think holding back a hurricane so that civilians have an extra hour to evacuate would be excessive?"

Tenya shrinks with each example, rapidly seeing her point. As Thirteen notes this, she sweeps her gaze around to all of them.

"As I said, you can very rarely control the encounters you will have as a Pro Hero. We are an inherently reactive force, responding to the actions of others, or to nature itself. You won't always get the benefit of picking and choosing your battles. So yes, it is possible that today's Trial of Rescue will be… lopsided. Let's find out, shall we?"

Izuku watches as Thirteen pushes another button, and the wheel on the massive monitor begins to spin. He can understand now how Nana might have rigged it for him. His original daydream fantasy of being the single hero tasked with rescuing all of the female students from the male students acting as villains… it wasn't so far off from what could have been, was it?

Hell, what still could be. Though the chances were low. First, it would have to land on that slice of the piece. Then, he would have to be chosen as the 'one' rather than part of the 'all'. Yes, the chances of that happening were slim indeed. And yet… and yet as the wheel begins to slow down, the little ticker at the top gets closer and closer, tantalizingly so, to that one small sliver. All against One. One against All. It would be fitting, wouldn't it? It would be… so very thematic.

Izuku tenses up along with the rest of Class 1-A as he watches the wheel finally grind to a halt, and the ticker inch ever closer to that insane, less than one percent chance option.

… But alas, in the end, it ticks right over it into one of the bigger pieces of the pie… Hero versus Environment. There's a notable slump to the students around Izuku at that. Probably not because any of them WANTED to be the one against everyone else, but more because just seeing a super rare thing happen like that option getting chosen was something the human brain was trained to get excited for.

Instead, well, they'd ended up with one of the more common options on the pie. It was hard not to be a little disappointed, in the end.

Of course, Thirteen doesn't agree. The Space Hero turns to them all with a renewed vigor, and though her true visage is hidden beneath her mask, she exudes pleasure.

"I'm actually glad that it landed on this option. None of you will be playing the part of villain today. Instead, you will all be splitting up into different sized groups and facing off against the harsh environments that USJ has to offer. Some of you WILL have to play the part of civilians in need of being rescued, however. We'll figure out the split now."

There's more randomized options, and Izuku watches as his classmates are all paired off. Probably the most interesting one is Momo and Katsumi, especially given the… somewhat caustic nature of their relationship ever since he'd chosen the former over the latter after that one lesson. There's also some groups bigger than two as well, but ultimately Izuku will confess to only really looking for his name. When it finally comes, he's pleased with what he gets. Him and Ochaco Uraraka are apparently a pair. However, he… has to play the role of civilian.

That's a little frustrating, but then, he had been the one to choose this hadn't he? He'd had the chance to have Nana rig this shit, but he'd let it be random and so here he was. Still, it wasn't the end of the world or anything like that. It did give him an opportunity to get to know Ochaco a bit better.

"H-Hi! You're Izuku Midoriya!"

Blinking in amusement, Izuku slowly nods his head at her.

"And you're Ochaco Uraraka."

His tone causes her to blush, but the smile on Ochaco's face doesn't go away. They're alone at the moment, currently in the Landslide Zone, waiting for Thirteen to make her way over to them and help them get started. As they stand there staring at one another, Izuku takes a moment to go over what he knows of Ochaco.

Her Quirk is an interesting one. Its called Zero Gravity and does exactly what it sounds like, allowing her to nullify gravity for solid objects, be they living or inanimate. Honestly, Izuku was interested to see exactly how she would handle this assignment, given her Quirk SEEMED like it was better suited for restraining evildoers over saving civilians.

But as Thirteen had tried to claim, their Quirks weren't meant for harm, but for helping people. And Ochaco seemed determined if nothing else to shine. That was part of her personality though, as Izuku had learned from his research.

She was very bubble and somewhat of a ditz a lot of the time. She could come across as quite the airhead, and also tended to be incredibly blunt without even realizing it. She was, altogether, a warm and lively young woman. However, she could also be quite serious at times, despite her cheery attitude. Right nowo was one of those times, even though she also seemed to have a thing for him… be it strictly platonic admiration or something else.

Jutting out her chin and inadvertently thrusting her chest out as she puffs herself up, Ochaco grins.

"That I am! Don't worry Izuku, I've got this!"

Before he can say anything else, Thirteen arrives at the Landslide Zone. The Space Hero looks at them both for a long moment, perhaps going over what SHE knows of their Quirks and general ability. Is she also wondering exactly what Ochaco is going to do here with Zero Gravity to 'save' him from a landslide? Well, either way… she apparently decides there's no helping it.

"Uraraka. Midoriya will be your civilian. You are the Pro Hero in charge of saving him. Midoriya, you were out on a morning run when the landslide began, trapping you and cutting you off. Uraraka, it is up to you to figure out how you will reach Midoriya and save him."

"R-Right!"

"Are there any questions?"

"No, I've got this!"

"No ma'am."

He plays it off as a slip of the tongue, but in truth its on purpose. He wants to see Thirteen's reaction more than anything else. Ochaco doesn't even seem to notice, but Thirteen definitely does. Even through her stylized space suit, Izuku sees how the Pro Hero pauses for a moment, staring at him through her mask. He doesn't give anything away, doesn't show any panic… but yes, he knows that much about her.

The moment passes without Ochaco catching on that anything is happening between the Space Hero and her designated civilian.

"… Good. Then get into position."

After being directed towards where his 'position' even is, Izuku does exactly that, settling in to wait for the whole shebang to start. It doesn't take long before the Landslide Zone whirls to life. As Thirteen had said, he soon finds himself cut off and without any visible avenue of escape… if one pretended that he didn't have the number of Quirks he had.

Indeed, the situation would seem quite helpless at a glance, but then that was where Ochaco came in, right?

Izuku stays put, acting the part of the hapless civilian with no hope of escape and in need of rescue. It takes him some time, but eventually he sees Ochaco making her way towards him… or trying to, anyways. It's not going well for her, mostly because she can't use her Quirk on herself to get across the landslide easily. Instead, she's having to be very careful about things.

He wonders, briefly, if he should step in. Thirteen hadn't said anything one way or another about that, and maybe that was on purpose. Technically, civilians weren't supposed to use their Quirks to save the day. There was a whole suite of laws about it. You had to be a Pro Hero in order to do that. But Thirteen had very conspicuously given ZERO instructions to Izuku or any of the other students playing at being helpless civilians, save for where to go and what their 'motivation' for this little roleplay was.

So maybe… maybe he should step in and help Ochaco out. Or maybe, for better or for worse, he should let her pass or fail on her own merits…

-x-X-x-

Also as of now, my first ever original novel Breaking Providence is being released publicly on all of the websites I post to! Please if you have the time at least give it a try for me and let me know what you think, it would mean a lot!
Chapter 31: The USJ Test Pt. 2
Chapter Text

In the end, just because Thirteen hadn't told Izuku he couldn't use his Quirks, didn't mean he should. And on top of that, using his Quirks to subtly help Ochaco would only detract from the young woman's own efforts. For these two reasons, Izuku ultimately decided to sit tight and play the role he'd been given. No Quirk Usage in the form of assistance, neither overt nor subtle. He was a civilian here, not the Pro Hero in Training Izuku Midoriya.

As such, he decides to get into character. Hopping up and down, he begins calling out to Ochaco, waving his hands in the air.

"Hey! Hero! Over here! Help me, please!"

He watches Ochaco jolt, nearly missing a step and getting swept away by a particularly rough part of the landslide. She looks at him with wide eyes, but Izuku doesn't miss a beat, hollering all the louder for her from where he's trapped.

"Please, Hero! Please save me!"

He cheats a little bit here. Not only is he an exceptional actor, but he does use a little bit of his Quirks to really sell it, to make it seem like he's actually afraid for his life. He'd only decided not to use his Quirks to help Ochaco after all, but that didn't mean he couldn't use them to really ham it up. As Ochaco sees real, honest fear seemingly appear on his face, he can see the moment in which she's torn between panic… or determination.

Izuku can also see that it truly is a coin flip for her. She's still young, after all. There's no helping it, not when Ochaco is still so new to this life. They're both still training to be Pro Heroes, but Izuku definitely has a ton more experience than her and most of the rest of their class.

And yet… the coin lands face up. Ochaco does not give into her fear, she does not panic. Instead, determination and resolve crystallize on her face as she grows more focused than ever before, her jaw clenching and her efforts to reach him accelerating. When Izuku sees this, he doesn't keep calling out to her. After all, the civilian version of him would probably quiet down as well, right? More than that, he wanted to reward her show of willpower properly.

It's a few minutes later of being surrounded by rushing rock and earth on all sides, and then Ochaco is on the same bit of semi-stable land with him at long last. Panting heavily, very clearly out of breath, she has to put her hands on her knees for a second as she breathes in and out.

"N-Never… fear… citizen. I'm h-here to help."

Izuku, staying in character, reaches down and grabs her by her shoulders, jerking her upwards so he can look her in the eye.

"How?! What can you do? How are we going to get out of here exactly?"

Ochaco's determined gaze sweeps around at their surroundings… only to vanish as she blanches at the view. The faux landslide has actually gotten worse in the moments since she reached Izuku's side. Likely because Thirteen is controlling things from behind the scenes and decided to ramp things up for the second 'phase' of the Rescue Trial, rather than anything natural.

The results are the same though. The path Ochaco took to get to him initially is entirely unrecognizable at this point, and also unusable. There's no way they're going to be able to get back that way safely. At the same time, with the increase of speed and strength of the landslide, Izuku's little safe spot is no longer safe… they're very much on a time limit now, with their piece of undisturbed land slowly shrinking by the second.

To her credit, Ochaco whips her head around, not in a panic as it might seem at first glance, but because she's very clearly searching for options. And also to her credit… she finds one.

"This way!"

Izuku's eyes widen not entirely in feigned surprise as Ochaco grabs him by the wrist… and drags him right off of his safe perch into a part of the raging landslide. Its not terrible here, and he allows himself to keep his footing. He might have stumbled and feigned being dead weight if he wasn't certain that it would immediately destroy Ochaco's chances and send them both sliding down with the landslide.

He wasn't using his Quirks, sure, but that didn't mean he was going to outright sabotage her either. Instead, he plays the best helpless civilian in need of rescuing that he can, as she drags him through the rock and loose ground beneath their feet, over to a downed tree that's been fully uprooted out of the ground but has caught upon a large rock jutting out of the earth.

For a moment, Izuku assumes Ochaco's plan is for them to just ride out this whole situation on top of the rock. He's not sure Thirteen will let them get away with it, but he's also not in charge here. What Ochaco wants to try, goes.

However, his assumption runs counter to Ochaco's actual actions as the brunette turns to him, a certain glint in her eyes.

"Do you trust me?"

Izuku blinks, before flushing slightly.

"T-That's a really intense look on your face, Ms. Hero…"

Reaching out, Ochaco growls (cutely, he might add) and grabs him by the collar.

"I SAID DO YOU TRUST ME?!"

Over the roaring and rushing of dirt and rock all around them, Izuku just nods frantically, wide-eyed and swallowing thickly. For a moment, Ochaco looks like she might just kiss him from the way she's eyeing his mouth. The adrenaline is clearly getting to her. That, or one too many tv shows or what have you. Either way, in the end she thinks better of it… and touches him with the pads of her fingers.

Izuku immediately begins to float as her Quirk Zero Gravity activates on him. Yelping, he flails around in the air as he starts moving inexorably upwards. That's a problem though, because as far as he knows, Ochaco's Quirk ONLY lets things float up. She can't move them with her mind any further than that, right?

Right… except, Ochaco never intended to move him with her MIND, Izuku belatedly realizes. Reaching down after sending him up into the air, Ochaco grabs the massive uprooted tree with both hands… and uses her Quirk on that too. In a moment, the young woman is doing a very impressive strongman routine as she seemingly lifts the incredibly heavy-LOOKING tree up into the air… and gives him a savage grin.

"Batter Up!"

She strikes him with the tree a moment later. Both he and the tree are weightless, so the impact feels like nothing, barely a feather touch. However, the result is that he goes flying across the air, all the way past the landslide to the free and clear ground beyond it. Its not a nice landing by any means, especially when Ochaco cancels her Quirk on him by tapping her fingertips together… but he is saved, even as he lands hard and rolls a few times to diffuse his impact on the ground.

That said, while Ochaco has managed to save him, she can't exactly save herself. And as Izuku picks himself up, he watches her seem to realize this… and smile, apparently at peace with that fact as she closes her eyes and waits for the landslide to take her.

Obviously, that doesn't happen because this is all a simulation and not a real disaster event. Instead of the landslide sweeping Ochaco away and injuring or even killing her, the whole thing comes to an end, Thirteen turning off the Zone a few moments later.

"Midoriya, Uraraka. To me."

Thirteen's voice comes over the intercoms before the Space Hero hops out of a control booth and begins making her way across the Zone to them. Perking up, both Izuku and Ochaco move to meet her, ending up standing in front of her at the exact same time. For a long moment of silence, Thirteen looks between the two of them. Finally, the Space Hero focuses on Ochaco.

"You saved the civilian, but I think we both know it was at your own expense. You might have survived, but not without injury. In the end, you replaced one helpless civilian in need of saving with another… yourself."

Ochaco flushes at that and ducks her head. Thirteen gives her a second to process those words before asking a question.

"Your use of your Quirk was stellar, don't get me wrong. Midoriya ended up a little worse for wear, but nothing he couldn't walk off clearly. However, your Quirk was obviously a bad match up for this operation, since you can't use it on yourself and therefore can't save yourself. What do you think you should have done differently?"

Silence falls, though Ochaco is very clearly thinking of an answer. As seconds turn into minutes, her eyes dart back and forth, she fiddles with her fingers, and her lips move as she speaks silently to herself. Izuku watches her along with Thirteen, both of them patiently giving the brunette all the time in the world to come up with an answer.

"… I'm sorry, I don't know if there is anything I would have done differently. Yes, I couldn't save myself… but I managed to save Izuku. I consider that a worthwhile trade. Risking ourselves… that's what being a Hero is all about!"

Rather than immediately respond to Ochaco's statement, Thirteen swivels to Izuku.

"And you, Midoriya? What would you have done differently in Uraraka's position?"

Straightening up, Izuku frowns for a moment before answering honestly.

"I would have called for back-up and hoped that someone with a more applicable Quirk could be called onto the scene before the situation got entirely out of control. And then… if no one else could get there in time, and the situation WAS getting out of control… I would have done exactly what Ochaco did. Save the civilian. Even at the expense of myself."

Obviously, its all a thought experiment for Izuku. He's so far beyond being in danger of simple landslides it's not even funny. Hell, HE is the 'someone' that Ochaco should have called as back up if this were a real disaster situation. He was never truly in any danger of the landslide, thanks to his Quirks.

Thirteen slowly nods, looking back and forth between the two of them silently, the space suit themed costume not giving very much away.

"… Very good. You pass, Uraraka. Go and get yourself cleaned up. Midoriya, stay behind for a moment."

Ochaco glances his way, but ultimately trudges off to the showers, having ended up positively covered in dirt as a result of the exercise. Izuku himself is a little dirty, but not nearly as much as she is. Soon enough, its just him and Thirteen alone in the Landslide Zone. Wordlessly, the Space Hero beckons him over to the smaller, more contained control booth.

Once they're safely ensconced inside, Thirteen turns to him.

"Why didn't you help her? Why not use your Quirks?"

Izuku almost doesn't catch it immediately. The s on the end of the word Quirks. Maybe he heard wrong. Maybe it was some sort of mispronunciation. Either way, he's suddenly a little on edge as he answers her as honestly as he can.

"I didn't want to hold her hand. If this were real, then obviously I would have acted differently. If this had all happened for real, I wouldn't have needed saving to begin with. I wanted to let Ochaco succeed or fail on her own merits, or else she'd never learn."

Thirteen nods, humming for a moment.

"… I see. You're going to be the top Pro Hero, but you're not going to be the next All Might, is that it?"

Izuku is even more on edge now, as he resists the urge to clench his hands into fists. Where was this coming from?

"I don't know what you mean."

"Simple, really. You'll be at the top, but rather than it being a tower, you want to make it a pyramid. Is that it? Everyone looked up to All Might. Everyone treated him like he was the only one who could save the day, because more than half of the time, he WAS the one who saved the day. You're different though, aren't you Midoriya? The Pro Hero World you're going to build… it will be different. More responsibility for more people. Stronger foundations."

What was she talking about? Before he can ask for clarification, Thirteen lets out a sigh.

"I suppose there's no point in beating around the bush any further if your father told you all about me already."

Reaching up, the Space Hero unlatches her large helmet and carefully pulls it off her head, revealing young woman with short hair, her cute features poking up just over the rim of the opening of her space suit themed costume. Holding her helmet under one arm, she holds out her other gloved hand for him to shake.

"Anan Kurose at your service. Not sure what all your father might have told you about me, but I'm happy to answer any questions you might have. I'm looking forward to us working together… for a brighter future."

His father? HIS FATHER?! What the fuck, dad! Izuku doesn't let any of it show on his face, but internally he's absolutely reeling. Apparently, All for One hadn't told him everything he needed to know before asking Izuku to kill him. Not if there were literally Pro Heroes like Thirteen on All for One's payroll!

… The thing was, Izuku didn't know how he wanted to play this. Thirteen, or rather, Anan Kurose as she'd now introduced herself, hadn't been something that he and his dad talked about at all. Izuku only knew Thirteen was even female because Nana had told him so earlier this morning!

Obviously, Anan had taken Izuku's earlier probing use of the term 'ma'am' as some sort of indication that he knew about her and his father's mysterious relationship. The fact was, Izuku knew nothing of any arrangement that she and his father had going on.

But did he want HER to know that? He could come clean, admit that he knew nothing save for her gender, and have them start from the top.

… Or he could play it cool, use his Quirks to continue maintaining the calm and collected façade he had on right now, and find out what she knew while keeping the ruse in place.

Either way, he had to decide soon. She was still holding her hand out expectantly to him, and though it'd only been half a second, too much longer and she'd begin to get suspicious either way.

-x-X-x-

Also as of now, my first ever original novel Breaking Providence is being released publicly on all of the websites I post to! Please if you have the time at least give it a try for me and let me know what you think, it would mean a lot!
Chapter 32: The USJ Test Pt. 3
Chapter Text

The first thing Izuku does is shake Anan's offered hand. The Space-Themed Pro Hero deserves that much at least. At the same time however, he can't bring himself to lie to her. For one, she seems on the up and up and the brighter future bit… well, that was precisely what he wanted too. So trying to build their relationship on a foundation of lies just seemed like a bad idea, even if that was what he'd done with several other people since his father's death.

Swallowing past the lump in his throat, Izuku prepares to admit that he doesn't have a clue what Anan is talking about… only to pause as a sudden thought strikes him. What if… what if she thinks his father is All Might or something? It sounds ridiculous, but so far it feels like Anan has ended up exposing herself to him because of a misunderstanding. Izuku would be utterly foolish to do the same mere moments later.

He needed to tread carefully here, and so he does, allowing his confusion to finally bleed through into a slightly baffled smile as the handshake comes to an end.

"Ah… my father?"

Surprise blossoms upon Anan's pretty face, her eyes widening slightly as she looks taken aback by his reaction. Slowly, she looks around for a moment before leaning in closer.

"Yes, Izuku. Your father, All for One. You don't need to worry. This place is under my control. No one is listening in."

There it was. Confirmation that the father she was talking about was his actual father. And that meant… that meant All for One had subverted a Pro Hero. As soon as the thought enters Izuku's mind, he wants to smack himself upside the back of the head. Of course his dad had subverted a Pro Hero. He'd probably subverted tons. In fact, Izuku knew about at least one in the form of Nana Shimura.

Still, it seemed that his father's plans were far reaching even after All for One's demise. The only irritating thing was that he hadn't shared them all with Izuku. One final test, the young man figured. One final test in which he needed to prove himself worthy of his father's legacy. Damn you old man… but fine. He'd do it.

However, he would do it HIS way. Izuku could easily imagine All for One's advice in a situation like this. Fake it until you've made it. Lying to Anan Kurose would have been his father's strategy without even one moment of hesitation. But Izuku was not his father. That was the point of all of this. That was why All for One had passed the torch. Because Izuku was going to be different. He was going to be better.

Giving Anan a nod to make it clear he understood what she was saying, Izuku then shakes his head.

"My father didn't tell me about you at all, I'm afraid. But that doesn't mean we don't share the same goal. And I'll admit… I DO have questions now."

Anan's mouth opens and closes for a few moments before she looks down at the helmet she'd removed. Suddenly, the Space Hero looks a lot less confident then she did mere moments ago.

"… B-But then how did you know my identity?!"

Izuku just shrugs, feeling rather sheepish now. His little ploy earlier, mentioning her gender off the cuff by calling her ma'am… it had worked a little too well, hadn't it? But then to be fair, it wasn't like he knew the mine he was stepping on when doing so.

"I didn't. I learned your gender earlier today from someone else and that was it…"

Part of him thought he should maybe apologize, but he wasn't sure if it would really land right. It felt… off to try and apologize here and now.

Anan certainly isn't demanding it of him. Instead she looks pale now, her eyes glazed over as she contemplates her slip up. Before Izuku can think of what else to say, she suddenly takes her helmet and slams it back down over her head, clicking it in place. As her voice becomes modulated once more, she clears her throat loudly.

"Ahem. I don't suppose we can just forget all of that then, maybe?"

Izuku nearly sweat drops at that. In the end, he settles for slowly shaking his head.

"Uh, no ma'am… I don't think we can."

As Thirteen visibly droops, Izuku tries to make it better as best he can.

"But it's okay! Like I said, we share the same goal! You and I can still work together. I may not know what sort of deal you and my father made… but I do want to know. And I want us to make that brighter future a reality, together."

This time it's Izuku who holds out his hand as a peace offering, looking into the eyes of Thirteen's helmet as he does so. The Pro Hero hesitates for a long moment, clearly feeling indecisive and insecure after her fuck up. But in the end, she nods and takes his hand, giving it a firm shake.

From there… they talk.

-x-X-x-

It's about an hour later that Izuku makes his way to the USJ Facility's showers. As it turned out, Thirteen didn't actually need to be present to 'supervise' all of the different Trials going on that day. She'd specifically chosen Izuku and Ochaco's Trial to supervise so she would have the opportunity to chat with him afterwards.

Well, they'd certainly chatted, even if the Space Hero was very stilted for most of the conversation. Their initial bad first impression aside, things had mostly worked out, or so Izuku felt. It helped that they both DID want the same exact thing, in the end.

A Brighter Future. That was how All for One had subverted the Space Hero Thirteen. Not through money, not through blackmail… but simply by promising her something better. As far as Thirteen was concerned, things couldn't get much worse.

It had taken a little bit for Izuku to coax it out of her, but Thirteen was… disillusioned with the modern world and the state of Pro Heroics as a whole within it. Namely, she felt like people like All Might had proven to be a bad influence on the average Pro Hero. All Might himself might have been a good, decent man who worked incredibly hard to save people in all sorts of dire situations, but that was in fact the problem.

All Might was the problem, as far as Thirteen was concerned. He was too good. He was too heroic. He wasn't just a Pillar of Society; he was the entire fucking foundation at this point. Once Izuku got Thirteen going, she was all too happy to rant about her opinions on the subject. Namely that, the more All Might succeeded, the less most of the other Pro Heroes bothered to try.

And on top of that, those that DID try were incentivized by the shitty ranking system to focus their efforts on taking down villains and other assorted criminals, because the ranking system apparently favored those sorts of heroics over rescue operations and fighting natural disasters.

It was easy to see how his father had managed to get Anan on board now, truth be told. The system was corrupt. It was rotten underneath its sterling surface. And Anan was sick and tired of it. As such, when All for One had made her his offer, she'd ultimately been too tempted to deny him. And now here they were. Izuku as All for One's Successor… and Thirteen as a Pro Hero eager to help him do whatever he had to do to secure the Brighter Future she was promised.

Truth be told, Izuku didn't know exactly what he would actually do with Thirteen quite yet. He could tell that his honesty had created something of a distance between the two of them that still needed to be bridged going forward. Izuku didn't regret his decision to be clear, but he also didn't doubt that he would have gotten a lot further with Anan in multiple different ways if he'd simply played along with her and made her think he knew what was going on.

That was fine though. That was what his father would have done, and sure maybe it would have been more efficient, but that wouldn't have made it right. Izuku was endeavoring to be different from his father. To not make the same mistakes All for One had.

That was all for future Izuku to figure out anyways though. Right now, he was feeling pretty rank, having been stuck in that small control room with Thirteen hashing things out for an hour straight after being the helpless civilian in the Landslide Rescue Scenario.

With over sixty minutes having gone by, the showers are empty when Izuku enters them. Everyone else's simulations have already ended and they've all been released for the day. Izuku is probably the only member of Class 1-A left in the building, or so he assumed.

Turning on the hot water, stepping under it, he begins to wash himself up as he thinks about what happened. There was that moment with Ochaco when it looked like she might kiss him. And then there was everything with Thirteen.

It was all a bit much, but at the same time, it was also precisely what Izuku had signed up for, now wasn't it? He had wanted this. He had decided he was going to be the very best, that he was going to change Hero Society from the inside. His father's way hadn't borne fruit for over a hundred years. Now it was Izuku's time to give things a try.

But the conversation with Thirteen had nevertheless been very illuminating. It was exactly like she said. He needed to make sure that while he definitely stood at the top of the pyramid when all was said and done, he didn't become another All Might. He couldn't just be the entire foundation of society. He refused to let other so-called Pro Heroes sit on their hands or twiddle their thumbs while he did all the work.

An eye-opening experience, to say the least. It was all-

Izuku jolts as he feels someone enter the showers and begin to approach him. After that incident with Yor Yaoyorozu, Izuku had started keeping his defenses raised and his extra-sensory Quirks sort of always active to avoid being ambushed like that ever again. His hackles raise and he frowns, even as he focuses on what his Quirks are telling him. This allows him to quickly identify who's coming, and he relaxes somewhat as he sees who it is.

Still, he's a little surprised as they end up standing right behind him, waiting for him to turn around. Doing so, Izuku's gaze sweeps up and down the naked body of Ochaco Uraraka as the brunette blushes down to her cute, perky chest. She stands there in nothing but her birthday suit, wiggling a little bit under his gaze, before finally giving in to temptation and dipping her eyes downwards below his waist.

Izuku is surprised by the ferocious determination that suddenly appears on Ochaco's face when she finally lays eyes on his cock. Said cock, which is already starting to rise slightly all on its own in the face of Ochaco's… perkiness. She's certainly a cutie by any stretch of the imagination. A beautiful young woman even, and one that… heh, technically saved him earlier today. Even if it was all a simulation, she'd gone ahead and sacrificed herself for him.

Grinning crookedly, Izuku tilts his head to the side.

"Come to receive a reward for your heroics, Hero?"

Ochaco stiffens at that, before biting her lower lip and rapidly nodding.

"U-Um… y-yes. I-If that's alright?"

Izuku just shrugs and gestures for her to go ahead. Something that the brunette is QUICK to take him up on. In an instant, Ochaco has stepped into the shower with him and is pressing up against him with her body. At the same time, her hands go down between them, grabbing at his cock. She's very clearly a virgin who has never likely even seen a dick before, let alone touched once. Izuku grunts as she goes a little too hard a little too fast, but at hearing that Ochaco stops and slows down, quick to adapt to his responses.

He makes sure to groan his appreciation as she finds a more tolerable pace, something that he can tell excites her. She strokes his member up and down inexpertly, but Izuku is happy to let her. It's kind of nice to be able to turn his brain off for a bit and just… enjoy a sexual liaison in the showers. Part of him wonders if it might have been him and Anan in here if he'd lied to her… but there was no point in wasting time thinking about 'what ifs', now was there?

Biting her lower lip, her hair now slicked back as the shower water cascades over the both of them, Ochaco constantly alternates between looking up at him and looking down at his cock.

"I did… I did good today, didn't I? I saved you. I saved you…"

He was the one who started it, he supposed. But he was beginning to get the impression that Ochaco was here for reaffirmation of her choices as much as she was here for sex. And to be fair, Izuku agreed with her. In a vacuum, you couldn't always do what Thirteen had suggested. Waiting for back up might have been the best course of action, but in this case Ochaco didn't have back up. What was she supposed to do, let him die?

… It would have been interested if she'd tried to call in Thirteen for help, he supposed. Interesting to see if the Space Hero actually responded to the call and assisted Ochaco like her advice made it seem like she would have. But that wasn't what had happened, and Izuku truly did feel like Ochaco had done the best she could.

"Yes… you saved me."

His hands come up and run along her shoulders and arms as Izuku presses his forehead into Ochaco's. For a moment she goes still at his touch, but then she tilts her head back and leans up on her tip toes to kiss him. Izuku can't help smiling a little bit at the brunette's go-getter attitude. He can appreciate a woman who knows what she wants and goes for it.

That said, Ochaco was clearly inexperienced in all of this. So maybe it would be best if he took the lead here. On the other hand, he hadn't taken the lead back in the simulation. Perhaps it would be wrong to do so here and now after giving Ochaco her agency there…

-x-X-x-

Also as of now, my first ever original novel Breaking Providence is being released publicly on all of the websites I post to! Please if you have the time at least give it a try for me and let me know what you think, it would mean a lot!
Chapter 33: Ochaco Uraraka
Chapter Text

… Better that Ochaco get at least a glimpse of who he really was now, rather than being misled. At least, that's the excuse Izuku gives as he grabs Ochaco by her wrists and pulls her hands free of his erection, lifting them up between their bodies.

"Or rather… you saved that civilian."

Ochaco freezes, staring up at him in confusion, her hair still slicked back by the hot water washing over them both. Giving her a crooked grin, Izuku spins the brunette around, dragging her arms back behind her body. Holding her wrists in one hand, he wraps the other hand around and gropes one of her breasts as he pulls her to his chest.

"You're a big damn hero, aren't you?"

Squirming for a moment before collapsing back against him, Ochaco pants noisily, his toying with her tits leaving her trembling in his grasp.

"Y-Yus… yessss…"

Izuku has already decided how he wants to play this… it's just a matter of finding out whether Ochaco will play along or not.

"You saved that young man… at the expense of yourself. But then, how are you here now? How did you survive? Who… pulled you from the landslide?"

Sliding his fingers along her breast, Izuku pinches Ochaco's nipple between his digits, drawing a whimper from her lips. Slowly, she begins to catch on.

"Y-You did?"

Grinning, Izuku chuckles as he continues to construct a roleplay scenario with the wiggling, writhing brunette. His mouth is right next to her ear, and that too seems to be driving Ochaco wild as he toys with her.

"That's right. But I'm no hero like you. I expect a reward. Saved you from the landslide, got you all cleaned up… and now I'm going to get you dirty. My own hero, to defile and get nice and filthy. How does that sound, hm?"

It's perhaps a bit of a stretch, but after the conversation he'd had with Thirteen, Izuku wanted to indulge. More than that, he thought that Ochaco might be… open to such ideas. She's certainly not struggling to get away from him right now. Though she is trembling as though she's freezing, despite the hot water still cascading down both their bodies.

"I-it sounds… it sounds like I don't have m-much of a choice…"

The words come out in pants, even as Izuku lets out a half-growl, half-purr into her ear that makes her shiver. Then, he slides his hand down from her breast to between her legs, enjoying the way Ochaco squeaks as he slides two fingers up inside of her and spreads them apart experimentally. While the shower water makes it difficult to tell just how wet she is on the outside… on the inside, he can feel how slippery her inner walls have become.

More than that, her pussy clenches and squeezes down around his digits, undeniable evidence of how turned on she is. For all that they're playing a little game right now, Ochaco wants this. She wants this so, so badly.

Spinning them both around, Izuku lets go of the brunette's wrists at the same time that he yanks his fingers out of her cunt. The result is Ochaco stumbling forward a step, her hands coming up to slap against the wall of the shower stall. Before she can slip and slide on the wet floor however, Izuku is behind her, grasping her by her hips and steadying her as she finds balance in her bent over state.

Looking back over her shoulder, Ochaco's eyes are wide as she looks down at where they're about to be joined. Izuku pauses and tilts his head at her, smiling curiously and waiting to see what she might say.

"… Y-You might not think you're a hero… but you saved me all the same. S-So… I'm all yours~"

He raises his eyebrow at that, before nodding in quiet acceptance of Ochaco's minor twist to their little roleplay. She doesn't mind him taking charge, but she apparently doesn't want him playing a total villain. So she's upping the ante by giving him 'permission' right before they begin, heh. Well then, Izuku can work with that.

His grip on her hips tightens up, the only warning Ochaco gets before he slams home into her pussy. A loud, lewd cry leaves the brunette's lips, and she shudders as he fills her with his cock. Her virginity is his, Izuku idly notes, though all of the foreplay along with the shower water has made things wet enough to diminish Ochaco's discomfort considerably.

Still, he does wait for a beat, letting her adjust to his size and get used to being so full before he continues on. His member throbs inside of her as her incredibly tight, wet pussy walls flex and clench and massage his entire length. It's actually quite hard not to move at first… but he's a gentleman if nothing else.

Still, once Ochaco's breathing begins to level out, Izuku stops staying still. Before she can say or do anything, he pulls back halfway… and then thrusts in again. A squeak is expelled from the gorgeous young woman's lips, and she shudders as he fills her again and again. Fucking her like this is quite the treat. Her body glistens and gleams with the water pouring over it, and her hands claw at the shower wall.

Meanwhile, her pert little behind is fun to smash into as he picks up the pace, clapping her cheeks harder and faster by the moment while continuing to hold her steady. Her moans fill the air, though the hot shower drowns them out a fair bit. The situation is perfect, but Izuku has learned not to let himself get too caught up in what's going on right in front of him. He's been blindsided a couple of times lately, despite all of his advantages.

And so, even as he fucks Ochaco from behind, bent over and pressed up against the shower wall, Izuku does an active scan with his extra-sensory Quirks. Good thing he does too, because Ochaco's presence and the ensuing fun they'd had together had damn near made him miss the other person now peeping on them.

Izuku's eyes widen, and he very nearly stops fucking the brunette in front of him as he registers the third individual in the area. Only when he realizes that they're stationary does he keep himself moving. Fucking into Ochaco with powerful, deep thrusts, he nevertheless splits his attention… and quickly identifies their peeper as none other than Momo Yaoyorozu herself.

The Class Rep is watching them go at it from a good distance away, using a strangely shaped spyglass that she must have produced with her Quirk to peer around a corner at them. Momo herself is pressed up against the wall so that she's completely out of sight, only the glint of the spyglass letting Izuku pinpoint her exact location out of his vision's periphery.

He doesn't actually look over, of course. She would know immediately that he was looking right at her. Instead, he reaches out and grabs Ochaco by the hair, pulling her head back and continuing to pound her silly as he considers this latest development.

Momo was… a special case. Out of all of the girls he'd gotten with so far, Momo was the one that it could be argued he was the most dishonest with. In an uncharitable light, one might even say he'd been leading her on. They hadn't called each other boyfriend and girlfriend or anything like that, but he also hadn't really established their relationship as anything else.

And yet, she's not angrily rushing in to confront them as she would if she felt he was cheating on her. Nor had she run away in a huff. In fact, as Izuku continuing fucking Ochaco from behind, he senses through his quirks that Momo… is touching herself. While one hand is holding up the strangely shaped spyglass, her other is between her legs and she appears to be fingering herself as she spies on the two of them.

Is the heiress seriously getting off to all of this? Should he do something? Izuku considers the situation for a moment before ultimately deciding to let it lie. He's not going to stop fucking Ochaco just to confront Momo in this spot. That wouldn't really be fair to Ochaco, after all. Right now was supposed to be about her, not about Momo.

Pulling Ochaco back further by her hair, Izuku drags her away from the shower wall and once more presses her back into his chest. This time however, his cock is slamming up into her from below and Ochaco herself doesn't have anywhere to put her hands. She ultimately ends up reaching back and clinging to him for dear life, moaning up a storm as she's pushed up onto her tip toes by his thrusts.

Her cunt clenches and squeezes quite rapidly around his dick, and Izuku grunts as he feels her cumming for him, orgasming all along his shaft. Knowing that Momo is watching and masturbating to the sight of them going at it isn't as much of a turn off as he might have first thought… in fact, it's quite arousing to have her peeping on them.

His cock throbs and his balls churn as he gets closer and closer to blowing his load. With a growl, Izuku slips back into the 'character' he's playing right now and abruptly pulls Ochaco off of his cock. He's careful not to hurt her, but he nevertheless uses his grip on her hair to spin her around and force her down to her knees.

She gasps, her hands grabbing onto his legs for support as he slaps his engorged dick across her face. To her credit, Ochaco's mouth immediately opens, her eyes closed due to the water cascading down both of their bodies even now. Her tongue lolls out and slides along his shaft as he pulls back until the tip of his dick finally lines up with her lips. As he pushes in, she spreads her lips wide for him, stretching her jaw at the same time.

Izuku doesn't push his luck, however. He only fits the first couple inches of his cock in Ochaco's mouth, letting her tongue do the heavy lifting as it swirls around his tip and then pushes against his glans. He groans and a moment later begins to cum, filling Ochaco's mouth with his seed. Much to his surprise, she doesn't even hesitate to start swallowing as he ejaculates in her mouth. Despite being an inexperienced virgin, Ochaco seems quite excited, eager even, to take his load.

When he's finally done, Izuku lets go of her hair and watches as she pulls back out of the shower spray. Her eyes finally open, her slick soaked hair plastered to the sides of her head and framing her face beautifully as she looks up at him and lolls out her tongue, showing off the last bit of his cum before she rolls it back in and swallows that too.

Izuku grins down at her and gives her an appreciative nod, before checking on Momo again. Unfortunately, by that point she's gone. Hm, that's too bad. He would have liked to confront her and have a talk after Ochaco had left, but it seemed it would have to wait. Maybe… maybe it was better to let her come to him.

… Yes, that was what he would do. If Momo wasn't upset, then he didn't really see a reason to embarrass her by letting her know that he knew she'd been watching. If she wanted to talk about it, she would let him know… right?

-x-X-x-

Momo Yaoyorozu didn't quite know what was wrong with her. As she sits in the back of the family car driving her home, her heart is racing and its taking everything in her power not to go back to touching herself. After all… her previous orgasm had been ruined by the message coming in that said the car was waiting for her outside.

She would have stayed until the end otherwise. She could tell Izuku was getting close, but unfortunately she hadn't gotten to see the grand finale. But then… why did she want to see such a thing in the first place? Weren't they… wasn't he… but no…

The young woman was beginning to realize that she and Izuku Midoriya had never put a label on anything they'd done together. It had all happened so suddenly, really. The interaction at their Recommendation Exam had been out of nowhere, but not at all unappreciated. Even still, Izuku hadn't declared her his girlfriend then or anything.

And then… he'd taken her virginity from her on her bed in her bedroom, located in her own house. And still they hadn't called themselves boyfriend and girlfriend. Now… now she caught him fucking another girl. Momo should have been mad. She should have been furious, right?

But instead, it was a turn on. She'd been shocked at first, but quickly realized she was aroused. Watching Izuku with Ochaco was… it was really hot. He'd taken control and pushed Ochaco against the shower wall, fucking her from behind like she was… like she was his bitch. He'd completely made her cunt his property.

Fuuuck, what the hell was this?! Momo might have been new to sex, but she understood how it worked! Or at least, she thought she did. Now she wasn't so sure. Sex was between a guy and girl who liked each other, right? Well, she liked Izuku. And she thought Izuku liked her. But then… where did her sudden desire to watch him fuck other girls come into that? What part of sex was covered by her arousal at watching him take a fellow student like Ochaco to pound town?

Mouth dry, hands clawing at the seat beneath her, Momo whimpers as she tries to process her feelings. She wanted… she wanted more. More of Izuku Midoriya, at the very least. But did she want to be his girlfriend? Did she want him to fuck her more? Or did she want to see him fuck other girls even more than that?

And most importantly of all, did she tell him any of this? She could… she could keep it a secret. She wasn't seen, she was pretty sure. Izuku had no idea she'd spied on him and Ochaco. So, if she wanted to, she could… continue to spy on him and other girls and he would be none the wiser. It was so hot too, being hidden. Almost as hot as getting to watch was.

But was that fair to Izuku? Should she be honest with him instead?

With a whimpering moan, grateful that the divider between the back of the car and the front is currently up, Momo puts her head in her hands. She honestly didn't know what to do.

What a conundrum…

-x-X-x-

Also as of now, my first ever original novel Breaking Providence is being released publicly on all of the websites I post to! Please if you have the time at least give it a try for me and let me know what you think, it would mean a lot!
Chapter 34: Class Time
Chapter Text

"Glughk! Glughk! Glughk!"

… He'd expected one of two outcomes when he decided to leave things in Momo's hands. One, she would confront him as soon as humanly possible and he would have a chance to explain. Now, whether that would actually pan out or not would be up to her. Izuku had no intentions of restricting himself to one woman. He'd made no promises to Momo, no declarations of romantic fidelity. They hadn't called each other boyfriend and girlfriend or anything like that.

In terms of getting married one day, Momo WAS on the shortlist for candidates. But only if she proved amicable to the idea of sharing him with plenty of other women. In a way, her catching him with Ochaco was a godsend. He would find out one way or another how she felt about it… or so he'd figured.

The other outcome he'd considered a likelihood was that Momo would back off completely. That she wouldn't confront him but would instead begin avoiding him. That didn't seem in character for the brash heiress, but Izuku wouldn't have put it past her. After all, Momo was still new to sexual relationships like theirs, and she was just a young woman regardless of her maturity in other arenas.

… But neither of those things had happened. Glancing down at his crotch, Izuku makes eye contact with Momo Yaoyorozu as the Student Representative of Class 1-A greedily and enthusiastically sucks his cock for all she's worth. Standing there in one of U.A.'s unused classrooms, dragged here by Momo the moment he stepped foot on campus this morning, Izuku isn't sure what to think. He's certainly enjoying her technique… but what exactly is this?

Is she trying to strike a middle ground of sorts? He knows she was peeping on him and Ochaco. But she doesn't know he knows. He had intended to let her say something, but instead of confronting him over it, she seemed to be more eager than ever to engage in sexual relations with him. And yet, somehow Izuku didn't get the impression that Momo was trying to… lock him down or anything like that.

At first glance, that might have been the assumption. That she was attempting to show him he didn't need any other woman save for herself via action rather than words. It wasn't the case, but it might have been an understandable reaction to what she'd witnessed if she truly felt like she was in love with him. Yet, that wasn't the vibe Izuku was getting.

It wasn't as… desperate as it would have needed to be for that to be the case. Momo was certainly enthusiastic, but she wasn't afraid of losing him. She was, if anything, more excited than the last time they'd been together. And that was after witnessing him with another woman. Was it possible Momo was… that kind of woman?

"Gagkh! Gagkh! Gagkh!"

Figuring that out would have to wait for later, because the final bell would be ringing soon and Momo was well aware of that. Her efforts redouble as she does her best to get him off before that bell rings and Izuku isn't nearly cruel enough to deny her such a victory. With a grunt, he finally cums and Momo hastily swallows every last drop, guzzling down his jizz like her life depends on it. It's a far cry from the innocent virginal heiress he'd deflowered just a little while ago. Honestly… he's a bad influence on her, isn't he? But then, just him alone shouldn't have made Momo like this so fast…

Pulling back off of his cock with a pop, Momo wastes no time in tucking him back away into his boxers and fixing up his pants and belt. Then, she gives him a smile as her tongue slips out to catch a trickle of his cum.

Izuku just raises an eyebrow and shakes his head, continuing to play dumb.

"What was that all about, Momo?"

The Class Rep just hops up to her feet and shakes her head right back. This was her chance to confront him if she so chose, but instead she gives him a mysterious sort of smile.

"Oh… no reason. Let's get to class now, shall we?"

He's half-tempted to do the confronting now, but whatever game Momo is playing… he refuses to lose. And so Izuku just nods and lets her lead him out of the abandoned classroom as they make their way to Class 1-A with just a couple minutes to spare. He almost expects their arrival at class to be Momo's big plan, having them enter together and making it apparent that they're a couple.

But no, that doesn't happen either. As they enter the hallway leading to class, Momo seems to jolt, as if just realizing how it will look. Before Izuku can even say anything, she picks up the pace and enters the classroom well ahead of him, leaving him to enter alone. Honestly, he doesn't quite know what's up with the beautiful young heiress… and that sort of makes it all the more exciting.

At least it doesn't seem like he's hurt her in any way, so he doesn't have to start looking over his shoulder for Yor Yaoyorozu just yet. Though that did remind him that he needed to get back together with Tomura sometime soon to find out what his 'big brother' had found out about Momo's older sister.

For now… well, it was time for class, wasn't it? So he should focus on that.

-x-X-x-

As Momo takes her seat, she's damn near vibrating with excitement. Her belly feels warm, filled with Izuku's cum.

She'd gone home last night and stayed up very late doing… research. It turned out the internet had a name for the things Momo was feeling. Momo had a fetish. One she hadn't fully understood, but luckily the internet was more than willing to spell it out for her. It would seem, though she still had to confirm it, that Momo… was into Netorase. Or maybe not.

She definitely liked spying on others while they had sex. That was called Voyeurism. However, upon further exploring her feelings, Momo couldn't help but feel like a larger part of the pleasure she'd gotten from watching Izuku and Ochaco engage in sexual relations was from WHO it was, rather than just what SHE was doing. Izuku specifically fucking other girls… just did it for her, Momo believed.

She'd done extensive testing on this, with her sheets being VERY messy by this morning. Just envisioning watching faceless people going at it while they didn't know she was there WAS arousing… but not as arousing as imagining Izuku fucking another girl while he didn't know she was there. Although, Momo wasn't sure the unaware component was necessary either. Just envisioning Izuku fucking another girl while she watched was enough to make her absurdly wet.

However, in her internet research she'd found another form of this. Sometimes the woman HELPED the man fuck another girl. It was a two-pronged assault sort of thing, and Momo found that she enjoyed THAT just as much as the concept of Netorase. Dominating another girl with Izuku… that would be pretty hot, wouldn't it? So maybe she wasn't into Netorase. Maybe she was into that instead. Or maybe she was even into both!

Hence… the verdict being a little unclear. Nevertheless, she liked it when her man, or rather the guy she liked, had sex with other girls. Momo's research had unveiled that this made her rather unnatural. It was a niche fetish that most people looked down upon. It was commonly tied in with humiliation and masochism, but Momo wasn't sure she even enjoyed those sorts of things. Or if she did, did she enjoy being humiliated, or did she like the idea of humiliating and degrading the girls Izuku was fucking instead of her?

She wouldn't know unless she told Izuku that she'd caught him and Ochaco going at it. She wouldn't know unless she asked him to let her watch him fuck other girls. But Momo was afraid. She wasn't sure she could go through with it. So instead… she'd said nothing. At the same time, she couldn't just let things be! She wanted… she didn't know exactly what she wanted from HER relationship with Izuku. But she did want to make sure he knew how much she cared about him.

Hence the Good Morning Blowjob. Ill-advised? Perhaps, especially since it saw them both nearly arriving to class late. But in the end, Momo couldn't bring herself to regret it. She couldn't bring herself to regret any of it. Really, she-

"Mr. Midoriya. I can tell that something is distracting you. You can tell me all about it later in detention!"

Momo jolts out of her introspection, eyes widening as her head whips up and then around. Their teacher, Mirko, didn't tend to hand out many detentions. But then to be fair, she was sort of a certified badass, so even people like that bitch Bakugou tended to listen when Mirko spoke. In this instant however, Momo had gotten caught up in her own thoughts. She was setting a bad example for the rest of Class 1-A.

However, instead of Momo getting called out… it was Izuku. There's some shuffling as the entire class looks between Mirko and Izuku. The young man looks undeniably surprised for a moment before something flashes across his face and he gives a simple nod.

"Yes ma'am."

The anticipation that had been building in the class immediately fizzles out at that. It felt like everyone was expecting some sort of confrontation. They were expecting Izuku to argue with their teacher on the validity of his detention. Him just accepting it was effectively an admission of guilt, and thus rather boring to the rest of the class. Everyone faces forward again at that… save for Momo herself.

After all, wasn't this her fault? Izuku was probably distracted thinking about the blowjob she'd decided to impulsively give him! He might not be willing to defend himself, but Momo should at least step in and… and say something, maybe! The only problem was, Momo didn't know what the fuck she was supposed to say in this situation. Before she can formulate the words, she catches it. Just a glimpse.

She's pretty sure no one else sees it, because everyone else has turned back around, but there's a moment where Izuku and Mirko's eyes linger on each other. A moment where Izuku's face goes from vaguely chastised to an amused smirk, and Mirko's gaze stops being so accusatory and becomes a little… embarrassed.

It's only a moment. And under normal circumstances, Momo probably would have just written it all off as a trick of the light. It almost certainly didn't mean anything… right? Except Momo had spent all night long on the internet doing 'research'. She was seeing things she'd never seen before. And maybe she was making a mountain out of a mole hill, but it certainly seemed like Izuku Midoriya and Mirko the Rabbit Hero… might have a thing.

… She was probably wrong. Probably dead wrong, even. But Momo's breath catches in her throat all the same, and in the end she doesn't try to speak up in Izuku's defense. He doesn't seem at all upset about getting detention. So maybe… well, maybe it wasn't detention at all. Momo would be sure to find out… because she was going to stick around and spy on Izuku and their teacher after class later today…

The very thought of Izuku and Mirko together has Momo rubbing her thighs surreptitiously under her desk. The Class Rep tries to keep her blush to a minimum, but it's hard. Oh heavens… she's becoming such a l-lewd young lady…

-x-X-x-

Momo was spying on him again.

S-SMACK!

"Sheesh, you really called me out like that, didn't you Rumi?"

"Mm, s-sorry sir~"

Izuku just shakes his head as he bends the Rabbit Hero over her desk, fucking his teacher hard and fast from behind. All the while, Momo is watching them fuck from an air vent of all things. How she'd managed to fit into there, and why she hadn't chosen to spy from the window or something, Izuku couldn't say. But, well, he wasn't going to be the one to mention her presence. He'd already decided he wouldn't.

At the same time… reaching forward, Izuku slides one hand around under Mirko's jaw and pulls her head back, forcing her spine to arch as he continues to pound her all the harder. Leaning in close, he nibbles at her massive rabbit ears, prompting her to squeal and cum for him. It's in the aftermath of this orgasm however, that she murmurs under her breath to him.

"… you know our straight-laced Class Rep is spying on us from the vent, r-right?"

Izuku just chuckles and nods, his chin coming up to press into Mirko's scalp as he does so, giving her his affirmative answer. Letting out a shuddering moan, the Rabbit Hero doesn't say anything more about it. She probably assumes he's playing some sort of game, and of course given their relationship dynamic, she's not going to question him on that.

The funny thing is, Izuku isn't the one playing games here. Momo is. He doesn't quite know WHAT the Yaoyorozu Heiress is up to just yet, but he's curious to find out how things escalate with her. He's more than happy to leave it all in her hands, and let Momo make her own choices.

Admittedly, he had been distracted earlier in class when Mirko had decided on a whim to give him a detention. He'd not quite been daydreaming, but he had been thinking about Momo Yaoyorozu and what to do with her. Mirko had taken advantage of that fact to get him alone with her after class for a 'detention'. A detention that had rapidly devolved into him fucking her over her desk.

With a sigh, Izuku finally speaks, even as he continues to fuck Mirko from behind.

"You can't do that going forward. Giving me detention so I fuck you… my classmates will start to suspect something is up."

He could just imagine it. Momo spying from the air vent. Ochaco spying from the door. Even Katsumi and Shouko Todoroki might start to suspect it was a cover for some extra training or something, resulting in both young women peeking through the windows of the classroom from different spots hidden in the brush just outside.

It wasn't that bad yet, but they already had one of his classmates peeping on him, and if Izuku didn't already know Momo was getting off on watching this from the arousal he smelt coming off of her, he would be worried she was trying to build a case against him or even Mirko. She WAS the Class Rep after all. She was supposed to be the responsible one. They were lucky she had turned out to be a nasty little pervert, but that didn't mean they'd get lucky forever.

Fucking Rumi hard and fast from behind, Izuku waits a beat for her response. When he doesn't immediately get it, the gorgeous dark-skinned bunny too busy moaning up a storm, he lets out a growl and winds back his hand, spanking her ass yet again.

S-SMACK!

"Eep! Y-Yes… sir… nngh, s-sorry sir… t-though… I hope you don't mind t-that I invited… c-company."

Izuku blinks at that. Just as Rumi is speaking, he feels a presence rapidly approaching the door to the classroom from just down the hall. He immediately pulls out of Rumi and with the use of his Quirks he's able to fix up both her AND his clothing before their 'guest' can enter. Only then does Izuku focus enough to figure out who he's dealing with. His lips thin out as he registers who it is just before the door opens and they step inside.

-x-X-x-

Also as of now, my first ever original novel Breaking Providence is being released publicly on all of the websites I post to! Please if you have the time at least give it a try for me and let me know what you think, it would mean a lot!
Chapter 35: Ryukyu the Dragoon Hero
Chapter Text

The Dragoon Hero, Ryukyu, steps into the classroom, freezing for a moment at the sight before her, only to hastily close and lock the door behind her. Truth be told, Izuku hasn't had much cause to interact with Ryukyu yet so far this school year. See, UA has two Heroics Classes. Class 1-A, and Class 1-B. They haven't mingled very much at this point and seeing how Ryukyu is the teacher of Class 1-B, it's no surprise that Izuku and she haven't so much as spoken to one another yet.

Well, it seems they'll be speaking together now, because as fast as Izuku was able to move, there's still one problem. While his and Rumi's clothes have been all fixed up, leaving no sign of the fact that he was just ball's deep inside of the Rabbit Hero… Rumi herself has made no move to actually change positions. So what Ryukyu walked in on was the sight of Izuku a step back from Rumi, while Rumi was bent over her own desk, head in her arms and ass high in the air.

… Yeah, even with them both fully clothed, it was kind of obvious something inappropriate was happening. Probably even more obvious given the smell in the air. Izuku just hoped Ryukyu's senses weren't too good, because not only would she then know exactly what they'd been doing, she might also detect Momo just as Rumi had done.

Thankfully, the Dragoon Hero doesn't so much as glance in the direction of the air vent that Momo is currently hiding in. Instead, she takes a step towards the two of them, her one visible eye narrowed at Izuku.

"What the hell is going on here?"

Izuku thins out his lips, already planning various ways to punish his chocolate bunny for this later. Rumi had overstepped herself and Izuku hated being blindsided. He should have probably done something more back when she brought Mt. Lady into their relationship, but that had turned out fairly well so he hadn't thought anything of it. This was different.

"What does it look like, Ry-ry? Just begging my handsome young stud of a student to fuck me~"

Rumi, on the other hand, doesn't seem to think so. The Rabbit Hero giggles as she wiggles her hips in the air, and Izuku's eyes widen at the same time as Ryukyu's. Seriously, what the fuck was up with Rumi? She was acting way too fucking overconfident. Was she on drugs or something?

"What the fuck, R-Rumi?!"

Letting out a disgruntled sigh, Rumi finally pushes up off of the desk and straightens out. Then, she plants her hands on her hips, her eyes twinkling.

"Don't be a prude, Ryuko. I invited you here so you could get a piece of the action. This stud is way too much for any one woman to handle, even me."

Ryukyu… or rather, Ryuko, as Rumi had named her, goes even more wide eyed at that, her gaze flicking towards Izuku for a moment. For the first time, he sees a flicker of interest in the back of her eyes. But it's hastily swallowed up by her irritation and self-righteousness.

"That's not right, Rumi! He's your student! And besides, you know I have a boyfriend!"

… Seriously? Had letting Rumi run wild completely come back to bite him in the ass? It was one thing when it was Mt. Lady and Izuku could prey upon her insecurities to really bring her into the fold. But before she'd suddenly taken this sabbatical to become a teacher at UA, Ryukyu the Dragoon Hero had been ranked Ninth out of all the Pro Heroes in Japan!

And on top of that, she had a boyfriend?! What the hell was Rumi playing at?

"Oh, you mean that piece of trash who's been texting me trying to get me to hook up with him for weeks now?"

Wait, what? Even as Izuku gives Rumi a more considering look, Ryuko has gone pale. The blonde heroine freezes in place for a moment before scowling furiously.

"You're lying."

The thing was, Izuku already knew that the Rabbit Hero wasn't lying. He would be able to tell via his Quirks if she was. Everything she's said so far is the complete truth as she knows it. Something in Rumi seems to soften a little bit at Ryuko's immediate denial. Reaching down, the Rabbit Hero pulls open a drawer and lifts up her phone, holding it aloft in the air.

"Yeah? I've got the text messages right here if you want to read them, Ry-ry."

Ryuko's one visible eye darts to the phone for a moment before she shakes her head and takes a step back.

"N-No… I don't… I don't have to stand here and listen to this. I thought you were my friend, Rumi. I-!"

Cutting herself off, the Dragoon Hero turns towards the door. Luckily she locked it, because the moments in which she's fumbling with said lock are when Rumi stops her dead in her tracks.

"Yeah? Guess I'll just have to take him up on his offer then. If that's the only way to make you believe me, I suppose you'll come home one night and find me in your bed with him."

Thank fuck for his ability to detect lies, because frankly, Rumi has an excellent poker face. But that one… that one WAS a lie. If she'd been telling the truth, if she'd actually been willing to sleep with Ryuko's boyfriend in order to get through to her friend, Izuku's not sure what he would have done. Lying about it is bad enough, but at least it works.

Spinning around, Ryuko snarls as she stomps across the length of the classroom, reaching the desk and yanking Rumi's phone out of her hand. For a moment, Izuku half-expects the Dragoon Hero to crush it or throw it or something… but no, she turns it towards herself and starts going through it. Rumi must have the messages already pulled up, because it doesn't take long for Ryuko's snarl to morph into that same pale look from before.

Izuku watches curiously, feeling strangely like a bystander in this whole situation. He's starting to realize that that's sort of what he is at the moment. Rumi isn't acting like she would if this was her place. There, he was practically King of the Castle, so to speak. Right now though? Even though he'd had her bent over her desk and his dick in her twat literally less than ten minutes ago, she was pretending to pay him no mind.

That wasn't to say she was actually ignoring him however. He can see it in her micro-movements. She wants to put all of her attention on Ryuko. She wants to give her friend, possibly her best friend if he was reading their relationship right, all of the attention she deserves. But she's finding it hard to completely avoid gauging his reaction. Her ears keep twitching in his direction, her body language leans towards him, and she's focusing with all her might not to look at him.

It's possible she knows she's in for a punishment after all of this. Or maybe not. Izuku supposes it depends on how this all pans out. Has Rumi really planned this properly?

"… These could be falsified."

Ryuko's response, when it finally comes, is in a faint voice. Izuku can tell she already believes them to be true. She just doesn't WANT to believe them to be true. Rumi, it would seem, is quite prepared for that, however. Reaching over both the desk and the top of her own phone, she wordlessly taps the screen, swipes to the side, and then presses the play button all without looking.

"This is what you're missing, you little Rabbit Bitch! Look at this dick. This is the dick I used to tame your dragon friend when I took her off that other loser. Look at her. Passed out from my cock. She can't handle me. No woman can handle me alone. You want a taste? You want a try? I bet you're just salivating at the thought."

Ryuko has a hand to her mouth by the time the recording finishes and starts to replay.

"This is what you're-!"

Rumi reaches over and stops the video for her. Izuku doesn't actually see the video play, but he can imagine it. Ryuko's boyfriend seems to have gone beyond the normal 'dick pic' and gone straight to 'dick video'… and from the sound of things, he recorded it after fucking the Dragoon Hero into such a stupor that she wasn't even conscious for it.

"I… I…"

"You have shit taste in men, Ry-ry. Which is why when this guy made you cuck your last boyfriend and then leave him, I didn't really give a shit. Because your last boyfriend wasn't any better. But when he does this shit… that crosses a line. He's got recordings of you naked. In compromising positions."

Izuku is beginning to wonder if this is about him at all. Rumi seems deadly serious, and Ryuko looks like she's on the verge of a mental breakdown. Except… Izuku blinks as he really looks at her and realizes her current state of mind has nothing to do with the recordings her garbage boyfriend might have of her. But rather.

"I-I can't… he's… I l-love him, Rumi…"

Wow. Izuku blinks at the look of honest despair on Ryuko's face. Rumi, on the other hand, scoffs and crosses her arms over her chest.

"You love his dick, Ry-ry. You love his Quirk. You don't love him. You're addicted to the way he fucks you and that's all."

Ryuko flinches back as if Rumi had physically slapped her instead of just bluntly speaking the truth. For a moment, she trembles as she looks at her hands. Finally, her response comes out in a whisper.

"E-Even still…"

Holy shit, what was this douchebag capable of, that he had a top Pro Hero like the Dragoon wrapped around his finger so effectively? Then, Izuku blinks as he considers that thought for a moment and realizes that HE'S done the same with multiple heroines by this point. In fact… oh.

He feels kind of stupid that he only realizes why he's here mere moments before Rumi turns to him with a shit-eating grin stretched across her face.

"You're lucky I love you so much Ry-ry… because I found someone better, just for you."

The way the Rabbit Hero phrases it, one might be led to think that everything she's done so far with him has been for Ryuko's sake. But Izuku can immediately tell that's not the case. Even still, Rumi's eyes are imploring him not to call her out on it… at least not yet. It would seem Izuku is incredibly weak to his chocolate bunny's equivalent of puppy dog eyes too, because in the end, he stays silent as Ryuko looks at him. As she REALLY looks at him.

The Dragoon Hero tries to put on a brave front, but her lower lip wobbles a bit as she crosses her arms over her substantial chest.

"Y-Yeah? That… that good huh? You think he can really replace my boyfriend?"

Finally stepping out from around the desk, Rumi stalks up to Ryuko, smirking wickedly.

"I think if your boyfriend is willing to send me lewd videos of himself with you without your knowledge just to get me to fuck him, he's already got a dozen side chicks. I think he's been cheating on you since the moment you two started dating. And I think you should be allowed to cheat on him right back and give Izuku a try. If you like him enough, then we'll see what we can do about getting you out from under that waste of space's thumb."

Izuku slowly walks out from behind the desk as well, even as he finds himself considering Rumi's words. She's actually put a significant amount of thought into this. From what he's been able to piece together, Ryuko's boyfriend managed to wiggle his way into Ryuko's panties, and then used his Quirk to really fuck her up something fierce. To the point that, even confronted with him trying to get into her best friend's panties, she was considering going back to him all the same.

He probably WOULD blackmail Ryuko, if the Dragoon Hero tried to break up with him. That couldn't be allowed to happen, and it seemed Rumi agreed. Though it also seemed like the Rabbit Hero didn't quite realize that Izuku could help in that regard. As far as Rumi was concerned, he was only here for the sex. But he COULD do both. He could fuck Ryuko silly and show her the time of her life, on top of destroying this boyfriend of her and getting rid of any blackmail he might have of her.

Ryuko looks him up and down for a long moment before a shaky sort of resolve appears in her eyes. But behind it, Izuku sees the desperation as well.

"F-Fine. Couldn't… couldn't hurt."

Rumi grins and slaps Ryuko's ass, causing the Dragoon Hero to squeak indignantly.

"That's the spirit, Ry-ry! Go on girl, get him!"

Stutter-stepping forward, Ryuko approaches Izuku. In response, Izuku watches her wordlessly. When she drops down to her knees in front of him, he lifts his gaze and looks to Rumi. The gorgeous heroine's white rabbit ears droop a little bit in sheepishness, and she mouths the word 'please' at him, clearly begging him to go along with this… and potentially to do all he can to snap Ryuko out of whatever dependency she's developed for this guy's Quirk.

… He would need to know exactly what sort of Quirk the guy had to begin with. Was it something like the increased sensitivity that he'd used on Rumi? That's what had initially broken her down, wasn't it? He could see something similar working even on a very strong, independent heroine like Ryuko.

Honestly, was he even going to do this? From the sound of things, the situation was a mix of Ryuko being really bad with men… and being NTR'd by her current boyfriend from her last boyfriend. And now the current boyfriend also wanted Rumi for himself as well, though he probably didn't know he would be NTRing Rumi from one of her students. As far as the world was concerned, Rumi was single.

But seriously, wasn't this all a bit much? Especially since Momo was still in the vent watching the whole situation go down. Rumi had seriously let this scenario play out while her Class Representative spied on them, all because he'd made it clear he didn't mind Momo's peeping earlier. But that was before Ryuko had showed up and things had gone topsy turvy. Now… now things had changed. Dramatically.

That said, Izuku was nothing if not adaptable. The situation had blindsided him, there was no doubt about that. He wouldn't let it show though. He would do what needed to be done.

-x-X-x-

Also as of now, my first ever original novel Breaking Providence is being released publicly on all of the websites I post to! Please if you have the time at least give it a try for me and let me know what you think, it would mean a lot!
Chapter 36: Ryukyu the Dragoon Hero Pt. 2
Chapter Text

A/N: Just a reminder, new chapter here means two more chapters over on the P atreon, where my patrons are currently voting on the future direction of this story!

-x-X-x-

… If he's doing this, he's going to do it right. As Ryuko leans forward, reaching for his crotch, Izuku's hand snaps out and he grabs the heroine by her short hair, yanking her head back and causing her to gasp as she looks up at him from beneath her ever-present fringe.

"No hands. Keep them clasped behind your back."

Ryuko obeys unquestioningly, even as Rumi watches on with a wide grin. The Quirk Izuku is using to make his voice slightly irresistible ensures the Dragoon Hero's compliance, even as she looks from his eyes down to his crotch, clearly wondering what he's going to do next. Izuku just smirks.

"Well? Did I say to stop?"

Understanding dawns on the heroine, and her breath hitches as he guides her forward by the hand he has in her hair.

"Take it out. Use only your teeth. Understood?"

A shiver runs down Ryuko's spine, even as she nods.

"Y-Yes."

And with that, she gets started on extracting his cock from its confines with nothing but her mouth. It's no easy task, but then that's kind of the point. Izuku isn't doing this just to establish dominance, he's also doing it to buy himself the time he needs to figure out what he's up against. If he's going to go to war with another man he's never even met before, then he needs to understand the battlefield. That being Ryuko's body.

Off to the side, Rumi is watching this with an expression of pure glee on her face. There's a hint of jealousy as well, but she's the one who set this up, and she's clearly enjoying the fruits of her labor so far. Her hands twitch, and Izuku can tell the chocolate bunny wants nothing more than to touch herself to the sight of her friend being forced to extract his cock with nothing but her teeth. She doesn't just yet, but soon enough she'll give in, he can tell.

Meanwhile, up in the airduct… Momo has already given in. Not only can Izuku hear her fingering herself with the help of his Quirks, but he can smell her arousal, thick in the air. The spying young woman is having the time of her life watching them right now, clearly getting off on him toying with Ryuko like he is. Izuku still didn't fully know what was up with Momo, but he supposed it was fine so long as she was, heh, having fun.

Focusing back on the matter at hand, Izuku turns his gaze down to Ryuko once more. He doesn't just look at her though, he outright analyses her. His father had always been a fan of having a Quirk for every situation. This included being able to do the work of an entire blood lab and hospital all by himself. All for One had gone out of his way to acquire a number of intrusive Quirks that would allow one to look deep within a 'patient' and know everything there was to know about their biological makeup.

Obviously, Izuku didn't usually use these Quirks without good reason. Not only was it a bit too overwhelming for him to have them on all the time for every interaction he had with anyone, but it was also a slight turn off. All of that squicky information, all of those disgusting details… it didn't really set the mood, to say the least.

But it needed to be done. He needed to understand what this douchebag had done to Ryuko. Rumi clearly hated the guy's guts, and Ryuko certainly didn't seem proud about how she'd cheated on her last boyfriend with him. Which left Izuku to figure out why the fuck the Dragoon Hero stuck with this new guy in the first place.

There are Quirks for everything. And Izuku has a lot of them, but not all of them. This guy… without seeing his Quirk in action, or just outright taking it for himself and gaining comprehensive understanding that way, Izuku could only begin to guess. Still, he can see what's wrong with Ryuko. Her body… its suffused in this guy's musk. However, it's far more than just a scent or smell. Somehow, the man has managed to seep his very essence into her pores. Every inch of her body is covered in him.

Izuku can immediately tell that it won't matter how good of a lay he is. It doesn't matter if he fucks Ryuko's brains out. He could completely rock her world and unless he outright mind broke her in such a permanent fashion as to cause personality death, she'd just end up back with the douchebag. Obviously, that wasn't something he was willing to do, even if he theoretically COULD do it.

It's not about sex with her and her 'boyfriend' at this point. In fact, for all he knows, sex with the man might be incredibly mediocre. No, what Ryuko was suffering from was plain old addiction. The guy had addicted Ryuko to not just his touch, but his very presence. She would always find herself going back to him, which would in turn cause more of his essence to seep into her body. An endless cycle where unless he abandoned her entirely, she would never willingly choose to stay away from him for the length of time needed for her to be free.

Insidious to say the least, and Izuku didn't doubt that it was fast acting as well. The guy, whoever the fuck he was, clearly had a massive ego thanks to his Quirk. He was even convinced that one roll in the hay would get him Mirko the Rabbit Hero as well. Izuku certainly had no reason to doubt the man's confidence either. For all he knew, Rumi might have fallen for the guy if she'd ended up spending enough time in his presence.

After all, while sex probably helped, it almost certainly wasn't just that. Just being around the guy and breathing in his musk and absorbing his essence slowly endeared you to him, Izuku imagined. He could even picture how it would have gone in his mind's eye if Rumi hadn't already been working at UA and fallen into her twisted relationship with Izuku.

She might have gone to the guy to give her a piece of his mind and even threaten him, but of course he wouldn't have backed down. Then, maybe he shows up at one of her events or something, to continue pushing his Quirk on her. Until eventually… she'd fall. Just like Ryuko had before becoming a teacher here.

Of course, with Rumi a teacher here, the guy had ultimately missed his chance. Or… had he? Glancing up, Izuku gives the fidgeting, twitching Rabbit Hero a quick look with his Quirks too. What he sees disturbs him to his core. There are bits and pieces of the guy's essence on Rumi as well, despite her never having deigned to meet with him in the first place. The only explanation… is that Ryuko isn't just a victim, she's a carrier.

In the end, the guy's confidence suddenly makes way more sense. He sent Rumi that video message because he knew the more Rumi hung out with Ryuko, the more of HIM would rub off on the chocolate bunny. Until eventually… she wouldn't be able to resist.

Insidious and dangerous. Izuku couldn't let something like that continue.

Meanwhile, down below, Ryuko has finally managed to get Izuku's cock out of his pants and into her mouth. As she dutifully sucks on his dick, she's looking up into his eyes. Her hands are still clasped behind her back, but there's a challenge in her gaze, as if to say so far she's not impressed with him. But then, he was up against literal chemical addiction here, so… he was going to have to take drastic measure, it seemed.

Reaching down, Izuku grabs hold of Ryuko's head with both hands. His fingers slide through her short hair and across her scalp. As he gets to work, Ryuko gurgles in surprise around his cock, her eyes immediately rolling back in her head as he sends a very minor pulse of electricity right into her, specifically aiming for the brain's pleasure centers.

"Glurrrhgugl!"

In that instant, her mouth might as well have been her cunt, as she noisily cums from sucking his cock. Her body shakes and spasms, but to her credit she keeps her hands clasped behind her back all the while. Izuku is just getting started of course… and in fact, even this action has ulterior motives. He's not just driving her wild with his touch upon her scalp. He's using another Quirk to push the douchebag's essence out of her at the same time.

As she gurgles there on her knees before him, her tongue swirling around his cock and her lashes fluttering rather wildly, Izuku watches as she quickly begins to sweat profusely. The 'sweat' is slightly opaque but mostly clear fluid, and its streaming from all of her pores. Izuku narrows his eyes at that, before driving her all the way down his cock in one go.

"Gluuuuuuuuuughk!"

Ryuko shudders upon his dick as he plows down the back of her throat and into her currently hyper-sensitive gullet. She cums at least three times while involuntarily struggling against his hold on her. When he pulls back, her eyes are lidded and she's panting for breath, her chest heaving in its top. But that's just it… she's overly dressed for this.

Continuing to slide her up and down his dick, Izuku calls out to her again, his Quirk-enhanced voice forcing her to hear him even in her current state.

"Strip, now."

It doesn't force her to obey, but Ryuko still jumps to do his bidding. Her hands unclasp from behind her back and she hastens to strip naked. She drags her clothing off of her body piece by piece, all but tossing the garments aside until finally, she's completely naked.

While she's doing this, Izuku checks on both Rumi and Momo again. He's glad he's done so, because in looking over at a now-masturbating Rumi, he realizes that bits of the man's Quirk that he's pushing out of Ryuko are in fact airborne. Not all if it is confined to her sweat. He's able to stop any of the airborne essence from reaching Rumi and Momo however with a quick use of an unseen wind Quirk that collects all of the particles and sends them splattering harmlessly into the wall of the classroom instead. Their shelf life in open air is minutes, so the danger won't last long.

Yes, Rumi and Momo are both masturbating enthusiastically at this point. Momo has never stopped, while Rumi has given in to her instincts and desires. The Rabbit Hero freezes up for a moment when Izuku's eyes fall upon her once more, and she gives him a sheepish smile. Izuku, meanwhile, just tilts his head at her for a moment before returning his attention to Ryuko.

He's not quite yet ready to forgive Rumi for springing this on him. Then again, if he didn't want her to do stuff like this, he should have said something back with Mt. Lady, he supposed. And also, if she hadn't sprung this on him, would he have noticed what Ryuko's douchebag of a boyfriend was up to before it was too late? He certainly could have saved both Rumi and Ryuko just as easily later on, but perhaps not before the asshole got his hands on Rumi too. And that… that would have signed his death warrant.

As it was, Izuku knew he would have to decide what do to with this man he'd never met, once he was done with Ryuko. Ryuko who was currently kneeling in a puddle of her own sweat and pussy juices at this point, and not just because of how absurdly wet she was.

He continues to rail Ryuko's throat, fucking her face as he removes every bit of the other man's essence from her body. He's quite literally erasing her boyfriend's mark from her at the moment. In the end… he is the one doing the NTR now, he supposes.

Meanwhile, Ryuko is having the time of her life. Thanks to his Quirk, the switch has been flipped in her head, making her mouth and throat as sensitive as her cunt would normally be, if not more so. She's cumming hard from this and has been for quite some while now. Izuku honestly is only paying that half a mind. Most of his focus is on removing the other man's presence from her. Inch by inch, he goes over her body, to be sure it's all gone.

It's a test of fortitude, remaining rock hard while literally using a special Quirk-enhanced sight to gaze beneath Ryuko's skin at what lays underneath. But he does it because he cares. Maybe not about Ryuko, at least not on a personal level just yet, but he cares about Rumi, and Ryuko is her friend. For that, Izuku is willing to move Heaven and Earth to help her.

Only once he's finished and can confirm that Ryuko is completely clean of the man's influence does he pull his Quirks back and focus on the pleasure of her gurgling throat flexing around his cock. Her wanton moans reverberate up and down his shaft as he pistons in and out of her gullet.

"Glughk! Glughk! Glughk!"

With a lustful growl, Izuku forces Ryuko to look him in the eye again. Her vision is glazed over from the pleasure, but she still hears his next command.

"Here it comes. Swallow it all, Ryuko."

Ryuko's one visible eye widens and she nods as best she can. A moment later, he begins to cum. Groaning, Izuku tosses his head back and drags Ryuko's face all the way down into his crotch. As her nose is buried in his pubic hair, her chin brushing up against his balls, Izuku lets out a rumbling growl deep in his chest.

The Dragoon Hero, meanwhile, does as she's told. She swallows and swallows, drinking down every last drop of Izuku's seed. She guzzles away at it, gulping down his cum like her life depends on it. Maybe she thinks it does. He has absolutely no clue what's going through Ryuko's head right now, truth be told. He doesn't know how her boyfriend's Quirk made her feel, nor how she feels now that his essence has been removed.

What he does know is that he's just getting started. He's going to fuck Ryuko silly. He's going to give her the same treatment he gave Rumi. He's about to fuck her so fucking hard she completely forgets about that other man. Why? Because at the end of the day, Izuku is not wholly a good man.

A good man might have stopped everything here and explained what was happening. But Izuku had his secrets and he couldn't explain how he knew all that he knew. But that was fine. He'd done his good deed for the day. Now it was time to reap the rewards.

And to be fair, as he pulls out of Ryuko's throat and she shows off the last mouthful of his cum by lolling out her tongue before pulling it back in, he can tell from the look in her eyes… she knows exactly what he's going to do to her next.

And she can't wait.

-x-X-x-

If you'd like to read more of my work not seen on this website, check out H entai-Foundry dot com and Questionable Questing dot com where I have over a thousand stories! I'm known as 'Cambrian' on those websites.

If you'd like to contribute to funding my writing at all, check me out on P atreon. com (slash) Cambrian

Thanks for reading!

-x-X-x-

Also as of now, my first ever original novel Breaking Providence is being released publicly on all of the websites I post to! Please if you have the time at least give it a try for me and let me know what you think, it would mean a lot!
Chapter 37: Ryukyu the Dragoon Hero Pt. 3
Chapter Text

A/N: Hey guys, just a heads up, this story will be going on a temporary hiatus for the next six weeks. Effectively, Chapter 38 will not be released until April 2nd. As always, thanks for reading!

-x-X-x-

Has she really been so blind? As she swallows that last mouthful of Izuku Midoriya's cum. Ryuko Tatsuma, aka Ryukyu the Dragoon Hero, stares up at the man in front of her with wide opened eyes and wonders how she could have ever thought her current boyfriend was worth a drop of her loyalty.

She still remembered the first time she met the jackass. And he definitely was a jackass, for all that Ryuko had not allowed herself to think of him in that way for months now. He'd come into her life unannounced and uninvited, making a general nuisance of himself at first. Only her own morals and the fact that she had a reputation as a Pro Hero to consider had kept her from getting violent with him.

Unfortunately, her inability to do anything to him directly had meant he kept showing up like a bad gnat. Until eventually… she'd started feeling differently around him. His persistence and his perseverance… there was something attractive in those things. And before she knew it, she was… she was…

A shudder runs through Ryuko's body. She feels unclean, and not because she just fucked her own face on Izuku's cock and guzzled down his cum. That had actually felt amazing. She'd never climaxed from giving a man a blowjob before, not even her jackass of a boyfriend. But then, she also hadn't ever felt like this with the boyfriend before him either. The boyfriend he'd… stolen her from.

Another shudder runs through the Dragoon Hero's body. What was she, a piece of meat? To be taken from one man by another? Wasn't that what Midoriya was doing with her right this moment? Except he's watching her, rather than doing much taking. He's standing there, an intent to fuck her in his eyes… but making no effort to actually do so just yet.

… He's waiting for her to ask, Ryuko realizes. He's waiting for her to beg. And god does she want to. In fact, she couldn't hold herself back if she tried.

"P-Please… please fuck me."

It was like living on canned food for years, only to then be treated to a gourmet chef's cooking… and the promise of further meals of that quality for the rest of her days. Sure, you could persist on the canned food… but why the fuck would you when you had other options? It was a strange feeling, but suddenly Ryuko knew she DID have other options. That jackass… he'd made her think she was nothing. He'd convinced her that he was the best she was going to get.

Looking back on their so-called relationship now, Ryuko could see how one-sided and abusive it was. But she couldn't quite see WHY she'd let him treat her like he did. She couldn't quite figure out why he had become the center of her world.

After all… he was absolute dog shit in bed. Comparing him to Izuku Midoriya was like comparing night to day. Her jackass of a boyfriend was the sort of man who had zero talent, zero skill, and a barely average cock at best. And yet, he'd treated himself like he was God's Gift to Sex. For some reason, she'd gone along with it.

Now though? Now she knew what she wanted. Sex with Izuku Midoriya was going to be a thousand times better than sex with her jackass boyfriend.

Grinning down at her, Izuku just nods, as if knowing that was what she was going to ask for.

"Sure, Ryuko. How do you want to do this?"

… It's a little strange still, to hear a student calling her by her first name like that. Izuku is much too familiar with her already. Then again, it's obvious he's been fucking Rumi for who knows how long. More than that, she'd just got done fellating him. So… wasn't it more like he was just the right amount of familiar with her?

Either way, Ryuko suddenly has a choice to make. How will Izuku fuck her? It's not a choice she's been involved with for some time. The jackass had fucked her however he wanted. The first time they'd done it in fact had been in a bathroom stall. Ryuko had been out in costume, fighting bad guys and saving some people from an apartment fire.

In the midst of giving her statement to the authorities, he'd moved behind her and nonchalantly slapped her ass out of everyone else's field of view. No one caught on to why she suddenly stiffened up nor why she made excuses for needing to go. Ryuko had hunted him down after that, intending to demand answers… or at least, that was the lie she'd told herself.

In the end, she'd wound up sitting uncomfortably on a toilet seat, her costume pulled aside and her legs high up in the air as he fucked her right there in the public bathroom. At the time, she'd been convinced it was some of the best sex of her life for some reason. Now? Looking back? She felt dirty. Disgusting. Unclean.

She needed Izuku to wipe away any trace of her boyfriend. She needed him to fuck her properly. And so she slowly rises to her feet… shucks off her pants and panties before hopping onto Rumi's desk in one fluid motion.

Ignoring Rumi's indignant squawk in the background, Ryuko spreads her legs wide and holds out her arms to Izuku, blushing profusely as she does so.

"Please… like this."

She's eternally grateful that he doesn't question her. It's as close as she can get to her first defilement at the hands of the jackass. If she can just have Izuku fuck her like that bastard did, she's sure…

The young man steps into place between her legs, and slides his cock right into her like he was made for this. Ryuko's eyes widen, and her head immediately goes back as her entire body spasms. She'd anticipated it being good… she'd known it would feel amazing… but nothing could have prepared her for climaxing on penetration. An explosive orgasm takes her on the very first thrust, and only Izuku's firm, strong hands on her body keep her from flopping backwards as she spasms in ecstasy and bliss.

… That's another way in which he's different from the jackass. The jackass wasn't stronger than her. She feels like she could have snapped him in two like a twig at any time. But Izuku Midoriya? Ryuko can feel it in his grip, that he IS stronger than her.

It was another oddity, one she barely pays much mind to as Izuku fucks her atop Rumi's desk. But still an oddity, nonetheless. Ryuko had always put great value in strength. Not as much value in other things maybe, but in a partner, she'd always enjoyed a certain level of strength. Her boyfriend before the jackass, for instance, had a Strength Quirk. He'd had something of a big head about it but Ryuko had let that slide because they were about the same level in physical strength.

But the jackass? Ryuko didn't know why, but she'd always felt incredibly weak around him even though that couldn't be further from the case. It was as if his very presence made her submit. Now, looking back with clear eyes provided by Izuku's big fat cock and the pounding she was receiving… Ryuko was disgusted with her past self's actions.

Wrapping her arms and legs around Izuku's body, the Dragoon Hero moans wantonly, her pussy walls clenching and flexing around his pistoning cock. It feels so good, having him inside of her. Her cunt tightens along his length, milking it for all she's worth… and yet, Ryuko can tell he's far from cumming. She, on the other hand, might as well be on a hair trigger.

She quickly loses track of the amount of times she climaxes on Izuku Midoriya's magnificent cock. While Rumi watches on in the background, masturbating away, Ryuko can only blush as she looks into Izuku's eyes. They're surprisingly warm and even filled with understanding. She gets the impression that he cares about her. Maybe he didn't at the start of all of this. Maybe it was all just a favor for Rumi… but looking at him now, Ryuko feels… not quite love, but appreciation. Appreciation that she hasn't felt in quite some time.

… Ryuko knew that the jackass had some sort of Quirk that made sex with him amazing. She'd never fully known what it did, only that it completely blew her mind. However… now she's beginning to wonder if that wasn't all a lie. Because now she had something to really compare it to. And if she had to guess? Izuku was the one with some sort of Sex Quirk that could blow women's minds. Though, was that even the case? What WAS the young man's Quirk again…?

A gurgle makes its way out of the Dragoon Hero's throat, as she quivers and shudders under Izuku's unending onslaught. It feels good, to have him fuck her like this. It feels like he's erasing the traces of her boyfriend with every last thrust. Or rather… ex-boyfriend. She was obviously going to break up with him after this. Frankly, she didn't know why she hadn't done so before now.

That said, this moment wasn't really about that jackass. Not anymore. This was about Ryuko getting fucked like she fucking deserved, by a man stronger than her, by a man who had shown her what she was missing out on. And frankly, she wanted more. She needed more…

Reaching out, Ryuko taps Izuku's shoulder. Somehow correctly intuiting what she wanted, he pulls out of her, letting her disentangle her limbs from his body as she hops off the desk… and promptly turns around and bends over it. His hands are on her shoulders and his cock is inside of her again a moment later, as he begins to fuck her from behind.

Ryuko's eyes roll back in her head and her tongue lolls out of her mouth from the explosion of pleasure that the return of his magnificent member makes her feel. She quivers beneath Izuku in this new position, greatly enjoying submitting to not just his amazing cock, but also his superior strength.

She needs him to keep fucking her, but luckily he seems to know that. However, Ryuko doesn't just need to be fucked. She needs to be fucked how the jackass fucked her. Every single position. Every single humiliation. She needs Izuku to visit them all upon her so that she can… erase the jackass from her mind. Everything he did to her… Izuku Midoriya can do it better, full stop. He proves it time and time again, as Ryuko has him take her in position after position.

The Dragoon Hero goes down on her back, she gets on her hands and knees, she even climbs onto Izuku's lap. The young man is incredibly attentive, seeming to be able to read her like a book. He knows what she needs and he's willing to give it to her. Ryuko feels a little guilty, like she's using him, but she reminds himself that the throbbing cock he has inside of her spasming cunt means he's enjoying all of this as much as she is.

Every position he fucks her in makes it more obvious to her that her jackass of a boyfriend really was terrible in bed. His average dick and his selfish attitude had nothing on Izuku. She still didn't fully understand HOW he'd managed to convince her to break up with her previous boyfriend. Sure, her other boyfriend could be a big-headed jerk at times, but he wasn't nearly as much of a jackass as that bastard was.

And yet she'd still fallen for him. Maybe… maybe Rumi was right. Maybe Ryuko did have shit taste in men. Maybe… she was finally right where she belonged.

As Izuku fucks her on her back on one of the student desks in Class 1-A's classroom, Ryuko looks at Rumi from an upside down position, catching the masturbating chocolate bunny's eye as she's pounded silly. Rumi, seeing this, freezes for a moment… before collapsing to her knees and crawling over to Ryuko, giving her a strange upside down kiss for a moment before they pull apart with strands of saliva connecting their lips.

It's in that instant that Ryuko manages to ask a gasping, panting question.

"W-Why… why do all of this for me, Rumi? What's… the end goal?"

Blushing, but also grinning, Rumi licks her lips and glances up past Ryuko's dangling head to Izuku for a brief second. Then, she looks back to her friend, continuing to finger herself as she watches Ryuko's face contort in pleasure from being fucked so soundly.

"Mmm~ You were convinced that you were ruined for all other men and that all other men were ruined for you, all because that piece of trash had you wrapped around his pinkie finger. I knew though… I knew Izuku could break you out of it. You were spiraling, Ryuko… but that's over now~"

Was it? Ryuko can't help but lift her head and look at Izuku Midoriya as well. The young man looks back at her, as domineering as ever… but also unexpectant, in a way. He had no intentions of forcing her to do anything she didn't want to do. He wasn't going to abuse her like her jackass of a boyfriend did. He wasn't…

Suddenly, Ryuko is struck with an urge. Biting her lower lip, she looks at Rumi.

"P-Phone… c-can I please borrow your phone?"

Rumi blinks in confusion for a moment… before her eyes widen and she nods, scrambling to her feet. Quickly, she gets her phone and hands it to Ryuko, who doesn't hesitate to use it to call her boyfriend. Izuku slows down for a moment, but picks back up the pace, continuing to fuck her as she holds the phone to her ear until finally…

"Heh, knew you couldn't resist me, you little Rabbit Bitch. What-?"

"A-Actually, nngh, it's m-me…"

Ryuko bites back a moan, as the call goes silent for a long moment. She's curious how he'll react to her calling him from Rumi's phone. Did he not think they talked? Did he truly not think Rumi would tell her?

"… You stupid cunt, what do you think you're doing? You better not have ruined things with the rabbit. I was doing just fine, you know. I didn't need your help."

Shameless. He was truly and utterly shameless, wasn't he? She'd already known that though. It'd been despicable to her at first… and somehow become something she appreciated over time. But now? It was disgusting once more.

"W-What am I doing? What… mm, what does it sound like I'm doing, y-you bastard? I and, nngh, R-Rumi are getting FUCKED right now… by, a-ah, someone who is TEN times the man y-you are! She's convinced me I should, mm, see other people… so I am. D-Don't, ooh, worry… it's not me, it's YOU!"

There's no pause this time. He immediately blows up at her.

"WHAT?! YOU LITTLE-!"

And then the phone is taken from her hand by Izuku. Ryuko expects him to say something for a moment, but he just ends the call instead, tossing the phone back to Rumi before returning to pounding into Ryuko. Staring up into his eyes, Ryuko shudders beneath him, excited… eager for what's about to come.

His release arrives a moment later, and she gasps and moans as he fills her with his seed, fully and completely erasing the last marks of her ex-boyfriend from her body and her very soul.

Rumi was right. That chapter of her life was over now. Ryuko would never even think about that jackass ever again.
Chapter 38: Comeuppance
Chapter Text

A/N: We're back from hiatus everyone! Miss me?

-x-X-x-

He doesn't quite intend for Ryuko to pass out from one last explosive orgasm upon him creampieing her, but Izuku isn't about to look a gift-horse in the mouth. Normally he would prefer to engage in some aftercare, but with Ryuko literally insensate and time being of the essence, he swiftly pulls out of her and looks to Rumi.

"Look after her. There are some things I have to take care of."

His chocolate bunny of a teacher blinks at that and then whines piteously, clearly having expected to get her turn next. But then, if she wanted that, she shouldn't have let Ryuko borrow her phone as she did. Now, things were on a time crunch. But of course, Rumi is too aroused to realize why he's suddenly leaving.

"But-!"

And Izuku is more than willing to take advantage of that fact, holding up his hand and shaking his head sharply.

"No. You'll do what I say… and later we'll have a talk about your actions here today."

Sure, Izuku wasn't actually all that mad that Rumi had brought Ryuko into things. After all, it had worked out for the best. But he also wasn't above using guilt to get what he wanted. In this case, Rumi's ears droop down and she averts her gaze, even as she nods submissively and moves to take care of Ryuko. With that dealt with, Izuku quickly leaves the classroom.

His enhanced senses let him know that Momo is slowly making her way back out of the vent as well, but he can't worry about her right now. He has other things to be doing. As soon as he's out of Rumi's earshot, Izuku pulls his phone out and begins making calls.

-x-X-x-

"What the fuck?! Seriously, how can she just ignore me like this?! Stupid little bitch, she's going to pay for this. Damn it all, that rabbit cunt Mirko must have talked her into this. They don't fucking know. They have no idea what sort of shitstorm they've unleashed…"

An hour later, Izuku watches from the shadows as the bastard who NTR'd Ryuko and wanted to do the same to Rumi continues to work himself up into a frenzy. Admittedly, Izuku had been at the man's residence within fifteen minutes of leaving U.A. behind. He wasn't taking any chances with this. Luckily, the bastard wasn't a very cold and calculated thinker. In fact, Izuku got the impression that the smarmy bastard wasn't much of a thinker at all.

No… this was the kind of guy who had gotten by solely on the use of his Quirk. This close to him, Izuku could literally see the Quirk's particles wafting off of the guy. It was like a disease, albeit an undetectable one by most approximations.

Regardless, an hour in, the bastard's panic was finally receding enough for him to start thinking about next steps. Which was precisely what Izuku had been waiting for all this time. As the man finally turns towards his computer, the confusion in his eyes washes away, giving ground to pure, unadulterated anger and fury.

"Those dumb cunts… I'll fucking show them. I'll show them both what they've made me do, and when that bitch Ryukyu comes crawling back to me, she'll BEG me for the opportunity to bring her little bunny rabbit friend to me all tied up and ready for my pleasure."

Now filled with a certain amount of purpose, the bastard moves over to his computer, sits down in front of it, and powers the electronic device on. An unholy, evil grin spreads across the smug asshole's face as he puts in his password and begins navigating through his files.

… Of course, that's about when Izuku steps in. A light touch on the back of the neck is all the bastard gets before Izuku knocks him out and also steals his Quirk. Immediately, he's struck by just how… slimy the Quirk feels. It makes his skin crawl, and without even thinking about it, he pushes it down into the depths of his soul, burying it under a mountain of other Quirks.

Staring at the sleeping form of the now Quirkless bastard before him, Izuku silently promises himself that he will never use the man's Quirk. But of course, that alone isn't good enough. If he wants to end this, he only has one of two choices. Kill the bastard outright… or start cleaning things up.

Killing the bastard was the easy option. Not just for Izuku, but also for the unconscious man. Even if he didn't know it, even if he had no idea what sort of enemy he'd made in Izuku Midoriya, the hidden successor to All for One… death was too good for him. And Izuku was about to make him wish he WAS dead.

Pushing the bastard and his computer chair away from the desk, Izuku stands in front of it. With the desktop unlocked, he has access to all of the man's files. After a moment's thought, he reaches over and grabs the guy's phone as well, placing it next to the keyboard. Then… he gets to work.

-x-X-x-

Junichiro Gao comes awake with a start, his eyes widening as he sits up in his computer chair.

"Wha-?!"

He cuts himself off, damn near biting his tongue in the process as he wrinkles his nose in confusion. What the hell happened? One moment, he'd sat down at his desk… the next he'd fallen asleep? He'd been just about to spread videos and pictures of that bitch Ryukyu all over the internet! But now… looking to the clock, Junichiro blinks. It's been hours! What the fuck?!

… Well, no matter. He's still sitting in front of his computer, so it doesn't really matter if he gets this shit done now compared to a few hours ago, right? Grinning a wide and wicked grin, the unfortunately named man pulls up to his computer, his fingers moving to the keyboard… only to pause. His desktop was looking a little… barren. Where were all of his carefully curated file shortcuts?

Brow furrowing, Junichiro opens his files properly… only to let out a shout of alarm when all that comes up is a blank system.

"What?! No!"

There must be some mistake! He hastily begins clicking all sorts of places, trying to… to get them back! To figure out where they've gone! Maybe he's just opened the wrong tab? But no. The more he clicks around the screen in a panic, the more he finds there are no answers save for the one staring him right in the face. All of his blackmail, carefully curated over a lifetime of turning people into his personal butt-monkeys… is gone.

Before he can do much more than stare dumbly at the computer screen upon realizing this, his phone begins to blow up with notifications. Blinking, Junichiro reaches over and picks it up, only to find that if he thought things were bad before… they're getting worse.

Message after message is coming in from unknown numbers. Except… he definitely recognizes some of those numbers. They're just not saved into his Contacts anymore for some reason. Feeling a sense of mounting horror, Junichiro flicks open his messages to discover that every single saved communication he had has been deleted. His phone is barren of both contacts and chat history.

Meanwhile, the new messages he's receiving from women he's had wrapped around his fingers for years… they're universally negative and condemning him. They're declaring him an abuser and saying they've had their eyes opened to his awful nature. They're… breaking up with him. Each and every last one of them. Women he considered his property… his slaves. And they think they can break up with HIM?!

But its even worse than that, because he had never limited his Quirk Use to just women. He wasn't gay, but that hadn't stopped him from using and abusing his Quirk to turn some wealthy men into toadies and sycophants that he could rely on to make him money. His entire business was built around using those idiots with better understanding of numbers than him to make his money.

With his Quirk, they not only gave him the bigger share of the pie for little to no work, but he also got away with constantly bullying them. He'd even taken girls off of them that he felt were too hot for them, and they'd just taken it because his Quirk would allow no less.

Not anymore, apparently. Junichiro stares in disbelief at the messages rolling in from his business partners. Apparently, they'd had a recent chat and decided they were cutting him off. And they had the audacity to blackmail HIM with the illegal things he'd done, that they had documentation of, if he didn't fuck right off and never interact with them again.

This… this couldn't be happening. It was patently ridiculous! Some of the messages were talking about SUING him for emotional damages! What the fuck was going on?!

Finally, Junichiro mentally reaches for his Quirk. On top of infecting people with a slow-building addiction to him, it also gave him a sort of mental network of where said infected were in relation to himself. It was a map that spanned great parts of the city, a map he'd spent his entire life cultivating.

… It was gone. Not just the map, not just the numerous people he'd controlled with his Quirk… but the Quirk itself. He reached for it and felt NOTHING. His Quirk… was gone.

Not only that, but so was all his blackmail. Every message he'd sent and received, every video he'd saved to his phone and computer, every last ounce of dirt he'd collected on… more people then he could count. And now all of those people were blowing up his phone, suddenly angry with him in a way they quite literally couldn't be while they were under the influence of his Quirk.

This… this wasn't possible. Junichiro could hardly believe what was happening. Choking back tears, he hastily swipes away the messages STILL coming in and hastily dials One-One-Zero, calling the police. The phone rings for a moment, before someone picks up.

"Hello?"

The voice on the other end sounds dreadfully bored, even as Junichiro gasps, his heart clenching in his chest.

"P-Please… you have to help me!"

"Sir? What is it sir?"

The voice on the other end starts to grow more interested, and Junichiro feels a small smidgen of hope as he forces out the words.

"M-My Quirk… I think my Quirk has been stolen!"

There's a pause on the other end, before the Police Officer he's talking to lets out a sigh.

"… Sure, sir. Your Quirk was… stolen."

He sounds incredulous. Clearly, the officer doesn't believe him. A burst of righteous indignation fills Junichiro as he snarls into the phone.

"I'm telling the truth! I had my Quirk just a few hours ago and now it's GONE, damn it! This is serious!"

"Uh-huh… right. Alright sir, can I have your name? And do you have any idea who might have… stolen your Quirk?"

It's incredibly obvious that the officer is now humoring him, but at least he hasn't hung up. Letting out a shaky breath, tears streaming down his face, Junichiro slowly nods.

"My name… my name is Junichiro Gao. And I think… I think that bitch Ryukyu had something to do with this. She called me shortly before I lost my Quirk you see, and-!"

As soon as he'd said his name, there was tapping in the background, ostensibly the officer looking him up while Junichiro continued rambling on. Only to cut him off mid-sentence a moment later.

"Did you say Ryukyu? The Dragoon Hero?"

"Yes! I-!"

"Sir… misuse of police resources is a very serious offense. Slandering one of our Pro Heroes is even worse. Now, I know it must be hard having been born Quirkless… but that's no reason to make up stories and waste my time."

Wait, what? Junichiro chokes on his own spit.

"W-What?! I'm not-!"

"I'm hanging up now. Be grateful that I'm NOT going to report this to my superiors and have your ass hauled down here and charged."

And with that, the call comes to an abrupt end. For a long moment, Junichiro just stares at his phone in disbelief. Him? Quirkless? He was NOT Quirkless. He wasn't…

Eyes drifting down past his phone to his feet, Junichiro finds himself staring at his pinky toe. It's like he's never seen it before. Especially since he would swear to hell and back that he most definitely did NOT have an extra joint in his pinky toe the last time he looked at it. His entire world shrinks to a pinprick as he stares at the offending toe. His breathing comes out in increasingly heavy panting. He-

-x-X-x-

Standing on the street outside of the bastard's residence, Izuku smiles as a scream of pure horror reaches his ears, echoing through the evening air. It certainly sounds like the scream of someone whose life has just crumbled into a million pieces all around him. With his phone held up to his ear, even the person who he's on a call with hears the scream. Tomura whistles low, before snickering.

"That our guy?"

Chuckling, Izuku sighs in satisfaction.

"Yes, it is."

"Great, sounds like everything went according to plan. Not to worry bro, the League will keep an eye on him to make sure he doesn't somehow manage to crawl out of this hell pit you've dug for him. Hehe, wouldn't do for him to rebound, now would it?"

Smirking, Izuku shakes his head.

"No it would not. Thank you for your assistance, Tomura."

"No problem, bro. Talk to you later."

"Yeah."

The phone call comes to an end… and Izuku turns to face his unexpected tagalong, watching as Momo Yaoyorozu steps out of the shadows, panting noisily and staring at him with a bright red face while openly touching herself.

"That was… so hot, I-zu-ku~ so, soooo hot."

Izuku just raises an eyebrow, as she creeps closer and closer to him.

"Was it?"

He's a little surprised that Momo had stalked him all the way here. Especially since she hadn't followed him from the school, but had caught up with him at some point along the way instead. Still, he'd been aware of her presence for some time now.

"Uh-huh~ you're a big, strong man, aren't you? I love it. I love it so much. Please, Izuku Midoriya… please take me! Right here! Right now!"

That's quite the offer. And certainly tempting after the day he had. See, there's a reason he didn't let the bastard wake up for several hours. Izuku had, after cleaning up the man's phone and computer, gone around the city and cleared up every source of infection he could find. He'd freed dozens of people from the man's Quirk, making sure that no lingering effects would keep them submissive and addicted to him even though he no longer had his previous ability.

Still, it'd made for a long afternoon and evening. And there was something to be said about celebrating a job well done. And yet… wasn't Momo acting a little strange?
Chapter 39: The Imposter
Chapter Text

She takes another step closer, her hand still busy under her skirt and stuffed down her panties. Meanwhile, her grin grows wider as Izuku's eyes narrow.

"My, Momo. What big teeth you have."

She doesn't even miss a beat.

"Hehe! All the better to gobble you up with! C'mon, Izuku! Fuck me! I need it! I neeeeed it!"

He considers it, even with his suspicion building. But in the end… no. No, there are too many issues with this situation. Not least of which he's already had a long day.

"How about tomorrow, Momo. Now's not a good time. Not a good place either. You're the Heiress of a Multi-Billion Dollar International Company. Think of your image. Besides, we'll see each other at school tomorrow, won't we? We'll fuck then… like we always do."

There it is. A flicker as his suggestion that they wait until tomorrow is processed. 'Momo' scowls ever so briefly, before going right back to smiling at him with that sharp grin of hers.

"I can't wait that long, Izuku! Who cares about my reputation, anyways~ It doesn't matter! None of it matters except for you!"

Izuku just grunts at that, even as she bounces forward, her breasts jiggling in her schoolgirl top. She's not wearing a bra, he notes. Her tits are going all over the place within the confines of her shirt.

"I care about your reputation. Don't you remember, Momo? We're going to get married, and you're going to help me take your family for all they're worth. You promised. You can't do that if you're disowned for indecency, now can you?"

Another momentary flicker, the briefest of pauses, and then back to being all smiles.

"Uh-huh. Don't worry I-zu-ku~ I remember my promise. I swear I'll-!"

She finally gets into range of him. What sort of range, you might ask? The sort of range that allows her to finally swing that knife she's been hiding behind her back in her free hand out and attempt to stab it down towards his shoulder. Izuku, of course, is ready for her. His senses enhanced; his body strengthened. He grits his teeth as he moves with rapid speed, catching her wrist with bone-jarring force that has 'Momo' squeaking as she's suddenly caught in his grasp.

"Sorry, I told a fib. Haven't let the real Momo know about my plans to marry her quite yet. We haven't made any promises like that. And we still haven't… because you're NOT Momo Yaoyorozu. Who are you? Reveal yourself!"

There's a pause, as the pretender wearing Momo's face stares at him blankly, clearly shocked to have been found out. Izuku, meanwhile, is trying but failing to figure out just who the hell he's dealing with. He has no clue and that… that's bad. She's obviously been stalking him. She's been following him long enough to know about his relationship with Momo for instance. But who could she truly be? Who-

Izuku's thought processes are abruptly derailed as he watches Momo's face melt away, revealing the young woman underneath. He can't say with absolute certainty that this is her real face… but he believes it is. Mostly because with his hold on her, he can feel her Quirk at work, can feel her rescinding its effect. More than that though? Well, he recognizes the woman in front of him.

"You… you were in the forest that day."

The blonde's eyes widen with happiness, her lips curling back into a toothy, gleeful grin.

"O-Oh! You remember! You did see me! I wondered! I hoped! Ahh… Izuku Midoriya, you're really special, aren't you!"

Eyes narrowing, Izuku's other hand snaps out. The blonde lets go of her knife and it drops into her other hand, allowing her to try to stab him again. But Izuku is ready for her, grabbing her second wrist and trapping her hands both. The knife strains for a moment in her grasp, but ultimately there's nothing she can do. He's far stronger than her.

This was the woman that Izuku had registered in the forest the day he fought and defeated Katsumi Bakugou. After kicking Katsumi's ass, he'd left her to stew in her tumultuous feelings of arousal, shame, and humiliation. And for a moment, he'd used his extrasensory Quirks to make sure she didn't follow him. She didn't, of course… but this girl did. Had she happened upon their battle? Had she been tasked with following him or something? Looking into her wide eyes and staring at her manic grin, Izuku didn't get the impression that she was anyone's agent, to be honest.

… Had she been following him all this time, since that incident in the woods?

"Who are you? What do you want with me?"

Licking her lips, panting noisily in a way that would make it clear how aroused she was if the scent of her lewd desire wasn't already filling his enhanced nostrils, the blonde grins.

"H-Himiko Toga! My name is Himiko Toga! And I want… I want to see you bleed! Please-!"

Izuku's eyes narrow as she tries to kick him mid-word, aiming to use his ironclad grip on her wrists to leap up and kick off his chest. He's able to easily redirect her motion of course, while avoiding that knife of hers as well. Spinning her around, he yanks her back against his chest, frowning. Her Quirk… he's getting a better handle on it now. She can transform into anyone who's blood she ingests. The more blood she drinks, the longer she can pretend to be that person.

… That begged the question of where she'd gotten Momo's blood. Was the other girl okay?

"You… what did you do to Momo? Did you hurt her?"

She squirms against his chest but can't escape his hold.

"A-Aha… aha… n-no! Not yet! Mm, I'd like to see her bleed too… she's so wonderful… so p-perfect for you I-zu-ku~"

The girl… this Himiko Toga… she was insane. But the more Izuku looks at her Quirk, he wonders if that's entirely her fault. Quirks weren't fully understood, not by a long shot. He and his father had a greater understanding of them then most though. Looking at Himiko, really LOOKING at her… he would bet money that her Quirk is influencing her mental state. More than that, it's been doing so for a long, long time.

Yet, he can't dwell on that right now. He doesn't believe her, knowing how her Quirk works. That said, he can't give away he knows how Himiko's Quirk works…

For a moment, Izuku is tempted to give Himiko what she wants, blood letting and all, in the hopes that it might calm her down… but no. He needs to know more than he currently does before he goes and sticks his dick in crazy.

"Tch. Kurogiri!"

It takes less than a moment for a portal to appear before Izuku and Himiko. The blonde squeaks, as he forces them both through it and into Kurogiri's Bar.

-x-X-x-

"Thank you again for this, Tomura. I didn't expect to have to trouble you again so soon, but I found myself blindsided."

"Heh, no problem bro. Always happy to help out. Though I always thought you'd bring one of your other girlfriends here first, haha!"

Izuku smiles at Tomura's joke, but it's something of a wan smile that doesn't really reach his eyes. The two of them sit on a pair of barstools, with Izuku's phone and a police file laid out in front of him.

It's been about two hours since he dragged Himiko off of the street and came here. In those two hours, several things have happened. For one, Izuku had done the most immediate wellness check he could and texted Momo to see how she was doing. He'd gotten a response back in mere moments, and while it was clear she was a little embarrassed to have been spying on him, Rumi, and Ryuko back at UA, she wasn't hurt. She didn't mention a single attack from a crazed stalker.

However Himiko got Momo's blood, she'd apparently done it without interacting with the other girl directly. Which really only left one moment where the blonde could have gotten access. Izuku didn't want to think about it, to be honest. Now that he knew Momo was alright, he could focus on Himiko herself.

That's where Tomura and his League came in. Izuku was supposed to be the next Number One Pro Hero. But he was still a kid. He didn't have the sort of above the board sources that wouldn't raise suspicion. Nana could have made an official inquiry, but it would have taken time and likely have drawn some eyes that Izuku didn't want.

Tomura and his League on the other hand… they could get their hands dirty. They were the ones who had their fingers in all the pies. Including the Police Department. That was where Tomura had gotten Izuku a file on one Himiko Toga on such short notice. The file that Izuku was reading even now, his eyes sliding back and forth across the reports.

Apparently, the girl had suffered a psychotic break a few months ago. Her teachers called her a 'cheerful and well-behaved girl', and she was said to have been a relatively normal student who had plenty of friends. Of course, said friends were quick to distance themselves from her when she was caught taking a box cutter to one of her classmates, after which she used a straw to suck out his blood.

… Yeah, Izuku supposed that would be a rather jarring change for most people to deal with. However… however, it was the reports of how her parents had reacted when questioned by news stations that had him wondering.

Her parents hadn't been shocked. The detective in charge of her case made note of this in the file. Her parents, when questioned by both police and the news, had only apologized and claimed they'd tried their best to help their daughter. They claimed that she was a lost cause, had always been a lost cause… and more than that, they labeled her a demon, a monster in human skin who they had publicly declared on national television they hoped would be put down once and for all before she could hurt anyone else.

They'd disowned her. Parents, abandoning their only child like that. Now, on the one hand, her crimes were rather sick and demented. But on the other hand, by all accounts she'd been a model citizen before she snapped. The parents should have been shocked and horrified, just like her teachers and classmates were. Instead, it was like they'd been waiting for her to turn evil or something. They said it themselves… they always knew she was a lost cause.

With what he was able to glean from her Quirk, Izuku could easily put together the events. Quirks… Quirks liked to be used. That might have sounded strange, as though it was attributing too much of a personality to Quirks. And maybe it was. Except, Izuku and his father knew full well that some Quirks were special. More than that, some Quirks could grow, could evolve, could become something more.

And above all, Quirks liked to be used. Don't use your Quirk? It can wreak havoc on your mental state, and eventually ruin you.

Of course, some Quirks sucked. Some Quirks, if you used them, could be actively detrimental to your own health. Was Himiko's Quirk quite that bad? Perhaps not. Perhaps if she'd simply been raised in a nurturing environment, and if she'd been taken to the right specialists to be trained in the proper use of her Quirk… but no. It was obvious that her parents had caught her using her Quirk at a young age and promptly freaked out. Whether her Quirk had pushed her to cut herself or maybe a small animal so she could see the blood… it didn't really matter.

Her parents had not been supportive. Izuku can easily read between the lines and see exactly what sort of life Himiko Toga had been forced to live. Her Quirk was influencing her from a young age, but it was only after she felt like she was forced to suppress who she really was that it started fucking with her mind something fierce. That she'd fought it for so long, that she'd pushed down the urges and pretended to be a normal girl for so damn long… it was honestly somewhat admirable.

Through no fault of her own, Himiko Toga had been turned into a ticking time bomb. By her Quirk, by her parents, by her environment. And to continue that analogy… she was in the middle of exploding right now. She was a bomb that had gone off and was still going off to this day. If he let her go, she'd probably come after him or those he cared about, forcing him to take drastic action. If anyone else got ahold of her, they'd either kill her or exploit her, more than likely.

"What're you gonna do with her, bro?"

Glancing to Tomura, Izuku sighs as he turns on the stool and looks across the room where Himiko is currently tied to a chair, her arms and legs restrained quite effectively, and a gag stuffed in her mouth. The moment he looks at her, she moans through the gag, all but hip thrusting at him in need. Staring at her, Izuku feels more pity than arousal. She's not in her right mind. Then again, what does her right mind even look like after spending all her life being influenced by her Quirk?

He could… he could take her Quirk from her. He might even be able to modify it given some time. It wasn't something his father could do, but Izuku is not his father. He's been playing around with some of his Quirks. Trying to tweak them. If he could remove the mental component from Himiko's Quirk, he could give it back to her and she would be just fine. Or he could even give her another Quirk from his library.

Though, that all hinged on whether or not the removal of her Quirk would actually fix her mental state or not. Izuku didn't doubt that her Quirk had played a big part in who she'd ultimately become, but he also didn't doubt that her parents had played just as big, if not a bigger part. There was every possibility that taking Himiko's Quirk wouldn't actually help her at all.

But he wouldn't really know until he tried…
Chapter 40: The Imposter Pt. 2
Chapter Text

"I'm going to try and fix her, I think."

The moment the words leave Izuku's mouth, he feels his own sincerity. He knows that this is what he wants to do. Doesn't stop him from getting a little bit embarrassed when Tomura lets out a guffaw of laughter a second later however. Shooting the older boy a half-hearted glare, Izuku ultimately just sighs as his 'big bro' eventually calms down.

Shaking his head, wiping tears from his eyes, Tomura takes one look at Izuku's petulant face and then snickers as he speaks in a teasing voice, lightly mocking in tone.

"Bro, do you hear what you sound like? 'No seriously, I can fix her!'. It's a total meme, bro!"

Yes, he'd known why Tomura was laughing from the moment he'd started. Izuku just rolls his eyes, unable to help the exasperated but also fond smile that spreads across his face at the older boy's antics. It was a little funny… but at the same time, it was this girl's life. Himiko Toga didn't deserve her fate. And Izuku… Izuku wanted to find a way to support her. To help her move on. To maybe help her live a satisfying if not normal life.

With that in mind, Izuku finally pushes off of the bar stool and makes his way across the room. He does so slowly, meandering over to where Himiko is tied to a chair. To be fair… what he's decided to do isn't the easiest path, not by a long shot. His options varied, but he was already dead set on the one that would likely prove the hardest to implement.

After all, it would be child's play to just remove Himiko's Quirk and force her to live without it, to see if that would repair her mental state over time. It would be equally simple to remove her Quirk and replace it with another from his library that didn't have any mental component to it.

But Izuku had already decided to go with Door Number Three. He was going to remove Himiko's Quirk for the purposes of modifying it and then giving it back to her. Was this a good idea? Maybe not… but here he was all the same, approaching her as the blonde watches him with wide, hopeful eyes.

She clearly wants him to have his way with her. She also clearly still wants to stab him and make him bleed. Himiko has more than a few screws loose in that head of hers. Izuku doesn't doubt her obsession with him is very real, just like he doesn't doubt she would most certainly try to harm him if he didn't have her tied up. For this young woman, the two were NOT mutually exclusive.

Still, as he reaches for her, he hates how excited she's getting. She has no idea what's coming and that… that honestly makes him feel a little guilty. As such, before he lays his hands on her he hesitates and shakes his head.

"I'm not going to fuck you, Himiko. Not now. Not while you're thirsting for my blood and picturing me covered in red."

Himiko flushes beneath the gag, the way her eyes flutter making it clear that was exactly what she was imagining right now. Izuku chuckles softly and rolls his eyes. Then, he gets serious again.

"I'm going to take your Quirk. Only temporarily. Only so I can try and modify it. But I'm going to take your Quirk and it's not likely to be fun for you. I'm sorry in advance for any pain you feel from its absence."

THAT garners quite the reaction from the poor young woman. His first sentence makes her go still in abject shock and incredulity. But as he keeps speaking, Himiko seems to realize he's serious. At which point, she starts shaking her head wildly, her eyes going wide as he reaches for her with a sigh.

"Mmph! MMMPH!"

"It's alright, Himiko. It's going to be alright."

With a single touch, the deed is done. Himiko Toga's Quirk, Transform, is now Izuku's. He doesn't rip it away from her or anything like that. He's gotten good at this over the years. He gently pulls it off of her, making sure there's no actual pain as she loses access to an extra limb she's had all her life. That doesn't mean it's not incredibly disconcerting… and horrifying for the bound and gagged young woman.

For a moment, Himiko just sits there in a state of shock. Izuku even wonders if he underestimated the mental effect her Quirk was having on her psyche. If it turned out that just removing her Quirk made her feel better after all, he would have to reconsider whether he was going to give it back, even in a modified form.

… But no. The moment of shock passes and Himiko begins to cry. She looks at him, sobbing brokenly, begging through her gag for him to return it.

"Mmm! Nnngh! Mmmph!"

Izuku tries to give her a reassuring smile, even as he steps back, already mentally manhandling her Quirk within his internal space.

"Just relax Himiko. It's only temporary. I promise, I'll give it back. I just need to modify it first."

This does not appease the young woman he has tied up in front of him. It does not make her feel better. But then, Izuku had known it probably wouldn't. The first option he'd considered, that of removing Himiko's Quirk to see if it would eventually let her live a normal life… that was an option that would have taken weeks if not months to bear fruit. He had never truly expected her to just be fine on the very first day.

That said, Izuku frowns as he focuses on her Quirk. Transform is an interesting Quirk. He has complete knowledge of it now that it's part of his library. It was a pretty versatile Quirk too, except for the blood activation component. It allowed Himiko to mimic everything from a person's body to their voice. Hell, if she got naked ahead of time, she could even mimic their clothing, which was… well, pretty wild.

It did not let her use the Quirks of those she transformed into… but there was potential for it to become more. This was something Izuku was well aware of. Quirks could undergo Awakenings under the right emotional conditions. The proper catalyst could make someone's Quirk stronger, could unlock it's true potential as far as Izuku saw it.

Himiko, if she ever reached the right point, could turn Transform into an Awakened Quirk. It would then likely allow her to use the Quirks of others that she turned into, though there would probably be some sort of condition to it.

Ah, but Izuku was getting distracted. He had promised he would return Himiko's Quirk to her after all, and that was what he was going to do. Just as soon as he'd modified it in a way that would make her less of a psychopathic blood-obsessed yandere.

Unfortunately, that's easier said then done. As Izuku stands there in front of a sobbing, whimpering, tied up Himiko Toga, the most he figures out is that he CAN do it. He can modify Quirks. But it's not easy, nor is it fast. He needs… time with Transform. He needs to have it within his library for longer than five minutes, to dissolve it's hard exterior and let him at its creamy center.

More than that, he can't figure out exactly how he wants to modify it, at least not off the top of his head. This… this wasn't going to be something that he could handle in a half hour. Tch.

Pulling himself back into the real world, Izuku grimaces as he looks down at Himiko. The girl is still crying, but has her head hanging low in defeat now as she sits there still tied to the chair. Izuku frowns… and comes to a decision on the spot. On the one hand, letting Himiko get used to living without her Quirk constantly prodding her might be good for her. On the other hand, forcing her to live without her only constant companion for any length of time was cruel and unusual punishment… even if she probably HAD murdered people.

Letting out a sigh, Izuku steps forward and splays his fingers across Himiko's skull. Before the young woman can react to his touch, he's already sent her into a deep, deep sleep. It's a temporary coma that will end on its own within seventy-two hours… but Izuku intends to be back before that timer runs out anyways.

As Himiko slumps forward further, now unconscious, Izuku looks over to Tomura. The older boy has been watching all of this from the bar and tilts his head to the side questioningly as Izuku finally turns back to him.

"I've taken her Quirk. I'm going to work on modifying it before I give it back to her. That will… hopefully help with the worst of her impulses. But for now, please look after her for me over the course of the next day. She will not wake up until I return."

Chuckling, Tomura gives him a grin and a simple thumbs up.

"Sure bro. You can count on me. Though… jeez, you're not going to get any sleep, are you? I know what you're like, Izuku."

Well, it was already very late. Practically early morning. He might as well stay up and work on Himiko's problem, right? Sure, he knew there was a time lock he had to get past in order to soften up Transform before he could properly work on it, but that didn't mean he couldn't… try and speed up the process, right?

Izuku just shrugs at Tomura's pointed accusation, before glancing at Himiko one final time.

"Thanks Tomura. Kurogiri."

At hearing his name, Kurogiri forms a portal for Izuku to step into, one that deposits him back at his house in his bedroom. Tomura is right though. He doesn't get a wink of sleep before he needs to get dressed and get ready for the day.

-x-X-x-

To be fair… no one notices that he's running on anything less than one hundred percent. And really, one night of no sleep isn't going to kill him. It doesn't even truly affect him. Izuku has a multitude of Quirks that allow him to run on zero sleep for a while, and he's not above using them even if some have detrimental costs.

Nor is he above using Quirks that allow him to essentially run on auto-pilot while he focuses his true attention inward on the problem that is Himiko's Quirk. As the hours go by, Transform… settles down for lack of a better phrase. It 'relaxes' into Izuku's internal space, allowing him to poke and prod it more and more. As it becomes malleable, he's able to pressure it to change in tons of different ways. Like for instance, adding or removing minutes from the length of time that Transform lasts after its user consumes blood.

He's also able to isolate the mental component and keep it from affecting him at all, but he's not able to severe it completely. Not yet anyways. It's too tied into the Quirk, specifically into the part of the Quirk that requires Himiko to drink blood before she can use it.

As Izuku is working on this, his body is going through the paces in the real world. He's distantly aware of going to class at U.A., and even exchanging some small talk with his fellow students. None of them suspect a thing, even as the days goes by. However, when lunch comes… that's when Izuku finds himself dragged to the roof of the school building by one Momo Yaoyorozu. The real one this time.

Reluctantly, he disentangles himself from his work on modifying Himiko's Quirk and pushes his focus back into the real world. As he does so, it's to find Momo on her knees in front of him, sucking his cock already and getting him nice and hard. Izuku, for his part, has one hand atop her head, his fingers sliding around the base of her ponytail and splaying out over her skull.

Letting out a shuddering sigh, Izuku stares down into the heiress' eyes, before giving her a smile. A break was probably just what he needed so that he could approach the project regarding Transform with fresh eyes after lunch was over. Meanwhile, Momo is as eager and enthusiastic as ever, bobbing up and down on every inch of his cock with a gusto. It makes him wonder if she's more interested in making a lunch of his cum then she is of eating one of those two fancy-looking bento boxes that she's set off to the side for them to consume after she's done.

Still, he's not about to deny her this. In fact, he quite enjoys how far she's come. She's still not a very experienced cock sucker, but she's no longer as amateurish as she once was. Hm, had she been practicing on toys or fruits or something? Izuku groans, tilting his head back and letting his eyes drift shut for a moment in enjoyment. Then, he feels it rising up within him.

"Getting close, Momo…"

The black-haired heiress doesn't hesitate to take him even faster into her mouth, until finally she sucks him to completion and drains his balls dry, swallowing every last drop of seed that he has to offer. Izuku groans in appreciation, before watching through lidded eyes as she pulls back off of his cock, licks him clean, and then tucks him back into his boxers and fixes up his pants.

Smirking a little bit, he sits down with her in order to eat the bento she's brought him. However, Momo is quiet as they eat, not seeming to have anything to say. Izuku is just beginning to consider whether he should just slip back onto auto-pilot and return to his library, when she finally works up the courage to speak.

"I-Izuku… will you be my boyfriend?"

Blinking, Izuku looks over at Momo in surprise. To her credit, she's looking at him with determination. She's not the kind of girl who would look away or act shy after asking such a question, he supposed. But then… how was Izuku supposed to answer her, really?

On the one hand… Momo was someone he could see himself marrying one day. For not just the sake of his plans, but also because he liked her as a person. On the other hand… they had yet to discuss the fact that he was getting it on with multiple other women. More than that, Momo KNEW he was getting it on with multiple other women. She'd spied on him not once, but twice so far.

Tilting his head to the side, Izuku decides then and there that he can't keep beating around the bush on this.

"Momo… I know you've been watching me."

The heiress goes still, a bright red blush spreading across her face as she quickly averts her eyes. Finally though, she speaks.

"Y-Yes… yes, I like watching you with other women, Izuku…"

She trails off, but Izuku can tell there's more than that. And so he waits patiently, interested to hear WHY Momo likes watching him with other women.
Chapter 41: Momo's True Feelings
Chapter Text

Finally, Momo speaks.
 
“I didn’t fully understand why I liked seeing you with other women at first, I-Izuku. I had to… do my own research into the subject before I could fully explore my feelings.”
 
Staring down into her bento box, Momo’s blush grows a little more intense. Izuku, meanwhile, stays right by her side, providing silent support for the young woman as she confesses to him. It’s like something right out of an ancient anime, really. The girl confessing to the boy on a rooftop. However… only on the surface. Under the surface, there’s nothing normal about this confession. Some might even try to claim it’s not romantic, though Izuku would be happy to fight them on Momo’s behalf in that regard.
 
Regardless, he’s able to read between the lines. The Yaoyorozu Heiress had gone ahead and looked up porn to try and figure out her fetishes. He wasn’t going to lie… that was kind of hot.
 
“At first, I thought it might be that I enjoyed being… shamed. The first time I caught you with another woman, I was as humiliated as I was aroused. I thought we had something special… but I quickly realized just how much attention you have to give to… t-to everyone around you.”
 
Izuku tilts his head to the side, noting how Momo elegantly dodges around the idea of remotely blaming him for his philandering ways. He doesn’t necessarily feel guilty for ‘cheating’ on her or anything like that. After all, they weren’t in a committed relationship. Momo herself had admitted as much in a round about way when she’d finally asked him to date her just a few minutes ago. Asking him to be her boyfriend now was a tacit acknowledgement that he wasn’t her boyfriend THEN.
 
“I thought… I thought I might be a cuckquean. That was one of the things that came up in my research. The idea that I might be… turned on by being forced to watch and not getting to join in. However… the more I looked into it, the more I realized that’s not the case.”
 
Oh? Izuku blinks in surprise, a little taken aback. In all honesty, from the way Momo had been hiding her peeping from him, he’d begun to wonder the exact same thing. It would appear they’d both been incorrect then, if what she was saying now was true.
 
“After that, I thought it might just be that I liked watching you drill into another woman because I liked watching you in your natural form. Seeing a big, strong man like you fuck other girls raw… it IS hot, d-don’t get me wrong… but…”
 
She trails off for a moment, and Izuku is pretty sure the only reason she doesn’t get any redder in the face is because she CAN’T get any redder in the face. She’s blushing up a storm at this point, and looks like she’s struggling to get past the final hurdle. Smiling softly, Izuku reaches over and laces his fingers through her own.
 
The Class Rep stiffens as he takes ahold of her hand, but when he gives it a good, comforting squeeze, it’s like the tenseness drains right out of her. Her body deflates and she lets out a low sigh as she relaxes, even leaning into his side.
 
“… I know what I like so much about watching you with other women now, Izuku.”
 
Izuku can tell she wants him to ask, so he finally breaks his silence.
 
“What’s that, Momo?”
 
“I-I like… I like seeing you dominate them. I like watching you bend over even Pro Heroes like M-Mirko and Ryukyu and make them your bitches. I like knowing that you’re always in charge. More than that though… I want to help. I want to push down someone like the Rabbit Hero and make her lick my feet while you watch on approvingly. I want to hold her by her big bunny ears and fuck her face on your cock as we kiss and makeout…”
 
Finally looking at Izuku, Momo Yaoyorozu confesses her true, darkest desires.
 
“I want to be your girlfriend… so that I can bring you willing girls and help you dominate them. I want to be your right-hand woman, Izuku. Whatever that entails. Submissive to you… but above e-everyone else in your life. To be an extension of your control… and help you conquer every single horny, needy slut that comes begging f-for your cock.”
 
Well now. That was quite the confession. For a long moment, Izuku just sits there processing Momo’s words as she fidgets at his side. He doesn’t let go of her hand, however. In fact, he’s holding onto her, sure that if he wasn’t, there would be a fifty-fifty chance of the Heiress getting up and sprinting away in embarrassment and fear of rejection.
 
The thing is, he’s not going to reject her. He never would, not in a million years. Call it serendipity, but her wanton, dark desires… line up with his plans perfectly. Sure, maybe there are more experienced women who would work better on paper as his ‘right-hand woman’. There’s Nana Shimura, who his father quite literally gifted him before his… passing. She’s utterly loyal to Izuku and the whole reason he got into UA so easily as well.
 
Then, there’s Mirko the Rabbit Hero. Rumi has already started doing what Momo has been doing, bringing him women. First she’d brought him Mt. Lady, and then she’d brought him Ryukyu. But… when he really thought about it, Mirko wasn’t right-hand material. Neither was Nana. They were both loyal, each in their own way. But Mirko was more akin to a head-hunter that needed to be kept on a short leash… perhaps shorter than Izuku currently had it, though he was still waffling about that. Meanwhile, Nana was too broken and twisted from her experiences to truly be his right-hand.
 
Momo Yaoyorozu on the other hand… she was perfect for the role in a lot of ways. She was his age… and he’d already been considering her for the position of wife. He’d never wanted a trophy wife. He’d always wanted someone who could actually stand by his side and be more than just a pretty accessory to hang off his arm. And Momo was certainly that.
 
That said, he wouldn’t jump into things with her just yet. Especially not when he still had his attention split between this and Himiko Toga’s Quirk, still lurking in the back of his mind, still waiting to be altered.
 
Letting out a low breath, Izuku gives Momo’s hand another comforting squeeze and smiles at her as well.
 
“… I’d be happy to be your boyfriend, Momo.”
 
Her eyes light up, her entire face brightening as her lips curl into a wide smile. Of course, he brings her back down to Earth a moment later.
 
“As for the rest though… I think a demonstration is in order. If you’re serious… I need you to show me that you can do what you say you want to do. That you’re not just saying what you think I want you to hear. Bring me a… willing, hungry little slut as you termed it, and sacrifice her to me. Then I’ll know you’re truly committed. Until then… we’ll be boyfriend and girlfriend, but nothing else okay? No more peeping. No more watching. Not until you’ve done as I said.”
 
He can see the comprehension in her eyes. If she really wants to keep spying on him fucking other women like the voyeur she so clearly is, she’s going to need to earn the right. And after her heartfelt confession about WANTING to offer him up another girl on a silver platter for him to devour… well, there was really no reason she shouldn’t be able to do as he’s said, right?
 
“I-I understand. I will succeed, Izuku. I promise…”
 
Smiling, Izuku nods his head.
 
“I believe you, Momo.”
 
They eat their lunches after that rather companionably. Talking about the things they learned in class and what not. Izuku keeps the majority of his focus on what the two of them are doing now, with only a sliver of his attention dedicated to finding ways to alter Himiko’s Quirk. After all, he’s eating lunch with his girlfriend now, rather than just a female friend who he’s had sex with. So it’s important he give her as much of his focus as possible.
 
Eventually, lunch comes to a close and they return to class, but it’s obvious Momo is riding high for the rest of the day off of their conversation. Equally obvious, at least to Izuku anyways, is the way she’s eyeing up the other women in the class. He considers mentioning that he’s had prior experience with Kyoka and Mina on top of what she caught him doing with Ochaco, but ultimately decides against it. He wants Momo to make her own decisions, and that includes potentially making her own mistakes.
 
Besides, he has enough on his plate as is…
 
-x-X-x-
 
Momo Yaoyorozu has her mission. And she’s chosen to accept it. Now that she’s dating Izuku, she feels like she can take on the world. But more than that… she needs to truly prove herself to him still. They’re in an in-between state at the moment. Sure, Izuku is her boyfriend… but she wants more and he knows it now.
 
She’d been afraid of how he would ultimately react to her confession. Even having watched him dominate not just her fellow classmate but ALSO their teachers, Momo was afraid that he wouldn’t take too kindly to her… trying to but in, or whatever. And yet… and yet, he’d responded positively in the end. And even gave her a task.
 
It was all too fair. She’d told him that she WANTED to bring him sluts, to effectively sacrifice them on the altar to his glorious manhood. Now she needed to put her money where her mouth was and prove her convictions.
 
The only question was… just who was Momo to approach? Did she go for one of her fellow students in Class 1-A? Or did she go for a member of the faculty? For the briefest of moments, she’d considered going after one of her own mothers. She knew for a fact that both women were bisexual. But that didn’t mean either of them would be easy, necessarily.
 
That said, her stepmother, Kazehana… would definitely be easy mode. Convincing the perverted lush to take Izuku for a spin would be simplicity itself. However, dominating her beforehand would be a little harder. Momo was confident that once he got his hands on her and his dick inside of her, Kazehana would submit… but until then, she would treat it like one big joke, Momo was sure of that much.
 
Meanwhile, her mother, Robin Yaoyorozu… she was hard mode. EXTREME hard mode. Momo’s mother was a businesswoman through and through, and it would take a lot for Momo to convince her to take Izuku for a spin. So much that it might be impossible. Certainly, she wasn’t the best option for her first attempted conquest.
 
Likewise, Momo’s big sister was also out. Not because Momo knew for a fact that she would be difficult, but more because Momo knew almost nothing concrete about Yor. She might secretly be a huge submissive slut… or she might not.
 
That left her family off the table. None of them were good options for this first conquest. And yet… Momo was loathe to pick someone from Class 1-A to go after as well. Call it intuition, or maybe just an obvious observation after she catch Izuku and Ochaco together, but somehow the Yaoyorozu Heiress just knew that Izuku had had his way with more than just herself and Uraraka from their Class.
 
And since she couldn’t know for certain who else he might have already dicked down, she shouldn’t risk screwing up the mission. That meant going outside of Class 1-A… and that meant, in the end, Momo knew exactly who she should go after.
 
“Ah! M-Momo! How was your day, today?”
 
It had become something of a daily ritual of theirs. Both of them were Class Representatives after all, so why not get together for a small meeting after school each day to compare notes and what not? It allowed them both to go over the problems they were encountering in their respective classes and also exchange tips and tricks for dealing with certain members of said classes.
 
Of course, there was the other thing… the fact that Itsuka Kendo clearly had something of a massive crush on her, as evidenced by the light dusting of pink on the ginger-haired girl’s face as she valiantly fights down on her naturally bashful reaction and strives to act like a normal person around Momo.
 
Smiling right back at her fellow Class Rep, Momo gives Itsuka a nod.
 
“My day has been wonderful, Itsuka. Though of course, not without its hiccups. Katsumi Bakugo is as much a pain in my ass as ever, but I’ve ranted about her enough to you as is.”
 
Itsuka nods her head as a sympathetic expression spreads across her face.
 
“I’m sorry you have to deal with her. There are some… interesting characters in Class 1-B, but no one like her. She really is the worst, and I’m saying that as someone who’s only had to interact with her a handful of times.”
 
Momo hums at that, before tilting her head to the side. She’s trying to decide how to ask it… but in the end, she ultimately just goes with the bluntest option imaginable.
 
“Itsuka… I wonder, do you like boys? Or just girls?”
 
The ginger-haired Class Rep for Class 1-B goes still at that, her green eyes wide as saucers as she gapes at Momo in disbelief.
 
“W-What?! I don’t… I don’t understand!”
 
She’s rapidly reddening, even as Momo decides to reach over and grab her hand. It had worked when Izuku did it for her, so now she would do it for Itsuka! Of course, taking Itsuka’s hand in hers makes it so that the other young woman looks even redder, and steam practically comes out of her ears as she stares down at their hands.
 
“I know you like girls, Itsuka. And that’s perfectly okay. I was just wondering… do you like boys as well?”
 
Silence falls, as Itsuka squirms and Momo waits for her response. Until finally…
 
“I-I like boys too… yes…”
 
Momo beams at that. Excellent! First hurdle passed!
 
“So do I. Like both boys and girls, I mean.”
 
Itsuka’s eyes dart between their hands and Momo’s face, her fellow Class Rep clearly unsure of what’s going on. Truth be told, Momo is still trying to figure out where she’s going with all of this as well. She wants to offer Itsuka up to Izuku. But she needs to decide what she’s going to tell Itsuka in order to get her on board…
Chapter 42: Momo's First Acquisition
Chapter Text

In an instant, Momo makes her decision. Izuku wanted her to prove herself to him. To prove that she could do what she'd told him she would do, to be what she'd told him she wanted to be. But if she went around throwing his name out like it was some sort of magic spell, then how would that prove anything at all? No, Momo needed to ensnare Itsuka on her own merits. She needed to seduce the other young woman with her own capabilities and make her submit.

And if Itsuka Kendo wasn't interested in submitting… then Momo would go and find another candidate. It wasn't as though she was going to force the ginger girl to do anything she didn't want to do. That said… Momo felt like her best bet here was to come on as strong as possible. They were still holding hands right now, with Itsuka staring at her with wide eyes. But it wasn't enough.

Twisting her hand around, Momo adjusts her grip on Itsuka so that their palms are suddenly facing each other and flat, allowing her to push the other girl back. Not expecting it, clearly caught off guard by just about everything about the situation, Itsuka blinks rapidly as she allows herself to be walked all the way back to the nearest wall.

As soon as her back makes contact with said wall, Momo brings her other hand up and slaps it down hard right next to her head, making the ginger-haired heroine-in-training flinch from the sound.

SMACK!

Smiling coyly, Momo licks her lips as she tilts her head to the side. Even after all that, Itsuka hasn't tried to pull her hand free of Momo's, nor slip out from her. She's positively quivering, in fact.

"… I suppose I should also ask if you're seeing anyone, It-su-ka~"

Elongating her name has its intended effect. Itsuka's face goes bright red, the ginger biting her lower lip as she trembles in Momo's grasp.

"A-Ah… u-um… n-no? I'm not… I-I'm not s-seeing anyone…"

That stutter was unbelievably cute. As Itsuka stammers out her response, Momo is reminded of how she'd acted the first time Izuku had come onto HER. She'd been a little more composed than Itsuka was now… but then to be fair, Izuku had been a lot less aggressive. Having seen how he could really be at this point, Momo could recognize that for whatever reason, Izuku Midoriya had treated her with almost kid gloves in a way.

Was it because he thought she couldn't take it, or because he had greater feelings for her than the others? Momo didn't know one way or the other, truth be told. But she DID know that right now, that wasn't important. What was important was pressing her advantage. And seeing as Itsuka had just confirmed she was currently unattached… Momo decides to do so by going in for a kiss.

She's treated to the sight of Itsuka's green eyes growing even wider as their lips make contact. Her fellow Class Rep is not at all ready for Momo to kiss her, and she squirms briefly as it starts… but she doesn't fight it. Instead, she lets out the cutest little whimpering moan into Momo's lips as the raven-haired heiress dominates the kiss, taking full advantage of Itsuka's shock and embarrassment.

However, was it JUST shock and embarrassment, or was there some level of submission lurking in the other girl's heart? That's what Momo had to know. She had to know if Itsuka was proper sacrifice material. If the ginger wasn't willing to submit to Momo, then she would never be willing to submit to Izuku. However, if she submitted totally and utterly, then this would be a piece of cake. There was also the midground where she reluctantly submitted, but Momo was hoping for one of the other two options so she would at least know fast whether Itsuka was the right candidate.

That said, the heiress untwines her fingers from Itsuka's, finally letting go of the other girl's hand. Itsuka, who is far too focused on the fact that she's getting the ever-living daylights kissed out of her right now, doesn't even notice. Her freed hand falls limply to her side, matching the other one as Momo smirks… and promptly shoves HER freed hand down the front of Itsuka's skirt.

"Mmph!"

As surprised squeal leaves Itsuka's lips, mostly swallowed up by Momo's mouth as the raven-haired heroine-in-training pushes right past her prey's panties as well, her hand cupping Itsuka's mound and her fingers sliding across the other girl's pussy lips.

It's at that time that Momo freezes up. She hates to admit it, but it happens. Luckily for her, Itsuka also freezes up, the two of them both unmoving as Momo's fingers remain in touch with Itsuka's sex. It's just… well, it finally all catches up with Momo. She's really leaping into things with both feet, isn't she? Despite having never done anything like this with a girl before.

She'd seen a lot of porn over the last few days, especially involving her fetishes. She'd needed to put a word, or even a set of words to what exactly she wanted from Izuku. What she wanted to BE for Izuku. So yes, she'd done plenty of research. However, this was her first time doing anything so… hands-on. Especially with another woman.

Momo definitely liked both boys and girls. Specifically, she loved the thought of preparing another girl for Izuku, to prove herself to him. It was an exhilarating thought that filled every fiber of her being with excitement. But even still… to actually DO it was something else entirely from thinking about doing it.

But then… what other choice did she have? She wanted to be with Izuku. But more than that, she wanted to earn the right to help him dominate his other women, to not just watch him fuck them, but also participate in how he fucked them. That was what Momo had told him, and it was the truth. So… she couldn't back down now. She couldn't balk just because she was teasing another girl's pussy while kissing that girl on the lips.

With her resolve firming back up, a strange determination fills Momo. Unfortunately, it was still long enough for Itsuka to realize something was wrong. Their lips have drifted apart as they both stood there, staring into each other's eyes. The ginger-haired Class Rep looks concerned for her, worried even.

"… Momo…"

Itsuka wasn't supposed to be worrying about her. She was supposed to be worrying about what Momo would do to her if she didn't OBEY! A little snarl escapes the heiress' lips, as she promptly shoves two fingers up inside of her fellow Class Rep. Itsuka's eyes widen and she squeaks as her hands grab at Momo's arm for support, her body shivering at the sudden penetration.

"M-Momo!"

This was it. This was now or never. Make or break. Using her other hand, Momo cards her fingers through Itsuka's hair and grabs down hard, gripping tightly at the other girl's ginger locks as she forces Itsuka's head back. Leaning in close, she smiles at her.

"Itsuka. You want to be my good girl, don't you? You want to be obedient."

Whimpering some more, Itsuka looks caught off guard. Momo pushes on however, not letting up for even a second. She even pushes her fingers in and out of the other girl, drilling into Itsuka's wet cunt up to the second knuckle before pulling back again.

"I need to know you'll be good. I need to know you can be taught, Itsuka. Do you want to belong to me? Do you want to be mine?"

Itsuka is now staring down between them, at where Momo is fingering her so aggressively. The ginger-haired girl is panting noisily, her breathing coming out in heaving breaths.

"I… I…"

Momo grunts… and pulls her fingers back quite suddenly, leaving Itsuka empty. She does NOT remove her hand from Itsuka's panties however, merely cupping the other girl's mound.

"Or we can stop right here. If I'm coming on too strong… just say the word. It isn't my intention to make you uncomfortable… It-su-ka~"

With her piece said, Momo settles in to wait. She counts the seconds in her head and decides then and there if she even gets to ten, she'll back off. Itsuka won't be right for this. She won't-

"N-No… d-don't stop… please. I c-can be your good girl. I can… I want t-to belong to you."

In the end, Itsuka doesn't even let her get to three before she speaks. Momo smiles and slides her digits back inside of the ginger heroine-in-training. Itsuka gasps, panting some more as Momo fingers her right there against the wall.

"Good girl. You're my good girl, aren't you?"

Shuddering, her juices positively overflowing across Momo's fingers, Itsuka's eyes are lidded even as she nods her head.

"Y-Yusss… I'll b-be… Momo's… g-good girl…"

She was perfect. Momo smiles, even as she tightens up her grip on Itsuka's hair once more and gives it another firm tug.

"Not Momo. When we're alone… you address me as Mistress, alright?"

Itsuka's pussy walls clench down even harder on Momo's fingers at that command, and Momo knows even before the other girl responds that she's found the perfect candidate.

"Yesss… Mistress…"

Some training and Itsuka would be prepared for Izuku in no time. Momo giggles to herself as she continues dominating the other girl. She could hardly wait~

-x-X-x-

He'd knocked Himiko out for a period of seventy-two hours, but always intended to come back to her before that time ran out and wake her up himself. He'd hoped he would do so after giving back her Quirk, albeit in a new and improved state.

Luckily, that was precisely what he'd returned to Kurogiri's bar in order to do. A room upstairs had been repurposed into a bedroom with a couple of cots. It was onto one of these that Tomura had laid Himiko down to rest, allowing the blonde to sleep the day away none the wiser to what was happening around her.

As Izuku kneels next to Himiko's cot, he considers her sleeping features for a moment. She certainly looks far more peaceful like this. There's neither the lustful desire mixed with the insane need to make him bleed, nor the horrified teary look after he took her Quirk. Letting out a sigh, Izuku brushes a lock out of Himiko's hair and then looks inward, considering her Quirk.

Transform had had long enough now within his repertoire to 'soften up' so to speak. With more time and practice, he might even be able to speed up that time frame, strengthening his ability to modify Quirks alongside stealing and gifting them, both of which were already instant for him. Regardless, for now… he considers the change he thinks will be most impactful to Himiko. He HAS been considering it all day long, and he's come up with an idea of sorts.

See, Himiko's Quirk demanded that she drink the blood of her victims in order to be able to Transform into them. No blood, no Quirk Use. And most Quirks LOVED to be used. So of course, it had constantly pushed Himiko to seek out blood, and that had eventually evolved into a full-blown complex rather than just a need to use her Quirk. She was addicted to the sight of blood, to the taste of blood, to the… everything of blood.

But what if her Quirk was no longer pushing her to seek out blood at all costs? What if instead, her Quirk was a lot laxer? Reaching within him, Izuku takes Transform and tweaks it. His idea for doing so comes from the way All Might gave him One for All, all those months ago. Izuku hadn't had to drink All Might's blood in order to be granted his Quirk, though he probably could have. No, instead, all he'd had to do was eat a couple of strands of the Number One Hero's hair and… viola. Quirk Transferred.

That's what he does with Transform. He makes it so all Himiko has to do is consume the DNA of her targets in order to be able to transform into them for a time. Hair is fine now for her. So is even a drop of sweat. Hell, even fingernails… but god, that would be particularly gross. Izuku assumes hair will be Himiko's focus, now that she's not being pushed into her constant need for blood by her Quirk.

With the Quirk altered, Izuku reaches out and touches Himiko, putting the Quirk back where it belonged. It slots into her quite easily, given it was her Quirk in the first place. As it fits back into place, Izuku uses his other Quirks to study her for a moment, just to make sure nothing is going wrong on the inside. When she doesn't abruptly develop Super Cancer or anything like that, Izuku slowly nods… and then finally reaches out and touches Himiko's forehead, waking her up.

The blonde's eyes slowly peel open, staring up at the ceiling as she lays there on the cot. Izuku kneels there beside her and waits… until finally, her gaze shifts over to him. The moment she notices him, she reels away, immediately scampering off of the cot and backing all the way up to the furthest wall. Izuku is fine with this, he's between her and the door and has a dozen Quirks that will let him disable her besides.

Holding up his hands, he offers her an apologetic smile.

"Sorry Himiko, but it's back now. I returned your Quirk. You can feel it, right?"

Himiko bites her lower lip and then her eyes go unfocused for a moment before she shakily nods, staring at him in confusion.

"Feels… d-different."

Good. Or at least, Izuku thinks that's good. He beams and proceeds to explain what he'd done. How her Quirk had been altered before he'd returned it. How she no longer needed blood specifically in order to make her Quirk work.

He goes on to explain what he believed of what her Quirk was doing to her. How it had forced her to develop a dependency on it by giving her an addiction to blood, whether it was the sight of blood, or the taste, or the smell.

Himiko listens in silence the entire time. At some point, she slowly stands up, using the wall behind her to push herself to her feet. Izuku does the same, continuing to talk as Himiko licks her lips, clearly considering what he's saying.

Eventually, he runs out of things to say. Eventually, his explanation runs its course and he's left standing there, waiting for Himiko Toga's response.

"So… how are you feeling?"

Himiko blinks at that, before looking down at her hands and herself for a moment blankly. When she finally lifts her gaze again, Izuku lifts an eyebrow in response to the look on her face.

"I…"
Chapter 43: Himiko's New Groove
Chapter Text

"I feel… good."

A smile of relief spreads across Izuku's face, though he's still a little disconcerted by how surprised Himiko looks to be saying those words. How long had she had the whispering voice of her Quirk in the back of her mind?

"It was… so hungry. I never even knew just how hungry it was but now… it's finally quiet. It's not asking for blood anymore."

Letting out a shuddering breath, Izuku nods.

"Good. That's… good. I'm glad to have helped. It couldn't have been easy for you, but maybe now you can live something somewhat resembling a normal life…"

He trails off as Himiko shakes her head back and forth, a slight frown spreading across her features.

"No. There's no going back for me. My parents… society itself has rejected me. They'd sooner lock me up then let me go free."

Well, he couldn't exactly deny it. Maybe he'd gotten ahead of himself there a little bit. A 'normal life'? Even he wasn't living anything remotely approaching a normal life. All things considered… Himiko would probably just have to settle for being free of her Quirk's former level of influence, as well as free of the police. He could do that much at least.

"I won't let that happen. You're safe here, Himiko. As long as you want to stay, you have a place here."

He's not worried about promising more than he can afford. Tomura will back him up one hundred percent of the time, because that's the sort of man he is. Izuku has a hands off approach when it comes to his adoptive older brother and his League, but they both know who's really in charge at the end of the day. More than that though, they're not the kind of siblings to quibble over that sort of thing. Brothers support each other. Simple as that.

Himiko looks startled for a moment, before smiling softly. Izuku feels a slight tension building at the nape of his neck and is confused where it's coming from for a second before realizing Himiko has a bit of her old look in the way she's looking at him now. She said the hunger was gone, but that… there's still some hunger in her eyes.

Slowly, carefully, Himiko steps forward. Putting one foot in front of the other, she crosses the room, stepping around the cot and towards him. Apparently, she's gotten over her fear of him removing her Quirk again in record time. Either that or the fear is completely overshadowed by something… else.

"You continue to draw me in, Izuku Midoriya. Your words, your actions, your everything… you're the most real person in this whole wide world."

Izuku frowns at that, even as he prepares himself in case Himiko has been putting on an act. If she attacks him, it's back to the drawing board. He hopes that's not what happens, but he's also not going to be caught off-guard.

"I have many façades, Himiko. I'm not nearly as real as you might think I am. If you've been following me for a while now, you should know that I wear many different hats."

She's standing right in front of him now and her hand comes up. Izuku tenses but doesn't stop her when she puts her palm on his chest, just gently touching him. After a moment she nods, acknowledging his point.

"But you refuse to compromise… it's beautiful to watch. To exist in the same space as you."

He's not sure what she's talking about. He compromises all the time. But before Izuku can disagree with her again, Himiko suddenly leans in, her lips inches from his as she stares at him with wide-eyes.

"P-Please… may I kiss you?"

On the one hand, he'd thought her obsession with him would break now that her Quirk was no longer demanding his blood. That it hadn't was a little troubling and certainly quite worrying. On the other hand, Himiko had graduated from trying to stab him to actually asking for permission. Which was a massive step in the right direction as far as Izuku was concerned.

In the end, he couldn't deny the girl. She'd fought like hell to get to this point, and given his numerous other relationships, he would be a shit-heel if he rejected Himiko despite accepting all the others. Still, he's a little hesitant all the same.

"You may… but let's take it slow Himiko. Alright?"

Her eyes still wide as saucers, Himiko just nods… and then leans in to press her lips against his. The kiss is experimental, for lack of a better word. Her tongue works its way across his teeth, and then intertwines with his tongue. As she's kissing him, Izuku grabs Himiko by the wrists, and then transitions smoothly into holding her hands. Their fingers interlace together, causing her to freeze at the sudden intimate contact.

Still, he figured it was best to give her hands something to do so they didn't revert to muscle memory and try to attack him or something. And indeed, that seems to work quite well. They kiss for quite a while without incident, with Izuku allowing Himiko to take the lead on that front. Until finally, the blonde pulls back for air… and begins to kiss along his jawline and chin instead.

Izuku lifts an eyebrow, and he has to admit he's a little leery about having Himiko's teeth at his neck as she kisses down from his jaw… but he holds himself still, letting her do as she pleases. It's a show of trust, and something that Izuku thinks Himiko needs at this point. She needs to know that he believes in her. She needs to know that he knows she's no longer beholden to her darker impulses.

Slowly, still holding hands with him, Himiko lowers herself to her knees. The entire while, she keeps throwing glances up at Izuku, as though she expects him to stop her at any time. But this is her rodeo, he's decided. Which means he's not going to stop her unless she becomes violent and he has to.

That said, once she's kneeling before him properly, her eyes fixated on his crotch. She glances at either of her hands, still intertwined with his and for a moment, Izuku assumes she's going to pull free. But she seems loath to do so, her face scrunching up and her grasp of his hands actually getting stronger as she grips down all the more tightly.

In the end, Himiko leans forward and insists on only using her mouth and teeth to begin unbuttoning and unzipping his pants. It takes quite a while for her to do so admittedly. She's obviously not had to do something like this before, and if she HAD been practiced or experienced in this sort of thing, he would probably have been a little disturbed.

Regardless, she uses just her mouth to get first his pants open, and then pull his boxers down. When his cock finally flops out of its confines and slaps down across Himiko's face, she doesn't flinch away or whimper in pain or anything like that. No, she gasps in delight, going cross-eyed just trying to stare at it. Her tongue slips out and licks at the underside of his twitching member for a moment, just a quick lap, before she focuses on his face again.

"M-May I?"

Chuckling at the overly cautious Himiko Toga he's now dealing with, Izuku nods his head in easy agreement. This prompts the red-eyed blonde to begin nuzzling his cock and moaning, before ultimately she slides his dick off of her face so she can properly take him in her mouth. All the while, she's still holding onto his hands for dear life, as though they're her safety blanket. As she sucks in her cheeks and begins to bob up and down his cock, Izuku groans, enjoying the… show of appreciation that Himiko is currently giving him.

She didn't have to do this. She didn't have to do anything she didn't want to. But Izuku wasn't the kind of man who turned down an offer from a cute young woman like Himiko. In the end, he hadn't gone out of his way to fix her Quirk because he wanted to fuck her… but he certainly wouldn't pass up on the opportunity when she was just oh-so-grateful to him.

"Glughk! Glughk! Glughk!"

In no time at all, Himiko is gorging herself on his cock. She's really going to town on his dick, leaving Izuku groaning all the louder as she swirls her tongue this way and that. She's not any more experienced at fellatio than she was at kissing, but what she lacks in skill, she makes up for with enthusiasm and an eagerness… as well as not knowing when to quit. Deep-throating his member, her eyes threaten to roll back in her head as she quite literally chokes herself to the point of almost passing out on his cock.

Any time she seems like she's going too long without coming up for air, Izuku pulls back a little bit, forcing her to breathe as she tries to follow him. But ultimately, it's still Himiko's show and he's still letting her take this at her own pace. It's just that her own pace is positively insane.

It's not long before Izuku is grunt as he nears the point of no return. Not long at all until finally he lets out a hoarse shout and begins to cum. He tries to warn her, but his words wash over Himiko like nothing. She does not stop, she does not slow down. In fact… she outright guzzles his seed like it's the best thing she's ever had, drinking it down nonstop as she stares up at him with what might as well have been heart-shaped pupils in her eyes.

… Tch, he hadn't thought about that, had he? He needed to be careful to make sure he didn't help Himiko trade one addiction for another. Still… better cum than blood, he figured. And so long as it was her choice and not the choice of her Quirk… he supposed he could make it work.

As she comes off of his cock with a pop, licking her lips wolfishly, Himiko moans.

"More…"

Chuckling, Izuku just nods at that, hoisting her up to her feet by the hands he's still holding.

"Your wish is my command."

-x-X-x-

Katsumi Bakugou has not been having an easy time of it of late. She didn't understand where it had all started to go wrong. She'd made it into UA, hadn't she?! She'd gotten a super high score on the Entrance Exam too! They'd told her she got the highest combat points score in the entire exam, even! Of course, there was the mention of some hidden thing called 'rescue points', but fuck that shit. She'd beat their little exam, and handily too.

And yet… and yet, when her first day at UA had arrived, HE had shown up to ruin it. Izuku fucking Midoriya. The bastard had dared to ruin her big moment. That useless Deku didn't get to breathe the same air as her, let alone go to the same Hero School as her!

Or at least, that's what she'd been thinking when she'd challenged him to that complete mess of a fight. She just… she needed to get rid of him. It didn't matter if he'd somehow gotten stronger or suddenly developed a Quirk. She couldn't be in the same space as him, she refused.

Unfortunately, things had not gone according to plan. She'd lost their duel and quite badly at that. Even blowing off his clothes hadn't stopped him. It hadn't done anything but accidentally expose Katsumi to just how ripped the useless Deku had gotten. And in the wake of her defeat… she wasn't even allowed to call him Deku anymore! Ugh, the whole situation was a crapshoot.

And then the Battle Trial had happened and she'd got her ass beat yet again. And that exchange between them had happened.

Not in a million years.

It was a childish response to her enraged expletives. It shouldn't have meant anything. And yet it had stuck with her. Just like the way he kept kicking her ass was sticking with her. Katsumi Bakugou hated herself for it. She loathed her weakness. She was not supposed to be some pathetic, lovesick brat who got off on… on LOSING all the time!

Trudging up to her front door, head hanging low, Katsumi grumbles as she makes her way inside her house quietly for once. Her normal boisterous "I'M HOME" followed by a door slam and an argument started with her mother is nowhere to be seen. She's just not in the mood.

She's definitely NOT thinking of going straight to her room and doing anything o-on her bed though! No sir! She's just… she's just going to do homework. And she's going to keep Izuku Midoriya and his smug handsome face out of her head.

That's the plan anyways. But no plan survives contact with the enemy.

"-t able to answer right now. Leave a message after the beep." BEEEEEP~

Stopping dead in her tracks as the voice of the very man she was just thinking about hits her ears, Katsumi's eyes go wide as she stares at the wall. It takes her a second to realize it was just Izuku's voicemail. A prerecorded message. But then… who was calling the bastard in HER house?

"A-Ah… mm, Izuku… I just wanted to… see if you might be available. I still have s-so much to apologize for. I want to… m-make it up to you~"

Her mother's breathless tone has her sounding like she's on the verge of crying. Eyes wide, Katsumi carefully and quietly makes her way towards Mitsuki's voice, eventually peeking through a doorway to see the older woman laid out on the couch… and touching herself.

"I'm t-touching myself right now just thinking about you. I've got my fingers in my s-slutty little pussy. It's begging f-for your cock. Mm, my daughter w-will be home soon… calling r-right now is dangerous, isn't it? But I don't mind. I want you, Izuku. I want you to fuck me again."

A-Again?! AGAIN?! Katsumi damn-near explodes right then and there, but instead her eyes wide and her mouth open, she just stands there frozen, listening on in mortification and horror… and perhaps just a little intrigue.

"I-I won't take up too much of your time… just call me b-back whenever you're free."

With that, Mitsumi Bakugou hangs up the call and leans back on the couch, eyes drifting shut as she continues playing with herself, touching her tits and her slit at the same time, moaning Izuku's name under her breath. Katsumi just stands there, not sure what to do. Not sure how to react or… or move forward.

Izuku Midoriya had fucked her mother. Izuku Midoriya had fucked her MOTHER!

(Izuku Midoriya had fucked her mother… before her.)
Chapter 44: Katsumi Bakugou
Chapter Text

"What the fuck are you doing, you old hag?!"

All but exploding into the living room, Katsumi snarls at her mother as Mitsuki Bakugo goes still in response. Then, fast as can be, the older woman is up on her feet, fixing up her clothing in record time as she hurries to hide the evidence of her… of her infidelity!

Not that Katsumi actually cared that her mother was cheating on her father. No, it was more about who Mitsuki was cheating WITH!

"Katsumi… I didn't expect you to be home q-quite so soon."

That was a fucking lie. She'd heard what Mitsuki had said over the phone. She'd used Katsumi's impending arrival as fucking masturbation fuel, the bitch! Growling, Katsumi pushes that aside, choosing to get to the heart of the matter instead. Stomping forward, she gets right in her mother's face. She knows she has the bitch on the ropes. Mitsuki is putting on a brave face, but she's already faltering.

"Deku?! You're fucking DEKU of all people?! What the actual fuck?! How does that even happen?! He's absolutely worthless, nothing but a limp dicked pussy who-!"

SLAP!

Katsumi is cut off when Mitsuki suddenly slaps her across the face. The younger of the two women goes wide-eyed at this. Her mother and her have a physical sort of relationship. They wrestle all the time, with Mitsuki more often than not getting Katsumi in an armbar and grinding her knuckles into the top of the younger woman's head.

But slapping? Mitsuki has never slapped her before. And suddenly, while it had initially seemed like she had the older woman right where she wanted her, Mitsuki was in Katsumi's face instead of the other way around.

"You don't get to talk about him that way you little cretin. You don't get to call Izuku Midoriya names or say he's worthless when you and I both know it's a fucking lie."

The vehemence in her mother's voice makes Katsumi blink in shock. She's used to having an altogether antagonistic relationship with the other woman, but never before has she seen Mitsuki point such a venomous, disappointed look her direction.

"I know about the bullying, Katsumi. I know that you did everything in your power to make Izuku's years in middle school a living hell. I can't believe that the girl I raised would act like that… but don't even try to deny it. I know the truth."

Katsumi stiffens… and then sneers.

"Why would I deny it? Useless Deku had it-!"

SLAP!

Again! For fuck's sake! Before she can finish the sentence and get out 'coming', Mitsuki slaps her again, making Katsumi snarl and take a few steps back.

"Quit slapping me you bitch!"

Holding up her hand in a fist, Mitsuki shakes it angrily at her daughter.

"I should do a lot more than that, you little cunt! I should take you over my lap right now and spank your ass until it's raw and red for all the shit I've found out you've been up to over the years! Izuku Midoriya was your FRIEND Katsumi! You don't just toss friends aside! I never should have let you abandon him like you did, but I never thought you'd have it in you to treat him like trash after the fact!"

Katsumi bristles, opening her mouth to declare that Izuku WAS trash… but Mitsuki raises her open palm in warning and on instinct, Katsumi's mouth clicks shut. Before she can second guess herself (like hell is she letting her mom intimidate her now, she's never let it happen before) Mitsuki crosses her arms over her chest.

"I went to Izuku to apologize for your bullshit, Katsumi. He's grown into a fine young man. One thing led to another… and I saw a way to make up for my part in all of this."

Katsumi blinks before narrowing her eyes.

"Your part? What the hell are you talking about?!"

Mitsuki just scoffs, as if it's supposed to be obvious.

"I let you get away with this shit, didn't I?! I'm your mother, which means I'm to blame for your bullying as much as you are. Especially since Inko Midoriya is one of my friends, and you were treating her SON like shit. You remember her, don't you?! Your Auntie Inko!"

Katsumi flinches at that. Inko Midoriya had never been anything but nice to her, admittedly. But that was neither here nor there. For 'Auntie Inko' and fuck Deku too! And fuck her mom if she thought she was just going to stand here and take this!

"Ugh, you know fucking what?! Do whatever you want! Fuck Deku for all I care! I don't give two shits-!"

This time, when Mitsuki goes to slap her, Katsumi catches her wrist and sneers… only to miss the second slap as it comes from the other side.

SLAP!

"You old hag-!"

"Quiet! This isn't like our usual fights, Katsumi! So be quiet and listen! You want to know why I keep slapping you? Because I know EVERYTHING! Including the little duel you and Izuku had after your first day at UA. How he beat you… and how you PROMISED to never call him Deku again!"

Katsumi flushes at that, some of the fight going out of her. Those had been the terms, yes. But damn it all… he'd cheated o-or something!

"And you know how I found out about it all in the first place? You know why I reached out to Inko about meeting and talking with Izuku? It's because I caught you."

Katsumi goes stiff and wide-eyed at that, as her mother leans in nice and close.

"I caught you masturbating over your little defeat in your bedroom the other week, Katsumi. I caught you BEGGING Izuku to fuck you while you drilled your cunt with those fingers of yours."

N-No. That wasn't… she hadn't…

But Mitsuki just grins, as if knowing exactly what Katsumi was going to say in her defense.

"Oh sure, you didn't outright say it. In fact, there was a lot of cursing involved wasn't there? But I'm your mother. I can read between the lines, Katsumi. You've got a fucking crush on Izuku Midoriya. You like that he kicked your ass. You want him to do it again. You want him to do MORE than kick your ass, don't you?"

Trembling now, Katsumi… Katsumi whimpers. It's an uncharacteristic sound from the normally explosive blonde, and Mitsuki blinks, taken slightly aback by it. Her face grows somewhat expressionless, as she finally pulls away from Katsumi entirely.

"Yeah, I'm fucking Izuku Midoriya. And I know you want him to fuck you too, Katsumi. So I suppose I'm left wondering… where does that leave us?"

Katsumi's mouth opens and closes, but no words come out. Where did that leave them? Where did that leave HER?

-x-X-x-

A fair distance away, unaware of the confrontation taking place between mother and daughter, Izuku Midoriya pushes Himiko down onto the cot where she'd been asleep while he'd messed with her Quirk. The red-eyed blonde giggles as he does so, licking her lips some more as she spreads her legs nice and wide for him.

The two of them are completely naked at this point, not a stitch of clothing left on them. As Izuku leans over her, his cock, rock hard and throbbing again, flops down between her legs, landing atop her pussy mound. Her sopping, slippery, dripping wet pussy mound. Himiko gasps from the contact, even as Izuku pauses and tilts his head to the side.

"I wasn't expecting you to already be this aroused, Himiko…"

Letting out a melodic moan, the young woman squirms underneath him.

"Of course I am, I-zu-ku~ Your cum was absolutely delicious! It's got me soooo turned on. Please… please don't' hold back on my account. I want it. I want you inside of me!"

Well… it seemed that most of her personality was still the same. She was still a teensy, tiny bit unhinged. But maybe that was okay. No one HAD to be normal, and frankly Izuku was already surrounded by a bunch of women with their own idiosyncrasies. He didn't do normal himself, so it would be silly to expect anyone in his orbit to be normal either.

That all said… as Izuku slots his cock against Himiko's slit and begins to thrust in, he does keep an eye on her. She's all moans and mewls now, squirming and writhing away underneath him… but at the same time…

"Any… urges, Himiko?"

Blinking, she looks up at him in confusion, forcing Izuku to clarify as he slowly slides more of his cock inside of her.

"Any desire to find the nearest sharp object and paint us both red with my blood?"

Her eyes light up in realization and she blushes before nodding.

"O-Oh! Ah… no, I suppose not."

After a moment of furrowing her brow in thought, a look of wonder spreads across her face.

"W-Wow… I have… all this love for you… but not one bit of me wants to see you bleed. I don't want to hurt you, Izuku. I just want to make you mine. And be yours."

The broadest smile yet spreads across the broken young woman's face, and she reaches up, wrapping her arms around his neck as he meets her halfway and lets her pull him down into a tongue-filled kiss. He's happy that she's happy, and he's more than willing to bask with that feeling of satisfaction with her. Though if he's being honest, he's even happier that she's no longer so damn incentivized to take a knife to him or anything like that.

He would have felt odd if he had changed Himiko too much. Obviously, change was a fact of life. No one stayed the same, no matter what. But there was a difference between changing and being changed. The difference between internal and external pressure and forces, he supposed. Obviously, he was an external force that had come in and removed an internal pressure that Himiko had been laboring under.

Now, hopefully, she could be a lot happier about not just herself, but everything in her life. As he kisses her, their tongues entangling together and their bodies intertwined, Izuku makes sure to give her as much pleasure as he possibly can. Starting by soundly fucking her into the cot.

Himiko moans into his mouth as he does so. She lifts her legs up into the air, her toes curling as she wraps them around her waist. His cock pistons in and out of her clenching pussy and the blonde shudders beneath him as her inner walls flex and clench all the while. He fucks her for quite some time, having already cum once in her mouth. Indeed, he could continue going for some time longer… but he's not trying to exhaust her or anything like that.

As he fucks her, Himiko spasms beneath him, experiencing more than one climax at the end of his cock. Eventually, he deems their time together well-spent and decides it's about time for them to begin winding down… only to blink in surprise when Himiko pulls back at that point, seemingly detecting that the conclusion of their sexual intercourse is rapidly encroaching.

"W-Wait… please… if you're going to cum… cum in my mouth, o-okay?"

It's the latest in a laundry list of red flags, and even as Izuku pulls out of Himiko and moves up the length of her body… he grabs her by her hair and holds the tip of his dick away from her lips.

"Himiko… are you becoming addicted to the taste of my seed?"

The blonde freezes and then blushes, squirming for a second on the cot under him.

"I… uh… m-maybe?"

Should he stop that? Should he take her Quirk back again and try to change it further? But no… no, he had already decided he would make this work, hadn't he? Nobody was perfect. Chaos was always a factor. Izuku could try and control everything… but the truth was, that was impossible.

Gracing Himiko with a kind smile, he places the tip of his cock against her lips and watches as she greedily inhales his dick. A moment later and he's cumming, letting her drink down his seed yet again. Sure, she was trading one addiction for another… but it was better than blood by a wide margin. Better that she have the unenviable urge to drain his balls into her belly, than to cut him or anyone else open to see their blood spill out of them.

It was a… much healthier coping mechanism, as he saw it. Though, something else does come to mind, even as Himiko is guzzling down his seed.

"Himiko… you already know about Momo. You should be aware, she's far from my only woman. And there will probably be a lot more down the line too. I don't even know how many it'll be in the end."

Looking up at him, Himiko continues to suckle at his cock until there's nothing left, before pulling back with a gasp. As she lays there under him, nuzzling his softening dick and panting noisily, the blonde licks her lips… and nods.

"I-I understand. It would be… criminal to try and hoard this delicious cock all to myself. Just… please don't forget about me?"

She looks uniquely vulnerable in that moment, her face framed by his cock pressed against her cheek. Sighing in relief, Izuku chuckles and shakes his head.

"Never, Himiko. How could I ever forget about you?"

That makes her brighten up considerably and before he knows it, she's taken him back in her mouth for Round Three. In the end, Izuku indulges her until it's rather late in the evening. Then, he reintroduces her to Tomura. Himiko is right, she can't live a normal life. But with the League at her side, she'll be happy… and he's promised to visit her plenty and also let her come over to his place sometimes if she needs her 'fix'.

Specifically, he's given her permission to sneak into his bedroom in the morning and suck him off if she wants to. Izuku just warns her that there's every possibility he might react in a half-conscious state and restrain her before she can properly suck him off. Himiko seems to take that as a challenge though.

It's only as he's heading home to get some shut eye that he finally listens to the message from Mitsuki Bakugou. She sounds desperate in the first one… but there's a second one a little while after it where she sounds more composed.

"Izuku, sir… I really want to see you again. I want to give you everything I have. Please, can we meet tomorrow at my place so you can fuck me silly on my marital bed?"

The earnest desire in her voice makes his cock twitch, he won't lie. But while he's interested… part of him wonders if he shouldn't just leave Mitsuki hanging, to make the older woman sweat. He's got enough going on as is, he doesn't need Katsumi's mom constantly pestering him all the time for hook ups.
Chapter 45: Katsumi Bakugou Pt. 2
Chapter Text

After a moment, Izuku snorts at himself. Who was he kidding? Fucking Mitsuki Bakugou wasn't that much of a hardship. No, in fact, plowing the horny, cheating MILF silly was quite the treat if he was being honest. Rolling his eyes in amusement, Izuku shoots off a quick text, not bothering to actually call her. He lets Mitsuki know that he'll be by tomorrow afternoon and that she had better be ready for him when he is.

Her response comes immediately, making Izuku roll his eyes a second time at how overly eager the bitch is. He's going to have fun fucking her silly, oh yes he is…

Setting his phone down for the night, Izuku lays his head down upon his pillow and goes to sleep.

-x-X-x-

The next day at school, nothing much of note happens… which is in and of itself sort of 'of note'. Specifically, Momo doesn't approach him even once during the day, leaving Izuku somewhat concerned. However, she does shoot him a few glances, biting her lower lip… and when he makes eye contact with her, she smiles, blushes prettily, and nods.

Izuku imagines that must mean she's hard at work on the task he'd set before her and doesn't think she's allowed to approach him until she succeeds. That definitely wasn't the impression he'd been trying to give, but eh, no use worrying about it now. From the smile and nod, he assumed she was making progress still. If she suddenly looked downtrodden or worried, Izuku would approach Momo himself and make sure she was alright.

On the other hand, Katsumi also keeps on staring at him the entire day but without actually confronting him. It's incredibly weird behavior, especially when his senses tell him that the normally bombastic blonde is aroused the whole while. Not one insult leaves her lips… not even a single exclamation manages to come out of her all day long.

Some of the other students of Class 1-A are even looking at her strangely by the day's end, but Katsumi barrels out of the room the moment the last bell goes off, not allowing anyone to stop her or talk to her as she races away as fast as she possibly can.

Izuku finds that to be weird… right up until he gets to Mitsuki's place later that afternoon. Walking up to the Bakugou Household, he knocks on the door. There's a brief pause as he senses someone coming up on the other side… and then its thrown open and Izuku can only stare at Mitsuki Bakugou dressed in a sheer nightie with a lacy bra and panty set underneath it. She blushes and poses for him for a moment where anyone passing by on the street could see her… and then she loses her nerve a moment later and hurriedly grabs him by the hand, pulling him inside.

Izuku lets her… even as he can tell they're not alone in the house. A frown tries to worm its way onto his face, but he suppresses it for the time being, hiding his true reaction. Was this… some sort of ambush? Or maybe a sick game? Mitsuki doesn't say a word as she tugs him upstairs towards the Master Bedroom. Her heart is racing a mile a minute in her chest though, and there's tension in every fiber of her beautiful MILF body.

As soon as they enter the bedroom, Izuku gains far more clarity on what's going on. The other person in the house is hiding in the closet… and they are female. More precisely, he knows exactly who it is. He recognizes her smell. He recognizes her everything, really. Katsumi Bakugou is hiding in the closet… bound and gagged.

Izuku can't help but blink for a second at that last part. As his Extrasensory Quirks register the rope and ball gag that Katsumi is currently trussed up with, Izuku's brow begins to furrow for a moment. Surely… surely Mitsuki isn't forcing her daughter to do this, is she? Surely Katsumi, given her Quirk, wouldn't be susceptible to such a thing?

Looking more closely… no. Izuku doesn't think Katsumi has been forced into this position. Not only does he have her behavior throughout the day to go off of, but also… she's tied up in such a way that her hands are bound in front of her instead of behind her. And said hands are currently BOTH between her thighs, desperately working away at her drooling cunt as she spies on him and her mother through the crack in the closet door.

"Izuku?"

He's slowed down time so he could take all of this in, but even with all of that extra reaction time in his head, Izuku has paused long enough to make Mitsuki worry. The beautiful MILF has turned and sat on the edge of her marital bed, facing him as she spreads her legs apart, showing off her beautiful body, clad in only the flimsiest of garments.

Her lingerie is less clothing and more an excuse to ravage her… but now that he knows Katsumi is watching, Izuku has to admit, he's been thrown for a loop. But… he gets over it quite quickly. Finding his equilibrium takes all of a moment more, and then he's striding forward and reaching out to grab Mitsuki by her hair.

The MILF gasps as he yanks her head back and leans in, kissing her deeply on the mouth with plenty of tongue. The angle for Katsumi to see this is perfect, giving the hidden young woman quite the show. However, what Katsumi can't see is Izuku speaking out of the other side of his mouth. And she certainly can't hear him either. Only Mitsuki can.

"Don't react to this. Springing an audience on me is most unappreciated, bitch."

Mitsuki jolts as if struck and despite his order, when he finally pulls away, she looks at him in dismay and fear.

"I-!"

But then his words truly catch up to her, and she clams up, silencing herself as she blushes most severely. Which is good, because if she'd tipped Katsumi off to him knowing that she was there, Izuku would have turned and left. To cover up for her minor lapse, Izuku just snorts derisively.

"You weak little slut. Already so wet for me. No wonder you raised such a weak daughter in turn. Assume the position."

Mitsuki blushes and flips onto her front, kneeling on the edge of the bed and lifting her ass into the air for him as she flips up the back of her nightie. Meanwhile, the purpose behind Katsumi's ball-gag becomes apparent as Izuku hears a faint 'mmph!' from the direction of the closet. Despite her arousal, despite the fact that she's fingering herself right now, the hot-headed blonde still reacts with instinctive and involuntary indignation at being called 'weak'.

Chuckling darkly, Izuku unbuckles his belt and unzips his pants, pulling his cock out of its confines. Looking back over her shoulder, Mitsuki gasps and mewls at the sight of it, wiggling her hips in eager anticipation of what is to come. Meanwhile, over in the closet, Katsumi's arousal spikes at the sight of his dick as well. Ah, but then it would be the first time she's actually seen it, wouldn't it? She got a glimpse of a bulge when she blew his clothes away in the forest, but his boxers had remained intact.

Now she was seeing the real deal. Lucky her. Stepping forward, letting his cock swing back and forth with the movement as it grows thicker and harder by the second, Izuku reaches out and grabs Mitsuki by her hips. His throbbing mast slaps up against her panty-clad crotch, and she hurries to reach down and tug the lacy lingerie aside to give him access. But even as his tip touches her slit, Izuku doesn't thrust forward.

"You want my cock so badly? You can earn it, bitch."

Blinking, Mitsuki looks back at him, panting needily at this point.

"H-How should I earn it… s-sir?"

Smirking at the respectful address, Izuku hums.

"Good start. As for how you can earn it… start by reminding me why I'm here again. Tell me, why am I about to fuck you?"

Mitsuki blushes and her eyes dart towards the closet for a moment before she responds.

"… Because I'm a terrible mother, sir. Because my daughter is an awful bully, and I have to make up for her upbringing with my body~"

She moans out that last bit, shuddering and quivering in humiliated delight. Over in the closet, Katsumi lets out another quite 'mmph' of anger but doesn't make any move to escape from her bondage or the closet. Izuku just smiles… and rears back a hand, bringing it down on Mitsuki's ass in a resounding slap that causes both her AND her hidden daughter to jolt.

S-SMACK!

"That's right. Your bitch of a daughter led us to this point, didn't she? Except… that's not quite so true anymore, is it? What's the REAL reason we're here today, Mitsuki?"

For a moment, the MILF radiates confusion. Then, understanding dawns and her blush grows even more pronounced as she trembles beneath his imperious gaze. In the closet, Katsumi is definitely still confused… right up until her mother spells it out for her.

"Because I want it. I-I don't care about my daughter or what she did to you, sir. Not really. We're here today because I'm a worthless cheating slut who wanted you to fuck me again, not because I want to make up for my actions or hers. I just want to be fucked by you, sir. I want your big fat cock to rearrange my insides! I want you to use me like your personal whore!"

Izuku grins… and finally thrusts into Mitsuki at long last. She lets out a lewd cry as he penetrates her from behind, filling her with every inch of his cock in one, two, three rapid thrusts. He drills deeply into her, stretching her pussy out on his dick and causing her moans to fill the bedroom. In the closet, Katsumi has gone absolutely still at her mother's declaration. The knowledge that this isn't about her anymore… has shocked her into frozen silence.

Or rather, she's frozen for a bit at least. The harder Izuku fucks her mother from behind, the more Mitsuki moans wantonly like the whore she's declared herself to be… finally, Katsumi's hands begin to work away at her cunt again. Her arousal permeates Izuku's senses, even as Mitsuki's arousal coats his cock and makes the passage in and out of her twat all the slicker and all the quicker.

It's impossible not to expend at least some of his focus on Katsumi as he fucks her own mother right in front of her. The girl had made it her job to torment him and make his life as much a living hell as she possibly could for years. All because of an incident in their childhood where he stole her Quirk for a handful of moments. An incident that she clearly didn't even properly remember. If she had remembered Katsumi's reaction to him suddenly having a Quirk would have been vitriolic and aggressively hostile for a whole different reason other than him potentially suddenly being better than her.

And yet, now here they were. His bully had a thing for him. Izuku had ignored it initially, back in the forest. Katsumi's arousal at having him defeat her so easily had been something he had willfully set aside and decided not to interact with. Yet here he was all the same. Despite choosing to leave here in those woods to stew in her strange perversions, he found himself back here, letting her watch him fuck her mother silly.

Mitsuki's moans fill the bedroom, hiding any muffled sounds coming from the closet. Not that the MILF is doing it on purpose, since she already knows that he knows Katsumi is there. But even still, the lewd cries and loud groans coming from her mother allow for Katsumi's own voice to slip out through her ball-gag more and more.

Izuku, meanwhile, pounds into Mitsuki from behind, spanking her ass for good measure as he fucks her. All the while, he considers what he's going to do. Fucking Mitsuki Bakugou is one thing. Having her not only badmouth her daughter, but also admit that Katsumi wasn't even the reason this was happening at this point… that had felt good as well.

But at some point, he would probably be expected to do something about Katsumi, wouldn't he? Did she want him to fuck her? Or was she content with just watching? Was HE content with letting her just watch? Or did he want to extract a pound of flesh from the bitch? On the one hand, he'd had to suffer Katsumi's pathetic bullying for years to hide his true nature… and out of some small amount of affection that remained for her.

That was the truth of the matter, as much as he hated to admit it. Some small part of him, even after all this time, still cared for Katsumi Bakugou. She might not remember much of their childhood friendship, but Izuku remembered every last bit of it. Held up against the entirety of their relationship as enemies it didn't really manage to compare… but it had kept her alive all this time.

His father had offered to have Katsumi disposed of more than once. As much as her actions had helped them set things up to trick All-Might into giving Izuku his Quirk, it wasn't as though they'd always needed her from the very beginning or anything like that. No, there had been moments over the years where his father had asked if Izuku wanted Katsumi dead… and Izuku had considered it.

But he'd never said yes. And though he didn't consider the bitch worth his time or the hassle these days, there was some truth to the fact that he'd left her alive all this time.

… God, he was getting sappy, wasn't he? With a growl, Izuku redoubles his efforts to fuck Mitsuki Bakugou silly. And in an instant, he decides somewhat impulsively to do something rather reckless. He thrusts forward deep inside of Mitsuki, pounding against the entrance of her womb itself… and as she's squealing and orgasming explosively all over his cock, he cums inside of her, filling her with his seed and creampieing her on the spot.

As he does so, Izuku growls, his words coming from the heart.

"We'll have to see if you do a better job with your next child then your first, bitch."

The moment Mitsuki registers Izuku's words, she cums yet again, another climax starting mere moments after the first finishes, her entire body shuddering and spasming beneath him as she creams herself gleefully at the thought of him knocking her up.

But Izuku barely pays her any mind. He's too busy focusing on what Katsumi is going to do next.
Chapter 46: Katsumi Bakugou Pt. 3
Chapter Text

He doesn't have to wait long. Even as he's pulling out of a still-climaxing Mitsuki Bakugou, the gorgeous, fucked silly MILF spasming and shaking like a particularly voluptuous leaf underneath him, Izuku hears a sudden slam from the direction of the closet.

Banging her way out, a tied up Katsumi with eyes blazing and face bright red underneath her gag falls forward onto the floor.

"MMPH!"

Izuku tilts his head, watching her as the ill-tempered young blonde struggles for a moment before finally just igniting her bodily fluids. There's certainly an awful lot of sweat and other secretions at this point, and in an instant the gag and the rope bondage are burnt up, leaving her smoking a bit as she shakily gets up off of the ground, her entire body trembling from the effort.

Glaring at him, she points angrily, jabbing her finger in his direction.

"S-Shitty Deku… you… you b-bastard…"

In response, he lifts a single questioning eyebrow. He's a little surprised that this is where Katsumi is going with this. He didn't think she had any pride left, not if she agreed to let her own mother tie her up, gag her, and stick her in a closet so she could spy on him and Mitsuki having sex.

Stomping forward, Katsumi growls. Izuku, of course, holds his ground. Sure, he might have his pants open and his dick still out, but in comparison to the completely naked Katsumi, he was much more clothed. Of course, this results in her reaching up and grabbing hold of his shirt collar as soon as she gets in range. In response, Izuku just stares at her placidly, not intimidated in the slightest.

"N-Not… not in a million years, huh? But you'll fuck my own mother, w-won't you? Well… well, if you want me to keep this a secret, you'll fucking do as I say… and fuck me too!"

It takes him a moment to process her words despite the numerous Mind-Enhancing Quirks he has at his disposal. Mostly because… the audacity of this bitch. It's truly staggering. Looking at the hand clutching at his collar, and then back at Katsumi herself, Izuku can't decide whether to laugh or rage at her. In the end… he does neither. She's not worth the effort.

Reaching up, Izuku grabs Katsumi's hand and slowly, easily pulls each finger free of his collar. She fights him every step of the way of course, but he's just that much stronger than her. Something they both knew by this point, of course. Something that he can tell turns Katsumi on more than the blonde bully cares to admit. She shudders as he pulls her hand off of his collar entirely and then lets it go with an almost contemptuous shove that rocks her back a step.

"That was your big gambit, Katsumi? Spy on your mother having sex with me, and then threaten to tattle on us in order to get me to fuck you? Why the fuck would I care if your mother's marriage went up in smoke? Why would I care if people found out that I bagged a smoking hot MILF? Think it through, Katsumi. Do you REALLY want anyone to know that I fucked your mom? Do you?"

Trembling, eyes widen, Katsumi licks her lips and opens them to speak… but nothing comes out. Izuku is once again a little surprised. He's never seen Katsumi speechless before. Smiling thinly, Izuku leans in close to deliver the coup de gras.

"Besides… who do you think they're going to believe if I decide to dispute you? All Might's protégé… or some little bitch who has a history of violence and refusing to play well with others? Do you REALLY think that you have any better of a chance against me in a battle of social influence than you do a real fight?"

As he pulls back, he sees the moment she realizes he's right alight in her eyes. It's a beautiful sight, seeing Katsumi Bakugou helpless. Frankly, it's enough to make him pop a new erection, his cock throbbing down below as she… collapses to her knees, broken and defeated.

He watches her eyes go crossed as she sees what she's just put herself in front of. He sees her freeze up, staring at the cock that just ravaged her mother. The cock that might have just given her a new baby brother or sister. And he watches as she hesitates for only a moment before beginning to submissively lean forward, just the tip of her tongue starting to trace out.

Then, he snorts and turns away from her. Whipping his cock out of her reach, Izuku begins fixing up his clothes and making his way towards the bedroom door. Did she really think that he was going to fuck her after all that? Did she-

"W-Wait! Deku… p-please…"

Stopping in his tracks, Izuku pauses for a moment. Did she really just say 'please'? Now THAT was new. In fact, he was pretty sure that he'd never heard the word come from Katsumi Bakugou's lips, not one single time in all the years they'd known each other. He hadn't thought it was part of the cunt's vocabulary, truth be told.

Slowly, he turns around. He doesn't make a move to step back towards her, but he also doesn't leave. Instead, he pins Katsumi with a stare.

"Please… what?"

Looking like every word is having to be torn from her, Katsumi grimaces but stares hungrily at his cock.

"P-Please… fuck me…"

A request rather than a demand. Frankly, she's dangerously close to outright begging. Could he push her the rest of the way there if he tried? Might as well find out. Taking a step forward, he notes the hope suddenly blazing to life in her eyes. He enjoys ruthlessly crushing it with his next words, even as he stalks back over to her.

"Why should I, bitch? You're a treacherous, backstabbing cunt who betrayed me as a child for something outside of my control."

Not quite true… but close enough. Technically, if Izuku had been Quirkless it would have been completely outside of his control. But he wasn't. Still, his father had made him pretend he was. And while Izuku had gone along with it… he was a kid. It wasn't like he had a real choice. What, let the whole world know his Quirk and disappoint his father in the process? No, that was never an option.

Regardless, the words definitely hit home as he moves closer to her. Katsumi's eyes are wide as she's forced once again to confront her own inadequacies. Except this time, all of the venom and vinegar she would normally thrust out as a shield to protect herself from having to actually come face to face with her flaws isn't present. She's already on her knees before him. She's already begging him.

"And even setting aside that, there's the fact that even now, you can't follow a simple fucking instruction. Even now, you can't be trusted to keep to your word."

She blinks at that, confusion on her face as her mouth opens… but Izuku cuts her off before she can be stupid enough to ask what he's talking about.

"I beat you, bitch. I beat you in our little unsanctioned duel fair and square. And I had the good grace to let you stay at UA afterwards, didn't I? But there was just one thing I asked from you. One thing we agreed the victor would get from the loser. Do you remember what it fucking was? I know you don't, because you're still fucking doing it. You're still calling me fucking DEKU!"

Katsumi flinches back at the volume of his voice. The normally caustic, abrasive, and all around toxic girl wavers, shivering in the face of his race. This is her without that crunchy exterior to hide her true self. This is Katsumi Bakugou at her weakest and most vulnerable. Izuku can't help but take advantage of that fact.

Though even he's caught off guard by the next words out of her mouth.

"I… I'm s-sorry."

Izuku just stares at her for a moment as she hangs her head. She's sorry? He snorts in derision and then grabs her by her hair. Katsumi cries out as he yanks her head back, tugging at her scalp. He silences that cry by shoving his throbbing erection right into her mouth, forcing her to suck his cock. Not that she fights back. In fact, he even feels a little bit of her tongue along the underside of his dick as she tries to assist, despite having very clearly never performed fellatio in her life.

"You're sorry?! You're fucking sorry?! You dumb bitch, I don't want your apologies!"

"Gagkh! Gagkh! Gagkh!"

He rather viciously fucks her face. Katsumi's hands come up and grab at the front of his pants… but rather than trying to push him away, she clings to him, holding on for dear life as he rails her tight, convulsing throat, pounding away into her esophagus and gullet with all his might.

"You're a useless, worthless cunt… in fact, I imagine this might be all you're good for, in the end. After all, with me around… why would anyone want YOU?"

Katsumi's eyes widen at that, even as she gurgles around his cock. Staring down at her reddened face, at the drool and saliva slowly coalescing around the sides of her stretched mouth, Izuku sneers. It runs counter to his actual plans, of course. He has no intention of being another All Might. Not in the way the older man was. All Might was the so-called Pillar of Hope, but for all the good he did, the bad could be seen everywhere one looked.

The man's presence utterly obliterated competition. His strength left the other Pro Heroes either barely trying or vying for anything BUT first place. Ultimately, he engendered complacency and laziness through his singular pursuit of heroism. By being the best HE could be, he did not inspire as much as he let everyone think they could just get by with what they had, because they would always be safe under his aegis.

Forgetting that All Might was only one man. Forgetting that he was only mortal and would eventually die. Hell, the last Izuku had seen of Yagi, the man would probably die very soon indeed…

But it didn't matter if All Might wasn't long for this world, because Izuku had a plan. He wasn't just going to take the man's place. He was going to do it all better. With the proper people by his side, he was going to make this world a better place that encouraged exemplary service, rather than giving everyone a false sense of security.

In THAT regard, he actually did need Katsumi. Or rather, he needed people like her. Not exactly like her. There were a number of less than desirable qualities to the bitch that would need to be excised if she was going to be a productive member of society. But there was one way in which Katsumi excelled. Her dogged desire to always improve, to always do better, to always be stronger.

He could use that… once he made her his.

"Gagkh! Gagkh! Gagkh!"

Abruptly, Izuku yanks Katsumi off of his cock, leaving the poor blonde girl sputtering and gasping for air. Drool and saliva connect his dick to her lips for a moment before dropping down as he pulls her further away and thrusts her face first into the ground. Pinning her to the floor of her mother's bedroom with a foot on the back of her head, Izuku crouches over her… and takes hold of his spit-polished dick, covered in Katsumi's saliva.

Placing it against her pussy lips, he can feel her anticipation and excitement right off the bat. Her cunt all but caresses his dick tip like a long lost lover, attempting to try and suck him in though to no avail. Smirking, Izuku waits for a beat… and then thrusts down into her, finally plunging the length of his cock into her horny, aroused cunt.

He could have had her back in the forest probably. He could have made her his bitch right then and there. But no… this was better. This was on HIS terms, and now Katsumi was going to learn just what it meant to be under someone.

Railing her from above, pounding into her pussy with all his might, Izuku snarls as he fucks her hard and fast. In response, Katsumi squeals like a stuck pig, her inner walls clenching down around his shaft to no avail. She can neither keep him out of her nor hold him in place. His intrusion is constant and never-ending, his pistoning in and out of her drooling quim relentless in its intensity.

Losing all semblance of control, Katsumi makes little explosions off of her body as he fucks her raw. Nothing that can harm Izuku, though the floor ends up more than a little blackened from her shuddering, quivering Quirk Expressions. Her pussy walls tighten up around his dick in the telltale signs of an orgasm… and Katsumi puts whole new meaning to the definition of 'explosive orgasm' as her pussy juices literally ignite upon his shaft.

Luckily, Izuku is more than durable enough to handle her. But even still… he sneers and brings up a hand, only to bring it down HARD on her buttocks.

S-SMACK!

"Control yourself, cunt. What are you, a toddler? Not even able to handle your own Quirk…"

Leaning over her, Izuku whispers so that only Katsumi can hear him. Over on the bed, Mitsuki has recovered enough to turn over onto her back and touch herself as she watched him manhandle her daughter with lidded eyes, but these next words aren't for her. They're only for Katsumi.

"Control your Quirk… or I might just have to take it from you."

Katsumi's entire body freezes up in cold, stark terror as those words flit through her mind. Izuku smiles, wondering if his words are jogging a memory for her or anything. Either way, he continues fucking her and even continues slapping her ass for good measure, spanking her until it's nice and red under his hands.

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

However, Katsumi doesn't have another incident of unintended Quirk Expression. Arousal mixed with fear is etched through every line of her person at his threat, even as Izuku hums. Fucking her like this is all well and good… but he's already considering changing things up. He doesn't want to get monotonous, after all.

Pinning Katsumi to the floor with a foot to the back of her head and her ass high into the air so he can rail her sloppy pussy has been amazing… but Izuku is already looking to what comes next. He wants to really drive this point home for her. He wants to make it clear to her that this… this is the new status quo for the two of them.

After a moment, he grins and begins to pull out, eager to put his plan into action.
Chapter 47: Katsumi Bakugou Pt. 4
Chapter Text

Pulling out of Katsumi, he grabs the blonde by her hips and before she can even register that he's gone, he flips her over onto her back. The air is pushed out of her lungs in a rush and as she's still recovering from being driven into the carpet, Izuku is already lifting her legs into the air and folding her body back on itself. Putting most of her weight on her shoulders and head, he crouches over her and directs his throbbing member right back into her sopping wet twat.

As he drives down into her from above with the force of a jackhammer, Izuku is treated to the lovely sight of her eyes widening and then half-rolling back in her head as she spasms her way through an unexpected orgasm right there on the spot. Her gurgling cries are music to his ears as he fucks down into her, slamming home again and again.

Eventually though, she does manage to recover enough to make eye contact with him, albeit with a very embarrassed blush as she shudders and shivers under the onslaught he's delivering to her. Smirking, Izuku tilts his head to the side, speaking so that only she hears him, even over the sound of flesh slapping against flesh and the squelching of his rock hard meat rod as it drives into her mewling quim again and again.

"Look at you. Look how helpless you are like this. You can't do anything but squeal and cum for me. There's nothing you can do to stop me. Even your Quirk is a moment away from being mine again. And yet, you keep cumming. You needy little bitch."

He expects the fear he sees in her eyes at that. But what he doesn't expect is how her body responds to this second reminder that he was capable of stealing Quirks. Namely, she clenches down on his cock even harder and climaxes AGAIN for him, orgasming explosively as her entire folded up form shivers and shakes.

For a moment, Izuku is incredulous. His brow furrowed and a scowl spreading across his face, he shakes his head in disbelief.

"Did you really just cum from me threatening you, you dumb bitch?!"

But Katsumi is in no state to answer him it would seem. Or if she is, she doesn't want to. All he gets in response is a whimper as the blonde bully quivers beneath him, her eyes half-rolled up in her head. For a moment, Izuku is baffled by just how easily he's turned the tables on her. Then again… was it really THAT surprising?

As he fucks Katsumi from above, piledriving the bitch into the ground over and over, Izuku reflects that he was never TRULY her victim. Yes, he'd suffered numerous indignities at her hands, but that didn't mean he'd actually been her bullying victim. It was always an act. A part of the plan. He could have ended it at any time after all, so was it really fair to say that he was a 'victim'? Izuku didn't think so.

And it made this all make a bit more sense, he supposed. The two of them had been friends once. Long, long ago. But Katsumi had ruined that. She'd destroyed their relationship. Sure, she'd played right into his and his father's hands while doing so, but still…

That said, maybe Izuku could see fit to let Katsumi back into his heart. Maybe they could even be… friends again?

He stares down into the face of his former childhood friend turned school bully for a long moment… before snorting derisively.

No.

With a grunt, he pushes down on her even further, and Katsumi's shuddering and quivering body folds for him like a house of cards. Dropping to his knees, he forces himself on top of her, grunting as her legs end up high in the air on either side of his waist, her feet kicking back and forth as he fucks her harder and faster in this position.

Katsumi's eyes fully roll back in her head for a moment from the new position, but Izuku isn't about to let that stand. He can't keep her from enjoying this… well no, he could, but he's not that cruel. Still, she doesn't just get to check out. Reaching down, he grabs her by her jaw, squeezing harshly and then leaning in to give her the deepest tongue-kiss of her life.

He even bites her lip hard enough to draw blood, causing her to snap her eyes forward again as she looks at him with a strange mixture of arousal and fear. She's not afraid of what he's doing to her, however. No… she's afraid of how much she's enjoying all of this. Izuku knows full well the difference at this point.

His other hand comes down on her breasts. He gropes them harshly, squeezing and kneading them to his heart's content. He all but mauls them as Katsumi whimpers into his mouth, her tongue submitting to his as they swap spit. Pulling back from the kiss, watching a droplet of blood dribble from her bitten lip, Izuku growls at her as he squeezes her tits painfully. In response, Katsumi moans.

"You bitch. You're loving this. You're loving being abused. You're loving being defeated… owned… conquered. All this time, this has been who you really are? Just some cunt who wanted a man to put her in her place?"

Katsumi quivers beneath him, shaking her head back and forth. Her eyes seem to say that she wants to tell him something, but she can't find the words. Izuku doesn't care. He doesn't want to hear anything from her. He doesn't NEED to hear anything from her. Snarling, he picks up his pace, slamming into her again and again.

WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!

Her legs continue to knock in the air on either side of his body as his balls slap into her ass with every thrust, the entire length of his cock driving deep into her cunt and hilting against the entrance to her womb. Katsumi shudders and cums for him over and over, but his grip on her jaw and his mauling of her tits keeps the blonde bitch from ahegaoing, from checking out on him again. She stays very present and very aware of everything that's happening to her… which is why she's listening when he suddenly leans forward, whispering to her in a dark, silken tone.

"I'm getting close, bitch."

She freezes at that… or at least freezes as best she can, given his continued jackhammering into her cunt.

"You know what this position is called, Katsumi? It's called a mating press. I could cum inside. And I could, beyond a shadow of a doubt, make sure to knock you up right here and right now."

Her wide eyes stare at him, something unreadable in them alongside the stark terror.

"I could end your career as a Pro Hero before it even begins. I could turn you into a stay-at-home mom, just like your mother."

He expects her to beg him not to. He expects her to plead with him to do anything but that. He doesn't expect her to not even fight it. He doesn't expect her to moan helplessly, signaling her complete inability to stop him if he wanted to do exactly that. And yet… that's what happens. For a moment, Izuku just stares down at Katsumi, once again incredulous. Then, he snarls and fucks her all the harder, picking up speed and redoubling his pace yet again.

Over the sounds of meaty flesh smacking can be heard wanton moaning and masculine grunting for the next minute… and then, right before he would have creampied her, before he could make good on his threat… Izuku pulls out at the last second and proceeds to cum all over her face, tits, and body instead. He covers Katsumi in his jizz as her legs collapse to the ground without him to support them, her naked figure splayed out on the floor before him.

He cums and cums, coating her rather liberally until finally it's done. Once he's given her a proper facial, along with a full body cum bath, Izuku sneers as he shakes his head, looming over her with a scoff.

"You're not worthy of bearing my child, Katsumi. You're barely worthy of wearing my seed."

He waits just long enough to see his words land and to enjoy the look on Katsumi's face as they properly impact her. Then, he gathers up his clothes… and leaves.

-x-X-x-

Let it not be said that the Principal of UA was a slouch, pushover, or an idiot. Sitting behind his desk in his office, Nezu looks down at all of the evidence in front of him… and frowns. It had taken some time to put all of this together, but also far less time than he would have thought. However, he now had confirmation… proof, even.

The faculty changes forced upon his school this year might have seemed like a series of implausible but merely unfortunate coincidences to on the surface, but Nezu had been suspicious from the beginning. He'd known there was some sort of conspiracy at play, despite the fact that all of the retirements and sudden desires to return to Hero Work on the old faculty's part had seemed perfectly genuine and entirely legitimate. And the desire to suddenly take up teaching on the new faculty's part had ALWAYS seemed perfectly genuine and entirely legitimate.

But it was just too damn sloppy not to mean something. So of course, Nezu had investigated. And now he had confirmed his earlier suspicions… All for One HAD been behind all of this. Once you looked closely, it wasn't even that hard to figure it all out. All for One had been rushed and had made mistakes that Nezu normally wouldn't have expected from the centuries-old villain. It was clear that he'd been eager to make it all happen though… just in time for Izuku Midoriya, All for One's only son, to begin his time at UA.

On the other hand, while Nezu had been able to uncover the truth of All for One's actions, he hadn't found a single shred of evidence that tied Izuku to the man save through blood. The boy seemed to be entirely clean, as far as Nezu could tell. There was still the evidence of All for One's push for Izuku to have a certain kind of life, a life of heartache and hardship that would eventually set him on a collision course with Yagi.

But that manipulation had clearly started when Izuku was still a young child, so Nezu didn't honestly think the boy was 'in on it'. No, All for One's machinations had been extensive… and ultimately come to bite him in the ass, resulting in his death at his own son's hands. Izuku had done the unthinkable… but he'd also done what needed to be done. The lad was to be commended for that, not condemned.

Indeed, everything Nezu had seen so far from Izuku's time at UA made it clear that despite being the son of the most notorious villain in Japan's history, Izuku was earnest in his desire to become a Pro Hero. And not just earnest but poised to take the Pro Hero World by storm and perhaps be as much a force for good and order as All Might had ever been.

It was deeply ironic that All for One had designed Izuku as this weapon to destroy One for All once and for all, but instead… instead the boy had finally achieved everything One for All's users had been working towards for hundreds of years. And he would go on to achieve so much more.

Even now, even on his deathbed, Yagi still sung Izuku's praises. The ailing man, barely a shadow of his former self, still lit up whenever Nezu visited to inform him about Izuku's progress. And at the same time, Nana Shimura was also so very quick to talk up the boy whenever they had a faculty meeting or even when they spoke privately. As far as she was concerned, Izuku could do no wrong.

… Of course, Nezu wasn't stupid. He didn't tell Yagi about Izuku's OTHER exploits. He knew full well that the poor man wouldn't understand. Yes, Izuku was definitely eager to become a Pro Hero… but he was also a perverted young horndog who had been fucking women all over Nezu's school. Nezu would call Izuku a lecher, but that would imply the boy wasn't actually succeeding in his endeavors. And frankly, more often than not, the women were coming to him.

Nezu doesn't really care too much about all of that though to be honest. Maybe if others knew about it, they would get up in arms. Certainly, even the humans Nezu considered his closest allies and confidantes likely wouldn't understand the UA Principal's complete apathy regarding Izuku's debauched ways. But the fact was… Nezu simply didn't mind all that much. To someone with an inhuman mentality like him, it was perfectly fine.

No one was getting hurt, after all. Nezu had made sure of that much at least. It was all above board and fully consensual. Izuku had even rejected the advances of one young woman, a certain Katsumi Bakugou. From Nezu's own research, that made sense. All for One had used Katsumi Bakugou as an unwitting patsy, manipulating her into bullying Izuku for much of his life before UA.

If not for One for All, Izuku might still be getting bullied by the girl… but since he now had a Quirk, he was really coming into his own and had so far completely shut down the girl's attempts to continue their previous dynamic. Nezu had considered removing Katsumi from UA once he fully uncovered what she'd been up to in the course of his investigation… but he liked to think she had a glimmer of potential to her, and so far Izuku seemed to know precisely how to handle her.

Truth be told, the boy knew how to handle women of all sorts with an interesting efficiency. And more than that, he knew how to use One for All in some singularly impressive ways as well.

… Nezu hated to be that sort of person, but he couldn't deny he was at least a little bit suspicious of the heroic boy, even now. Maybe… hm, maybe it was time to lay his suspicions to rest once and for all. But the only way to do that was to find out for sure, one way or another.

Looking away from the papers on his desk, the UA Principal considers things for a moment before coming to a decision. He would send an infiltrator into the boy's harem. Someone to keep an eye on Izuku for him and keep him on the straight and narrow.

Fortunately, due to All for One's antics, Nezu had no shortage of female faculty members to rope into this. Though he would need to act fast and make his choice soon given just how quickly Izuku had already worked his way through his own teacher, the teacher of Class 1-B, and even the floater teaching assistant…
Chapter 48: Lady Nagant
Chapter Text

Truth be told, he was spoiled for choice. But some of his options had to be discarded. Even when he narrowed it down to just three women, Nezu found himself singling out one above the other two.
 
Fuyumi Todoroki might have been able to get nice and close to Izuku as the School Guidance Counselor, but she was too soft… not made for undercover work. Meanwhile, Nemuri, aka Midnight, was a bit too much of a known quantity, wasn’t she? Sure, Nezu could trust her the most… but at the same time, she was one of the few ‘old guard’ left behind. Her status as his spy would be too obvious.
 
That just left those among the new guard who Nezu could be confident that neither All for One nor Izuku had gotten to yet. Those who had perfect, sterling records… at least on paper. Among his choices, one stood out better than most. One who had gotten her hands dirty for the Hero Commission, which was about as far away from All for One as you could possibly get. She was perfect for a little undercover work, Nezu figured…
 
-x-X-x-
 
“Tell me Lady Nagant, what do you know of All for One?”
 
… It was a hell of a question to sit down to. Nagant can’t help but freeze in place for the briefest of moments before managing to get herself under control, but even that is too much, she can already tell. UA’s inhuman Principal just nods as though he expected as much and taps a claw on his desk as he lets out a sigh.
 
“I thought so. Someone in your line of work would probably have run into the name once or twice, right? It’s perfectly understandable.”
 
Wait, what? Nagant pauses at that… and then breathes. As she does so, her perception of time speeds up and the world itself almost seems to slow down around her. This is not a part of her Quirk, this is in fact a skill, completely trained over decades of hard work. With it, she can take in the moment and give herself a little bit longer to actually process what the Principal, her new employer, was saying to her.
 
For a second there, she’d thought he knew. Calling her into his office, mentioning All for One… it seemed clear to Nagant that Nezu must have known how she reached UA in the first place.
 
But no. His second question put that in doubt. If he’d actually known about her and about her past, he wouldn’t have said something like that… right?
 
Slowly exhaling, Nagant focuses on relaxing as best as possible, even as she offers a single stoic nod in Nezu’s direction.
 
“I am… aware of the title, yes.”
 
This seems to please mouse-man, who hums a little bit before continuing.
 
“… What I’m about to tell you cannot leave this room, Lady Nagant. I must know that I can trust you with this information… not even the Hero Commission can know about this.”
 
… He really didn’t know, did he? Nagant resists the urge to blink owlishly, even as she pretends to think about it for a second before slowly nodding again.
 
“When I came here, it was a clean break Mr. Principal. I have no more ties to the Hero Commission. None whatsoever.”
 
Nezu gives her a knowing look at that.
 
“No official ties maybe, but I know how you humans operate. I’m sure you still have friends in the organization. Still… I will trust you to say nothing to them all the same.”
 
Heh, if only he knew. Still, now her curiosity was piqued. Nagant sits quietly until Nezu finally continues on.
 
“All for One is dead. Shocking as that may be, that’s only the tip of the iceberg. Before his death… one of his final acts was to get you and all of the other new hires at UA this year into the school.”
 
So he DID know?! Nagant stiffens again, eyes widening in surprise. She already knew All for One was dead, truth be told. She’d done her own investigation into that. But for Nezu to know about the other thing… didn’t that mean he knew everything else?!
 
“I know, I know. That might be shocking to hear. I’m sure to you, your departure from the Hero Commission and arrival here at UA seemed perfectly natural and the result of your own choices. But that’s how All for One worked. He was a master manipulator and ultimately loved moving people around like pieces on a shogi board. Tch… the faculty changes at UA this year were his last and greatest manipulation… but they were ham-fisted. Rushed through. Truth be told, it’s surprising that nobody died for his plans to work out but here we are all the same.”
 
… He didn’t. Holy fuck, talk about a rollercoaster of emotions. Nagant grips at the arms of her chair at this point, not really sure what to do or say. Thankfully, Nezu doesn’t read into her reaction anymore than what he wants to see on the surface.
 
“As I said though, All for One is already dead. Whatever he was hoping to do with UA… those plans died with him. However… however, here is where things get rather tricky. And this is the information I must implore you not to let leave this room or the sanctity of your mind. For you see… All for One had a son.”
 
Wait, what? For the first time in this conversation, Nezu has dropped an actual bombshell on Nagant. Floored, the purple-haired sniper sits back in her chair. Nezu just nods, looking like he once again expected such a reaction. Heh, if only he knew the truth.
 
She was born Kaina Tsutsumi, but it had been a long time since Lady Nagant had thought of herself by that name. This was for one simple reason… she’d lived and breathed the Pro Hero life as a member of the Hero Commission for decades at this point. A long time ago, in her youth, the President of the Hero Public Safety Commission had personally extended an invitation for her to join their agency.
 
At the time, she’d accepted wholeheartedly, filled with excitement and enthusiasm over becoming one of the best Pro Heroes the world had ever seen. And early on… it had been fine. Great, even. She’d trained and trained to use her Rifle Quirk to its fullest potential, becoming not just a successful Pro Hero, but the best marksman in Japan. She’d become a role model for others, someone that people idolized and looked up to. That had made her feel good, Nagant could admit. She’d been proud to carry the name Lady Nagant, back then.
 
But then things had changed. Not all at once. Not on the turn of a dime or anything like that. No… it had been slow. Insidiously so. Little by little, Nagant had found herself used by the Commission for more… unsavory purposes. Classified Missions that, on their face, certainly seemed like they were important and necessary and all that good stuff.
 
Their world was one filled with Heroes but also Villains. And unfortunately, the way the dynamic worked, Heroes wound up being more reactionary than not most of the time. The villains attacked and the Pro Heroes swooped in to save the day. But rarely did that come without damage, without casualties. By the very nature of how it worked, the Heroes never got to stop the Villains before they even got started. Not usually.
 
That was where Nagant had come in. The Hero Commission’s intelligence agency was second to none, constantly on the look out for villains both old and new who were planning attacks of terrorism. And Nagant had been the perfect weapon to dispose of these villains before they could ever carry out their heinous crimes in the first place.
 
At first, it had all made perfect sense to her. More than that, even if it didn’t make sense… she’d put her trust, every last bit of it, into the President of the Commission. He was the man who originally recruited her after all, so how could he be wrong, right?
 
But then it had stopped being just villains. Her targets had started to include her fellow heroes as well. Corrupt of course. Criminals one and all, but too highly placed for the Commission to do anything about. She’d seen the information. Seen how they twisted and corrupted the title of Pro Hero for their own ends, rather than to actually help people.
 
And yet… and yet it all began to weigh on her. It all began to build up, until Nagant was left feeling trapped. She had never wanted to be a murderer, despite the implied lethality of her Quirk. Early on she’d used her Rifle Quirk conscientiously, saving lives and disabling enemies without killing them outright. But more and more she’d found herself shooting to kill. Shooting to rid the world of certain individuals that the Commission claimed were ‘doing it harm’.
 
But where did it end? Where did such a blood-soaked road come to a close?
 
As it turned out, it ended with Nagant’s barrel smoking and the President of the Hero Commission dead at his desk from a gunshot to the head.
 
That should have been the end of her freedom. That should have been the moment that she was arrested and locked up for her crimes. Nagant had almost been ready for it. Not because of her final murder, but because of all of the murders before it.
 
Except… that wasn’t what had happened. Because just after she’d killed the President of the Hero Commission, HE had made himself known. All for One had appeared seemingly out of nowhere, introduced himself, and told her he could help. That he could make it all… ‘go away’.
 
Nagant had wavered. Part of her had said to shoot him then and there and let the consequences come for her… but she’d been so tired. So tired of death. Of killing. And at the same time, she didn’t want to go to prison. She didn’t want to wind up in Tartarus, more than likely. So yes, she’d let him help her under the single caveat that she would never, ever kill for him.
 
She’d expected that to be a deal breaker truth be told. Why else would a man like All for One want her, other than to use her abilities for his own end? But to her shock, he’d readily agreed. He’d told her he didn’t want her to kill for him… that that wasn’t to be her ‘purpose’. And then he’d helped her, making it all go away.
 
Finding out just how deep All for One had already sunk his claws into the Commission was an eye-opening experience for Nagant. Not only had he managed to turn the President’s death into an ‘accident’ and divorced it from her altogether… he’d also managed to have her records with the Commission sealed and then wiped clean after the fact. He’d shown her himself… if anyone ever tried to unseal her records, they would find nothing. The data had been completely erased.
 
Nagant hadn’t known how to feel about that. Nor had she known how to feel when All for One finally told her what she’d be doing for him. She was to join UA as one of their Heroics Teachers in the coming year, and act as his mole on the inside.
 
It wasn’t killing, at least. And… he’d done quite a lot for her in the end. So there she was, signing on with UA, becoming a member of its faculty, and suddenly teaching a bunch of kids about how to be Pro Heroes. It was like something out of a fever dream.
 
And then things got even stranger, because contact with All for One abruptly… stopped. Just prior to the school year starting, communication ceased. Nagant had of course investigated. She’d looked into things. Just enough to confirm the baffling truth… All for One was dead. He was dead and as far as she could tell, he’d told no one about their deal. He’d handled it all personally from start to finish, leaving no point of contact to continue blackmailing her after he was gone.
 
It still didn’t entirely make sense to her. Except… except maybe it did now. Staring at Nezu, Nagant’s eyes narrow.
 
“All for One has a son.”
 
The inhuman Principal nods solemnly.
 
“A young man who I believe to be untainted by All for One’s evil. Especially seeing how… well, this young man was forced to kill his own father when All for One kidnapped him and tried to use him for his own ends.”
 
Nagant hadn’t looked that far into it, so this is another bombshell for her. Perhaps she should have. Perhaps she should have looked MUCH further into this.
 
“His name is Izuku Midoriya.”
 
That causes the markswoman to jolt. She doesn’t know EVERY student’s name, but she knows most of the students in the Heroics Classes at this point, and Izuku Midoriya is a name that has come up more than any of the others. Her eyes narrow even further as she assimilates this information.
 
“I have good reason to believe that Izuku is a young man of strong moral fiber and sterling character. However… I also have my doubts I’m afraid. And I want those doubts laid to rest.”
 
Ah. Now she was starting to see where this was going. She was well-used to powerful men behind desks giving her marching orders. Though normally they were literal human men and not… well, mouse-men.
 
Tilting her head to the side, Nagant cocks an eyebrow.
 
“And where do I come into this, Mr. Principal?”
 
Smiling, Nezu clasps his claws together.
 
“I’m glad you asked! I need someone to keep an eye on young Midoriya for me. Not just as a teacher I’m afraid, but… more closely than that. I need to know that Izuku Midoriya is truly the beacon of heroism I think he is. I don’t think there’s anyone in this school with better eyes than you. And we don’t have many on the faculty who have your level of experience as a Pro Hero either. Tell me… do you think you can do this for me?”
 
… Nezu was literally asking All for One’s mole to turn around and spy on his son. Part of Nagant wants to laugh. But she doesn’t because she’s pretty sure if she starts laughing, she might not ever stop. The situation was deeply, darkly hilarious in all the worst ways, but she just needed to compartmentalize things down like she always did. In the end… there’s only one possible answer.
 
“Sure. I can do that for you.”
 
But internally, Nagant is spiraling. All for One was dead… that was the ONLY thing she was aware of. But the fact that the man had set her up at UA the very year that his son was starting here, only for that son to turn around and kill him… what did Izuku Midoriya know? What did he know about HER?
 
“Ah, wonderful! Thank you very much for your assistance, Lady Nagant. I’m sure young Midoriya is exactly what he seems to be, but it will be good to have confirmation from a veteran such as yourself.”
 
She’d thought herself free and in the clear with the confirmation of All for One’s death. He’d held up his end of the bargain and then kicked the bucket, leaving her on her own and out from under the Hero Commission’s thumb to boot. But what if Izuku Midoriya knew? What if she was supposed to have gotten in touch with him and she was risking everything?
 
As she leaves the Principal’s Office, Nagant knows she has to decide how to approach this situation. She COULD do as the Principal asked of her. Get close to Midoriya on Nezu’s behalf, and report on the boy’s activities to the inhuman Principal of UA as he expected her to. Or… she could hedge her bets and reveal herself as his father’s agent to the boy.
 
HAD he killed his father in cold blood? Or was that just another one of All for One’s plans? Nezu certainly didn’t think so and yet… maybe he didn’t have enough information. Clearly he didn’t, seeing as he’d literally asked All for One’s mole to spy on the dead man’s son without having any clue what Nagant truly knew.
 
Letting out an explosive breath, the purple-haired sniper looks down at her hands. For a moment, she sees the blood covering them. Thick and dripping. Then… she makes up her mind.
Chapter 49: Lady Nagant Pt. 2
Chapter Text

A/N: Lady Nagant makes her move.

-x-X-x-

“Izuku-!”

“Midoriya, stay after class.”

Just as Izuku is turning to regard Momo Yaoyorozu with a fond expectant smile, the cold and serious tone of their OTHER Heroics Teacher cuts through Momo’s words like a knife through better. While Nana Shimura was the Heroics Teacher part of the time, there was another Heroics Teacher at UA that she traded off with… that being Lady Nagant, the Sniper Hero.

It’s Nagant who cuts Momo off, either intentionally or unintentionally, making the younger woman go quiet as both she and Izuku turn towards the purple haired teacher. After a beat, Izuku glances back at Momo and gives her a smile.

“I’ll be just a moment and then we can talk, Momo. Wait for me?”

Eyes slightly wide, face slightly red, Momo nods hurriedly.

“A-Always.”

Just from that alone, Izuku can guess what Momo wants to discuss with him. After all, it’d been a little while since they’d talked about what she could do to prove the sincerity of her desires. She either had something else in mind… or she’d successfully seduced a girl and wanted to share them with him. Either way, Izuku would be more than happy to give Momo the time of day when he DIDN’T have a teacher breathing down the back of his neck.

As he leaves Momo behind and follows Lady Nagant off the field and back into the school towards her office, Izuku finds himself going over everything he knows about the retired Pro Hero. She was an interesting case to be sure… a Pro Hero affiliated with the Hero Public Safety Commission. However, there were Commission Heroes… and then there were Commission Heroes.

The first group tended to be the front-facing Pro Heroes of the Public Safety Commission. Those like Hawks who were utilized in a more public manner and allowed to gather a popular reputation. And then there was the second group, where Lady Nagant had seemed to fall. Oh sure, she was still a known quantity… but only really among other Pro Heroes, Villains, and Quirk Junkies like Izuku himself.

Pretending to be Quirkless for all those years so that he and his father could pull off their plan of convincing All Might to give up One for All willingly hadn’t been easy by any stretch of the imagination. Sometimes it had been really, really hard indeed. One of the ways in which Izuku had stayed sane was through research enhanced by his father’s assistance. He’d developed dossiers on almost every active Pro Hero there was, as well as several inactive ones.

Lady Nagant’s dossier had always been depressingly blank, but Izuku had refused to use his father’s deeper connections and more strategic resources for a simple research project. In the end, All for One had simply told Izuku that not everything about Lady Nagant’s career was crystal clear. That there was more going on beneath the surface than met the eye. Izuku could have certainly pried more, but he never had.

Now he found himself wondering what exactly his father had known that Izuku did not. Why was Lady Nagant at UA in the first place? Obviously, Izuku had long since come to the conclusion that the all-female faculty changes of the school was a result of his father’s machinations. But he still didn’t fully understand everything that had taken place to make it happen.

Ostensibly, Lady Nagant had no official ties to the Public Safety Commission at this point. But that didn’t mean much of anything when the Commission commonly used some of their lesser known Pro Heroes as infiltrators and assassins… the latter of which Izuku had privately pegged Nagant as long ago.

Finally arriving at the woman’s office, Lady Nagant wordlessly lets him in and then steps in after him. To Izuku’s mild surprise, she doesn’t make for her desk… instead, the sniper closes and locks her office door behind her and then proceeds to lean back against it, posting up as she crosses her arms over her chest and stares at him.

Izuku turns to face her, his body remaining visibly relaxed even as just beneath the surface every bit of him was tensing up. Bringing a whole slew of Quirks to the forefront, Izuku wavers between utilizing the more socially minded Quirks and spinning up his more combat capable Quirks. In the end, he goes for a mixture of both just in case Nagant proves to be a threat.

“I know about your parentage, Midoriya. The Principal told me all about you and All for One.”

Izuku’s eyes widen at that and it’s not entirely voluntary even though it’s the sort of reaction he would choose to have anyways. Still… Nezu told her?! The Principal trusted her with that sort of information? For a brief second, he wonders if Lady Nagant is lying but… no. None of his Quirks tell him that she’s lying. So far she’s being honest.

“… I see. I don’t know what you want me to say.”

The purple-haired woman’s eyes narrow at that and the fingers visible on her crossed arms clench, digging into her own bicep.

“I want to know what you know. What you REALLY know.”

Vague. Almost impossibly so. If Izuku didn’t have his Quirks plus the conversation he’d had with the Pro Hero Thirteen, he might not have connected the dots. But as it is… he quickly realizes what Nagant is putting down here, even if she’s not meaning to.

“… You’re one of his agents, aren’t you?”

She marshals herself rather well. Barely reacts. But in the end, he can’t miss the way the corners of her mouth tighten almost imperceptibly. Or the ever so slight narrowing of her eyes. She’s already tense and wound up as tightly as possible, but his accusation strikes true, nonetheless. Still, she doesn’t know he can see that. Nor does she likely know he sees the moment when she considers playing dumb or not.

Finally though, Nagant just jerks her head up and down in a nod before going on the offensive.

“I am. And you didn’t kill your father in cold blood, did you? It was all part of his plan from start to finish…”

Now it’s Izuku’s turn to consider lying. She’s admitted that she’s in league with the Principal, so flat out admitting the truth was a dumb idea… right? Except Izuku can’t imagine that Nezu would push for this line of action from Lady Nagant… not in a million years. It just wouldn’t make sense for the UA Principal to tell her to just go and ask him outright.

And he highly doubted Nezu had known that Nagant was an agent of his father’s either. All of this… all of this spoke of a serious misstep on the Principal’s part. He’d confided in the wrong person and instead of assisting Nezu in whatever it was he wanted of her, Nagant had come running to Izuku to confront him directly.

That said…

“What did my father tell you, exactly? In what way did he want you to serve as his agent here at UA?”

Izuku couldn’t just confirm it. He wasn’t BUILT like that. He needed more information. Lady Nagant’s face nevertheless twists up like she’s just bitten into a sour lemon, her brow furrowing and her nostrils scrunching as her lips curl into a grimace. She remains quiet for a moment before finally biting out her answer.

“Nothing. Your father helped me with something. I’m not going to tell you what if he didn’t tell you. He helped me with something and as payment he set me up here… as his agent. And then he went and had you kill him, didn’t he? But he did so without sending any further orders. He just… put me here and then went and died.”

Hearing her talk about his father’s death like that is a small source of irritation for Izuku, admittedly. The wound isn’t quite so raw anymore, but losing his dad still hurt… and still hurts to this day in fact. And yet… it sounds like the purple haired Heroics Teacher has reason to be so aggrieved. All for One didn’t make mistakes. He didn’t do ‘lapses in judgment’. Everything was part of the plan, always.

That meant Lady Nagant was a gift, just like the rest of the school’s faculty. Izuku didn’t know if there were any more direct ‘agents’ of his father among the school’s dramatically altered faculty, but he did know precisely why Nagant and all the others were here. They were post-mortem gifts from All for One, opportunities for Izuku to finesse and convince to his side.

But of course his father couldn’t make it easy for him. So among those gifts were individuals like Lady Nagant who knew FAR more than the others. Landmines that Izuku was expected to carefully navigate without letting them blow up in his face. Heh, even now he was being tested. It was almost… nice in a way.

“He did. Have me kill him that is. It was his decision. His plan. It was… the culmination of everything we’d worked on together. For years.”

Lady Nagant’s eyes narrow at that and something Izuku doesn’t recognize at first passes through her gaze. Then, she shakes her head.

“… You’re not old enough to be talking about working on something of this magnitude for years.”

She doesn’t try and call him out on it. She doesn’t try to say All for One isn’t really dead. She must have done her own independent investigation and come to the conclusion that his father was really gone long before having this confrontation. That’s when Izuku realizes what he saw in her gaze. Concern. Letting out a quiet laugh, Izuku just shrugs.

“I am what my father made me I suppose. But… I’m also what I wanted to be. What this world needs me to be.”

At this point, was there really any point in holding anything back? Nagant leans forward at that, suddenly showing him an aggressive sort of interest.

“And what is that, exactly? What did your father want you to do once he was gone? What does the world need you to be?”

Izuku straightens up, his eyes flashing as he thrusts out his chin.

“It didn’t really matter what All for One wanted from me, all things considered. He was going to be dead after all. What mattered… what mattered was what I wanted. And what I wanted was to fix this broken world. To change our shitty, faulty, and altogether corrupt system of doing things. My father played the role of the villain for hundreds of years, acting as the foil for countless would-be heroes. And yet… things didn’t get better. They only got worse.”

Lifting a hand, Izuku clenches it into a fist as he stares down at it for a moment, feeling the power coursing through him.

“… I’m going to do what neither my father nor All Might ever could. I’m going to change things. The status quo is broken, so it’s time to get rid of it. I’m going to make a new world… a world where heroes are actually heroes and not reliant on one Pillar of Hope to prop them up. A world where organizations like the Commission can’t get away with their shady practices for the sake of ‘peace’ anymore.”

That last bit he tacks on purposefully, watching Nagant carefully for her reaction when he brings up her old stomping grounds. And she does react, to be fair. The mere mention of the Commission is enough to make the former Pro Hero jolt in response. Though if he’s reading her correctly, it’s not because she’s working for the Commission… but because she agrees with him.

“I’m in.”

Izuku blinks at that though. Even if she agreed with him…

“You’re in?”

Nodding sharply, Lady Nagant has this determined look on her face.

“I believe you. You haven’t lied to me a single time since this conversation began. And that means… that means you’re the best shot this country has at a better future. Maybe that’s why All for One set me up here. So I’d run into you and naturally see you for what you represented. Or maybe he had something else in mind. In the end, it doesn’t really matter. I owe him for what he did for me… but more than that, I want to see the world you hope to create. And the best way of doing that is by helping you create it with my own two hands.”

Izuku hesitates for a moment, a little… no, scratch that. He’s actually very caught off-guard by Nagant’s impassioned speech. He’s beginning to suspect that the Commission did more of a number on the purple haired woman than he ever could have expected. And that whatever his father helped her with, it had a lot to do with getting her away from that work.

When taking that educated guess into consideration, it actually made plenty of sense that Nagant was so readily on board with his proposal of a better world. Even still, he-

Izuku blinks as the Sniper Hero suddenly pushes off of her office door and begins strutting forward towards him.

“You don’t need to worry about the Principal. Nezu thinks that he and I are on the same page but he didn’t even know about my connections to your father before he told me all about you. I took the liberty of making sure this room was clear of listening devices and bugs beforehand though, so he won’t know about this conversation. Still, we have to make this believable.”

Izuku blinks… as Lady Nagant drops to her knees right in front of him and reaches for his belt buckle. He’s so caught off guard by the serious woman’s sudden change of pace that she manages to unbuckle his belt and unzip his pants before he finally reacts.

“What… what are you doing?”

The deadpan, no-nonsense look that Nagant gives him makes Izuku flush a little.

“What does it look like I’m doing? We both know you’re a pervert, Midoriya. Why do you think Nezu wanted me to investigate you in the first place? He’s well aware that you’re successfully sexually subverting his staff members one by one. He sent me to get close to you, to make sure it was ONLY sex and nothing more nefarious.”

Wait, what?! Izuku has to spend a moment wrapping his head around that. Nezu knew he was having copious amounts of sex with several teachers… and didn’t care enough to stop it? Rather, the nonhuman Principal simply wanted to make sure Izuku wasn’t a villain in disguise so he sent Nagant to fuck him and find out for real?!

The feel of Lady Nagant’s lips on Izuku’s cock brings him back to reality and he looks down to see her dutifully beginning to suck his dick.

… So, this was happening now apparently.
Chapter 50: Lady Nagant Pt. 3
Chapter Text

A/N: The big Five-O!

Also if you've enjoyed reading this story and want to hop on board my next story right at the moment of its conception, please check out The Soul Engine for me! It just started and I'm really excited for it~

-x-X-x-

As she takes him in her mouth, Nagant has an unobstructed view of Izuku Midoriya’s face. As a result, she sees the moment of indecision and contemplation in his expression. Where he decides whether to let this continue or not. Frankly, she doesn’t know who he thinks he’s fooling. Himself, perhaps? She knows full well that he’s a pervert. This… this was necessary, in order to keep Nezu in the dark.

Though admittedly, the purple-haired woman is a little surprised by how good his cock tastes. She’s never performed fellatio on anyone before. That’s not to say she’s not ever had sex, because she has. She’s no virgin. But her life as a Commission Hero had precluded her from ever having a serious relationship, and at least in Nagant’s eyes, oral sex had no place in one night stands.

Was that weird? Perhaps. But for her to be willing to kneel down and debase herself by using her mouth on a man’s cock, she had to feel a certain way about that man in turn. Hm, then again, here she was doing exactly that for Izuku Midoriya, wasn’t she?

… Even still, she doesn’t stop. Bobbing up and down on his cock dutifully if inexpertly, Lady Nagant sucks away at his growing member, feeling him getting harder and thicker in her mouth as she goes.

Midoriya had been quite… convincing. Just listening to the young man, it had become readily apparent that he had a vision for the future. One that Nagant could actually see herself getting behind. A world where heroes were actually heroes and organizations like the Commission wouldn’t have to exist… she wanted to see that world. She wanted to live in that world.

Though admittedly, a part of her wondered if she should even be allowed to. As she slides her lips along his growing shaft, as she feels his cockhead tickle the back of her throat, Nagant reflects on her past… and her future. Did she deserve to see the world that Izuku Midoriya wanted to create? Did she deserve to be a part of it?

… Part of her said no. Her crimes were too great, too numerous. She deserved to be punished. To be locked away and never see the light of day again. In fact, perhaps she deserved worse than that. Perhaps she deserved death.

Such macabre thoughts egg Nagant forward and before she knows it, she’s choking herself on Midoriya’s cock. The young man is well-endowed but its more than that… the taste of his precum has hit her tongue and she finds herself enjoying it far too much, just as she’s enjoying the taste of his member far too much. In light of that, Nagant punishes herself by forcing her way further down his dick than she can possibly handle.

“Glughk! Glughk! Glughk!”

Face fucking herself upon his member is the least she deserves and she knows that. However, even as she gags and gurgles up and down the length of his shaft, making more and more fluid and saliva as she goes, Nagant reflects that… she doesn’t want to die. Nor does she want to be imprisoned. In the end, it doesn’t really matter what she deserves, does it? Because ultimately, she’s too selfish to turn herself in or off herself for her crimes.

It was why she’d taken All for One’s offer in the first place back in the President of the Hero Commission’s office. If she really wanted to, she could have rejected All for One’s offer. Turned herself in for the President’s murder. And served a sentence for that crime in lieu of all the other crimes she’d committed in the dead man’s name.

She hadn’t though. She’d let All for One clean up after her. She’d let him sweep it all under the rug. She’d even let him dissolve her ties with the Commission so that she could come and work at UA.

… And now she was letting his son have his way with her, because she was selfish. Because a part of her wanted this as much as she wanted to see Midoriya’s better world.

“Fuck… I’m getting close.”

His warning comes in the midst of her introspection and Nagant pauses for half a moment to consider her options. Then, she begins to suck his cock all the harder and faster, albeit without the previous choking and gagging. Instead, she moves her mouth back to just the first half of his cock, bobbing up and down on THAT at a rapid pace. Until finally, a few moments later, the young man she’s fellating lets out a heartfelt groan.

His seed hits her tongue a moment later and Nagant’s eyes widen at how good it tastes. Before she even knows what’s happening, she’s swallowing down his load. It had always been her intention, to be fair. How better to… make her loyalty clear, right? But now it’s not simply about that. No, she’s once again doing something for her own selfish reasons, drinking down Midoriya’s cum because SHE wants it, not for anything else.

Loud gulping noises fill the office for a few moments, and then it’s over and Midoriya’s balls have emptied. Pulling back off of his cock with a pop, Nagant rests her backside on her heels as she lays her hands on her knees. Panting a bit from the exertion, the purple-haired woman looks up at Izuku, fully intending to cut things off here.

However, before she can do so… the twitching catches her attention and her eyes slowly slide back down the young man’s body to his crotch. Nagant stares for a moment at the sizable, throbbing member… that despite just cumming, is still rock hard and ready for action.

She opens her mouth… and then closes it after a moment, unsure what to say. But then… she couldn’t leave a mission half-done, could she? That was never something that had been allowed back at the Commission, and while she might not be with them anymore, it was still something ingrained into her.

Seeing Izuku Midoriya’s big fat cock right in front of her, Nagant bites her lower lip… and then reaches down and pulls up her top, removing it entirely. To be fair, it was already stained with significant amounts of drool and saliva. Her bra on the other hand was untouched, but she removes that as well as she exposes herself to Izuku.

Wrapping one arm under her bust and lifting it up, Nagant straightens her spine and juts out her chest, looking Midoriya right in the eye.

“… How do you want me… sir?”

His cock jumps at that, while his eyes widen. He’s silent for a moment… and then he’s moving, fast as a snake. If not for her own training, she wouldn’t have even seen him coming. As it is, she doesn’t try to fight him as he lifts her up off of the ground, spins her around, and plops her right down on the edge of her desk.

His hands go to her belt and her pants and he divests her of them as fast as humanly possible… actually, probably faster than humanly possible. But then, they lived in the Age of Quirks. Inhuman was just the name of the game now.

Regardless, Nagant is a little embarrassed by how wet she is, even before he places his cockhead against her slit. She’s expecting him to comment… but instead, Midoriya just grunts as he thrusts into her. All she can do is gasp as he fills her with his length, stretching out her insides and… and immediately making her cum a little bit from nothing but that first penetration.

The purple-haired woman’s eyes go wide as she experiences that minor orgasm at the end of his cock. She’s never… no man has ever managed to do THAT with her before. Most haven’t even managed to actually get her off before they were done. Of course, none were as well-endowed as Midoriya. But also, she hadn’t fellated any of them ahead of time either.

Now she was wondering if she’d been missing out all this time. Or perhaps it was simply a matter of Midoriya being that much better than anyone else. In the end, Nagant doesn’t have long to consider it, because he’s soon fucking her harder than she could have imagined possible. His cock slams in and out of her cunt so fast that the purple-haired woman sees stars, her eyes going crossed and her wanton moans filling the room.

She’s normally much more composed than this… but at the same time, she’s normally not impaled upon a big fat cock being railed upon her own desk like this. Nagant just hadn’t expected it to feel THIS good. Having him inside of her was one thing. But the way he was fucking her, the way he was stretching her like no other man before him…

The purple-haired woman tries her best to hold back her next climax. She doesn’t want to seem like too much of a slut. But in the end, it soon overtakes her and no amount of trying to resist the pleasure stops Nagant from crying out and cumming explosively upon Midoriya’s cock. She doesn’t deserve to feel this good. She doesn’t deserve for it to be this pleasurable.

She-

“Kaina.”

Still coming back to her senses, Nagant reacts involuntarily to hearing her birth name spoken to her. In an instant, her right arm comes up and rearranges itself into a rifle configuration that plants against Izuku Midoriya’s chest. The both of them freeze at that. Her Quirk still has to be loaded of course, so there’s no real danger unless she makes a bullet from her hair and feeds it into her hand. But even still, the action has been done.

And yet, far from being upset or angry with her, Izuku just smiles at her almost pityingly. Nagant narrows her eyes and flushes, not immediately removing the barrel of her Rifle from his chest.

“… I don’t go by that name anymore.”

Reaching past her arm, Izuku brushes some of her hair out of her face and shakes his head.

“You don’t deserve to be punished for the rest of your life for the things that they made you do. And I think… I think the girl you once were would be happy for you to reclaim her name as your own. Your name as your own.”

For a long moment, she just stares up at Midoriya in shock. Finally, she pulls back in her Quirk, returning her right arm to normal. But she can’t bring herself to respond. Instead, she turns her head away and just stays quiet as Izuku looks down at her for a long moment before letting out a low sigh.

Then, he goes right back to fucking her. He fucks her just as hard and fast as before and despite Nagant’s best efforts to keep her composure and maintain her silent treatment… it’s impossible. It feels too good. It’s not long before involuntary moans are escaping her lips. Her breasts bounce and jiggle with the force of his thrusts. Her body shudders and quivers under him. Finally, she can’t even keep her eyes turned away forever.

Eventually, Nagant looks back up at him. At this impossible young man fucking her on her desk, plowing her silly but also… also trying to break away the crust that’s formed around her heart. He’s definitely making far better progress with the first task than the second. And yet… the more she cums for him, the more Nagant wonders if he’s right.

Could she ever be redeemed? Could she ever be forgiven? Was it possible… that she could live in the world that Izuku Midoriya wanted to create after all?

… One thing was certain. She would help him create his new world if nothing else. Afterwards… afterwards she would decide if she deserved to exist in it or not. For now, Lady Nagant lets herself be drowned in the pleasure that Midoriya is forcing onto her. She lets herself go as he fucks her through orgasm after orgasm, showing just how he’d managed to create a harem out of UA faculty and students alike in such short order. And she… enjoys herself. Just a little bit. For once.

-x-X-x-

Leaving Lady Nagant, aka Kaina Tsutsumi, behind in her office fucked silly and dripping with his cum, Izuku has a slight smile on his face. He certainly hadn’t minded this detour. Not only had it given him an additional view into his father’s actions leading up to the man’s demise, but it had also resulted in Izuku picking up a new ally.

Of course, he would need to be careful with Nagant going forward. She deserved to be treated like more than a weapon, after all. That was why he’d called her by her real name, damn the consequences. She deserved to be treated like a human being, and if no one else was going to do that, then it would have to be Izuku. Even Nezu had tried to use the woman. Honestly, did no one have any class these days?

Just as Izuku is thinking that, he steps out of the UA school building and runs right into Momo Yaoyorozu, the beautiful heiress immediately stepping into view the moment she sees him coming.

“I-Izuku!”

Feeling a little bad considering he’d said he’d be just a moment, Izuku flashes Momo an apologetic smile.

“Sorry Momo. Things took a turn for the… well, better I would say. But I didn’t mean to make you wait quite this long, I promise.”

Looking nervous but also terribly excited, Momo squirms for a moment before shaking her head.

“It’s totally fine, honestly… I figured it would be something like that, so I took a risk and left to prepare before coming back to wait for you~”

Izuku blinks at that. Wait, had Momo assumed they would wind up having sex for an hour before even Izuku had known that was happening?

… Was he becoming predictable?

Before he can get too concerned over that, Momo suddenly grabs him by the hand.

“Please… come with me?”

Chuckling, Izuku intertwines his fingers with hers and nods.

“Of course.”

In moments, they’re bundled into a car and driving off. In minutes, they arrive outside of a lavish-looking hotel. Not a love hotel, because of course someone like Momo couldn’t be caught dead at a place like that. And yet… as they make their way in through a back entrance and take an elevator all the way up to the top floor, Izuku figures he already knows where this is going.

Though, as they finally arrive at the penthouse suite and Momo leads him in, even he has to admit, he doesn’t know who to expect. He didn’t bother keeping an eye on Momo, wanting it to be a surprise when the time finally came. And so… seeing Itsuka Kendo naked and tied up on an incredibly extravagant bed is as much a surprise as it is a delight.

She blushes as his eyes fall upon her and quickly looks away, but her heaving chest and wet slit makes it obvious how aroused she is right now. Meanwhile, Momo hugs him from behind, pressing her tits into his back and roaming her hands up and down his front before reaching for his crotch.

“She’s all ours, I-zu-ku. What do you want to do with her first?”
Chapter 51: Itsuka Kendo
Chapter Text

A/N: Pecking Order~

Also if you've enjoyed reading this story, please check out The Soul Engine for me! It would really mean a lot!

-x-X-x-

Itsuka Kendo. The Class Rep for Class 1-B of UA High School’s Heroics Department. Now, some of the more ignorant students in Class 1-A might have thought that Class 1-B were just the leftovers. Obviously it had to be Class 1-A that were the cream of the crop, right? To be relegated to Class 1-B meant you were… little better than a sidekick.

Obviously, Izuku wasn’t an idiot like that. He knew full well that the distribution between classes, while not random, also had nothing to do with perceived skill level or Quirk Strength or any of the garbage that your average hero-in-training liked to use as part of the proverbial dick measuring contest. He himself had had just as much chance of being assigned to Class 1-B as he had Class 1-A. It wasn’t something he’d worried about one bit, so in the end it had been left up to fate.

Of course, that had him wondering. Was there a version of events where the roles of these two lovely young ladies were reversed? A world where he was placed in Class 1-B and wound up seducing Itsuka instead? A world where he sent her on a hunt and she came back with her fellow Class Rep to feed to his unquenchable lust?

… Probably not. Put bluntly, the circumstances that had led them to this point were so uniquely Momo in origin that it wasn’t even funny. Maybe if he’d gone out of his way to mold her into a hunting hound Itsuka could have been trained to fetch like Momo was currently doing, but Izuku would have had to have thought of the idea in the first place.

By comparison, Momo had basically come up with all of this almost entirely on her own. It was her own fetish for seeing him dominate and claim other women that had led them to this point, to the point where Momo was reeling in prey for him in the form of her fellow Class Representative.

With all of that considered, Izuku ponders Momo’s question for a moment longer.

“She’s all ours, I-zu-ku. What do you want to do with her first?”

What did he want to do with Itsuka first? Nothing, as it turned out. Because personally, he wanted Momo first. With that said… Izuku turns the tables on his darling heiress of a girlfriend before she can blink. What starts out as her hugging him from behind and whispering into his ear abruptly becomes Izuku hugging Momo from behind, his hands traveling up and down her perfectly sculpted body as she squeaks.

“O-Oh!”

Chuckling as Momo goes a little weak in the knees, bending them and dipping down below his head as a she leans forward into his touch, Izuku’s eyes twinkle as he looks directly at Itsuka. The bound orange-haired heroine-in-training is frozen under his gaze, her chest continuing to heave in flustered anticipation, her slit positively gushing with excitement. She can’t look away now… especially not as he toys with Momo, steadily exposing her flesh by pulling up her skirt and shirt, releasing her breasts from their confines and exposing her naked cunt.

With a lustful growl, still maintaining eye contact with Itsuka, Izuku leans forward and speaks directly into Momo’s ear.

“Tell me, Momo. Tell me how this came about. Did she know from the beginning that this was where she was headed?”

Rubbing his crotch against Momo’s backside, Izuku grins when his girlfriend wiggles back against his throbbing erection with a moaning mewl. He wants to make sure she knows that he’s not starting some sort of inquisition or trying to pass judgment on her or anything like that. No… this is all just to heighten the mood. He honestly doesn’t care how she got Itsuka here so long as the other girl is willing. And given the lack of protest and general arousal, Itsuka Kendo was VERY willing.

“N-No… she didn’t know about you… initially.”

Momo gasps and groans as one of Izuku’s hands finds her tit, while the other dips down between her legs. She doubles over that hand even further as he slips three fingers up into her sopping wet snatch, finding her to be just as wet if not more so than Itsuka visibly is right now.

“Oh?”

“Y-Yes… I… I claimed her for myself, f-first. I dominated her… I made her call me Mistress. I-I made her call herself my ‘good g-girl’…”

Hearing Momo describe it has Izuku harder than ever. He growls lustfully and removes his hand from her chest for a moment to free his cock from its confines. Then, he shoves his throbbing member right between Momo’s thighs, causing her to squeak and Itsuka’s eyes to dart down before going wide at his size. The bound girl on the bed’s lips part but not to speak… merely to breathe even heavier as she stares at his bulbous cockhead, poking out freely from between Momo’s thighs, hot-dogging her pussy lips.

Momo, meanwhile, moans and mewls, wiggling this way and that and clamping down on his dick betwixt her legs.

“Is that so? Itsuka Kendo… are you your Mistress’ good girl?”

Izuku’s amused tone fills the room as he finally addresses Itsuka. For a long moment, the bound heroine doesn’t even realize he’s speaking to her. She’s too mesmerized by the sight of his dick, sliding in and out from between Momo’s thighs. In fact, it’s not until Momo, amidst her moans, steps in, that Itsuka startles out of her trance.

“Itsuka!”

Momo’s sharp tone breaks her free and Itsuka blushes as she realizes what he asked her. Biting her lower lip, she quickly nods her head.

“Y-Yes… I’m… I’m Mistress’ good girl… M-Master…”

Going off the way Momo goes still in Izuku’s arms at that, she hadn’t coached Itsuka to call him Master ahead of time. But to be fair, there was a reason that Itsuka Kendo was Class 1-B’s Class Rep, wasn’t there? There was a reason she and Momo were so similar. The girl was smart, as well as quite quick on the uptake.

Chuckling in amusement, Izuku pulls Momo’s arms back behind her and in the same moment slides his cock back until he’s lined up with her cunt. Then, he thrusts forward into her. The beautiful raven-haired heiress’ melodic moaning squeal is like music to his ears as he finally penetrates her from behind. His cock fills Momo up and she shudders in ecstasy, damn near cumming on the spot from the impalement.

Knees bent, body leaned forward, ass pushed back against his crotch, the heroine-in-training shudders in his arms, no doubt giving her freshly trained pet quite the show in the process. Itsuka certainly sees something she likes about the face that Momo is making right now, because she can’t seem to decide between staring at her Mistress’ expression… or watching down below, where his throbbing member is piercing into Momo’s twat again and again.

Fucking Momo with deep, filling thrusts, Izuku eventually catches Itsuka’s eye, forcing her to lock gazes with him as he plows her Mistress from behind.

“What did Momo tell you was happening today, exactly?”

Itsuka blushes deep crimson before slowly answering in a submissive tone.

“She told me… she told me I’d been such a good girl that she had a reward for me. She brought me here and tied me up. She told me to wait and she’d be back soon with a surprise. We… we’d talked about both of us l-liking boys and girls before… so I suspected it would b-be a threesome…”

There it is again. Quite quick on the uptake. Clearly, Itsuka was as smart as she was naturally submissive. Izuku grins at her retelling of events. Of course, Itsuka isn’t quite done yet.

“I… I hoped it would be you, sir.”

Oh? Now that was interesting to hear. His smile widens, causing Itsuka’s blush to deepen and darken. Though, to her credit, she doesn’t look away again. She stares at him even as she squirms in her bindings, even as he continues to fuck Momo with deep thrusts that cause him to clap her cheeks each and every time.

“I was… aware that you and M-Mistress had a thing. And I wanted… I found myself f-fantasizing about it. Initially, I wanted to be in yours or Mistress’ place… but then when Mistress made me her good girl, I knew what I really wanted… to be a-allowed to join in on your and Mistress’ f-fun…”

One might think that Itsuka’s stuttering and stammering were a mark against her confidence. Izuku didn’t feel that way, however. The confession she was making was a mark FOR her strength, for her bravery. A little stammering or stuttering meant nothing in the face of the words coming out of her mouth. Words that would have been damning in other circumstances.

Slowly, Izuku begins to walk-fuck Momo forward. He thrusts into the moaning heiress from behind hard enough that she HAS to take a step closer to the bed. He then moves into the space she’s left behind, his cock never fully leaving her cunt. Step by step, they finally reach the end of the bed, with Itsuka watching all the while as Momo squeals and experiences a squirting climax on his dick. Her knees knock together and her legs shake… and Izuku knows that if it weren’t for his grip on her, Momo would have collapsed right then and there.

As it is, he keeps fucking Momo from behind while staring Itsuka right in the eye. Truth be told, he doesn’t want anything more from her in this moment than an audience, but the Class 1-B Rep seems to think his stare is an order to continue speaking.

“I didn’t… I didn’t know that you were to be my M-Master until you took over so quickly, sir… but once you had my Mistress moaning so e-easily… what else could I do but submit as well? After all… if I’m a good girl for my Mistress, I have to be a good girl for her Master as well, d-don’t I?”

Izuku tilts his head to that, even as Momo clenches down HARD on his cock, cumming again on the spot at having him called her Master. Chuckling, he shakes his head a bit.

“A solid interpretation of events, pet. But Momo isn’t like you. She’s my girlfriend. My right-hand woman. She doesn’t have to call me Master… unless she wants to.”

Itsuka finally averts her eyes at the light admonishment, while Momo…

“I-I want to! I want to… for tonight, M-Master~ Please fuck me harder, Master… please use me and my good girl to your heart’s content…”

Well now. That changes things a little bit. Izuku had really just been aiming to establish the pecking order when he’d decided to fuck Momo first in front of Itsuka. To make it clear he was in charge overall. But now Momo was begging to be dominated right alongside her pet. For him to take them both as his submissive little fuck toys for the evening.

Of course, there was a distinct difference between Momo and Itsuka all the same. For Momo and him, they would go back to being boyfriend and girlfriend on the morrow. Itsuka, on the other hand, would always be their pet. He could see it in the other Class Rep’s eyes. She wanted it. She wanted to be their shared toy. It was honestly quite cute.

Meanwhile, Momo was literally begging to be dominated right alongside Itsuka. And that… that Izuku could do. With a grin, he turns his hold on the gorgeous heiress into a push, shoving her forward off of his cock. Momo lands on the bed between Itsuka’s spread legs with a squawk, her face inches from her pet’s pussy as Izuku leans forward and grabs her by her ponytail.

“Momo… get Itsuka ready for me, please.”

He’s polite about it, but his tone is one of domineering command and brooks no argument. Disobedience will not be tolerated, not after they both BEGGED to be ordered about. Fortunately for her sake, Momo has no intention of being disobedient in the first place.

“Y-Yes… Master~”

Letting out a breathy moan, she leans forward and places her hands on Itsuka’s inner thighs, gripping and spreading them even further apart as she dips her face down into her pet’s sex. A moment later and Itsuka’s moans fill the air as Momo drives her tongue deep into the other girl’s cunt, beginning to eat her out right then and there.

Stroking his throbbing cock, Izuku just watches for a moment… then he steps forward and grabs Momo by the hips again, thrusting into her from behind once more. His dick fills her to the brim and goes nice and deep inside of her, jolting her forward even deeper into Itsuka’s gushing quim in the same stroke. Fucking Momo into her fellow Class Rep’s pussy, Izuku growls as he really gets into things, setting the pace… and the tone for how the rest of this afternoon and evening.

Fucking Momo is nothing new… but fucking her while she eats out another woman is certainly an interesting experience to say the least. And watching Itsuka’s face contort in ecstasy and pleasure as he fills up her Mistress which in turn causes her Mistress’ tongue to fill HER up more… well, that’s just the icing on the cake. Itsuka’s hands strain against her bindings and it’s obvious that if she weren’t tied up, the orange-haired heroine-in-training would be currently feeling herself up right now.

Or maybe she would be grabbing the top of Momo’s head, sliding her fingers through her Mistress’ hair. It wouldn’t be appropriate of course, given the dynamic between them, but things happen in the heat of the moment. Alas, fortunately for Itsuka, she has the bondage to make sure she stays a ‘good girl’. Though that doesn’t stop her from crying out and cumming all over Momo’s face as the fuck fest continues.

Izuku just smiles as he plows Momo from behind. Sure, he had a lot of things he needed to eventually take care of. For instance, he needed to contemplate further what it meant that Nezu had sent Lad Nagant to spy on him.

… But that could wait until he was done with these two. And given he hadn’t even fucked Itsuka yet, Izuku was FAR from done. No, rather… he was just getting started. Growling lustfully, he bends over Momo even further, mounting his ‘pet’ for the evening properly. Pounding away at her pussy, her gushing quim wrapped so tightly around his cock that he feels like he’s fit to blow, Izuku groans his lustful enjoyment and finally lets himself go.

He cums deep inside of Momo, filling her to the brim with his seed. But even when he’s done, he’s still rock hard. And even as he pulls out, he’s making eye contact with Itsuka. It’s her turn.
Chapter 52: Sports Festival Announcement
Chapter Text

A/N: In which we finally get back to the plot~

-x-X-x-

Momo, for her part, doesn’t even have to be told to get out of the way. The moment that Izuku pulls out of her, she slips off to the side, hand already dipping between her thighs to slip some of his cum out of her creampied cunt and bring it to her lips. As she lays there sucking her fingers clean and watching them with lidded eyes, Izuku snorts in amusement. She’s cute… but she’s already forgetting her place for the evening.

“Seems you’ve forgotten something, Momo.”

The raven-haired heiress’ eyes widen as he grabs her by her hair and yanks her head back over to his cock. Gasping in understanding, she looks up at him, even as she gives his messy dick a light kiss.

“Apologies, Master. The oversight is inexcusable~”

Izuku just hums, letting her ‘make it up to him’ by going down on his cock right then and there. As she begins to slurp up the mess they’ve made of his member, Izuku looks over to Itsuka, focusing on the ‘main event’ so to speak. More and more of his shaft disappears down Momo’s throat as the heroine-in-training sucks him off, all while Itsuka pants needily, the orange-haired girl’s breasts heaving up and down with every breath she takes.

He doesn’t say a word, just smiles at her… but that’s more than good enough for the bound Class Rep. Until finally, his cock is cleaned of his and Momo’s fluids, with only Momo’s spit polish remaining. Yanking her back off of his dick, he gives her a sharp nod.

“That’s better.”

“Thank you, Master~”

As Momo flops back into her previous position and goes back to fingering her creampied cunt while watching the two of them, Izuku moves between Itsuka’s forcibly spread legs. With the young woman tied to the bedposts, her limbs outstretched in every direction, she certainly seems helpless… completely incapable of stopping him from doing whatever he wants to her.

Of course, they all knew that wasn’t true. Sure, Itsuka’s bindings were on her wrists, meaning that her quirk ‘Big Fist’ was somewhat useless right now. Not entirely though. If she DID enlarge her hands to the gigantic size that she was capable of, she could wreak all sort of havoc on the bed and wall behind her, probably tearing up the bed posts keeping her tied down.

But more than that, Izuka knew Itsuka’s Quirk gave her baseline enhanced strength beyond the average human. And she was only tied down with nylon scarves of all things. So if she really wanted to, Itsuka could have broken free at any time. Needless to say, she clearly didn’t want to escape. She wanted to be his pet. She wanted to stay Momo’s good girl.

Running his hands up along Itsuka’s thighs, Izuku hums as the orange-haired Class Representative of Class 1-B shivers under him. His fingers ghost dangerously close to her slit… but then move further, sliding over her hips and her waist, along her flexing abdomen as she breathes and pants heavily from his featherlight touch.

Her eyes dart between his face and his cock, the twitching throbbing member between both of them and mere inches from her cunt. She wants him to fuck her. She wants to give all of herself to him. Smiling softly, Izuku finally lands his hands upon Itsuka’s breasts. Itsuka Kendo is… quite well-endowed in the chest department. Sporting a sizable set of tits, she can only moan as he gives them a nice, hard squeeze.

Playing with them for a time, Izuku doesn’t stop even as Itsuka moans under him, thrusting her chest up into his grasp and arching her back as best as she’s able.

“L-Like them, Master? Like my… my big fat tits?”

Chuckling at Itsuka’s hesitant attempts at dirty talk, Izuku looks down at her with a smile.

“I do like them. Very much.”

“I’m… I’m glad…”

Her pussy is all but humping the air right beneath his cock. Her need is obvious. She bites her lower lip, blushing profusely… but she doesn’t speak. Because she doesn’t consider it her place to speak. To acknowledge that she wants Izuku to just FUCK her already. He admires her resolve. He admires her determination to be a ‘good girl’. And so… he gives her what they both want.

His cock dips down and slides into Itsuka Kendo without so much as a ‘by your leave’. Her pussy stretches open for him while also tightening down in a paradoxically pleasurable sensation. Itsuka’s eyes go wide and her jaw drops open as she’s taken in an instant, his sizable member pushing DEEP inside of her in just a handful of seconds. Her breath catches in her throat, even as Izuku grunts at her tight wetness wrapped around his shaft.

She’s very ready for him, while also being incredibly tight. Virginal, probably, though there’s nothing to tear or anything like that. Even still, Izuku correctly deduces that Itsuka has never been with a man before, even as he begins to fuck her right there on the bed. To be fair, even if she had been, she’s never been with a man like HIM before.

Given this is their first time together, Izuku doesn’t hold back. Rather… he goes out of his way to make sure that it’s the best experience possible for the orange-haired young woman. With his Quirks, sex with him SHOULD be better than any other man in the whole wide world. If he can’t manage that much, then he’s failed.

That said, it’s no surprise that Itsuka cums for him almost immediately just a few thrusts in. Despite already cumming from Momo’s tongue, it doesn’t seem to have pulled the bound heroine-in-training back from the edge at all. In fact, as he continues fucking her sopping cunt, she can’t seem to STOP orgasming.

Part of that is Izuku working his magic with a number of quirks to make the experience as pleasurable for Itsuka Kendo as possible. But part of that is also her nature. She’s a natural submissive who has been taken in hand by Momo and Izuku both. As she’d previously confessed to him, she had watched them from afar and fantasized about taking one of their places… until eventually realizing she could have BOTH of them and exist at their feet, as their pet.

This, therefore, is like a dream come true for the gorgeous girl. As Izuku fucks her through orgasm after orgasm, he can see Itsuka losing the plot. He can watch in real time as he fucks the poor dear senseless, her eyes steadily rolling further and further back in her head, her tongue sticking straight out of her mouth. Her moans and squeals reach a fever pitch at a certain point, before being reduced to helpless, hapless gurgling.

Izuku watches in amusement as he thoroughly overwhelms Itsuka’s senses. And he’s not even really trying either. But the whole situation, the entire scenario she finds herself getting to play out in real life… it’s probably a fantasy she’s played out in her head a million times. And now here she is, getting to have it happen to her for real. It’s no wonder that she’s losing it on his cock.

Finally, with a low grunt, Izuku cums inside of her. But by that point, Itsuka is already entirely out of it. As he pulls out of her, the orange-haired girl’s head flops back into the pillows beneath it, her entire body covered in sweat. She might be bound spread-eagle to the bed and barely capable of moving, but that hasn’t stopped this from being quite the… physically exerting experience for her.

As he watches her quivering tits rise and fall, Momo slips up into place on the other side of Itsuka, one hand running along her body. Making eye contact with his girlfriend, Izuku grins.

“Mission accomplished, Momo. With this… gift… you can rest assured that I don’t just see you as my girlfriend anymore. From now on… you can be my right-hand woman.”

Momo’s eyes widen in surprise at that, but Izuku doesn’t give her a chance to respond. He just pulls her into a long, tongue-filled kiss. Truth be told, every day it seems more obvious to him that Momo Yaoyorozu is going to be his wife one day. She’s perfect in every way.

-x-X-x-

As Izuka and Momo pull back from their kiss over the top of Itsuka’s insensate form, looking into each other’s eyes for a long moment… Momo believes him when he says that she doesn’t have to prove herself to him any further. Really, she does. Her boyfriend has never really lied to her or misled her in any way that she knows of. So when he says that he accepts her as not just his girlfriend, but also as his right-hand woman, she believes him.

Even still, Momo had meant what she said back then, back when they’d been talking on the rooftop. She wanted to be an extension of his domineering presence. She wanted to help him conquer every single horny, needy slut that came begging for his cock. And sure, maybe now that she’d offered up Itsuka on a silver platter to Izuku, she could rest on her laurels. That was what he was offering her anyways.

But Momo didn’t want to do that. She didn’t want to stop now. She wanted… she wanted more. Both for herself and for Izuku. And she thought, maybe… that it was time to consider putting her family back on the table. She’d originally taken them off the table for a variety of good reasons, but now? Now that she’d proven herself with this first conquest, now that she’d solidified her place at Izuku’s side, she wanted to really impress her boyfriend with her next conquest.

Her stepmother, Kazehana Yaoyorozu, was the obvious choice of the three, of course. She was a pervert and a drunken lush through and through. Getting her into Izuku’s bed would be easy… maybe too easy. If her mother, Robin Yaoyorozu, CEO of Yaoyorozu International, found out that her wife was cheating on her with Momo’s boyfriend… there would probably be consequences of some sort.

That said, getting Robin on board with Izuku… well, it would take a lot more work. But Momo figured she could do it. The thing about her mother was that the woman was pure business, all the way through. All Momo had to do was show Robin that Izuku was a sure bet, and she could probably eventually pivot into… well, something else.

Then again, why start with her mothers at all? There was always Yor. Momo’s big sister was a rather large question mark though. Yor was very protective and a doting big sister, don’t get Momo wrong… but she was also a very private person. And Momo had always been too polite to do what most little sisters would do by invading Yor’s privacy and sussing out her secrets.

… Perhaps it was time for that to end. Izuku might say that he had full faith in her, but the truth was… Momo still felt this need to prove herself. To feed her domineering boyfriend and lover more lovely sluts to be broken upon the end of his cock. And what better way to truly prove herself… than to give Izuku her own family to sate his lustful appetites?

-x-X-x-

“Alright everyone! Big news today!”

Izuku lifts a brow as Rumi thrusts a fist into the air. Class 1-A listens raptly, though he suspects for some of them, it’s at least partially to do with who Rumi is. If nothing else, Mirko the Rabbit Hero knows how to command a room. Grinning from ear to ear, her rabbit ears twitching, Rumi plants her hands on her hips and thrusts out her chest.

“It’s funny, because I never attended this place. Nah, I trained up in Hiroshima at a place none of you have ever heard of, hah! And yet… I have to admit, even I’d heard all about U.A.’s Sports Festival!”

If anyone wasn’t paying attention before, they’re definitely paying attention now. And for those who might have been staring at the Rabbit Hero’s chest, well… they’re now much more focused on what she has to say, Izuku notes with no small amount of amusement.

“Yep! That’s right! You lot are all going to be taking part in the most anticipated Sports Event of the Year! At least here in Japan anyways. I dunno how popular it is for the rest of the world but be very aware that every moment you’re on the field, you’re going to be recorded and broadcast to millions! And not just that, either…”

Rumi trails off for a moment, a clear attempt at building suspense that anyone with two braincells could see through. Then again, her ham-fisted attempt works anyways, because what she’s talking about is of GREAT interest to everyone in the room. As she lets the tension build, most of Class 1-A finds themselves leaning forward in anticipation and with bated breath. Until finally…

“Ah, just out with it already, damn it!”

Katsumi Bakugou’s explosive outburst should have been expected, but it still takes pretty much everyone by surprise, Izuku included. After all, she’s been incredibly quiet every time he’s seen her ever since that day with her and her mother. But this, it seems, has finally broken her of her self-imposed silence, causing everyone to stare at her in disbelief, even though it’s fully in character for her to shout like this.

Rumi, for her part, just laughs and waves a hand.

“Right, right. Fine. It’s really simple, everyone. You’re all going to want to do your best in the Sports Festival, because not only is the world going to be watching, but Pro Heroes are going to be watching as well. This is your chance to get noticed by some big names. Especially since right after the Sports Festival is the yearly Pro Hero Draft where Pro Heroes can offer you lot chances to intern with them. Of course, most of the offers normally go to second or third-year students… but do your best and maybe one or two of you will receive an internship, yeah?”

There’s a beat of silence… and then cheers erupt from all over the classroom at the idea. Izuku, meanwhile, just leans back in his seat, a bit bemused. On the one hand, Hero Internships were great ways to build connections. On the other hand, he already had a lot of connections. Did he even want to place himself under the command of one of this generation’s current Pro Heroes? And if he did, who would he even go for?

The thought stays with him throughout the rest of class as Rumi lets everyone talk excitedly amongst themselves about what the Sports Festival will be like. Then, when lunch finally arrives, Izuku finds Nana of all people waiting for him outside of the classroom.

“Izuku… there’s someone who wishes to speak with you.”

Her tone of voice and all-around demeanor make it clear just who she means. Slowly nodding, Izuku follows her away from the classroom and towards the U.A. Infirmary.
Chapter 53: The Nurse's Office
Chapter Text

A/N: And now a check-in with the man who made all of this possible~

-x-X-x-

As Nana leads him to U.A.’s state of the art infirmary, Izuku ponders why this is happening now. Obviously, he was aware of how far Toshinori Yagi, aka All Might, had deteriorated over the last few months. He’d been keeping up with the Pro Hero and keeping an eye on Yagi’s actions. After turning down the job at U.A. and putting Nana in his place, All Might hadn’t simply faded into obscurity… no, he’d been intent on going out with a bang.

Back when the Pro Hero had been training Izuku for those ten months before naming his successor and passing on his Quirk, Yagi had still been able to maintain his duties as All Might for about three hours each day. But after Izuku slew his father and revealed the truth about his parentage and Nana’s survival, the other man had suffered a massive blow to his health, reducing the amount of time that he could maintain his All Might persona to less than an hour each day.

Rather than take a breather and try to recuperate, Yagi had put the pedal to the metal, so to speak. He’d left Nana to take over his position as Heroics Teacher at U.A. and then gone out and done his all to use what time he had left for heroics each and every day. Izuku figured it was because All Might felt like it was the only way he could make up for his failures or something… but admittedly, he couldn’t say for sure.

What he did know for sure was that All Might’s time out in public had become shorter and shorter since the school year began. From just under an hour to less and less… until at this point, even the general public was starting to realize something was up, given All Might was only seen for a handful of minutes each day at most.

They made excuses of course, and All Might’s allies and PR team likely did a lot in shaping the public discourse around the Pro Hero’s slow fading. Everyone loved the idea that All Might was just doing things out of view that they couldn’t see. It was certainly easier for them to all stomach that their Pillar of Peace was merely working behind the scenes, rather than slowly disappearing entirely.

But there was also more and more talk of Endeavor becoming the Number One Pro Hero the next time the Rankings were updated. All Might had his track record to lean on, but there was simply no denying that Endeavor was out there putting in far more time than his rival these days. And slowly but surely, the people who decided those things were beginning to take notice, forced to acknowledge that Endeavor was finally overtaking the Pillar of Peace.

Still, what had made Yagi come to U.A. after all this? He could understand the Pro Hero stopping by for a check up from Recovery Girl, but what had made him decide to ask for a meeting with Izuku of all people?

As he and Nana reach the Nurse’s Office, U.A.’s premier infirmary maintained by Recovery Girl herself, the dark-haired heroine opens the door for him and Izuku steps inside. He blinks in surprise when he’s immediately accosted, however.

“Who are you?! We have a patient resting right now!”

The blonde, clad in a somewhat scandalous nurse’s outfit, gets in Izuku’s face with her hands on her hips and her eyes narrowed, even as her bust bounces right in his face. She also, he notes, has a pair of cat-like robotic ears atop her head, and a tail swishing back and forth behind her.

“Ryuko… don’t be ridiculous. The patient told us he had a guest coming by. Do you really think this isn’t them?”

Behind the blonde, meanwhile, is another woman in a nurse outfit with technological cat ears and a cat tail. She seems much calmer and more reserved than her counterpart, crossing her arms over her own substantial bust and shaking her head at ‘Ryuko’s’ antics.

“A-Ah! Shino is probably right! But even if she isn’t… you shouldn’t be so aggressive with people, Ryuko!”

And finally, off to the side is a third cat-nurse with long green hair. She wrings her hands for a moment in front of her, bouncing on the balls of her feet and squirming like she has too much energy and doesn’t know what to do with it.

The Wild, Wild Pussycats. Or rather, the former Wild, Wild Pussycats. Izuku was aware of their presence at the school, just like he was aware of every single person in U.A., both faculty and students. He knew them all by their Quirks more than anything, truth be told.

Still, seeing them all together like this, he quickly identifies Pixie-Bob, Mandalay, and Ragdoll. Otherwise known as Ryuko Tsuchikawa, Shino Sosaski, and Tomoko Shiretoko.

Whirling on her teammates, the hyperactive Ryuko looks betrayed as she lets out a loud ‘harrumph!’.

“Recovery Girl put us in charge of holding down the fort while she was away! I don’t know why you both aren’t more careful about just who is allowed in here. Besides, the patient said he was only expecting ONE guest… and yet there are TWO of them!”

Izuku and Nana share a glance as Ryuko lifts up two fingers like her observation is some sort of smoking gun. Shino, meanwhile, rolls her eyes and shakes her head.

“Yes but one of them is Nana Shimura… a Heroics Teacher. And it’s obvious the young man she’s escorting is a student. So maybe instead of acting like they’re here to commit a crime, you should do as we’ve been trained and ask whether they need nursing assistance… or if maybe they’re here to see our patient after all.”

It was a little tragic, what had happened to the Wild, Wild Pussycats. They were an up and coming hero group before they’d been hit by a pretty big loss just a few months ago. Their fourth member, Tiger, had died in the line of duty and from what Izuku heard, it hadn’t been pretty. He’d died slowly, too fast for medical services to reach him, but slow enough that if any of the other Pussycats had been trained in medicine, they might have been able to stabilize him and save his life.

… Basically, he’d died in their arms. A preventable death, according to the Pussycats themselves. In their statement announcing their extended sabbatical, all three girls had been of the same mind. Basically, they could have saved Tiger if they were better trained in medicine, and until they had completed their training at the hands of Recovery Girl, one of the premier healers in the nation, they would not be Pro Heroes again.

Honestly… Izuku could respect that. He DID respect that. Quite a lot, in fact. Their desire to better themselves, to make themselves stronger before daring to use the name Pro Hero… he liked it a lot. And he wasn’t just saying that because the three female Pussycats all looked great in their nurse outfits either. Honest.

Whipping back around to them, Ryuko, aka Pixie-Bob, slowly nods her head.

“R-Right… apologies for the way I reacted t-to your entrance. Do either of you have injuries that need to be looked over? Recovery Girl is out right now, but as her proteges, I can assure you that we three combined are just as good!”

Judging by the look on Mandalay’s face, she doesn’t agree with that. But fortunately, it doesn’t need to be put to the test.

“Err… we’re fine, actually. As was previously said, I’m pretty sure I’m here to see your patient? The one who told you he’d be having a guest?”

Ryuko’s face falls, while Shino nods, stepping forward.

“Of course, right this way…”

She trails off and Izuku gives her a smile.

“Izuku, ma’am. Izuku Midoriya.”

He thinks she blushes just a little bit at his smile, but she manages to hide it pretty well under the cover of professionalism.

“Right this way, Mister Midoriya.”

As the former leader of the Wild, Wild Pussycats leads him down the hall, Izuku notes that everyone else follows them. Nana is close behind of course, but also Ryuko and Tomoko both come as well. He doesn’t comment on it though, even as he’s brought to a private room at the back of the Nurse’s Office and the door is opened to let him inside.

Just as expected, All Might waits for him inside… though not actually AS All Might. Instead it’s Yagi who lays in the bed, looking as bad as ever and resting back against what seems like way too many pillows. Izuku gives the pillow mound a curious glance, only to have his intrigue immediately satisfied a moment later.

“Ah! Mister Yagi sir, you look uncomfortable! Let me get you another pillow!”

Before Yagi could actually offer any sort of response to that, Tomoko Shiretoko has already leapt into action. The energetic and almost frantic green-haired woman hurriedly grabs a pillow from a nearby closet and proceeds to stuff it behind Yagi’s head and back, fluffing the ones already there for him to make sure he’s extra comfortable.

When she’s done, she pulls back with a hesitant smile, one that sees Yagi finally nodding to her after a moment of silence.

“… Thank you.”

“Oh! Of course, sir!”

Eyeing the interaction, Izuku quickly deduces that none of the Wild, Wild Pussycats actually know who Yagi really is. While Tomoko’s actions might make it seem like they knew, that was just her bombastic people-pleasing personality shining through, he was pretty sure. And indeed, Yagi looks at them all for a moment before focusing on Izuku. However, his next words are for the others in the room.

“Please… leave us. I must speak with Young Midoriya alone.”

“O-Of course… just let us know if you need anything.”

With that said, Shino is quick to usher her fellow cat-nurses out of the room and back down the hall. Nana, meanwhile, gives Izuku and Yagi a simple nod before stepping just outside as well. She closes the door behind her and then stands watch, ensuring their privacy for the time being.

Izuku, meanwhile, makes his way over to Yagi’s bedside. This man is the Pillar of Peace. The strongest Pro Hero in Japan, possibly the world. Or… he was. In actuality, this man is a mere fragment of what the Pillar of Peace used to be. And barely anyone knew just how much their pillar had crumbled in recent times.

“Midoriya… no, Izuku. Thank you for coming to see me.”

Izuku frowns at that, even as he takes a seat next to the dying man. Not that he thinks Yagi is going to keel over right here and now. Rather… this man has been dying for a long, long time now. Over a decade, in fact.

“Of course I came to see you. Why wouldn’t I?”

He doesn’t mention that Nana actually didn’t tell him outright who it was. They’d both known who she was talking about, so in the end it hadn’t mattered.

Meanwhile, Yagi closes his eyes at Izuku’s words and lets out a sigh… that turns into a coughing fit, blood winding up staining his hand when he brings it to his mouth to cover it. Izuku just watches, knowing there’s nothing to be done. All Might and All for One… neither of them could truly be healed of the injuries they’d dealt to one another. The fact that they’d both lived on for as long as they did after taking such grievous wounds was a testament to the sort of men they were.

Eventually, Yagi finishes coughing and shakes his head.

“… I failed you, Izuku. In so many ways, I failed you. Maybe you didn’t blame me at first, but I wouldn’t have been surprised if you came to realize just how much of the heartache you’ve no doubt suffered rests at my feet.”

Izuku stays silent at that, allowing Yagi to say his piece. After a moment of thought, the blond man continues.

“A boy should never have to kill his father, no matter how evil he is. Putting you on that path, forcing you to make that choice so early in your life… that’s on me. If I hadn’t abandoned Nana to All for One’s clutches, if I had made completely certain that he was dead. But… no. My own hubris led us down this path. And for that, Izuku, I am sorry.”

Reaching out, Izuku places a hand on All Might’s twig-like arm, being careful not to squeeze too hard.

“Apology accepted.”

He means it too. Yagi didn’t have all the facts, to be fair. While it was true that things would have been VERY different if the man had made sure Izuku’s father was really dead all those years ago, the simple truth of things was… Izuku had been set on this path a long time ago. And he was happy on this path.

Oh sure, he wasn’t happy that he’d killed his own father, but that wasn’t All Might’s fault either. All for One had all but ordered Izuku to do it. To take his life. That wasn’t on All Might. That was between All for One and Izuku. But of course, he couldn’t tell the ailing Pro Hero that. It would conflict with the story he’d already told. And so… he forgives All Might for his transgressions, both real and imagined.

Yagi lets out another shuddering breath and graces Izuku with a smile that’s half-pained grimace.

“Thank you, my boy. You’re much too good for me. But… there’s one more thing I must ask of you. The reason that I asked you to come see me today. I know I have no right… but even still…”

Izuku furrows his brow, not quite sure what the other man might be wanting to ask of him, truth be told.

“What is it? If it’s within my power, I’ll try to see it done.”

Another pause, and then Yagi gathers his strength.

“The U.A. Sports Festival starts soon. You’ll be taking part, I assume. My… my time as the Pillar of Peace is rapidly coming to a close, Izuku. I can only maintain my form as All Might for about five minutes a day at this point. But… the world still needs All Might. The world still needs its Pillar of Peace. That’s why… I want you to go out there and win, Izuku. I know you can do it. I know how strong you are. And once you’ve won, I want you to announce it to the whole world, with all your heart… that you are going to be your generation’s ‘All Might’.”

Izuku goes still, even as Yagi’s verbosity catches up to him. Saying that much at once? He was just asking for another coughing fit. And a coughing fit he gets, hacking up more blood as he doubles over in the infirmary bed. Meanwhile, Izuku just sits there, trying to decide what to say.

Because… out of everything All Might could have asked of him, this is the one thing Izuku simply cannot do.
Chapter 54: The Nurse's Office Pt. 2
Chapter Text

A/N: Izuku and Yagi have a heart-to-heart. And then the usual happens...

-x-X-x-

By the time Yagi’s latest coughing fit is done, Izuku has made his decision. He can’t tell the other man everything. He has no idea how Yagi would react to finding out that Izuku not only has One for All, but also All for One… and more than that, he’s been using All for One illegally as a ‘vigilante’. First with the bastard who was abusing Ryuko and then to fix Himiko’s Quirk.

Izuku is proud of what he’s been able to do so far, but Yagi… no, All Might is still stuck in the past. It’s not his fault, he’s literally dying from the final blow Izuku’s father dealt him. Still, that doesn’t mean Izuku wants to inadvertently make an enemy of the man in his final days.

… But at the same time, he also can’t bring himself to lie to Yagi. Sure, if the other man survives past the end of the Sports Festival, Izuku could easily pass it off as either not having an opportunity to do what Yagi asked of him, or simply a bad case of nerves and the weight of responsibility proving too heavy on his shoulders.

It wouldn’t be true though. Because the fact is, Izuku has no plans of being the next ‘All Might’. And Yagi deserves to know that much. He deserves at least that much honesty. And so, as the ailing man recovers from hacking up blood and looks at Izuku expectantly… Izuku gives his answer with a shake of his head.

“I can’t do that.”

Yagi’s response catches him by surprise, because rather than get angry, the dying Pro Hero just chuckles and smiles knowingly.

“I understand I’m asking a lot of you, Izuku. It might seem impossible to you as things are now. But believe me when I say I fully believe you have the potential to not just match me but surpass me. You can be the next All Might. You can be better, even.”

Ah, now he understands. Yagi thinks Izuku is saying ‘no’ out of fear or nervousness. Amusing, but also a little irritating. Shaking his head again, Izuku sighs.

“Sorry, let me rephrase that sir. It’s not that I can’t do as you say… it’s that I won’t do as you say.”

Now Yagi’s brow does furrow in consternation, his lips curling down into their more natural visage of a perpetual frown that he almost always has in this form. Izuku straightens up, squaring his shoulders and looking Yagi right in his sunken eyes.

“I refuse to be the next All Might, sir. I refuse to infantilize my classmates as well as the Pro Heroes that have come before me and that will come after me.”

Blinking, Yagi looks confused.

“What… what are you saying, young Midoriya?”

It’s funny. Despite working alongside his father for years in order to trick the man in front of him of giving up One for All… Izuku still feels a kinship to Yagi Toshinori. He also feels bad for the man. All Might was a Hero like any other… but it’s obvious that when it comes to the harm he did to the world with his mere existence, he has blinders on.

Reaching out, Izuku grabs one of Yagi’s hands in his own, giving it a gentle but firm squeeze.

“What you’ve done as the Pillar of Peace can’t be understated, sir. All the people you’ve saved… all the villains you’ve defeated. But I can’t follow in your footsteps. I can’t be the next you… because I think, ultimately, All Might was unhealthy for the world as a whole.”

Now Yagi looks shocked.

“Unhealthy? Young Midoriya… you truly believe that? I don’t understand…”

Smiling sadly, Izuku nods.

“I know, sir. I guess… I can try to explain my reasoning to you. You’re All Might. The strongest wielder One for All has ever had. You rose above everyone else and took on a larger than life persona in order to represent peace and order around the world but also most importantly in Japan. But… what happens when you’re gone? What happens when the Pillar of Peace stops existing to prop up the current status quo?”

Yagi rests back in the massive amount of pillows behind him at that, looking slightly mulish.

“You don’t think I haven’t thought about that? That’s precisely why I trained you to take my place.”

Izuku shakes his head again.

“But what happens when I’m gone, sir?”

“You would train your own replacement and pass on One for All as I did to you before that happened…”

“Would I? This isn’t an easy life we lead, sir. You were lucky to survive… that man’s final attack against you. What if you hadn’t? What if One for All had died with you? What if you’d never trained a protégé and gotten the chance to pass it on? Even if you’d successfully killed All for One at that time, but also died yourself… where would the world be?”

He thinks he’s finally starting to see the light of understanding in Yagi’s sunken eyes. Certainly, the dying man is quiet as he processes Izuku’s words. Forging ahead, Izuku continues explaining his reasoning.

“The world cannot continue to balance on the shoulders of one man, sir. And that’s what All Might’s very existence did. Sure, your reputation might have suppressed some villainy from ever even happening… but you also suppressed heroism.”

Yagi’s eyes widen at that, but Izuku isn’t done.

“There are still plenty of Pro Heroes worth a damn in service right now, don’t get me wrong. But how many people who might have stepped up and used their Quirks for good didn’t bother because ‘oh, All Might has it handled’? More than that, how many current Pro Heroes are only Pro Heroes for the money and the fame? How many only took up the profession because they believed that you were doing all the heavy lifting, allowing them to coast by with the bare minimum?”

The dying hero’s breath hitches at that.

“No… surely not. There are… plenty of Pro Heroes who aren’t slackers…”

Shaking his head, Izuku’s lips form a thin grim line.

“Maybe at the top. Those who are competing for the highest ranks. But even in the Top Ten, do you believe there’s anyone save for Endeavor who has even considered trying to surpass you? Endeavor wants to be the Number One Pro Hero, and he soon will be. But all the others… they’re content to just be very, very good. To be Above Average. They don’t strive for Excellence, because you’ve presented such an insurmountable challenge to overcome that it strangles most ambition in its cradle. Only a complete narcissist like Endeavor has the ego to overcome it.”

And even then, the things that Endeavor has done to try and surpass All Might… Izuku might not know the specifics, but he does know the dossier that he has on the Number Two Pro Hero doesn’t paint a pretty picture. Once All Might is completely gone, even if Yagi still remains, and Endeavor takes on the Number One spot… Izuku might have to act to disgrace the older man. But that was for the future. For now, regardless of his faults as a man, Endeavor was a strong Hero that kept the streets clean and saved people. That was good enough… for now.

“And that’s not all. There are those who are Ranked… and then there are the thousands of other Pro Heroes in Japan alone. What do you think the majority of them think will happen if a natural disaster strikes? Do they think to themselves, ‘it’s time for me to step up and help save the day’? Or do they think to themselves, ‘All Might will step in. He always does.’?

Yagi is completely silent now, with only the slow, unsteady rise and fall of his chest and the fact that his sunken eyes are staring intensely at him to let Izuku know he’s still breathing. Smiling sadly, Izuku gives Yagi’s hand a gentle squeeze.

“I promise that I will be the best Pro Hero you’ve ever seen, Yagi. I promise that I’ll do my best to surpass even you. But I can’t promise to be the next All Might, or to present myself as such. And I can’t promise to be the next Pillar of Peace once you’re gone. This world… it needs to stop leaning on one man for so much. That’s why I’m going to build a more solid foundation and hold the heroes just as accountable for their actions as the villains.”

Looking into Yagi’s eyes, doing his best to convey his sincerity, Izuku continues on.

“The world… the culture around Pro Heroes… it’s broken. And I’m going to do my best to use the power and training that you gave me to fix it.”

At that, he falls silent and waits for Yagi’s response. He has no clue what to expect from the dying man, truth be told. He’s been as earnest and honest with Yagi as he possibly can be. Without going into details, without revealing things that would instantly make Yagi his enemy, Izuku has told the older man the truth. But that doesn’t mean he’ll take it well. There’s every chance that this revelation alone will make Yagi regret making Izuku his successor.

The room is quiet save for the equipment monitoring Yagi’s vitals as he lays there in the medical bed. There’s also the belabored, unsteady breathing coming from the dying Hero as well. Izuku doesn’t look away though. He stares Yagi right in his sunken eyes until the other man finally speaks.

“Young Midoriya… I thought I couldn’t be any more surprised by you than when you made that impossible choice and saved us all from your father. But… this… you have shown me the depth of your conviction. And I cannot deny either your passion or some of the things you’ve said.”

That sounded a lot like Yagi didn’t completely agree with him. But also, that he wasn’t going to argue with him or blow up at him. So… best case scenario, maybe? Yagi’s hand, which has been loose and weak in Izuku’s grasp before now, even suddenly firms up as he grips Izuku’s hand right back and then reaches out with a surge of strength to clasp Izuku’s shoulder with his other hand.

“Your path is your own, Izuku. And maybe it’s not how I chose to do things… but your path is honorable all the same. I entrust the future of this world to you and your plans… and I pray that the world you build will be one you can be proud of. Do not falter. Do not look back. Always continue forward and don’t let anyone stop you from achieving your dreams. You-!”

Unfortunately, Yagi once again reaches his limit, cut off by another coughing fit that results in more blood as he’s forced to lean back again into the mountain of pillows behind him. In the end, by the time he’s done hacking up half a lung this time, he looks more weathered and worn than ever before. Letting out a rattling sigh, the dying man waves off Izuku’s concern.

“Go. I am not quite gone yet… but I do need a nap. Go and do what must be done, Izuku Midoriya. Save this world… in your own way.”

A few moments later and, true to his word, Yagi has already drifted off. But it’s obviously because at this point, sleeping is the standard as his body tries to conserve as much of his remaining energy as possible. Slowly but surely, now that his time as All Might has shrunk to nothing, it seems like his time in the waking world is liable to shrink to nothing as well.

To be fair though, he shouldn’t even BE alive with the injury that Izuku’s father gave him in their final confrontation. The man’s will to live and to keep on fighting is insane. But… he can rest now. Izuku will take it from here.

Feeling strangely bolstered by the conversation, even though he had to reject All Might’s request, Izuku slips out of the man’s room… only to blink when Nana gives him a certain hungry look.

“… There’s someone else who wishes to speak with you, Izuku.”

Oh? Just from Nana’s demeanor, he can tell this will be a different sort of ‘conversation’. Smiling slightly, Izuku lets Nana lead the way down the hall to another room… a storage room. Not an empty one though, because waiting for them inside, wringing her hands… is one Tomoko Shiretoko dressed in a skimpy, form-hugging Nurse’s Uniform.

However, the energetic and bombastic green-haired young woman is currently acting like neither of those things right now as she freezes up at the sight of them. Izuku just raises an eyebrow, prompting the Pro Hero known as Ragdoll to immediately confess the truth to him.

“I know that Mister Yagi is All Might! My Quirk, Search, allows me to keep track of people! I’ve been monitoring Mister Yagi since he arrived here a few days ago, so imagine my surprise when he sped out of here for a couple minutes each day only for All Might to show up at the exact same time!”

Oh. Well, that was awkward. He’d literally just told himself before his conversation with Yagi that he was pretty sure none of the former Pussycats knew about Yagi’s true identity. To find out he was wrong and there WAS more in Tomoko’s actions then met the eye… well, it was a little bit embarrassing, wasn’t it?

Of course, Izuku doesn’t have time to stew for long in his embarrassment, because Tomoko is suddenly in front of him, peering at him closely.

“You’re his protégé then, r-right? And Nana Shimura… she was his teacher!”

Ah. Now he was starting to understand. Tomoko Shiretoko… was a total All Might fangirl. To be fair, it wasn’t like she was lacking in company in that regard. Most law abiding citizens were fans of All Might.

From his side, Nana suddenly speaks up.

“Tell Izuku what we discussed.”

Blushing profusely, Tomoko averts her gaze for a moment, wringing her hands some more. Then… she reaches down and pulls up the skirt of her Nurse’s Uniform, revealing a lack of panties.

“If… if you wanted a personal check-up, sir… you just have to ask.”

Izuku blinks and then looks to Nana just in time for the older woman to offer him Tomoko’s panties as a trophy.

… Seriously? Was every woman in his life constantly going out of their way to draw in other women for him to fuck? When was the last time Izuku CHOSE to go after a girl, rather than having them brought to him? It was like he was surrounded by cats constantly bringing him the prey they were catching and seeking his approval over it…
Chapter 55: Tomoko Shiretoko
Chapter Text

A/N: Izuku embraces his role as the wrangler of a bunch of cats constantly bringing him the fruit of their hunts.

-x-X-x-

For a moment, Izuku is conflicted. Should he really be taking advantage of his connection to All Might to pursue some extra tail while the dying man is sleeping just down the hall? But in the end, with Nana looking expectant and Tomoko exposing her pantyless crotch to him, what else was Izuku supposed to do? Reject them? No, that wouldn’t be right. And even if it was wrong… Izuku had already made his peace with the sort of man he was.

He'd save the world a thousand times over if he could… but he would also claim every single woman that offered themselves to him. Because that was who he was at the end of the day. With a slightly exasperated but mostly amused chuckle, Izuku reaches out and takes Tomoko’s panties from Nana’s outstretched hands. The tall woman smiles at that, even as she takes a step back.

Holding her panties, Izuku glances over to Tomoko just in time to see the energetic Pussycat sneaking a glance in his direction, only to quickly avert her gaze again when she sees him looking her way. Chuckling a bit louder, Izuku balls up Tomoko’s panties and stuffs them in his pocket, trophy claimed. Then, he rolls his shoulders in a half-shrug.

“Sure. If it’s someone as cute as you, I’d take a personal check-up any day of the week.”

Tomoko’s face grows even more incandescent at that, but it seems to be exactly the right thing to say because she’s also smiling broadly now. However, under that broad smile is a degree of uncertainty as she then bites her lower lip, still standing there with the skirt of her Nurse’s Uniform pulled up exposing her.

“Ah… h-how would you like me to begin, sir?”

Rather than give her orders, Izuku just raises an eyebrow at her.

“How would I like you to begin? You’re the Nurse, Ms. Tomoko. Shouldn’t you be the one deciding how exactly to give me this… check-up? I’m just your patient, after all. I shouldn’t be making any decisions regarding treatment.”

Blinking rapidly at his words with those big eyes of hers, the green-haired catgirl cosplaying nurse hesitates for a moment… before nodding decisively.

“R-Right! Of c-course! Ah… please sit down over on the e-examination table, sir…”

It’s Izuku’s turn to blink, because this is a storage room and there is no examination table in here. But then Tomoko shyly gestures with her hand to a nearby crate and he shrugs and heads over. After making sure the thing isn’t empty and can actually take his weight, Izuku perches himself atop it, watching as Tomoko approaches, wringing her hands together for a moment.

Then, she leans forward. Since he’s perched atop such a large crate, she doesn’t have to kneel down for this. Instead, she only has to bend over at an obtuse angle and she can reach out for his crotch. Izuku watches in amusement as Tomoko alternates between fiddling with his pants and glancing up at him insecurely, trying to make sure she’s doing this right. He makes sure to give her plenty of encouragement in the way of broad smiles, which propel the enthusiastic catgirl nurse on until finally she has his cock freed from its confines.

A gasp leaves Tomoko’s lips once the green-haired young woman finally has him in her hands. Izuku won’t lie… he’s been suppressing an erection ever since he entered the infirmary. Not just Tomoko, but her friends too… they all made for very sexy catgirl nurses. That was on them, not on him. And after coming in here and finding out what Tomoko had to offer, Izuku had stopped restraining himself. His cock had grown very hard and very big very fast as a result.

“O-Oh! It’s so… i-is this my fault, s-sir? I’m so sorry… I have to take care of you, don’t I?”

As Tomoko psyches herself up, Izuku just chuckles some more.

“You and your friends.”

That causes her already big eyes to widen as they snap up to meet his gaze. For a second, Izuku doesn’t understand why she’s so surprised… then, he gets what’s happened as she blushes even harder and slowly nods, averting her gaze again.

“W-Well… if that’s what sir wants, I’m sure I can c-convince the others that we have a patient to take care of…”

When she starts to draw back, Izuku stops her with a cupped hand on her cheek, causing Tomoko to freeze in place.

“Heh, that’s not what I meant, Tomoko. I meant that you and your friends were responsible for leaving me in this state. Your outfits… don’t leave a lot to the imagination. You don’t have to convince the others of anything… unless you want to. But leave that for later, yeah? We’re in the middle of a check-up right now after all.”

Again, Tomoko gives him a slow, wide-eyed nod. It seems like his magnanimity has caught her off guard and truly taken her by surprise. Or maybe she’s just already contemplating ways she can seduce her fellow Pussycats into his bed for him. But hey… it seems like Izuku has a natural born gift for convincing women that they should offer up other women to him. He swears he’s not even trying… and yet here they are.

For the time being at least, Tomoko focuses her attention back on his cock. Izuku watches as the catgirl nurse slowly leans forward and opens her mouth, letting her tongue stick straight out. Finally, the tip of her tongue makes contact with his engorged member, causing Izuku to shiver and Tomoko to quickly pull back. She looks between him and his dick for a moment before getting an almost adorable look of concentration and determination on her face.

Resolved to do lewd things with her ‘patient’, the nurse-in-training leans forward again, this time lapping at his dick tip like a cat. Thank fuck she’s not an actual cat with a cat’s tongue though, because no man wants to feel sandpaper on their cock. No, rather, Tomoko’s tongue is nice and soft and wet as she licks at just the head of his member for a few seconds before going further, tonguing more and more of his shaft.

Eventually, she graduates from licking to sucking. Her lips are already open wide after all, and his cock is right there. Making a cute little ‘oomph!’ sound as she takes him into her mouth, Tomoko’s big eyes seem completely focused on his dick at this point. In fact, she goes cross-eyed just staring down the length of his shaft as she takes him an inch at a time into her mouth until he hits the back of her throat.

“Glughk!”

She pulls back of course, clearly having absolutely no experience with deep throating, nor any desire to do it. Truth be told, Izuku wonders what her experience with fellatio is in general. But… he’s not complaining. His sexy little catgirl nurse is very enthusiastic as she sucks what little of his cock she can without taking him down her throat. Each and every time she tries to go deeper, she turns back after gagging.

He could have taught her how to deep-throat a dick properly, of course. He could have taken control right then and there and seen just how connected to her head those weird-ass cat ears she and her comrades wore really were. But he doesn’t. Because this isn’t that kind of moment. In this moment, Izuku is the patient and Tomoko is the nurse. That means she has to be in control as she, heh, gives him his ‘check-up’.

That said, if Izuku is merely disappointed that Tomoko can’t take more than a few inches of his cock into her mouth, the green-haired woman is positively frustrated over it. Finally, she pulls back, looking displeased with herself as she frowns at his massive member before looking up at him and blushing.

“I… i-it would seem that I’ve p-prescribed the wrong treatment, sir. I realize where I went wrong though now. I’ve got… I have the right treatment right here…”

Then, clearly embarrassed but moving quickly to avoid second guessing herself, Tomoko turns around, bends over, and pulls up the skirt of her Nurse’s Uniform, exposing her bare-naked ass. More importantly, she arches her back and while holding up her skirt with one hand, uses the other hand to reach down between her legs and spreads her puffy, pussy lips for him. Dripping wet and glistening in the dim light of the storage room, Tomoko looks back at him as she offers herself up.

“Please sir. Put the… affected organ inside here. I’m s-sure we can get the swelling to go down if you d-do!”

Well… who was he to deny the nurse’s advice? Grinning wickedly, Izuku hops down off of the crate and grabs hold of Tomoko by the hips. The catgirl nurse squeaks and then moans as he presses just the tip of his dick against her slit and teases her entrance with it. But he doesn’t enter her. Not right away anyways. Instead, Izuku uses his grip on Tomoko’s hips to swing them both around, making her yelp as she’s forced to catch herself on the edge of the crate that he just got down from.

“Brace.”

That’s the only warning that Izuku gives before he plows forward. To her credit, Tomoko’s experience as a Pro Hero has given her plenty of skill in responding to commands in high pressure situations. She manages to brace herself against the crate half a moment before Izuku thrusts into her from behind.

Instantly, more of his cock disappears into Tomoko’s cunt then she’d managed to get into her mouth the entire time she was sucking it. Tomoko’s ensuing squeal is so loud that she quickly covers her mouth with one hand to try and quiet herself down. However, that doesn’t work for long because of the speed that Izuku is fucking her with. One hand on the crate isn’t nearly enough to brace herself properly as he begins jackhammering in and out of her from behind.

In the end, Tomoko is stuck between a rock hard cock and an inability to keep quiet. Fortunately for her, there’s an easy answer to that.

“Nana.”

It only seems fair… to both of them, really. Nana was the one who had presented Tomoko to Izuku in the first place after all. She deserved to get to join in on the fun. Tomoko, meanwhile, was a huge All Might fangirl… so of course she would be all too happy to eat out the pussy of his mentor, right?

Walking over, Nana climbs up onto the crate and grabs Tomoko by the back of her head, forcing the catgirl nurse’s mouth into her crotch. From the way Nana tosses her head back in quiet enjoyment and Tomoko’s cunt clenches down around his dick, not a moment passes by before the green-haired young woman quickly gets to work.

Spit-roasted between the two of them, Tomoko can do nothing but take it as Izuku fucks her from behind and Nana grinds her pussy into the nurse’s face. Not that she wants anything more than this from the feel of things. The orgasms on the catgirl nurse’s part come quickly and once they start, they don’t stop. She orgasms hard and fast upon his dick, and Izuku feels himself getting deeper and deeper inside of her, until eventually he’s ramming up against her cervix itself.

Every jarring thrust causes Tomoko’s back to arch. The catgirl nurse is on her tip toes now, her hips raised as high into the air as they can go, all to provide Izuku with better access to her cunt. She’s really enjoying herself, but then so is Izuku. Alas, all good things come to an end. The three of them enjoy each other’s company for as long as possible, but Izuku knows they’re stretching the time that they’ll be missed to its absolute limits.

And so, at the last second he pulls out of Tomoko and takes hold of her hair from Nana, yanking the surprised catgirl nurse away from the other woman’s cunt and spinning her around. To her credit, Tomoko adapts to having his cock in her mouth again remarkably well. And when he begins cumming a moment later, she even swallows his load like a proper professional, though her cheeks do chipmunk outwards rather cutely in the process.

Finally finishing emptying his balls, Izuku lets out a happy sigh as he pulls back from Tomoko’s lips. For a moment she’s still swallowing… then, she looks up at him with those big eyes of hers and smiles a slightly messy smile, her face covered in Nana’s juices.

“Next time you come around for a visit, sir… I promise I’ll have convinced the others to help me with your next check-up~”

Well. Heh, what else was Izuku to say in the face of such unflinching loyalty. He gives her a grin and a quick little head pat between the cat ears.

“I’m sure you will.”

-x-X-x-

The Yaoyorozu Family would be sacrificed upon the altar of Izuku’s manhood. This, Momo had already decided. Was it wrong to want to feed her mothers and sister to her boyfriend and lover? Perhaps, but if so, Momo didn’t want to be right. Still, the big thing was deciding WHO to feed to Izuku first. Approaching the conquest of her own family would certainly be a lot tougher than grabbing Kendo and converting her into a pet for Izuku had been.

That was why Momo had decided to start with a middle ground of sorts. Going after either of her mothers at this point in time felt a little daunting to be honest. Even if Kazehana, her stepmother, seemed like she might be the easiest of the three to convince on the face of it, the fact was… if Momo failed in any way, or was caught by her actual mother Robin, then she might be ruined before she could even get off the ground.

Her big sister Yor on the other hand… well, admittedly Momo didn’t know much about what Yor had going on. Only that she hadn’t wanted anything to do with being a Pro Hero or joining the family business. Maybe she just wanted to be normal? But at the same time, Yor loved Momo with all her heart. That much, she was sure of. Which was why… she was going to start with Yor. She was going to seduce her big sister.

Of course, the only issue there was how to go about it. Yor was barely ever home these days it felt like. And even if Momo could catch her at home, was it really a good idea for her to try and seduce her in their family mansion?

Maybe it would be better to actually set up an appointment, but that felt a little too clinical and distant, given their sisterly bond. Of course, Momo could always try and follow Yor on one of her outings instead. Maybe confronting her away from home while she was doing whatever mysterious things she liked to do would catch her off-balance.

One thing was for sure though. Yor was Momo’s next capture target! And she wouldn’t rest until she’d delivered her big sister, bound and gagged, to Izuku Midoriya’s feet!
Chapter 56: Thorn Princess
Chapter Text

A/N: Tried something a little different with this chapter, perspective swapping heh. Hope its fun!

Oh by the way, made the executive decision to change Nico Yaoyorozu to Robin Yaoyorozu, both in this chapter and every other chapter before. Decided Sunk Cost Fallacy wasn't a thing and went ahead and made the switch.

-x-X-x-

His phone rings and Izuku doesn’t hesitate to answer. After all, he recognizes the ringtone.

“Yo, bro!”

Smiling slightly, Izuku steps off to the side and leans against a nearby wall.

“Tomura. What’s up?”

“Well… we might have a little bit of a situation. You remember that girl you had me look into? The older sister of your current beau?”

Izuku blinks at that. Yor Yaoyorozu. Huh, he’d almost forgotten about her somehow. That was… surprising. After all, his one encounter with Momo’s older sister had been somewhat… disturbing. And yet, besides setting Tomura on the case of discovering more about her sometime ago, he’d never followed up. As a matter of fact, hadn’t it been too long for someone of Tomura’s skillset?

“… I’m surprised it’s taken this long for you to get back to me, Tomura.”

“Heh, yeah. But there’s a good reason for that bro, promise. I looked into her just like you had me and shit got really, really weird. I mean, at first it was just normal weird… but then it got weirder.”

Izuku purses his lips at hearing that, before quickly coming to a decision.

“I’m coming over. This doesn’t sound like the sort of thing that should be talked about on the phone.”

“Alright bro. See you soon.”

And indeed he would, because Izuku pushes off the wall, turns into an empty alley, and steps through a portal that swirls into existence there a moment later.

-x-X-x-

“Ms. Forger! Please make sure that Aisle Five is freshly stocked when you have the chance!”

“Ah. Yes, of course sir.”

Momo could hardly believe what she was seeing, but considering she’d been watching for… sometime now, it wasn’t like she could truly deny it anymore. Still, this was just so… weird!

She’d decided that Yor was her next capture target. And then she’d decided that she was going to get to the bottom of where her big sister went on her mysterious outings, fully intending to use the knowledge to confront Yor and get her off-balance so Momo could seduce and tame her big sister as a sacrifice to Izuku Midoriya! A perverse plan? Yes. But Momo didn’t care about things like that anymore.

Still… even though she’d found out exactly what Yor got up to whenever she was away from home… it was so mind boggling that Momo had yet to actually confront the older girl! After all, of all the things she thought Yor might have been up to… never in a million years did Momo think she would find out that her big sister was a simple shelf stocker at some big grocery store!

It was just… wild! Absurd! Yor Yaoyorozu was part of one of the richest families in the entirety of Japan, if not the world. Yaoyorozu International was a MULTI-BILLION DOLLAR COMPANY, for pete’s sake! And yet here they were. Yor moving to Aisle Five with a cart filled with product in order to begin restocking the shelves, and Momo in disguise, watching her surreptitiously from a distance while pretending to be a shopper with a cart of her own.

Honestly, it just didn’t make any sense. Was this what Yor wanted? To live a normal life? She’d heard what Yor’s manager called her big sister. ‘Ms. Forger’. Seriously? That was Yor’s cover story? That was her fake name? Yor… Forger?

Even if it rolled off the tongue, it was kind of a dumb cover, right? Forger just made whoever thought about it think of ‘forgery’! it was really, really obvious!

And yet… Yor seems content. Not happy, maybe. But… she’s not unhappy either. She almost seems satisfied, but the key word there is almost. And seems. Momo knows her big sister. O-Or… she thought she did! If Yor were truly happy doing this, she would be smiling right now! But then, who could possibly muster up a smile while stocking shelves of all things?!

Part of Momo wants to go over there right this moment, rip off the wig and other parts of her disguise that she’d manifested with her Quirk, and demand Yor tell her what was going on. But as she studies her big sister… she stays where she is. Because there’s something tingling in the back of her mind. Something telling her that this? This isn’t the full story…

-x-X-x-

Looking at the pictures and documents Tomura had procured for him, Izuku furrows his brow in baffled confusion.

“… She’s working undercover as a shelf stocker at a grocery store using the name Yor Forger? Why? It’s not even a store her family owns…”

“Yeah bro, like I said, it got weird fast. I was able to find this stuff out in like… a day to be honest. Not even hard. Like the prologue level of a game, ya know what I’m saying? Her mom set it up for her at her request, far as I could tell. Gave her the fake identity, got her the fake job. But it didn’t add up. Something was still fishy. Like I said… prologue shit.”

Setting aside Tomura’s insistence on equating everything to video games, Izuku slowly nods in agreement. His adoptive brother isn’t wrong, after all. It was one thing for Yor to be the black sheep of the Yaoyorozu Family. Momo was the heiress because Yor didn’t want to inherit. But obviously their mother still loved her eldest enough to want what was best for her, and to want whatever Yor wanted for herself.

So when Yor had asked Robin to come up with a cover for her so she could work a normal job and see what it was like to live a normal life, the CEO of Yaoyorozu International had apparently acquiesced. It even made sense that she would get Yor a job at a store that their Family Company didn’t have any stake in. Far less likely that Yor would be recognized, after all.

And yet, it still didn’t add up. Because Yor hadn’t felt like a young woman who had crumpled under the pressure of family expectations and just wanted to live a normal life. No, she hadn’t felt like that at all.

“That’s why I didn’t come to you with this shit immediately. Instead, I kept digging. And that’s when I ran into the much weirder shit.”

Slapping down another file onto the table, Tomura flips it open. Izuku’s eyes go to the pictures instead of the words first of course, and he can’t help but raise an eyebrow and let out a low whistle at what he sees. Or rather, who he sees.

“Heh. Yeah bro. Now we’re getting into the actual GAME.”

-x-X-x-

… Momo was glad she hadn’t confronted her big sister back at the grocery store. She was glad she’d listened to her gut saying that there was something more to all of this. Because the fact was, there WAS something more to all of this. Momo had watched Yor work as ‘Yor Forger’ for hours. She’d had to leave the grocery store and change disguises half a dozen times to make it look like she was several different customers.

Fortunately, she had her credit card on her, and also there was a foodbank that took donations less than a block away. She was pretty sure they were starting to get weirded out by the six similar but different-looking women who’d all come by and dropped off bags full of freshly bought groceries from the same store throughout the day, but it wasn’t them that Momo had to fool so honestly she wasn’t too worried about their reactions.

Still, watching Yor throughout her shift had not revealed anything new to Momo. When her big sister had finally clocked out for the day, she’d initially considered it all a bust, and planned to confront Yor when they both finally got home to the estate. But… Yor hadn’t gone back to the estate. Instead, she’d taken a different path altogether and it had taken all of Momo’s burgeoning skill as a Pro Hero in Training to keep up with her.

Eventually, Yor had turned into a small apartment building, disappearing into an apartment on the third floor. Momo had immediately made her way to the roof and hidden herself there, having this strange sinking feeling in her gut. Which was why… well, when Yor finally stepped out onto the roof, Momo was there in her hiding spot and got to see her sister in all of her transformed glory.

Back in the grocery store, ‘Yor Forger’ had been a rather plain looking woman. Rather, it wasn’t like Momo’s sister had disguised herself overly much… but she’d clearly found ways to mask her more striking Yaoyorozu features. She’d worn this big pink headband in her hair that, along with her green apron and store uniform, had made her look more like a stay at home mom or something, rather than the bright and vivacious young woman Momo knew her to be.

She was still beautiful of course, Momo couldn’t deny that, but it was definitely far more understated. Which made sense, Momo had been forced to admit. If Yor didn’t want to be recognized as a Yaoyorozu, then she’d have to find ways to mask her natural beauty.

But now… now, Momo doesn’t even know where to begin with Yor! The woman who has stepped out onto the roof of the apartment building looks absolutely nothing like the woman who had just worked for hours in a grocery store of all places. But nor does she look anything like Momo’s big sister, either! The Yor she knew would never dress so… scandalously!

Right now, Yor is wearing an incredibly tight, form-fitting black dress that exposes both her shoulders and cleavage. She also has on a choker with a rose motif wrapped around her neck. Meanwhile, the front of her dress’ skirt only goes down to mid-thigh, while the back reaches just below her knees. She’s also clad in a pair of black thigh-high heeled boots and black fingerless gloves!

She’s still wearing a headband, much like back in the store… however, its far thinner than the pink monstrosity she’d had on while stocking shelves. It’s also golden, with a rose and two small spikes on either side nestled above her ears.

Even her hair style has changed, modified from what she’d worn as a shelf stocker into a far more elaborate updo with her hair done in braids that wrap around her head. She looks… Momo wants to say she looks beautiful. But it’s more than that. Staring at her big sister, Momo finds that only one word really describes Yor in this moment.

Dangerous. She looks… dangerous. Hell, she looks like an entirely different woman, really. This is NOT the Yor Yaoyorozu that Momo knows. But neither is this the Yor Forger that Momo has been watching for the past several hours. No, this is someone else entirely. This is someone new. This is…

-x-X-x-

“The Thorn Princess.”

Izuku rolls the title over his tongue, even as he reads the file that Tomura has put together. The image of Yor Yaoyorozu in her black halter-style dress mid-leap is quite… provocative if he’s being honest. Those weapons she’s holding look very dangerous and deadly too, for all that they seem like nothing more than an overly large pair of golden needles.

Still, if a normal-sized needle could be used to thread garments or even apply stitches to torn flesh… what could needles of those size do in the hands of someone who knew how to use them? A shiver goes down Izuku’s spine, even as he reads about the Thorn Princess.

“Yeah bro, it’s pretty crazy isn’t it? Even the old man didn’t have much information on the subject. He actually thought that the Garden disbanded like a century ago, can you believe it? Man, if he were here now, he’d sure be eating crow, bahaha!”

Izuku smiles wanly at that. He knows that Tomura doesn’t mean anything by bringing up All for One and the fact that Izuku had… killed him. Still, at the same time, Tomura was right. If only All for One were here right now, because apparently they’d uncovered something from his time that was still alive and kicking to this day without anyone being the wiser.

The Garden Assassins Syndicate. Otherwise simply known as ‘Garden’. According to what they knew, it was an unofficial paramilitary organization that had originally risen up to purge traitors from Japan under the orders of a Shadow Government. All for One had supposedly had some clashes with them back in the day, before managing to negotiate some sort of ceasefire.

However, as far as All for One had known, the Garden was supposed to have ultimately disbanded a long time ago. About a century, like Tomura had said. But this… this evidence was seemingly irrefutable.

Momo’s big sister was an assassin who had to take her missions from somewhere. And the rose motif she had going on matched up with ancient symbols that All for One had described in his notes about the Garden. It was possible that the ‘Thorn Princess’ was acting alone. Or maybe was part of a very small team who were trying to revive the ancient, long dead organization.

But… it was equally possible that the Garden had simply survived where everyone thought they’d failed. Perhaps a regime change in the Japanese government had prompted them to go to ground, or a failed purge had left them to fake the demise of their organization. Either way, Izuku didn’t truly believe that this was a case of copycats, not really. He wasn’t that lucky.

Though… in a way, if this were the actual Garden, he WOULD be lucky. Because his father had left a way to contact them if he so chose. The Garden was led by someone with the title ‘Shopkeeper’. And if All for One’s notes were to be believed, Izuku could get into contact with this Shopkeeper… if he wanted to.

Staring at the sight of Yor Yaoyorozu as the Thorn Princess midleap, Izuku considers his options carefully. At the moment, it didn’t seem like he and the Garden had any issues with one another. But at the same time, he didn’t know what they might know about him. It was possible they’d thought All for One and his organization just as dead as All for One thought they were, at least after All Might nearly killed him.

But if they were keeping tabs on Izuku… then he needed to know. As soon as possible. Man, and what was he going to tell Momo about all of this? Honestly, it was probably for the best that Momo didn’t know what was going on with her sister for the moment. He would wait until the dust settled to take his girlfriend aside and let her in on the secret.

Until then, it was better if she stayed in the dark.

-x-X-x-

It happens so fast that Momo very much nearly dies. One moment Yor is stepping towards the roof’s edge and Momo is planning to slip out of her hiding place to follow her big sister wherever she’s going. The next… the next, Yor is in front of her and a massive, deadly-looking golden needle is within a hair’s breadth of piercing Momo’s eye.

Only… it doesn’t because Yor stops herself at the last second, staring at Momo in wide-eyed surprise, her red gaze filled with disbelief.

“… Momo? What are you doing here?”

Momo just whimpers, not even sure where to begin.

 
Chapter 57: The Shopkeeper
Chapter Text

A/N: Izuku meets the Shopkeeper and learns some things about the state of the Garden.

-x-X-x-

In the end, was it not better to be safe than sorry? Even if Izuku’s father had believed the Garden to be completely defunct, it wouldn’t hurt to try and contact this Shopkeeper individual. Either there would be no response and Izuku could feel much safer in approaching Yor directly, or there would be a response and he would have earned brownie points for going through the proper channels.

That was his thinking, anyways… and as it turned out, since there WAS a response in the end, his thinking had turned out to be right after all.

Invited to a small but luxurious garden shop, Izuku steps in with all of his senses turned up to eleven. He’s not about to get caught off guard here… which is why he immediately clocks the fact that the Thorn Princess herself is watching from above. He doesn’t give away that he knows of course, but he does feel her tense up as he takes a step further into the shop.

Outwardly, he maintains his calm, but inwardly… inwardly, his vast collection of Quirks feels like a massive snake roiling beneath his skin. They want to be used, of course. Quirks love being used. And while Izuku does his best to cycle through his Quirks to keep any… build-up from happening, there’s no denying that most of the time a lot of his Quirks aren’t… necessary.

However, some of them might be more than necessary today. Some of them might be the difference between life and death depending on how this meeting goes.

Presenting a confident but unsuspecting façade is simply step one as Izuku puts one foot in front of the other and makes his way to the shop’s counter. He supposes he’s not supposed to notice that Yor flicks the lock on the shop door shut behind him as well as flipping the sign from open to closed. It happens so silently and quietly, even the lock engaging not giving the customary click one would expect.

Meanwhile, behind the shop counter is a man. On the face of things, he looks right at home here. Tall, thin, and elderly, he has a warm smile and black eyes. A white long-sleeve shirt with the sleeves rolled up and a black apron along with gloves completes the ensemble of a garden center shopkeeper. But he’s not just a shopkeeper… he’s THE Shopkeeper.

For a moment, Izuku tilts his head to the side as he stops in front of the man, half-expecting to be led along by the nose for a moment before they can get down to business. But to his mild surprise… and pleasure, the Shopkeeper doesn’t bother with any of that. He just lets his grandfatherly smile widen slightly.

“You must be the Successor.”

… An interesting title. But not inappropriate, Izuku muses. Nodding slightly, he narrows his eyes.

“And you the Shopkeeper. Or at least… the latest Shopkeeper.”

Because even as old as the man in front of him was, unless he had some sort of longevity Quirk, this couldn’t be the same Shopkeeper that All for One had parlayed with a century ago. And indeed, as the corners of his eyes crinkle, the Shopkeeper inclines his head in acknowledgment of that fact.

“Yes. Though my predecessor spoke of yours a few times before his passing. However, he always spoke as though All for One’s time was already come and gone. I must admit that I was surprised when he resurfaced five years ago only to die to All Might. Even more so that he’d fathered a child before his passing.”

Oh? Was this the Shopkeeper’s Quirk at play? See, Izuku could tell the man was telling the truth all the way through. He did not know All for One was still kicking around until All Might’s defeat of him five years ago. That in and of itself had interesting connotations. But somehow in the short time Izuku had contacted him, he’d learned that Izuku was All for One’s son.

It was possible that when put to use, his intelligence gathering operations were just that good. However, if they were that good, then he should know All for One survived his bout with All Might and only died much more recently at Izuku’s hands. That he didn’t, made it far more likely that he had some sort of Quirk that allowed him to either make deductions like that… or see familial connections of some sort. To say Izuku was curious would be an understatement, but he wouldn’t pry for now. Not about that anyways.

“Yes, well… my father was long lived. Still, he also spoke about you and your Garden… and about how he believed such things were well in the past. It would seem both our organizations fell out of touch with one another, didn’t they? On the one hand, it speaks to our mutual secrecy… on the other hand, I figure we could help one another, potentially.”

Here, the Shopkeeper’s smile dims ever so slightly.

“Oh? This help… it wouldn’t perhaps take the form of killing All Might, would it?”

The man himself gives nothing away when he asks this question. Even Izuku’s variety of Quirks don’t let him know a single ounce of what the Shopkeeper is truly thinking, save for that HE clearly believes that’s why Izuku is here. However, the reason behind the question is made quite readily apparent… by Yor Yaoyorozu herself.

Hidden once again in the rafters, the Thorn Princess tenses up at hearing the Shopkeeper’s question. She has a weapon in her hand, a long needle-like object. And she’s ready to use it if Izuku gives the Shopkeeper an answer that they don’t want to hear. Interesting. Very interesting. For a moment, Izuku considers how to respond, both to the question and the hidden threat of violence. In the end he decides to go with honesty to a certain extent.

“No. Why would it? The man is already a hair’s breadth away from dying anyways.”

Here, he gets an actual reaction from the Shopkeeper. The elderly man’s eyes widen an almost imperceptible amount, but they widen all the same, revealing his immense surprise. Of course, he’s all smiles a millisecond later, his crow’s feet crinkling as he covers up that widening by having his eyes squint shut instead.

“Oh? You are surprisingly well informed, Successor. And here I thought I would have to persuade you to give up your quest for vengeance. As… regrettable as your father’s death might have been, All Might is still too important to the beauty of this world. While it is true that his death is fast approaching… HOW he dies must have a certain beauty in and of itself. Dying publicly to a villain would be… an ugly way for our Pillar of Peace to go. I hope you agree.”

Hiding his amusement, Izuku merely nods his head.

“I do, in fact. Though not for the same reasons as you. While you might consider it ugly, dying in battle would be exactly our Pillar of Peace’s preference if he got the choice. As such… letting him die in bed, wasted away from the last wound my father gave him… well, what more fitting revenge could there be then that?”

There’s a brief pause as the Shopkeeper studies him, but Izuku knows he’s not giving the other man anything but what he wants to give him. Perhaps his latest words are not quite as honest, but there’s still a kernel of truth to them. Izuku has no intention of trying to murder All Might for All for One’s death. That much is one hundred percent true.

“… Very well then. That does leave me at a bit of a loss, however. Why did you finally contact us after all this time, if not for help in seeking vengeance now that you’ve come into your own?”

Ah. That painted the picture nicely, didn’t it? The Shopkeeper thought that Izuku was brand new to all of this. That he’d just found out who his father was and… inherited All for One’s criminal enterprises very recently. He thought Izuku was scrambling to get on his feet and reaching out for any sort of… assistance he could grasp on to and pull himself up by. And he thought that Izuku, inexperienced young man that he was, had reached out to the Garden as a sort of Hail Mary.

… But this sort of deduction went both ways. And while the Shopkeeper was coming to all the wrong conclusions based off of faulty assumptions and a clearly incomplete picture, Izuku was connecting the dots on his end… and finding himself quite pleased with what he was beginning to realize.

This was it. This was the entirety of the Garden. Right here in this little shop. The Shopkeeper still existed… but Yor was his only operative left. There was no one else. Oh, the older man surely had his sources. Ways of gaining information, as incomplete as that information might be. But Yor was his only killer. The Garden Assassins Syndicate was gone… and this was what was left in its place.

That worked quite nicely for Izuku, truth be told. He was glad he’d gone this route now, because it meant he could start working on subsuming the Shopkeeper and his Thorn Princess into Izuku’s own organization. Of course, he’d have to be subtle about it. No need to piss anyone off.

“Why, to offer my services of course. My father spoke highly of your organization. But… you’ve fallen on hard times, haven’t you?”

Okay, maybe not as subtle as he should have been. Immediately, the Shopkeeper’s eyes narrow and Yor tenses up from where she’s hiding above Izuku. If he hadn’t known of her presence, if he hadn’t been looking for it… he wouldn’t have seen the Shopkeeper’s small signal, a bare shift of his fingers that could easily be misconstrued as simple fidgeting.

But the moment he does that, Yor calms down. However, even as she calms down… she also slowly slides another large needle-like object out from its hiding place. She’s wielding two now, ready and eager to use them against Izuku at a moment’s notice.

“Oh? I must say, Successor… such an accusation is unbecoming of one from such a… distinguished background.”

Izuku just chuckles and shakes his head. He’s walked right into a trap of sorts; he realizes that now. There is a way he could carefully navigate this trap and walk out of here while pretending that he was none the wiser about how close he’d come to death. But where was the fun in that? No, it would be far more entertaining to interact with the trap another way. By springing it.

“Not an accusation, Shopkeeper. An observation. Just as your predecessor thought that my father was long dead and gone… my father in turn believed the Garden to have been erased from history long ago. Imagine my surprise when I found proof of your survival… in the form of your Thorn Princess, Yor Forger. Otherwise known as Yor Yaoyorozu.”

The Shopkeeper doesn’t have to give a signal then. The moment she hears her name from his lips, Yor acts. Coming down from above, she moves to bury those needle weapons of hers in Izuku’s shoulders… not an instantly fatal blow, but definitely a debilitating one that would bring him to his knees and leave him completely at her and her boss’ mercy.

Obviously, he’s not there when she lands. Nor is he where her needles, golden he idly notes, flash next. She’s fast and strong. Very fast, very strong. But also… careful. The garden shop is filled to the brim with potted plants and the like. As she goes for him with single-minded focus, Yor doesn’t touch a single one.

Noticing this, Izuku uses her recalcitrance to his advantage. It’s much easier to defend against her attacks by shielding himself with the plants and pots she refuses to harm, then it is to dodge all the time.

Amusingly enough, with the first strike having failed… this place had become the worst popular battleground for someone like the Thorn Princess. After all, Izuku had seen some of the pictures from her work in Japan. She didn’t usually care about collateral damage, not one bit. Punching holes through walls as often as people’s heads, she left as much property damage in her wake as she did bodies.

Not here though. Here was sacred. Here was sacrosanct. At least… to her. Izuku hums, considering how to best use this to his advantage… when a voice suddenly rings out through the air.

“Enough.”

Immediately, the Thorn Princess disengages. Their furious fight, if it could even be called a fight when Izuku had done nothing but retreat to avoid overplaying his hand, had lasted for about a minute in total before the Shopkeeper put an end to it.

Appearing back at her superior’s side, Yor glares daggers at Izuku with those red eyes of hers. The Shopkeeper opens his mouth to speak, only to be cut off by his own subordinate… much to his visible shock.

“You. You brought my sister into this.”

Confused now, Izuku shakes his head as he slowly approaches the counter again… though this time he stays in the center of the shop, a few feet away.

“Your sister? What does any of this have to do with her?”

Narrowing her eyes, gritting her teeth, Yor hisses.

“She confronted me last night. I was forced to abort mission.”

… Well, so much for not telling Momo about her sister. Izuku blinks, exposing his own surprise at that… which in turn prompts the Shopkeeper to interject.

“You did not send her.”

Less a question and more a statement of fact. But one that causes Yor to jolt as she looks at her superior in surprise. Her gaze shifts back to him when he shakes his head in response.

“No. I did not send Momo Yaoyorozu to hunt down her sister. I had every intention of keeping her in the dark about the Thorn Princess’ true identity for the time being, as a matter of fact.”

Izuku’s blunt honesty defuses the tension in the room. The anticipation of violence had remained until that moment, when he admitted that he had nothing to do with it. After which… the Shopkeeper looks to Yor and raises an eyebrow.

“Which means that your sister tracked you from your cover to your work without you realizing it. Completely of her own volition.”

Suddenly, Yor Yaoyorozu doesn’t look like a contract killer. She looks like an incredibly embarrassed coed, albeit one garbed in a killer black dress. Blushing profusely and placing her hands against her cheeks, she looks away from the Shopkeeper in embarrassment and shame.

“I…”

But rather than censure her further, the Shopkeeper reaches out and places a hand on her shoulder, smiling softly.

“It’s alright. Truthfully, I should have expected this of her. Your sister might not be like you… but she still has HIS blood flowing through her all the same. Curiosity was ever a problem with that one.”

… Huh. Interesting byplay there. Izuku wants nothing more than to dig into it deeper, but the Shopkeeper turns back to him, eyes narrowed into slits.

“Let us drop pretenses, Izuku Midoriya. You are All for One’s Successor and natural born son. This is not disputable. However, you claim not to desire All Might’s death. So what DO you want, exactly?”
Chapter 58: The Understanding
Chapter Text

A/N: An understanding is reached~

-x-X-x-

Straightening up, Izuku barely hesitates before answering.

“I want to do things better.”

That gets a raised eyebrow from the elderly man he’s speaking with but Izuku doesn’t back down as he gives the Shopkeeper a grin.

“My father… All Might… both were titans of their time. But that’s over now. All for One is dead and All Might will soon follow. Someone has to take their place. Why shouldn’t it be me? Why should I follow in my father’s footsteps and make the same mistakes he did when I can forge my own path instead?”

At the Shopkeeper’s side, Izuku sees Yor looking at him more intensely than before. She’s not as visibly embarrassed as she was mere moments before, likely hiding it now as she stares at him and listens to the conviction in his voice. But she’s secondary right now. It’s the Thorn Princess’ handler that Izuku has to convince.

As the Shopkeeper silently contemplates Izuku’s excuse, Izuku decides to throw it back at the man just a little bit.

“You said before that All Might is too important to the beauty of this world to die yet. And you consider how he died as important as when he died. But I’m not thinking about that. All Might doesn’t even warrant consideration from me. I’m thinking about what happens AFTER he dies. With his last breath, an era will end. What does a future without titans like my father and All Might look like? That’s what I’m concerned with. Not relics of the past.”

Brash, blunt, and uncompromising. While also holding a few cards close to his chest. Sure, some might think Izuku foolish for saying things like ‘relics of the past’ in front of a man clearly past his prime. After all, the Shopkeeper was an elderly man who was ostensibly leading the Garden… but the Garden was very clearly just him and the Thorn Princess. It was just the two of them left… relics of a past.

And yet, Izuku could tell that the Shopkeeper wasn’t nearly as self-absorbed about all of that. Yes, the man cared in part about preservation. That’s why Izuku wasn’t about to tell him his full plans to completely dismantle the old system and build a new one in its place. Saying everything at this juncture might make them enemies and while Izuku didn’t care about having the Shopkeeper as his enemy, Momo’s sister was another matter entirely.

“… I see.”

Izuku raises an eyebrow, even as the Shopkeeper’s own eyes crinkle at the corners, the man smiling ever so slightly.

“Intriguing. I believe you, Izuku Midoriya. But one does wonder how much you’re holding back.”

Izuku huffs in amusement at being called out so candidly. In the end though, he just shrugs.

“We all have our secrets, Shopkeeper. I would be a fool to expose all of mine, just as you would be a fool to expose all of yours.”

Of course, what the older man didn’t know was that he’d already inadvertently exposed most of his secrets. The biggest one, that it was just him and Yor left… well, Izuku could have called them out on it. He could have acknowledged their weakness. But he wouldn’t. Not just because he didn’t want to make them his enemies, nor because he was in the heart of their power where they might have a slight chance of actually silencing them.

No… he would stay quiet about his observations both out of respect for what they once were… and because knowledge was power and wealth and you did not spend either on a whim. Not if you wanted to get anywhere in this life.

“Hm. Indeed. Very well then… we shall give you the chance to prove your sincerity. That is… if you still want to secure the services of the Garden, Successor.”

Smiling slightly as the Shopkeeper returns to using his title instead of his full name, Izuku inclines his head.

“Certainly. How much will it cost me, exactly?”

Flicking his fingers outwards as if to flick dust off of them, the Shopkeeper shakes his head.

“Money? What need do we have for that? I am but a humble Shopkeeper, tending to my shop and my garden. And my Thorn Princess is already as wealthy as can be, isn’t she?”

That she was. Though how much of her kit was paid for by her family’s incredibly deep pockets and how much was the Shopkeeper bluffing about their sources of income? In the end, Izuku supposed it didn’t matter. The fact remained; they didn’t want money from HIM. No, they wanted other things.

“Services for services. Favors for favors. I will give you the chance to prove yourself worthy of taking All Might’s place in the new era of beauty we both hope to create. Starting with the Thorn Princess’ next assignment… Hero Killer Stain.”

Izuku’s eyes narrow at that. Everyone was aware of Stain by this point. The man had already killed over a dozen Pro Heroes and injured twenty or so more to the extent that they had to retire completely. Of course, not everyone knew where Stain had come from or what had led him to who he currently was. Izuku had read the man’s file. Chizome Akaguro had abandoned Pro Heroics at a relatively young age, dropping out of Hero School in order to become an activist.

Not many knew about this because… well, the young man’s words had ultimately fallen on deaf ears. His attempt to convince people through street oration and literal soapbox speeches of his Revival of Heroics ideology was cute… but ultimately doomed to fail from the start. Street Preachers had fallen out of fashion centuries ago… what he thought he could accomplish by shouting himself hoarse every day for hours on end, Izuku would never know.

But he did know what happened next. Chizome became the vigilante Stendhal, attempting to make up for what he considered the failings of Pro Heroes by hunting down villains himself. Only, at some point along the way, he became even more disillusioned with society then he already was. The vigilante had broken and ultimately become a villain, though he might claim otherwise.

Still, his track record spoke for itself. Instead of targeting villains, the man targeted heroes now, heroes he claimed weren’t living up to his expectations. Of course, he was insane so in the end his expectations were effectively ‘be All Might or die’.

Yes, Izuku was well aware of Hero Killer Stain… and had fully intended to deal with the man in his own time if no one else got to him. For the time being, Stain had been a useful boogeyman, one that Izuku had been content to let continue on his way so long as he didn’t touch anyone or anything Izuku truly cared about.

All of this passes through his mind in a split second, one of his Mental Quirks allowing him to spend what would be minutes of contemplation for anyone else in just a single moment in time. Obviously, the Shopkeeper likely already knows as much about Stain as Izuku does, if not more so. And yet… at the same time, the old man has overplayed his hand.

All this talk about Izuku proving himself worthy of the new era… but it was clear the Garden’s leader was still very much stuck in preserving the past. Izuku didn’t mind that though. He didn’t mind that the Shopkeeper was trying to use him here to maintain the old status quo, because at the end of the day they were going to be using each other. Services for Services. Favors for Favors. Just like the older man had said.

Of course, this was also a test. Would Izuku balk at the idea of removing a Hero Killer like Stain from the board when he was ostensibly doing Izuku’s job for him? Or would he prove himself a true hero by accepting the task? A bit transparent in the end, but thanks to his Quirks, Izuku doesn’t so much as appear to hesitate.

“Stain. An interesting target. But sure, if you want me to help out with him, I can. What’s your preference for how Hero Killer Stain’s tale ends?”

The Shopkeeper hums for a moment before tapping the counter in front of him.

“Ignobly. In defeat. Whether death or incarceration, it matters not. His poisonous views must be nipped in the bud, lest they spread to the rest of our beautiful Garden.”

Heh, interesting. He wonders, if he’d told the Shopkeeper the full truth about his own views, would the man have called them beautiful or poisonous? Best to keep them close to the chest for now and not let him find out. This… this was better.

“Consider it done. Though admittedly, it might still take some time. I do have the U.A. Sports Festival to prepare for and compete in.”

The Shopkeeper nods his head amicably at that.

“Of course. Work with my Thorn Princess on this please, it is still her mission.”

Yor straightens up at the Shopkeeper’s side, puffing her chest somewhat proudly. It’s funny, she hadn’t seemed so emotive before. Of course, she immediately grows expressionless when the Shopkeeper turns to her.

“Speaking of which… I shall leave it to the two of you to decide how to best handle Momo Yaoyorozu. Her fate is in your hands.”

Izuku reads between the lines of that statement and he can see Yor does as well. The Shopkeeper isn’t talking about whether Momo should live or die or not. When he says ‘her fate is in your hands’, he means that in a more literal sense. Will they tell Momo everything about their secret double lives? Or will they try to keep her in the dark as much as possible so she doesn’t get dragged further into all of this? Tracking her sister down and catching her in her Thorn Princess get-up was one thing. But knowing the truth… well, that was a whole other ballpark.

Of course, Izuku already made his choice when he decided Momo was likely going to be his wife one day. He had never had any intention of keeping her in the dark. She was never going to be some trophy wife, a pretty thing to dangle off of his arm. Even before she’d sacrificed Itsuka Kendo on the altar of his lust, Izuku had intentions of a somewhat equal partnership.

That said… knowing what he knew now about Momo’s older sister, it threw a lot of things up in the air.

With the Shopkeeper’s parting words, Izuku leaves the small gardening shop… with Yor soon on his heels. Silently, she takes over leading the way and Izuku just as quietly follows her up off of the street and onto the nearest rooftop, letting her lead him through a series of roof jumps. Part of him half-suspects a trap even after everything… but no. Yor just leads him to the roof of a small apartment building and Izuku’s Quirks pick up nothing amiss… save for the bound and gagged person in the closet on one of the upper floors.

Izuku’s raised eyebrow at this discovery only grows higher up when Yor leads him to the same exact apartment that that closet is in. Still dressed as the Thorn Princess, the assassin nevertheless suddenly looks nervous and flustered as she unlocks the apartment door and guides him inside. Finally, they reach the closet in question and Yor throws the door open to reveal Momo herself inside, the younger Yaoyorozu woman tied up with rope and gagged with what looks like a shirt. The moment she lays eyes on him and Yor together, said eyes go as wide as saucers and Momo begins making noise through her gag.

“MMMPH! MMMPH!”

Standing off to the side, Yor just looks at him with a panicked, pleading expression. Seriously? Had she even told the Shopkeeper that she’d apparently handled Momo’s discovery of her by tying her sister up and stuffing her in a closet overnight? Actually…

Izuku looks around the apartment for a moment and then rolls his eyes and looks back at Momo.

“You can stop pretending now, Momo. I know you already escaped once.”

Amusingly, but also rather eerily, both Yor and Momo blink at his assertion at the same time. It’s kind of cute. Also kind of creepy. Either way, Yor looks confused while Momo looks… chagrined. After a moment, the gag pops out of the raven-haired girl’s mouth and a knife manifests from her body and drops into her hands thanks to her Quirk. As she quickly begins cutting through the rope she’s tied herself up with, Momo pouts at him in confusion.

“How did you know? I copied the original set up perfectly…”

Izuku smiles.

“Well for one, I wasn’t here to see the original set up, so that sort of perfection only served to fool Yor. But for two… you made sure to do the dishes after making yourself a sandwich and pouring yourself a cup of milk from the refrigerator. The smells are all still in the air.”

There’s a brief pause at that before Momo hangs her head, silently admitting that that’s exactly what she did. Yor, meanwhile, gasps in wonder at Izuku’s observational skills. Of course, he’d definitely cheated… but they didn’t need to know that.

“That’s… that’s amazing!”

The look of awe and childish wonder on Yor’s face is almost enough to make Izuku forget that she’s an incredibly skilled assassin and a consummate killer. Almost. But even if he could forget, Momo… well.

“Look! Yes, I didn’t stay tied up the entire time! B-But I made sure I was tied up when you came back, didn’t I? Now will someone PLEASE tell me what’s going on?!”

Momo’s pleading look as she glances from Izuku to Yor and then back to Izuku is… well, hard. But something does have to be said. Especially since at the moment, Momo probably thinks Yor and Izuku have been working together for longer than they have. She might even think Izuku has been lying to her all this time, going behind her back.

Though, strangely enough, she doesn’t seem too upset by that possibility. As much as she clearly wants answers, there’s no censure or anger in Momo’s eyes or voice as she pleads with them from the closet. She just wants the truth. The only question is… can she handle the truth? And is it really Izuku’s place to give it to her in place of her sister? Yor might be hoping he’ll take over and explain things from here, but there’s nothing saying he HAS to.

They’re just teaming up to take down Hero Killer Stain. Yor and Momo’s relationship… that really none of Izuku’s business, right? Ugh, why was Momo even following her sister around in the first place? This was such a mess.

Still, in the end he has two choices to make. First, is he going to force Yor to tell Momo what’s going on here and rely on the Thorn Princess’ discretion not to spill ALL the beans? Or is he going to take charge and explain things… and if so, what is he supposed to tell Momo about all of this, in the end?
Chapter 59: Answers
Chapter Text

A/N: Momo gets some explanations~

-x-X-x-

He can’t, he realizes. He can’t have Yor explain what’s going on here and rely on her discretion to know what NOT to say. That’s the plain and simple truth of the matter. Based on all of his interactions with the Thorn Princess so far, as well as all of his observations… when it came to social situations, she couldn’t passably manage discretion even in a life or death situation.

It made him wonder how the hell a woman like Yor Yaoyorozu managed to embody the life of an assassin of significant renown like the Thorn Princess. It was like she was two different people, really. One a cold-hearted killer, the other an oblivious young woman who didn’t understand basic social norms. But Izuku supposed those two things weren’t quite as far apart as they first seemed.

Letting out a sigh and running a hand through his hair, Izuku just shakes his head… before a moment later nodding to Momo.

“You deserve some answers, Momo. Untie yourself and let’s have this conversation at the table at least, please.”

Still blushing at getting caught out on the whole ‘not entirely restrained the whole time’ situation, Momo easily frees herself again as Izuku moves away from the closet and over to the table in the small apartment’s kitchen. Fortunately there are three chairs around it, with its fourth side pressed up against the wall.

Taking a seat, he watches as the Yaoyorozu sisters both approach and hesitantly sit down as well. Biting her lower lip, Momo huffs after a moment.

“I should hope that I deserve some answers, Izuku. I am your girlfriend after all. O-Or was that all just a trick to keep me from finding out what you were doing with my sister?”

Hey now, why did Momo’s tone sound so suggestive as she gives Yor a meaningful glance? No, he doesn’t need an answer to that. He knows what sort of man Momo thinks he is. And it’s pretty close to the man he actually is as well.

Yor, meanwhile, gasps and covers her mouth with her hands.

“G-Girlfriend?! But you said you were just classmates and that its normal for classmates to engage in sexual intimacy!”

Izuku’s palm meets his forehead and his decision to handle the explanations is further reinforced as Momo gives her sister a curious look. Letting out a sigh, Izuku places both his hands palm down on the table.

“Alright. Cards on the table then. For starters… Momo, I did not know that your sister was the Thorn Princess until a day ago. And I did not know she’d tied you up and stuffed you in a closet until about five minutes ago.”

Momo huffs and crosses her arms over her chest for a moment… before sharply nodding.

“I believe you.”

When Izuku raises an eyebrow in surprise, she blushes and uncrosses her arms to press her index fingers together.

“I-I mean… I have to, don’t I? A-After everything… I’m yours, Izuku. So it’s not like you even really need to l-lie to me. So… I trust you, no matter what.”

Cute. But probably not the time. Yor, meanwhile, is boring holes into the side of Izuku’s head as this happens, not even bothering to look in her sister’s direction. It takes Izuku a moment to realize why the red-eyed woman is staring at him so intensely. Letting out a groan, he rolls his eyes as he looks over at Yor.

“And yes Yor, I lied to you. It is not normal for classmates to engage in sexual intimacy. Momo and I are… much closer than that. Boyfriend and girlfriend, like she said.”

Yor’s eyes narrow dangerously at his admission of guilt and Izuku feels her killing intent rising once again. He wonders briefly if he’s going to have to dodge her like he did back at the Flower Shop but in this much smaller apartment… but then Yor abruptly turns to Momo.

“Has he hurt you at all, Momo?”

Ah. Izuku understands why Yor is asking her sister that, but he’s not worried. Until Momo blushes hard and wiggles in her seat a little bit.

“W-Well…”

His palm meets his forehead again and Izuku groans as he’s forced to correct her.

“I have not knowingly hurt you in any way that you did not enjoy. Right, Momo?”

Biting her lower lip for a second, Momo finally nods.

“Y-Yes. That’s true.”

Yor looks confused by that, as to be expected. But before she can demand clarification, Momo leans forward, eyes darting between the two of them.

“B-But then what’s going on between the two of you, exactly?! If you just found out about her, then why did she bring you here to deal with me? And what even is a Thorn Princess anyways?!”

Ah right. As Yor gives him a pointed, plaintive look, Izuku winces. He’d let the cat out of the bag on that one, hadn’t he?

“Yor is THE Thorn Princess… and what she is, it turns out… is an assassin.”

Both sisters’ eyes widen in disbelief at that. Momo because she hadn’t expected that even after everything that had happened so far and Yor because she clearly hadn’t expected Izuku to just blab to her sister. But at this point, there was no point in lying to Momo. Well, mostly anyways. There were still some secrets Izuku felt he had to keep from the young woman. Maybe he’d tell her the whole truth one day. But for now…

“Technically, Yor is a vigilante, Momo. She operates outside of the law to take down the worst of the worst scum. Isn’t that right, Yor?”

Nodding emphatically, the red-eyed woman looks to her younger sister with an imploring expression on her face.

“Y-Yes! The Shopkeeper chooses my targets and they’re always the worst weeds, Momo! Don’t worry, I only prune those who make the world a less beautiful place!”

Once again, he’s glad that he’s taken charge of this explanation because the look on Momo’s face makes it clear she doesn’t know what to make of that in the slightest.

“Yor’s superior and handler is a man known only as the Shopkeeper. They have this whole… garden motif going on, basically. Still, the important thing is that Yor kills bad guys. And the reason I know about her… is because I am also a vigilante.”

Again, Izuku gets wide-eyed looks from both Yaoyorozu women. Once again, they’re because of disbelief and incredulity respectively. But he’s not sure what Yor was expecting him to say, really. He’d told her and the Shopkeeper that he didn’t intend to follow in his father’s footsteps nor did he intend to try and kill All Might. He wasn’t a villain. And sure, the League of Villains was sort of a thing, but it wasn’t HIS thing. That was all Tomura’s project.

As far as anything he did with the Thorn Princess and the Shopkeeper was concerned, Izuku liked to think of himself as a vigilante more than anything. Yes, he was acting outside the law since he wasn’t a proper Pro Hero yet, but to deal with monsters like Stain, well, that was just fine wasn’t it?

“You… Izuku, you can’t be a vigilante! You’re risking your position at UA if you go out and fight crime without your license! You have to stop right now!”

Chuckling softly, Izuku shakes his head.

“I actually haven’t done any direct vigilantism yet. Put bluntly, I have an organization of my own… sort of a counterpart to Yor and the Shopkeeper’s organization. We do the things in the shadows that the public heroes can’t do. Sometimes when your hands are tied by red tape… the best possible thing you can do is cut that red tape, Momo.”

Momo looks uncertain of how to respond to that for a moment. From the look of things, her devotion towards Izuku and her feelings of sisterly love towards her sister are running smack dab into her morals and her Lawful Good nature. After all, a girl like Momo didn’t join up with a place like UA and then become the Class Representative of a Heroics Class on top of it without believing in the System.

Unfortunately, now she was being forced to confront the fact that the System was corrupt… and she was struggling, not least because of who Izuku and Yor were to her. Finally, squirming in her seat, Momo lets out a low sigh.

“I… I see. I-If that’s the way it has to be… then that’s the way it has to be.”

Giving him a bright smile, Momo reaches across the table and grabs Izuku by the hands.

“I said it before, Izuku. I trust you. I’m yours.”

He hadn’t realized just how far long he and Momo had come to be honest. Sure, he really appreciated Momo and at this point she was basically his right hand woman when it came to UA and the other girls of his class. Both Rumi and Nana had seemed like potential shoe-ins for that role, but it was Momo who had come out on top recently. Izuku loved both his fuck-bunny and the last gift his father gave him, don’t get him wrong, but Momo Yaoyorozu… she was the closest thing to a partner he’d ever had.

Still…

“Moooou! That’s so cute! Ah, Momo has found true love! Yay!”

There’s still the elephant in the room. With a squee, Yor Yaoyorozu, still dressed as the Thorn Princess, reaches over and glomps her little sister, hugging Momo tightly and making the other girl squeak in response.

“Eep! Ack! T-Too… tight… Yor!”

Only once she gasps out her sister’s name from within the bone crushing hug does Yor pull back with a blush, sitting back down in her chair.

“A-Ahem. Apologies.”

Hands in her lap, she at least has the good grace to look appropriately chagrined. Momo just gives her big sister an exasperated look for a second before turning back to him.

“So then… if you two work for clandestine organizations, how exactly did you meet?”

This is getting closer to things Izuku doesn’t necessarily want to tell Momo just yet. But they’re also things Yor already knows, so it’s probably okay to go up to the limit of what the elder Yaoyorozu knows and then hold off from there.

“My father. He… headed the organization I now run before me. He had contacts with the organization that Yor is part of and after meeting your sister in your family’s mansion, I had my organization look her up.”

Momo blinks and furrows her brow at that.

“Why did you do that?”

Yor has the good grace to freeze, giving him a wide-eyed hopeful look like she expects him not to throw her under the bus. And for half a second, Izuku considers holding back the information… but there’s no point. Momo already knows what Yor does as the Thorn Princess. So lying about this would be silly.

“Well, after you and I had sex for the first time, she confronted me outside of your bedroom and threatened to kill me. Given my upbringing and training, I know the difference between a normal shovel talk and someone who can actually back up their words, Momo. So that was the moment when I started looking into her. Once I found out about her secret identity and connection to an organization my father once had dealings with, I went ahead and reached out to the Shopkeeper through the appropriate channels.”

Actually… as Yor shrinks in her chair and Momo gives her older sister a disappointed look, Izuku squeezes his girlfriend’s hands, pulling her attention back to him.

“Though that does bring to mind a question… what were you doing hunting for answers about Yor, Momo? All this time, you didn’t seem to care to look into her background or find out what she was doing… but suddenly you tracked her down to this place and got caught red handed by her? Why? What made you decide to go after her in the first place?”

Strangely enough, it’s Momo’s turn to go bright red. Izuku isn’t quite sure why, other than that he can tell from her face, her heart rate, and her squirming that she’s both embarrassed… and aroused? But Momo just shakes her head.

“N-Never mind that for now. First… if you’re both working for different organizations, why are you together NOW?!”

Izuku grunts, giving Yor a quick glance. He might be able to pass off the idea that Yor had dragged him here specifically to handle Momo… but no. He didn’t feel a need to lie to Momo about this.

“We’re working together now, the two of us. On… a mission.”

Momo pauses and to Izuku’s surprise, gets more aroused for some reason.

“O-Oh? A mission, you say? Working… closely together?”

Why is she starting to pant? Wait, does she think he’s using mission as a euphemism for fucking her sister? Well he’s not!

“Yes, Momo. The Shopkeeper wants to test my mettle and conviction, likely because I’m still so young. So he’s asked me to help the Thorn Princess with her next mission… handling the Hero Killer Stain.”

In an instant, Momo’s perverted fantasies are deflated by Izuku’s no-nonsense tone. She looks disappointed for half a moment… before her eyes widen and she grows panicked.

“What?! The Hero Killer Stain?! You can’t! It’s too dangerous! He’s killed dozens at this point!”

Not quite that many just yet, but those he’d left alive were too injured to continue as Pro Heroes anyways, so Izuku doesn’t bother arguing semantics.

“That’s right. Which is why we’re going to take care of him and end his reign of terror. Don’t worry too much, Momo. He’s not that big of a deal. Besides, we still have to do all the groundwork first anyways. It’s not like we’re going after him tonight or anything.”

Momo looks relieved by that, while Yor looks surprised.

“We’re not?”

Giving the Thorn Princess an appraising glance… Izuku has to resist the urge to facepalm again.

“Yor… how exactly do you go about finding the targets that the Shopkeeper gives you if he doesn’t have an exact location for them?”

Tilting her head to the side, Yor hums.

“I search for them every night until I find them.”

Now even Momo is looking at her sister askance.

“And how do you do that?”

“I… can move very quickly?”

Izuku sighs and rubs the bridge of his nose.

“You just run around aimlessly until you find whoever it is you’re supposed to be after, don’t you?”

“… Yes?”

The fact that Yor doesn’t understand why this is insane just goes to show that Momo’s sister is not a normal person. Not by a long shot. But to be fair, neither is Momo. Still, at least the younger Yaoyorozu has the good grace to look astonished by Yor’s… hunting methods.

“Well, that’s not how we’ll be handling Stain. If he finds out someone is after him, he’ll just go to ground. Or set a trap for you. No, my people will hunt down Stain for us. Until then, we’re going to wait and I’m going to prepare for and then participate in the UA Sports Festival. Do I make myself clear?”

Yor looks mulish for a moment… but then nods.

“Yes. I understand.”

Watching this exchange, Momo is quiet for a few seconds. Then, she opens her mouth to speak.
Chapter 60: Actions
Chapter Text

A/N: Momo shoots her shot. How will that turn out...

-x-X-x-

“It… it seems to me that you aren’t just working together, are you? Yor… you’re ready to follow Izuku’s orders on this, aren’t you?”

Izuku lifts an eyebrow at Momo, not quite sure where she’s going with this. Only, she’s currently wiggling in a fairly familiar way, and her face is a little red as she looks at her sister, waiting for Yor’s response. The assassin pauses for a moment in thought before nodding.

“Ah… yes.”

A mixture of vindication and satisfaction spreads across Momo’s face. At the same time, she suddenly looks almost predatory as she leans forward towards Yor.

“But how can we know for sure that you’ll be a team player, Yor? How can we know for a fact that in the heat of the moment, you’ll follow Izuku’s orders explicitly and not go off the reservation?”

Yor frowns, tilting her head to the side as she glances between Momo and Izuku. After a long moment, possibly spent formulating her thoughts, the Thorn Princess speaks.

“… The Shopkeeper said it was still my mission and that Izuku Midoriya was to work with me. But he seems to be best suited for this sort of thing so I was going to follow his lead... therefore, you can trust me because it is my choice.”

Straight and to the point. Izuku can admire that. And not just because it shows Yor is smart enough to recognize he’s best suited for the leadership role in their current relationship, really. Momo though, she looks a little disappointed by Yor’s explanation, possibly because she’d assumed Yor HAD to follow Izuku’s orders, not that she was choosing to follow them. Still, she’s quick to bounce back.

“W-Well then… we should, the three of us I mean, take part in a little trust-building exercise right here and right now!”

Yor narrows her red eyes at that, staring Momo down.

“… Why the three of us?”

Thrusting out her chin and crossing her arms over her chest, Momo huffs.

“B-Because I’m going to help you both, o-of course! I’ll be joining in on your hunt for Stain!”

“No.”

Yor’s response is immediate and deathly serious. Momo’s Big Sister is out in full force now as she shakes her head sharply.

“You will not endanger yourself in such a way, Momo. You will stay safe.”

Izuku watches this exchange as Momo sputters and stammers in the face of her older sister’s bluntness. But to her credit, the Yaoyorozu Heiress is able to quickly recover… and once again pivot and change tacks.

“F-Fine! Then… allow me to help in my own way, right here and right now. I can’t let you and Izuku go off without me without ensuring the two of you can trust each other implicitly, n-now can I?!”

That gives Yor some pause and after a moment of thought she nods her head in agreement.

“That is fair.”

“Wonderful! Then let’s all get naked!”

Wait… what? Momo immediately follows up her own words by shirking her shirt over her head, exposing her bra-clad breasts to him and Yor. Then, his girlfriend gives him a plaintive look and Izuku realizes Yor hasn’t objected yet… because she’s watching him closely to see if he will follow suit. With a shrug, Izuku does just that, taking off his own shirt as well.

Seeing this, Yor shrugs and begins to strip down as well, pulling the straps of her halter-style black dress off her upper body and sliding the dress down her form. From there, there’s no words exchanged as the three of them all remove their clothing, standing before one another completely naked. Izuku won’t lie… he feels like he’s definitely coming out ahead here. Sure, he’s exposing himself to not just Momo but also her older sister. But at the same time, he’s also getting to see both Momo and Yor naked… and boy is it a beautiful sight.

Momo is as pretty as ever of course, but Yor… Yor is drop-dead gorgeous. Having removed her assassin’s garb, the Thorn Princess stands before them completely nude with her hands loose at her sides and her expression somewhat blank. If she’s concerned with her nudity, she doesn’t show it… though at the same time her face does have a light dusting of red on it and she’s being careful not to stare for too long at either of them.

“… What is the purpose of this exercise, Momo?”

It says a lot about Yor’s personality that she doesn’t bother asking that until after she’s allowed herself to be peer pressured into getting naked along with them. Still, Momo squirms for a moment as she alternates between glancing at her sister’s assets and Izuku’s hardening member.

“I already s-said, Yor… we’re b-building trust… but… just this much isn’t enough.”

Izuku finally understands why Momo was stalking her sister completely separate of his own investigation into Yor Yaoyorozu and her triple life as Yor Forger and the Thorn Princess. She’d followed her sister, not because she was suspicious of Yor… but because she wanted to seduce Yor and offer her up to Izuku on a silver platter in the same way she’d done with Itsuka Kendo.

It was… frankly quite ambitious of his girlfriend to decide that the very next woman she was going to offer him would be a member of her own family. Her big sister at that. Then again, as far as Momo knew, Yor was the boring ‘black sheep’ of the family who just wanted a normal life and didn’t have any interest in Pro Heroics or taking over the family business. So Izuku could see how it might make sense to the young woman.

That said, even knowing what she knew now about Yor’s true nature, Momo was still trying to make this happen.

“… It isn’t?”

Yor’s confusion at Momo’s assertion is quickly answered by the younger Yaoyorozu shaking her head back and forth vehemently.

“It’s not. Izuku needs to know he can trust you, Yor. And you need to know you can trust him. That’s why… the two of you need to become intimate with one another. You should start by s-sucking his cock.”

Seriously? Even knowing exactly what Momo was up to at this point, Izuku finds himself looking at the girl somewhat askance. Surely she wasn’t this ham-fisted about things when she seduced Itsuka? No, he suspected she definitely wasn’t. Rather, Momo was clearly completely off her game here. With Yor not just being her older sister but also turning out to be a femme fatale assassin, Momo was flying by the seat of her pants… and sort of crashing and burning.

No more was this evident then by how Yor responds to her suggestion. Maybe if Momo had left it at just the intimacy part… but no, she just had to mention sucking his cock. Yor’s eyes narrow as she looks down at Izuku’s member and then just as quickly looks away, making eye contact with her sister and then Izuku himself.

“… Is this the same as when Midoriya claimed it was normal for classmates to engage in sexual intimacy?”

Momo blanches, remembering full well that just a bit ago Yor had found out Izuku lied to her about that. Rapidly shaking her head, the younger Yaoyorozu tries to do damage control.

“W-What?! No! This is completely different! This is r-real!”

But Yor isn’t buying it. He can see it in the Thorn Princess’ red eyes as she looks over at him expectantly. In that moment, Izuku has a choice to make. But really, it’s no choice at all. Yor would never hurt Momo. Even if the Shopkeeper himself ordered her to kill her sister, she would refuse… and probably kill the Shopkeeper for the order. That was why the old man had left Momo’s fate in ‘their hands’. Because he knew better than to try to make his only assassin silence her younger sister in a permanent fashion.

At the same time though, Yor was more than willing to attack him. And if he tries to back Momo up here, she’ll see right through his lies and do exactly that. Unfortunately for Momo… Izuku has to shake his head, ending her little scheme right then and there.

“Yes, Yor. This is the exact same as that. There’s no need for us to have sex just to build trust in one another. Momo is just trying to seduce you to my harem because she has incorrectly associated her value to me with her ability to bring me increasingly exotic women to bed. This is not the case… as my girlfriend, I love her because I love her. She doesn’t need to do anything but be Momo in order to continue holding my love.”

He sends Momo an apologetic look for what he’s been forced to do, hoping to be able to explain to her later when they’re alone that he had no choice but to tell Yor the truth. Momo, meanwhile, alternates between looking greatly aggrieved that he’d tattled on her… and blushing up a storm at his kind, praise-filled words.

Yor meanwhile…

“Ah. I see.”

And there it is. Izuku turns back to the Thorn Princess, expecting to see her reaching for her clothes to put them back on. He and Momo will do the same and they’ll get back to figuring out the details of what to do next regarding Stain. Only, Yor doesn’t do that. She doesn’t reach for any of her discarded garments. Instead, after a moment of thought, she nods to herself and begins to walk towards him.

There’s no threat in her steps beyond the natural bloodlust she seems to almost always carry with her. It’s not directed at him at the moment though, so Izuku only tenses up slightly as she approaches. Until ultimately, she drops to her knees right in front of him, causing the younger man to blink in surprise.

Glancing over at Momo, Izuku’s cock twitching and throbbing right in front of her face, Yor tilts her head to the side.

“You said I should start by sucking his member, yes?”

Momo’s eyes are very, very wide but once Yor addresses her directly, she’s quick to recover.

“I… y-yes! Definitely!”

Hurrying over, the younger Yaoyorozu kneels down right beside her sister, reaching out and grabbing hold of Izuku’s cock.

“H-Here… I’ll help you!”

Yor doesn’t fight Momo as she holds Izuku’s cock by the base to keep it steady and also cards her hand through the back of Yor’s hair to guide her head towards his tip. Indeed, the Thorn Princess’ red eyes cross as she tries to take in Izuku’s girth and a moment later she’s kissing his cockhead with her lips. At which point she opens wide without any further instruction and allows Momo to guide her down his dick right there in the middle of the apartment.

As this is happening, Momo shoots Izuku a bewildered look, one that Izuku has to admit matches how he feels perfectly in this moment. Had that seriously worked? Had being honest with Yor about Momo’s motivations truly prompted the older girl to just… go along with the whole seduction? It’s clear from the look on Momo’s face that she wants nothing more to ask Yor that question. But also, she doesn’t want to break the spell either, however this has somehow worked out in her favor.

Izuku, meanwhile, groans in appreciation of the warm, wet mouth wrapped around his dick. Sure, Yor was no expert cocksucker… but Momo is quick to give her instructions beyond just forcibly guiding her big sister’s head up and down his dick.

“Make sure he doesn’t feel any of your teeth, Yor. But also make sure to use plenty of tongue. Your mouth isn’t just another pussy, it’s a completely separate hole with its own advantages and disadvantages. Keep those disadvantages in mind and use those advantages to their fullest potential!”

Under her younger sister’s tutelage, Yor Yaoyorozu proves to be an incredibly quick learner. Izuku doesn’t feel a single trace of her teeth, even as her tongue swirls this way and that around his cock. Throwing his head back, Izuku groans even louder as the Thorn Princess fellates him, bobbing up and down his shaft under Momo’s direction.

“Very good, you’re doing so good. He loves it. Izuku loves how good you’re making him feel with your mouth. But now… now we need to go further. You might choke a little bit, but you need to prove you can take him all the way to the base, okay? That’s our goal, Yor… so here we go…”

Over the next little while, Momo begins to coax her older sister through deep throating his cock. Yor’s eyelids flutter and she shudders as she begins to gag and choke on his dick the more of it that goes down the back of her throat, but Momo just coos and tells her that she’s doing great, encouraging her to constantly push further even as she helps Yor along with a hand on the back of her head.

That said, Momo isn’t forcing Yor in any way. Izuku knows this because he’s fought the Thorn Princess and knows exactly how strong Yor Yaoyorozu truly is. Her physicality bellies a hidden strength that Momo only partially shares, and even as Yor begins to deep-throat his cock, he can clearly see the determination in her eyes.

“Hulghk… Hulghk… Hulghk…”

All the while, Yor’s breasts bob and jiggle along with her, moving slowly but expressively. Momo’s tits are doing the same with how the naked girl is right next to her big sister, enthusiastically and energetically egging her on. Staring down at the pair while enjoying Yor’s throat and mouth wrapped around his cock, Izuku feels himself getting close and sees no reason to hold back. He lets out a particularly heartfelt groan of warning and watches as Momo jolts in recognition.

“Yor! Okay… okay, he’s getting close, Yor. He’s going to cum and you need to swallow all of it. Drink his seed for me, alright big sis? Drink every last drop of his cum, no matter the taste!”

Yor hums in acknowledgment, her hands in her lap as she dutifully follows Momo’s instructions to the letter. Finally, Izuku begins to cum and the Thorn Princess starts to swallow without fail. Of course, he’s well aware that his seed doesn’t taste bad. He’s more than capable of using some of his Quirks to make sure of that. In fact… much like how he’d seduced Momo back during their first time meeting, he should have been using his Quirks to make this oral sex the best experience of Yor’s life from the very beginning. Alas, he’d sort of got caught up in the moment, hadn’t he?

Still, as Yor swallows his load and seems to quite enjoy the taste, Momo looks like she’s just getting started. So he could start making sure to rock Yor’s world now, he supposed…
Chapter 61: Taking Over
Chapter Text

A/N: Izuku takes charge~

-x-X-x-

“A-Alright. Now…”

As Momo tries to move on to the next phase of whatever she has planned, Izuku reaches out and takes hold of her hair, pulling her in for a tongue-filled kiss. Almost immediately, she melts against him, moaning into his mouth as he pulls out all the stops. Down below, Yor is on her knees still between them, still suckling at Izuku’s cock as if she’s hoping to get some more of his delicious cum.

When he finally pulls back from Momo’s mouth, Izuku gives his girlfriend a grin and a wink.

“It’s okay Momo… I’ll take it from here.”

Flushed bright red and positively squirming, Momo just nods her head, her breath hitching as she looks down at Yor.

“L-Listen to everything Izuku says, Yor… he… mm, he knows b-best~”

Stepping away, Momo leaves room for Yor to pull back off of his cock at long last. Izuku has to admit… the Thorn Princess is gorgeous kneeling there before him, completely naked with her hands still in her lap, awaiting instruction. His cock twitches back to life as he just looks down at her for a moment… but in the end, he knows he needs to get a move on.

“Stand up.”

Yor does as she’s told without hesitation, rising to her feet. Immediately, Izuku reaches out and pulls her in close. The femme fatale’s eyes widen at his electric touch as Izuku runs his hands along her body, feeling up different parts of her. A soft, surprised moan leaves Yor’s lips and Izuku grins, knowing full well the effect he’s having on her.

Momo, meanwhile, leans back against the nearby kitchen table, biting her lower lip and fingering herself casually as she watches him go to town on her sister. She knows full well what Izuku is capable of after all. When he goes all out, he rocks a woman’s world… and that’s what he’s going to do with Yor Yaoyorozu here and now.

Soft mewling graduates into wanton moans as Izuku feels Yor up, using his library of Quirks to really get her engine revving. His fingers work her nipples into a rock hard state in no time at all, his hands molesting her breasts. But that’s just one area. He runs his digits up and down her body, teasing different parts of her form as she shivers and shudders from the goosebumps.

By the time he brings his fingers down to her slit… Yor is already drooling for him. She doesn’t seem to know what to make of it though, as her face scrunches up in confusion even while she’s moaning wantonly. Driving two fingers in and out of her cunt with one hand, Izuku’s other hand is on one of her breasts. Finally, he leans in and kisses her, his tongue pushing into her mouth as Yor bucks and shakes against him.

At long last, she tips over the edge just from that foreplay. Her body spasms and she cums all over his fingers, shuddering her way through a truly explosive orgasm that leaves her moaning into his mouth in confusion. When Izuku pulls back, he gives her a smile… and pulls his fingers out of her pussy, only to bring them up to her lips.

“Suck them clean.”

She’s still confused, still uncertain… but she does as she’s told all the same, inexpertly sucking his digits until there’s nothing left on them but spit. Once she’s done, Izuku nods approvingly, eyes twinkling. He now knows for sure…

“You’re a virgin, aren’t you Yor?”

Over at the table, Momo stiffens in surprise. But he’s not entirely sure why. It makes perfect sense, doesn’t it? Despite Yor being older than Momo… the elder Yaoyorozu is so innocent and oblivious to matters of sex that it only seems obvious in the end. Indeed, Yor herself doesn’t seem all that put out by the question, merely blinking for a moment before nodding.

“Ah… yes.”

As expected. Izuku just grabs her by the hips and kisses her again before beginning to walk her backwards… right up to the dining table where Momo is leaned against. The younger Yaoyorozu shifts to the side to give Izuku room to pick Yor up by her ass and lift her up onto the table’s edge. In response, Yor instinctively wraps her limbs around him for support, her legs crossing behind his waist and her arms draped over his shoulders.

Her body is incredibly receptive to him… and frankly, it’s a downright crime that no one has ever been with Yor Yaoyorozu before. She’s absolutely beautiful and quite frankly drop dead gorgeous. Who wouldn’t want to be with a girl as hot as Yor? Still, their loss is Izuku’s gain. Making space between them, he brings his rock hard, throbbing member up to Yor’s pussy lips, causing her to gasp as she feels that same electricity from the touch of his dick against her slit, except even better.

The Thorn Princess’ eyes are wide and her face is red as she looks down at where they’re about to be joined. At where Izuku is about to claim Yor’s virginity… in front of her younger sister. Momo stands just off to the side, still watching, still fingering herself… still excited as all hell. Indeed, between the two women, Izuku actually can’t tell who’s face is redder at this point. They’re both blushing up a storm, even as Izuku smiles at Yor, teasing her entrance with his cock as she moans throatily.

“Are you ready, Yor?”

She doesn’t actually look much like the Thorn Princess right now. There’s none of that killer instinct or raw determination or total resolve that she had when she tried to attack him back in the gardening shop. No, right now she’s just Yor Yaoyorozu, a young woman who’s never had sex before, finding herself being seduced by her sister and her sister’s boyfriend.

Even still, Yor only hesitates briefly before nodding her head emphatically. Allowing himself a wide grin, Izuku doesn’t wait a second longer. He thrusts forward, filling Yor with his cock and taking her virginity right then and there.

Momo’s older sister lets out a particularly lewd cry as he claims her. Normally, the first penetration would be painful… but thanks to Izuku, that doesn’t happen. Indeed, even as his cock fills Yor up, he’s dipping into his pool of Quirks to make sure that she has the best damn experience he can possibly give her. Every sensation, one of pleasure. Every sexual act, one of bliss and ecstasy.

Yor’s eyes go crossed and her mouth forms into an O as she groans out. Her pussy walls clench and flex down on his dick and it’s not that surprising that she cums for him right on penetration. Izuku is pulling out all of the stops here… and from the look of things, it’s having quite the effect on the inexperienced young woman. She might be a stone cold killer out on the streets, but in the sheets she might as well be a kitten. That… Izuku can use that.

This might just be the path he takes to peel Yor away from the Shopkeeper and bring her into his organization permanently… if his plan to recruit the Shopkeeper doesn’t pan out of course. Yor’s loyalty to her superior is admirable, but loyalty can be transferred. Devotion can be eroded. It’s not like Izuku set out to addict Yor Yaoyorozu to him via sex, but at the same time…

He watches as Yor throws her head back, crying out in ecstasy. He feels as her pussy walls clench around his thrusting, pistoning prick. Orgasm after orgasm takes her, driving her crazy with pleasure and mad with lust. Izuku doesn’t let up either. He doesn’t give her even a single break. So perhaps it shouldn’t be that surprising when she abruptly comes up again and seizes upon him, pulling him into a kiss.

Still, it does catch him a little off guard. For the first time, Yor herself is the one to initiate a lip lock. Her tongue pushes into his mouth only for Izuku to turn the ensuing wrestling match around on her, dominating her mouth with his own tongue and easily overpowering her. Yor’s eyes fully roll back in her head at that point, her moans muffled by his lips as she bucks and shakes there on the table’s edge.

Truthfully, he doesn’t know how many times Yor cums on his cock. But eventually he can’t hold himself back anymore and with a heartfelt groan, he tips over the edge as well. This too, he makes sure is an experience and a half for the beautiful femme fatale. He makes sure that having him cum inside of her is the best thing Yor has ever experienced, causing her to climax one last time in a mutual orgasm that makes her squeal and scream at the top of her lungs.

Only once he’s done emptying his balls into Yor does Izuku pull out. Or rather, he tries to. The moment he attempts to pull away, he finds himself contending with Yor Yaoyorozu’s super strength. The gorgeous young woman squeezes her thighs around him, her legs locked behind his waist and her arms clasped around his neck. She moans into his mouth, unwilling to let him go.

Technically he could have fought his way free, he was more than strong enough for it… but instead Izuku just chuckles into Yor’s lips and moves his hands from her hips down to under her ass again. Then, he lifts her up. Their lip lock ends then, with Yor burying her face in the crook of his neck instead as she clings to him for dear life. A normal man might have had his bones pulverized by her incredible strength, but Izuku was far tougher than most normal men.

As it is, he’s able to carry her with ease, even as he throws Momo an amused glance. His girlfriend blushes profusely, still fingering herself even now. Though from the puddle on the floor and the sheer amount of glistening fluids down her thighs, she’s clearly been having just as much fun as them. Chuckling, Izuku tosses his head back towards the apartment’s hallway, where he assumes they’ll find a bedroom.

“Shall we?”

Momo bites her lower lip… and then nods enthusiastically, following him as he carries her near-catatonic sister back towards the bed. Needless to say, none of the three of them get much sleep that night. But at the same time… none of them mind all that much either.

-x-X-x-

Before he knows it, the day of the Sports Festival has arrived. Izuku hasn’t been idle in that time, of course. He and Yor have been doing some reconnaissance, with Momo wanting to assist but Izuku pushing her to prepare for the Sports Festival instead. They hadn’t quite managed to track Stain down yet, but Izuku wasn’t too beat up about it. The man was a vagabond and a nomad, the kind who was constantly on the move. They’d find him soon enough, but until then… well, Izuku had a Sports Festival to win, didn’t he?

“Izuku Midoriya.”

Pausing, Izuku finds himself pulled out of his inner musings by someone stepping in front of him, calling out his name and drawing his attention. He finds himself looking at none other than Shouko Todoroki, the youngest daughter of the Number Two Pro Hero Endeavor. With her red and white hair and a scar across one side of her face, she has an almost menacing look to her, especially with the way she’s staring him down now.

Huh, oh yeah… she’d tried to follow him at one point, hadn’t she? He’d completely forgotten about that, mostly because after he’d given her the slip that one day, she’d never tried to follow him again. He wasn’t sure why that was… perhaps she had enough social awareness to realize he’d caught her stalking him and was embarrassed enough by that to back off?

Either way, it seemed she wasn’t planning to back off any longer. Hands clenched into fists at her sides, Shouko grits her teeth as she glares him down intensely. Izuku, of course, isn’t even remotely intimidated. Giving Shouko a carefree smile, he tilts his head to the side inquisitively.

“Oh? Todoroki? What can I do for you?”

The young woman hisses out an exhalation of air for a moment before shaking her head.

“There is nothing you can do for me, Midoriya. Know this. I acknowledge your strength. You are stronger than me.”

Izuku’s eyebrows raise at that. He wasn’t expecting that sort of blunt appraisal from the heroine-in-training, but there it was.

“Furthermore, I have been watching you closely. I believe you have a special connection to many Pro Heroes, including Mirko and All Might.”

Ah. Well. That was… interesting. From the way Shouko was talking, she didn’t know exactly what sort of relationship he had with Mirko or All Might, thankfully. If she did for either of them… well, that would be a problem, wouldn’t it?

“I don’t care though. I don’t care that you’re stronger than me. Because no matter what… I will defeat you. I will win and come in first in the Sports Festival.”

Oh-ho. Izuku can’t help the grin that spreads across his face at Shouko Todoroki’s conviction. Despite declaring him to be stronger than her, she seems convinced of her own words. Indeed, as she stands tall before him, Izuku can’t help but be a little pleased by the resolve he sees in Shouko’s expression. It’s a good look on her… but at the same time…

“You won’t if you continue to hold yourself back.”

His words cause Shouko to jerk back as if he’s physically struck her. Her eyes widen, but Izuku doesn’t give her a chance to respond.

“I’m stronger than you because I use every tool in my arsenal, Shouko. So long as you continue to restrain yourself, so long as you ignore half of your Quirk… you will never be able to surpass me.”

Shouko’s shock and surprise rapidly morph into anger as she grits her teeth.

“I will not use That Man’s power. I will be a Pro Hero solely with my Ice.”

But Izuku just shakes his head.

“Then you will never surpass me. Until you recognize your power as your own, until you can separate your flames from your father’s… you will always be second best.”

Technically not even second best, seeing as Katsumi could reliably beat Shouko at times as well. But Izuku sees no reason to rub salt into the wound.

Still, as Shouko vibrates with anger, he does consider for a moment how to best handle the young woman. Perhaps he could bring her into his sphere of influence and encourage her to walk the path that was best for her at the same time…
Chapter 62: Pre-Game Wagers
Chapter Text

A/N: Lots of talking this chapter~

-x-X-x-

“… Let’s make a deal.”

His words defuse Shouko’s growing anger, converting some of it into pure confusion. Her brow furrows and her head tilts to the side as she looks at him both with curiosity and suspicion.

“A… deal?”

Izuku nods his head, making sure to maintain an amicable demeanor and tone. Especially since he knows just how… inflammatory his next words are going to be.

“You cannot defeat me with just your ice. You will never be able to defeat me with just ice.”

Shouko hisses, but Izuku isn’t done.

“Prove me wrong.”

That causes the young woman to jolt, her eyes widening in surprise at Izuku’s blunt command.

“I’m serious. This is it. Your chance to prove me wrong on a public stage. Win the U.A. Sports Festival. Get all the way to the end and defeat me.”

Because he was going to make it to the end himself… beyond a shadow of a doubt. Everyone, in Class 1-A at least, already knew the way this particular cookie was going to crumble. He was the current favorite to win the entire Sports Festival. So if Shouko was going to win it instead, it would be him and her at the end, no question.

“If you defeat me with just your ice… well, I’m so confident that’s not going to happen that I’ll go ahead and make it open ended. If you win, you can have whatever you might want from me. But if I win… if I win the Sports Festival, if you fail to beat me with just your ice… you have to use your fire for a week. In whatever capacity you’re called upon to use your Quirks, you have to use your fire just as much as your ice for seven entire days.”

Shouko stiffens up and grits her teeth again, her hands clenched into white-knuckled fists at her side.

“I already told you; I refuse to use That Man’s power. I-!”

Izuku is quick to cut her off.

“It’s not his power though, Shouko. It’s your power. All yours. And until you understand that you will never be able to beat me. You will never be the best Pro Hero you can be. So sure, pass on this wager if you’re that afraid you’ll lose. Seems to me that only confirms my point though… you know you can’t win with just your ice, so you can’t even risk losing to me and having to follow through with your end of the deal.”

It's funny, because he really is speaking from the heart here. She has no way of knowing it, but Izuku’s words apply to himself even more than they apply to Shouko. She was born with her Quirk, so in every possible way except her own mental gymnastics, it WAS her power. Both the Ice and Fire belonged to her and nobody else.

He, meanwhile, had been ‘gifted’ much of his power. His original Quirk was simply an off shoot of All for One’s Quirk, that he had then used to take all of his father’s Quirks before killing him. On top of that, he’d snaked All Might’s One for All Quirk out from under him, making Izuku the most powerful Quirk User in Japan if perhaps not the world.

And yet, technically all of that power was borrowed… stolen, really. But did Izuku see it that way? Of course not. His Quirks were his Quirks. His power was his power. That’s why it was so hard for him to see Shouko wasting her potential like she was. Because at the end of the day, they were more alike than she realized. But of course, she doesn’t know any of that.

“That’s-!”

Shouko bites down on whatever she might have said next. Izuku just gives her a meaningful glance. Silence hangs between them for a moment before finally, she hisses out her response.

“You have a deal. I WILL win with just my ice. I don’t care how strong you are Midoriya… I’m going to beat you. No matter what.”

Izuku smiles and offers his hand. For a moment, Shouko looks like she just wants to knock it away, but in the end she steps forward and they shake on it. Only once they’ve done so does he bother with a verbal response.

“We’ll see, Todoroki. We’ll see.”

She whips around at that and stalks away in a huff. Izuku watches her go with some level of amusement on his face… only for that amusement to drop when another familiar voice reaches his ears.

“Why waste time with her? You were right. She is wasting her full potential. Someone like her… she’s got nothing on us.”

Turning around, Izuku regards Katsumi Bakugo somewhat coolly. Immediately, the blonde stiffens and then ducks her head, flushing furiously under his gaze. Their… relationship could not be said to truly have improved ever since the incident with her mother. In fact, they actually hadn’t exchanged a single word since Izuku had covered Katsumi in his cum after fucking her senseless. His final words to her had been rather direct and altogether vicious.

"You're not worthy of bearing my child, Katsumi. You're barely worthy of wearing my seed."

And yet, here she was all the same. Approaching him. Trying to… what, find common ground with him? For the first time since they were very young children, Katsumi had just grouped her and Izuku together. She’d said ‘us’. As though she recognized his strength as an equal. But of course, they both knew they weren’t equals… hence the aversion of her gaze the moment he looked at her.

Still, she’d been a little bit more mellow in class at least. And so far as he was aware, she hadn’t engaged in any bullying since arriving at U.A. save for her failed attempts to bully him. Perhaps… was Katsumi trying to turn over a new leaf?

“Is that so?”

His voice is neither encouraging nor discouraging, but Katsumi seems to latch onto the fact that he’s willing to talk to her at all.

“It is. You said it yourself. She’s an idiot for not using all of her Quirk as much as possible. How else do you get stronger? I’ve practiced with my Quirk for years. I got the top score in the Entrance Exam… the open one, anyways. And you… you’ve clearly worked hard. Regardless of how late you got your Quirk. You never gave up, Izuku. You never restricted yourself. You never stopped fighting. Todoroki doesn’t understand that sort of drive. She can’t keep up with us, not when she limits herself like she does.”

… Wow. That was… a lot to unpack. Izuku didn’t think Katsumi of all people would ever be able to strike him speechless, but here they are. Funnily enough, she’s dead wrong of course. He HAD held himself back, and for almost as long as Shouko as well. Of course, his reasons for pretending to be Quirkless and Shouko’s reasons for ignoring half of her Quirk were two very different things. Still, it was nevertheless the case that Izuku had in fact restricted himself for a decade all for the sake of his father’s plans.

But just because Katsumi was dead wrong didn’t mean there wasn’t a surprising amount of heart in what she was saying. Was she seriously reaching out right now? Offering an olive branch? And yet…

“You really are something else, Katsumi.”

The blonde girl flinches at his amused, bemused tone. She opens her mouth to say something, but Izuku cuts her off with a raised hand.

“All of that… all of this… you really think you can just act like nothing ever happened, is that right?”

Eyes widening, Katsumi quickly starts to shake her head.

“N-No, I-!”

But Izuku cuts her off, suddenly standing in front of her, one hand on her shoulder and squeezing it firmly to remind her of his strength. Katsumi goes still and Izuku slowly brings his lips to her ear.

“Let’s make a deal between us as well, Katsumi. You think you’re so much better than Shouko? Think you have what it takes to beat her and face me in the end?”

He pauses and looks her in the eye, squeezing down a little harder to make it clear he wants an answer. Katsumi trembles, but there’s a glint of determination in her demeanor all the same.

“Y-Yes.”

“Then do it. Make it to the end. Face me. You don’t have to beat me. We both know you can’t. If you can beat Shouko… I’ll give you some personal one-on-one training, alright? But if you lose to Shouko… then I’m going to fuck you until you’re knocked up. I’m going to pin you down in another mating press, breed you silly, and force you to drop out of U.A. before your first year is even up.”

The more he speaks, the stiller Katsumi gets, until Izuku is pretty sure she’s not even breathing. She stares at him in wide eyed stupefaction, no doubt remembering his last words to her on that subject. He’d told her she wasn’t worthy of bearing his child, and now he was turning around and making bearing his child into a potential punishment. It was a bit hypocritical of him, wasn’t it?

Izuku didn’t care though. And he can tell that Katsumi realizes that fact, even as she shakily nods her head.

“A-Alright… d-deal.”

When she offers him a trembling hand a moment later, Izuku is beyond amused by it. Still, he shakes it nonetheless, before letting go and walking away from her. Would all of that cause Katsumi to fight better or worse? Funnily enough, he really didn’t know. His childhood friend and bully had proven to be rather… pathetic when he’d finally fucked her after plowing her mother silly. She’d gotten off on being demeaned, humiliated, and defeated. She’d been hopelessly aroused at being helpless and within his power.

She’d cum buckets when she thought he might actually pull the trigger and knock her up back then, but what about now, with time apart from that incident? From the way she was trembling before he left her behind, Izuku wasn’t too sure. His promise might just cause her to flop on her face on purpose at some point, maybe against Shouko herself. He didn’t think that very likely to be fair, but if it DID happen… well, that’d be fucking hilarious if nothing else.

A few moments after Izuku walks away from Katsumi, Class 1-A is led out of the waiting room and down the hall to the Freshman Stage where all of the other classes are also entering at the same time. There’s a lot of students and Izuku is reminded that just because he’s in one of the two Hero Classes doesn’t mean there aren’t plenty more Freshmen in the Support Course and the General Ed Course as well.

In fact, hadn’t he heard of some sort of incident where the other students had come around to Class 1-A’s room to ‘scout out the competition’? Admittedly, he hadn’t been there for that, nor had he cared much when he heard about it. Even still… there were a lot of dirty looks being thrown Class 1-A’s way, even as the R-Rated Hero Midnight made her way out onto the stage.

“Greetings Freshmen of U.A.! I am your Chief Referee for this year, Midnight!”

Most eyes turn towards the beautiful woman once she actually speaks… and once they’re looking at her, well it becomes a lot harder to stop looking at her. Midnight has that effect on people, even though her Quirk isn’t based on seduction, but rather putting people to sleep. Though, from what Izuku had read, Midnight’s Quirk DID work better on men over women. It also had to be exuded from her skin, which led to her wearing an incredibly thin bodysuit under her otherwise skimpy costume when she was out doing actual Hero Work. Thus the designation of R-Rated.

On top of that, the dominatrix-themed Pro Hero wielded whips and fans. The latter allowed her to spread her sleep-inducing aroma more effectively, but the former… that was just because she was perverse as far as Izuku could tell.

Of course, right now she wasn’t on active duty. One might wonder how such a controversial and unique heroine got permission to work at a school. But to be fair to Midnight, while she still dressed incredibly sexily, it wasn’t as bad as her Hero Work. Her bodysuit for Hero Work could rip at the slightest movement. But her bodysuit right now is clearly made of much thicker material, given how she’s all but jumping around as she grins and poses for all of them.

Nevertheless, she’s almost certainly going to feature in the wet dreams of most of the male Freshmen later tonight… and plenty of the female Freshmen as well, no doubt.

She-

“Alright! Let’s get this show on the road, shall we? Izuku Midoriya, get up here! You’re our player representative for the Freshmen, so let’s get a few words from you!”

Oh? Izuku wondered why he hadn’t been warned ahead of time. Ah well, nothing for it. He splits off from Class 1-A, everyone in the class having expressions of acceptance on their faces as they nod like it makes perfect sense. The other Freshmen aren’t nearly so accepting judging by their mutters and some angry scowls being thrown his way, but Izuku doesn’t pay them much mind.

Except… as he gives Midnight a boyish smile, taking the mike from her even as she grins right back without a hint of blush, Izuku turns and faces his fellow Freshmen, realizing he does have to pay them some mind. This is his chance to set the stage so to speak… no pun intended. Right now he has to decide what sort of tempo they all go into the Sports Festival with.

He’s already set a personal sort of tempo for himself, what with the deals he made with Shouko and Katsumi. But those two were those two… he knew how to motivate them, even if he still wasn’t sure what direction his motivation of Katsumi would end up going. Still, what worked for them might not work for all of these students.

… And Izuku did want to motivate them. He really did. His plans involved many of the young men and women that were standing in front of him now. Even the ones who were glaring at him angrily or staring at him with jealousy. In the world that Izuku wanted to create, they would all have their roles to play. They would all need to carry their own weight.

So what sort of speech did he want to give? Did he want to make himself the villain like he sort of had with Shouko and Katsumi? Or did he want to be encouraging, even in the face of their clear envy?

Hmm…
Chapter 63: The First Stage
Chapter Text

A/N: The Sports Festival Begins~

-x-X-x-

What worked for two would not work for all. More than that, it didn’t really work for Izuku. Setting himself up as an antagonist force to the rest of the Freshmen might have worked to motivate them into giving their all towards beating him, but it would also be dangerously close to marking him as a villain. And that was counterproductive to his plans.

Not to mention, he’d already told All Might what his plans and ideals were. He’d told the other man that he wouldn’t go out and tell the world that he was going to be the next All Might because he wanted to build a world where the next All Might wasn’t needed. Frankly… it was time to put his money where his mouth was, wasn’t it?

As everyone stares up at him, some expectant, some glaring, some grinding their teeth, Izuku gazes back at all of them. He meets the eyes of some of the angrier students and watches them flinch back in the face of his implacable nature. He smiles slightly at that… and finally begins to speak.

“Heroics Course…”

Immediately, Class 1-A and 1-B straighten up, while everyone else bristles. That is, until…

“Support Course…”

There’s a little confusion that ripples through his fellow Heroics Students now, even as those of the Support Course all straighten up, looking surprised but also a little pleased to even be acknowledged by Izuku. But then to be fair, most of the people in the Support Course weren’t actually trying to get into Heroics. Most of them were exactly where they wanted to be, making gadgets and supplying support as they would be in the future once they graduated as well.

“General Education...”

The same could not be said for the final group Izuku mentions. Everyone knew that the vast majority of U.A.’s Department of General Education were the rejects. The failures. The students filling up the Freshman Class of General Ed had all tried to get into Heroics… and wound up not being good enough.

That didn’t mean they weren’t worth Izuku’s time though, or that they couldn’t wind up being Pro Heroes in the future. It was just a natural consequence of there being very limited spots in an institution as prestigious as U.A. was. With only two Heroics Classes, there were always going to be way more ‘have nots’ then there were ‘haves’.

Most of Gen Ed doesn’t perk up at the sound of his voice calling out to them. Some of them do. Some of them are intrigued by where he’s going with this. Most are still green with envy though and scowling up at him. Izuku doesn’t let it get to him, of course. What sort of man would he be if he did?

Still, the end result of his slow, methodical start is that he has everyone hanging on the edge of their seat for this next bit.

“None of that matters.”

There’s a bit of an explosion of noise at that. Even Midnight behind him lets out a small bark of laughter, caught off guard by his brazen and blunt words. Meanwhile, the assembled Freshmen don’t seem to know WHAT to think of it. The Heroics Students clearly do feel like their positions matter. They won them fair and square. But they also all know Izuku is stronger, faster, and just plain better than them, so they’re all pretty subdued. Support and General Ed… not so much.

“NONE OF THAT MATTERS!”

Izuku’s voice raises over the tumult, echoing through the stadium. His words drill into their heads with just a little help from a Quirk that makes sure everyone doesn’t just hear him but listens to him. The rowdy crowd of students quiet down for a moment as the effect washes over them, and Izuku speaks into it, his voice quieter, his tone even, but his confidence nevertheless unwavering as he crosses his arms over his chest.

“Are we not, all of us, students of U.A.? Heroics, Support, General Ed. It doesn’t matter what course you come from. Here and now, you earned your chance to be here and take part in this Sports Festival. That’s why I say none of it matters. Because this is the moment where anything can happen. Where anyone can shine and show themselves to be more than just a silly little label.”

Deafening silence as they process what he’s saying and do the mental equivalent of double takes. Because he can’t be saying what they think he’s saying, right? Izuku lets his smile grow into a wide, wicked grin as he gazes out at all those adorably confused faces.

“I’m not saying it’ll be easy. But nothing worth doing ever is. You applied to U.A. in the first place to make something of yourselves. Well here’s your chance. All of Japan is watching… all of the world, even. You better give it your all, because you can bet everything that I will.”

With those final, mildly antagonistic words, Izuku thrusts his fist high into the air.

“U.A.!”

There’s a brief pause… and then, not quite as one but nearly so that it doesn’t really matter, the entire Freshmen Class responds by doing the exact same thing.

“”U.A.!!!””

As Izuku smiles proudly, there’s an amused huff from behind him, and a quieter voice clearly meant for only him reaches his ears.

“Not bad kid. Not bad at all.”

Glancing back at Midnight, Izuku just flashes her a cheeky grin… to which she responds with a lick of the lips and a salacious smirk of her own. Oh-ho? Something to explore later, perhaps. For now, Izuku steps off the stage and back among his classmates, receiving a surprising amount of shoulder grabs and back slaps and words of camaraderie from all of them.

His words have definitely had an effect… but then, Midnight’s next words also have quite the effect.

“Alright you brats! Focus up! The First Event of the Sports Festival is an Obstacle Race… and it starts in thirty seconds!”

Everyone jolts at that, their eyes going wide as they all tense up, trying to prepare themselves. Midnight grins, clearly enjoying getting them all riled up.

“The Obstacle Race will be out of the Stadium through that door over there, all the way around the Stadium itself… and back into the Stadium through that other entryway over there!”

As she points, everyone’s eyes follow her fingers to the entrances she’s mentioning. Izuku, meanwhile, is humming in thought. An Obstacle Race… on the face of it, a race around the Stadium seems almost too easy. Until one takes into account the word ‘obstacle’. He could have cheated of course. He could have had Nana tell him about every aspect of the Sports Festival from start to finish. Hell, if not her, he could have had Rumi do it instead. Or even Ryuuki.

All of them were heavily involved as members of U.A.’s faculty. But he hadn’t. He didn’t want any special treatment, truth be told. After all, he was already so far ahead of the pack it wasn’t even funny. That said… he’d have to stay on his toes for these so-called ‘obstacles’.

“Ten seconds left, brats!”

Everyone starts shifting from foot to foot, looking towards the first exit that Midnight had pointed to. On the wall of the Stadium, a stoplight suddenly lights up, starting at red. Then, as the seconds tick down, it turns yellow. Izuku’s hands curl into his fists and he calls upon One for All, while bolstering the Stockpile Quirk with a number of additional fitness Quirks. His muscles bulge from the power beneath his gym uniform.

And then… green!

Izuku takes off like a speeding bullet, though of course he’s not the only one. Everyone makes a beeline for the exit, some faster than others. He supposes he shouldn’t be surprised that Shouko manages to get in the front right alongside him as they make their way down the tunnel at the head of the pack. One would think it would have been Ida Tenya instead, seeing as the young man’s Quirk was all about speed. But… he’s too nice, in the end.

“OUT OF MY WAY!”

An explosion behind them causes Izuku to grin a little. Ida might be too nice, but Katsumi… well, she was something else. He doesn’t even have to look back over his shoulder to know that the explosive blonde has blown her way up into the top of the tunnel’s space with her Quirk, breaking free of the pack she’d found herself squished in.

Just as they reach the end of the tunnel in fact, Izuku feels her shadow falling over him. In that moment, he, Shouko, and Katsumi are all neck and neck. He wonders briefly if maybe he should have given everyone else the same spiel he gave them after all… but no. He gave everyone the right speech. It’s just that these two girls are absolutely insane, highly competitive… and perhaps more motivated than expected to win the whole Sports Festival.

Wasn’t like Izuku could go around offering wagers and deals to EVERYONE in the Freshmen Class, after all.

Looming in front of them as they break free of the Stadium Tunnel are the first obstacles they have to face. Numerous massive robots bar their path, making Katsumi growl out something about ‘worthless Zero Pointers’. Shouko doesn’t say anything though, preferring actions to words. Ice explodes out from her feet, propelling her forward even faster than before… while also aiming to trap everyone behind her as it seeks to catch THEIR feet in its frozen clutches.

Katsumi, by dearth of being in the air already, doesn’t suffer this fate one bit. Izuku… doesn’t even try to avoid it. The ice meets his shoes and tries to crawl up his legs… and shatters uselessly as he pumps more power into them, not slowing down for even a second. Nor does he need to worry about his balance on the ice sheet that Shouko leaves behind in her wake either. A Quirk that grants him perfect balance no matter the terrain allows him to sprint across what would be slippery ice without a care in the world.

The three of them reach the robots together as a result, with Izuku pulling just a little ahead. Shouko takes care of the robot in front of her with a flashy ice attack that freezes the entire thing in what feels like a nanosecond, leaping up and then through it as it shatters around her. Katsumi just launches herself off of one’s head, pushing herself higher into the air to avoid their attacks.

Izuku meanwhile… well, when he finally does look back behind them, he sees that all of Class 1-A, perhaps as a result of sparring with and training alongside Shouko all these months, managed to avoid her little trap. Many of Class 1-B and the General Ed and Support Courses did not, unfortunately, but they’re breaking free in their own ways all the same.

Seeing all of this… Izuku doesn’t want anyone to get too left behind. Sure, he could easily slip through the massive robots and not only maintain his lead but increase it as well. But where would the fun in that be? Especially when… there’s four of the massive robots who have unthinkingly lined themselves up for him oh so perfectly.

With a savage grin on his face, Izuku calls upon more of One for All. Will there be comparisons to All Might after this despite his best intentions? Perhaps. But then, there are plenty of powerful brutes out there, aren’t there?

With a grunt, Izuku pushes off the ground with all his might and slams his fist through the first robot… and then the second… and then the third and fourth respectively. He tears a hole not through one flash-frozen robot like Shouko had done, but through all four of his targets with nothing but pure strength.

It does leave him mere seconds behind Shouko and Katsumi, but Izuku isn’t worried. The shouts of shock and awe from the rest of the Freshmen Class who have just witnessed this feat bolsters him, bringing a wide grin to his face. Heh, he might have a bit of an ego problem… but then, was it really an ego when you could really put your money where your mouth was every single time?

The next obstacle is a lot more boring though, to be honest. A massive pit filled with platforms atop stone pillars that in turn had ropes strewn between them for people to use to cross to the other side. Shouko slides across the ropes and platforms alike with ice on the soles of her shoes, treating the whole thing like an extreme, hardcore ice rink. Katsumi has to come in for a landing a couple times before blasting off again, using her explosions to hop from platform to platform.

Izuku… Izuku takes a page from Katsumi’s book. He leaps. But he doesn’t leap from platform to platform. He leaps from one side of the obstacle to the center platform… and then leaps again to the other side of the obstacle entirely.

In an instant, he’s ahead again. Through his enhanced hearing, he picks up Katsumi’s strangled gurgle of shock and fury at seeing him pass her once more. He also picks up a huff of anger from the much quieter Shouko as well. Even as he sprints onward, reaching the third and final obstacle of the race, Izuku can’t help but tilt his head to the side in amusement.

The final obstacle… is a Mine Field. He can feel the mines under the ground ahead through a Tremor Sense Quirk. He can also see the massive red signs shouting ‘danger’ as he approaches. It’s funny that they put so many ground obstacles in this little obstacle race of theirs. It really seems like it gives those with any Quirk capable of putting them in the air an unfair advantage.

Then again, Shouko has been ground bound this entire time, hasn’t she? He’s not sure why she hasn’t thought to take to the skies like Katsumi has, maybe with some kind of ice slide that she constantly forms in front of her or something. Maybe she will when she realizes what they’ve been confronted with here.

Knowing those two are right behind him and that the rest of the pack is still traversing the pit and pillars… Izuku hesitates for a brief second. Not visibly of course. But internally, he speeds up his perception, massively slowing down the world around him as he considers how he wants to do this. Does he want to win this first event? Of course he does. But how does he want to win?

Should it be close? By the skin of his teeth? Or should it be an overwhelming victory on his part? Is there a middle ground to be found somewhere instead? Hmm…

Izuku considers Shouko and Katsumi. And he considers his own plans and the Sports Festival as a whole. And then… he makes his decision.
Chapter 64: The First Victory
Chapter Text

A/N: The First Stage comes to a close~

-x-X-x-

Making it too close would be an insult to not just his own skill, but also Katsumi and Shouko as well. They needed to know that they weren’t nipping at his heels and that they needed to step up their game if they intended to win. Shouko especially. If she wanted to enter the life of a Pro Hero only ever using fifty percent of her power, then she needed to prove that fifty percent of her power was greater than one hundred percent of what anyone else could hope to bring to bear.

Of course, it wasn’t… she would eventually wind up in situations where just her ice wouldn’t be enough. Better that Izuku teach her that now in a controlled environment rather than have Shouko learn it later in a more dangerous situation against a villain that might just outright kill her for her stubbornness.

At the same time, he didn’t want to make it boring. That was why he wanted something that was decisive but not devastating. Something that made it crystal clear he was the best of the best but didn’t make it overwhelming.

To be fair, he could have just leapt across the entire Mine Field in a single bound, trivializing the entire obstacle just like he had the pit and its platforms connected with ropes. But that would be the exact sort of boring he wanted to avoid. Just because they’d made this way too easy for anyone with Quirks that allowed them to go airborne didn’t mean Izuku should take the easy way out.

Maybe that was even part of the evaluation, in fact. Oh sure, Izuku didn’t think that soaring over the obstacles would necessarily impact one’s performance in the Sports Festival itself at any point. The teachers weren’t going to penalize someone for using their Quirk to their fullest potential and if you could ‘cheese’ your way to victory in every single stage, they would almost certainly allow it.

However, winning the Sports Festival was not the be all, end all in and of itself. Rather, this was all about what came after. The Sports Festival was a spectacle that raised tons of money for U.A. every year, while the students went unpaid. However, the students DID gain one valuable thing… recognition and internships. At the end of the Sports Festival, current Pro Hero Agencies from all across Japan would throw internships at the students who caught their eye, sometimes in the hundreds of offers.

Izuku hadn’t fully decided how that factored into his own plans if he was being honest. It wasn’t like he’d already picked out a Pro Hero he wanted to catch the eye of and get an internship offer from either. But he did so love to play the field and that meant attracting as many offers as possible.

All of this was to say… Izuku COULD have leapt the Mine Field in a single bound. He doesn’t. Instead, as he slows back down his perception to merely inhuman levels and not time stop levels, Izuku races forward right among the mines themselves. He grins, imagining that he can hear the gasps and shouts of shock from the onlookers currently watching on large monitors back in the stadium.

But if they’re worried for him… they needn’t be. Izuku is in complete control of this situation and he goes about showing exactly that, dancing through the Mine Field rather than soaring over it. He doesn’t touch a single mine as he sprints forward, his movements probably making him look like some sort of insane ballerina or something as he spins this way and that without pause.

Behind him however, he hears the first explosions as Katsumi and Shouko catch up. The two young women likely saw him making his way without issue and tunneled on him, not even realizing what he was in the middle of. As he spins out of the way of another mine, doing a perfectly executed pirouette in the process, Izuku gets a good look at the both of their faces as they each hit a mine of their own at the same time. Their expressions are hilariously comical.

Though, a single mine doesn’t take either of them down for the count. Katsumi curses and blasts herself up into the air, lunging forward with propulsion provided by constant explosions coming from her hands. Shouko, meanwhile, flashes out her own hands in a wave in front of her, icing up the area and freezing the mines, locking them down in the process so she can proceed forward.

Izuku has way too much of a lead for Shouko to catch up at this point, but because he’s not using his full strength right now, Katsumi is actually able to gain on him… and gain on him… and- there!

Katsumi’s eyes widen when she sees the vicious smirk that spreads across Izuku’s face right as he stomps his foot down on a certain part of the field almost too fast for the naked eye to see. The ground explodes upwards, but not because of a landmine… rather, because of his strength. The landmine, as it so happens, hasn’t exploded yet… until the pressure plate on the top of it smacks right into Katsumi’s gut, the mine having been flung straight out of the ground by Izuku’s move.

The pressure doubles the explosive blonde over… and then she vanishes in an explosion not caused by her Quirk for once. It’s not going to kill her, of course. None of the landmines in this mine field are strong enough to truly do any more than blow them all up a little and inconvenience them for a second. But Katsumi is inconvenienced for more than just a second seeing as the explosion from the landmine propels her backwards… and downwards, sending her plowing into the ground. More specifically, sending her plowing into a Mine Field.

Izuku has timed his attack perfectly. Like a smooth round rock skipping across the surface of the lake, Katsumi Bakugou goes skipping backwards across the field. However, rather than being propelled by surface tension, she’s propelled by exploding mines as she hits each one at the perfect angle to send her even further back.

Izuku counts the skips, even as he continues on his way. Only six, which is such a shame… but it’s not entirely his fault. It’s only six skips because Katsumi finally manages to right herself on the sixth, getting herself back into the air and under control. By that point, Shouko has passed her and the rest of the pack has fallen behind. She’s dangerously close to not just coming in third, but even fourth or fifth if any of the other students have a way to trivialize the Mine Field like Izuku did.

But that’s not his problem. He finishes his mad dance across the field and slips into the tunnel back into the stadium with ease, moving fast still but now with a confidence in knowing he’s won. Shouko and Katsumi will be right behind him of course, but not nipping on his heels. The perfect decisive victory.

Coming to a stop in the middle of the stadium itself, Izuku grins as Midnight announces his victory and the crowd of onlookers go wild. Curling his hand into a fist, he pumps it above his head, making them go even wilder in their excitement. Everyone loves a winner, he supposes.

Shouko finishes second, but Katsumi does at least manage third. And then the rest begin making their way into the stadium. There’s a big group of Class 1-A and Class 1-B all packed together, and then the best from the Gen Ed and Support Courses right behind them. And then everyone else trickles in one or two at a time, looking defeated and downtrodden. And for good reason too.

“I’m sorry to say that only the first forty-two students to make it back first will be advancing to the second stage of the festival! Everyone else has been disqualified!”

There are slumped shoulders from the latecomers at that, with Izuku eyeing who had and hadn’t made it. Most of Class 1-A and Class 1-B had all made it into the top forty-two to be fair… everyone important from those two classes, anyways. But there were also a few Support and Gen Ed that Izuku decided he’d have to keep his eye on.

As everyone who’d been disqualified leaves the stadium, Midnight continues on with a broad grin on her face and hands planted on her hips.

“The next event will be The Cavalry Battle! All of you should find a teammate… or three teammates, because for this next event you MUST be in a group of two or four! You’ll earn points by grabbing headbands from the other teams, so there’s advantages to both amounts of teammates! The number of points each student’s headband will award will depend on where they placed in the Obstacle Race!”

And then Midnight looks directly at Izuku.

“… With one exception! The winner of the first event, Izuku Midoriya… will have a headband worth ten MILLION points!”

Silence falls among the forty-two remaining students, while the stadium crowds go wild at this news. Izuku just meets Midnight’s gaze unflinchingly, giving her a wide grin that just screams ‘bring it on’. She matches his energy with a toothy grin of her own and a wink before looking at everyone else.

“Well? Get to making your teams! Anyone left without one will be paired up by me personally!”

Meaning that anyone left without a team would be paired with Izuku. Or at least, that was the implication seeing as you’d have to be absolutely insane to team up with Izuku instead of gunning for him and his ten million points. Insane… or his girlfriend.

As everyone rushes around, trying to form their teams, Izuku watches as Momo walks over to him with Itsuka Kendo by her side. The Class 1-B Representative is blushing a fair bit, but Momo is all smiles as she nods to Izuku decisively.

“Itsuka and I will be joining your team.”

Heh, of course. Izuku nods right back before glancing around them at their prospects. It was only possible to have Itsuka join their team if they could find a fourth member. Otherwise it would just have to be Momo and Izuku. Unfortunately, Izuku can already see that most of the girls he had a connection to had found teams of their own. Katsumi and Shouko were never going to join his team in the first place for obvious reasons. But there was also Mina Ashido, Kyoka Jiro, and Ochaco Uraraka, all of whom he’d had… ‘dealings’ with in the past.

Alas, he clearly hadn’t cultivated those relationships quite enough because they’d all already been snapped up or made their own teams by the time he’s looking for them.

For a moment, it really does look like they’ll maybe have to cut Itsuka loose and let her team up with some of her fellow Class 1-B classmates when suddenly…

“Hi there!”

Suddenly in front of them is a short girl with pink hair done up in dreadlocks and a curvy body that definitely makes her something of a short stack in Izuku’s eyes. She’s wearing the normal U.A. gym uniform, but also has some gadgets on, with goggles atop her brow, a utility belt around her waist, massive boots on her feet and a jetpack on her back.

Grinning happily, she thrusts out a gloved hand while looking at him with a wild, intense gaze in her eyes. The sort of intensity that he’d only met once before… with Himiko Toga. That said, the pink-haired girl isn’t THAT bad he doesn’t think. She’s definitely got this hungry look in her eye as she stares him down, but she wouldn’t be allowed in U.A. if she were dangerous. Well… at least not if she were truly dangerous. And Izuku had handled Himiko well enough, right?

“I’m Mei Hatsume! Please have my babies!”

Izuku chuckles and reaches out to shake Mei’s hand in greeting… only to freeze up when he realizes what she just said.

His mind had automatically corrected the phrase to a request for her to have HIS babies, but that wasn’t what the Support Course Student had actually asked at all, now was it? No, rather… she’d asked him to have HER babies?

Suddenly Izuku doesn’t feel quite so comfortable being the focus of this girl’s attention. Everyone knew that Support Heroes could pull out all sorts of crazy shit from their asses. He wouldn’t put it past this girl that he didn’t know to somehow have a way to… to do that to a man.

Hoping he’s misheard, Izuku’s smile becomes rather plastic.

“Uh… excuse me?”

Pumping his hand in her own enthusiastically, Mei’s eyes shimmer… as she pulls out a gadget from her belt with the other.

“My babies! Please let me equip you with them so that you can go from being absolutely amazing to EVEN BETTER!”

… Oh. Oh thank god. Her ‘babies’ were her creations. She wasn’t asking him to let her knock him up, she was asking him to use her equipment in battle.

“And if you go out there and kick total ass while using MY babies, then everyone will wonder where you got them and realize I’m just as amazing too! It’s a match made in heaven! So please have my babies!”

As horrifying, disgusting mental images of mpreg rapidly fade from Izuku’s mind, he relaxes and shakes Mei’s hand, chuckling once more.

“Well now… that’s quite the offer.”

“I’d also like to join your team, please! If you’ll have me, t-that is!”

Mei suddenly sounds sheepish and a little uncertain. It takes Izuku a second to realize why. Both Momo and Itsuka are looking at the girl with stone-like faces, assessing her in a way that has Mei laughing nervously and even developing a bead of sweat on her forehead. Her opening lines had caught them off-guard too, but now they were properly scrutinizing every bit of her and she was feeling the heat.

Letting go of her hand at long last, Izuku takes a step back and hums, crossing his arms over his chest in thought. He glances at Momo and Itsuka but they all know that this is his decision at the end of the day. That said, if they don’t pick up Mei here and now, they’re going to have to cut Itsuka loose. In fact, a quick glance around shows that pretty much everyone else has already paired off. So if Izuku says no to Mei, then she and Itsuka will wind up as a duo and he and Momo will also be a duo.

But would that be a bad thing? Him and Momo taking on everyone and still coming out on top… that would be truly legendary. Legendary enough that he’s tempted to go for it. He knows they could easily still win, even without a four man team and despite the fact that he’ll have a ten million point headband. Not to mention he'd probably be doing Itsuka and Mei a favor if they didn't have to share the target currently painted on his back.

… At the same time though, this IS an opportunity to make inroads with a Support Hero. And Mei’s stuff doesn’t look janky or broken down at least…
Chapter 65: The Second Stage
Chapter Text

A/N: The Cavalry Battle!

-x-X-x-

In the end, Izuku can’t bring himself to cut Mei or Itsuka loose. Even if they might have an easier time of things without having his target transferred to their backs, it would still go against everything he’d said earlier in his opening speech. He’d already decided not to make himself everyone’s villain, though by winning the first event and earning a headband worth ten million points he’d certainly made himself everyone’s target.

Could Izuku and Momo dominate the Cavalry Event with just the two of them? Absolutely. Even with Izuku stuck in the rider position thanks to his high-point total, Momo could easily have carried him on her shoulders using her Quirk to summon some support structures. But there was no point in forcing such a scenario when they could have a full four person team instead.

Smiling softly at the hopeful-looking Mei, Izuku nods and thrusts out his hand, his decision made.

“Sure Mei. We’d love to have you on board.”

The pink-haired Support Hero takes Izuku’s hand with a squeal, giving it a solid pump as she shakes it up and down hard for a moment.

“Woohoo! Now let’s get you all outfitted with my babies!”

That’s exactly what happens by the time the Cavalry Event is set to start. Izuku winds up with the Jetpack in case he, as the rider, needs to get out of some truly sticky situations. Meanwhile, Momo and Mei wind up supporting him on their shoulders at the back of their formation, and thus wear one of Mei’s hover soles apiece. Finally, Itsuka is in the front as her Quirk allows her to be both a shield and a battering ram for all of them.

“Alright everyone! Get in your positions! The Cavalry Battle will begin soon!”

Midnight’s voice causes everyone still in the arena to tense up, Izuku included as he finishes putting his ten million point headband around his head. While he knows for a fact that he’s the strongest person in this arena, that doesn’t mean much when surrounded by multiple enemies. This is technically a Free For All where anyone can attack anyone… but since he has ten million points on the line, they can expect everyone to come after him and his teammates first.

“READY?! BEGIN!”

With Midnight’s hand coming down, things abruptly turn to chaos. Izuku trusts his teammates though, and they don’t let him down. The first thing that happens is the ground beneath them turning to Quicksand, but with the hover soles and his jetpack they’re able to blast out of that obstacle and take to the air.

Of course, in turn everyone is coming their way. Katsumi and Shouko have both managed to form their own teams as well, and they’re aiming for Izuku right off the gate. He’s actually quite pleased by that… he wouldn’t want them to be intimidated by the prospect of fighting him, after all. Well, maybe he wouldn’t mind if Katsumi was a little intimidated, given their history.

As a matter of fact, the explosive young woman does seem slightly intimidated… after all, if she wasn’t, she’d be screaming his name right now or calling him Deku. Instead, as her team and Shouko’s team both converge on him and his girls at the same time, Katsumi is quiet but determined, her eyes on the prize.

Of course, it’s not just the two of them either. Everyone wants Izuku’s headband. Everyone is aiming to topple the King from his throne. If he were truly a smart man, Izuku would just take the headband off, toss it to the ground, and watch the hyenas ravage each other over it. Retrieving it before the time ran out for someone of his skill level would be child’s play.

But as tactical as that might be… Izuku Midoriya still had his pride. And his pride dictated that he be in control of the ten million point headband for the entirety of the Cavalry Battle. Sure, he might have decided against an overwhelming victory in the first event, but he didn’t like the idea of letting anyone have him here.

That’s why, even as everyone targets them… Izuku doesn’t let anyone get close. All sorts of Quirk Effects are thrown their way of course, including some truly underhanded tricks that manage to take even his teammates off guard. Both hover soles, for instance, do not last the entire event thanks to Mineta Minoru’s Quirk, with one of his purple sticky balls managing to connect a hover sole to the ground to the point of destruction.

At the same time, after a certain amount of seemingly preternatural dodging on Izuku’s part, tilting his head from side to side where need be, twisting his entire body this way and that as necessary, some of the teams actually peel off of him, recognizing trying to take his or his girls’ headbands as the lost cause it is. Indeed, some teams actually go so far as to prove opportunistic enough to go after headbands from the others that finished so far in the lead.

When Katsumi gets her headband taken by some Class 1-B asshole that Izuku doesn’t have the time to place, things actually start to calm down for Izuku and his team, with her pulling her team off and characteristically raging as she makes them all chase the dude down.

In the end, despite the Free For All nature of the event and the complete chaos all around them, Izuku finds himself facing off against just one team now… Shouko Todoroki’s. The icy young woman has recruited Tenya, Denki, and Ochaco to her team, a strong mixture of movement, offense, and utility to back up her own incredible combination of all three.

A true powerhouse of a team… but Izuku just smiles at them and tilts his head to the side.

“Shouko.”

The young woman stiffens up, narrowing her eyes at his familiarity.

“Midoriya.”

Izuku’s smile grows into a savage grin.

“You know, if you don’t use your full power here, you might not advance. You’re banking a lot on managing to take my headband.”

And it was true. Technically, Shouko and her team might advance anyways simply off the strength of her own headband from finishing second in the Obstacle Race and the headbands of her teammates. No one on their team had lost their headbands yet, after all. And yet, if they lost to him and his team here, then he might take their headbands, lowering them to zero points and leaving them up shit’s creek without a paddle.

Izuku can see the nervousness in Tenya and Ochaco’s faces at that recognition. They don’t necessarily want to be here and wind up knocked out of the tournament completely as a result. Denki is more reserved, seeming almost confident in their ability to triumph. Shouko, meanwhile, is as intense as ever, even as she glances towards the stands… towards her father, before glancing back.

“I will never-!”

Only, Izuku had acted the moment that she glanced over. Distraction could be lethal out in the field… what sort of quasi-mentor to his fellow students would he be if he let Shouko get away with it here on this battlefield? A prearranged signal sees his entire team taking off the moment she glances away, and as they charge forward Shouko’s eyes widen and her team panics a little bit.

“What?! Did you think just because I had the most points tied to my headband I couldn’t be the aggressor, Shouko?!”

Izuku laughs, even as Denki throws out his hand and tries to electrocute all of them. Unfortunately for Denki, Momo comes in clutch there, having produced insulated materials ahead of the event for exactly this moment. Even then, while the effect is lessened, the electricity still makes the rest of his team falter. But that’s fine, because thanks to Momo, Mei’s jetpack is protected from Denki’s Quirk, allowing Izuku to blast off right from his seat and into Team Todoroki’s formation.

Landing among them, Izuku can’t help but give the four wide-eyed faces he’s receiving a wild grin.

“The ten million headband is right here.”

Immediately, Shouko goes for it, while also applying her ice quirk to try to freeze Izuku midair as well as freeze up the rest of his team in their tracks. But Izuku is already leaning heavily on One for All, pushing it just a little past the furthest he’d ever pushed it before. As a result, the very air around him is heating up, evaporating Shouko’s ice before it can even truly form. Maybe if she had water, but with only air to work with, Shouko was handicapped.

Though it was a purely self-made handicapping and they both knew it. If she used the Fire side of her Quirk, it would be much more responsive in this environment, especially with the air already statically charged from Denki’s Quirk. Izuku can see that realization in Shouko’s eyes, even as he reaches out for her headband. He can see the moment she understands that she’s about to lose everything.

The air around them ignites in an instant as Shouko’s fire side activates and Izuku is blown away. Or rather, he lets himself be blown away, a wide grin on his face, as he easily dodges her flames and leaps backwards, landing with his team. While he’s been busy, they haven’t just sat idly frozen either. With Momo’s help, Mei had quickly made a gadget that melted the ice, and Itsuka had used her Quirk to protect them from grasping hands all the while.

His team hadn’t gotten a single headband, but at the same time neither had they lost a single headband either. For a moment after the reset, Izuku and Shouko exchange looks from atop their formations. He can tell that he’s enraged the young woman, making her break her word even before he won their wager. But at the same time, he can tell she’s angrier at herself than anything for this failure.

“Let’s play keep away girls. Anyone who wants to come after us from this point on though… should expect to be knocked out entirely.”

Izuku’s voice is cheerful, even as he directs his formation back from Shouko’s. He’s also loud enough that plenty of teams either fighting or skulking nearby hear what he says, including Team Todoroki of course. Of course, his confident boast doesn’t stop everyone from trying their luck, but it does deter the smart ones… including Shouko’s team.

Though Izuku can’t help but wonder, even as his team takes a few low-point headbands here and there… is Shouko refusing to engage again because she’s worried about being knocked out of the event, or is she worried she’ll instinctively use her Fire again? Either way, the Cavalry Battle eventually comes to a close.

“That’s it everyone! The Second Event of the Sports Festival is over! Only the top four teams will advance to the Final Stage so listen carefully!”

Everyone tenses up at that… though this time, Izuku is all smiles and completely relaxed. After all…

“Having kept their ten million point headband and scored a few more besides, Team Midoriya takes First Place! Coming in a distant second is Team Todoroki! In Third, Team Bakugo! In Fourth, Team Shinso! These will be our Final Stage contestants!”

Interesting. So not only did Shouko’s team manage to keep their headbands and gain some more from others, but also Katsumi had managed to get her headband back from that Class 1-B guy… and knock him out of the Festival in the process. Heh, good for her, Izuku supposed.

But… Team Shinso? Izuku has to look around for a moment for the team in question and when he finally figures out who they are, he has to do a double take. He recognizes Yuga Aoyama and Mashirao Ojiro of course from Class 1-A. He even recognizes Nirengeki Shoda from Class 1-B. But why would they be teamed up with that fourth guy? Hitoshi Shinso… was a General Ed Student.

“Itsuka…”

Blinking, the Class 1-B Representative looks over at him, still thrilled but looking curious at his alarmed tone.

“Hm? Yes, Izuku?”

“You know Nirengeki, right? Over there… is that man Hitoshi his friend or something?”

Itsuka begins to nod at the first part, before looking over and furrowing her brow at the second.

“Yes, I know Shoda quite well in fact… he’s my second in command in Class 1-B. But… no, he’s never mentioned that other guy before. I don’t know how they know each other.”

Hm. Strange. Very strange. Izuku’s eyes remain narrowed, even as Midnight’s voice rings out over the stadium again.

“With the end of the Cavalry Battle and the finalization of the roster for the Final Stage, we’ll be taking a break for lunch and reconvene in a few hours! Everyone enjoy this time to regroup, recharge, and refuel… especially those who will be up here soon enough for the final tournament battles!”

Midnight is nothing if not a show-woman, but curiously enough, it’s what happens afterwards that draws Izuku’s eye. One moment she’s commanding the audience, the next she’s not. Everyone begins moving out of the stands towards the food court and numerous food trucks no doubt, while everyone in the stadium also starts moving off to either wallow in their defeat or prepare for the final stage.

But Midnight… there’s a moment, once all of the attention is off of her, where she meets Izuku’s eyes and makes a great big show of looking him up and down. Her eyes linger on his crotch for perhaps a moment too long, and her tongue trails out to lick her lips. Then, she gives him a wink before turning and leaving the stage with a distinct sway in her step and a swing to her hips.

… If that wasn’t an invitation, Izuku honestly didn’t know what was. But could he really afford the distraction right now?

“Midoriya. I wish to speak with you.”

Ah, and then there was this. Distracted by Midnight, Izuku looks to see Shouko has walked up on them while he wasn’t paying attention. Izuku tilts his head to the side as he considers the young woman. She doesn’t look as enraged as earlier, but she does seem rather intense as she glares him down, as if daring him to refuse. Then again, maybe he SHOULD refuse.

As things stood, he only had a limited amount of time here. And so many things were vying for his attention. Did he go after Midnight? Did he let Shouko drag him off for a talk? Did he go hunting for information on this Black Horse fellow Hitoshi Shinso? Or did he spend the break with his teammates, celebrating their victory?

It was possible he might have time for another of those options afterwards depending on what he chose to do first. It was equally possible that a couple of them might fill up his time all the way to the Final Event. Hm… such tough choices.

He was on top of the world two events into the Sports Festival. Literally nobody could deny that fact. But even still, did he dare risk letting himself get distracted, upping the chance of being toppled right at the finish line?
Chapter 66: Shouko Todoroki
Chapter Text

A/N: Izuku has a talk with Shouko. Things don't go quite as planned.

-x-X-x-

He’s very tempted to blow Shouko off. He has so many good reasons after all! There’s Midnight, for instance… though it’s entirely possible he was reading too much into that wink she gave him. But even if he discarded Midnight as an option, there was still the rest of his team to consider as well! Momo, Itsuka, and Mei had all earned the chance to celebrate with him, had they not?

Finally, there was also the matter of this Shinso Character. Izuku was not used to going in blind when it came to his opponents, and while it was entirely possible he wouldn’t even face Shinso in the final battles, it was equally possible that he would. Looking into what the other man was capable of just made sense if he wanted to continue to stay on top.

… But he HAD made a wager with Shouko before this whole thing began. And now they were well on their way to having the opportunity to have their fight and find out who would defeat the other, once and for all. On top of that, Izuku was well aware that Shouko Todoroki had broken her own rule. She’d used the fire part of her Quirk.

He was under no disillusions about that, of course. He wasn’t expecting her to thank him for finally breaking a mental block or something. No, while she didn’t look as angry as before, she was still glaring at him quite intensely. Still… he probably owed her at least a word or two.

“Very well.”

Looking to his teammates, Izuku smiles at them all.

“Ladies, don’t let me stop you from celebrating our victory. Whether we face each other in the upcoming event or not, I wish you all the best of luck.”

Amusingly enough, it’s Mei who protests, even as Momo and Itsuka both blush and nod.

“What?! But we need to celebrate the successful tests of all my babies! It won’t be the same without you!”

Laughing a little at the pinkette’s exuberance, Izuku waves her off.

“We’ll celebrate later. If not before the final battles, then after the Sports Festival entirely, alright?”

Mei Hatsume pouts at this and he gets the feeling she’s quick to latch onto people. Especially people who don’t get turned off by her excitable over-the-top attitude, he supposes. Still, she lets Momo and Itsuka lead her off in one direction, while Izuku lets Shouko lead him in another direction entirely.

Soon they’re all alone and the taciturn young woman whips around to face him, her eyes narrowing as she crosses her arms over her chest.

“… You made me break my pledge, Midoriya. You made me use that man’s fire.”

Izuku raises an eyebrow at that, able to control his reaction because he’d been half-expecting this from her. But just because he’s in control doesn’t mean he’s going to placate her.

“I didn’t make you do anything, Todoroki. Your actions were your own and if some part of you instinctively realized that you needed to use the full breadth of YOUR Quirk in order to beat me, that’s not my fault.”

His matter of fact tone and unwillingness to back down cause Shouko to tremble. Her teeth grit together, her eyes narrowing even further until they might as well be slits. The scarred young woman looks on the verge of blowing up or even attacking him for a moment before finally reeling herself back in and letting out a huff.

“… I thought you of all people would understand, considering that you’re HIS son.”

For a single moment, Izuku all but freezes time. He wouldn’t say that his heart stops in his chest or anything as overly dramatic as that, but he has the ability to rapidly speed up his perception and Shouko’s words definitely trigger his instinctive use of that ability as he turns her words over in his head again and again.

Surely not, right? There was no way that the young woman knew he was All for One’s son. How would she have even found out? And if she knew, did that mean Endeavor somehow knew? Izuku definitely didn’t like that…

… But no, the longer he thinks about it the more he realizes he’s being stupid. Nothing he’s done should have given away his true parentage. However, plenty that he’s done had likely given Shouko Todoroki the entirely wrong impression. She didn’t think he was his father’s son. She thought he was All Might’s son.

That realization calms Izuku down significantly. She was wrong of course, but not completely off base. Letting his perception slow back down to normal speeds, Izuku chuckles and states her assumption point blank.

“You think I’m All Might’s son?”

Annoyed by his amused tone, Shouko nods sharply.

“It’s the only thing that makes sense. Your Quirks are just too similar. And I’ve seen the way that Nana Shimura looks at you. She was All Might’s mentor, was she not?”

It’s a rhetorical question, one Izuku doesn’t bother answering. Instead, he shrugs and gives Shouko a grin.

“Maybe I’m not All Might’s son. Maybe I’m just some bastard who stole his Quirk from him like a vampiric parasite who drained him dry.”

Heh, closer to the truth then Shouko’s assumption had gotten. And yet, Shouko just scoffs, shaking her head at what she clearly thinks is just a joke on Izuku’s part. Then, she turns more somber.

“… Tell me, Midoriya. What do you know of my circumstances?”

Quite a lot, but Izuku doesn’t want to come across as a stalker. Instead, he gestures to her invitingly.

“Why don’t you tell me what you think I should know?”

Shouko doesn’t hesitate to launch into a rather sordid tale about Quirk Marriages. Despite growing up in a financially stable home with a roof over her head and all the necessities she needed to survive, Shouko Todoroki had not had a particularly easy life. Her father had married her mother specifically because he was looking to create a more powerful Hero. Specifically because he wanted to surpass All Might but realized he never would.

Shouko and her siblings had suffered for this, each in their own way. But Shouko… well, life had been particularly hard for her because she was the ‘success’. She was the one that Endeavor pinned all of his hopes and dreams on. And in doing so… she was the one who earned her mother’s hatred when the poor woman had a psychological break.

Izuku felt for Shouko. Really he did. Being scarred by one’s own mother because one’s own father broke her down over the years, eroding her sense of self bit by bit with his negligence and expectations… it was a lot for someone as young as Shouko had been. At the same time…

“… And so that’s why I refuse to use that man’s flames. I will be a Hero with nothing but my ice, to prove to my mother that it was her Quirk that was always the stronger of their joining, not Endeavor’s. I thought you might understand, seeing as you’ve been quite careful to hide your connections to All Might. You don’t want to live in his shadow either, do you?”

Izuku hums for a moment, trying to decide how to respond to that. In the end, he goes for blunt honesty.

“I won’t live in his shadow. I have no intention of letting those who came before us dictate my actions, Todoroki. Not in the same way you’ve let them dictate yours.”

Shouko stiffens at that, but Izuku bulldozes right over her, continuing on with the same speech he’s been giving her all along.

“Your flames are your own, Shouko. I find it telling that you call it YOUR ice, but Endeavor’s flames. Clearly some part of you understands that your Quirk, Fire and Ice, is YOUR Quirk.”

However…

“That said, I understand wanting to get back at Endeavor. I understand not wanting to dance to his tune. I just think you’re going about it all wrong.”

Shouko looks a little confused by that.

“What do you mean?”

Izuku grins.

“I’m glad you asked. Basically, you’re rebelling against Endeavor right now by only using one half of your Quirk. Yes? This is defiance, plain and simple.”

Shouko hesitates for a moment, but slowly nods. She can’t really deny it after all. It IS defiance. It IS rebellion. And Izuku doesn’t begrudge her it either. It’s just the wrong kind in his opinion.

“The problem isn’t that you’re rebelling, Shouko. The problem is that you’re cutting off your nose to spite your face.”

The old idiom takes Shouko a second to process but once she does she begins to scowl again. Izuku just continues on though.

“I’m serious. You want to get back at Endeavor? Fine. You want to rebel and defy him? Good, frankly. But doing it the way you’re doing it is hurting yourself more than it’s hurting him. Your flames are YOUR flames. You should use them without a care in the world what he thinks… and get back at Endeavor in other ways that don’t harm your personal growth as a Hero. Become the strongest Pro Hero you can be… AND spit in Endeavor’s eye at the same time.”

Now Izuku can tell that he’s finally got her attention. Shouko actually looks to be listening to his words for once, digesting them and turning them over in her head for a few moments. But she still seems uncertain, leaving Izuku to sigh and roll his eyes at her.

“Surely there must be some way you can defy Endeavor without completely rejecting a part of yourself in the process, Shouko.”

She hesitates for a moment more before shifting from foot to foot.

“I… refuse to attend Endeavor’s training sessions. I train on my own instead.”

She sounds almost adorable with how hesitant she is. Not quite seeking Izuku’s approval but tossing out the idea to see what he thinks of it all the same. Of course, part of Izuku wants to point out that refusing training from the Number Two Pro Hero is kind of also shooting herself in the foot… but at the same time, based on what he knows of Shouko and her father’s relationship, any training that Shouko forced herself to go to might do more harm than good anyways.

Besides, he’d take his victories where he could get them.

“That’s a good one. And why can’t you continue doing that while also using your flames? Just because you train alone doesn’t mean you can’t find ways to use Fire and Ice together in battle.”

Shouko ponders this for a moment, but Izuku doesn’t want to give her too much time to stew in her own mind so he snaps his fingers.

“Alright, come on. What else? There has to be other ways to displease Endeavor without stifling your own growth.”

The young woman standing across from him hesitates for a moment and then looks at him with an unreadable expression.

“… Yes. There is.”

Before Izuku can ask her for clarification, Shouko gives it to him… by abruptly surging forward and grabbing the front of his shirt with both hands to pull him into a sudden kiss. Their lips crash together and it’s immediately obvious Shouko doesn’t really know what she’s doing. She’s trying to kiss him, but there’s a lot more to kissing then just ramming two sets of lips together.

Still, after a moment she pulls back, flustered and panting for breath as she looks at him with an interesting spark in her eyes.

“… Well, that’s certainly a choice.”

“Endeavor would never approve. Even if he didn’t know your true parentage, he wouldn’t approve of you. He probably expects me to let him marry me off to someone else for a Quirk Marriage just like he had with my mother, to continue making the strongest possible offspring. But I won’t dance to his tune. I refuse.”

Izuku smiles and nods… before pointing out the obvious.

“You know I’m dating Momo, right?”

Shouko deflates a little, clearly having forgotten or simply not thought about that fact. Of course, Izuku isn’t done.

“I’ve also fucked about half of our class by now. And I’m fucking Momo’s fellow Class Rep, Itsuka Kendo, on the regular as well.”

Jolting, Shouko looks at him with wide eyes, clearly not having expected that blunt honesty. Izuku just shrugs.

“Momo knows of course. She doesn’t care. In fact, she encourages it.”

He thinks to Momo’s sister Yor when he says those words, but he doesn’t plan on telling Shouko about HER… nor about the teachers he’s fucked at this point as well. Best to keep some secrets.

“I’m saying all of this because… well, I wouldn’t mind getting with you, Shouko. But like I said before, you need to find ways of getting back at your father that don’t hurt you in the process. Is leaping into bed with me something you want, or is it something that you’ll regret later?”

Hesitating, the young woman seems to ponder Izuku’s words for a time. Or at least, he thinks she’s pondering them. The next words out of Shouko’s mouth make him think that his last few sentences went in one ear and out the other.

“… A harem… yes, Endeavor would hate it if I joined a harem…”

That wasn’t what Izuku meant at all. And really, it probably would be a harem if Momo got her way, but he wasn’t sure what he’d said to make Shouko think he had one NOW… even if he probably did if one counted those like Rumi and the others, not to mention Nana and Yor… sheesh, when did his life get so complicated?

Still holding him by the front of his shirt, Shouko comes to a decision and grips all the more tightly on him as she looks at him with a somewhat wild glint in her eye.

“Izuku Midoriya. I w-wish to join your harem! Have sex with me, right here and right now!”

… He should have just followed Midnight after all.

But hindsight was twenty-twenty, and with Shouko practically on top of him, there didn’t seem to be any real escape. Well, aside from saying ‘no’. But that felt like it would set Shouko back a fair bit. He was finally making progress with the young woman, managing to turn her away from hurting herself just to spite her father.

If he was going to do this though, it was a question of how. It was undeniably Shouko’s first time, so he should probably be slow and gentle with her-

“Ruin me, Midoriya! Ravage me!”

… Though she might fight him on that if he tried to go that route, apparently. Fuck.

-x-X-x-

Also shameless plug time: Just started a new Free Write and it would mean the world to me if you guys checked it out!

An Iron Resolve (Marvel)(Time Travel)

Summary: Tony Stark travels back in time after the Snap determined to get things right this time. Even if he has to take over the world to make sure everyone actually works together against the threat that Thanos poses. He's not going to let everyone down. Not ever again.
Chapter 67: The Third Stage
Chapter Text

A/N: Izuku gives Shouko exactly what she asked for.

-x-X-x-

Izuku was normally a very methodical, composed, and altogether analytical kind of guy. But they didn’t have all the time in the world, and Shouko Todoroki wasn’t exactly giving him the space to think things through. She wanted him to ruin her? She wanted him to ravage her? Fine. He could do that. He could definitely do that.

First, he starts by letting himself get just a little angry. Snapping a hand up, Izuku grabs a fistful of Shouko’s white and red hair, yanking her head back as he bends her to the point that he’s soon towering over her. Gasping at his strength, she looks up at him with eyes filled with anticipation.

SMACK!

“Eep!”

But even with all that anticipation, she’s still not ready when he rears back his other hand and slaps her across the tits. Her track uniform softens the blow of course, but otherwise Izuku isn’t really holding back. Shouko squeaks, and then yelps when he transitions from smacking her tits to groping them with that hand, all while sneering at her.

“This is what you wanted, right? For me to ruin you?”

For a moment, he thinks he might make her back off. He’s giving her just a taste of what might happen next, so maybe she’ll retreat and change her mind. Unfortunately, that doesn’t take into account Shouko’s absolute hatred for her father. Her resolve firms up after a moment, determination still blazing in her eyes even as she trembles under his unrelenting, rough touch.

“… Y-Yes…”

Izuku just scoffs.

“Can’t believe this is what you wasted my time for.”

Shouko squawks, but he just spins them both around, pushing her face first up against the wall. She struggles a little at first, before feeling his hands on her hips. Once she realizes he’s still going to give her what she wants, she doesn’t fight it, even as Izuku rather ruthlessly yanks her pants and panties both down to her ankles, exposing her ass as he continues to grouse.

“Could have been celebrating with my team from the Cavalry Battle. Could have been investigating the competition for the upcoming tournament fights. Hell, I probably could have had fucking Midnight begging for my dick instead of your scrawny ass.”

“You-!”

SMACK!

“Eep!”

Her trying to talk back was precisely what Izuku had been waiting for. The moment the first word comes from Shouko’s lips, he spanks her bared ass with lightning swiftness, silencing her in a single instant.

“Shut up.”

Freeing his cock from its confines, Izuku grabs Shouko properly by the hips, his thumbs digging into her ass as he lines up with her from behind.

“Last chance, Todoroki. Back out now and you might get to keep your dignity intact.”

His tone is purposefully mocking, so he’s not surprised when she looks back at him with that same determination from before still blazing in her eyes. Izuku isn’t actually expecting to get through to her.

“G-Give it to me!”

That said, the moment’s pause DOES get through to him a little bit. He hesitates just for a second before realizing he’s in too deep to back out now. He can’t stop here. However… he’d been about to fuck Shouko raw, fast, and hard without any care in the world for the young woman’s pleasure. That wasn’t right. And it wouldn’t serve his plans going forward to have her resent him for such a painful first time either.

Huffing, Izuku sucks in a deep breath… and then lets it out. His thumbs pushing against her flesh circle clockwise and then counterclockwise. THEN he slams forward into Shouko from behind, spitting her upon his cock and filling her with every last inch of his member as he takes her virginity.

“Ah!”

And yet, while there’s a small gasp of pain from losing her hymen, Shouko Todoroki shudders a moment later as Izuku does the smart thing and uses the same Quirks he’d used on several other women to make this the most pleasurable experience of Shouko’s life.

He doesn’t hold back, of course. Not even a little bit. Nor does he even give Shouko time to recover or adjust. The moment he feels his hips pressing against her ass, he pulls back and does it again… and again… and again. Fast and hard, right off the bat, just like she’d demanded from him. Ruining her. Ravaging her. But then, it was all about ruining and ravaging her in the right way, wasn’t it?

Izuku could have hurt Shouko. He could have made her first time so terrible that she swore off of sex altogether. Hence, ruined. Or… he could make her first time so pleasurable that it ruined her in a completely different sort of way.

PLAP! PLAP! PLAP!

“Oh fuck… f-fucking… guh!”

Izuku smirks as Shouko curses under her breath, tossing her head backwards and arching her spine. She shudders and quivers beneath him. His hands move on autopilot, directed by his Quirks, and slide up from her hips and ass to around to her front. Pulling open her jacket, yanking up her top, yanking down her bra… and suddenly Izuku has direct access to Shouko’s tits.

She cries out and orgasms upon his cock when Izuku grabs hold of her nipples and gives them a ruthless pinch and tug right at the same time that he’s driving into her depths from behind. He’s not too worried about Shouko giving them away, however. He’s using other Quirks to keep an eye on their surroundings, making sure that the lewd sounds exploding from her lips don’t manage to reach anyone’s ears and force them to come investigate.

Although, just as he’s thinking that Izuku does feel someone coming into range, coming their way. He almost stops fucking Shouko… before he realizes just WHO it is. As Katsumi Bakugou sneaks up on them and begins to peep on the two of them going at it, Izuku pays his former bully no mind. The young woman is silent as she watches him fuck Shouko from her hiding place, just like she watched him fuck her mom from the closet.

Smirking slightly, Izuku continues to visit untold amounts of pleasure on Shouko while also mauling her tits, savaging her breasts, and plowing her cunt harder and faster than any virgin should have ever had to take it.

He’s not gentle about any of it, but it doesn’t matter because Shouko loves it all anyways. Of course she does, Izuku knows exactly how to make her body sing for him and with her body succumbing, her lips soon follow.

“Y-Yes! H-HARDER! I want m-more!”

She’s not even talking about her father anymore. Nor about being ruined or ravaged so that Endeavor would be mad. No, Izuku can tell that she’s thinking entirely about how good it feels to have his big fat cock ravishing her insides while his hands play with her body. She’s too distracted by the multitude of orgasms he’s forced upon her to even remember why they’re doing this at this point. It’s all about the pleasure for her now.

Which is why this is as good a place as any to bring things to a close. Pulling out of Shouko at the last second, Izuku grabs hold of her hair again and viciously yanks her away from the wall, spinning her back around and pushing her to her knees almost contemptuously. It happens so fast that Shouko barely has time to react, her eyes and mouth opening as she looks up at him… just in time to receive a thick load of cum right to the face.

She has the presence of mind to flinch away of course, but with her back against the wall that he’d just been fucking her against, there’s nowhere for Shouko to go as he gives her a creamy, hot facial all over her face and tits. Izuku can feel Katsumi touching herself to the sight from her hiding place, even as Shouko gasps and shudders, reaching up to wipe his cum out of her eyes and look down at her ruined visage.

“That ruined enough for you, Todoroki?”

It takes her a moment to remember this is precisely what she asked for. Blushing a little through the white across her features, Shouko bites her lower lip… which in turn results in her getting her first taste of his delicious cum. Her tongue darts out almost unconsciously to lick her lips clean and she looks almost ready to go to town on herself before remembering that he’s still waiting for an answer.

“… Y-Yes. Yes, this is… sufficient, Midoriya.”

Izuku just snorts and lets go of her hair, stepping back and tucking his cock away.

“Good, because this is it.”

That gets Shouko’s attention, right as she’d scooped some of his cum up and was bringing it up to her lips for another taste. She looks up at him, confused.

“What… w-what do you mean that’s it?”

Izuku just scoffs, gesturing between them.

“This? This isn’t happening again, Shouko. Not unless you earn it.”

That fully gets her attention, her eyes now narrowed as she looks at him with blazing intensity.

“Earn it.”

Smirking, Izuku shrugs.

“You seem to be under a simple misconception… that I want to make my ‘harem’ bigger and bigger, adding anyone I can get my hands on to it. This isn’t the case. If I’m going to even have a harem, it needs to be filled with the strongest, most capable women.”

Shouko bristles and rises to her feet at that, her hands clenching into fists at her sides as she grits her teeth. The fact that her tits are out and her pants are still around her ankles ruins the effect somewhat, along with all the cum on her face and chest, but she still glares at him heatedly.

“I’m more than strong and capable enough, Midoriya!”

Izuku shakes his head, crossing his arms over his chest.

“Prove it. Fight with your full strength in the upcoming battles. Don’t hold back a single iota of your power. And when we face each other in the finals… win. Beat me. Only then will I consider you worthy of my harem.”

Shouko looks stunned by his ultimatum. And Izuku realizes as they both stand there a bit awkwardly that he’s said all that needs to be said. It’s done. What Shouko does next… is up to her. Giving the cum-covered freshly fucked young woman a single sharp nod, Izuku spins on his heel and leaves her to clean herself up.

He doesn’t even hesitate to meet Katsumi’s eyes as he passes by her hiding place though. The blonde freezes under his gaze, with Izuku looking at her for just a moment before scoffing almost inaudibly but still loud enough for her to hear. Then, he continues on his way.

-x-X-x-

Because of how swiftly he’d decided to handle Shouko, Izuku had a modicum of time left before the final event of the Sports Festival began. One might have expected him to use it to calm his nerves or just relax… and perhaps in a way he was.

Hidden away from sight, Izuku leans back against a wall and looks down to see Nana Shimura sucking his dick. As she bobs up and down on his cock, her hands press against the wall on either side of his legs. With a hand atop her head petting her hair not but forcibly guiding her, Izuku lets out a low sigh.

“… What can you tell me about Shinso Hitoshi, Nana?”

In the end, she was his best source of information when it came to anything at the school. Would Izuku have liked to have gone to Midnight, fucked her silly, and earned information about Shinso from the R-Rated Hero with his big fat cock? Sure, but he’d lost that opportunity when he’d decided to entertain Shouko’s foolishness. Ah well, it was what it was.

Pulling back off of his cock, Nana frowns, though not just because sucking his cock is her favorite thing to do.

“… I’m afraid I do not know much about the students in the General Education Course. I do know that Shinso Hitoshi sent in applications for both the Hero Course and the General Ed Department. The Principal commented on this while we were all observing the Hero Entrance Exam… which Hitoshi of course failed entirely. It would seem his Quirk is not something that is very useful in battle.”

Izuku hums at that, nodding as he assimilates that information. Either that or Shinso’s Quirk was something that couldn’t be used against robots. And while it wasn’t as all-encompassing as Izuku might have wanted, it did give him some information. The young man hadn’t expected to make it into the Hero Course, so he’d implemented a back up plan. That spoke of a tactical mind. It also spoke of a different sort of determination, the kind where someone was so determined to succeed at something that they had a second option in case they failed.

For many, failing to get into the UA Hero Course would be the end for them. Or they would just try to get into the Hero Course at a less prestigious High School. But not Shinso Hitoshi. He’d been ready for the long haul… and now, whatever his Quirk was capable of, it let him successfully make it to the Final Stage of the Sports Festival. No small success.

Nodding to himself, Izuku smiles down at Nana as he runs his hand through her hair.

“Thank you for the information, Nana.”

He could have gotten more if he’d focused on finding out all he could about Shinso… but alas, hindsight was twenty-twenty.

-x-X-x-

“The first matchup will be Izuku Midoriya of Class 1-A against Shinso Hitoshi of General Education!”

It was almost like the universe was laughing at him for his decision making. Still, there was nothing to be done in the end.

Though, the mystery surrounding Shinso Hitoshi had only gotten weirder. Two out of three of the man’s teammates from the Cavalry Battle, specifically Shoda Nirengeki and Ojiro Mashirao, have resigned from the Final Battles. Only Aoyama is staying in at this point. Izuku doesn’t really know what to think about that, except Mashirao then even went out of his way to stop Izuku from talking to Shinso when the other man came to challenge him.

Mashirao’s words had been appropriately ominous too…

“You’re better off not responding to his provocations, Midoriya. Trust me.”

There’d been an emphasis in his words that had Izuku curious. Even as he takes the stage against Shinso, he finds himself wondering what the other man’s Quirk really is.

Meanwhile, standing there across from him, Shinso has his hands in his pockets as he gives Midoriya a disinterested stare.

“So you’re 1-A’s Golden Boy, eh? Don’t really look like much.”

That almost brings a snort to Izuku’s lips. Didn’t he? He had completely obliterated the competition so far in this Tournament. Whether Shinso had a trick up his sleeve or not, Izuku wasn’t worried. Still, that warning from Mashirao continues to echo through his head.

Hm… how best to play this…
Chapter 68: The Third Stage Pt. 2
Chapter Text

A/N: Battles take place~

-x-X-x-

In the end, Izuku doesn’t rise to Shinso’s bait. He takes Mashirao’s advice to heart, even as his opponent’s eyes narrow in response to his silence.

“… Tch. So the coward tattled on me, did he? I gave that idiot a free ride to the finals and not only does he drop out, he spills the beans. Some hero.”

The purple-haired Gen Ed Student sounds disgusted, even as he sneers. Izuku judges his words as a mixture of his true feelings and another attempt to get Izuku to speak. He’s trying to play on any camaraderie that Izuku might have with Mashirao, but frankly, Izuku isn’t that easy.

“Ready?! Begin!”

As Midnight calls for the start of the fight, Izuku begins stalking forward. His opponent stiffens, eyes widening ever so slightly in fear and jaw clenching in anger. By this point, Izuku is getting a pretty good idea of what sort of Quirk his enemy must have. Context clues alone make it rather obvious though to be fair.

First, Hitoshi Shinso had made a team of random people from Class 1-A and Class 1-B. He obviously wasn’t friends with them before UA or anything like that, because they all acted like they were violated after the fact, and two of the three of them had dropped out rather than final in the Battle Tournament.

Mind Control, had to be. Whatever Shinso’s Quirk was, it operated on some form of Mind Control. Judging by the fact that he hadn’t tried to mind control Izuku yet, and was growing increasingly desperate to provoke Izuku into responding… there was some sort of necessary verbal component on the victim’s end.

Like Mashirao had said, all Izuku had to do was not respond.

As he gets closer, he begins to reach for Shinso, intending to toss him relatively gently out of bounds and win the match. Only, just before he can do so, Shinso’s eyes dart to the side in a panic, only for a strange look to spread across his face as he looks back at Izuku with unearned confidence.

“After I beat you here, maybe I’ll have some fun with those lady friends of yours. I bet they’d enjoy celebrating with a real man.”

Well now. Clinically, Izuku could acknowledge that it was a half-decent attempt. Shinso had picked up on Izuku’s all-female squad and had deduced that Momo, Itsuka, and even Mei were a weakness that he could potentially exploit. Unfortunately for the Gen Ed Student, Izuku was always in control.

WHAM!

Admittedly, he might have responded a bit emotionally in the end though. Rather than pick Shinso up and lightly toss the other man out of bounds, Izuku’s fist finds its way to the Gen Ed Student’s face. Nothing too hard. He doesn’t even break Shinso’s jaw, though he’s mightily tempted to. But he does hit his opponent hard enough that Shinso goes flying straight out of bounds, landing on his back and giving Izuku the win.

As a hush falls over the crowd at a seemingly anti-climactic first round and Midnight calls the match as Izuku’s victory, Izuku looks down at his opponent with a glare. He might have offered the other man his hand before what he’d just said, but instead he just offers him some words of advice.

“If I catch you using your Quirk on any girl like that, I’ll fucking kill you myself.”

His words aren’t loud enough to be picked up by any of the stadium microphones. And neither are Shinso’s.

“Forfeit your next match.”

Izuku stiffens as he feels the sensation of a foreign Quirk trying to take control of him. He supposed talking at the end of the match was a form of cockiness in and of itself, but truth be told he hadn’t expected his opponent to be that scummy. Shinso’s Command washes over him and it immediately becomes obvious how his Quirk works. He needs his target to respond to him in some way first and from there he’s able to worm his way inside and make them do whatever he wants.

It allowed him to win the Cavalry Battle, but it didn’t let him go any further than the first round of the Battle Tournament, because in using his Quirk to manipulate a proud young man like Mashirao, all Shinso had done was reveal his hand too soon.

Now though… Izuku slowly turns back around to face his downed opponent, seeing the triumph in the hateful young man’s eyes. He can practically hear Hitoshi Shinso’s thoughts. If he can’t win, then Izuku isn’t allowed to win either.

For a moment, Izuku is almost tempted to let it all play out. To go into his next match with this compulsion to forfeit. Once he did so, he would be able to rightfully call Shinso out for forcing him to do it… and of course, even if your average student didn’t know what Hitoshi Shinso’s Quirk was, UA had to know. The faculty had to know.

The scandal would likely ruin Shinso’s life and see him thrown out of UA and onto the streets in a heartbeat. Nothing quite so villainously inclined as ordering someone else to throw a match after you lost to them, after all.

But… no. Almost contemptuously, Izuku breaks the compulsion. He doesn’t even have to really hurt himself to do it, though he judges that that would also have worked. Instead, all he has to do is cycle some of his Quirks and mentally snap the order in half over his metaphorical knee. Glaring down at Shinso as the small hint of victory rapidly fades from the Gen Ed Student’s eyes, Izuku just says one word.

“No.”

Then, he turns and walks away. Let Shinso wallow in his own insecurities and inadequacies. Izuku had no doubt that a Quirk like his was being watched closely. If the other young man used his mind control in the way he’d suggested he might during their match, then the UA Faculty would come down on him like a pile of bricks. And if they failed to keep him in check… Izuku himself would swoop in if need be.

For now, he leaves the stadium as the next match is called. The first round of the Battle Tournament continues apace, with Izuku honestly not paying that much attention to most of it. Shouko still primarily uses her ice in battle, specifically to freeze Hanta Sero so completely that the match is called in the former’s favor. However, she does use her fire to thaw Hanta out afterwards, which Izuku considers to be a step in the right direction if nothing else.

Meanwhile, Mei uses her match against Ida to advertise all of her support gear, effectively turning a battle into a publicity stunt and an infomercial all in one. After she’s finished showing off her gear, the Support Hero walks out of bounds of her own accord, leaving a disgruntled Tenya Ida in her wake.

And finally, Momo and Itsuka both win their own matches quite handily, taking down Mina Ashido and Ibara Shiozaki, a replacement for Mashirao after his resignation, respectively. Izuku was happy for them of course, and pleased to see they’d both been taking things so seriously… but it did mean he was more likely to face one of them then ever before when the second round came along.

Of course, Katsumi also won her match. This left the second round of the Battle Tournament surprisingly equal in terms of gender equality. On the one side, you had Momo, Itsuka, Shouko, and Katsumi all pulling through for women everywhere. On the other side, you had Izuku and Tenya alongside Eijiro Kirishima and Yuga Aoyama.

Apparently the faculty liked the symmetry as well, because the second round wound up being entirely Men versus Women.

“First match will be Izuku Midoriya versus Shouko Todoroki.”

How… disappointing. It made sense, of course. They had been the first two matches of the first round, so in the end they were destined to face one another first in the second round as well. Izuku just wished they’d mixed things up a little bit, maybe shuffled them all around.

But of course, he recognized that his desire was a purely selfish one. Maybe it was silly of him to want to face Shouko or Katsumi in the semi-finals, and the other of them in the finals. It would make for the best story after all and be the most poetic. Instead, while there was definitely a chance Izuku would face Katsumi in the finals if she kept winning… it seemed that this was where Shouko’s journey ended.

As the two of them face off, he can see determination warring with resignation in Shouko’s eyes. Grinning slightly, Izuku doesn’t bother with the silent treatment this time. After all, Shouko doesn’t have a mind control Quirk to ensnare him with.

“It’s a little unfair that this is where your run ends, Shouko. But the difference between us is still too great.”

Shouko’s glare intensifies at that, her teeth grinding as she clenches her hands into fists at her sides.

“… I know.”

Of course she does. She’d said it herself back before the Tournament even began. He was the one to beat. The undisputed top dog of Class 1-A. And like Izuku had told her time and time again, until she stopped holding herself back, she would never surpass him.

“That’s why… I’m going to go all out.”

“Match… BEGIN!”

She times it perfectly, the little minx. Izuku is actually pretty impressed with how Shouko waits until right as Midnight is drawing in a breath to speak before delivering that bombshell. Then, as soon as the word ‘begin’ leaves Midnight’s lips, Shouko shoots forward… on flames that explode out of her palms and heels, a combination of skills that both Tenya Ida and Katsumi Bakugou have shown off, but tweaked to work with Shouko’s own Fire and Ice Quirk.

At the same time that she’s exploding forward at speeds faster than Izuku has ever seen her move before, the air around Shouko goes below freezing, ice immediately beginning to form on every surface around her… specifically the ground. As ice races across the arena alongside Shouko, Izuku grins… and leaps into the air, coming down to meet her charge with one of his own.

What follows is one of the best fights that he’s ever had. Shouko isn’t just powerful, she’s technically skilled as well. She might not like her father, in fact she hated him from what Izuku knew, but there was simply no denying the results of however much training she’d allowed the man to put her through. She’s a very talented, very skilled fighter, and she’ll make an excellent Pro Hero as well at some point in the future.

Izuku actually has to lean on more than just One for All to keep up with her, because Shouko is apparently a master at fighting opponents who out-speed her. Makes sense if her only sparring partner for most of her life has been the Number Two Pro Hero. Endeavor doesn’t seem like the kind of man known for pulling his punches either, even for family.

And yet… it’s not enough. He thinks Shouko knows it too. She’s not pulling her punches or holding back even a little bit, but he can see it in her stance all the same. The resignation. Its unfortunate, given the ultimatum he’d given her. If she wanted to join his harem, she had to beat him in the finals. Obviously, that last part wasn’t possible in the end due to circumstances outside of their control, but if she couldn’t beat him here, then she had no hope of joining his harem like she’d claimed to want to.

But how much of Shouko actually even wanted that, really? And how much just wanted to stick it to her father in someway instead? Izuku supposed they would find out in due time, because he was done holding back.

Fact was, as much as using the full strength of her Quirk made her far tougher, she was still relatively inexperienced with the fire side of her Quirk due to her refusal to train with it. It would take time and more training, preferably with someone besides her father, before Shouko Todoroki could hope to reach her full potential.

In the end, Izuku bulldozes through her attacks and kicks Shouko in the chest. She tries to arrest her momentum, but while she probably can learn to fly, she can’t do it quite yet. In the end, she winds up on her back outside of the ring, having lost the battle by ring-out.

“Izuku Midoriya is the victor and advances to the Semi-Finals!”

Unlike with Shinso, Izuku walks right over to Shouko and offers her his hand. She seems startled by this, and he thinks he even sees the beginning of tears in the corners of her eyes, though she quickly swipes them away and composes herself before letting him draw her to her feet.

“Good fight. It was nice seeing you going all out. I hope with this, you’ll reach your full potential.”

Shouko flushes but then nods, even as they leave the arena so the next battle can commence. However, just as they’re getting out of sight of the crowds and into one of the stadium hallways, they’re confronted… by none other than Endeavor himself.

Izuku narrows his eyes as Endeavor stops in front of them, crossing his arms over his chest. The Number Two Pro Hero’s gaze darts up and down Izuku’s form for a moment, but ultimately settles on his daughter. And likely much to Shouko’s shock, Endeavor actually cracks a smile, his hard exterior turning warm as he nods to his daughter.

“You’ve impressed me, daughter. You might have lost, but seeing you use your flames… you have the potential to surpass me in every way. One day soon, I will be the Number One Pro Hero. And a long time after that, you will be the one to finally take my place. Once you graduate from UA, I’ll be proud to take you on as my sidekick!”

Izuku supposes he’s meant to be upset that Endeavor is ignoring him and his potential. But he’s more amused than anything, really. The man is a strange juxtaposition of an egotist and a walking bundle of insecurities and low self-esteem.

But Izuku stays quiet, letting Shouko answer for herself. The young woman grits her teeth and shakes her head.

“Nothing has changed. I didn’t use my Fire because of you. In fact, I used it in spite of you! Because it’s MY Fire, not yours!”

Endeavor looks slightly startled for a moment… before his eyes finally move back to Izuku. Realization seems to pass through the Number Two Pro Hero and after a moment he opens his mouth to speak.
Chapter 69: Unexpected Approval
Chapter Text

A/N: In which Izuku feels like he enters the Twilight Zone.

-x-X-x-

“Wonderful!”

Wait, what? Izuku can’t help but be a little taken aback when Endeavor’s smile actually grows instead of vanishing. Of course, if Izuku is taken aback, then Shouko is outright flabbergasted.

“E-Excuse me?!”

The Number Two Pro Hero isn’t quite managing a shining grin as big as All Might’s at the moment, but it’s definitely way more toothy then it needs to be as he reaches out and puts a hand on his daughter’s shoulder. Then, he nods to Izuku approvingly.

“It is good to see you following in my footsteps, Shouko. One day you will surpass me, but that is no reason not to also look towards the future as well. Indeed, the journey to the top for our family need not end with you… not when you could potentially birth an even greater hero from the loins of this young man.”

Oh wow. Endeavor had gone there. Gross. And also… really fucked up. Izuku knew what sort of man the Number Two Pro Hero was. He knew that Endeavor had been way too hard on all of his children, not just Shouko. And he knew the man had all but driven his wife insane. Now here Endeavor was, being the proud parent for once in his life… but obviously it was too little, too late for that.

Shouko, finally understanding things properly, hits her father’s hand off of her shoulder. For a moment she shakes in a combination of disgust and revulsion. Then, she snarls in anger, her hands curled into fists at her side.

“I will never have a child with anyone. I’ll get sterilized before I continue your sick traditions!”

Endeavor’s smile finally vanishes, his brow furrowing as the Pro Hero begins to shake his head.

“Daughter, you-!”

But Shouko whips around on her heel and races away, fleeing the confrontation as fast as she possibly can. Leaving Izuku standing there with Endeavor, the father of the young woman that he’d painted white with his cum earlier that day. For a long moment, the Pro Hero looks after Shouko’s fleeing form. Then, he turns to Izuku and the atmosphere changes for lack of a better word.

“Izuku Midoriya.”

Stiffening a little bit, Izuku’s eyes narrow. For a second, he wonders if the man just did all of that to drive Shouko as far away from him as possible. What if it was all a ruse designed to make his daughter run for the hills? It would certainly make sense, given Shouko’s propensity for doing anything and everything that her father DIDN’T want her to do, and refusing to do the things he DID want her to do.

“Endeavor.”

Izuku gets ready for the other shoe to drop. Now that Shouko was gone, Endeavor could go mask off and tell Izuku to stay away from his daughter with no one being any the wiser. He could threaten him even. Izuku isn’t scared, of course. No matter how strong Endeavor is all it takes is one touch to take his Quirk from him.

Still, what’s he going to do if Endeavor does tell him to stay away from Shouko? How is he supposed to-

The man suddenly places a hand on his shoulder, looking surprisingly solemn.

“I was not the best husband to my wife. Nor the best father to my children. Despite what people might believe, I am not wholly ignorant to my own flaws. As a failure of a man, allow me to give you some advice… do not lose sight of what is important. Treat my daughter well, please.”

Seriously? Even now, even solemn and intense, Endeavor was still on this?! He claimed to not be ignorant of his own flaws, but…

“You realize you probably drove her away from me with your support, right?”

Far from being surprised by this, Endeavor just snorts and shakes his head.

“The heart wants what the heart wants, Midoriya. Notice she merely said she would never bear a child… not that she would forego sex and practice celibacy. Shouko has been isolated much of her life, both because of my actions and because of her own strength. Now that she’s at UA though… she has finally met her match in you. My endorsement will not drive her away as completely as you think. No, women are stranger than that. I should know, really.”

This was all too much. What was with this change in Endeavor’s personality? Was he an imposter? Had he been possessed or something? Something of Izuku’s complete bafflement must have leaked through his usual poker face, because the Number Two Pro Hero suddenly chuckles as he steps back.

“Ah, you don’t know yet. I’m aware All Might is your mentor… I assumed he would have mentioned it to you. In two weeks, once the hubbub surrounding the Sports Festival has died down… I’ll be announced as the new Number One Pro Hero at the same time that All Might will be retiring.”

Wait, what?! No, All Might hadn’t mentioned this… even if it should have been exceedingly obvious that this was coming. And it was obvious, but Endeavor was the last man Izuku expected to be hearing about it from. As well, he was the last man Izuku expected to be receiving such a pitying gaze from.

“I… haven’t seen or spoken to All Might directly, but it was revealed to me that he was stepping down because of an old injury. An injury he’s been living with all this time and continuing to fight with even though it no doubt ate up his life span much faster.”

Endeavor looks to the side, contemplative. Izuku is shocked to see the man seemingly capable of introspection.

“I am not being given the position of Number One because I defeated my rival, but in spite of never defeating my rival. I suppose that gave me a lot to think about. I’m not Number One yet, but I’ve had to wrestle with the reality all the same these last few days. And in the end, I’ve realized… I was a fool chasing a childish dream at the expense of everyone else.”

Ridiculous… truly ridiculous. And yet, Izuku doesn’t sense a single ounce of deceit in Endeavor. Nor are any of his Extrasensory Quirks detecting an imposter or possession. This is the real deal. This is Endeavor after he’s found out that he’s achieving his greatest dream but not in the way he’d wanted.

Looking back to Izuku, Endeavor gives him one last nod.

“You and Shouko might wind up vying for the position, just like All Might and I did all these years. Or rather, I vied for it while All Might simply inhabited it, naturally better than me that he was. I just… I just hope my daughter doesn’t lose sight of what really matters, like I did.”

And then, just like that, Endeavor turns and walks away, leaving Izuku alone in the corridor, mouth agape.

What the fuck just happened?!

-x-X-x-

Izuku wished he could say he paid attention to the Tournament’s next couple of rounds. He definitely should have, seeing as all of the fights involved people he actively cared about. Funnily enough, the organizers pushed for the Men vs. Women rhetoric to continue… and to the surprise of likely many, every woman aside from Shouko won their Quarter-Final Match.

This meant that the Semi-Finals wound up being Izuku versus Itsuka and Momo versus Katsumi. Even then, Izuku is still reeling from the conversation with Endeavor. He wins against Itsuka rather handily, though he’s sure she still gives it her all. But she’s definitely blushing after he defeats her, driving her to her knees with overwhelming strength and forcing her submission by forfeit rather than ring out.

He’d feel a little bad about that, but she can tell that losing to him in that way turned her on, so he figures it’s probably okay. He’ll fuck her again soon enough, after all. Momo will probably make sure of it.

Speaking of Momo… she loses. Izuku feels a little bit bad about it, because she clearly gives it her all. She’s fought her heart out this entire competition and showed not just versatility and ingenious use of her Quirk, but also a physical strength and speed that has surprised many of her opponents and the crowds themselves.

But Katsumi seems driven in a way that surprises Izuku. And she’s always been a fighter, training to use her Quirk in combat from a very early age… mostly on him, as it so happened. It’s not fair to say that Momo doesn’t stand a chance, because she DOES put up a good fight, but in the end, Katsumi Bakugou comes out on top and Izuku finds himself facing her in the Finals.

Unfortunate, really. Not because he wanted to necessarily fight Momo or anything like that, but because his whole deal with Katsumi is invalid now. The plan was for Katsumi and Shouko to have a chance to face one another before this point, to fight it out and see who would come out on top. But… that hadn’t happened. At least, it hadn’t happened in the way Izuku had been envisioning.

In the first event, Shouko had beaten Katsumi. That was mostly because of Izuku’s last bit of sabotage, where he’d blown Katsumi back through the Minefield before taking First Place. She’d still managed Third even with his actions, but she hadn’t been able to overtake Shouko again with such a setback.

On the other hand, thanks to Izuku maintaining his headband in the second event, Katsumi had beaten Shouko. Team Katsumi had wound up in second place with the second largest amount of points, while Team Shouko had wound up in third place, barely beating out Team Shinso.

This final tournament would have been the perfect tiebreaker, but it just hadn’t happened. Shouko and Katsumi had wound up in opposite brackets and Izuku had beaten Shouko before Katsumi could get the opportunity to settle a score that the other woman didn’t even know existed. Technically, one could argue that Katsumi had ‘won’ just by outlasting Shouko and making it to the finals… but they all knew the only reason that was the case was because she hadn’t had to go up against Izuku as early as Shouko did.

All of this is to say, it’s not very surprising to Izuku when Katsumi approaches him during the break between rounds, finding him for a private talk before their final match can commence.

“M-Midoriya…”

Looking at the spiky-haired blonde, Izuku tilts his head to the side and smirks slightly.

“Katsumi. What is it?”

Trembling under his gaze even now, Katsumi bites her lower lip for a moment before squirming.

“Does it count?”

He knows exactly what she’s talking about, of course. He’s just been contemplating it, after all. Raising an eyebrow, Izuku just shrugs.

“Should it count?”

Katsumi scowls a little bit, her hands clenching into fists at her sides… and then unclenching a moment later. Curious.

“I just thought… maybe… I didn’t get a chance to face Shouko. But I beat everyone else, didn’t I? I even beat your girlfriend. I defeated Yaoyorozu so…”

She trails off, as though she doesn’t quite know how to argue her case. Izuku peers at her now, curious.

“So… what? What exactly do you want from me, Katsumi? You’ve already avoided the punishment if that was your concern. I’m not going to breed you silly, knock you up, and force you to drop out of UA, I promise.”

Katsumi’s red face goes even redder at that, her mouth opening and then closing as she thinks better of whatever she was going to say. Funny that… a Katsumi Bakugou who knew better than to run her mouth forever and ever. And all Izuku had to do to get there was plow her slutty mother silly right in front of her.

“I-I want the one-on-one training you p-promised.”

Izuku pauses, his brow furrowing.

“Seriously?”

Katsumi doesn’t back down though. She just clenches her jaw and nods. Peering at her, Izuku tries to figure out her ulterior motive. There’s the obvious one of course… she wants to get fucked again, masochist that she is. But at the same time…

“You realize every time we wind up alone together, I just end up sexually humiliating you, right? Is that really what you want, Katsumi?”

Scowling a little bit, Katsumi averts her gaze, likely to try and mask the lie that comes out of her mouth.

“N-No.”

She sounds so unconvincing it’s not even funny… alright, it’s a little funny. But Izuku isn’t laughing, even as she finds her determination again a moment later.

“I want… I want to get stronger. I want to be as strong as you. I want you to actually train me.”

And then she does something really wild and almost certainly inadvisable.

“L-Let’s make a new deal!”

Izuku raises an eyebrow at that, while Katsumi finally looks him in the eye, her own gaze blazing.

“We’ll fight… and I know I’ll lose again. But I’ll give it my all! I’ll fight you with everything I have. At the end… at the end, you decide whether I deserve that one-on-one training… or to be knocked up and forced to dropout to raise your child. Whichever decision you make, I’ll abide by.”

That was… stupid. Really stupid. She was essentially giving herself no way out. At least in their original deal, Izuku had offered Katsumi a path to salvation. All she’d had to do was beat Shouko in the Sports Festival. Now though, she was putting it all on him. He would get to decide if she was ‘good enough’ in this upcoming fight. He would get to decide her future, purely on his own whim.

Obviously, Katsumi wasn’t an idiot. She knew what she was offering and she just didn’t care because deep down, she wouldn’t truly mind either path, would she? Tch, fucking defeat fetishists and their kinks.

At the same time, if Izuku agreed… he wasn’t even sure what he would pick to be honest. He knew she’d put up a decent fight, he didn’t need to actually see their battle to know how it would play out. But at the same time, would he knock her up at the end of it, or say she’d earned the training?

… Man, when did Katsumi go from being his childhood bully to being… this? Probably around the time that Izuku plowed her mother silly in front of her, if he really thinks about it. Of course, there was also the fact that Katsumi was only his childhood bully because Izuku let her be, because it helped him and his father’s plans.

Letting out a sigh, Izuku makes his decision and opens his mouth to tell Katsumi what they’re going to do next.
Chapter 70: Midnight
Chapter Text

A/N: The Sports Festival ends but there's someone who's not done with Izuku quite yet~

-x-X-x-

“… There’s no need for that. You’ve already earned the one-on-one training, Katsumi.”

God, he was getting soft wasn’t he? That was really the only explanation for this. He was going soft, even with Katsumi Bakugou of all people.

Speaking of which… the explosive blonde blinks stupidly for a second before scowling.

“What?! But that doesn’t even make sense!”

Izuku raises an eyebrow.

“Doesn’t it? You’ve made it further than Shouko did. Sure, you didn’t necessarily beat her outright in a match, but that’s not your fault. You still beat her as far as the overall Sports Festival is concerned by making it to the Finals.”

“O-Only because I didn’t have to face you so early like she did!”

Sighing, Izuku rubs a hand over his face. Why was Katsumi so insistent on arguing against herself?

“You said it yourself. This new deal you want to make leaves the decision completely in my hands, right? Well consider the decision made. I’ll give you some one-on-one training after the Sports Festival is finally over.”

“But I-urk!”

His patience finally snapping, Izuku’s hand closes around Katsumi’s throat. He doesn’t grip down too harshly, but he does grip down hard enough to block her words as she chokes a little bit.

“Man, you really want me to knock you up, huh?”

Katsumi’s eyes are wide and she trembles in his grasp… but not entirely out of fear. There’s a fair amount of arousal there as well. Izuku snorts derisively. In the end… this was kind of his fault, wasn’t it?

“I’m not going to impregnate you any time soon, Katsumi. What I said before… that was just a joke. If you want me to knock you up, you’re going to have to earn it by not only excelling here in UA, but also by being the best Pro Hero you can be once we graduate. Got it?”

The blonde jerkily nods to him, so Izuku releases his hold on her neck and steps back. For a moment there’s silence, and then she speaks up again in a quiet tone.

“If it was all just a joke, why are you giving me the one-on-one training at all?”

Tilting his head to the side, Izuku considers his childhood friend turned adolescent bully for a long moment. She’s come a long way, he realizes. Who knew that fucking her mother in front of her and then fucking and humiliating her would have such a positive impact on Katsumi as a person? Huffing in amusement at his own thoughts, Izuku just rolls his eyes.

“Because you earned it, Katsumi. Now let’s go out there and have a fight, shall we? No strings attached, no deals. I just want you to give it your best. Show off for the crowd, come at me with everything you’ve got, alright?”

There’s a moment of hesitation on Katsumi’s end, but then determination fills her eyes and spreads throughout her entire being and Izuku knows he has her.

“Right.”

As they part ways, going to their separate waiting rooms for the scant amount of time before the fight is due to begin, Izuku feels like he made the right call here. He realizes now that he wasn’t going to get Katsumi’s all from her with his previous ultimatum. She was just that kind of woman. However, now that he’d dramatically shifted the goalposts from ‘impress me or get knocked up’ to ‘impress me and get knocked up down the road’, it seemed likely that she was going to be a lot easier to manipulate.

Training with her one-on-one wouldn’t even be that much of a hassle either, really. The bad blood he’d once had towards Katsumi had slowly ebbed away; he’s finally starting to realize. Probably around the time he started fucking her mother. And fucking Katsumi herself had only served to further drain his anger and raw dislike for the blonde bully. In the end, Izuku had a hard time staying mad at women he was routinely fucking. He was just that kind of man, he supposed.

The final match is called and he leaves his waiting room, entering the arena at the same time as Katsumi. Midnight says some things to get the crowd all riled up, but truthfully Izuku is focused purely on Katsumi as the two of them finally take the center stage.

Funny, in a shonen anime, this would be a big pivotal point in Izuku’s ‘character development’, wouldn’t it? Him rising above all of Katsumi’s bullying to become the strongest there was, only to finally face his former bully on a big almost international stage like this one. Except reality was rarely akin to fiction. Facts were, this was just another fight for him. Didn’t mean he wasn’t going to win it though.

“Ready? BEGIN!”

As Midnight gives the go ahead, both he and Katsumi burst forward at the same time. With a look of concentration on her face, the explosive blonde comes at him as hard and fast as her Quirk allows her to, using explosions to propel herself across the arena. Izuku just kicks off the ground, but easily manages to match her speed as they meet in the middle.

It would be wrong to say that the following fight is evenly matched. Katsumi gives it her all, of course. No longer weighed down by deals, and having finally received confirmation that Izuku isn’t going to knock her up until after the start of a successful career as a Pro Hero, it’s obvious that her mind has settled and she’s found purpose where before she’d been somewhat adrift.

Meanwhile, Izuku gives a calculated amount of effort on his end. Just past the point he’s shown so far in terms of strength and speed. Showing growth, showing progression to all of those watching both in the stands and at home. It’s nowhere near his full strength… but it’s still overwhelming for poor Katsumi.

She gives a good showing, at least. Izuku didn’t exactly set out to make sure of that, but Katsumi’s own pride and clarity of mind allows her to give as good as she possibly can in their ensuing battle. However, even her best barely fazes him as he is right now. And in the end, her best isn’t good enough to cause him to so much as stumble, let alone beat him.

Izuku dismantles her, for lack of a better word. Sure, he could have knocked her out of bounds and won that way, but when he tries early on, Katsumi manages to catch herself with her explosions, using them to stay in the air and never touch the ground outside of the arena. Admiring her determination, Izuku gives her what she seems to want… and utterly destroys her in the ring instead.

The end result is an exhausted Katsumi barely even able to keep her eyes open as she tries to throw a weak-ass punch into Izuku’s chest before collapsing to her knees. After over thirty minutes of fighting, a lifetime when it comes to a match like this, Katsumi isn’t just at the end of her rope, she’s gassed out completely.

Even her Quirk is barely managing to produce more than tiny firecracker-esque explosions as she wavers, her head struggling not to droop as she kneels before him.

Crossing his arms over his chest, Izuku looks to Midnight… who nods after a moment longer.

“Katsumi Bakugou is unable to continue! Izuku Midoriya wins and is your First Place Victor for this year’s Sports Festival!”

The crowd goes wild, cheering madly as Izuku just snorts and reaches down, grabbing Katsumi by the shoulders and pulling her up to her feet. As she sways, having to lean against him for support, he helps her out of the arena so they can get some water, vitamins, and maybe an energy drink in her before the closing ceremonies reach the award section and the two of them are needed back on stage.

-x-X-x-

The Award Ceremony is what it is. Izuku takes First, Katsumi takes Second, and by dint of losing to the two of them in the Semi-Finals, Itsuka and Momo take a joint Third Place. Mirko herself comes out and gives them their medals, probably because three out of the four victors are from her class and probably because she’s still a huge hit among the general audience, even while she’s on sabbatical from Pro Hero Work.

It's a big deal for everyone, Izuku is pretty sure… and to be fair, it’s a big deal for him as well. A rather large feather in his cap, another chapter in his story. But part of him can’t help but feel a little exhausted by the end of it. Between dealing with Shouko and Endeavor, as well as Katsumi… Izuku kind of feels like he almost needs a break of some sort.

However, before he can slip out and find some peace and quiet to truly figure out what he needs… Izuku finds himself confronted one final time.

“Hm. You ignored my invitation earlier, Midoriya.”

Turning, Izuku regards Nemuri Kayama, aka the R-Rated Hero Midnight, silently. She stands there leaning against the wall of the hallway, her arms crossed under her substantial bust as she looks at him curiously.

“I’m not used to being denied, you know.”

Denied. Invitation. It would seem Izuku was completely right about Midnight’s wink being an offer to follow her. Only, he hadn’t followed her. Instead, he’d let himself get drawn into that whole mess with Shouko and her weird dad. Sighing, Izuku runs a hand through the back of his head sheepishly.

“Yeah… in hindsight, I should have blown off the other stuff that came up and just went to find you.”

Midnight’s eyes light up at that, her curiosity clearly piqued by ‘the other stuff’. Pushing off of the wall, she saunters up to Izuku with her hands on her hips and her eyes narrowed playfully.

“Oh? Do you think I’ll forgive you just because you say you’re sorry?”

Izuku narrows his own eyes at that. Midnight’s persona was unabashedly playful and fun… when she wasn’t fighting crime. However, it was important to note that she played a dominatrix when she WAS fighting crime… so really, he didn’t actually know what sort of woman she was in bed. When it came to criminals, to say Midnight was ‘hard on crime’ would be an understatement. Did that translate to how she acted in the bedroom as well though? Because admittedly… Izuku wasn’t into that sort of thing.

“… I don’t recall saying sorry in the first place, Teach.”

Midnight blinks at his backtalk, clearly a little surprised by it. Then, she grins coyly.

“Oh? So you’re not apologizing for leaving a pretty gal waiting, Midoriya? Quite the bad boy.”

Izuku just shakes his head, speaking bluntly.

“Had more important things to do. Won’t apologize for that. I am free now though.”

Even if Midnight had a sadistic attitude while fighting criminals, she still had that playful attitude outside of crime-fighting. On top of that, her costume literally came with the cuffs from a broken pair of handcuffs around her wrists. So Izuku wasn’t willing to reject her completely. There was still a chance here that ‘sadistic dominatrix’ wasn’t all Midnight was.

“Hmph. Free now, he says. And what if I’m not free, Midoriya? What if I’m no longer available? Maybe you’ve missed your shot.”

Scoffing, Izuku doesn’t point out that she wouldn’t be waiting for him in the hall if he’d really missed his shot. Instead, he just offers Midnight a confident smirk.

“That’s fine. I’ve got plenty of others vying for my attention. If you’re busy or needed elsewhere, Teach… you should feel free to head out.”

Midnight’s eyes widen at his blunt dismissal and he can immediately tell that it only serves to excite her further. His Quirk-enhanced senses pick up her arousal as the cinnamon scent fills the air, making it obvious that she wants him. All Izuku needs to figure out is how badly she wants him, and whether they’re actually compatible or not.

“You really are a bad boy, aren’t you Midoriya? I’ve heard rumors…”

She murmurs that last part, but Izuku still hears her. Smirking at her, hands in his pockets, the young man just shrugs.

“I’m simply not the kind of man who backs down from a challenge, Midnight. That’s all. So why don’t you go ahead and tell me exactly what you want from me, yeah?”

Rather than answer his blunt question with some bluntness of her own, Midnight smirks and reaches out, walking her fingers across his chest.

“… You’re not even winded, are you Midoriya?”

Izuku narrows his eyes further at that, prompting Midnight to giggle.

“I noticed it rather early on in the Tournament. I’m sure others did as well despite your efforts to hide your true stamina. But you were sandbagging, weren’t you? And not just in the First Event. Not just in the Second Event. You were sandbagging all the way through to the final battle. Poor Bakugou… I hear she’s quite the competitive sort. How would she feel, knowing her opponent didn’t even have to give it his all to exhaust her?”

Was Midnight threatening him with revealing his true strength to Katsumi or something? No, upon further review, it didn’t sound like she was. Not really. Still, just on the off chance that she was…

“She knows already.”

That gets Midnight’s eyes to widen again as she takes in the double meaning behind Izuku’s words. After a beat, Midnight’s grin turns positively wolfish as she licks her lips again just like earlier.

“Fuck.”

Izuku just grins at the loaded one-word response and tilts his head to the side, deciding to just go for it.

“Your place or mine?”

Midnight, positively purring as she leans in close and all but drapes herself over him, brings her lips to his ear and makes her desire known.

“Mine.”

Hers it is then. This should be fun.
Chapter 71: Nemuri
Chapter Text

A/N: Midnight has an idea for how to handle their equally aggressive personalities~

-x-X-x-

Nemuri Kayama had heard a LOT about Izuku Midoriya. Even before the school year began, his name was on everyone’s lips. As one of the few teachers who had remained after UA’s surprise faculty overhaul, Nemuri had access to more information than many of the others. Like for instance, the fact that All Might was supposed to be one of their Heroics Teachers this year.

She wasn’t so privileged that she’d been let in on what had happened to change things up, but she was smart enough to put some of the pieces together. Nana Shimura had taken over in All Might’s stead, her credentials being that she’d trained the Number One Pro Hero herself back in the day. Only, she didn’t look like she was old enough for that, so some sort of tomfoolery was going on.

And then there was Izuku Midoriya. The boy was taking the entire school by storm. Not only were there rumors of him bedding teachers and students alike, but there was also his scores to take into consideration. He was a dominant force in the school in more ways than one, and he’d brought that dominance into the UA Sports Festival, effectively treating his peers like they were toddlers from start to finish.

It was… exciting. Everything she’d heard before the Sports Festival had honestly already piqued Nemuri’s interest but watching him sandbag in the Sports Festival itself and yet still take down any and all challengers who dared to so much as look in his direction… that, Nemuri had to admit, was downright intoxicating.

She wasn’t the R-Rated Hero Midnight for nothing, after all. And sure, normally she didn’t mix business with pleasure… she liked to consider herself a professional. But the Principal wasn’t stopping any of the other antics that Midoriya was getting up to, and Midoriya himself… there was just something about him that made him wise beyond his years.

That was why she wanted to break him. How could she not? He was such a feisty little upstart. He was the big shot on campus and a massive rising star that multiple other women were clearly trying to attach themselves to. And he knew it too. Yet… he wasn’t the best in the world or anything like that. He was still just a student. That’s what Nemuri wanted to show him today. That he still had a lot to learn.

Which is why, as she leads him into her home, the R-Rated Pro Hero turns around and fixes Izuku with a stare and the quirk of her lips as she plants her hands on her hips and strikes a seductive pose. As anticipated, his eyes are drawn to her every curve, her gorgeous assets all but on display as she smirks at him.

“You’re a precocious brat, aren’t you Midoriya?”

Looking her right in the eye, Izuku just shrugs his shoulders.

“I prefer to think of myself as merely self-confident.”

Scoffing, Nemuri shakes her head.

“Arrogance more like.”

Which as expected, just gets a raised brow from Izuku.

“Is it arrogance if I’m always proven right?”

No. No it was not. But that was why they were here. To prove him wrong for once, bring him back down to Earth, and show him he still had plenty to learn from HER if not anyone else. She was definitely just trying to help him out. Definitely not indulging in her sadistic side at all. But then… was it that big of a deal if she maybe did a little bit of both? Licking her lips, Nemuri runs her hands up and down her body.

“I know you want me, Midoriya. You can act like you don’t because there are others ‘vying for your attention’, but none of them are like me. I’m the dream for boys like you. The unattainable goal.”

Looking more amused than anything, Izuku snorts.

“Is there a point you’re going to get to at some time soon, Teach?”

Irritating brat. He really was too full of himself. Still…

“My point is you want me. But I also know how you want me. You want to take me. You want to use me… dominate me… conquer me.”

She lets her voice get huskier with each word she says, until she’s staring at Midoriya through lidded eyes, easily able to tell that her words are landing with some effect on the young man. He slowly nods, not even trying to deny it.

“Yes.”

He really is precocious!

“And what makes you think you’ve earned me, brat?”

Tilting his head to the side, he grins.

“Well… I did just win the UA Sports Festival by a pretty wide margin.”

But Nemuri scoffs, having been expecting that.

“And? That doesn’t matter here, Midoriya. Here and now, we’re not talking about your schoolboy achievements. We’re not talking about your capacity to surpass your peers, and likely most of your seniors as a Pro Hero. We’re talking about sex. You think you’re quite good at what you do, but if the rumors are right, all you’ve had so far are virgin girls who don’t know any better and inexperienced women who think they’re doing something scandalous by bedding you.”

Nemuri huffs, crossing her arms under her ample bosom and lifting it up as she shrugs her shoulders.

“You haven’t had a real woman, Midoriya. Not yet.”

Amusement remains in Izuku’s eyes. It makes the sadist in her really want to teach him a lesson. At the same time, his confidence is a little… overwhelming. It’s been a long time since Nemuri ran into a man who could give her a run for the money in the bedroom. After all, while there were certainly plenty of Pro Heroes who were better at fighting crime or combatting disasters than her, there was one arena where Nemuri considered herself the undisputed champion, even if it had nothing to do with her work. Sex.

She was a natural at sex. An absolute talent. And no man had been able to tame her for a long, long time. And yet… while most of the time she presented as a sadist, the truth was, she was a switch. A part of her, a submissive part that hadn’t seen use in many years, longed to be taken to task by a man. To be brought low and dominated.

… She just didn’t think Izuku Midoriya was going to be that man, overconfident brat that he was.

“What exactly are you proposing, Midnight?”

Ah, using her Pro Hero name. Nemuri grins wickedly as she unwinds her arms from under her chest and runs her hands up and down her body again.

“Simple. We play a little game, and the winner takes all. Each of us will do everything short of actual sexual intercourse to get the other one off. Whoever gets the other off the fastest wins and gets to call the shots for the rest of the evening. You can have all of this, Izuku Midoriya. You can have me under your thumb. On my knees, bent over, up against a wall. However you envision me, you can make me your bitch. But you have to prove your worth first.”

Silence falls as the young man processes her words. Finally though, he nods.

“Sounds like a plan. You can go first.”

Nemuri pauses and narrows her eyes at that.

“Oh? Already scheming, are you? Want to get an advantage by knowing the time to beat? Heh… it won’t help, you understand.”

Izuku just grins a cocky grin, one that causes the lightest of flutters down between her thighs.

“Then it won’t matter if you go first, will it?”

Hm. He’s right. She’d just talked herself into a corner there. Still, Nemuri believes her own words. That’s why after setting up a timer, she saunters up to Izuku without a care in the world, drops down into a crouch in a perfectly performed swoop that accentuates all her best assets, and deftly flicks open Midoriya’s pants, freeing his cock from its confines.

As she expected, he’s already aroused. Though she’s a little surprised he’s not already throbbing and fully hard. She’s not used to men who aren’t pretty much fully erect within minutes of her turning on the charm, truth be told.

No matter. Wrapping gloved hands around his cock, Nemuri smiles up at Izuku. She strokes him to full mast in mere moments, before opening her red lips wide and letting her tongue slowly pulse out. She begins to lick him at first, expertly and without hesitation, watching his face for signs of his reaction.

… She gets nothing. His cock is hard and throbbing, but otherwise he’s just staring down at her wordlessly. Tch. Nemuri ups her game, fully taking him into her mouth then and beginning to bob up and down his member. Other women in her position might have tried to go as fast and hard as possible to get him off quickly, since that was the challenge.

But Nemuri knew better. First of all rushing things like that never worked. That was just what porn and hentai wanted you to think. Trying to go too hard too fast when it came to fellatio usually resulted in you nipping the man’s cock with your teeth and potentially ruining the experience entirely. Second of all, Nemuri knew for a fact that Izuku Midoriya wasn’t going to be able to make her cum so easily. No matter how long she spent sucking his cock, she would win this handily.

Which is why… she’s a little annoyed when he grunts about five minutes in, causing her to narrow her eyes at him.

“You know, if you really want to win this, you should probably get naked at least.”

Nemuri’s eyes narrow further at that, down to slits. She doesn’t like his tone… but at the same time, she knows he’s right. And won’t it be all the more humiliating if she shatters him after taking his advice? Only for him to find that he can’t do the same in turn, because she’s like diamond. Unbreakable.

Pulling off of Izuku’s cock with a pop, Nemuri gives him a salaciously sultry, wicked, and altogether sinful smile as she pulls back and rises to her feet.

“You’re right. I’m much too overdressed for this.”

Of course, she doesn’t just strip down to her birthday suit. She makes a production of it, starting with turning on her home entertainment system and getting some delicious music perfect for strip dancing pumping through the house. Izuku just watches with a raised eyebrow and those amused eyes of his, even as Midnight grabs hold of him and pushes him down into a nearby chair. Then and only then does she begin stripping for him… while teasing the hell out of him in the process.

Every brush she can do, every touch she can manage, she incorporates it into her dance. She fondles his chest, she plays with his cock and balls, and she even grinds her ass into his crotch a few times as she slowly but surely stripes to nothing. Going completely naked, letting him see her body like this… it hadn’t been Nemuri’s original plan. Originally, she was going to make him beg for every inch.

But no, this was better. She was sick and tired of those amused eyes Midoriya was leveling at her. It was time to end this. That’s why, once she’s completely naked, Nemuri goes for broke. She kneels between Izuku’s spread legs, wraps her tits around the base of his throbbing pecker, and takes the head into her mouth.

His cock, now leaking precum, pulsates in between her tits as she slides her impressive fun bags up and down his length. She knows how great her chest is. She knows how much men love her breasts. And she utilizes them to their fullest potential, looking up into Midoriya’s eyes and watching as he enjoys her efforts.

His balls churn under her tits, his cock throbs inside of her mouth, and Nemuri knows she has him. Only… the minutes drag on. Her eyes narrow. It’s taking far too long. Five minutes of sucking him off initially. Five minutes of dancing and teasing to really get him hot and bothered. And now ten more minutes of a masterclass titjob-blowjob combo, the kind of thing that men around the world would pay millions to see, let alone get to experience.

And yet he still wouldn’t cum. This called for drastic measures. Slipping one hand under her tits and locating his balls, Nemuri begins to fondle his nut sack while she redoubles her efforts. Her tits become static outside of their own natural bouncing and jiggling, and all she moves is her mouth, sliding up and down the part of his cock not currently held between her breasts.

As she’d said earlier, going too hard too fast when it came to fellatio was a rookie mistake, the sort of thing you only saw in porn and hentai. But as many had said about her, the R-Rated Pro Hero Midnight was walking porn herself in a lot of ways. And it was only a rookie mistake if you didn’t have the skill to back it up!

Suctioning her cheeks in, holding her teeth back, Nemuri begins to throat Izuku’s cock with reckless abandon and overwhelming gusto, gurgling as she takes his massive member down the back of her throat.

“Glughk! Glughk! Glughk!”

Finally, she gets somewhere. Finally, he has to grab the arms of the chair. She can feel his balls churning in her fondling hand too, so without further ado… Nemuri gives them a good squeeze while sucking harder at his cock than ever before.

Just like that, it’s over. Izuku grunts as he cums down the back of her throat. Professional that she is, Nemuri swallows every last drop without fail. She drinks down Midoriya’s cum and hums at how tasty it is, how good it feels in her belly. Honestly, sucking his cock had been quite a delight even if she wasn’t going to tell HIM that. She was already tingling down below and he hadn’t even taken his turn yet.

That was the sort of thing that usually only happened when she was punishing a lover with whip or chain or paddle. Not when she’d just got done fellating one of her students for… a glance at the timer makes Nemuri scowl a little bit. Twenty-three minutes. Unacceptable, for all that it wouldn’t matter in the end.

Plastering a confident smile on her face as she turns back to Midoriya, Nemuri raises an eyebrow at him, while at the same time pushing herself up to her feet with her hands on his legs. Bending over him, her face inches from his own, she lets her smile grow into a wicked, toothy grin.

“Well, Midoriya? Think you can top that?”
Chapter 72: Domination
Chapter Text

A/N: In which Midnight gets got.

-x-X-x-

Rather than respond with words, Midoriya first reaches up and brushes his knuckle across her dangling tits, specifically against her rock hard nipples. Nemuri’s eyes widen and she buckles for a moment as a feeling akin to static electricity, but fully of pleasure, passes through her frame. She restrains her reaction as best as possible but can’t quite help that her lips part ever so slightly, or her breath hitches.

And indeed, even despite her efforts to control herself, the young man seated in front of her grins wickedly, his eyes dancing with knowing merriment.

“I think I can, yes.”

Narrowing her own eyes and chalking that up to a fluke, the R-Rated Pro Hero, Midnight, pulls back and rises to her feet. She scoffs at Izuku Midoriya, even as he rises from his chair languidly, looking almost predatory. With a huff, Nemuri walks over and restarts the timer before turning back around and giving Izuku a challenging look with her hands on her hips.

“Touching me constitutes starting the timer, I hope you know. Do your worst, Midoriya.”

She can last twenty-three minutes. She knows she can. There’s simply no way that someone like Midoriya is going to make her cum. He probably thinks all he has to do is jam his fingers up inside of her once or twice and she’ll be squealing as she squirts buckets all over his hands, but that won’t happen!

Rather than leap at her to make as much use of his time as possible, Izuku Midoriya walks up to her slowly, almost… casually. Still grinning, he looks over her body, humming to himself. The time is ticking down, Nemuri wants to tell him, but she holds her tongue. Finally, he looks at her.

“You’re so tense, Nemuri. Why don’t you relax a little bit? Take a load off?”

She rolls her eyes at him.

“Want me to lay down for you, is that it? Or maybe I should strike a hentai pose. Like this one?”

Without missing a beat, the R-Rated Heroine drops into an infamous pose she’s seen a thousand times in porn. Legs bowed outwards at the knees, hands behind her head with fingers interlocked, and chest thrust outwards in his direction. She even goes so far as to cross her eyes and stick out her tongue to really sell the pose.

It’s supposed to throw Midoriya off. To make him uncomfortable and show him how out of his league he is. She’s not planning to stay like this, merely hold the position for a couple seconds as he grows flustered, and then drop it. Is that a little underhanded of her, to attempt to throw him off his game? Maybe, but all is fair in love and war.

… Only, that’s not what happens.

“Perfect! Stay like this!”

Uncrossing her eyes and pulling her tongue back in, Nemuri scowls as she glares at Midoriya. Tch, even if she hadn’t intended to maintain this pose, now she was forced to by her own arrogance. Still… it would be even more satisfying to stay like this, in such a lurid and humiliating position while he ultimately failed to make her cum, right? That’s why she does it. Not because he ordered her to or anything like that.

Midoriya spends only a moment longer looking her over. Then, he moves in. Nemuri watches him through a lidded gaze as he gets into position. Seriously, he’s not even touching her yet. Instead, he places two fingers down between her bowed legs, mere centimeters away from her clenching cunt. Admittedly, Nemuri is more turned on from the blowjob-titjob combo she spent over twenty minutes giving him then she ever has been fellating any other man before. Still, that won’t be a problem, she’s sure of it.

At the same time he moves his fingers into position, Izuku also moves his mouth right next to her left breast, and his free hand up to her right breast. Seriously? He’s going to telegraph his actions like that?

“You’re never going to make me cum if you give me this much time to prepare Midoriya-!”

All of a sudden, he strikes. Driving two fingers up into her pussy. Clamping down on her left breast with his mouth. Grabbing her right breast with his other hand. Just as she expected! Nemuri feels vindication flood through her as he immediately goes for roughness and speed right off the bat! There’s no technique, there’s no skill, there’s no- ohgodwhatthefuckisthat?!

Nemuri Kayama’s eyes go crossed and her mouth forms into a small ‘o’ shape as she suddenly lets out a completely involuntary, very undignified squeal, explosively climaxing right there on the spot. She barely has time to register the things he does before this happens, but she’s enough of an expert to be able to catalogue them all the same.

What she had thought was just two fingers jammed up inside of her all willy-nilly was actually a carefully aimed strike to the most sensitive parts of her already primed and ready cunt. First the fingers strike deep inside of her, hitting a spot that she’s clearly been missing herself whenever she masturbated.

Then they proceed to spread apart, forcibly stretching her inner walls while at the same time curling backwards on themselves. His nails rake at her insides in an extremely pleasurable fashion, but that’s just the start. On top of that, she’d discounted his thumb… the thumb that he uses to flick her clit, which is far more sensitive and throbbing that Nemuri realized until this moment.

Meanwhile, up above, Midoriya’s lips have suctioned down over her left nipple, his tongue swirling around the throbbing, engorged teat for a moment before he bites down on it at the exact same time as his flick of her clit. And also at the same time, over on her right breast, his fingers slide over her soft, sensitive boobflesh to terminate at that nipple, pinching and tugging it in the exact moment he does everything else.

Only Nemuri’s deep sexual knowledge and skill allows her to notice everything Midoriya is doing, even as the pleasure overtakes her and she positively floods his hand with her juices, cumming on the spot. It doesn’t help her stop the orgasm however, nor hold herself back. By the time she realizes what he’s done to her, he’s already won.

And the pose completes the image of defeat, her hands still laced behind her head, her legs still bowed at the knees. She squirts all over not just Izuku’s fingers and hand, but also onto her own carpet, making a mess of things that cannot be denied.

… She’s lost. Nemuri doesn’t even have to look over at the timer to know that. She’s totally, completely lost. He might have spent a minute or two goofing around, but when he finally truly got started, he had made her cum in mere seconds. Tch… she’d been utterly outplayed, hadn’t she? There’s only one thing that Nemuri can latch onto right now.

“C-Cheat… y-you… c-cheated…”

Pulling his mouth off of her nipple but not his hands from her cunt or breasts, Izuku gives her an amused look.

“Did I?”

Mustering up all the strength she has left to her, even if it isn’t much, Nemuri scowls.

“Don’t think… I didn’t notice… brat. You primed me during my turn. Used my time to… get me all warmed up.”

Yes. That was the only explanation that made sense. She’d already been on edge by the time he’d cum and while she’d noticed it, she hadn’t realized how on edge she’d become. He must have… done something to her…”

But Midoriya doesn’t back down or confess. He just laughs in her face while continuing to play with her welcoming body.

“The only one who touched anyone during your turn was you, Midnight. Any arousal that you felt from getting me off… was all you.”

Unfortunately, he’s not exactly wrong about that first part. Still, she can’t help but feel like he’s playing coy. Her eyes narrow and her mouth opens, but before she can speak up again, Izuku continues on with a cheerful tone.

“Still, if you’re that sure I cheated… I guess I’ll just have to go again, huh? How many orgasms will it take before you admit you’ve lost? I guess we have a little under twenty minutes left to find out.”

Then, he latches his mouth back onto her tit and goes right back to driving her insane. Even though she sees it all coming this time, Nemuri barely lasts three seconds before climaxing again.

Squealing, the R-Rated Pro Hero brings her hands down from behind her head and grabs onto Izuku’s shoulders, using him to prop herself up as he really starts to go to town on her. Of course, even that isn’t enough forever. Soon, her legs turning to jelly from orgasm after orgasm, she finds herself falling to her back, with Izuku following her down and also helping to slow the fall so its more of a controlled collapse to the floor.

Even then, he doesn’t stop. Even then, he doesn’t let up. Not even for a moment. Midnight’s eyes widen and then roll back in her head as Midoriya pulls out every trick in the book and then some.

She’d thought him to be an arrogant, cocky brat. She’d assumed that he was too used to dealing with bitches who didn’t know any better, and that his sexual foundations were based on his ability to pull virgins and lonely women who couldn’t help but throw themselves at him because of his confidence and power.

… Nemuri was wrong. It wasn’t often that she was so far off base when it came to sex. It was kind of her bread and butter, after all. Maybe that was part of why she hadn’t bottomed in so long, despite being a switch. Because at the end of the day, it was hard for her to submit to any man who she knew more than.

Sex wasn’t always about strength or power. It wasn’t just about pinning your partner down and having your way with them. Sure, that sort of rough stuff had its place, and plenty of people were into vanilla stuff like that, but Nemuri wanted more. She wanted sex to be a battle of wills, but when everyone else was so lacking, every encounter became more of a conquest for her than a fight.

Suddenly, the shoe is on the other foot. Suddenly she’s the one being conquered… and far more effectively than Nemuri would have ever thought possible. Izuku Midoriya isn’t the uneducated neanderthal that she thought he was. He’s not a meathead just throwing around his big dick and strength and making virgins and bitches wet for him.

Oh sure, he’s ALSO doing that… but underneath the way that all those lesser women flock to him is a real man. A true connoisseur of the sexual arts. If she’d known, Midnight likes to think she could have been more prepared for him. But deep down inside she knows the truth. She’s outclassed and even with a month of prep time, she would have still been outclassed.

The timer finally goes off, twenty-three minutes coming to an end. By that point, Nemuri has cum more times than she can count. Midoriya has pulled out technique after technique, some that she recognized, some that she didn’t. He’s brought her to climax over and over again throughout the entire twenty-three minutes, even after making her cum in mere seconds the first time. And he’s completely and utterly conquered her body, leaving her twitching and trembling on the floor of her own home, already longing for more.

Pulling back from her, Izuku kneels at her side and raises an eyebrow as he gives her a smile.

“Midnight? How are you feeling?”

The audacity of this bastard. To do all of THAT to her… and then express concern for her? Narrowing her eyes up at him, Nemuri speaks truthfully.

“Like I just got instant loss 2koma’d you bastard.”

Izuku Midoriya gives her a large, shark-like grin at that, causing a shiver of excitement to worm its way down her spine. He knows exactly what he’s done to her. More than that, he speaks her language in a way few other respectable members of society do. Really, the only other people who would know what she’s talking about… well, aren’t really worth knowing most of the time, due to certain deficiencies in either hygiene or other areas.

Midoriya though is hygienic, fit, handsome, and… and so much more. She understands how so many women have fallen to him now. Not just because he’s strong and confident, but because he leaves them all yearning for him. He has them all wrapped around his finger, inevitably coming back for more.

Letting out a shuddering sigh, Nemuri licks her lips and then gets control of herself. She’s still the R-Rated Pro Hero Midnight, after all. She has an image to maintain. Running her hands up and down her body, her eyes glitter as she looks at Izuku Midoriya with arousal in her eyes.

“Well? You won, Midoriya. Quite handily at that. I’m at your mercy now.”

Izuku just raises an eyebrow. Nemuri scowls at that, pouting.

“Going to make me spell it out, huh? I guess I do deserve that. I lost. That means you get to call the shots for the rest of the evening. You get to have all of this, Izuku. You get to have all of me. I’m yours to command, to play with, to abuse. Do whatever you like and I promise I’ll enjoy it. I’m a sick little freak like that. What was it I said? On my knees, bent over a table, up against a wall. How do you want to fuck me? How do you want to make me your bitch?”

By the time she’s done speaking, her heartrate is elevated and her words are coming out in a rush of anticipation and desire. She never expected today to go like this of course, but now that it has… she’s not complaining. She’s finally found a man who can truly give her what she wants. Who can not only give her a run for her money, but even teach her something new while he’s at it.

All that’s left is for Midoriya to tell her what they’re doing next. No matter what, she’s confident she’s going to enjoy it.
Chapter 73: Shower Sex
Chapter Text

A/N: Izuku and Midnight take a shower~

-x-X-x-

“Well Midoriya? How do you want me?”

As the R-Rated Hero Midnight poses for him, her beauty apparent even with the messy state he’s left her in, Izuku considers her for a long moment… before speaking from the heart.

“How do I want you? I want you in the shower.”

Midnight blinks, looking caught off guard by his blunt answer. Looking down at her sweat-covered, messy body, she stares for a moment before looking back at him somewhat blankly.

“… Most men would give up a limb for the chance to be with me, even as messy as you’ve left me Midoriya.”

Izuku just shakes his head though, his nose wrinkling a little bit. Sure, Midnight is hot… but she’s also a little smelly at the moment.

“I think we already established that I’m not most men. You can march that sweaty ass of yours to the shower, where I’ll join you. Oh and if we’re doing this properly, you can call me ‘Sir’ for the rest of the night. Got it?”

Licking her lips, Midnight hesitates for only a moment… before grinning wickedly.

“Yes sir~”

As he’d thought… she was getting off on all of this. She was really getting off on all of this. People said that Midnight was a sadist, that she was a dominatrix who loved to make other people, especially criminals, suffer. And sure, that was probably true. But on the other hand, that was obviously just one facet of her.

It’d been a hunch Izuku had had thanks to those handcuffs she liked to wear around her wrists. Sure, one might take them as a sign that she had ‘broken’ the shackles of the Patriarchy’s expectations for women or something (and Izuku had actually read a few people who literally did believe that online as well) but there was just as much an argument that she was wearing them as a little symbol of her desire to be dominated… just waiting for the right person to come along who could put her in her place.

After all, if she truly ‘broke free’ of such desires, she wouldn’t still wear the handcuffs around her wrists like a pair of modern day golden slave bangles, now would she?

Either way, Izuku is pretty confident he has Midnight right where he wants her at this point. Mostly because he’s pretty sure she’s right where she wants to be as well. As Midnight saunters out of the living room and down the hall towards the bathroom, Izuku strips out of the rest of his clothes and then follows the naked femme fatale. By the time he reaches the bathroom, she’s already turned on the shower and stepped under its spray. She’s even gone straight to washing her body down with soap, a particularly bubbly brand that has her covered in delightful sudsiness in no time.

Eyes roaming up and down her, Izuku’s cock twitches as it grows fully erect once more, pointing unerringly in her direction. Glancing back at him, Midnight smiles coquettishly, making a show of arching her back as she runs her hands from her ass up and around to her tits, managing to make it seem as though she was just washing up when in reality, she’s clearly showing off.

“Better for your tastes, sir?”

Damn right it was. Stepping into the shower behind her, Izuku doesn’t bother with words and skips straight to action. Specifically, his hand snaps up and grabs hold of her hair, gathering it into a makeshift ponytail that he wraps around his palm before tightening his fingers into a fist. Midnight gasps as her back arches even further than before for him, especially since his other hand reaches down and grasps hold of her hip, keeping her ass right in his crotch while her spine bends.

“Oooh… so forceful. So-mmph!”

Twisting her head around, Izuku shows the older woman forceful as he shoves his tongue down her throat and kisses her decisively. Dominating her mouth with his own, he silences her even as he rubs his cock in between her soaped up buttocks, hot-dogging her ass to his heart’s content for a few moments. In response, Midnight kisses him back while moaning up a storm, one hand planting itself on the shower wall in front of her while the other gropes and squeezes at her own tits, her fingers pinching at her nipples in ecstasy.

Yeah, there was nothing of the dominatrix in her in this moment. This was a woman who had been beaten quite soundly in a challenge of her own making, on a battlefield where she had reigned supreme for years. Midnight was the Undefeated Champion of her very own Arena, and hadn’t had a proper fight in who knew how long.

Only for Izuku to come along and show her that she was wrong to think her best battles were behind her. She was wrong to assume that she would never again taste the sweet, sweet sting of defeat. Submissively moaning into his mouth, Midnight succumbs to him once again without him having to even penetrate her with his cock. She cums there in his arms from the kissing, the hot-dogging, and her own touching as her body spasms and shakes in his grasp.

As she’s coming down from that orgasm, Izuku finally moves his hips in such a way that he slides into her. At long last, his cock penetrates the wanton woman before him, filling Midnight with inch after inch of his throbbing manhood. As it does so, she moans even louder into his lips, all while his tongue swaps spit with hers, wrestling it to the floor of her mouth time and time again.

There is no victory to be had here for her, not even in the small things. With his other conquests, Izuku might have been willing to give an inch here and there, but that was because he knew they weren’t looking to take a mile. Midnight might be happy with the current state of affairs… in fact, from the way she was already cumming on his cock, she was enjoying all of this immensely.

However, if she saw an opening to turn the tables, she would probably try to go for it. She wouldn’t be able to help herself. That’s why Izuku wasn’t giving her any openings. That’s why he wasn’t dancing to her tune even slightly. Even the suggestions she’d offered for how he should take her were another way in which she was trying to exercise some modicum of control over him. Hence, they were in the shower.

Continuing to fist Midnight’s hair, pulling her back against him as he fucks her soundly there under the rushing water, Izuku grunts, not letting up for even a moment. Even when he finally stops kissing her, he only does so in order to fuck her more properly. Her eyes rolling back in her head, the soap pretty much washed off of her beautiful body by this point, Izuku moves with purpose, pushing deeper into her and in doing so pushing her up against the wall further as well.

Her large breasts squish and mold to the shower wall, rubbing this way and that over the wet and smooth surface. Midnight moans all the louder, squealing and creaming herself on his cock over and over again. Izuku grunts in response, his member never ceasing movements, his hips never hesitating to deliver another punishing blow to her backside as his cock batters against her cervix.

Until finally, with one last grunt, Izuku unloads inside of her. No warning, no request, no nothing. She’s given herself to him tonight after all, told him that she’s all his for the rest of the evening, so of course he’s going to do whatever he wants to her.

Midnight isn’t complaining either, of course. Even as he pulls out of her, she’s too busy moaning up a storm and shuddering in pleasure. Even when he spins her around to face him properly and recaptures her lips in his own, she just responds by kissing him right back, submissive and biddable as ever.

As she kisses him, Midnight wraps her arms around his neck, moaning into his mouth. Right up until she feels something spurt out onto her hair, at which point she pauses and blinks open lidded eyes to stare at him in confusion.

Izuku just smirks as he begins to massage the shampoo he just dumped atop her head into her hair and scalp. They continue to kiss even as he washes her hair… even as he starts to wash her body as well. When her hands slide off of his shoulders to try and move down his body to his cock, Izuku stops her and forces them back behind her back while giving her an order.

“Stand still.”

Obedient as can be after he bested her and won her challenge, Midnight does as she’s told, standing perfectly still and letting him clean her up with his own two hands. Her breath hitches as he scrubs down her breasts, and she can’t help but moan as he hooks two fingers into her cunt and scoops out his own cum into the shower drain, even ‘cleaning’ her there.

By the time he’s done, Izuku can tell Midnight knows he’s up to something at this point. He doesn’t let that stop him from reaching past her and turning off the water before stepping out of the shower. Grabbing two big fluffy towels, he tosses one at Midnight and uses the other to begin drying off. As she does the same, the R-Rated Hero makes a show of things, toweling her sexy body down in the most sultry and seductive manner possible.

Izuku watches of course, soaking it all in. But then, once he’s done drying off, he tosses the towel aside and walks back out of the bathroom without so much as a backwards glance.

When Midnight joins him again, she has her eyes narrowed, clearly trying to figure out what he’s up to.

“… What would you have me do next, sir? Shall I get down on my knees and use my mouth to pleasure you?”

“No.”

Before Midnight can do more than begin to pout, Izuku tilts his head towards the UA Teacher’s kitchen.

“Do you keep your refrigerator freshly stocked?”

Glancing over at it, Midnight slowly nods.

“Yes sir.”

“Then make us dinner.”

For the first time, Midnight hesitates, a flash of something appearing on her face as she fidgets in place.

“I… I’m not a very good cook, sir.”

Izuku raises both eyebrows at that before grinning a little bit.

“Did I ask?”

Watching her jolt at his reply is kind of hilarious. Finally, she seems to get what he’s doing.

“Are you trying to domesticate me, sir?”

Tilting his head to the side in amusement, Izuku hums.

“I thought I could have you in whatever way I wanted you for the rest of the evening. Well, what I want right now is for you to go over and use that kitchen of yours to make us something. Preferably something edible, even if you doubt your own skills.”

Midnight bites her lower lip for a moment… before finally nodding.

“Of course, sir.”

He watches her walk into her own kitchen completely nude. And then he watches as she grabs an apron that hilariously enough says ‘Kiss the Cook’ on it. As she puts it on, she makes sure to give him a show, twirling this way and that once it’s in place and barely containing her massive bust.

“Like what you see, sir?”

But Izuku, while he is enjoying himself quite a lot, gives Midnight little in response. Instead, he just raises an eyebrow again.

“I’m not seeing much in the way of cooking, so no.”

At this point, Midnight definitely understands that he’s fucking with her. She pouts at him as strongly as ever, before finally moving to the fridge. As she starts to pull out ingredients however, she makes sure to bend over nicely, proceeding to give him even more of a show than before as the cooking begins.

Given her lack of confidence as a cook, Izuku would be lying if he said he wasn’t curious what she would try to do. In the end though, he probably should have guessed. She goes for eggs, even though it’s dinner time. Eggs, breakfast sausage, cheese… and tortillas to top it all off.

Breakfast Burritos for dinner. Izuku can’t help but crack a grin at the audacity, but hey… food is food. And if it works, it works. In this case, pretty much anyone who knew how to crack an egg and cook it could make a proper breakfast burrito. Especially since the sausage came precooked.

The ease of what she’s chosen to craft for them also means Midnight can focus a lot on trying to make him come over and fuck her while she works. It’s obvious from her hypnotic motions and tempting hip swivels that that’s what she expects, even if it’s not what he intends. She’s all but anticipating him, hoping that by teasing him enough, she can get him to pound her silly over her own oven. To fuck her pussy while she scrambles the eggs and sausage together and then puts them in the tortilla with the cheese and proceeds to cook that too.

He likes himself a good breakfast burrito, really. So he doesn’t at any point order her to stop and make him something else. But nor does Izuku move over to grab her by the hips and sheath himself inside of her at any point either. Unfortunately for poor Midnight, he’s already had her once. He doesn’t need her again unless he chooses to take her again.

Eventually, they sit down for dinner at Midnight’s dining table. The naked R-Rated Hero tries to rub her foot along his leg but Izuku puts a stop to that with a simple ‘no’. Much to her consternation, they eat without any sexual games or anything. Though to be fair, it’s also been a very long, exhausting day for both of them… so their breakfast burritos go down fast and their plates are soon completely clean.

Which is when Midnight surprises him, just a little bit, and finally changes tacks.

“… Please sir. If you want, you could spend the night in my bed with me. Even if we didn’t do anything more… I’d love to warm you up with my body.”

Thrusting out her tits at the same time, Midnight gives him a lidded gaze. Izuku, meanwhile, is mildly impressed. She’d figured it out… his intentions to just leave her hanging and wanting more.

He’d fucked her once, but obviously she knew he could fuck her all night long if he chose. Except he wasn’t going to do that so long as she was still challenging him to do so, even from a supposed position of submission. Ultimately, this was the one move Midnight had left to her. Complete and total submission before he finally left her hanging.

It was certainly tempting to spend the night with Midnight’s soft, voluptuous body draped over his own like a blanket. But it was also tempting to fuck her for the rest of the night and leave her twitching and gurgling on her own spit come morning. Temptations did not control him. In the end, whatever his decision, it would BE his decision.

Still… what was it going to be?
Chapter 74: Spending the Night
Chapter Text

A/N: Izuku gives Midnight the plowing she needs. And then...

-x-X-x-

In the end, Izuku pretends to consider Midnight’s words for a moment, before finally shrugging.

“Sure, I’ll spend the night.”

His nonchalant agreement causes the R-Rated Heroine to light up and bright considerably. Ultimately, he watches as Midnight strips off her apron, once again leaving her entirely naked. Then, she takes him by the hand, gently and submissively leading him down the hall to her bedroom.

Demure and innocent are not words that could normally be used to describe Midnight. And yet, she was doing her best to give that effect right now, which in turn was quite the sinful combination when matched alongside her incredibly gorgeous body. Her bountiful breasts, wide flared hips, fat ass, and thicc thighs, all combined with her attempt to be as delicate and maiden-like as possible.

Izuku has no doubt that it’s another trap, of course. Not the bad kind of trap, but he knows Midnight simply can’t help herself. She won’t be able to resist tempting and teasing him with her body all night long if he really does just try to cuddle with her. After all, it’s what Izuku will be doing just by existing to her, edging Midnight with the mere presence of his cock. She won’t be able to hold herself back from retaliating, obviously.

And while Izuku has plenty of ways to no-sell her efforts and keep her from doing anything but curling up at his side all night long, no matter how torturous the hardcore, perverted woman finds the experience… he decides to go a different route.

Instead, as they approach Midnight’s bed, Izuku whips his hand out and grabs her by the back of her neck, slamming her face down into the soft mattress rather roughly. It doesn’t hurt her, but it does catch her off guard and surprise her, especially when he thrusts his cock into her wet cunt from behind again, sheathing his shaft inside of her.

Keeping her face down on her own bed, Izuku muffles her moans and keeps her from actually saying anything of substance as he begins to fuck her. His cock plowing in and out of her pussy also makes it hard for her to get a word in edgewise, especially with how his alternating thrusts and constantly shifting motions are no doubt driving her to distraction.

That doesn’t stop her from reacting though. There are the aforementioned muffled moans, squeals, and cries. And then there’s her body. Her oh so sinful, completely helpless body. Her pussy walls tighten around his cock, flexing down rapidly as he stretches her out and reshapes her cunt into the shape of his massive member once more. Midnight is cumming in mere moments for him, her orgasms causing her to spasm and shake.

Meanwhile, her hands claw at the bedding on either side of her head as he forces her down while he fucks her. She’s all but kneading at the duvet like a cat in heat. And finally, her legs kick in the air as her toes curl in ecstasy, her entire body reacting in shock to his forcefulness, especially when she’d been completely certain he was planning on leaving her hanging.

That was, of course, why he was doing things this way. To truly catch the incredibly experienced pervert off-guard. She’d assumed he was going to leave her wanting more, and that she would have to eventually come crawling to him begging for more. But while that was the original plan, Izuku was nothing if not adaptable.

PLAP! PLAP! PLAP!

As squelching sounds fill the air right alongside the noises of flesh impacting flesh, Izuku growls and picks up the pace some more… which only intensifies Midnight’s muffled squeals and causes her to cum even harder around his cock. He’s fucking her with punishing, bruising intensity right now, and she’s loving every last bit of it like the masochist she is. The harder he pounds into her, the more she gets off on it, finding the pain to be every bit as exquisite as the pleasure.

Needless to say, Izuku doesn’t waste any time taking advantage of that. Both of his hands grab her by her shoulders, continuing to hold her down. Face down, ass up… that’s the only way Midnight deserves to be truly fucked.

Until finally, Izuku cums with a groan, emptying his balls inside of the R-Rated Heroine. Only… he doesn’t bother stopping there. He flips her over onto her back after sliding his dick out of her twat, and then proceeds to push his messy cock between the valley of her tits and into her mouth, a fistful of her hair making sure she’s bobbing up and down on his dick even if she’s still recovering from the creampie.

Things proceed at a similar pace from there. He never really gives Midnight a chance to recover. Sleep is nice, but not a necessity for someone like him… so instead he fucks the beautiful older woman all through the night; to really drive home the point he’s probably already gotten through her head anyways. He’s not just some brat who’s in over his head. And she has absolutely no power in their relationship.

As the sun rises over the horizon, Midnight’s bed is in ruins. The frame is still intact, made of a tough material that wasn’t easily broken by more… enthusiastic activities. But the sheets and duvet are a total lost cause, and the mattress itself… well, Izuku thinks Midnight will be better off replacing it rather than trying to recover it. He hadn’t exactly been gentle.

Speaking of not being gentle, Midnight herself isn’t in that much better of a state. The UA Teacher has been left twitching and gurgling on her own spit, just like Izuku had quietly promised himself. Her eyes are closed and she’s basically passed out at this point… except every once in a while, a post-orgasmic tremble or spasm will go through her body.

Snorting at the state he’s left her in, Izuku knows she’ll recover before the day’s end. Fortunately for her, it’s the weekend so she wouldn’t be expected for classes at UA or anything like that until Monday. Unfortunately for her, he’d definitely ruined other men for her after this. More than that, he might have just ruined other forms of sex for her as well.

Before their altercation, Midnight had clearly been a Switch who leaned more towards Dominatrix than Submissive. Now though? Izuku wasn’t sure if she would be able to ever even think along the lines of a domme again, let alone go to another man to take care of her obviously heavy needs. Had he probably just tied the likely nymphomaniac to him for the rest of their lives? Yeah, probably. And yet, he couldn’t really bring himself to mind all that much.

Writing out a quick note letting Midnight know that he’d left and that he wished her a speedy ‘recovery’, Izuku leaves her house at around nine in the morning, a smile on his face as he chuckles at the night well spent. Despite not getting a wink of sleep, he finds himself feeling rather relaxed and content in that moment… which is when his phone suddenly rings.

Tilting his head to the side curiously, Izuku pulls out his phone and sees that it’s Nana calling. Raising an eyebrow, he nevertheless smiles a little broader, even as he answers the call.

“Yes? What is it?”

There’s a brief pause on the other end of the line… and then Nana speaks, her voice solemn and controlled.

“Yagi passed away in the night.”

Izuku pauses there outside of Midnight’s house, having to take a moment to assimilate the news. All Might was dead. All Might was dead?! He… honestly didn’t know how to even react to that. The man had been on death’s door for most of Izuku’s life, even if nobody knew it. And then, back at the start of the year, he’d suffered greatly at learning the truth about Izuku, his father, and Nana. So yeah, it wasn’t like Izuku hadn’t known the Pro Hero was on his way out.

Especially after that last meeting before the Sports Festival. All Might had wanted Izuku to win the Sports Festival and then use his victory to announce that he would be the ‘next All Might’, that he would one day become the new ‘Pillar of Peace’. Izuku had tried to let the man down gently… and he felt like he’d succeeded too.

He hadn’t told All Might the entire truth about his circumstances of course. He hadn’t told the other man that he and his father had conspired to steal One for All out from under him by convincing All Might to part with it willingly. But he had told All Might his true opinion of the broken state of this world and more specifically, Pro Heroics. He’d been quite clear that he wouldn’t be the next All Might, and that he was planning to build something different… something stronger.

Izuku had come away with that conversation under the impression that while All Might didn’t wholly agree with his plans, he didn’t think they were truly that terrible… and that he was hopeful Izuku would be able to succeed in his goals all the same. But now, in this moment, Izuku finds himself wondering if he’d hastened the man’s demise somehow…

“Why wasn’t I informed? I would have liked to be there, Nana.”

He can’t quite help the tone of reproach. Nana, meanwhile, sounds apologetic in her reply, but she has a good excuse.

“I’m afraid no one was there, in the end. He died in his sleep and was only discovered about an hour ago. I called to let you know as soon as I was told.”

Of course. Nana would never dream of doing otherwise, he shouldn’t have expected anything less from her. Letting out an explosive sigh, Izuku shakes his head, just a little bit baffled by… well, by the banality of it all. The Number One Pro Hero dying in his sleep was… ridiculous on the face of it.

All Might was the kind of man who was larger than life itself. The only ways Izuku could have fathomed him dying were on the field of battle in one last display of heroics, or surrounded by his closest allies, friends, and family, all of them watching as he passed away. For all Izuku’s problems with the societal decay that the Symbol of Peace had come to represent and inadvertently prop up, he’d had no real problems with the man himself. Not in the way his father had. And now… both of them were gone. Izuku was all that was left of them, in the end.

“I did speak with him one last time before he went to sleep last night. I didn’t know it was going to be our final opportunity to talk.”

Izuku blinks, pulled out of his thoughts by Nana’s somber voice. Of course… this would be hitting her even harder than it was hitting him, wouldn’t it be?

“He was proud of you though. He told me as much after watching how you handled yourself in the Sports Festival. He was proud of all you accomplished. He told me… that things were in safe hands.”

… So then, Izuku had killed the man after all. Not directly, not intentionally, but there was no denying how things had turned out. All Might had been hanging on by a thread for years, and that thread had only become more and more frayed in these past several months. Until finally, he decided he didn’t have to hold on anymore. Because even if Izuku had said he wasn’t going to take All Might’s place like the other man wanted him to, he was still there to pick up the pieces.

Izuku… was at peace with that, truth be told. He’d had to make peace with the things he’d done and the part he’d played a long time ago. First he’d killed his own father, albeit at the man’s urging. And then he’d played a part in hastening All Might’s demise as well. There was simply no denying his role, especially seeing as there was probably a chance Izuku could have done something to help All Might if he’d dug deeper into his library of Quirks.

At the end of the day, healing All Might completely probably wasn’t possible, but helping him to recover and live for another few years… well, that would likely have been within Izuku’s reach. He hadn’t done that though. In the end, All Might’s death was always part of the plan.

But of course, he doesn’t say that now, especially not to Nana. Her loyalty might be to him and him alone now, but Yagi had still been her student, her successor. Swallowing hard, Izuku finally speaks.

“Thank you for that, Nana. I appreciate it. And… I’m sorry for your loss.”

“… Can we meet?”

Here, Izuku smiles softly. Nana sounds almost vulnerable as she asks, hesitation filling her normally strong voice. She doesn’t want to presume, but he’s glad she asks all the same.

“Of course.”

They’ll spend the rest of the day together. No sex involved, just honest companionship. Izuku listens as Nana tells him some stories about a younger Yagi, what the blond man was like when he was Izuku’s age and her protégé. It’s a small price to pay, in the end. The world Izuku intends to build isn’t one that had room for All Might in it. But that doesn’t mean he can’t remember the man behind the mask and honor him, in his own way.

Of course, there’s going to be a funeral. A small affair, given most people don’t even know who Yagi really was. But Izuku, as his successor, will be expected to attend. One last ceremony, symbolizing the end of the old and the beginning of the new…

But did he really want to go? Maybe he could attend but not say anything?
Chapter 75: The Funeral
Chapter Text

A/N: Funeral Time.

Also, I realize I've been talking about this on my other websites but forgot to mention it here: This story is going on a semi-permanent hiatus as of Chapter 77. I'm going to basically have an open ending of sorts, but I don't expect to pick this story back up at this time. So yeah, two chapters left now.

-x-X-x-

The funeral for Yagi Toshinori, aka All Might, is as small and quiet of an affair as Izuku was anticipating. Honestly, he almost feels like he doesn’t even belong here. He’s certainly the youngest person in attendance, with everyone else ranging from young adult to old as dirt in comparison.

The news of All Might’s death had yet to be released. Instead, his ‘retirement’ had been announced as planned two weeks after the Sports Festival, to pretty much no one’s surprise but everyone’s dismay.

It couldn’t be helped. He’d been showing up less and less anyways in his heroic persona, and everyone likely had their suspicions to why that was. His inner circle might have kept the bloodhounds at bay wherever possible, but that didn’t mean that people hadn’t come up with their own rumors.

With that, Endeavor’s ascension to Number One Pro Hero had occurred without incident as well, though Nana had told Izuku that the man was not aware All Might was gone completely. Obviously, the new Number One Pro Hero wasn’t here today either. No, this was far too private of an affair for that.

Funnily enough, Izuku knew everyone in attendance. Not because All Might introduced them to him, because most of them he hadn’t… but rather, because Izuku had done his research and he’d done it well. With his father’s help, Izuku had spent literal years studying his target, sifting through Yagi’s life, putting together dossier after dossier and profile after profile of both the man and his closest allies.

He knew everyone whose lives All Might had even slightly touched upon. He knew them all like the back of his hand, absorbing information about them and their connections to the Symbol of Peace like a sponge. Anything and everything that might help Izuku properly subvert All Might and ultimately trick him into willingly handing over his Quirk to his protégé… and his greatest enemy’s son.

There was Nana Shimura, of course. All Might’s mentor. Izuku probably knew her the best out of everyone here, given their very close relationship. Still, before she’d been his confidant and lover, Nana Shimura had been All Might’s mentor and the seventh user of One for All.

After her was Nezu, the non-human Principal of UA. The relationship between the inhuman Principal and Yagi was more professional than personal… but at the same time, had also been personal enough for Nezu to know All Might’s great secret, the truth about his ailing health.

Before Yagi had found out that Izuku was in fact All for One’s son and had been ‘forced’ to kill his own father, All Might was actually set to become a teacher at UA. He had been intending to work hand in hand with Nezu to not only continue training Izuku as his successor, but also the next generation of heroes that Izuku would be coming up with.

Following Nezu is another ‘representative’ of UA in the form of Chiyo Shuzenji… though most know the short old woman by her hero name Recovery Girl. Recovery Girl and All Might had a long history together as well, mostly on account of her being his primary physician after the grievous injury he suffered in his final battle against Izuku’s father.

Recovery Girl’s Quirk, ‘Heal’, was incredibly powerful and All for One had confided in Izuku that he’d considered stealing it many a time before ultimately deciding not to specifically because they needed the old woman to continue tending to All Might in order to keep him alive long enough for him to willingly transfer his Quirk to Izuku.

Truth be told, Izuku had thought about waiting until she was on her death bed before approaching her and simply requesting her Quirk so it could continue to do good even after her death. But for all the grief shown on her aged face today, she still stood rather strong and Izuku could tell that she had some years left in her even now.

After Recovery Girl comes Sorahiko Torino, aka Gran Torino. A retired Pro Hero, formerly a teacher at UA High School, and one of All Might’s mentors alongside Nana Shimura. Heh, apparently his training methods were so harsh and unyielding that they’d left an indelible mark on even All Might’s psyche. The few times that Izuku had complained during his ten months of ‘training’ at All Might’s hands (always a calculated move to make himself seem more genuine of course) the Symbol of Peace had just shaken his head and shuddered with a haunted look in his eye while telling Izuku he was getting off ease.

That, apparently, was because of Gran Torino, though regardless of the retired Pro Hero’s methods, he was nevertheless a man who had cared deeply for Yagi. Even Gran Torino’s front-facing personality, that ‘dumb act’ of his, had apparently inspired the personality Yagi showed the world as All Might. Of course, today Torino was showing nothing but solemn grief, his hands clasping the top of his walking stick.

Next to Gran Torino, on the opposite side of the age spectrum, is Mirai Sasaki, aka Sir Nighteye. All Might’s former sidekick. But that was doing a true disservice to their relationship, as Izuku well knew. Sir Nighteye was often said to be the brains behind the operation so to speak, but even that didn’t tell the full story.

Rather, Nighteye had an interesting Quirk called Foresight that allowed him to see another person’s future. It required touch so Izuku wasn’t worried about being uncovered or anything like that, but he could still acknowledge that Nighteye’s power had likely been of great assistance to All Might over the years… at least back when they were still talking.

Ultimately, the two men had had a falling out after Yagi’s injury, and when Yagi hadn’t listened to Mirai’s impassioned pleas to find a successor and retire sooner rather than later, it had led to their parting of ways. Izuku had to admit, when he’d uncovered that juicy bit of gossip during his extended ‘research’ (aka stalking and spying) he’d been surprised and relieved. If All Might HAD listened to Nighteye, then his and his father’s plan would never have worked.

After Nighteye is an interesting individual, one that has a far more recent connection to All Might. Well, five years wasn’t exactly recent, but it was still more recent than almost anyone in this room save for Izuku himself.

Naomasa Tsukauchi had been working with All Might for quite some time now, and Yagi himself had named him the ‘best cop there is’. The two were quite close both professionally and personally, with a strong friendship but also the sort of relationship where Naomasa had handed All Might information on certain matters that were technically confidential police business without a second thought.

Izuku had thoughts about whether that relationship, at least the professional side of things, might be transferred over from Yagi to him now that the former was gone, but he didn’t think that Yagi’s funeral was the best place to figure that out. And truth be told, he had his own sources, inherited from his father, to give him the information he might need. There was no reason to strongarm a good detective like Naomasa into working with him if he didn’t have to.

And then there was the attendee from All Might’s time in America. David Shield was a world-renowned scientist who created Support Items for Pro Heroes from the artificial moving island known as I-Island. Along with over ten thousand other scientists, David conducted research into Quirks. Someday, Izuku hoped to visit I-Island himself… it sounded like paradise to be honest.

But before that, David Shield was Yagi Toshinori’s partner and closest friend while in America after All Might saved him from a building fire when they were both much younger. David was the one who designed his earliest costumes all the way up to his final costume in recent times.

He, even more than Naomasa, was someone that Izuku had to admit, he was considering trying to build a rapport with, even if it required him using their shared connection to All Might to do it. It was just too bad David’s daughter, Melissa Shield, wasn’t here for Izuku to chat up seeing as the young support engineer was closer to his age. But at the same time, Izuku understood why. Melissa hadn’t even been aware of Yagi’s injury like her father was, and she definitely wouldn’t have been informed of his death yet.

All in all, it really is a very small affair, Yagi’s funeral. His closest allies and friends, the people who ‘knew’ about his injury and that his struggles with it had escalated to the point of impossibility in the past several months.

It wouldn’t have felt right for anyone else to attend if Izuku was being honest… hell, it barely felt right for him to attend. But then, none of them knew why that would be. In their eyes, Izuku Midoriya was All Might’s protégé, his mentee. He was both the last young man that All Might had taken under his wing, as well as the person that All Might had entrusted his secret transferable Quirk to.

As far as they were all concerned, Izuku Midoriya was Yagi Toshinori’s successor. What they didn’t and could not be allowed to understand was that he was even more his father’s. At the end of the day, for all that Izuku had learned a lot from All Might and their time together, he’d ultimately been using the Symbol of Peace for his own ends. He’d learned a lot more from his father and gained a lot more as well.

Every Quirk his father had ever claimed, including One for All itself, now resided within Izuku. All of his father’s power, all of Yagi’s power… combined in one vessel, him. And truth be told, comparing the two… it wasn’t even close. All for One beat out One for All by a country mile in terms of sheer versatility, not that Izuku was complaining about having either.

Still, his entire relationship with Yagi Toshinori was built on a series of lies. That was why ultimately, he hadn’t been able to bring himself to speak at this funeral. He was sat upfront with Nana in the small, unassuming chapel, but he’d already told her and those involved that he wouldn’t be saying anything. That he didn’t have anything to say, really.

Was that a bad idea? Perhaps. It might make certain attendees a little suspicious of him, in fact. All Might’s successor, not even speaking at his funeral? What was that about? He knew it wasn’t the most intelligent move. He knew it wasn’t the most political move either. If he truly wanted to manipulate the people in this room to view him favorably, he definitely should have played it all up some more.

… But he wasn’t, because at the end of the day, Izuku had decided Yagi deserved some level of honesty in death if not in life. He wouldn’t speak at Yagi’s funeral because he didn’t deserve to, plain and simple. Because ultimately, while he fully intended to use his power to make the world a better place in the long run, he’d still lied, stolen, and killed to get where he was today and he knew if Yagi had known half of Izuku’s true nature, he wouldn’t have been able to abide by it.

And so, out of respect for the Symbol of Peace, Izuku would stay quiet. Even if it ultimately cost him in the short or long term.

Almost everyone else speaks, of course. They all have different stories of both Yagi and All Might to tell. Interesting little tidbits. Some of it Izuku already knows, stalker that he was. Some of it is more personal details that even he hadn’t uncovered. None of it is necessarily actionable intelligence, but it does fill in the last remaining holes in his view of Yagi as a person.

There are tears. There are smiles. There’s laughter in some instances and sobbing in others. Nana, when she’s done, comes back and leans on Izuku’s shoulder. He puts an arm around her, quietly comforting her as she grieves, as she’s been doing ever since Yagi’s death.

Yagi Toshinori touched a lot of lives in his time as All Might, but none more so than the people in this room, Izuku found himself thinking. And as the last of them are done speaking and the funeral service comes to a close, Izuku finds himself uncertain of whether to leave or not. There seem to be hushed conversations between the other attendees, whether they’re sharing more personal anecdotes or what. Meanwhile, Nana remains pressed into his side, seeking comfort in his presence.

Before he can make a decision, one of the others approaches him and Nana.
Chapter 76: The Offer
Chapter Text

A/N: David and Izuku quickly become total bros.

Reminder that next chapter will be the final chapter as this story sunsets on an open ending.

-x-X-x-

“Hey there! I’m-!”

“David Shield. You really don’t need any introduction sir.”

Blinking in surprise as Izuku calls him by name before he can give it, David looks a little shocked for a moment before laughing sheepishly.

“Aha, well… I guess Yagi must have mentioned me? And of course, I know who you are. Izuku Midoriya. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”

Izuku briefly considers telling him the truth. No, All Might hadn’t actually ever talked about David with Izuku. He didn’t quite know why that was, maybe it just hadn’t ever come up or something. But rather than say that outright, Izuku smiles and offers the scientist his hand for a handshake. The words that come out of his mouth are still the truth in the end.

“The pleasure is all mine, Mr. Shield. Your work, not just with All Might but also others, has been an inspiration to read about and see in action. From the costumes to the gadgets, your inventions have saved just as many lives as All Might did… if not more so.”

Now David doesn’t just look surprised or shocked, he looks completely stun locked as he absently takes Izuku’s hand and shakes it. For a long moment, silence hangs between them as the poor man slowly processes Izuku’s words. Finally letting out another sheepish laugh, he pulls his hand back and runs it through his hair.

“Sheesh… why didn’t you speak up during the funeral, kid? You certainly have a way with words, don’t you?”

Looking almost embarrassed now, David glances to the side while scratching at his cheek. Which is good, because it means Izuku can take a moment to collect himself after being called out so fast on that part. In the end, what can he say in his own defense?

“… It didn’t feel like I’d earned the right, if I’m being honest.”

That probably sounded self-deprecating as hell to someone who didn’t know the true nature behind Izuku and All Might’s relationship. It certainly seems to land with David Shield that way, even if Izuku didn’t necessarily intend it to. The Quirk Researcher looks taken aback for a moment before peering at Izuku much more closely than before.

“You know, originally I just intended to introduce myself to you and give my condolences, Mister Midoriya… but… would you maybe like to get out of here and go and get some food together? I know Yagi wouldn’t have wanted us to spend the whole day wallowing around because he was gone.”

Izuku tilts his head to the side at the offer, considering it and reading between the lines. He knew for a fact that there were others in this small chapel that had wanted to talk to him. And he got the impression that David knew that as well. So to have the scientist offering to take him for a bite to eat… well, that was pretty interesting. In the end, Izuku found himself rapidly warming up to the idea, until finally he nods with a smile on his face.

“I’d like that Mister Shield. I’d like that a lot. Ah, can Nana come too, please?”

“Oh, of course! And please, call me David.”

“Very well. So long as you call me Izuku.”

-x-X-x-

“Ahaha! Not bad, Izuku, not bad!”

“Thank you, I do try.”

A few hours later, Izuku finds himself at a Sushi Bar with David Shield and Nana Shimura. They’ve eaten their fill at this point and have mostly just been sitting and talking shop really. For all Izuku’s power, for all his ultimate goal of becoming the Number One Pro Hero sometime in the future… he couldn’t deny his true nature.

Deep down inside, in his heart of hearts, Izuku was the kind of person who loved talking about Quirks and all their… well, quirks. Dissecting a Quirk, getting into the minutiae of its intricacies, Izuku rather lived for such things. He hadn’t had the opportunity to play around in that sort of way since Himiko, so talking to David Shield about his passion was... well, it was fantastic.

Especially because David was just so damn smart. The man didn’t have any sort of intelligence Quirk or anything like that. His Quirk was called ‘Squirmy Fingers’ and it was precisely what it sounded like. It allowed him to bend his fingers farther than any normal human being could, and he used it for his precision work on the things he created for Pro Heroes.

But his Quirk didn’t necessarily do anything that technology couldn’t replicate. Rather, it was David Shield’s mind that was his greatest asset. Everything he made, everything he invented, it came from his perfectly normal but genius brain. No Quirks needed.

It was quite amazing, and Izuku was half-tempted to give David one of the several Intelligence Quirks he was holding onto, just to see what sort of heights the scientist and inventor could truly reach. However, that was out of the question. Not only did David still not actually know that One for All was transferable, but he also didn’t know Izuku’s father was All for One, the very man who grievously injured All Might in the first place.

Still, he’d greatly enjoyed the afternoon and evening spent discussing things with David. Even Nana, who hadn’t had much to say, had had a smile on her face the entire time as she’d watched them talk from the sidelines. And, apparently David himself felt similarly, because as the man finally comes down from his most recent bout of laughter, he lets out a sigh and pushes his glasses up the bridge of his nose.

“You really aren’t anything like I was expecting from Yagi’s successor, Izuku.”

That was because Izuku wasn’t truly Yagi’s successor… he was his father’s. Still, he can’t say that. Instead he just smiles and shrugs haplessly, as if to say ‘I am who I am’. David chuckles at this and then leans forward.

“You know what happens after the Sports Festival, right? Pro Heroes will be vying for the right to have you or your classmates intern under them. They’ll send out offers to all of Class 1-A and Class 1-B, and the next couple of weeks will be dedicated to getting you lot some work experience as sidekicks out in the field.”

Izuku inclines his head in wordless acknowledgement. Yes, he was aware.

“… I suspect that I probably upset Sir Nighteye and Gran Torino back at the funeral. I imagine if I had just introduced myself and then bowed out like I originally planned, they would have been the ones to approach you next about getting you to intern under them in the coming weeks. With Gran Torino as one of All Might’s mentors and Sir Nighteye as his former sidekick, they would probably be some of the best suited for you to work under.”

He’d thought about that as well, though ultimately he’d dismissed the idea. Even if David hadn’t invited him here, he probably would have turned down both Sir Nighteye and Gran Torino, even if they’d approached him from different angles or something. It wasn’t like Izuku would be hurting for offers, after all. As the winner of the Sports Festival, he would be inundated with correspondence the moment he actually paid attention to it all, he suspected.

“However, after spending this afternoon with you, I don’t think that’s the case anymore.”

Oh? David agreed with him? Izuku raises an eyebrow, even as the inventor smiles sheepishly and shrugs.

“They’re good people, Izuku, don’t get me wrong. And also good Pro Heroes. But… I don’t know if interning under a Pro Hero is actually what you need at this point.”

Huh? What was he talking about? What other options were there?

“Your performance in the Sports Festival was exemplary, you know? Probably broke some long held records or something, though I wouldn’t know any specifics. Still, you impressed everyone. However, after talking to you these past few hours, I get the impression that you’ve been… limiting yourself.”

Oh? Had David noticed how much Izuku was holding back? But no, as it turns out, that’s not what the scientist means.

“You’ve been so focused on your future as a Pro Hero that you’ve let your true passions languish, Izuku. I’ve never seen a young mind as brilliant as yours. The idea that you might never engage in proper, professional Quirk Research because you’re too busy working as a Pro Hero honestly pains me. Yagi… Yagi was the Quintessential Warrior. He achieved fulfillment through constant battle, be it against villains or disasters. He got his satisfaction from saving people.”

David stares at Izuku intently, even as Izuku gazes back, feeling a bit lost at this point. Where exactly was the other man going with all of this?

“I don’t get the impression that the same holds true for you. That’s why… I want to make you an offer. I know it’ll sound ridiculous, and feel free to tell me I’m off my rocker… but instead of interning with a Pro Hero here in Japan, why don’t you come intern with me on I-Island?”

David’s offer causes both Izuku and Nana to blink in unison. It’s so out of left field… except at the same time, it’s really not is it? Because it if was truly out of the question, Izuku would have immediately rejected the idea, albeit as gently as possible. Instead, he finds himself considering it, much to his own shock.

“… It would cause quite the kerfuffle. As you said, every Pro Hero in Japan basically wants a piece of me after how the Sports Festival went.”

David chuckles and nods, unable to deny it. He doesn’t try to defend his idea, but he also doesn’t try to rescind the offer either. Instead he watches Izuku with a soft smile, as though he can see what’s going through Izuku’s head. Maybe that’s why the younger man continues to voice his thoughts out loud.

“Lots of people would be upset. They would all wonder what the hell the most promising future Pro Hero in history is doing ‘wasting’ his time working with a former sidekick and support item developer.”

Humming, David nods again.

“Even if you accepted my offer, it’s not like it would stop you from going on to become the next Number One Pro Hero though, no matter what those types of people think of you. But it WOULD give you a chance to explore what truly makes you happy… and perhaps give you a more well-rounded base for your future as a Pro Hero as well.”

He’s not wrong. And maybe that’s why Izuku finds himself actually considering the idea. It would be a nice way of sidestepping the upcoming headache too. Pretty much everyone probably expects him to either accept an offer from one of the top ten Pro Heroes, or from Gran Torino or Sir Nighteye because of his connections to All Might.

No matter what, he’s probably going to offend someone whoever he winds up choosing. So why not offend everyone? Why not bail on Japan entirely and go spend time on I-Island, learning at the feet of David Shield, one of the world’s premier scientists and inventors?

God, the idea was downright intoxicating, Izuku had to admit. But…

“Can I have some time to think about it?”

David blinks and then lets out a startled laugh.

“Of course! I wasn’t expecting you to give me your answer right now anyways, Izuku. Take a day or two and get back to me, and like I said before, feel free to tell me no, it won’t hurt my feelings whatsoever. This isn’t about me, but about you… I just don’t want to see your potential as a researcher and Quirk Enthusiast wasted by the expectations others have for you.”

From there, they finally get up to leave the Sushi Bar, with David magnanimously settling the bill and then parting ways with Izuku and Nana outside. As he walks away from the restaurant with Nana at his side, Izuku finds himself frowning, contemplating David’s idea. In the end, he glances over at his ever-present shadow.

“… What do you think? Should I accept David’s offer?”

Smiling softly at him, Nana Shimura just shakes her head.

“I think you should do whatever makes you happy, Izuku. Whatever you decide, I’ll support you every step of the way. Do you wish to go to I-Island and learn under Mr. Shield?”

Izuku considers the question, knowing that it’s an earnest one. And so he gives an earnest answer.

“Part of me does, yes. Part of me wants to go to I-Island very, very much. It’s… well, it’s an interesting offer, isn’t it? Something unexpected. And yet, part of me feels like it might disrupt the things I have here, even if it’s only for a few weeks.”

But in actuality, Izuku knew that it wouldn’t be as disruptive as he was worrying it would be. Ultimately, he was very good at delegation… better than either All Might or his father had been, that was for sure. Everything wouldn’t go to shit just because he left Japan for a little while. And sure, there would be those upset that he’d run off to I-Island instead of sticking around and being THEIR sidekick specifically… but fuck ‘em.

Izuku blinks and then lets out a little laugh of surprise.

“Heh. I guess I’ve already made my decision. I’m going to take David up on his offer after all.”

Nana’s smile grows as she places a hand on his shoulder, giving it a reassuring squeeze. Her presence and support are special to him, and Izuku basks in the feeling of having made a decision for a moment. But then… he thinks of Momo. He should probably let her know before he goes. She is his girlfriend, after all.

… Hell, he could ask her to come with him. But she would probably agree without a second thought, and he’s not sure if it’s the right call for her like it is for him. Momo could gain a lot more by staying behind in Japan and learning under whichever Pro Hero she likes the best. After how she did at the Sports Festival, she’s sure to have her pick of the litter.

Asking her to come with him would be a purely selfish move, wouldn’t it? And yet, he’s still very tempted…
Chapter 77: To New Beginnings
Chapter Text

A/N: With this, The Successor is officially sunsetted, left with this open ending in the event that I ever want to come back to it.

Thanks for reading along everyone, been a wild ride.

-x-X-x-

“… So yeah. I know it’s a little disruptive, but I’ve decided to accept Mister Shield’s offer to join him for a while on I-Island. Not forever of course, I’ll definitely come back, but it’ll be for a while.”

Momo Yaoyorozu processes everything Izuku has just said and isn’t quite sure what to say in response. It was hard enough wrapping her head around the idea that her boyfriend had met THE David Shield at a funeral of all places… let alone processing that Izuku was going to intern with a scientist and inventor instead of a proper Pro Hero.

In the end, Momo does what feels right and goes to her safe space… namely, kneeling down in front of Izuku and unbuckling his belt, unbuttoning and unzipping his pants. Finally pulling out his cock, she quickly puts it in her mouth and begins to suck on it. Izuku stares down at her for a moment a bit nonplussed, before groaning in appreciation as she does that thing she knows he loves with her tongue.

“Fuck, Momo… seriously?”

Hey now! It’s not her fault he’s dropping bombshells on her! She needs more time to think. And as long as he isn’t grabbing her by the ponytail and pulling her back off of his cock, Momo is going to take every last minute of fellating him to do so. Bobbing up and down his member, sucking and slurping his dick like there’s no tomorrow, Momo contemplates what all of this means.

People weren’t going to be happy that Izuku was going to I-Island. He’d just won the UA Sports Festival, and not by the skin of his teeth either. While she’d very much noticed that he was holding back to allow others a chance to shine brightly as well, Izuku had still made it all look so damn easy. If the Sports Festival were a woman, then one might say Izuku bent it over and made it his bitch… like so many others.

Momo shivers a little in memory of all of the women that she’s gotten to see Izuku fuck since they met. It’s not a small amount, and it’s funny to think she’d gone from sneaking around and watching in vents to being his girlfriend and lover, the one who brought him other women to fuck.

Her pussy walls clench and she lets out a muffled moan around Izuku’s cock, before sucking it all the harder.

Obviously, her boyfriend had to have already thought about how pissed people were going to be. Every Pro Hero in the top one hundred probably wanted him to intern with them in the aftermath of the Sports Festival, and every Pro Hero in the top ten likely thought they had a real chance of getting him on board.

And now none of them would get him. They would all be equal in their failure to secure Izuku Midoriya as a feather in their proverbial caps. The thought actually causes a strange but not entirely negative feeling to well up in Momo’s chest. She likes it, she realizes. She likes the idea of Izuku snubbing all of them. Sure they’ll be angry, but when all of them are rejected the exact same way, how can they possibly express that anger?

It’s smart, after a fashion. Though there is the question of how this affects her… and their relationship. Izuku is leaving. Not forever, not even for a long time like years or anything, but he’s going to go away. Can Momo really accept that? Being apart from him for so long? She… doesn’t think she can. If he tells her to stay, she’ll stay. If he says he needs her here for whatever reason, then she won’t break down or beg or anything, because she’ll know it’s for the best. Since it would be his decision.

But… he hasn’t said that has he? He hasn’t mentioned her at all yet, merely explained meeting David Shield, and then explained the other man’s offer and his decision to accept it. So that meant… there was an opening here.

Mind made up, Momo pops off of Izuku’s cock and rises to her feet before gently pushing against his chest.

“L-Lay down on the bed.”

Izuku raises an eyebrow at her for that.

“Momo, I-!”

But she just places a finger on his lips, silencing her boyfriend for the first and probably last time. She can tell he’s surprised by the lack of submission she’s currently exhibiting. In the end, he shrugs and shucks off his shirt before removing his pants and boxers and climbing on the bed.

She tries not to get too distracted by his stripping, namely because she has some stripping of her own to do. Eventually, they’re both naked and Momo is climbing on top of him, grasping his throbbing, spit-polished mast by the base and holding it in place as she brings her pussy lips down upon the head of his huge member.

A moan leaves Momo’s mouth as she impales herself on Izuku’s cock, descending inch after inch down his shaft. In response, Izuku’s hands come up and grasp at her hips as he finishes hilting inside of her, the base of his cock kissed by her cunt lips.

“Momo…”

But Momo shakes her head.

“P-Please… let me say something first?”

She can’t bring herself to give him an order a second time, so it comes out as a question instead. Izuku wordlessly nods however, staring at her as she shudders on his cock, her breasts jiggling slightly in the process.

“I know it’s unbecoming of me as an heiress to an international conglomerate to say this… but you are my whole world, Izuku Midoriya. One day my mother will expect me to take over the company in her stead… and on that day I want to hand it over to you, just as I’ve handed over everything else that could be considered ‘mine’. I want to give it up to you on a silver platter, for you to do whatever you want with."

Her domineering boyfriend stares up at her intensely at those words, but still doesn’t speak. He can no doubt tell she’s not done. Momo bites her lower lip, gyrating her hips upon his cock, not quite riding him but also not content to just remain unmoving right now. Instead, she slowly circles her lower body as she speaks.

“Until then, I want to be by your side, always. As much as possible, I want to spend my life with you. Whether you would have me stand beside you or kneel at your feet, I don’t care. All I want is to be with you.”

Her pussy clenches at her own words, another soft moan leaving her lips. God, she loves Izuku so much.

“T-That’s why… if at all possible, I want you to take me with you to I-Island. Please… let me come along.”

Silence falls as Momo finishes her impassioned plea. For a long moment, Izuku just stared up at her. His gaze is as intense as ever, but frankly impossible for her to read. She has no idea what he’s thinking right now if she’s being honest. Is he upset with her for making this harder on him than it has to be? She certainly hopes not…

But just as the tension is growing so unbearable that Momo is considering retracting her request, Izuku cracks a grin… and then chuckles. And before she knows it, he’s pulling her down into a tongue-filled kiss while thrusting up into her from below and giving her a nice solid smack on the ass to get her moving.

“Mmph! Nnngh!”

Her startled squeak, followed by a wanton squeal, are both swallowed up by his lips as the combination of his movement and the spanking prompts Momo to start riding him properly. She swaps spit with Izuku as she bounces up and down on his cock, their tongues wrestling with one another all the while. His decisively comes out on top though, and even though she’s riding him and he’s beneath her, there’s no denying who’s in charge here as he easily dominates her from the bottom.

Momo’s eyes threaten to roll back in her head as the pleasure overwhelms her, one climax after another rippling through her sweaty, shuddering body. Izuku fucks her hard and fast once they get going, and she rides him just as hard, just as fast. Her pussy walls flex and clench around his pistoning prick while her rock hard nipples rub against his chiseled pectorals.

Until finally, he spins them both over, putting her on her back and under him… right where she belongs. Momo gasps as he leans back to grab her ankles and fold her legs up against her body. Framing her chest with them, he grunts as he starts fucking her even harder. Momo clings to him for dear life, eyes actually rolling back in her skull now as she cums again and again for him.

Is this his way of letting her down gently? If nothing else, at least Momo is confident he’s not mad at her. Sure, he might fuck her still, even if he was angry with her, but he wouldn’t be grinning the entire while. He wouldn’t have laughed, or so she hoped.

Finally, with a grunt, Izuku cums inside of her and Momo squeals as she climaxes around his cock one last time with a shivering, spasming shudder.

And then it’s over, and Izuku pulls out of her and flops onto his back at her side, staring up at the ceiling. For a moment, silence reigns and Momo is left wondering what that sort of answer to her question meant. Fortunately, Izuku isn’t so cruel as to leave her wondering for long.

“… I actually wanted to ask you to come with me all along, Momo.”

Despite just being on the receiving end of some truly tenderizing suck, Momo jolts and shoots up, leveraging herself on her elbow so she can turn and look at Izuku with wide, hopeful eyes.

“R-Really?”

Giving her a crooked smile, her boyfriend nods.

“Yeah. Was kind of beating myself up over it, because I was sure that letting you stay here in Japan to intern under a proper Pro Hero would be way better for you in the long run. Still think that. But… I guess I’m just too selfish, aren’t I?”

He punctuates his point by reaching up and gently but possessively caressing her cheek. Momo’s breath hitches and she leans into that touch, eyes drifting shut for half a moment… before they snap open again and she snorts derisively.

“Heh… it’s nice to know you’re not entirely perfect, Izuku.”

Even a man as singularly impressive as Izuku Midoriya could make mistakes, it seemed. When he gives her a confused look, Momo just stares back at him meaningfully.

“Izuku… what is my Quirk and how does it work?”

Of course, he’s still very, very smart. That’s all Momo has to say before Izuku’s eyes widen in realization.

“Oh… Oh!”

Momo giggles and nods, before dropping her head down onto her boyfriend’s chest. Boys could be so silly sometimes… but she still had the best one of all.

-x-X-x-

Good lord, he could sure be an idiot sometimes. Holding Momo’s naked body close to him as she cuddles into his side, Izuku Midoriya sighs.

Creation. That was Momo Yaoyorozu’s Quirk. It gave her the ability to create any non-living material from her body by transforming the molecular structure of her fat cells. As a result, the more she ate, the more she could do. Her Quirk was the reason Momo was so slim, though she was NOT slender, with her bust and hips not exactly diminished in any way by the fact that she was constantly burning fat to create things.

However, there was one other caveat to her Quirk that most didn’t know about. Not because it was any big secret, but just because it wasn’t something most thought about. However, Izuku had known about it… so he really only had himself to blame for not making the connection before.

Put simply, in order for Momo to use her Creation Quirk to make anything, she had to understand that thing on a deep level, down to the very molecular structure of the material or object. Effectively, her Quirk required her to be as smart as she was fast, as educated as she was brawny. She couldn’t use her Quirk to it’s full potential without extensive, intensive studying.

So of course she would benefit from an extended trip to I-Island just like he would. Hell, she might benefit more than he would, at least in the long run. Here Izuku had been thinking that he was being selfish and robbing Momo of a once in a lifetime opportunity of interning under a Pro Hero, but in reality, it was I-Island that might be the once in a lifetime opportunity for her.

In the end… his selfishness and greed were of benefit to them both. He and Momo would go to I-Island together, and they would learn so much more than they would have otherwise. All of the stuff that Pro Heroes could have taught them… that could wait. But the knowledge they would gain from I-Island and David Shield… now that was something truly special.

Izuku opens his mouth to apologize to Momo for being an idiot, and to thank her for helping him get his head on straight, only to stop and blink as he realizes she’s already fallen asleep. Nestled into him, the Yaoyorozu Heiress is slumbering like a babe, and even drooling a little bit already.

Sighing, Izuku looks up at the ceiling, contemplating both past and future. There was no other way to describe it… it certainly felt like between All Might’s death and his decision to take David Shield up on his offer, this was the end of a significant chapter in his life. But that wasn’t always a bad thing. When one thing ended, another began, and looking forward into the future… Izuku saw the way in which circumstances and his designs could coincide. He saw the myriad of manners in which his plans and goals could meet the ever-changing landscape of the world.

He might be leaving Japan for the time being, but much like All Might before him, it wouldn’t be forever. No. This was simply… goodbye for now.
Notes:

    I have a huge backlog of work on multiple other websites as well, so feel free to check me out there because it'll probably be a long time before I manage to transfer it all over to here, if that is indeed what I end up doing.

    QQ:
    https://forum.questionablequesting.com/members/cambrian.1638/
    HF:
    http://www.hentai-foundry.com/user/Cambrian/profile
    SH:
    https://www.scribblehub.com/profile/106852/cambrian/
    WN:
    https://www.webnovel.com/profile/4313892216?appId=10
    Twitter:
    https://twitter.com/Cambrian_s_Smut
    Reddit:
    https://www.reddit.com/r/CambrianBeckett/

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Bookmark Comments (734) 

Kudos

Pleebofthetrees, NekoBoiNeko, Aleksbolt, RandoCalrissian21, Actorius, Hnbutt, Colonalerror404, Pontoo, MrSir0, VivyFluorite, Bingus_B0ngus, Host1lekid, Vonlenz, TheImmortalCrow, Buzzardonic, OpenlyAnonymous, pessimistic_pandemic, Kitsune987, Skulls1077, Gamingnerd23, Cavemanalarm, PinkFaffin, Finn4081248, GravityJuice, Crazyinterpreter, kb1987546, TheEighthStar, Random404, Call_me_Jon, Kickass12, Lunar_Fox, Oli_Sloth_Art, Reevuspuff, Shadow_Wolf1997, Avalonaire, demoncet, DeZodi, Scallywaag, YourReaderHasEvolved, Siege_Weasel, Geriberto123, Xhennn, Kikyoulcl, Twitch_FX04, Nato027, Storphrax, ThatNarwhalWriter, RomeoDreamWriter, Ronal, Potofpancakes, and 1296 more users as well as 2260 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment
Comment as fictionfruit

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    Customize
        Default
        Low Vision Default
        Reversi
        Snow Blue
    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.410.2
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

