rsdte

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: words:100 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Share 

    Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Teen And Up Audiences 

Archive Warning:

        No Archive Warnings Apply 

Category:

        Gen 

Fandom:

        僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia 

Relationships:

        League of Villains & Midoriya IzukuMidoriya Izuku & Shigaraki Tomura | Shimura TenkoAizawa Shouta | Eraserhead & Midoriya IzukuClass 1-A & Midoriya IzukuMidoriya Izuku & Toga HimikoMidoriya Izuku & Sako Atsuhiro | Mr. CompressHikiishi Kenji | Magne & Midoriya IzukuBubaigawara Jin | Twice & Midoriya IzukuIguchi Shuuichi | Spinner & Midoriya IzukuKurogiri & Midoriya Izuku 

Characters:

        Midoriya IzukuShigaraki Tomura | Shimura TenkoDabi | Todoroki TouyaToga HimikoSako Atsuhiro | Mr. CompressBubaigawara Jin | TwiceHikiishi Kenji | MagneAizawa Shouta | EraserheadYagi Toshinori | All MightClass 1-A (My Hero Academia)Shuuzenji Chiyo | Recovery GirlIguchi Shuuichi | SpinnerKurogiri (My Hero Academia)Past One For All Users (My Hero Academia) 

Additional Tags:

        Midoriya Izuku Has One for All QuirkMidoriya Izuku Needs A HugMidoriya Izuku Needs TherapyYagi Toshinori | All Might BashingImplied/Referenced SuicideReferences to bullyingDepressed Midoriya IzukuAngstCrackLOV is concernedKurogiri makes teaCrack Treated SeriouslyMidoriya Izuku Has Chronic PainParental Kurogiri (My Hero Academia)Quirkless Discrimination (My Hero Academia)Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia Manga SpoilersFluff and HumorFluffFluff and AngstEmotional Hurt/ComfortBig Brother DabiInsomniac Midoriya IzukuAlternate Universe - Canon DivergenceConcerned Class 1-AProtective Class 1-A (My Hero Academia)Oblivious Yagi Toshinori | All MightTired MidoriyaSuicidal Midoriya IzukuImplied/Referenced Child AbuseMidoriya Inko’s Bad ParentingAbusive Midoriya InkoShuuzenji Chiyo | Recovery Girl BashingDadzawaProtective League of Villains (My Hero Academia)League of Villains Shenanigans (My Hero Academia)Emotional HurtIt Gets Worse Before It Gets BetterOne For All Quirk Haunted by Past One For All Users' Ghosts (My Hero Academia)Kurogiri is Shirakumo OboroProtective Aizawa Shouta | EraserheadMidoriya Izuku Has PTSDDissociationIzuku lays on the floorbackground erasermicSmart Midoriya IzukuLeague of Villains as Family (My Hero Academia)Suicidal ThoughtsMidoriya Izuku Has a KnifeFound FamilyYagi Toshinori | All Might Being an Asshole 

Language:
    English 
Series:
    Part 1 of What Would You Like to Drink? Next Work → 
Stats:

    Published:
        2021-06-19
    Completed:
        2021-12-11
    Words:
        84,798
    Chapters:
        34/34
    Comments:
        6,505
    Kudos:
        43,237
    Bookmarks:
        9,172
    Hits:
        1,094,631

(Restricted) Tea in a bar
Atiya_Blackcharm
Summary:

    When they had warped the green-haired hero student to the bar, they were ready for a fight or to at least have to knock him out. They remembered how he had fought during the sports festival and it wasn’t a secret that he had managed to take down Stain who ‘approved’ of him.

    They were ready for him to come at them quickly, with green lightning surrounding him and pressure in the air. They were not ready for the tired blank face as he looked at them and simply said, "Oh" while carrying a grocery bag.

    “Hey Shigaraki. Kurogiri,” Midoriya said bluntly with tired eyes, “How you guys been?”

    tldr; the LOV kidnapped Izuku while he was in the middle of getting dinner and much to their surprise Izuku is just tired and would rather simply enjoy some of Kurogiri's tea
    Minor edits to the whole fic as of 1/20/23

Notes:

    Translation into Русский available: Чай за барной стойкой by Feline_Eyes
    Translation into Deutsch available: Tee in der Bar by Katie24601
    Inspired by (How To) Forgive and Forget by legal_kidnapping

    Posted: 6/19/21
    Minor edits to the whole fic as of 1/20/23

    Warning: Descriptions of being depressed, being bullied, mentions and suicide/ suicide baited

    Alright so the tags make this seem really sad but I promise it's not. Edit: alright um people said they cried so take that as you will.

    Also this takes place after the Stain incident but before final exams.

     

    Edit**
    I do not give my permission to repost this anywhere. Reaction fics, translations, fics inspired by this one are fine as long as they are on ao3 and properly linked as credit/inspiration.

    **reminder this is fanfiction so it is not accurate to canon which includes character actions, characterizations, and events.

    Additionally I am a real human being with feelings so please be kind as this is not my job or something I'm obligated to do. If you enjoy it: yay. If not, I hope you find a fic that you do and wish you luck on your search.

(See the end of the work for other works inspired by this one.)
Chapter 1: "Nope"
Chapter Text

Izuku was tired.

He had always been tired in a way since he was little. There was always that weight on his mind that made it hard to breathe, hard to move. But he always pushed through it, trying to lift his head and look at others with a smile even though all he got were glares and snarls of disgust in return.

He would try to smile even though his skin pulled uncomfortably at burns and new cuts he got from school. He’d smile at his mom when she asked him how was his day, even though he knew he would have to go to the bathroom and change a bandage or two. Even though, that day at school he found another red spider lily waiting for him at his desk.

He smiled at All Might, even though he could throw up from the phantom sensation of the sludge going down his throat. He smiled as All Might had left him on the roof and as he leaned a bit too far off the railing before noticing the explosions from afar.

He smiled after being scolded for saving Bakugou, and he smiled when All Might told him he could become a hero.

But even then, he was just so tired.

___

When he got into UA, he felt like the weight had been lifted somewhat, and it wasn’t hard to smile anymore. But slowly and surely, its presence became more obvious. Izuku found himself waking up to that same feeling as before.

But he still smiled and no one could tell the difference.

Even when he was treated for his injuries with Stain, he smiled at Iida and Todoroki in the hospital. But all he really wanted to do was yell at the police, maybe yell at Iida some more, and tell Gran Torino to stop fucking hitting him with a cane.

But he didn’t. Instead, he was polite to the police, apologized, and closed his eyes to sleep that never really came. His mom, of course, was working as usual. Ever since he went to UA she started taking on more shifts and spending time outside the house. Izuku didn’t really notice though.

For a long time, his relationship with his mom had become more distant. He still loved her but over the years it came to the feeling that someone has towards a distant family member that only visited every few years. He wouldn’t be surprised to learn that she felt the same way. She still fed him and gave him enough money for an allowance and to get food when she wasn’t home though. But he knew that he wouldn’t really understand or experience how Kirishima would talk about what he and his moms did over the weekend.

So it was no surprise that, yet again, he had to go buy some canned soup or maybe a microwave dinner when he got a text from his mom saying she would be on a business trip for the next two weeks and that there were no groceries at home.

He wasn’t going to buy groceries so late at night but he was still hungry so he made his way to a convenience store.

The cashier didn’t even give him a second glance, already used to seeing him come at odd hours. Izuku went down the aisles, got two cans of soup, a notebook, and a new pen. At one point he thought he saw someone he recognized watching him but when he looked there was no one there. So he paid and walked out of the store.

It had only been a few seconds that he was walking down the dimly lit sidewalk when everything went black and he felt the familiar sensation of the warp from USJ.

When he could see light again, he saw that he was inside a lit bar and that he was in front of Shigaraki. He gave a quick glance around the room and saw Kurogiri along with some other people (probably villains or not, who knows).

Izuku didn’t really have the energy to say anything else but, “Oh.”

------------

When they had warped the green-haired hero student to the bar, they were ready for a fight or to at least have to knock him out. They remembered how he had fought during the sports festival and it wasn’t a secret that he had managed to take down Stain who ‘approved’ of him.

They were ready for him to come at them quickly, with green lightning surrounding him and pressure in the air. They were not ready for the tired blank face as he looked at them and simply said, "Oh" while carrying a grocery bag.

There was no green lightning, there was no shock, there was no anger. There was just a teenage boy in a hoodie with dark circles to rival Eraserhead’s and a plastic bag.

There was no panicking or questions. Instead, he greeted Kurogiri and Shigaraki like they were simple acquaintances and not people he actively fought against in the past.

“Hey Shigaraki. Kurogiri,” Midoriya said bluntly with tired eyes, “How you guys been?”

No one said anything, They were still tense, waiting for him to do something. When no one responded, Shigaraki watched as Midoriya looked around the bar the other people in that were there.

Green eyes looked back at red, "Who are the newbies?" he asked.

Shigaraki didn’t get to say anything before Twice, Toga, Compress began to introduce themselves in an energetic way. Spinner followed suit and so did Magne a bit calmer. Meanwhile, Dabi didn’t say anything until Midoriya just kept staring at him and he finally let out a quick “Dabi.”

Midoriya took one of his hands out of his hoodie pocket and gave them a quick wave, “Cool, nice to meet you guys. Now is there a kitchen?” He lifted up the plastic bag he had, "I was just picking up my dinner and I'm still hungry so..."

There was still a bored-looking expression on Midoriya’s face as he waited for an answer. In the end, Kurogiri told him about the kitchen and led him to it, keeping a close eye on him for obvious reasons. Everyone watched him go. Midoriya didn’t seem to mind.

While they heard the sound of something being done in the kitchen Dabi turned to Shigaraki, "Hey dustfuck, what the hell is up with that kid?"

Shigaraki scowled in annoyance and reached out a hand to Dabi who easily dodged it, “How the fuck should I know?”

He looked back at Midoriya who was in the process heating up some canned soup while Kurogiri kept an eye on the hero brat.

Shigaraki was confused.

This kid was not the same kid he fought at USJ. This kid didn't have that spark in his eye. Instead, the boy’s eyes were dull when he arrived at the bar and he didn’t seem to have any reaction to suddenly being face to face with a villain who in the past almost killed him.

After a couple of minutes, he watched as Midoriya came out of the kitchen with a bowl of hot soup and took a seat at the bar with no hesitation.

If someone were to come in unaware of who anyone was, they wouldn’t have known that MIdoirya had just been essentially abducted. Instead, Midoriya just looked like a tired kid who eating soup for some reason in a bar.

And god did that kid look tired, Shigaraki wondered why.

A second later Shigaraki saw the glint from a knife that Toga threw at Midoriya. The kid managed to catch it and looked at Toga, "Nice try, but please don't do that when I'm eating."

Shigaraki waited for another knife to be thrown or some manic smile to take up Toga’s face. Instead, she simply smiled, "Hmp Alright!"

Surprisingly, Midoriya sent her a soft smile before going back to eating.

Everyone was oddly quiet as they watched the hero student eat. Each of them waiting for something to happen.

“Did we just kidnap a kid to have him just eat soup?” Magne asked Compress.

“I do not know, but it is quite a scene to see, is it not? Do you see how the boy greeted Shigaraki and Kurogiri, quite interesting indeed!” Compress responded.

Magne looked over at Shigaraki who was looking at Midoriya with an odd look on his face and the others who were watching Midoirya with a close eye. It seemed that no one really knew what to do with the situation at hand. Other than Midoirya who seemed to be enjoying his soup, despite the company he had.

Eventually, there was no more soup. A few minutes after finishing Midoriya looked up at Kurogiri who was down the bar rearranging some glasses again.

“Kurogiri,” Midoriya called.

The misty man looked towards the boy, “Yes Midoriya?”

“If you don’t mind, can I have some tea?” he asked.

The mist that made up the villain’s body seemed to freeze for a second before returning to its regular movement, "You want tea?" he asked as if he was unsure of what he heard.

Midoriya nodded, "Yeah, I don't really mind what kind of tea you have,“ he paused, “It's fine if you don't, I’ll take water too."

Kurogiri reassured Midoriya quickly, "No, I believe there is some tea." And the other villains in the bar watched with confusion as the Kurogiri prepared Midoriya a cup of tea with what could only be described as excitement.

When Kurogiri handed Midorya a cup of tea, he told him that it was chamomile.

Midoriya chuckled a bit, “That obvious that I need some sleep?”

“Indeed so young man,“ Kurogiri replied.

Midoriya only hummed and smiled in response while taking a sip of the tea.

The others watched the odd interaction until Twice asked about what they had just said.

“Chamomile tea helps you sleep dumbass,” Dabi said, “ and the little hero here has dark circles that like a damn raccoon.”

“I think they look cute on him!” Toga said.

“You think blood looks good on people.”

___

“So Shigaraki why am I here?” Midoriya asked calmly after taking a sip of tea.

The casual question surprised everyone for a moment before they looked at the leader of the LOV. They could see Shigaraki think for a moment and look at the tv in the back of the bar. He turned back to Midoriya, “Tell us about UA, about All Might and his weaknesses.”

Midoriya sighed, “Sorry can’t help you there. Teachers and administration don’t exactly tell us about the weaknesses of the school and I avoid dealing with them as much as possible.”

“Wha-”

“And All Might,” Midoriya continued as if he didn’t cut off a villain who could decay him with just five fingers, “I guess he’s partial to American slang, I’ve heard him curse a lot in English. Uhh- I don’t think he likes spicy food, and he’s kind of not the best teacher.”

Midoriya took another sip of tea and shrugged, “So yeah those are a few cons to the guy.”

The next thing that was heard was laughter and Midoriya turned to see Dabi cackling while Shigaraki tried to decay him unsuccessfully. Off to the side, he could see Twice switching between shaking with laughter and being still. Toga was just looking at the scene with an amused face along with Magne. And Compress had put a hand to his mouth like he was trying to hide a smile, despite the mask being in place.

When it was obvious that the flame user wasn’t going to be reduced to dust Shigaraki turned back to Midoriya, “You know more. You’re his successor, Sensei told me so.”

“Ha-successor,” Midoriya scoffed. The green-haired boy thought about how all Might told him he wanted him to be the next symbol of peace, to announce himself at the sports festival, how he told him he would do his internship with Gran Torino. It made him feel bitter with how the man hadn’t even asked what goals Izuku had as a hero or asked where he would have wanted to do his internship.

“If your Sensei thinks that I’m going to be the next symbol of peace, then he’s wrong.” Midoriya looked down at the teacup, “I have no plans to do that,” he said quietly.

Everyone watched as Midoriya seemed to slump down at his own words and Shigaraki began to question if Sensei had been wrong. He looked back at the tv and saw that there was a light on, meaning that Sensei had been listening, but there was no voice that came out.

Before anyone else could say anything Spinner asked a question, “ What do you mean All Might isn’t a good teacher? Stain himself called him a true hero, so wouldn’t he be good at teaching future heroes?”

At this, Midoriya set the cup of tea down with a soft yet solid thud everyone heard and he turned around in his seat.

“One,” Midoriya held up a finger, “ I have a lot to say about Stain’s philosophy. He was right to a degree about heroes’ motivations, but the killing I do not agree with. So with him thinking that All Might is the definition of a true hero, I can point out some flaws with that thinking,” he held up another finger, “And two. Just because you are good at defeating villains and saving people does not mean you are skilled in other areas. In All Might’s case, the man is a lousy teacher. He’s never received any formal training in education and doesn’t even have a license. I’m actually surprised that he’s teaching at UA. Also, if he was a mentor I don’t think he’d be good at adapting how he was taught and his way of doing things according to his mentee,” Midoriya said, knowing full well that All Might had not been doing the best job when it came to teaching him (if his many broken bones had anything to say about it).

Midoriya looked at the villains who were still staring at him. He looked at Spinner, “So Spinner, does that answer your question?”

Spinner nodded, albeit a bit unsure it seemed.

“Hey kid,” Magne suddenly said drawing Midoriya's attention to her, “Shouldn’t you not talk trash about him, especially to a bunch of villains?”

“Why not?,” Midoriya replied, “If anyone is actually going to believe me and listen, it would be you guys wouldn’t it? I’m pretty sure I would have already gotten a punch to the face or some quirk used on me for talking shit if I was talking to someone at UA or heroes.”

“You’re expecting that from heroes and from students at UA?” Compress asked in disbelief.

“Yup. I’ve gotten hit and have had quirks used on me for doing things less serious than talking bad about Japan’s number one hero,” Midoriya said nonchalantly before turning to take another sip of tea. He really liked how Kurogiri made it.

When he turned back around he saw once again odd looks on the villains’ faces.

“Are-are you okay kid?” Twice asked, before in a different voice he said that he didn’t care.

Midoriya left out a huff of air in amusement and smiled. “Nope,” he said before taking another sip of tea.
Chapter 2: What do teens do best?
Summary:

    Midoriya continues to confuse a bar full of villains while enjoying Kurogiri's tea.

Notes:

    Posted: 6/19/2021

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Despite being villains, or people who have done questionable things, none of them particularly liked the look they saw on Midoriya’s face when he answered Twice’s question. There was a sort of resignation in the kid’s face that didn’t fit with the image that they had of him in their minds.

For Shigaraki and Kurogiri, it felt wrong to see it on his face because they had only seen bright eyes and a fierce determination. They remember how he looked in the heat of battle at the USJ attack. But that look wasn’t there, instead the hero brat looked as if he didn’t care about what would happen to him at that moment. It crossed Shigaraki’s mind that if someone else were in danger, Midoriya’s face would look different.

Meanwhile, for Compress, Spinner, Magne, Toga, and Dabi the look on Midoriya’s face wasn’t anything that they were expecting to see. They had all seen snippets of Midoriya from the sports festival. They saw the power that he inflicted with just one flick of a finger. When Midoriya had been warped, they had expected a fight with a UA student full of energy and righteousness.

But they hadn’t gotten that at all.

Instead, they watched as a hero student, that had fought Shigaraki and Kurogiri, greet them like they were old buddies. Then went and used the kitchen in the back to heat up their soup. Why the kids even had soup or was buying it so late was another question.

None of them even knew that the bar has something other than alcohol and maybe water until Midoriya had asked Kurogiri for tea.

Shigaraki didn’t have an answer to explain Midoriya’s behavior either. They saw the look of confusion on his face when Midoriya essentially talked trash about All Might. None of the information he gave was actually going to be useful in the take down of any heroes. Unless they somehow defeated All Might with spicy foods, which didn’t seem likely.

Everything that came out of Midoriya’s mouth threw them for a loop and they were confused when Shigaraki had said that Midoriya was All Might’s successor, that his Sensei had told him so. The others knew that Sensei was Shigaraki’s boss and that the man was not meant to be messed with. But Midoriya confidently told them that he was not planning to be the next symbol of peace, which any successor to All Might would be.

How Shigaraki’s Sensei could be wrong, they didn’t know. They left it alone though, as Spinner asked more about All Might and Midoriya went on a whole explanation as how to how the number one hero was someone that should not be teaching at all. And even though the kid said a lot, they had a feeling that he might have been holding back.

They would be right in thinking that.

The villains weren’t at all ready for him to answer their questions with brutal honesty. They sure as hell weren’t ready for Midoriya to tell them that he thought it was fine to tell them his opinions because they would actually listen and not hurt him, they weren’t ready for him to talk about being hurt by others like it was nothing.

Twice asked him the question that was on everybody’s mind.

“Are-are you okay kid?”

They saw Midoriya smile as if the question that Twice asked was something funny.

“Nope,” he said before taking another sip of tea.

The bar was oddly quiet for those few seconds after hearing that one word.

Various thoughts ran rampant in everyone’s mind. What’s wrong with this kid? Why does he look so tired? How can he be so calm right now? Why hasn’t he fought back?

These were the things they were going over in their heads before they were interrupted by Toga’s voice.

“Oh Izuku-kun! If you’re sad, do you want a hug, do you want to stab someone!? That always makes me feel better.”

“Thanks for the offer Toga,” Midoriya said, seemingly not bothered by the nickname or the brutal offer, “but I don’t think stabbing someone will help me feel better. And I don’t think a hug would be the safest option since you might stab me and it would be uncomfortable for anyone to hug me.”

Midoriya looked around at everyone as if showing Toga that no one was offering to hug him. No one was. They were just standing there awkwardly as they saw Toga pout and look at them with a familiar glint in her eye that made them feel the need to watch out for knives that may start coming their way.

After a couple of seconds, they heard Midoriya burst out into laughter. It sounded genuine despite the boy’s appearance. “Don’t worry, I don’t expect any of you to actually hug me to make me feel better,” he smiled, “Pretty sure that’s the last thing you want to do. Although,“ he paused and turned to Kurogiri, “I’m almost finished with this tea, do you mind making another?”

“That’s no issue at all,” Kurogiri responded.

“Thanks.”

---

Shigaraki had gone to the corner with a pensive look on his face while the others started to have a conversation. Kurogiri meanwhile was making Midoriya’s second cup of tea, still in a way that made the misty man look like he was happy to make it. Midoriya even seemed to be enjoying watching the warp villain make it. At some point, they all saw Midoriya take out the notebook that had been in the grocery bag.

When Toga had went over to Midoriya (who effectively dodged the knife she threw) she saw the beginning of a sketch of the teacup Midoriya drank out of earlier.

“It’s so pretty Izuku-kun! I didn’t know you could draw.”

Midoriya smiled a sad smile, “Thanks Toga, I used to draw a lot, but haven’t been able to for a while. I’m glad to see that the drawing isn’t horrible, even if the lines are a little shaky.”

Toga frowned at the words Midoriya was saying and she looked at Midoriya’s hands. She could see that his fingers were a little crooked and the scars. She suddenly remembered how in the sports festival it looked like Midoriya had broken his fingers multiple times against Todoroki.

Before Midoriya could see Toga’s frown she smiled and leaned against him, making him chuckle.

“Well, I still think it looks pretty Izuku-kun! Can you draw me something later?”

“Sure Toga.”

Toga squealed in delight when Midoriya agreed, and she jumped before running over to Dabi who had been watching the scene with a careful eye.

“What was that all about Toga?” the flame user asked.

Dabi watched as the smile on Toga’s face disappeared and was instead replaced with something a bit more serious.

“I think Izuku-kun is hurting,” she pouted.

Dabi snorted, “I think that much is obvious Toga, the damn kid said he wasn’t okay. Kind of confusing, to be honest.” Dabi looked over to the hero student who was sitting on the bar doing something in his notebook.

His attention was brought back to Toga when the girl poked him.

“I know that! He’s hurting in another way though and it isn’t fair, I haven’t even got the chance to cut him and he’s hurting.”

“What other way are you talking about?”

He tensed when Toga grabbed his hand and the girl ran a finger along where his bones were. “His hands Dabi,” she said softly. Before she could say more Twice was pulling her away to talk to Compress.

Dabi looked at his hand and felt the phantom sensation of Toga running a finger along his skin. It was odd, usually, he had to avoid knives trying to cut or stab but instead Toga had been gentle. The way she spoke was without the usual manic tone. She had spoken calmly and softly. He looked back at Midoriya, the damn kid was confusing him. Nothing was making sense since Kurogiri had warped him to the bar. And now Toga was acting weird talking about the kid’s hands.

__

The conversation that Twice had dragged Toga into somehow became a lecture from Compress about the art of magic. Everyone was perfectly fine to hear the man speak about it, occasionally having Twice add on since the man also knew about magic. And for some reason, Midoriya was knowledgeable about Magic as well and he absentmindedly joined the conversation.

“I think one the special part about magic tricks is the idea of something impossible being done and the mystery. It’s nice to imagine things like that, it adds something to the normal world people live in, even if it’s just for a moment.” Midoriya had said.

No one said anything except for Compress, “Wonderfully said Midoriya. It pleases me to see such acknowledgment from someone so young.”

Midoriya sent the masked man a smile before turning around to drink the freshly brewed tea Kurogiri set down. They all watched him as Midoriya closed his eyes for a few moments while holding the teacup in his hands. Kurogiri, who had the clearest view of Midoriya’s face was surprised to see such a reaction to someone drinking something he had served them and he felt the odd urge to pat Midoriya’s head.

The boy just looked so tired.

Despite this, the conversation continued and change topics to types of knives. Toga was the most enthusiastic when this topic came up. Although, at some point in the conversation, they were interrupted by the ringing of a phone.

Everyone’s heads whipped around to look at Midoriya who took the phone out from his pocket and answered it in a fluid and quick movement. Everyone in the bar seemed to freeze and just stared at Midoriya as the boy greeted the person on the call.

"Oh hey mom," Midoriya said casually as if he didn’t have a room full of villains looking at him with wide eyes.

They could all hear a woman’s voice asking Midoriya where he was and telling him that it was late. The woman had apparently never gotten a notification from their security system that Midoriya had gone home that night.

"Oh one of my friends needed my help with something so I went to their place and lost track of time. I think I'll have to stay here since it's so late." Midoriya said, in a cheery tone that didn’t match how he sounded earlier. They watched as the boy listened to his mother with a sullen expression on his face. It seemed that his mother had a lot to say as Midoriya didn’t really speak much until a few moments later.

“Yeah I got the money you left, I’ll be fine. See you when you come back. Bye,” Midoriya hung up and put his phone back into his pocket. Then Midoriya turned to look at the others who all had dumbfounded looks on their faces.

"What?"

"You just told your mom you were with a friend when you actually got kidnapped by the league of villains,” Dabi replied like it should have been obvious.

"Oh,” Midoriya said dumbly, “I didn’t really think she needed to know.”

Everyone kept looking at him oddly.

“Didn’t need to know?” Spinner asked incredulously. "Why wouldn’t your mom need to know you’ve been kidnapped?”

Midoriya looked at them with a calm face, “It’s not like she could do anything about it, and it’s not like you guys are killing me or something. I’ve been in worse situations than this.”

“What the fuck?” Dabi muttered.

“Midoriya what do you mean you’ve been in worse situations?” Magne asked thinking that being kidnapped by villains would be bad enough to garner a call to a parent. Also, a small part of Magne had felt concerned for the young boy, seeing as he was around Toga’s age (who she had grown to be a sort of big sister to).

“Well none of you are using your quirk on me or hitting me, all my bones are unbroken, there’s no one calling me names or telling me to die, and you haven’t killed me yet,” Midoriya shrugged before drinking some more tea.

Midoriya looked at Kurogiri with a smile, “And Kurogiri makes really good tea.”

As Midoriya continued to sip his tea the others in the bar were looking at each other with a mixture of confused ‘what the fuck’ faces. Honestly were they even sure that they got the right kid, this couldn’t be a student from UA. Because surely UA would not have a student who seemed a little too comfortable in the presence of villains. Right?

Shigaraki got up and took a seat next to Midoriya at the bar, “Kurogiri, give me a drink.”

Kurogiri didn’t even look up from his rearranging of glasses, “No.”

Shigaraki growled and the thud of his forehead as it hit the bar counter could be heard.

Midoriya looked at the villain who was next to him and seemed to be in distress while sipping his tea. “I can leave if I’m bothering you guys.”

That didn’t seem to be the right thing to say, as Shigaraki groaned from his place at the bar. Then Dabi chuckled, walked to the bar, and asked for a drink from the warp villain. Unlike Shigaraki, Kurogiri didn’t hesitate to serve the man some alcohol. Shigaraki cursed but didn’t move from his spot at the bar.

Kurogiri could see that Midoriya was smiling as the boy sipped his tea.
Notes:

    The characterization of the villains is going to be different. They aren't super evil. I think Midoriya is dealing with some pain in his hands after the Sports festival that hasn't been addressed yet. Also, Inko has a security system that lets her know when Midoirya leaves and comes back home so that's why she knew he wasn't home and so she called.

    You cannot tell me that Kurogiri wouldn't keep alcohol away from Shigaraki while actively serving anyone else who asked. Kurogiri has lost too many drinking glasses to a drunk Shigaraki in the past.

    But yeah, Izuku is straight-up causing worry and confusion at the same rate of a child wacking a pinata full of their favorite candy.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 3: That Good Sleep
Summary:

    The chamomile tea finally kicks in.

Notes:

    Posted 6/21/21

    Warning: mention of neglectful parenting, mistreatment at school, suicide baiting(spider lillies)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Izuku really did like how Kurogiri made his tea. He’s had tea before, even made some himself. But none of it seemed to be as good as the one the warped villain had made for him.

At first, Izuku had seen his mom make herself tea and how she seemed to enjoy it. She never did offer it to him. So he had thought that maybe she just didn’t know if he would like to try it. It was after about a week that Izuku got up the courage to ask his mom if maybe she could make tea for him too.

The look that she gave him, made the weight in his chest feel heavier and he regretted asking her. It was like she had looked at him like he was an inconvenience like it was the biggest annoyance to be asked to make tea for her son. She usually ignored him or treated him as a distant relative, but at that moment she showed something else. It was a look that reminded him of the ones his teachers showed him at school or any of his classmates did when he greeted them. It was a look that reminded him of the spider lilies that would be found shoved in his bag after it was left unattended or simply laid out on his desk.

Maybe he asked on a bad day or maybe she had simply been in a bad mood. But after that incident, he taught himself how to make tea. Although, it didn’t taste as good as Kurogiri’s.

So having Kurogiri not look at him that way, and actually seem happy to make him tea made it feel nice when he picked up the teacup. The heat seeped into his hands and he closed his eyes feeling content.

The heat helped with the ache in his hands. They had started to ache more after he had finished his drawing. He hoped that they wouldn’t hurt so bad after drawing Toga something. Despite throwing a knife at him and not so quietly talking about his blood, she had been nice. And she had called his drawing pretty, so he didn’t mind making a drawing for her.

He went over the different ideas of what he could draw for her while finishing the cup of tea. The whole time, making sure to keep his hands around the cup as long as possible. The tea must have finally taken effect as Izuku had to open his eyes when he heard someone chuckle. He hadn’t noticed that he had fallen asleep.

“Midoriya, I believe the chamomile tea has proven effective,” Kurogiri said while standing in front of him across the bar counter. To Izuku, it actually looked like the man was amused. When he went to respond he was interrupted by the need to yawn which he couldn’t hold back

Izuku chuckled when he finally stopped yawning, “I think I’ll have to agree with you Kurogiri, thank you again for the tea, it was really good.”

“It was my pleasure,” the man said before taking away the empty teacup.

Izuku watched the man walked away and then he looked beside him where Shigaraki still had his head down. His hair was splayed out, there were some parts that looked tangled and needed to be brushed. The funny thought of what hair routine Shigaraki had crossed his mind.

Just because you’re a villain didn’t mean that you didn’t use shampoo, conditioner, or even leave-in hair conditioner.

Feeling sleepy and not very caring about what others may think at the moment, Izuku set his head down on the bar counter with his right arm as his cushion. He was facing Shigaraki. The man hadn’t moved a bit, Izuku wondered if maybe Shigaraki was tired like him. It wouldn’t have been a surprise. Being a villain and avoiding getting caught by the law sounded stressful and tiring. He wouldn’t be surprised if Shigaraki was actually asleep next to him. He’s not one to judge.

So Izuku stared at Shigaraki’s head and with his tired muddled mind and uncaring attitude, he reached out his fingers to touch the bluish-grey strands of hair. He started playing with them.

Shigaraki didn’t seem to notice.

Izuku didn’t seem to notice Dabi who started choking on his drink after seeing what Izuku did.

With the growing sense of weight on Izuku’s mind and eyelids, and the surprisingly soft stands of hair between his fingers, he fell asleep.

_______

“What the actual fuck, oh my god what the fuck is going on?” Spinner whispered to Compress.

All eyes were on Shigaraki who hadn’t moved from their heads-down position and to Midoriya who was next to him asleep, one hand previously playing with the villain’s hair.

Playing with Shigaraki’s hair.

Twice had laughed when Dabi had started choking on his drink when Midoriya first started messing with Shigaraki’s hair. Everyone else had froze, fully expecting Shigaraki to decay the hero student on the spot. But that never happened.

In fact, Shigaraki hadn’t moved. Was the guy even aware that his hair was being touched?

“Aww, I’ve wanted to play with Shiggy’s hair!” Toga whined before starting to walk towards the two before Magne pulled her back.

“Nu-uh Toga, I’m pretty sure you’ll risk getting either yourself or Midoriya decayed if you go over there.”

Compress spoke before Toga could say anything more, “Yes. It is intriguing to see the young hero still breathing after doing something so bold. Do you think that perhaps our boss has fallen asleep at the bar? He has not moved for a while now.”

__

Unbeknownst to them, Shigaraki had not fallen asleep. In fact, he was wide awake with wide red eyes. He had been too surprised to move when he felt someone touching his hair, and even more so when he realized that it was from the hero brat himself. But Shigaraki couldn’t bring himself to move or tell Midoriya to stop.

The thing that Shigaraki couldn’t even deny was the fact that it actually felt nice. There was also the fact that he figured the kid was too damn tired to even consider the implications of what he was doing. Because why in the world would a hero student from UA play with a villain’s hair? A villain who freaking kidnapped him.

Honestly, what the hell was up with this kid?

It was obvious that the hero brat was depressed, but really. Was it to the point where they seemed at ease with villains that could kill him in a blink of an eye? Did he have that big of a death wish or simply not care enough about what would happen from messing with his hair?

When Shigaraki felt Midoriya’s fingers stop moving, he thought about what he was supposed to do. Should he get up angrily, act as if nothing happen, or stay there and maybe actually just sleep at the counter?

He chose the second option.

When he rose, gently pulling the few strands still among Midoriya’s fingers, everyone froze. Shigaraki avoided looking at their faces, already knowing the smiles or wide eyes that they would have. Instead, he looked at the boy sitting next to him. Midoriya was fast asleep. Apparently, the boy’s own arm was a good enough pillow as he seemed to be completely comfortable. He looked at the scarred hand that was only moments ago in his hair.

It was odd Shigaraki thought, that this kid. This future hero, one who would probably kill someone with one punch, one flick of a finger (as he saw in the sports festival) was asleep in his bar. Had drunk Kurogiri’s tea and played with his freaking hair.

It didn’t make any sense at all. Shigaraki hadn’t been expecting any of this when he kidnapped Midoriya, and now he felt at a loss to what even do.

Shigaraki turned to the others, making them jump in place at the sudden motion.

“Keep an eye on him,” was all he said before walking away and to his room.

__

Everyone except Kurogiri watched as Shigaraki walked away. When he was gone, Twice was the first one to speak.

“Do you think he was embarrassed?”

Compress brought a finger to their mask, “Possibly, I do believe he simply acted as if nothing happened to avoid speaking about it. What do you think Kurogiri?”

Everyone turned to look at the warp villain to get his response, given his closer connection to Shigaraki. But they froze when they finally looked at him.

Kurogiri was reaching over to ruffle Midoriya’s hair. The man would only have to close a gap of a few inches to touch green hair. Green-hair that for some reason just looked so damn soft.

“Hey misty man, what you doing there?” Dabi called out.

Kurogiri seemed a bit startled at Dabi’s remark and withdrew his hand, “I-I am unsure what came over me.”

“Awww, I wanna touch Izuku-kun’s hair too!”

“I want to touch it too. No, I don’t!” Twice said.

Both Twice and Toga ran towards Midoriya. But, before they could lay one finger on green hair Spinner had grabbed them by the collar.

“You don’t just go touching people’s hair!” Spinner scolded them.

Toga pouted and looked from the hanging position that Spinner had her in, “But Izuku-kun touched Shiggy’s hair!”

Spinner sighed, “I really don’t know how to respond to that, other than Midoriya is not what we expected.”

“That’s putting it lightly,” Dabi muttered.

The others nodded in agreement.

“Okay, but are we just going to let him sleep at the bar. I feel like he’ll get a crick in his neck.” Magne said.

They all looked at Midoriya who at the moment looked comfortable. Sure the bar counter may be comfortable for a few minutes, but any longer with the weight on your arm and neck at such as angle was just asking for a rude awakening.

Not that they should care at all.

They were supposed to be one of the bad guys, the kidnapped Midoriya after all. They shouldn’t be concerned about how his arm was going to fall asleep. They shouldn’t feel uneasy after listening to everything that the kid had said, or how he seemed so uncaring in the presence of villains.

No, they shouldn’t care at all.

So why on Earth were they discussing who was going to be the one to either wake him up, wake him up so he could sleep somewhere else, actually physically move him somewhere else, or simply leave him there?

“I could put him in a marble and move him,” Compress suggested.

“No! That’ll just wake Izuku-kun up!”

“What if we just woke up him and led him to one of the booth seats?" Spinner asked pointing at one of the empty booths, “They’re soft arent they?”

“Alright, but who’s going to wake him up then?” Dabi asked.

Everyone just looked at Dabi. The flame user frowned and crossed his arms. “You’re joking. What if he wakes up and tries to kill me?”

“He won’t kill you Dabi.”

“Maybe not, but I don’t feel particularly inclined to be at the end of his quirk.”

“Oh come on Dabi,” Spinner said, “If anything Kurogiri is right there, so he’ll make sure that if Midoriya attacks you it won’t get anywhere near you. Right Kurogiri?”

They looked at the misty villain, “If that is necessary,” he responded.

Dabi huffed, “Fucking fine, but I’ll burn your asses if the little brat tries something.” Then he made his way towards Midoriya.

From a few seats away he called to Midoriya.

“Hey brat.”

“That’s not his name!” Toga hissed.

“Ugh fine. Midoriya.”

No response.

In a louder voice, Dabi called out to him again. “Midoriya wake up.”

Still no response. Dabi looked at the others and just waved a hand pointing at Midoriya. “See look I tried, now can we jus-”

“WAKE UP MIDORIYA!”Twice practically screamed at the sleeping boy.

Everyone turned to look at Twice who slapped a hand over his mouth. Spinner punched Twice in the arm in annoyance. Then they looked back at Midoriya, fully expecting to see green eyes looking at them and maybe the boy frowning at being so rudely woken up. That was not the sight they were met with. Instead, Midoirya was still fast asleep, showing no reaction to being yelled at.

“Seems the young hero is still asleep,” Compress said, “Kurogiri, you gave him chamomile tea to help with his sleep, did you not?”

“Yes I did, chamomile tea is very useful for helping with insomnia and making sure that the sleep you get is restful.”

“Wow, Izuku-kun must have been really tired if he’s still sleeping. Even if he didn’t drink tea,” Toga said walking up to the boy. She looked down at his face and poked his cheek, he didn’t react. Toga giggled.

“Oh come on, he can’t be sleeping that deeply,” Dabi said before coming towards Midoriya after Toga stood back. He brought up a hand and poked Midoriya’s cheek. When the kid didn’t react he poked him again. And again. And again.

“Dude why are you poking him so much?” Spinner asked.

Dabi shrugged his shoulder and looked back at Spinner, “I don’t know. Cause he’s literally not reacting and like how does someone not react to someone poking their fa- Ah!”

Everyone jumped at Dabi’s yell and saw the reason why.

Midoriya’s left hand had grabbed Dabi’s hand, the one that was poking him. Dabi was trying to pull it away, but the scarred hand wasn’t budging.

“Dabi are you having trouble getting your hand back?” Magne asked smiling.

“Just laugh it up but this kid is fucking strong, even in his sleep. Can’t get him to fucking let go.”

“Is he hurting your hand?” Compress asked.

Dabi glared at Compress, “No, but I want my hand back.”

“...then just take it back?”

They could practically hear how Dabi ground his teeth together as he let his head drop before speaking.

“I can’t.”

“What do you mean you can’t,“ Spinner asked, “Is he using his quirk or something?”

At that question, they all took a closer look at Midoriya’s hand. They looked for signs of lines lighting up to green lightning. There were none.

Compress hummed in interest, “It seems the young hero is not using his quirk.”

Dabi sighed and sat down in the seat next to Midoriya, his hand still trapped by the green-haired boy. “This cannot be happening”

Compress let a hand drop on Dabi’s shoulder, smiling behind his mask. “Oh, but it is.”
Notes:

    Poor Izuku just wants to sleep. And I know for sure that I would love to sleepingly play with someone's hair, sounds like fun.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 4: Can we look at a manual?
Summary:

    A How to Deal with a Sleeping Green Boy Guide for Dummies

Notes:

    Posted: 6/21/21

    Warning: Nightmare imagery surrounding the color red (blood, spider lillies, injuries). Implied suicide.

    Honestly I keep surprising myself with writing sad? stuff, but like it fits and I gotta say, I'm enjoying it. I promise though that it isn't all sad stuff, there's quite a bit of some funny stuff in this chapter. Just gotta have the sad cause ya know, Izuku is depressed and has been through the ringer called life.

    Oh and for clarification, Midoriya had grabbed onto Dabi's left hand.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

For the first time in a long time, Izuku felt comfortable while sleeping.

There were no nightmares. No flashes of red dripping from flowers onto his hands. Or red dripping from the rooftop ledge where his shoes were set neatly next to each other. There was no red from eyes that looked at him with hate he could never truly understand. There was no red from burned skin and cuts. Or from blood staining the cloth Yagi-san carried with him. There was no red dripping from the katana in Stain’s hands or pooling underneath Iida’s pierced hero costume. There was no red slowly staining his uniform.

Izuku didn’t hate the color red.

But whenever it showed up in his dreams, it was never good. So it was a nice change to see that it wasn’t making an appearance in his dreams. That it was not making him want to stay awake and avoid the sweet call of sleep.

He could barely feel any aches in his hand. Instead, it actually felt quite warm. Warmth in the past had always meant burns, explosions, and pain. But this warmth was soft and didn’t burn, he made sure to pull it closer. He could feel it chasing away the aches and he slipped deeper and deeper into unconsciousness.

At one point he could have sworn he heard someone whispering something, as if it was in his head. “Ninth...Izuku...please rest...sleep, we’ll keep the nightmares away.”

With that, Midoriya slipped away, burrowing into the warmth that seemed to now surround him.

_____

When Shigaraki had finally come out of his room, it was to hear Compress say “Oh but it is”. The sight of Dabi looking defeated, while his hand was being held by Midoriya. Midoriya, who was still asleep.

“Why is the brat holding your hand?”

Shigaraki heard Dabi mutter, “How the hell should I know?” before Toga was coming up to him with a frown on her face.

“Izuku-kun’s name isn’t brat! Don’t be so mean to him, he’s really nice.”

“What I call him shouldn’t mat-”

“Bwahahahaha, he’s pulling your hand closer,” Spinner started laughing, pointing at Midoriya.

When Shigaraki looked back at Dabi and Midoriya. He could see how the boy was pulling Dabi’s hand closer. It almost looked as if he were trying to cuddle the flame user.

“It’s not funny Spinner! I can’t get him to fucking let go!”

Shigaraki raised an eyebrow. Can’t get Midoriya to let go? How hard could that be?

As if she could read his mind, Magne explained. “Apparently the green bean is strong. He’s not even using his quirk, but we haven’t been able to get him to let go of Dabi’s hand. The little guy isn’t even hurting Dabi’s hand but he’s damn strong for someone that small.”

Shigaraki turned to look at Kurogiri who was calmly cleaning some glasses from across Midoriya behind the counter. “Is this true Kurogiri?”

“Yes, Tomura. Midoriya fell asleep and they tried to wake him up, to no avail. Then he grabbed Dabi’s hand and has not let go.”

“Tch.”

“Oh don’t ‘tch’ me dustfuck,” Dabi sneered at Shigaraki, “Do something to get the hero you wanted to kidnap to let me go.”

Shigaraki scowled, “Fine.” Then he pushed through the others and put a hand on Midoriya's face.

“HEY WH-”

“NO STOP! KILL HIM!”

“Oh dear.”

“What the fu-”

Shigaraki closed his eyes at all the yells from everybody, “Calm down, I wasn’t going to decay him. Figured he’d wake up, but he’s still asleep.” Shigaraki could feel the soft breathing from Midoriya against his hand before he took it off Midoriya’s face.

He really did think that if anything was going to wake up the kid, that it would have been his quirk. Midoriya had already seen it in action, and what it could do. Except the hero student showed no sign of waking up, even when his life could have been ended if Shigaraki simply put his pinky down on the kid’s freckled face.

“I guess he isn’t going to wake up” Shigaraki simply said, completely ignoring everyone’s affronted looks.

“Yeah, thanks for pointing that out and scaring the shit out of me you asshole.” Dabi glared at Shigaraki, “Now what the hell am I supposed to do with this?” He gestured to the green-haired boy.

“Get comfortable?”

Compress snickered along with Spinner.

“I should just set you all on fire, see what's so funny about that,” Dabi muttered.

“Oh come one Dabi, Izuku-kun is just holding your hand and he looks really happy sleeping. Maybe you could move him somewhere more comfortable and then he’ll let go.” Toga suggested.

“And where exactly would that be?”

“The couch or maybe Shiggy’s be-”

“I am not going into Shigaraki’s dusty ass room, probably give Midoriya and I a god damn asthma attack.”

"Last option is the couch Dabi." Magne said

Dabi raised his free hand in exasperation, "Sounds fine to me." But the man didn't move.

…

"Uh...Dabi," Spinner said, "You're-uh going to have to move Midoriya there since he has your hand."

Dabi sent him a deadpanned stare.

"You expect me to somehow get this kid all the way to the couch by myself, even though he has what seems to be an unnatural grip in my hand? Is that what you're telling me Spinner, cause I want you to think real hard about what you say to me."

“Uhh, you know what, I'll help you get him into a position to carry him alright?" Spinner nervously said before letting out a sigh of relief when the flame user didn't react badly.

What happened in the next few moments was truly a sight to see.

Spinner had first lifted Midoriya’s head to put him in an upright position. But in doing so, he forgot to support the boy’s head as it started to fall backward. The boy’s body started to lean back against the small backrest. A backrest that would not stop the boy from falling off the chair. Luckily, that was narrowly avoided by Magne stepping behind him and steading his head with her hand while another hand was on his shoulder

“Oh wow, his hair really is soft.”

Toga poked Magne, ”I wanted to touch Izuku’kun’s hair!”

“Toga, now is really not the ti-”

Magne was interrupted by the sound of Dabi muttering curses at Spinner. Apparently, Spinner had pushed Midoriya a little bit too far to the left and therefore into Dabi. Magne had been distracted and didn’t stop Midoriya’s upper body from falling into Dabi’s chest.

The look Dabi was sending towards Spinner was balanced out by the fact that Midoirya seemed to look even more comfortable leaning against his chest.

“Spinner I swear to god, you better wipe that smile off your face before I burn it off.”

Spinner brought up a mouth to cover up his smile that didn’t seem to be going away. And he tried to speak through the laughter that was starting to come out as well. “I-I’m sorry I can’t. It’s-it’s just that he looks so comfortable and-Oh my god- he’s pulling your hand closer-I-I-can’t Pl-please don’t burn me, come on man.”

Spinner’s plea was less than convincing due to the fact of the tears coming out of his eyes and the smile he had stopped trying to hide. Also because alongside his plea Dabi could hear the various snickers and laughs coming from the others in the bar. Even Shigaraki had a smirk on his face and Kurogiri somehow looked amused.

Meanwhile, Dabi was attempting to ignore the fact that Midoriya seemed to be pressing himself closer to his chest and pulling his hand in more.

When they heard a silent mumble of “m’warm” come from the green-haired boy they had to dodge the flames Dabi sent towards them. That didn’t stop them from laughing though.

“Look like the braaa-Midoriya likes you,” Shigaraki said, eyeing the knife Toga suddenly started playing with.

Dabi snorted and looked down at Midoriya. The kid’s cheek was pushed up against his shirt and it looked like he was smiling. He could feel the green hair brushing against his collarbone. Damn was it soft, Magne wasn’t kidding, He thought. It reminded Dabi of when he used to carry one of his siblings around after a tiring day. They had always curled up into him because of how warm he was. Dabi never thought he would be experiencing the same thing since getting all the scars he did. They tended to deter anyone from getting close to him.

But there he found himself, in a bar with a bunch of villains and a freaking hero student sleeping against him like a damn cat.

“Spinner help me with his legs so I can take him to the damn couch already.”

After few more moments and Dabi glaring at Spiner, Dabi managed to pick Midoirya up. It had taken some thinking considering how the kid wouldn’t let go but they managed in the end. Toga had been quick to compare Midoriya to a princess from the way Dabi was holding him.

“Yeah well, this princess isn’t exactly light so get out of the way.”

__

“It seems that the hero will not let go anytime soon,” Compress said. It didn’t take a detective to know that the man was smiling behind his white mask.

When Dabi had finally made it to the couch and set Midoriya down, the boy did not let go. In fact, he had almost pulled Dabi onto the couch when he tried to pull away. So there Dabi was, sitting on the couch with Midoriya’s head on his lap, as the kid now had a firm grip on his left arm. Toga sat right beside the flame user as she wanted to play with Izuku-kun’s hair. Meanwhile, Dabi was nursing a drink that Kurogiri had so graciously given him.

He smirked when he caught Shigaraki eyeing his drink.

Shigaraki gave Dabi the bird before going back to playing on his game console. It was rather late, but Shigaraki didn't feel like sleeping, not that he usually has issues with sleep. Apparently, it was a little different for Midoriya. Shigaraki didn’t think that green-haired boy would have stayed asleep the way he did if he had actually gotten a decent amount of sleep. Looked like the hero student didn’t.

Once again, questions about the kid came up in his mind.

When he had warped Midoriya to the bar, he had been expecting to get answers or possibly a hostage. Instead, he got a depressed teen that slept like a rock and liked to be warm while sleeping.

He really was jealous that Kurogiri had given Dabi something to drink but not him. Instead of drinking, he took out his frustration and confusion on the boss of the level he was on. The whole time he kept glancing up at Midoriya and Dabi.

Toga had fallen asleep and was moved somewhere more comfortable by Magne. The woman was the only one who could effectively avoid getting cut whenever someone needed to move Toga after she fell asleep somewhere. Kurogiri was also another one, but the man had to use his quirk to do so.

Shigaraki had to do a double-take when he glanced up to see Dabi messing with Midoriya’s hair. What was with everyone and hair tonight?

“Careful that your staples don’t get stuck,” Shigaraki said.

“Oh shut up, you’d probably end up decaying the kid’s hair.” Dabi sniped back.

"Tch." Was all Shigaraki responded with before he went back to his game while Dabi went back to messing with Midoriya’s hair as the boy slept.

Midoriya's hair really was soft, Dabi thought.

_______

When Izuku woke up, it was slow. There was no gasp for breath and there was no scream that died in his throat.

Instead, there was the sensation of something messing with his hair and warmth. He groaned and moved his face from whatever he had burrowed into. When he moved, the hand in his hair stilled and disappeared. Izuku decided to open his eyes.

He found himself looking up at the man who had introduced himself as Dabi. He had black hair, turquoise eyes, and scars that were held together by staples. From his position, Izuku realized that he had ended up sleeping on Dabi.

Huh, didn’t expect that.

“Morning princess,” Dabi said to him with a lazy smirk. But Izuku could see how Dabi’s eyes were trained for any sudden movement if he decided to try something. Not that he would. He was rather comfortable after all.

"Morning Dabi."
Notes:

    Can you tell I had fun with Dabi's dialogue, dude was straight up done with Spinner and the others. Let me know which part was your favorite ;p
    Shigaraki scaring the crap out of everybody was one of those moments, man really said this should wake up him, lets not consider the fact that he could possibly kill me for trying this

    You can fight me on Magne being one of the only ones to be able to leave with their life from moving a sleeping Toga.(other than my fav misty villain of course) ;P

    The image that I had in my head writing this chapter was 10 out of 10 would recommend. I wish you could see what I saw in my head XD Hopefully, I got close to it in this chapter.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 5: Waking up Warm
Summary:

    Morning Midoriya

Notes:

    Posted: 6/23/21

    Warning: description of Izuku having flashbacks and emotional distress (the kid's crying but it's not simple tears but like go to the bathroom and clench your fists and scream into a towel kind of distress.)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

The whole time while he was sleeping, the kid had been on top of him. Dabi had attempted a few more times to escape during the night but failed each time. Then he simply accepted his fate and entertained himself by messing with green curls on the kid's head. He was careful though not to get any stuck on his staples, it can be a bitch to get things out of there without making him bleed. 

It was early in the morning when Dabi saw that Midoriya had started to wake up, the sun had yet to even rise. He was a little surprised that the kid would wake up so early. But as he looked at Midoriya’s face and the dark circles he figured it was probably normal for him.

When green eyes looked up at him, Dabi had expected Midoriya to spring off of him in a hurry. But instead, they just looked at him, there was barely any reaction from him. 

“Morning princess," Dabi said, the comparison that Toga had made was stuck in his mind. Maybe that would get a reaction from the hero student.

But he got nothing.

The damn kid just looked at him with a blank face, eyes that somehow still looked tired, and said “Morning Dabi” like it was completely normal to wake up in a villain’s lap.

"Oh is Izuku-kun awake!?"

Dabi saw Midoriya’s eyes move to look at Toga who plopped down next to him on the couch.

Dabi smirked, "Yeah, Princess finally woke up from their slumber." 

"Princess?" Midoriya asked while Toga beamed.

"Yeah Izuku-kun! When Dabi carried you, you looked like a princess. It was super cute!"

It was an interesting sight to see Midoriya smile slyly and look back up at him.

"Does that mean you're my knight in shining armor or are you the villain who stole me away?"

Dabi laughed, "I think I'm more fit for the role of the villain to be honest. I think the armor would be uncomfortable."

Dabi was surprised to see a thoughtful look cross Midoriya's face, "You're right, armor isn't the most comfortable and kind of limits your movement along with stealth, wish Iida would have thought about that already."

Before Dabi could answer, Spinner's laughter rang out in the bar. Dabi saw the others come in. None of them were particularly deep sleepers or consistent with the amount of sleep they got. So it was no surprise to see everyone awake, Kurogiri the longest considering his constant manning of the bar and cleaning glasses.

"Where's the young hero?" Compress asked.

Spinner hung off the back of the couch and looked down at Midoriya. "Still on Dabi's lap! He's awake now though."

The next person to come from the back of the couch and look down at Midoriya was Compress, "Oh,  why hello there."

Midoriya smiled, "Hello."

_________

looked up a man wearing a black balaclava mask. Even with the mask Izuku could see that the man had hazel eyes and a pointed nose. Izuku knew that this was Mr.Compress and he smiled at being able to see his face, even if he couldn't see the man's hair.

"Hello," he said to the magician.

Compress smiled at him and he saw hazel eyes flit to Dabi before returning to him. "Young hero, are you aware that you are resting on a villain? Specifically, Dabi, which I can't imagine is very comfortable."

Izuku left out a huff of amusement at the way Compress spoke.

"I'm aware." Izuku said, and saw a flash of amusement cross Compress's face.

Dabi quirked up an eyebrow, "Then don't you want to move?"

Izuku shrugged from his laying position, "Nope."

"Ooo quite a bold young man you are," Compress said and brought a hand to hang above Izuku. In the next moment, appeared a blue marble that had not been there before amongst the man's fingers. It was a smooth pretty thing.

"I shall gift you this for providing a very entertaining show last night with Mr.Dabi. And for continuing to be so entertaining, even before dawn has broken for the new day." Compress said, before dropping the marble that Izuku caught easily.

Izuku brought the marble closer to look at it, and was pleased by how it seemed to shine. He was brought out of his thoughts when Dabi chuckled.

"Of course, Compress would thank you for trapping me to the couch last night." 

"Trapping you?"

Spinner pushed Dabi's head out of the way with a big smile to answer Izuku's question.

"Oh yeah! We were trying to wake you up but you weren't and then Dabi started poking your face. A lot. And while he was doing that you actually grabbed him. We couldn't get you to let him go, even when he took you to the couch so that's why he's still here and no-"

Spinner was cut off when Dabi pushed his face away.

"So yeah you trapped me here by clinging to my goddamn hand like it belonged to you."

"Oh, well it's because you're warm and comfy. Helps with my hands." Izuku said simply.

While Izuku could hear snickers from Shigaraki and Toga, Dabi looked at him dumbly, "What?"

Izuku brought up a scarred hand and turned it. He used his other hand (finally letting go of Dabi) to run his finger along his crooked fingers. Izuku thought of the warmth he felt while sleeping and how it chased the aches away. 

Green eyes met turquoise when he spoke. "Heat helps with the aches in my hands. You're warm; ergo, you made the chronic pain in my hand go away. That's probably why I didn't let go, not often I get to sleep without pain." 

_________

All heads whipped in Midoriya's direction when they heard him explain.

Dabi remembered how Toga had grabbed his hands and told him that Midoriya was hurting. Kurogiri and Compress thought about how they had seen the green-haired boy hold the teacup with both hands and looked so content. Shigaraki remembered how there were scars on the hand that had played with his hair. Spinner and Magne realized why Midoriya had not let go of Dabi. 

"Does it hurt you really badly Izuku-kun?" Toga asked, with clear concern in her voice.

They saw as Midoriya waved her off, "There's good days and bad," he paused.

"Would have appreciated a heads up from Recovery Girl about that pain but I'm sort of managing now. Dabi here, is being a big help funnily enough."

Despite the tone of his words, there was no happiness on Midoriya’s face. Instead, there was bitterness and resignation.

This kid was in pain and he somehow found comfort in a villain.

It was an odd thought to think about.

__

 

It was after a few more minutes that Midoriya looked up at Dabi and said, "You know, you're no longer trapped by me so if you wanna get up, you can."

A look of realization swept across Dabi's face before Midoriya started laughing, even as Dabi quickly pushed the kid’s head off his lap and got up quickly. 

A muttered "Finally can use the fucking bathroom," could be heard as Dabi made his way towards the designated room.

Toga joined Midoriya's laughter. When she was done, she hovered over Midoriya’s face.  From his angle, she must have looked upside down.

"Do you want some breakfast Izuku-kun?"

The boy in question seemed a little surprised at the question, but he responded. "Yeah, that'd be nice."

The next hour or so was filled with everyone requesting different food items from Kurogiri, as the poor man was the one to get them food. Although the misty villain seemed to be in a better mood when Midoriya had thanked him.

"Midoriya, would you also like tea when I return?" Kurogiri asked before leaving.

Midoriya seemed to beam at the offer and nodded his head yes.

With that, off Kurogiri went to procure breakfast for a group of villains and the hero student they kidnapped.

__

Twice went to talk to Shigaraki. "Hey boss, what do we do with the kid? We should kill him, he hasn't given us any useful information."

Shigaraki sighed, "We aren't going to kill him Twice, the kid is useful and important to UA."

"Then shouldn't you ask him questions? Kill him!"

Tomura rubbed at his eyes and resisted the urge to scratch at his neck. Twice was right. He should be asking questions, but he doubted whether the kid would give him important information to use against the heroes. So should he kill him, torture him for answers?

No...that didn’t feel right. 

After all, when he decided to kidnap the boy, it was on a sort of whim. The league had been getting antsy and tensions had gotten a bit high. He had been hoping more for a fight actually, something to let loose. But that whole plan was thrown away once Midoriya had said hello.

Was he mad about it?

No, not really. More confused and for some reason...concerned? It was an odd feeling.

Shigaraki turned to look at Midoriya who was watching Toga now draw in his notebook.

"Midoriya," he called.

The boy turned to look at him, "Yeah Shigaraki?"

"You're not going to give me information to use against the heroes are you?" He asked.

For some reason the smile Midoriya sent towards Shigaraki looked sad, "No… I won't. I'm not going to help you bring any heroes down. Unless it's Endeavor, then maybe I could give you some info to give him some trouble."

"Endeavor?"

"Yeah the guy is an absolute flaming dick that causes more damage than the 'villains' he goes after," Midoriya said, using air quotes on the word villains.

Shigaraki smiled at the description and so did Dabi.

"Honestly, he's such a bad example of a hero. He doesn't know the difference between a scared civilian that had an accident with a quirk and a killer. He chases and burns both with zero hesitation or consideration. The damages he does to public and private property is ridiculous. A simple robbery could end up with someone's  grocery store catching on fire. The man is a walking fire hazard, too proud to turn off flames that make civilians uncomfortable. Honestly, I just want to dump a cold bucket of water on the man to make that fucking mustache beard thing disappear. And don't even get me started on the treatment of his family," Midoriya clenched his fists. And the others in the bar stopped smiling when they heard the anger in Midoriya's voice.

 "A hero should know how important family is but Endeavor-he-he treats them like tools only to be discarded when they have no use." Midoriya practically spit out that last part.

The silence in the bar was suffocating and Midoriya suddenly sprung up and looked around at everyone's serious faces. They saw something akin to fear in those green eyes.

"Shit-fuck I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that, I'll just go-," Midoriya got up and started to head towards the bathroom. But he was stopped when Dabi placed a hand on the boy's shoulder.

Midoriya seemed to freeze in place. Magne, who was off to the side, saw how wide Midoriya's eyes went.

"Kid," Dabi said.

Midoriya flinched but didn't move away. He didn't seem to move at all, there wasn't even a rising and falling movement of his chest. Dabi furrowed his eyebrows and pulled his hand away, noting how some of the tension in Midoriya went away and how the boy seemed to breathe again.

"Don't you remember? We're villains, so don't apologize for talking shit and the truth about heroes. Weren't you the one that told us that if anyone would actually listen, it would be us?" Dabi asked, in a teasing tone.

When he saw Midoriya nod, Dabi grinned and nudged Midoriya forward, "Alright, now go to the bathroom. I'm pretty sure you need to use it, so go."

__

When they heard the click of the bathroom door closing, they finally spoke.

"You all saw that right?" Magne asked.

"The way that he got heated enough about Endeavor and then freaked out when he realized he did and tried to run away. The way he froze like a scared animal when Dabi touched his shoulder. Yeah I think we all saw that," Spinner said.

"It seems the young man thought we would hurt him after his little tirade." Compress said, "Even though he did indeed inform us before that we would be the ones to actually listen to such a thing. For a moment, I don't believe he was seeing us." 

"Didn't Izuku-kun say that he got hurt by others a lot, for things less than talking about heroes?"

"Yeah,he did." Shigaraki said, still looking in the direction that Midoriya had went.

 "Well that's fucked up," Dabi said, taking a seat at the bar. "If anything, I completely agreed with the kid’s criticism of the so-called number two hero. He completely froze up when I touched his shoulder. Creeped me out cause nothing before has fazed him, but that made him stop fucking breathing. Just what the fucked happened to him?"

______

Izuku tried to calm down his breathing in the bathroom. But it was like the breath was caught up in his throat. His lungs suddenly forgot how to do their job.

He looked in the mirror and hated the tears he started to see form and he angrily wiped them away. Izuku pushed his hands against his eyes, willing for the tears to stop, even though he knew it was useless. He set his elbows in the bathroom sink and rested his head in his hands. Tears slipped through his fingers and fell into the sink. His throat grated and he screamed through clenched teeth. Although, not loud enough to be heard by the bar's occupants outside.

God how could he be so stupid? How could he forget that he wasn't at his old schools, that Shigaraki, Toga and the others weren't his old classmates. That they weren't his old teachers.

He knew that they wouldn't have been mad at him about ranting to them about Endeavor. But he got caught up, his thoughts going back to Todoroki, hearing the way his father had spoken to him. How closed off and angry Todoroki had been, enough to cut himself off from half of his ability. Izuku remembered the way Endeavor spoke to him, poking at the connection to All Might and reiterating the fact that Izuku wasn't Izuku, he was stand-in for All Might. Someone for Todoroki to beat. Never mind his own dreams or ambitions, as if that mattered.

The anger overwhelmed him, muddled his thoughts and his vision. He forgot who he was with, and when he saw their faces, he didn't see them anymore.

He saw the faces of the other kids in his middle school, his teachers. He saw the faces of disgust and anger they had whenever he opened his mouth. He saw their gritted teeth and furrowed brows after he criticized any hero. He saw the faces and the heard echoes of the insults that were thrown at him as a group of kids held him down and beat him until he couldn't breathe.

All because they didn't like what he had said. All because he had poked holes in their perfect image of heroes. God forbid he talked about All Might. He could feel the sting of the cuts he had gotten that day after school. He could feel the sting of the slap that his teacher had given him in class saying 'How dare you speak about All Might that way, or any hero at all. Your kind has no place to say anything about them. You should learn to keep quiet, no one wants to hear such ridiculous disgusting things from a quirkless boy. It's an insult'.

When Dabi had set a hand on his shoulder the warmth no longer felt comforting. Instead, it was too hot and he could hear the phantom pops of Bakugou's quirk. He could smell the smoke of the blonde burning his uniform and skin. All the while he couldn't move, grip too tight, too hot.

But Dabi wasn't Bakugou, and he had removed his hand.

He spoke to Izuku in a light teasing tone. Not the loud brash way Bakugou yelled at Izuku and made him flinch as the words and insults practically hit him. No, he wasn't at school. He wasn't in Aldera. He wasn't surrounded by old classmates and bullies. It wasn't red eyes that looked at his face.

It was turquoise. 

He was in the bar.

He was with Shigaraki, Dabi, Toga, Twice, Mr.Compress, Magne, Spinner, and Kurogiri.

He drank Kurogiri's tea. Played with Shigaraki’s hair. Slept on Dabi. Mr.Compress gave him a marble. Toga called him Izuku-kun, not Deku. Twice spoke in two voices. Spinner asked him about All Might.

That's where he was, that's what he had to remember. Because, it was better than where he had been in the past.

Like he said, he's been in worse situations than this.
Notes:

    I had fun writing Compress and his dialogue. I think Midoriya would like the way the man speaks, sort of reminds him of Tokoyami. Also, yeah Izuku is like completely unfazed waking up on Dabi's lap XD.

    Poor Kurogiri is taking care of all these damn children.

    And yeah, I'm a little salty with Recovery Girl. I never really liked how she said it in canon. In this fic and au, she should know that Izuku would have to deal with residual pain, but did she tell him. No, no she did that. And Midoriya is bitter about that but he isn’t about to confront her about it or bring it up with teachers. (As you can see he doesn't have a good track record with them).

    Also, Midoriya really does not like Endeavor, not only for what the man has done as a bad hero and father. But also for just emphasizing the idea that Izuku isn't his own person now that he has OFA. (Reminder this AM is an asshole and not that good ) so this All Might already does that by trying to make Izuku like him along with Gran Torino. So this kid is just tired of that shit.

    And porbrecito, middle school and any time before that wasn't a good time for him.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 6: It's nice
Summary:

    Kurogiri comes back with food and the day goes on.

Notes:

    Posted 6/23/21

    Warning: Demeaning language from a parent (Inko) and references to mistreatment at school.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

When Kurogiri returned, he quickly noted that one particular child was missing.

"He's in the bathroom, something… happened."

Kurogiri remained silent, waiting for someone to explain. Compress was the one to fulfill that role, and Kurogiri couldn't help the way his eyes sharpened at the implications. Despite only knowing the child for a little while (the first meeting was during a damn attack). Kurogiri had started to feel a fondness for him? It was odd, and he had a feeling that the fact that when Midoriya had asked for tea had been the start of it.

In fact, he was excited to make tea again this morning. But of course, he would have to wait for the young man himself to come back from the bathroom.

Which eventually he did.

But when he returned, any sign that he had slept was gone. The dark circles seemed to have darkened and now Midoriya's eyes seemed puffy. There was a slouch in his posture and Kurogiri could see slight trembles in the boy's hands.

The young man sat down at the bar, avoiding meeting anyone's gaze until Kurogiri had set down the breakfast sandwich that he asked for in front of him.

"Thank you," Midoriya had said. But Kurogiri could hear the rasp, much different to how he sounded earlier. He noticed how Midoriya brought up a hand to his throat.

He would make sure to make slippery elm tea to help with what looked like a sore throat. 

The boy must have been quite upset to have a sore throat, Kurogiri thought. It reminded him of Shigaraki after he had gone on a screaming tantrum when he was younger.

While everyone was eating, Kurogiri could see the glances being sent towards Midoriya. When he made Midoriya's tea and set it down infront of him. Midoriya simply froze and then smiled sadly. A single tear fell from his eye as he picked up the teacup with both hands.

 

When Midoriya drank it, Kurogiri could see realization come to Midoriya about what tea it was and what purpose it served. And more silent tears fell.

__

Things were silent until Compress and Spinner started a card game. Eventually when Twice joined, noise slowly came back to the bar. Dabi took a seat next to Spinner to help Twice cheat. 

Midoriya and Toga had moved to a booth seat and the boy was watching her draw again in his notebook. Magne soon took a seat next to Toga and Shigaraki took a seat next to Midoriya. 

Shigaraki was pleased to see the color return to Midoriya's face as the boy made comments about the various drawings Toga drew. The girl had a pension for flowers and knives. There were a couple of murder scenes she drew that had made Midoriya laugh. Magne had also taken the pen and drew small designs along the corners. At one point, Midoriya gave Shigaraki the pen.

"Why are you giving me this?" Shigaraki asked, careful to hold the pen with only two fingers.

Midoriya smiled at him, "To draw, everyone at this table had drawn in the notebook here so you're next."

Magne and Toga both agreed with the hero student. The notebook was slid right in front of Shigaraki, and three pairs of eyes stared at him. Waiting for him to set the nib down on the paper.

But before that could happen a phone rang. And just like last time, Midoriya had whipped out the phone with ease and answered it without any hesitation.

_______

Izuku was not at all surprised by the phone call he got from his mom again. Ever since he was little, despite being ignored, she always kept tabs on where he was. Always saying she needed to know where he was causing trouble. Never had been to check on how he was feeling, always to check up on what he had done. So even though he wanted nothing more than to simply let the phone ring and got to voicemail. But that would only be followed by more phonecalls and the growing urge to use OFA to crush his phone. So he answered, putting on that fake cheery tone that made him want to scream. 

"Hi mom."

"Izuku! Where are you? There's no alert that you've gone home yet, just how long are you going to be at your friend's? Surely they don't need you that long. I know it's the weekend but I don't need you to be getting into trouble. I can't have you causing issues when I'm away." Inko said to him, annoyance clear in her voice.

Izuku frowned and held back from sighing as Inko would be able to hear.

"I'm sorry mom, but I'm not getting into trouble. I've just been with my friend, helping them out. Actually, it's really important that I'm here to help them out. Their parents even offered to let me stay for the rest of the weekend. I promise I'm not causing trouble," Izuku explained, essentially pleading for her to just let him stay and stop asking questions.

He waited with baited breath for her response. 

"So what, you're just planning to burden another family?" She sniped at him through the phone.

Izuku sucked in a breath like he had just been hit.

Inko continued, "You better not cause trouble, I don't need another call about you. I'm trying to work and yet you make things so difficult by making mistakes. Is that all you're good for Izuku, causing trouble?"

His grip on the phone tightened, "No."

He heard her huff on the other side of the line." Fine, stay there for all I care but don't you dare cause issues. Can't believe you're causing me stress and I'm not even there. Goodbye."

"Bye."

Then She hung up. He let out a shaky breath as he put the phone back in his pocket.

______

With how quiet the bar had gotten at the sound of the ringing phone, what Midoriya's mother had said to him had been clear as day.

They heard the unkind words the boy's  mother said to him.

They saw the tension that had finally left, return and settle back on his shoulders. It was disappointing and frustrating. But who were they to do anything involving him? It was their fault that his mother had called him, wasn't it? But was it their fault for the words she spoke, for the tone she used? Was it even Midoriya's fault?

No, no it wasn't.

Now they didn't know what to do.

But before anyone could try something they heard a grunt from Shigaraki as the man nudged Midoriya.

"What do you want me to draw brat?"

Shigaraki jumped when Toga kicked him under the table and Midoriya smiled. 

"... buildings, draw me a bunch of buildings. Draw a city far away from here." He said.

Shigaraki looked at those green eyes that still looked dull and he nodded. Careful to not decay the pen, or notebook, Tomura began drawing a city. One that was far, far away from here.
__

Later on, Midoriya ended up sitting with Compress. The man was showing Midoriya his various masks. It was amusing to see Midoriya hold each of them up with the utmost respect and care. Compress was very pleased with this.

Compress though was pulled away when Toga and Twice took one of his masks. The man was quick to chase after them.

The chase ended when Kurogiri gave them food. Apparently the man had stocked up on his trip in the morning. Mostly due to the fact that he hated leaving the bar for too long. Who's to say it would be in the same state he left it in.

Dabi had finished eating first and sat on the couch, not soon later Midoriya joined him. The boy sat right next to him, clearly settling in and keeping his hands close to the flame user.

"Comfy there princess?" Dabi smirked.

"Yup."

Dabi then brought up a hand and let out some fire. The blue flame danced in his hand.

"How about now? Scared, wanna move?"

Dabi looked away from the flame to look at Midoriya's face. He was surprised by what he saw.

Midoriya’s eyes had been dull for the most part since the night before. But now they were looking at the blue flame with such intensity. They almost seemed to glow. 

"...Pretty."  Midoriya whispered out, seemingly in awe of the flame.

Dabi's  face screwed up into confusion and he tried to look for the signs of a lie or joke in the boy's face. But he didn't find any. The way Midoriya had said pretty was completely new to him.

"Hmp," was the sound that Dabi let out before extinguishing the flame. He noticed how the shine hadn't completely disappeared from Midoriya's eyes. He didn't see how those eyes slowly closed and Midoriya fell asleep until he felt the pressure of Midoriya's head leaning against his arm.

Magne laughed at Dabi's face when he finally realized what predicament he was in again. Compress laughed while saying, "Oh how the young hero has trapped the villain once again, how delightful."

Dabi smiled and then he caught Toga's eye as she had come to look at Midoriya. He beckoned her over and signaled he wanted to tell her something. When she leaned down, he whispered something in her ear. The smile on Toga's face was full of delight as she bounded over to Shigaraki.

The next thing the red-eyed villain knew was that he was being pulled and then pushed onto the couch next to Midoriya. He sputtered at the action only to freeze when Dabi pushed Midoriya to lean on Shigaraki. Then Dabi stood up, sending an shit-eating grin to Shigaraki.

"Be careful not to decay the kid dustfuck, he's sleeping."

Shigaraki gave Dabi the finger as the others laughed.

_______

It wasn't very often that Izuku got to sleep during the day. The closest he got to that was in class but he never let himself have his eyes closed for too class. No matter how tired he was listening to the teacher explain a concept he already knew, he kept his eyes open.

Izuku was familiar with what could happen to you if you were unaware of your surroundings for too long. He remembered being startled out of sleep with a hit to his head, or a loud noise right by his ear that left it ringing for the rest of the day. He remembered once that when he opened his eyes, his middle school class was gone. Or at least that's what he thought before he opened the door and found them waiting for him with smiles that only promised pain. The teacher was nowhere in sight.

And the teachers.

They loved to call him out and give him extra work for falling asleep in class. Extra work that made him stay up late, another thing that didn't let him sleep other than nightmares. It was an endless cycle.

One that has slowly become obsolete at UA. Despite having fallen asleep in class, none of those things happened. The closest was when a paper airplane that Sero had made hit his head. The boy apologized of course when it startled Izuku so much he fell out of his chair. The odd thing that Izuku had noticed since going to UA, was that never once was he woken up by the sound of explosions. Iida had been quick to tell him that he and his other classmates never let Bakugou do that as 'It's incredibly rude to wake someone up like that'.

The teachers never gave him extra work. Instead, they told him to get more sleep and to try his best to not let it happen again. Aizawa-sensei had even asked him if he was having issues sleeping. Or if he needed to talk to Hound dog or Recovery Girl. It had been surprising to hear concern and suggestions for better sleep to come from the man that consistently took naps throughout the day.

But despite this, Izuku didn't let himself close his eyes too long anywhere unless it was time to go to bed. Although, that never guaranteed he'd get any sleep.

Except now he was sleeping, yet again amongst villains. 

What a funny situation he was in.

But even funnier was the fact that he was having an odd dream. At least it should be a dream. It didn't feel like any dream he had before.

He found himself in a seemingly never-ending expanse of black smoke and a hard floor. He himself seemed to be made up of this smoke. He found that he didn't even have a mouth.

And not very far away from him were lights.  Eight to be in fact. He could barely make out their figures. But what he could hear was snippets of voices carried over by wind that seemed to be coming out of nowhere.

"-is not okay! Just look at him, he-"

"Just what is the eighth doing!?"

"-'m worried about him."

"-ait, he's  here! Le-"

It sounded like multiple people talking, but he could barely pick the voices out. He couldn't hear them clearly. He wondered who they were talking about.

Who was the eighth?

Worried about who?

He looked down at his body made of smoke, and the blank expanse before him.

Despite never dreaming this, or seeing a place like this, he had the feeling that he should  know.

He looked back to the lights and blurry figures. For a moment he thought he saw one of them more clearly. A woman?

Then like before when he had fallen asleep after drinking chamomile tea, someone whispered in a soft voice. But this time it wasn't inside his head but rather right by his ear.

"It's okay Izuku, we can wait a little bit longer. Don't worry, we'll still be here."

Then Izuku found himself feeling like he was being pulled away from wherever he was. 
__

When he opened his eyes, he found Toga smiling at him. And he noticed that he wasn't as warm as he had been before. Actually wasn't he leaning towards his right before?

Midoriya removed his head from whoever he was leaning on to his left. Then he looked up.

Red eyes were looking at him through bluish-grey strands of hair.

Shigaraki.

He had been taking a nap leaning against Shigaraki. Dabi must have left at some point and somehow got Shigaraki to replace him on his other side.

Shigaraki hadn't said anything yet and was just looking at him. He hadn't moved either. 

Not feeling particularly inclined to move himself, Izuku simply looked back down and put his head back to its original positon: leaning against Shigaraki.

Toga's smile somehow got bigger.
Notes:

    I have limited tea knowledge, but according to Google that tea would be good for a sore throat.

    Poor LOV doesn't really know how to deal with a kid who was obviously crying and simply not having a good time.

    Inko really ignored her kid and then has the audacity to act like he's such a burden. We do not stan.

    Midoriya, my sweet boy, if your dreams show people talking about worrying for someone while you are currently not having a good time, the answer should be very clear.

    Midoriya really has no said the expectations of mainting distance from villains who could kill you don't apply when you are depressed and want to be comfortable. We stan.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

    I apologize for typos. Typing on my phone is >:( and autocorrect is rude

Chapter 7: Sleepovers Over
Summary:

    The weekend comes to an end.

Notes:

    Posted 6/24/21

    Warning: Implied suicidal Midoriya.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Shigaraki had sat with Midoriya sleeping against his arm for a total of about 45 minutes until the kid had woken up. He hadn't known how to react when Midoriya simply looked at him with those green eyes and then went back to leaning his head on him.

Again it made Shigaraki think about what was going on in the  kid’s mind. Because who in their right mind would just go back to leaning their head on him? Why didn't Midoriya move?

The thought of 'he has a death wish' crossed his mind. It made him feel uncomfortable when the theory didn't seem so far out. Shigaraki was all too familiar with the thought of death. And here was Midoriya who was toeing the line by doing things that should have resulted with him getting seriously hurt or even killed.

Shigaraki wouldn't have hesitated to decay anyone else if they had touched him. Dabi was similar with his fire. Toga of course was quite talented with a knife, Midoriya even had to catch one of the knives she had thrown at him when he first arrived. Spinner could have killed Midoriya for criticizing Stain. Twice could have decided to listen to that other voice. And Magne or Compress could have simply decided to kill him.

Midoriya could have already been killed multiple times since being warped to the bar. But it seemed as if he didn't care. He looked at them with dull eyes and a tired face. He didn't hesitate to be close to them or say things that could have easily gotten a bad reaction.

By all means the hero student should be dead.

Yet somehow he wasn't.

That was the thought running through Shigaraki's mind other than how it felt nice to have someone lean on you. He looked down at Midoriya who was watching Toga. The girl was showing him knives that she seemed to pull out of nowhere. Tomura found it amusing how Midoriya had something to say about her knives. Toga seemed to appreciate it though, it wasn't often that she got to go on about her knives. When she had in the past she would start to get a little bit too enthusiastic, but for some reason Midoriya had a calming effect on her.

Even though Midoriya had ruined his plans with getting information or letting off steam by fighting, he in a way lessened the tension that had built up in the group. Maybe it was by giving them all something to focus on. Or by introducing them to someone new who wouldn't kill them. Or maybe it was by simply confusing the hell out of them. Whatever the reason, Midoriya’s presence helped.

Although, it left them with many questions and unpleasant thoughts regarding the green-haired boy.

______

The rest of the day was rather lackluster.

At some point, Magne had left with Twice Spinner, and Dabi. Shigaraki had gone to his room. Toga drew more in Midoriya's notebook while Compress watched. Izuku watched them for a while before returning to the couch.

When the others returned they had a meeting that Izuku was not a part of. It took a while and the day was getting late.

Eventually the sun went down and the moon went up. A few of them went to bed or took up a spot in the bar by themselves.

Izuku himself settled back to the bar while Kurogiri was in his usual spot behind the counter. He flipped through the notebook, looking at the drawings. He was amused by Toga's flowers and Magne's designs that were next to drawings of people getting stabbed. Izuku spent a few minutes looking at Shigaraki’s drawing.

He had told him to draw him buildings, a city that was far far away from here. Shigaraki delivered. Izuku hadn't known that Shigaraki was good at drawing, albeit a little rough around the edges (could be explained by his quirk). 

The city Shigaraki had drawn was surrounded by grasslands. The buildings twisted and connected in different ways. There was a mixture of tall and short towers. It was a small city bunched up together, only to suddenly end once you got to a certain point. After that point, there was only tall grass that would sway in the wind. Izuku ran a finger along the lines of the buildings and grass. He imagined how it would feel to go to the edge of Shigaraki's city and lay down. To look up at the sky and see the ends of the grass against the blue while just in the corner of your eye, was the glint of metal from one of the buildings. 

Would anyone even be able to see him lying in the grass? Could he just disappear amongst the grass that swayed in the wind? It was an enticing thought, to just disappear.

But Izuku couldn’t do that. He closed the notebook.

"Kurogiri," Izuku said in a small voice and the misty man looked at him. "Can I have some tea? Not chamomile though, I don't think I want to sleep tonight."

"Are you sure Midoriya, I insist that you sleep."

Izuku smiled sadly at the man. "I'm sorry but I don't think sleep will be kind to me tonight."

Kurogiri's form seemed to flicker at Izuku's statement, but not a second later was the man preparing him tea. 

When Kurogiri set the tea down in front of Izuku, he stayed. Scarred hands quickly wrapped around the teacup and Midoriya closed his eyes at the sensation. He opened them when he felt a patting sensation on his head. Kurogiri's hand was ruffling his hair while the man spoke.

"I can stay up with you Midoriya, if you'd like."

"I'd like that very much Kurogiri."

_______

The rest of the night was rather silent. There was the sound of Kurogiri walking back and forth, the clinking of glasses, the sound of Midoriya putting the teacup down, and the sound of Twice snoring. 

At one point Kurogiri spotted Midoriya staring dead ahead. The boy didn't seem to be present, as he didn't seem to notice him at all. It was concerning to see that blank face. To see those eyes that looked like they had seen things a child should never see.

Just what has Midoriya seen? What was it that made the boy seem as if a weight was dragging him down?

Kurogiri eyed the now empty teacup in Midoriya's hands. Hands that held the teacup like it was precious, hands that were strong enough to trap Dabi, hands quick enough to catch a knife, hands of a boy who seemed so tired.

"Do you think I'll be a good hero Kurogiri?" Midoriya suddenly asked.

The answer itself, Kurogiri though, should be obvious. Midoriya already had the makings of a great hero. Why was he asking such a thing?

"There's a lot of reasons I could come up with. There's lot of reasons that society wouldn't want someone like me to be a hero. Lot's of reasons as to how I won't be a good hero. So what do you think Kurogiri, do you think I'll be a good hero?"

Kurogiri felt something inside him shift uncomfortably at Midoriya's words. Something that made him think of clouds and rooftops. He thought of Midoriya's actions at USJ and the incident with Stain.

"I believe," Kurogiri said, catching Midoriya's eyes, "that you will help people to the best of your ability."

Apparently, it looked like Kurogiri’s answer was the right one as Midoriya smiled at him.

In a broken voice the boy said, "That's all I ever wanted to do."

___

The next morning, the members of the LOV (other than Kurogiri who didn't sleep) woke up to see Midoriya lying on the floor right next to the couch.

"Hey princess, the couch is literally right there," Dabi said, standing over the boy and pointing at the couch.

"Oh it is?" Midoriya asked, "I didn't notice."

Spinner laughed at the blank face Midoriya sent towards Dabi.

"Why are you on the floor Midoriya?" Spinner asked.

"I'm thinking."

"About…"

"Stuff. The past. The future. What I have to do. What others will make me do. What I want to do, but most likely won't get to do. Ya know, just stuff." Midoriya shrugged while he laid on the floor.

"Sounds fucked up," Dabi said.

"It is. But that's just how it is, I'm used to this." Midoriya said.

Magne stepped over to Midoriya with her giant magnet that could be the size of a shorter person. She used her quirk to pull Midoriya up from the floor. He seemed surprised but not at all upset by the sudden movement or how Magne seemed to catch him under his armpits.

"Oh that's so cool," was all he said as he hung a few inches off the ground.

Magne smiled, "Thanks," she said before setting him to sit on the couch and walking away.

Compress laughed when he heard Midoriya mutter "she's so strong".

__

That day everyone ate much later than planned. Midoriya drank black tea which Toga had twisted her face in disgust when he offered for her to taste. 

"Blood tastes so much better Izuku-kun."

"Really?"

"Yup! It's the best."

"Huh," Midoriya said ,"well to each their own I guess. But I think Kurogiri's tea is better than any blood. Although who knows, maybe if you put some blood in the tea it will taste good."

Midoriya didn't notice how everyone paused at what he had just suggested. Toga whipped her head to Kurogiri who was already sighing at what he would end up doing. Kurogiri waved off the apologetic look Midoriya sent  him.

_____

As the day progressed, Izuku became more and more aware of an important fact.

"Shigaraki," he called out.

"Yeah?"

"I have school tomorrow."

Shigaraki looked at him dumbly.

Izuku continued, "I have to go back home, gotta go to school and all that."

Shigaraki continued to not say anything and Izuku saw that the others were simply silent.

Izuku sighed. "I can't give you any information to use, you already know that. I don't even know where the bar is, so you don't have to worry about me telling the heroes or whatever. No one even knows that you guys took me. And I don't particularly feel like telling them."

"That means you can stay Izuku-kun!"

Izuku shook his head, "No Toga, I can't."

"Why not?"

"Just can't, responsibilities and all that. Gotta go to UA to be a hero blablabla etcetera etcetera."

Spinner snickered, "You don't seem too excited there Midoriya."

Izuku sent a deadpan look at Spinner, "Should I be jumping up and screaming in joy?"

"Yes!" Twice yelled.

"NO!" Shigaraki said quickly.

Izuku smiled, shrugged, and bent his knees as if preparing to jump, "Sorry, but I'm getting missed signals here."

"Midoriya, please refrain from screaming," Kurogiri said from behind the bar.

"You got it tea master," Izuku said.

""Tea master?"Shigaraki asked

"What? Kurogiri needs a name fitting for his skills in making good tea. Anyways we're getting off track here," Izuku said.

"We'll let you go later tonight Midoriya," Shigaraki said.

"We will?" Dabi asked.

"Yeah, kid won't give us the information we need and it'll be too much trouble if the heroes come looking for him."

Izuku pouted, "And here I was, thinking I was being kept for my good looks and charms."

"Good looks?" Dabi snorted, "Kid, you look like you'll drop dead."

"Hey!" Toga yelled running up to hug Izuku, "Izuku-kun is really pretty!"

Izuku smiled and put his arm around Toga, " Yeah Dabi, I'm pretty!" He looked at Compress and Magne, "You guys think I'm pretty, don't you?"

"Sure."

"Quite a beauty I must say."

Izuku smiled when Spinner started to laugh.

But it was a smile that didn't stay for long. 

Going back to UA meant to go back to putting up a smile. To pretending that he wasn't a second away from falling to the floor and just closing his eyes and keeping them closed. It meant back to seeing red eyes glare at him and hearing those damn explosions. It meant that he'd probably break another bone during training, as All Might had yet to find out how to help him. Izuku questioned if the man had even listened to him.

But it's what he had to do.

He wanted to be a hero, he wanted to help people.

But damn did it feel good to not have to force a smile for the past few days.

_____

Despite how sure Shigaraki had sounded about what they were going to do, he was unsure. It would be troublesome if Midoriya stayed, there was no real reason really to keep him there. But there was a small part of his brain telling him to make the green-haired boy stay. 

But he couldn't do that.

The kid would be warped back home and he would do what he needed to do to become a hero.

Although, from the look of it, Midoriya didn't seem excited about what it entailed.

Just another question surrounding Midoriya.

Shigaraki looked at the kid who was sitting with Magne and Compress. The magician was showing him a magic trick.

He wondered if he'd ever be able to answer those questions.
__

It was at 9:30 pm when Kurogiri finally opened a warp to Midoriya's home. The boy didn't seem to troubled that they knew his address.

"Well," Midoriya said, looking at them while standing infront of the purple mist holding his grocery bag with one can of soup and his notebook, "this was fun. 10 out of 10 kidnapping, would recommend."

"Seriously?" Dabi asked with a raised eyebrow. 

"Yup. The tea was top tier and you were quite comfortable for sleeping on, including you," Midoriya said, also looking at Shigaraki.

Spinner snickered, "How are you not dead?"

Midoriya shrugged. "I ask myself the same thing. Now before I leave, I have this," he took out a piece of paper and held it out for Toga to take, "it's for you, I hope you like it."

Toga smiled when she grabbed the paper, and hugged him, "Thank you Izuku-kun!"

Midoriya hugged her back before letting her go and Toga ran to Magne to show her the drawing.

They saw as Midoriya looked at each of them with those green eyes. They still looked dull and tired. But there seemed to be a bit of light in them than compared to before (albeit small).

When Midoriya stepped through the warp, they could have sworn the light disappeared.
Notes:

    I enjoy the thought that Shigaraki would be good at drawing.

    Finally got head pats from Kurogiri!

    Magne used her quirk! That's how she pulled Midoriya to her with her hammer.

    Oh no, what ever will happen to Midoriya. He's clearly not looking forward to some of the aspects that comes with leaving.

    Midoriya's behavior and thoughts have big implications. He's depressed and his behavior is leaning towards suicide/suicidal tendencies. It's like Shigaraki had thought, Midoriya is toeing the line of actions that could easily get him killed, all the while doing it with little care. This is something important that I want to have in this fic.

     Don't worry this isn't the last chapter :p

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Chapter 8: Logical Doors
Summary:

    First day back at UA after being kidnapped. Not fun.

Notes:

    Posted 6/24/21

    Warning: description of abusive parenting (really there is no other way to describe Inko), depression/anxiety, anxiety attack, and bakugou typical violence.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It's funny how one step into a place can make you feel like you're drowning. 

There was no relief or lightness on Izuku's shoulders when he stepped out in front of his front door. Instead, he felt an old familiar weight settle back into its home in his chest and lungs that made drawing each breath a task.

Home.

Or at least that's what it should be, but never once did Izuku feel welcomed there. Instead he was ignored, criticized, scrutinized, and neglected.

Inko Midoriya was a concoction of contradictions and hypocrisies. She'd go from treating him as a roommate to a child that needed their every move recorded. Inko would never give him affection, then expect Izuku to respond sweetly to her and to not cause trouble for his 'poor mother'. He wasn't allowed to miss a phone call from her, while his calls always went to voicemail. She used to complain about the parent teacher conferences that she never attended.

What a loving mother indeed.

Home? Izuku doubted whether or not he'd ever truly find out what that felt like.

For now, he heated up the other can of soup and tried to prepare himself for school the next day in silence that was deafening.

__

It was amusing to walk down the halls of UA after having spent the weekend in company of villains. Especially two villains that had attacked the very institution of education he attended.

Izuku couldn't exactly bring himself to care.

Instead, he was trying his best to collect enough energy to open the unnecessarily large door of class 1-A. Why the damn door needed to be so large, Izuku had to think about the answer for a moment.

Wait, there's a possibility that past or future UA students may not fit through a "normal" size door. Quirks, mutations, and simply people who were bigger than others existed, after all.

Izuku sighed. So yeah, maybe it made sense, but still, Izuku was small and didn't enjoy the fact that the door could be so overbearing. Sue him.

He was glaring at the door when he noticed his homeroom teacher appear next to him. Not bothering to look at the man and still glaring at the door, Izuku spoke.

"I know it's logical for the door to be so big Sensei, but sometimes I just wish it was smaller." 

Izuku looked to the side to see his teacher looking at him.  He heard the man sigh, "I'm glad to see one of my students shares the same thought as I do. But for now let's go inside, class will start soon."

Green eyes returned to the door and Izuku took a deep breath as if preparing for a fight. "Alright Aizawa-sensei," he said before he finally pushed open the door.

_______

Shouta had thought that Midoriya was one of his students he'd have to keep a closer eye on since the beginning. He had been correct.

But what he hadn't expected was for his student to be still standing outside of the class door minutes before the bell. And looking dead on his feet. He had known that Midoriya didn't particularly get sleep or a decent amount of sleep, but the appearance of  Midoriya made him feel concerned. The teen looked too similar to how Shouta saw himself sometimes.

Then Midoriya, without even looking at him, noticed he was there and posed an odd question.

First off, no one really was able to be aware of Shouta's presence so easily. Second, no one ever said the size of the doors was logical (they seemed to forget the possibilities of students or teachers with a bigger than usual stature).

 Then there was Midoriya, glaring at the door. Acknowledging the intelligence in the design, but wishing (like Shouta usually did) that it was smaller. When Shouta told his student that they should get inside he saw Midoriya take a deep breath, as if the task of going inside to see his classmates was as exhausting as it was for him.

But what was most perplexing was seeing how, as the door opened, a smile suddenly appeared on Midoriya's face. How the exhaustion Shouta was sure he had seen, was suddenly not visible anymore. In less than a second, his student completely changed.

It was only until Aizawa let his class know that they had a week until their final exams that he saw some of Midoriya's exhaustion peek through.

_______

Izuku could feel aches in his hand when he heard about the final exams. The actual tests on paper he wasn't very concerned about. But the practical... that, he was worried about. Even when some upperclassmen told them it would be against robots and several of his classmates looked relieved, Izuku did not.

That was during a typical year.

They have not had a typical year. Izuku suspected that Nedzu had something special in store for this year's final exams. Something twisted in his gut, anxiety clawed up his throat, making him lose his appetite.

He ignored the concerned looks coming from Iida and Uraraka. But eventually those looks started to feel like too much and Izuku left the cafeteria.

He made his way back to an empty classroom and let out a sigh of relief. Izuku sat down at his desk and put his head down. With the other hand he reached into his pocket and touched the familiar small object he brought to school. When he pulled it out, he was pleased to see light from the window making the marble shine its beautiful blue. He smiled at the memory of Compress 'gifting' it to him.

Izuku stared at the marble and rolled it around on his desk until his classmates returned. Aoyama had smiled and complimented him on having something that shined in his possession. 

But when the others came in and Izuku saw familiar red eyes, he quickly put the marble away. He made sure to keep quiet and his head down until their next class started. He flinched at the booming voice All Might had when he entered their room and announced they would be doing some activities in one of the training grounds.

The weight in his chest felt even heavier than before.

___

Izuku got dressed into his hero costume a lot slower than usual. Several worried glances were sent his way. As the students waited for All Might (as the man was somehow always late for his own class exercises), Izuku leaned against Shoji. The masked boy put one of his many hands on Izuku's shoulder.

"Are you alright Midoriya?" Shoji asked, with clear worry in his voice. He could see how Midoriya's face was unusually white and how he seemed to still be swaying. Shoji made sure to pull Midoriya closer to his side.

Izuku let out a shaky breath and leaned his head against Shoji. The masked boy was strong, and Izuku  focused on the sensation of Shoji's grip on him.

"I'll be fine, but can I just stay here like this for a bit?" He asked.

Izuku felt a reassuring squeeze on his shoulder, "Yeah Midoriya, you can stay here. I don't mind."

"Thank you Shoji."

___

Izuku stayed leaning against Shoji when All Might arrived and explained to them what their exercise would be.

Sparring matches, again. Quirk use, as usual, was allowed. And once again (like some big cosmic joke) Izuku's sparring partner for class was Bakugou. When that was announced, several worried looks were sent towards Izuku and Shoji seemed to pull Izuku a little closer.

Everyone was taking turns fighting for 5 minutes. The class stood off to the side of a fighting area outlined by white paint, much like the one-on-one matches in the sports festival. Izuku sighed at how the set up left little room for improvement for his classmates. It seemed All Might had yet to take the variety of quirks and fighting styles in class 1-A into consideration.

After each match, the twisting in Izuku's gut only got worse and he stayed leaning against Shoji.  When it was Shoji's turn to go fight, the boy had practically carried Izuku and gave him to Tokoyami. Tokoyami looked surprised for only a moment before nodding at Shoji. Dark Shadow came out and burrowed under Izuku's left arm and Tokoyami supported him on the right. When Shoji returned, Tokoyami made no move to give Izuku back. The two of them simply stood at Izuku's side.

But soon enough, All Might was calling both Bakugou and Midoriya to the ring.

Shoji and Tokoyami shared worried looks while Dark Shadow was hesitant to let Izuku go. 

When Midoriya was at the outskirts of the ring he heard Sero say something.

"All Might, Midoriya doesn't look so good. I think he should sit this out."

Murmurs of agreement were heard from the rest of his classmates, but they were all drowned out by All Might's laugh.

"Do not worry! Midoriya is perfectly capable and it would be cruel to exclude him from the activity as it would also impede young Bakugou. The match will continue as planned!" 

Each of All Might's words made the weight in Izuku's chest settle just a little bit deeper. And he had to scream at his feet in his mind to take the final steps into the ring and in front of Bakugou.

Izuku let out a ragged breath when he lifted his head to look Bakugou in the face. Even though Izuku knew he was probably looking sick at the moment, Bakugou just sneered at him and said, "You're dead Deku."

Before Izuku was even given the chance to attempt to take another breath, All Might yelled "BEGIN!".

____

The only way class 1-A could describe Midoriya's match with Bakugou was with one word.

Disturbing.

They had all seen how unwell Midoriya had looked back since the start of All Might's class. They had seen how Midoriya had gotten dressed slowly and didn't seem fully there. They had seen the way he had leaned against Shoji and Tokoyami for support.

Midoriya looked like he was going to pass out or throw up at any second. 

When Midoriya walked up to the ring, they couldn't keep quiet.

Sero had called out to All Might, telling him that Midoriya didn't look well and shouldn't fight today. Everyone had seemed relieved when Sero said this and they agreed. They were sure that now that All Might had been told, that the man would make sure that Midoriya went to Recovery Girl.

But instead, the hero laughed. He reassured them that Midoriya was fine and that the match would continue. 

Midoriya meanwhile said nothing and walked into the ring. He still didn't look all there, but surely All Might would know best. Right?

They had noticed how All Might was somehow close to Midoriya. So wasn't it possible that Midoriya was alright? Wouldn't All Might know if Midoriya needed to rest or get help?

These were the thoughts that ran through their minds until All Might yelled "Begin".

Then they came to the conclusion that All Might was wrong.

Bakugou had started the fight with a bang and a scream of the word "die" and they saw Midoriya barely miss getting hit with the brunt of it. Bakugou was relentless, not giving Midoriya even time to breathe without letting off an explosion.

Now usually Midoriya would have been able to keep up, but something was wrong with their favorite green-haired freckled classmate.

The Midoriya in the ring was unsteady on his feet and they could hear his ragged breathing. The Midoriya in front of them kept running from Bakugou, and even then, they didn't see too much of green lightning.

Why wasn't Midoriya using his quirk?

All Might seemed to have had the same thought as he yelled for Midoriya to use his quirk. The man seemingly unaware of the clear distress his student was in.

"All Might, don't you think you should end the match? There's something obviously wrong with Midoriya. He's not okay."

All eyes turned to Mineta who had been the one to speak. They could see clear concern in the short boy's eyes.

"Not fine?" All Might asked, obviously sounding like he didn't believe what Mineta had said. "You should not make excuses for your fellow classmates i-"

"THE FUCK DEKU! ARE YOU LOOKING DOWN ON ME YOU PIECE OF SHIT!?" 

Everyone turned around at Bakugou's yell and a few of them gasped in horror when they realized what they were looking at.

Bakugou was clutching the front of Midoriya's hero costume. The other hand was already in the position to let off another explosion concerningly close to Midoriya.

And Midoriya, oh Midoriya. 

They took in the details of their classmate.

He seemed to be hanging limply in Bakugou's grip. They could see smoke coming from singed pieces of his uniform. The boy's head hung down to his chest and they saw blood drip onto the floor below. His ragged breaths sounded worse than before.

"Oh my god! Midoriya! Bakugou let go of him!" Kaminari yelled, running up to the two boys.

Bakugou turned towards Kaminari with his face screwed up in anger, "HAH? WHAT THE HELL DID YOU SAY TO ME DUNCE FACE?"

Before Kaminari could respond, All Might told Bakugou that the match was over, with him winning. 

"What about Midoriya?" Uraraka asked when All Might didn't say anything regarding the boy.

"You and young Kaminari can take him to Recovery Girl and then return back with him. I wish to give Midoriya some criticisms regarding his match." All Might said calmly before calling for the next two students up for their match.

Uraraka didn't waste time making her way towards Kaminari who now was trying to support Midoriya's weight as the boy seemed to be unable to carry himself. 

"Thank you Uraraka," Kaminari said when she used her quirk to lighten Midoriya's weight. And she walked beside Kaminari as the boy carried Midoriya.

"Let get him to Recovery Girl."
Notes:

    Yeah, Inko sucks in this au and I think fits the criteria to be called an abusive parent. You should love your child. (This is AU so she's written differently!)

    The big-ass doors do make sense even if that doesn't make them seem less pretentious. Also fight me, Aizawa is gonna be aware that something is up with the Problem Child. Izuku tries to hide things with a smile but it's clear that he is not okay (his classmates notice). And I will have some shoji and tokoyami comfort, they deserve love.

    Did anyone notice the marble?

    All Might in this au is a fucking idiot and not teacher material. Like sir one on one matches are not the only way to practice fighting (this is blatantly obvious to Izuku). (This is an Au so he is written differently!)

    Because the boy having hella bad anxiety/anxiety attack and possibly even dissociation is perfect sparring partner material. <-- I say as the person who wrote izuku in this situation 👀

    Anywaysss I decided to write a mineta thats a lil more accurate to acanon (cause in canon despite some inapropriate talking and actions, he isnt as bad as a lot of other minetas in fics) and Kaminari to call Bakugou out on some of his shit. Also apologies for ass Might, in this au he just is not a good guy

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Chapter 9: The Fighting Duo
Summary:

    Kaminari and Uraraka, rightfully so, do not follow All Might's directions.

Notes:

    Posted: 6/25/21

    Warning: description of flashbacks and shitty parenting(Inko).

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Izuku couldn't think straight with all the explosions Bakugou was creating. Much less come up with an effective counterattack when he couldn't breathe.

His mind was muddled and Bakugou's hero costume kept turning into the black gakuran from middle school. Funnily enough, the look in Bakugou's eye was the same. It left Izuku wanting to not move an inch and to flee at the same time. For more than a few times during the fight, he forgot that he had One for All. There were moments where he was so caught up in Bakugou wearing that black uniform that he didn't use his quirk to move.

Izuku just wanted for the explosions to stop, he wanted to stop tasting blood, he just wanted to be able to breathe. But Bakugou wouldn't let him.

At some point (Izuku couldn't care less when, as long as the explosions stopped) Bakugou grabbed him and held him up. Izuku's head sagged forward and he couldn't bring himself to look up at those damned red eyes. He'd do anything to not have to look at the hate in those eyes.

"THE FUCK DEKU! ARE YOU LOOKING DOWN ON ME YOU PIECE OF SHIT?"

He had no energy left to even address the absolute bullshit coming out of Bakugou's mouth. He was putting all that energy into trying to breathe. Why was it so hard to just fucking breathe?

His ears were still ringing, but he could have sworn that someone yelled at Bakugou. He wondered who.

His question was answered when he felt a slight tingle from another pair of hands.

Kaminari.

"Fuck Midoriya, are you okay? Wait that's a dumb question, you're clearly not. Don't worry, I got you."

It was at those words that Izuku stopped trying to hold himself up. He let himself sag into Kaminari’s hold. He wanted to laugh when he heard the small 'oof' that came out of the boy. Instead, he coughed.

A few moments later he found himself feeling weightless and carried in Kaminari's arms. Izuku let himself close his eyes as he knew that Uraraka and Kaminari were there. They wouldn't let something bad happen to him like this. They were strong. They were kind.

________

"I'm going to electrocute Bakugou until he passes out next time I see him," Kaminari hissed, tightening his grip on Midoriya.

"And I'll gladly help, right after I break his nose," Uraraka said, cracking her knuckles as she walked beside the blonde.

Kaminari nodded."And then you'll help me with All Might?"

"Absolutely."

__

Kaminari and Uraraka wasted no pleasantries going to Recovery Girl. The woman barely had time to yell at them for kicking the door open before Uraraka told her what happened and why Midoriya was there.

"So he overdid it again, didn't he? I thought I told Midoriya-"

Uraraka's fists clenched together as she spoke, "Midoriya didn't do anything! This was all Bakugou with his quirk. Midoriya was already not well but All Might made him fight and Bakugou went crazy. Now Midoriya's hurt and it isn't because of any broken bones!"

Recovery Girl simply frowned and sucked at her teeth. She directed Kaminari to lay Midoriya on one of the beds in the corner.

When Uraraka deactivated her quirk, Kaminari was able to lay Izuku out on the bed. He made sure to sweep Midoriya's hair out of his face and tried to make him open his eyes. When Kaminari finally saw green eyes he smiled, "Hey Midoriya, you're going to fine, okay. You'll be healed up in no time. Uraraka is going to stay with you while I get Aizawa-sensei."

Kaminari said this in a calm voice while patting one of Midoriya's hands, letting him know that he was there because Midoriya seemed to be out of it. He watched as green eyes slowly from looking at his face to where Uraraka was. He made sure that Uraraka had her hand on Midoriya's when he moved.

"I'm going to go get Aizawa-sensei and come back as quick as I can. Do not leave Midoriya alone alright?"

"You got it Kaminari."

With that Kaminari left, searching for the one teacher that was actually competent.

_______

Shouta was attempting to grade papers when he heard a commotion at the door of the teachers’ lounge. He got up from the couch and walked over to see Cementos talking to what looked like a very pissed-off Kaminari.

"-ren’t allowed here. Now if this isn't important, you can as-"

"Isn't important!? He's in the infirmary so I need to get Aizawa-sensei right now, or I swear to go-"

"Kaminari," Shouta said and was pleased to see that instantly Kaminari's gold eyes met his. "What is it, who's in the infirmary, and why do you need me?"

Cementos moved to let Shouta take his place at the entrance of the lounge and in front of Kaminari.

The look on the boy's face was unlike what he had seen before. Usually, there was a sly smile and eyes that never stayed looking in one spot for too long. But that was not the student he had in front of him now. No, now Kaminari's eyes stared right back into his own with no sense of nervousness or fear.

"Midoriya's in Recovery Girls office and it’s not his fault. I can tell you on the way or in the office where Uraraka can back me up, but we have to go now Sensei," Kaminari said, with no fanfare no dancing around the topic. This was straight to the point, blunt.

Shouta listened. He wasted no time in asking more questions and started walking to the infirmary. Kaminari was at his side silent as he hadn't asked for the boy to explain. Shouta wanted to hear what both Kaminari and Uraraka had to say. He'd also like to hear what Midoriya would have to say as well. So he'd wait until he was in the infirmary, for now, he moved.

___

When they arrived at the infirmary, Shouta had not been expecting his other student, Uraraka to be looking at Recovery Girl with such fury in her eyes.

"I'm not leaving until Aizawa-sensei is here!"

Recovery Girl tapped her cane against in what an obvious sign of annoyance and frustration, "Now, now I can't have you around my patients and I still need to get All Mi-"

"All Might!? It's his fault that Midoriya's here in the first place!"

Before the argument could go any further, Shouta made his presence know to the youthful heroine. "Recovery Girl, has Midoriya been healed yet? What were his injuries?"

He noted how Recovery Girl didn't seem pleased to see him, but she answered anyway. "He had some bruises, minor concussion, he bit the inside of his cheek, some mild burns, and smoke inhalation. The smoke inhalation has been taken care of and so have the burns. He didn't have quite enough energy to completely get rid of the bruises, so he'll be tender for a day and so will the inside of his cheek. He's had worse concussions so he'll be fine overall."

Shouta cataloged all the information before responding, "Thank you, now I'll be speaking to Kaminari and Uraraka in private. We'll be staying here though with Midoriya."

Recovery Girl scowled at the last part, but when Shouta said nothing else she huffed and walked away. Once she was gone, Shouta turned towards his two students who quickly led him towards Midoriya.

When Midoriya came into sight, Shouta held back from hissing. The boy looked like he had stood right in front of various explosions. The name Bakugou instantly came to mind.

He looked at Kaminari and Uraraka who had each taken a position on either side of the bed as if guarding Midoirya.

"Both of you explain."

And explain they did.

Uraraka explained how in lunch Midoriya didn't eat and left the cafeteria. Kaminari explained how Midoriya looked sick while the boys were getting dressed and how Midoriya actually spent most of All Might’s class leaning against Shoji and Tokoyami. They explained how the problem child looked pale, unsteady on his legs, and seemed to have trouble breathing.

Then they told him how All Might called Midoriya up for his match with Bakugou. Of course, it was Bakugou.

The image his two students painted as they described how Midoriya walked up to her ring wasn't a pleasant one. He had a moment of pride when he heard one of his other students spoke up in concern until it was crushed by fury when he heard that All Might had dismissed his class's worries about Midoriya.

Kaminari actually started to give off sparks when he told Shouta that, and the hero was forced to use his quirk to avoid an accident. He didn't make a comment though, his students had a right to be angry and it was clear that they were holding it in while in his presence.

What happened in All Might's class should have never had happened. Midoriya should have been excluded and sent to Recovery Girl for showing signs that he was obviously not okay. His students should not have had to watch their classmate be pitted against Bakugou. A boy who didn't know the meaning of restraint and who held a particular amount of anger towards the green-haired boy. They should not have had to witness such a thing, especially since the number one hero was right there to stop it.

"And then he had the audacity to say a last-minute comment about me taking Midoriya to Recovery girl and bring him right back so he good give Midoriya criticism on his match," Uraraka said.

It was at hearing this, that Shouta lost his grip on his restraint, "He said what?"

It was impressive to see that neither Kaminari nor Uraraka cowered under what he knew was a terrifying gaze. They were silent as Shouta took out his phone to see where All Might exactly was.

When he started walking away, both Uraraka and Kaminari followed. When Shouta opened the door leading to the hallway, it was a to a surprised Midnight. The woman barely had time to reply when Shouta had told her to go and watch over Midoriya and not leave him alone. After telling the rated R hero that, Shouta was on the move again with two of his students close behind.

In less than a few minutes were Shouta, Kaminari, and Uraraka walking into class 1-A. They interrupted whatever jargon All Might was saying with serious faces and eyes that made the other students in their class flinch.

"Uraraka, Kaminari, where is young Midoriya? I thought I told you to bring hi-"

"All Might you better explain what was the thinking behind your class today," Shouta said, interrupting the man and drawing attention to him.

In the corner of his eye, as All Might floundered in confusion, Shouta saw Uraraka walk up to Bakugou's desk. Then after Bakugou said something, he watched as Uraraka Ochako (one of the kindest students in his class) punch Bakugou Katsuki right in the nose. And before Bakugou had a chance to even respond, Kaminari Denki started to electrocute Bakugou.

Although, the boy probably didn't get to do it for as long as he wanted as Shouta shot out his capture weapon and used his quirk on him.

The class went into an uproar that he silenced with a flash of his quirk. Funnily enough, the calmest of everyone other than himself was Kaminari and Uraraka. The two of them looking proud of themselves despite being wrapped up in his capture weapon.

"I will be taking Uraraka and Kaminari with me. All Might, I believe that Nedzu wishes to speak to you. And Present Mic should be here in just a moment for the next class," Shouta had said before walking out of class, dragging the fighting duo (as he now dubbed Uraraka and Kaminari) out. He noticed the glares the two sent to All Might as they were pulled away.

Once the door of the classroom closed behind them, he released them from the capture weapon and started walking ahead. Only a moment later, were they walking behind him.

"Uraraka, good form and execution. Kaminari, nice control with the electric output," was all Shouta said as the three of them made their way back to the infirmary.

Anyone who saw three people walking briskly in the hallway with similar smiles on their faces moved off to the side in a hurry.

_______

Izuku found himself yet again in the smokey expanse. This time he seemed to be a little closer to the eight lights.

He didn't know why he was there again.

Just moments ago, he could have sworn he had been looking at Kaminari who was telling him he'd get healed and that Uraraka was there too. He didn't know how much he needed for someone to tell him that he was going to be okay until Kaminari did and even held his hand.

He hadn't been as panicked when he closed his eyes.

Now he was in the smokey expanse again. Again he heard the voices, but they were much clearer than last time and they sounded angrier as well.

"Is he an IDIOT, how could he j-"

"Poor ninth, I could feel his panic from all the way here."

"He was safer with the league for God's sake!"

"The two that are with him are good aren't they? Did you hear what they said, they said they were going to electrocu-"

"Izuku can you hear me?"

Izuku turned to his side and right there was a woman. She looked like the woman who he had seen last time and her face was familiar.

She smiled at him.

He tried to tell her that he did hear her, but no voice came out. He tried to bring up a hand to wipe away the smoke, but nothing happened. He frowned in frustration and the woman must have seen that as she smiled sadly at him.

"Soon."

That was the word he heard before he felt the same tugging sensation as he did before.

__

When he opened his eyes, it was to the familiar ceiling of the infirmary. When he looked down he saw three people sitting by his bed.

Uraraka.

Kaminari.

Aizawa-sensei.

They had waited for him in the infirmary, they stayed with him.

Why did they do that?

But then Izuku remembered how they were. He remembered the comforting words from Kaminari, the freeing weightlessness from Uraraka, and the odd sense of safety Aizawa-sensei always made him feel. They were kind to him. They were strong.

They seemed happy to see him open his eyes.

It was so different from the indifference or annoyance in his mom's eyes when she looked at him in the morning as if she didn't care that he had even woken up that day. Their looks didn't make him feel like he shouldn't have woken up.

Didn't make him feel like he was being pushed down.

Their looks were nothing like that. Instead, they made him feel warm inside, a much nicer feeling compared to the weight that was always there. And as he heard both Kaminari and Uraraka worry over him, even mentioning punching Bakugou, he wanted to laugh. Except he couldn't, he knew he'd probably end up coughing if he laughed. So he did something different.

Instead, he smiled.

And this time, it wasn't fake.
Notes:

    Poor Izuku just wants to breathe, please someone give this boy an oxygen tank.

    People should be very afraid of Kaminari and Uraraka. You can fight me on how they would totally be a great fighting duo and protective detail for Midoriya. Also, Kaminari deserves love and other roles other than being the butt of a joke.

    Aizawa-sensei wants to beat the number one hero up. He's also a little impressed by what he sees from two of his students (not to say he isn't impressed or proud of the others)

    Hope you enjoyed this chapter!

Chapter 10: Closed Door
Summary:

    When one door opens, a depressed teen closes back up again.

Notes:

    Posted: 6/25/21

    Warning: Description of anxiety/depression, reference to Inko's treatment of Izuku, and the aftermath that All Might leaves in his wake

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Shouta had come to the conclusion that Izuku Midoriya tried to hide things with a smile. Or simply kept up the image to stop others from getting involved.

In a way, he was like Shouta.

But instead of a smile, Shouta had a blank face. He knew how ingrained portraying a certain face to the outside world was. So he knew the implication of the smile that Midoriya was giving them at the moment.

It was tired and a little bit sad.

But It was the most real thing he had seen since standing with Midoriya that morning in front of the logically big door.

Shouta was glad that he didn't make Uraraka or Kaminari leave the infirmary. Because from the look in Midoriya's eyes as the child looked at those two. A look of something that looked like wonder, let him know he made the right decision. And he knew he had made the right decision of himself staying because when Midoriya looked at him, the smile didn't go away and that look of wonder stayed.

"Hey there Midoriya," he said, in a softer voice than usual. "How are you feeling? Recovery Girl healed you a while ago."

Despite the good news he told Midoriya, the boy stiffened in bed. He saw green eyes flit around the infirmary, looking for something.

Was he looking for Recovery Girl? She wasn't in the infirmary anymore, having left to go do something somewhere else on campus.

Shouta saw how Midoriya was less tense when he didn't find Recover Girl.

"Hey dude, how are you feeling right now? Do you need water or something?" Kaminari asked, drawing Midoriya's attention to the boy.

When Midoriya went to speak but a rasp came out, Shouta was impressed with the speed and grace that Kaminari had in getting up and serving his classmate water. Both Uraraka and Kaminari had been rather protective, and it seemed that they would remain that way for a while.

After drinking some water Midoriya finally responded.

"I'm fine, just sore and tired." He looked down, "How bad was I hurt?"

Shouta paused for a moment.

Never had Midoriya asked about what injuries he sustained when he got hurt. Kaminari and Uraraka looked a little surprised at the question as well. So he made sure to answer, as to not make Midoriya uncomfortable with the silence.

"You had a concussion, bruises, a cut inside your mouth, burns, and smoke inhalation," Shouta listed.

"Oh, that makes sense. I think I bit the inside of my cheek when Bakugou got me in my head. And the smoke inhalation explains why I couldn't breathe." Midoriya let out a short mirthless laugh, "It really wasn't fun not being able to breathe with his explosions coming after me."

Shouta saw Uraraka and Kaminari send concerned looks at him while Midoriya still had his head down. He motioned for them to give him a moment alone with Midoriya and he received nods in response before they went off to the side to give them some privacy.

"Midoriya, I'm sorry."

In less than a second, wide green eyes were staring at him. "Wait Sensei why are you so-"

Shouta cut off Midoriya before he could continue. "I'm sorry Midoriya, you shouldn't have had this happen to you. Kaminari and Uraraka already told me how you weren't feeling well but All Might still made you fight Bakugou. This isn't your fault. It's All Might's, you’re not in trouble and I don't plan on letting All Might give you criticism on a fight you should have never been a part of."

"Really?"

It was Shouta’s turn to look at Midoriya with wide eyes. The voice that came from Midoriya was so small and the look on his face looked like hope.

Why was that look on his student's face? Why did he seem so surprised? Why was there an uncomfortable twisting in his gut as he looked at his injured student?

"Yes," Shoutaa responded and the man watched as Midoriya practically sank into the infirmary bed and let out a shaky breath.

The twisting in Shouta's gut worsened.

__

Shouta stayed with Midoriya after he told Kaminari and Uraraka to go back to class. The two students didn't leave before giving Midoriya a hug and fussed more over him. The green-haired boy laughed when Kaminari kissed his forehead while he held the boy’s face in his hands.

“Uraraka and I’ll take care of Bakugou if he does something again, so don’t you worry your pretty green head.” He said before walking away.

Shouta saw the fighting duo (as he now dubbed them) share a fist bump before walking out the infirmary. He'd have to make sure to keep an eye on those two when he went back to class.

"Did they really punch Bakugou?" Midoriya asked him.

"Yes and Kaminari electrocuted him for a few seconds."

Aizawa saw the problem child smirk.

"Nice. I know since Gunhead that Uraraka has a brutal punch and Kaminari has gotten better with his quirk. Can I ask you to not punish them?"

The hero let out a huff of amusement. "I didn't plan to, kid. This happened during All Might's class, so let's just say Bakugou needs to work on his defense against sudden attacks."

"Sounds good to me."

_______

It was odd sharing a joke with Aizawa-sensei.

The man had always had a serious demeanor and a tendency to focus on what was logical. But here he was, joking with Izuku. Izuku liked it.

He liked how Aizawa-sensei wasn't looking at him in disdain or annoyance. The teacher had obviously been pulled away from something to see Midoriya in the infirmary, but not once had he mentioned it or complained. Instead, he asked Izuku how he was feeling and apologized to him.

Izuku wasn't used to that.

"Midoriya," his teacher said and Izuku was yet again surprised to see concern in his teacher's eyes.

"What was going on before the match? The other two told me you looked sick and were leaning against Shoji."

Ah yes, that.

Could Izuku just tell Aizawa-sensei that it was his anxiety getting so bad that he had an anxiety attack that made him feel like he was about to fall and throw up? Could he tell his teacher that it felt like he was going to pass out when he heard he was going to fight Bakugou and All Might said that the match would continue as planned? Could he tell him that he kept catching himself forgetting that he was at UA and thought that he was back in middle school, when he didn't have a quirk and didn't know how to fight back? Could he tell him that he had wished he was laying on the bar floor looking up at Dabi and Spinner instead of in class with All Might?

Izuku looked at Aizawa-sensei's dark eyes, eyes that had dark circles underneath like his very own. The hero already looked so tired, he always looked like he was one missed drink coffee away from falling asleep.

Could Izuku bring himself to put one more thing on Aizawa-sensei’s plate? Was it worth it, did it even matter anymore?

Izuku has already dealt with these things on his own for so long. Never having friends to tell them about his troubles. Never confiding in teachers or adults he trusted (not that he ever trusted any adults before).

...

"Do you really want to know?"

That's what Midoriya asked instead.

"Yes Midoriya, I really want to know," Aizawa-sensei said, "You are my student and despite my appearance, I do care. I don't like how you ended up getting hurt. And I don't like how you were unwell and unable to get help. So yes, I care, and yes I want to know what was wrong so that it doesn't happen again."

Izuku couldn't help that a small part of him believed his teacher's words. Because no one ever sounded like that, no one ever looked at him like that. Like they truly cared and wanted Izuku to tell them what was wrong. Like he wasn't a burden.

Midoriya couldn't say anything for a moment and he tried to come up with the words of what he would say. But when he opened his mouth to speak, the infirmary door opened.

His mouth snapped shut.

__________

Shouta wanted to scream at whoever had come in the infirmary, and when he saw who it was, he was sure that his quirk activated on its own. Because right when Midoriya opened his mouth, right when he saw the boy's eyes finally have some light in them, in walked All Might with Nedzu and Recovery Girl.

Midoriya's mouth snapped shut and the boy's face went blank. Green eyes once again dull, causing Shouta to clench his fists and glare at the new arrivals.

But that glare quickly turned into wide eyes, as when All Might and the others came in, he was in his buffed form. So when Shouta’s quirk activated, the man poofed into his smaller, more skeletal form.

Right in front of Midoriya.

Fuck.

When Shouta looked at Midoriya, he expected wide eyes and a million questions. But instead, he was met with a blank face, so much tension in Midoriya's body that he looked like he was frozen, and hands clenched into his ruined hero costume he still had on.

"Ah young Midoriya you're finally awake! Recovery Girl told me you had fallen asleep but now that you're awake I can discuss the match with you." All Might said, clearly not reading the atmosphere in the room.

Certainly not noticing the quickening breathing rate of Midoriya.

The oaf was oblivious to everything as he walked up to Midoriya and went to put a hand on the boy's shoulder. He never was able to though, as Shouta shot out his capture scarf to wrap around the gaunt arm and pulled it away from his student.

As All Might asked Shouta what was wrong, Shoutaa looked at Nedzu. "Nedzu, what is the meaning of this?" He gritted out.

"Midoriya here is already aware of All Might's smaller form, and he simply wanted to come by and see how Midoriya was faring after getting healed. Recovery Girl informed me of his injuries and All Might had come to my office after you so kindly told him I wanted to speak to him." Nedzu chirped.

"Yes, I wanted to offer some criticism regarding young Midoriya’s match." All Might said.

The man flinched when Shouta’s glare returned to him, "You will do no such thing."

Shouta turned to Midoriya with softer eyes, "Midoriya you can go get changed back into your uniform and return to class. I'll talk to All Might and the others. Also, switch seats with someone so you don't sit near Bakugou."

Shouta would rather another student go with Midoriya, but calling one of them to come here would take too long and he wanted Midoriya to get out there as soon as possible. Both Recovery Girl and All Might tried to interject but Nedzu cut them off.

"Yes Midoriya, I think it's time to go back to class. I hope that you feel better later on and I apologize for what happened today." Nedzu said with his perpetual smile.

With that, Midoriya got out of bed and slowly made his way out of the infirmary. Shouta sent him a small nod when the boy looked back at him at the door. He noticed how Midoriya hadn’t bothered to look at All Might once.

The moment Midoriya was gone, Shouta returned his glare at All Might, the man was clearly taken aback.

He saw Nedzu clasp his paws together. "Now,” Nedzu began, looking at everyone in present company, “I believe we have something to discuss.”

________

When Midoriya walked in, class 1-A went silent. Well, as silent as it could be with Bakugou growling from behind his mouth taped shut. Also, as silent as it could be from the red-eyed boy attempting to get out of his desk.

Which did not look like it would be happening any time soon due to the fact that Mineta had used his quirk to fix the chair to the floor on all four legs. Then fixed Bakugou to the chair. It was actually quite surprising that the boy had so much energy even after Recovery Girl had come by to heal him (much to the displeasure of Kaminari and Uraraka).

“Oh Midoriya,” Kaminari said, quick to break the tension in the air, “Come over here. Kirishima was going to move to go over to Bakugou to try to calm him down anyways.”

They saw as green eyes looked at the Kirishima’s seat as Kirishima was indeed going to go sit in Midoriya’s seat behind Bakugou in an attempt to stop the boy from damaging school property.

Midoriya didn’t say anything as he sat down behind Kaminari at Kirishima’s desk. Instead, he had quickly put his head down and took out a blue marble.

Kaminari felt disappointed that Midoriya was no longer smiling or seemed anywhere near as happy (or just not sad) as he looked in the infirmary when he left him.

Just what happened since Uraraka and he left?

While the other students of class 1-A did not know about the smile they missed, they could tell that something was wrong. Including the shadow-like creature that had helped Midoriya stand earlier that day.

No one stopped Dark Shadow from making their way to Midoriya and resting their head in front of Izuku on the desk.

Everyone watched as Midoriya stopped rolling the blue marble with his fingers and looked at Dark Shadow. Then Dark Shadow proceeded to burrow their head underneath Izuku’s hand, the boy not resisting at all. A moment later, Midoriya started to run his hand along Dark Shadow’s head. All the while, he had his own head resting on the desk.

But the whole time he did this not once did he smile. His eyes were still that dull green.
Notes:

    Well, didn't All Might just yank any progress that Aizawa made right from under his feet like a rug.

    Also, you will have to pry physical affection things like kisses on forehead and head pets from my cold dead hands. Along with the fact that Izuku will continue to carry the marble Compress gave him around with him.

    I don't know how Mineta managed to get those sticky-ass purple balls to Bakugou, but he deserves some recognition for that.

    I see that two petitions have been started in the comments, I applaud your advocation for Izuku's happiness. Will it work...you'll have to wait and see.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 11: What keeps you tethered to the ground?
Summary:

    Aizawa learns a little bit more and Midoriya tries to keep from drifting away.

Notes:

    Posted 6/28/21

    Warning: Description of shutting down/dissociating

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

In a bar, Shigaraki watched as Toga begged Kurogiri to make her a cup of tea so that she could try out the idea that Midoriya had suggested. Kurogiri was less than excited at the prospect of watching the girl pour blood into his tea and thus, into his precious teacups. Teacups that he’d prefer to be held by a green-haired freckled boy that looked so peaceful when he held them.

That image was not something he wanted to be tainted by Toga, no matter how much she pleaded. If he was going to give her tea, she would simply have to drink it out of a shot glass. Kurogiri’s teacups were only for Midoriya and Kurogiri himself.

Magne took a seat next to Shigaraki and they both watched as Toga started to throw knives and try to stab Kurogiri. The whole time asking him to make her tea while Kurogiri avoided the blades. Twice was on the sideline saying things along the lines of 'please stop' and 'stab the misty man, stab!'

“How do you think the little guy is doing right now?” Magne asked.

Shigaraki thought how the hero student should still be in school at the moment. How he was surrounded by heroes and students who were trying to be heroes.

When they had let Midoriya go, they had all seen the light in the boy’s eye disappear. They had heard his less than enthusiastic reasons as to why he had to go. They remembered how Midoriya had panicked and tried to run when he ranted about Endeavor. They remembered how tired Midoriya was when he arrived and how he still looked tired when he left.

An uncomfortable sensation settled upon Shigaraki and he felt the need to scratch his neck again. “I don’t know.”

“I hope he is doing well at UA,“ Compress said from his spot on the couch, “He had even let me show him my beautiful masks and was quite respectful, unlike you heathens.”

Mr.Compress’s comment was ignored and an anxious silence settled upon them.

“He’s at UA, he should be fine, right?” Spinner asked, clearly not sounding sure.

No one was able to give Spinner an answer.

Everything about Midoriya had screamed ‘not fine’.

Everyone in the bar knew it.

________

“Aizawa-san, could you please let go of my arm?” All Might asked, eyeing the capture weapon that Aizawa had yet to release.

“Why? So you could go and cause more damage to my student, all the while without even realizing it?” Aizawa said.

“Damage? Midoriya was fine and I do-”

“Fine!? Is a boy who looked like he was about to pass out fine!? Is pitting him up against Bakugou, who you know always takes it too far with Midoriya FINE?” The underground hero seethed.

As All Might tried to ineffectively calm down Shouta, Recovery Girl turned to Nedzu. The mammal seemed to be completely fine watching the number one hero get yelled at by Shouta.

Recovery Girl’s scowl continued to deepen, “Aren’t you going to do something?”

“I don’t see why I would,” Nedzu said to the nurse.

Both All Might and Recovery Girl looked at him with shocked looks, “But surely Aiza-”

“Aizawa is completely correct. And although I would not resort to yelling and a capture scarf, I feel that Aizawa is doing a good job of pointing out the issue here.”

“The issue being…”

“Oh,” Nedzu chirped, “Yagi-san’s ineffectual teaching that has endangered the students of my school.”

Nedzu’s smile did not disappear even as All Might coughed up blood and Aizawa pulled back his capture weapon in disgust.

“All Might,” Nedzu addressed the man, “I know that the hero commission wants to keep you here teaching at UA, but I will have to make some changed in order to prevent incidents like this from happening again. I know it is important for you to teach, but you will have to agree to these changes in order for that to continue.”

__

Shouta was pleased to see that Nedzu didn’t let All Might speak when he told them the changes that would have to be made. Every time that All Might tried to interrupt was shut down with ease by the rat.

There was some satisfaction in seeing the number one hero’s face fall as he learned that he would be unable to teach his class without another certified hero/teacher present. Shouta was going to make sure that he was the other teacher that he was going to be the other teacher present during All Might’s class.

Aizawa decided to ask about what he saw earlier after Nedzu finished explaining

“Can you explain why my student is already aware that the number one hero does not always look like some muscle blow-up doll?”

Shouta didn’t like how the hero seemed to squirm so much when asked a simple question, clearly, there was more.

“Ah yes well-well you see I met young Midoriya before UA after saving him from a villain attack and he happened to be right there when I ran out of time.”

Alright, that made sense, but why does he still look guilty?

“-it was quite a surprise to him too, but the boy was smart and was able to figure out when it was when I was injured. And when I showed him he-”

Wait.

Showed him.

“You showed a young teenager, that you just met, the injuries that cause you to have a time limit?”

Yagi looked at him with confused eyes, “Yes Aizawa-san, but don’t worry we were on a rooftop so there was no one else. Anyways after I left the roof-”

Shouta felt his eye twitch.

The number one hero, All Might, told his student his most important weakness to a boy after a villain attack. Instead of taking Midoriya to a hospital (because there was no way that Midoriya had not gotten injured) they someone ended up on a goddamn roof and Midoriya saw All Might poof into a blood coughing skeleton. Midoriya, after possibly almost getting killed by a villain, was shown injuries sustained by the number one hero. And then from the sound of it, he was left on the roof by himself.

“All Might,” Shouta said in a stone cold voice that made the hero flinch, “I am going to leave before I do something I regret. But know that I will have a long discussion with you and you will listen to what I have to say.”

Then Shouta left before he would possibly injure the number one hero.

__

It was nice to see that when he returned to his class, it was still intact. Although, he did raise an eyebrow when he looked over at Bakugou. The boy was scowling but silent in his chair and Shouta could see purple from the balls that were keeping Bakugou there. Along with the balls that made sure that the chair would not be moving from the floor anytime soon. Kirishima was in Midoriya’s seat.

Speaking of Midoriya.

Shouta had seen the green head of hair resting on Kirishima’s desk. He was glad that Midoriya was able to get a seat away from Bakugou. But it was concerning to see a blank face looking at Dark Shadow as Midoriya petted his head. When Aizawa looked over to see Tokoyami, the boy didn't look the least bothered by his quirk companion not with him.

Seeing that it wasn't exactly an issue, Aizawa let them be.

When his students were all leaving, he asked Midoriya to stay behind. He also ignored the fact that there were some students who stayed behind outside the door.

"Midoriya, I just wanted to let you know what you don't have to worry about All Might. He was scolded by Nedzu and myself. And he won't be able to put you in anymore situations like that, because there's going to always be another teacher around when he's teaching and doing exercises."

Shouta let out a sigh when he saw green eyes look at him with no reaction. It was frustrating to see the visible change from what happened in the infirmary. It looked like Midoriya had shut down when All Might and Recovery Girl arrived.

"Midoriya, you can tell me what you were going to say in the infirmary. I still want to know, I still care."

It felt like something clenched in his chest as he saw those dull eyes look at him for only a few moments before defining to the window. It barely looked like the problem child was there anymore.

"...later, I'll tell you later."

That's what his student said instead. He could do nothing but watch Midoriya leave. Because he knew that if he pushed any more, that there surely wouldn't be a later.

________

Dark Shadow helped Izuku feel grounded. The warm and staticky feeling that came with petting the creature’s head made sure that he didn’t forget that he was in his class with his classmates from 1-A. It reminded him that he was at UA, not anywhere else, just UA. The feeling of Dark Shadow occasionally nuzzling his cheek kept his mind from drifting too far off into unpleasant thoughts.

But when he had to leave, he felt a fog settle on his mind. Everything had just been too much and he could feel that he was shutting down.

That’s why he told Aizawa-sensei ‘later, I’ll tell you later” because he wasn’t even sure if the words would come out if he wanted to. He wanted to tell Aizawa-sensei, even if it was just a tiny thing, he wanted to tell him because Aizawa-sensei had asked. He had cared.

He left the classroom and barely took notice that a few of his classmates waited for him. It was Shoji and Kaminari. They explained how Tokoyami and Uraraka wanted to be there but they couldn’t stay.

When he didn't say anything to them, Kaminari was quick to simply smile at Izuku and push him against Shoji. The masked boy easily brought his arm around Izuku and held him close.

They walked to the station in silence. Although Kaminari made sure to talk about some different topics. The words helped Izuku stay focused that he was with two of his classmates. Shoji's arm made sure that he actually moved. The two of them didn't let Izuku slip completely into his own mind.

But eventually, they had to part ways.

When Shoji had to turn down a different road, he squeezed Izuku one more time before ruffling his hair. When Kaminari had to go, he kissed Izuku on the head again. This time, Kaminari laughed at how some static made Izuku's hair stand up, and he tried to put it back down.

Izuku didn't see the sad smile Kaminari had when he had to leave.

Then he was alone again.

The heaviness that had been getting worse all day finally crashed down in him. He wished that he could have stayed longer with Shoji and Kaminari. But he couldn't. Instead, he made his way home and stepped inside a place that made it hard to breathe. He felt so tired and dragged himself to bed. He ignored his hunger and any assignment he could have been working on. Only moving when he finally decided to change out of his uniform.

Laying on his bed he turned his head to look out the window. He watched as the sky changed colors and the light disappeared. It wasn't until he had been looking at a black sky for a few hours that he eventually fell asleep. But it was anything but restful.

His dreams that night were painted in red.
Notes:

    Nice to see a little snippet of the LOV right? None the wiser as to what their young hero has been through on just the first day of leaving them.

    Nedzu is just letting Aizawa go off on All Might, and rightfully so. And I feel bad for Aizawa, imagine seeing how close you were to finally be able to help your student only for them to look so closed off.

    I feel happy though about how his classmates are just there, trying to provide Izuku comfort. I want to write them to be supportive, maybe a little confused and worried, but trying to do things to help my fav green boy. He could really just use a hug and comfort from friends.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter

Chapter 12: Welcome "Home"
Summary:

    The week comes to an end.

Notes:

    Posted 7/5/21

    warning: feelings of depression, reference to past mistreatment/bullying

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

The next day of school Izuku did not bother to plaster on a smile when he walked into class. He didn’t have the energy for it.

He missed how he slept so peacefully on Dabi. He didn’t have nightmares when he slept on the flame user. But last night his dreams were painted red. Most of it came from red eyes looking down on him as he felt burns and a ringing in his ears. His vision would be blinded and before he could catch his breath, there was yet another explosion.

Suffice to say that Izuku did not get any rest.

So there he was in class, doing just the bare minimum. It really was all he could do. He made sure to pay attention to the lectures. Taking notes on what was being said so he could go over it later when he’d actually be able to process more information

Izuku hissed in pain when he felt his hand spasm after writing too fast and too much.

As he rubbed his hands he looked up and caught the eye of his teacher. Aizawa-sensei was looking at him but looked away. Izuku was reminded of how Aizawa-sensei had given him a small nod at the beginning of class when he saw that he was in Kirishima’s seat. Kaminari had been insistent on him sitting there and Kirishima had promised him that he was okay with it.

It actually looked like Kirishima needed to talk to Bakugou about something, but Izuku didn’t pay too much attention. He’d rather not involve himself more than necessary in what Bakugou does. It had never fared well for him in the past.

__________

It didn’t take a detective to notice how Midoriya was so quiet. Which wasn’t unusual, but there was a visible change in how he used to be. Because before the training incident, Izuku always had a nervous energy, he was always putting on a smile. But never was he so silent. Never did he look so blank in class.

It was obvious that Izuku was struggling with something. They weren’t sure what to do though, and the look in Izuku’s eyes made them anxious.

On Tuesday Izuku hadn't said a word and he looked like he didn't sleep. No one bothered him that day.

After that day, he seemed better but still distant.

They saw that he kept to himself, not speaking. Although he did spend some time with those in the class that were quieter. It seemed that he needed more silent comfort, and Tokoyami, Shoji, Dark Shadow, Koda, and Ojiro seemed to fit that bill.

But while they were worried, Class 1-A had to focus on preparing for the final exam on Monday. They were trying to study as much as they could before the weekend. Yaoyorozu held a few study groups in the library. On one of the days, Sato joined along with Midoriya. Sato and Momo shared a small smile when they heard Midoriya speak as he explained to them some of the topics they were going over in a soft voice.

It was nice for them to hear his voice.

He only spoke a little bit more, but only when he was explaining the material.

__

Among his silence and demeanor, they noticed something else.

The marble.

Almost every day they had seen him take it out of his pocket and play with it. When he took it out, it was one of the only moments where they saw something in his eyes. Fondness, that’s what Jiro had said it looked like when they had discussed it.

“Hey, Midoriya where did you get that marble?” Sato asked during lunch. Midoriya was sitting with him on Wednesday, Yaoyaozu, and Aoyama. All of them enjoying a larger than normal amount of food. Sato and Yaoyarozu due to their quirks while Aoyama simply had an affinity for cheese.

They were surprised by the sudden look on Midoriya’s face, it seemed happy and sad at the same time.

“It was a gift,” Midoriya didn’t elaborate any further.

“Well since it is something so precious. I insist that you have it close to your heart,” Aoyama said with a flourish of his fork from across the table. “You should make it into a necklace. And you would not be likely to lose it, my lovely friend”

“I don’t know how to make jewelry,” Midoriya said dumbly.

Aoyama looked at him with amused eyes “Have you forgotten who is with you? You have the ever-so-talented moi and the goddess Momo, who would surely not be bothered to provide any of the necessary materials. Isn’t that right my love?”

Yaoyarozu blushed at the compliment but nodded and Sato laughed.

”It sounds like a good idea Midoriya, but don’t do it if you don’t want to alright. I can reign in our sparkly friend,” Sato said to Midoriya.

“It’s okay Sato,” Midoriya said, and brought a hand to his pocket, “I think I’d like to do that.”

The rest of the lunch was spent with Aoyama and Momo trying to come up with a good design for the necklace while Sato tried to remind them to actually eat. Midoriya watched the scene, it reminded him of Toga and Twice in the bar.

__

It was after school on Thursday when Yaoyarozu presented Midoriya with the necklace. Aoyama took it upon themselves to secure the necklace around Midoriya's neck.

"You look simply ☆magnifique☆," Aoyama said after kissing both of Midoriya's cheeks and looking at his creation.

_________

It was Friday when Shouta noticed Midorya playing with something around his neck. It was a necklace. He saw that it was the blue marble that he had seen the problem child mess around with. He wondered what significance it had.

The past week has been concerning to say the least. Shouta could feel the tension building in his class since the exams were coming up. Most concerningly of course had been Midoriya considering the incident on Monday. He had wanted to talk to Midoriya but hadn't had the chance. The boy had been distant all week and usually surrounded by others so he couldn't broach the subject. There was also the case that Shouta himself was busy preparing for the exams himself.

The fact also reminded him, that he had yet to talk to All Might. After being busy, the number one hero seemed to be avoiding him. Like a coward Shouta thought.

Not wanting to address his class with anger he focused on his students instead.

"You have prepared the best you can. You all have improved since the beginning of this year, and now is the time to show that. Make sure to get some rest on the weekend and come on Monday ready for your exam." Shouta said before dismissing his class.

As he watched his students leave he decided to make another effort in talking to Midoriya. He asked the boy to stay back for a few moments. Shouta eyed how Midoriya tensed slightly at the request, but once Midoriya actually looked at him for a few moments he relaxed.

Shouta wondered what that was about.

Midoriya barely had time to stand in front of Shouta's desk awkwardly before Shouta asked his question.

“Midoriya can now be ‘later’?”

There was only a second of confusion before he saw that Midoriya knew what he was talking about. The kid's shoulders sagged down.

“Yeah, I think it’s alright,” Midoriya said.

Now wanting to keep Midoriya in an enclosed space and to relieve some of the tension that comes from an important conversation in a classroom, Shouta suggested something, “Let’s take a walk.”

It was windy and it wasn't too hot outside. Shouta hoped that the change in scenery and the openness of the environment would help Midoriya feel less nervous. It wasn't until he was sure that no one else was near that Shouta spoke.

“In the infirmary on Monday, what were you going to say?”

Shouta thought back to how he had seen a look of hope in Midoriya’s eye when he said that he cared. Only for that look to disappear when the infirmary door had opened and his student had closed up, losing any progress he made. Shouta hoped that Midoriya would still be willing to speak to him now.

So it was disheartening when Midoriya didn't respond.

He sighed, "Midoriya, like I said on Monday I care and I'll listen."

He heard Midoriya take a deep breath before speaking

“Aizawa-sensei, there’s a lot of stuff. And so much is hard to talk about or I might not even be able to talk about,” he paused, “I don’t think I’ve ever actually talked about it.”

Shouta knew how hard it was to suddenly talk to someone about what they are struggling with. So he knew it wouldn't be easy for Midoriya to tell him everything, but he could start off small.

“Then how about just telling me about Monday, why were you feeling so bad?”

He heard a snort, “Anxiety and bad memories?”

“Why does that sound like a question?”

“I guess I’m a mysterious guy.”

Shouta sent him a deadpan look. Midoriya sighed, bringing up a hand to his necklace. But Shouta knew that it wasn’t going to be easy for his student to suddenly tell him everything. He would have to wait and be patient.

_________

When Aizawa-sensei had asked Izuku to stay behind, Izuku had froze for a moment. He remembered how in the past his teachers asked him to stay back, only for them to scold him for something he hadn’t done or to make snide remarks and make him feel worse than he already did. Also, he remembered how his classmates would like to wait for him afterward. His teachers never did anything despite Izuku getting hurt right after leaving their classroom.

So when Aizawa-sensei asked him to stay, Izuku forgot for a moment where he was. Until he looked at Aizawa-sensei’s face, a face that he never saw while in middle school. A face, that despite looking serious, held no ill-will towards him, no disgust in his eyes. When Aizawa-sensei asked if they could talk and even suggested they walk outside, Izuku was able to relax slightly. Something he was never able to do with his past teachers.

But still, it was not easy to talk.

Even though he wanted to, it was hard to try to explain to Aizawa-sensei. Izuku didn’t particularly want to open a whole can of worms, but he did want to explain. To just tell the man a little bit and finally let someone know.

“I was having a bad anxiety attack I think, and the explosions didn’t help. I-I don’t do good with explosions” Izuku said in response to Aizawa-sensei’s deadpanned look.

He wasn’t wrong. But there was a lot he was leaving out, a lot that should be discussed.

But not now.

Izuku knew that his teacher was probably a little frustrated by his answer, but he didn’t show it. Instead, his teacher showed understanding and said that if he wanted to talk more he could. He even suggested that next week they could talk about him talking to someone on a more professional level after their exams, “That is, if you are okay with that Midoriya. I don’t want to push you to do something uncomfortable when you’re not ready.”

Izuku had been quick to let him know that he appreciated the offer and that he would think about it. It warmed his heart that this teacher had thought of something like that for him.

He left campus feeling a little lighter that day.

Izuku was going over how Aizawa-sensei had been with him that he did not notice the extra pair of shoes at the door when he got home. When he heard noises coming from the kitchen he momentarily entertained the idea that someone in the league showed up (since they knew where he lived).

Maybe he could visit them for a few hours, it was Friday after all.

He had a little bit more energy as he went towards the kitchen, wondering who it was. But he froze when it finally came into view.

“Oh, Izuku you’re finally home. There are some things I need you to do before you go to bed today. I had to come home early and am really busy.”

His mom.

She was back.

She was home.

She was here.

Izuku couldn’t bring himself to move or to say anything at all. Which only made Inko look up at him in aggravation.

“Are you listening to me?” She snapped.

Izuku forced himself to nod, his thoughts barely focused on the action. Instead, they were focused on the fact that she was back. That he would have to spend the weekend with her before an exam. A weekend with her after a week that had a horrible start. She was angry it seemed, irritated probably at having to return earlier than she planned.

Suddenly the stifling atmosphere in his home got ten times worse. Izuku did his best to carry out the tasks that she gave to him in a hurry. God, what he wouldn’t give for the home to feel the way it did when she was gone. Every one of his actions felt so much more difficult as if there were weights tied to each of his limbs.

His hands began to hurt more since she lowered the temperature. He never did tell her about the pain since he knew that she would say something along the lines of him being too troublesome. So for the rest of the night, as she kept her eyes on him, he suffered through the growing pain in his hands.

When it was finally time to go to bed he made sure to get away from his mom. Although not too quick that she would make a nasty remark about it. There was little relief though when he entered his room.

Izuku could get rid of the sensation of her eyes on him, picking at him, making note of everything he was doing. Whenever she looked at him like that he felt as if bugs were crawling all over him, and it would take one thing for her to decide to say something. To berate him and make him feel that other level of hurt that could come from just a few words. Even if she wasn’t looking at him anymore and was in his room alone, he couldn’t shake the feeling. Couldn’t relax enough to actually sleep.

Laying on his bed he put a hand around the necklace he had hidden under his shirt. He didn’t want to risk Inko saying something, asking questions. Maybe even trying to take it away. The thought of that happening made him freeze.

Please not now, not when it was one of the things that made me feel better in this place that would never be home.

He’s already had so many things of his taken away from him throughout his life. His mother’s love, his smile, being able to rest, an actual happy childhood, a semblance of mental stability. He didn’t want something else to be taken away. Not if he could help it.
Notes:

    Izuku deserves a break, will he get one...doesn't seem likely. I think the universe just likes to keep beating on the poor green depressed boi that deserves sleep and hugs.

    Anyways I like the idea of Izuku spending time with his other classmates. Also, it can be good to have just some silent comfort when needed. I believe that Momo and Yuga would be a fun duo, especially with how much confidence that Yuga just gives off and that Momo should have. You can bet that he hypes her up and she's slowly getting used to his compliments. And I like the idea of Momo eating with Sato since their quirks revolve around food (of course Yuga would join them, usually trying to offer them cheese).

    Talking to someone is hard, especially if it's something new. And Shouta knows this so he's taking it slow. It's important to gain the trust of someone and to be patient. Of course, we can only hope that this happens in time before anything bad happens again. But due to Izuu's horrible luck, will that happen?....unlikely >:)

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 13: Final Exams
Summary:

    The much-anticpated exam has arrived.

Notes:

    Posted 7/5/21

    Warnings: abusive behavior from Inko, description of anxiety/anxiety attack, All Might's thinking, violence

    Like I said, Izuku really can't catch a break.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Izuku was not surprised with how the weekend went.

Which of course was bad.

It was funny when Izuku compared it to the past weekend that he spent with the league. He should not have been wishing that he was in a bar full of people that were dangerous and could kill him in a vast number of ways than rather be in his home with his mom.

But there he was, thinking that very thought.

His mom did not let him go out, citing that she needed to keep an eye on him ‘who knows what you were up to while I was gone’. If he stayed in his room she was checking up constantly, she’d look around as if searching for something to make a comment about. Which of course she was. She always waited for the opportunity to have a reason to yell at him, to demean him, to hurt him with her words because she didn’t dare do so physically (not that she had to, plenty of other people did).

Izuku didn’t understand how things ended up like this. How she had started out so close and then so far away until she was a horrible combination of the two. At first, he could think that maybe she loved him like a distant relative, but he doubted that now. He had been doubting it for a while actually (he just tried to avoid thinking about it).

Looking at his mother’s gaze that held no warmth, no love, Izuku knew that she didn’t really love him. He was simply a nuisance to her, someone that caused her trouble, someone who was never able to do anything right. It was not like he came to that conclusion by himself either.

Inko had been very vocal in sharing her opinion over the years.

Her words repeated inside of his head as he stared at the ceiling for the third night in a row. The fact that he would go to school the next day, finally get out of the house (away from her) provided little comfort.

Izuku was already tired, but this only made it worse. When Izuku saw the sun start to come up and heard the bustle of noises being made in the kitchen by his mother, Izuku brought a hand over his eyes and let out a shaky breath.

He was so tired.

__

He returned to school on Monday, stomach-churning, every bone seemingly grating, he was too aware of everything. The lack of sleep during the weekend dialed up all his senses to seven even if he felt like he would be slow to react accordingly.

Everyone was so anxious to truly pay him any mind, not that he minded. He didn’t think he could handle holding up a conversation with any of his anxious classmates at the moment. He had enough anxiety to last him a lifetime thank you very much.

Izuku’s hand barely left from its position over his necklace at the beginning of the day as everyone was doing last-minute preparation for the exam.

Then finally it was time to take the written exam.

He held his own hands in a tight grip when the teacher (who was not Aizawa since classes switch teachers on exam days due to protocol) handed out their tests. Izuku hadn’t truly realized how much Aizawa-sensei’s presence helped him calm down until the man was not there. Not that he could be angry at the hero, rules were rules. But he really wished he could just look up and meet the eyes of a man that seemed to show no expression but in actuality cared for his students.

Instead, when he looked up, he met the face of a stranger. He quickly looked back down at the packet of questions on his desk. Taking a deep breath he began answering them.

The questions weren’t hard and he didn’t have any issue in answering them. Except as time passed he slowed down.

He was just aware of too much.

Izuku had to grit his teeth in an attempt to not scream while taking the test, the sounds of breathing, people erasing their mistakes, and the pencil scratching on paper made him tense and twitchy.

His grip on his pencil grew tighter and he knew that the open response questions on his test would take a while to decipher. His hands were begging for some relief. The simple act of writing (which usually didn’t pose too much pain) was making him grit his teeth due to the pain. For how long he had been in the cold of his own home, only to come here and write so much was not kind to his hands. It hurt.

He paused mid-sentence when he thought about how he wished Dabi was there.

But he wasn’t. It wouldn’t be smart for a villain to be at a hero school and Izuku shouldn’t wish for one to suddenly show up.

He felt just a tad bitter when he continued to answer questions.
__

By the time it was time for the practical exam (that most likely was not going to be robots like the upperclassmen had told them) Izuku wanted to throw up. But he pushed that down as they were told how this part of the exams would go.

This year, it was a bit different. Along with Nedzu wanting to prepare his students more and pressure from the commission, this part of the exam would be students against the teachers. A two versus one situation.

So instead of just teachers, there were some people from the commission at UA as well. And instead of two students going with their assigned teacher, teachers were already at the place where the match could be and the students would be brought separately to that location. This was the Hero commission’s idea, and one of the agents had explained this was to make the situation as realistic as possible.

More like anxiety-inducing as much as possible, Izuku thought.

It really was, everyone was on edge waiting in the room for the name to be called ad then taken somewhere else. Also, the order of the names called didn’t matter so you could not figure out who was your partner and opponent until you go to your location. The hero commission really was a bunch of sadistic bastards.

Izuku hated it.

When his name was finally called up, he felt uncomfortable that he didn’t have his necklace with him. Instead, all his hand met with was the material of the hero costume he wore. And as he stepped onto the vehicle that would take him to his match he tried to keep calm. He had to pass, he had to make sure he didn’t mess up. If he did, it was only a matter of time that something else was taken away from him. That’s how it has always been for him.

Any goodwill Izuku had toward the universe, in general, was taken away the moment he stepped out of the vehicle. Because right in front of him, was Bakugou Katuski standing near the entrance of the fake city as they were told they fight All Might.

Izuku ignored the glare Bakugou gave him when his legs gave out on him.

________

All Might had been avoiding Aizawa since Monday.

But did the hero feel any guilt or shame? No, he did not. Because in all honesty, he didn’t truly understand why the man had been so upset with him. Yagi knew his successor, Midoriya, so he didn’t agree with Aizawa’s assessment that he had ‘damaged’ the boy. Midoriya was the next holder of One for All, he couldn’t be damaged by a simple sparring match.

Speaking of the sparring match, Yagi really did wish to give Midoriya feedback.

By all accounts, All Might believed that his successor’s performance should have been better. He needed to talk to Midoriya about training more with the quirk. If he remembered correctly, the boy had said something about needing assistance with the quirk.

Yes, that should have been the reason. Yagi simply needed to teach him some more of his moves and have Midoriya practice them.

As the saying goes: Practice makes perfect.

With that thought in mind, All Might saw no issue in bypassing what he was told by both Nedzu or Aizawa and went to speak to the agent from the hero commission. It pleased him to know that the man was happy in helping him change young Midoriya’s match.

All Might was sure that any issue between young Bakugou and Midoriya would be resolved once they were put together to fight him. They needed to work together in order to pass, and he knew that Midoriya was always determined to do his best in school.

It really was killing two-no-three birds with one stone, he thought.

    Have Midoriya practice using OFA during the exam.
    Help the two boys work together and help with their relationship.
    See how much work Midoriya still needed with the quirk he had given him, maybe even talk to him after the match.

He saw no issue with what he had done. After all, he was the number one hero, he had defeated All for One, and he was young Midoriya’s mentor. No one else would be able to make the correct decision regarding Midoriya, no one knew One for All like he did. And he had to make sure that young Midoriya would be able to use that power to become the next symbol of peace.

That was the legacy he gave the young quirkless boy. That was the chance he had given him, surely it was better than if Midoriya had never gotten a quirk after all. Yagi knew this because he himself had been quirkless. He knew how powerless he had been and how he hadn’t been able to do much until Nana passed One for All down to him.

Midoriya was sure to do the same when he found his successor.

So All Might smiled and had no reservation when he heard the announcement that the match was about to begin.

________

Izuku dug his nails into his hands to make himself calm down. He could not have an anxiety attack at that moment. Instead, he should be trying to figure out what the fuck he was going to do. He had barely gotten his breathing under control when the announcement for the start of the announcement was made. And off Bakugou went.

Breathe in.

Breathe out.

Izuku ran after Bakugou because they really had to work together if they wanted to pass.

Izuku had to pass.

If he didn’t... things could get worse. There was just a sinking feeling in his gut when he thought of the possibility of failing. He dug his nails into his palm again. Everything he had that was good seemed to be in the balance for some reason, why why why whywhywhywhywhywhywhywh-

Breathe in.

Breathe out.

Izuku caught sight of his partner. The blonde had actually paused for a moment and Izuku walked up to him.

“Bakugou, we really need to come up with a plan to-”

“Shut the fuck up, the plan is to beat All Might and pass.”

Izuku ground his teeth together. “We can’t just beat All Might, he’s the number one hero an-”

“What the fuck did I just say Deku,” Bakugou said with those damned red eyes. When Izuku went to speak again, Bakugou turned around and started to walk away.

Breathe in.

Breathe out.

Izuku needed to pass and Bakugou turning his back on him worsened that pit in his stomach he had been feeling. Damnit why couldn’t he just listen! If he could just listen! Izuku went after Bakugou, and he reached out a hand to stop him from going any further. Bakugou was about to leave the alleyway that they were in and therefore into the clear view of anyone if they were looking at the street.

“Bakugou just wai-” Izuku had begun to say while almost touching Bakugou’s shoulder when suddenly there was a whirl of color and pain blooming on his jaw. He stumbled a bit but didn’t fall.

Bakugou hit him.

What a fucking surprise, Izuku thought. But he needed to pass so he pushed back the little voice telling him to run, stay quiet, be still, and he went to say something again. He tried to talk to Bakugou once more.

Breathe in.

Breathe out.

“Bakugou, I mean it. You can’t just face All Might head-on. We need to work together, and I’m sure that we could come up with a plan if you would just li-”

Izuku saw as Bakugou stepped towards him with a weird look in his eye, but he continued speaking. That is until Bakugou reached out a hand and placed it on his shoulder. It made Izuku instantly freeze up and stop talking once he felt the familiar heat from that hand on him. The heat starting to increase.

“Deku,“ Bakugou practically snared at Izuku, ”I told you to shut the fuck up.”

Breathe in.

Breath o-.

Izuku could smell smoke and hear the muffled pops of Bakugou’s quirk against his shoulder.

So, he stopped breathing.

But the strain of not breathing was nothing compared to the pain that Izuku felt once Bakugou lifted his hand from his shoulder. It was nothing compared to the pain Izuku felt when he looked at Bakugou, and instead of seeing his testing partner in their hero costume, he saw Bakugou in the black gakuran from middle school.

Along with the familiar pain of Bakugou’s quirk being used on him once again.
Notes:

    Sooo I changed up the setup with the exam with the whole interference from the hero commission. And of course, because of them and all Might in this au being absolute trash at using any of his remaining brain cells, he caused Izuku just a little bit more pain on top of everything else that poor boy has been dealing with.

    And Poor Izuku, barely having a grip on his anxiety only to be dealt the final blow by Bakugou. We do not stan angry pomeranians.

    I do not apologize for inflicting more pain on you wonderful people (or withholding from you the fluff/comfort). I do though, promise that Izuku will get some (but to keep it a surprise I will refrain from revealing when)

    Anyways I do hope that you enjoyed this chapter! <3

Chapter 14: What do you see?
Summary:

    The Exam and aftermath.

Notes:

    Posted 7/6/21

    Warning: description of violence/blood/injuries, All Might's thinking, feeling depressed, suicidal thoughts, emotional distress, feeling numb/dissociating

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Nedzu felt his fur stand on end when he saw that there was an unauthorized change made regarding his student’s exam matchups. He had agreed with Aizawa that under no circumstances was Midoriya to be paired with Bakugou during the final exams.

Yet there he was, in the observation room searching for those two students who ended up being matched against All Might.

It did not take an intelligence quirk to put the pieces together and come to the conclusion that the number one hero had something to do with it. But that was not what he was focusing on at the moment. It was instead on the screen changing, trying to find live footage of the two test-takers. Considering the size of the fake city and the number of cameras that were available, this took a while to do. And when they finally did find their two testers, questions and concern were the only things they had.

Because while Bakugou Katuski walked out into the street, seemingly unharmed.

There in the alley lay Midoriya Izuku who looked like he had been attacked. But there was no sign of All Might nearby, and they had been too late in seeing what had happened.

Of course, there was always the option to rewind the video, but that would have to wait considering that Bakugou was making his way towards All Might and Midoriya got up from the ground.

The exam continued.

__________

He was back in middle school. The same red eyes are glaring at him, looking at him with hate that he was used to. Smoke filled his nose and the pops were deafening, even above the sound of his own beating heart he could hear in his head. Probably because Bakugou was letting off explosions dangerously close to his ears.

Pain bloomed around his eyes and then in his cheek. The familiar taste of blood filled his mouth. He looked down and saw red dripping onto the ground. His vision blurred. The hero costume Bakugou was wearing kept looking like the back middle school uniform and the alleyway looked like the wall of the back of the school outside. He tried to push himself away from Bakugou.

He got explosions in return and fell to the ground.

Air escaped his lungs when he was kicked. He felt the phantom pressure of hands holding him down and all he wanted to do was curl up into a ball. He stayed silent as that was the way to make sure that the pain would stop as soon as possible. That’s what he was used to doing. He’d like to think it made a difference.

But he wasn’t sure as he laid on the ground trying to catch his breath. He could feel liquid pooling in his mouth and he tried to keep it from going down his throat. It reminded him too much of the sludge villain and he spat out blood with a bit more force than necessary.

He stayed still.

It was a few moments until Midoriya was able to somewhat hear his surroundings better. He was relieved when he didn’t see or hear Bakugou.

He was alone in the alleyway.

Huh, not the first time that’s happened, Izuku thought.

It took some effort for Izuku to get himself off the ground. He took note of his various injuries and he just let himself breathe. Each breath made him wince and he knew that his eyes were not supposed to hurt the way they did.

But he ignored it, he knew he was still taking an exam and that meant that if he came across All Might, the man would try to attack him (seeing as he didn’t hear a fight between Bakugou and All Might going on yet). He’d very much like to avoid that.

So after checking his surroundings and just breathing he used his quirk to hop his way up the two buildings that were on either side of the alley. He used the same moves that he had seen Gran Torino make. He grunted in pain when he reached the top and grabbed the ledge but didn’t pull himself up. He eyed the skyline and caught view of the gaudy childish signs that showed the exit he needed to reach in order to pass. He made his way back down, grunting in pain when he hit the floor. He spat out more blood. Then he made his way towards a manhole, plan in mind.

The plan was this: Go through the sewers to the exit and avoid everyone (including Bakugou).

Izuku was going to leave.

It was that thought in mind that he lifted the manhole cover and went down below. He was pleased to note that there was a perfectly good walkway and that it was not completely dark. Then using his quirk, Izuku started to make his way towards where the exit was. Green lightning lit up his path.

__________

Shouta had just finished his own match-up with his two students and was making his way to the observation room. He wanted to see how his other students were doing, and how Midoriya was doing as well. He wanted to see how Snipe was faring against his student.

So imagine his surprise when he walked into the observation room to see footage of his student going the sewers while Snipe was also in the observation room.

“What the hell?” he asked looking at Snipe, “How is he there but you’re here?”

The masked gunslinger shrugged his shoulder in confusion, “I don’t know. One minute I was waiting for your student to show up and the next someone was telling me that there was a last-minute change.”

Shouta felt anger building up at hearing that, “Last minute change wh-”

“Apparently All Might took it into his own hands to make the change,” a voice said and Shouta turned around to see Principal Nedzu watching the screen with a smile that looked more like a frown.

The rat continued, “All Might talked to one of the individuals from the hero commission and they made the change without alerting the proper individuals. I came in already to see Midoriya’s match to have already started.”

“Who is his partner?” Shouta quickly asked.

Nedzu’s smile was clearly no longer a smile, “Bakugou Katsuki. And yes before you ask, I did see if the match could be called off but was prevented by the hero commission representative here. They don’t see why a match with two students of All Might’s choosing to fight him should be called off.”

Shouta scowled and clenched his fists. Because if Nedzu had already tried to get the match called off and couldn’t, well that meant that it was serious. Shouta cursed when he saw the image of All Might flit on one of the screens and he raised an eyebrow when he saw Bakugou slowly making his way to the hero.

Meanwhile, Midoriya was in the sewers, there was a small number of cameras in the sewers but he could see green lightning cross on a few screens.

His student was making his way to the exit.

Shouta hoped that Midoriya would make it there quickly. He didn’t like the quick flashes he saw of his student looking injured.

__________

When Izuku started to hear the signs of a fight going on overhead he didn’t pause. If anything, he urged his legs to go faster despite the pain he felt across his body (pain not from his quirk).

He knew that Bakugou had no chance against the hero.

He ignored the surprisingly clear yells for him to come out and rescue his partner from All Might. He ignored the sounds of building collapsing as All Might destroyed them, like a villain would.

Of course, there was the possibility of the ground above Izuku falling and crushing him. But considering how he was feeling. How he was so tired. How he wanted nothing but to sleep and be able to breathe without feeling like there was something missing in his chest or blood threatening to go down his throat. Izuku didn’t hesitate to stay in the sewers, possible death by collapse be dammed.

Did he even care if he died? In all honesty, to him, it would have been a thing a long time coming. Not a surprise at all. With all the stuff he has dealt with, Izuku was more surprised that he was alive at the moment. That he was in dark tunnels making his way towards where the exit should be, his partner and mentor be dammed.

He just wanted to leave and pass. And guess what? That’s what he would do, he didn’t have to face All Might if he didn’t want to. He didn’t. No words from his mentor would be enough to draw him out onto the surface.

Izuku couldn’t find it in himself to care if maybe he was disappointing the man, the man who gave him a quirk.

Izuku was already disappointed in himself, but even more so he was disappointed in All Might. Especially when he heard the man say something about how this match was an opportunity for him to grow and said that’s why he made it that way.

Ah, so this was Yagi’s fault. It was his fault that Izuku got burned again.

How typical.

There was some anger among the exhaustion Izuku felt when he passed through the exit and heard the announcement that he had passed. He didn’t bother to look back at All Might.

The hero wasn’t smiling

Not that Izuku cared anymore at the moment.

All he cared about was making the pain stop.

_________

All Might was surprised when it was only Bakugou that had went after him, He had been sure that young Midoriya would be right here, ready to face him with his teammate.

All the questions he asked Bakugou about the whereabouts of Midoriya were met with yells and various saying of ‘Deku, who gives a fuck about him’.

So All Might focused on Bakugou. Once he got the boy in a good grip, unable to cause any more damage he yelled out for Midoriya to come out and rescue his partner. He knew that young Midoriya would never leave behind a teammate, it wasn’t heroic.

But All Might’s smile began to falter when he saw no sign of his successor.

Surely young Midoriya would not have left behind young Bakugou, he thought.

He even made sure to cause damage to other parts of the make city to draw Midoriya out, but he didn’t catch a glimpse of green anywhere. Just where had the boy gone?

“Young Midoriya," All Might yelled, his voice booming in the fake city." Are you simply going to leave your teammate? You need to work together if you are to beat me!"

No response.

“This is the opportunity to work with Young Bakugou. I made it so you had the chance to work together and grow!" he yelled because surely Midoriya would not just dismiss something his mentor had done. This was a chance for the boy to grow and he could not do that if he simply left Bakugou behind.

But when he heard the announcement ‘You have passed!’ ring out into the fake city, he found that had been wrong. When he went near the exit he was met with the sight of his successor walking out of the city, fists clenched, and not once did he look back.

All Might couldn’t fight the sensation that he had lost something much more important than a simple exam match.

__________

Shouta didn’t waste time heading to Recovery Girl when Midoriya’s match ended. He had seen the live feed of Midoriya walking out of the exit gate looking less than okay. He didn’t want his student to be alone.

A twisting sensation in his gut made him walk faster.

He arrived at his destination just in time to hear Recovery Girl muttering about reckless students and never listening to her. Once again anger flared up at what he was hearing, but before he could respond to Recovery Girl a small voice said something.

“Just stop.”

Recovery girl turned back to Midoriya who was laying in a bed. “What did you say, I can’t hear you if you mutter an-”

“Please stop,” Midoriya whispered out a bit louder than before, “ I-I can’t take it anymore.”

The sensation in Shouta’s gut twisted something horrible when he heard the desperation and pain in his student’s voice.

“I didn’t do anything wrong so why are you blaming me? All I do is try and try, I asked for help but didn't get any. You know how hard this is, but all you do is get mad at me. Why? I didn’t do anything wrong. But it’s me everyone is yelling at, getting mad at. What about him? Why is it okay for him to hurt me all the time? I just want it to stop, so please just-just stop.”

Midoriya was crying and trying to catch his breath. Every sob felt like a punch to Shouta’s gut. Why did he sound like that? A child should never sound like that.

Recovery girl caught his eye and he beckoned her over. The woman actually looked a bit confused as to what to do with Midoriya openly sobbing near her. Once she was close enough he simply said, “What were his injuries?”

Recovery Girl listed them. He had second-degree burns, a black eye, a split lip, another cut inside his mouth, one cracked rib, a concussion, various bruises, and it was clear that the boy was suffering some sleep deprivation. That was what she told the underground hero. God did Shouta wish that he had hurt All Might when he had the chance last week.

After a few minutes when Midoriya’s sobs died down, Shouta insisted that Recovery girl heal him right away.

One kiss later, his student was passed out and he was displeased to see the faint bruise around his student’s eye still there along with a smaller cut still on the boy’s lip.

“He didn’t have enough energy to completely heal everything Aizawa-san. This is all that I can do if I don’t want to kill him, “ Recovery girl had said when Shouta had glared at her.

When Recovery girl left, Shouta stayed in a seat by the bed where Midoriya was.

___

It was a few hours later that Shouta saw that his student was awake. It was right after he had ran All Might out of the infirmary when the buffoon had to audacity to take one step inside. One look from Shouta was all it took for the number one hero to freeze and retreat. Shouta muttered, “Fucking All Might is not getting anywhere near my student” when he sat back down.

When Shouta heard a small voice say “Sensei,” he practically got whiplash with how quickly he turned his head to look at his student.

Tired dull green eyes stared at him and Shouta didn’t say anything. He just brought a hand to rest near his student's hand on the bed in silent support. He made sure to listen when he saw that he was going to say something.

"I'm so tired," Midoriya said in a way that his voice cracked. There was a heartwrenching pain in that voice and Shouta felt something clench in his chest. The feeling only worsened when he saw a tear slip out of the boy’s bruised eye.

Shouta moved his hand to rest on top of Midoriya’s scarred one. He squeezed it when only more tears came out, the whole time his student was silent.

______________

Izuku had not been expecting his homeroom teacher to be there when he had woken up. Much less to hear the man cursing out the number one hero and talking about how he wouldn’t let the man near him.

It was nice.

When those dark eyes had looked at him, Izuku finally said the one thing that seemed to perfectly described how he felt.

“I’m so tired.”

He was, he was so tired. Izuku had been tired for so long and this it seemed was the breaking point. He was tired of Bakugou, tired of explosions and being burned. He was tired of being put in situations that he didn’t deserve. He was tired of Recovery Girl continuing to scold him for things that weren’t his fault. For treating him as if he liked getting hurt and being sent to her. Liked being told that he needed to get better control of a quirk he had only had a small amount of time to learn to control. He was tired of how All Might was trying to make another copy of himself. How he ignored Izuku’s hesitant suggestions to try something new and instead taught Izuku another move that he used. Izuku of course already knew the move, but he would have liked to create his own.

He was tired of not being able to sleep in his own bed or even leave his own home. He was tired about the fact that it didn’t even feel like home, that he didn’t know what home was supposed to feel like.

Izuku was tired of holding everything in, so he let go. He cried and he told Aizawa-sensei how he felt. The man seemed to understand on some sort of level because the next thing he knew, he felt human warmth wrap around his hand. A hand with crooked fingers and had been aching and in pain all day (all weekend). That simple gesture, that look in his teacher’s eye made him feel like he could let go and be okay.

So he let the tears fall, and he squeezed Aizawa-sensei’s hand back until he fell asleep again.

___

When Izuku woke up he felt empty and so was the seat that Aizawa-sensei had sat in. He could hear the man’s voice on the phone in Recovery Girl’s office.

He felt numb and heavy. Izuku could already tell that he needed to go home or he would be somewhere else. It was like how he felt that last Monday but worse. He didn’t want to be in the infirmary anymore

Izuku wanted to leave.

So he did.

He slipped off of the bed, wincing at the injuries that clearly had not been able to be healed completely. He grabbed his bag that had been so politely set against this bed along with his uniform. And then he left.

He didn’t say goodbye

He didn’t make a sound.

It was like he was a ghost as he left UA campus, it was clear that school had ended a while ago. And like a ghost, he drifted back home. This time there were no classmates keeping him tethered, preventing him from drifting too deep inside his own mind.

When he got home, his mom did not acknowledge him. He didn’t acknowledge her.

He mindlessly walked to the bathroom. He could feel the uncomfortable stretch of his skin and he thought about the burn cream he should have. When he opened the cabinet he drifted further away as he saw there was none.

He would have to go get some.

So he did.

Inko didn’t say anything when he walked back out with only his wallet and phone after changing his clothes.

How interesting how she went days watching his every move to suddenly ignoring him.

That was the thought Izuku had when he walked to the convenience store. He thought of many other unpleasant things as he made his way to the aisle where there were medicines, bandages, and the burn cream he needed. Then he just stood there, staring at all the options. He was too deep inside his own thoughts to pick the damned burn cream he went there for.

Pathetic.

__________

In the middle of an empty aisle, there was a young boy with green hair that hung his head low and didn’t move for several minutes.

No one paid attention to him.

No one paid attention to him when a scarred man with staples in his skin walked towards the boy. No one paid attention when the man said something to the boy but did not get any response. No one paid attention when the man ended up grabbing an array of different medical products that were in the boy’s line of vision.

And certainly, no one paid attention when the man gently grabbed the young boy’s hand and pulled him into a swirling mass of purple mist that appeared out of nowhere.

No one paid any attention at all.
Notes:

    Well this chapter was a doozy wasn't it ;)

Chapter 15: Convenience Store Robbery
Summary:

    Just villains stealing a sad green child from a convenience store,no biggie.

Notes:

    Posted 7/7/21

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

After all students completed the exams, it was only a couple of hours before they were given their results (despite being morally questionable, the hero commission was effective). Class 1-A let out a sigh of relief when it was revealed to them that even if they did not pass, that they would still be going to the summer training camp. Apparently, Aizawa-sensei had done another logical ruse. Although they found it odd that Present Mic was the one to let them know instead of their teacher.

After being told this, they were allowed some free time. They quickly formed groups and started talking about how their exams went, but a certain question came up.

“Hey where is Midoriya and Aizawa-sensei?” Mina asked.

“I heard that Midoriya got injured,” Mineta said while sitting on Kaminari’s desk.

Kaminari looked up from his phone and poked Mineta. The boy jumping slightly at the contact, “Where did you hear that?”

Mineta shrugged, “Sometimes teachers forget I’m there since I’m so short. I heard them say that he was in the infirmary and that Aizawa-sensei was there with him.”

“Really?” Sero leaned further into his seat, “Do you think he was hurt badly?”

Mineta frowned, “Well if it wasn’t that bad he would be back already, only a little tired considering Recovery Girl’s quirk. But it’s been a while meaning that either his injuries were worse or he didn’t have enough energy and passed out. Then there’s the option that both of those things happened.”

“Mineta is right, kero.” Asui said, as she had been listening.

“Damn. I hope he’s alright.” Sero said.

Mineta and the others who were listening nodded in agreement.

Despite their happiness at passing and at the plans to go shopping together as a class. There were concerned looks sent towards Midoriya’s empty seat. Kaminari and Uraraka shared concerned looked with some of their classmates when they left campus.

Because Aizawa-sensei and Izuku never returned to class. And he had not responded to any of their messages

_____________

Shouta let his head slump towards his chest when he saw the empty infirmary bed. His student was gone and so were their belongings that were set beside it. He had wanted to join Midoriya on his way home and let the kid’s mother know what happened. He didn’t want to let his student go home alone after experiencing what he did.

Especially after he saw the footage of the exam.

The look he had while he watched the video footage Nedzu sent him would be enough for people to keep away from him for a long time. And rightfully so.

Shouta was furious.

He hated seeing his student get attacked by Bakugou. The boy simply wanted to work together and Bakugou answered him with violence. He hated seeing Midoriya take hit after hit, never once fighting back.

Why didn’t he use his quirk, he wondered. Midoriya was strong and should have been able to fight back. But for some reason he didn’t. It made him worried. Especially when he rewound the footage and saw how Midoriya froze at the contact on his shoulder, how his eyes didn’t fully look present.

Was he having a flashback, was that why he didn’t use his quirk?

Questions on top of questions piled up in Shouta’s mind.

But the one person who could answer him was gone.

He had to make sure that he would speak to Midoriya the next day when he is supposed to tell his class more about the trip they would be taking. He needed to talk to Midoriya.

______________

Despite only spending a weekend with the league and in all honestly just confusing them, they were still slightly concerned about the green-haired hero student. Many things that Midoriya said and did had left them feeling worried in a way. But they shouldn’t have, they barely knew the boy, and he was going to become someone that would be their enemy in the future.

That did nothing to change the fact that their conversations tended to return back to the young hero. That there a sense of unease when they thought about Midoriya, like something bad was going to happen to him.

After all, the boy himself had told them he was not okay. And it wasn’t often that someone just told a bunch of villains that they weren’t okay.

__

"You know you could just kidnap him again if you're so worried and miss him," Dabi said when Toga once again lamented the fact that Izuku-kun wasn't there. “We are villains after all, there is literally nothing stopping you.”

"Really!?"

"Either that or just visit him like a normal human being."

The way Toga smiled wasn't necessarily normal, so Dabi knew which option she preferred.

So with that in mind, and persistent nagging from Toga (and no one saying no), the league had done something rather peculiar for the past week. Each day one of them hung around the convenience store where they last picked up Midoriya. Waiting for the boy to show up. But during the whole week and weekend, they didn't catch a glimpse of green hair.

It was Monday when Dabi asked if he really had to go.

"Yes, he might be there and I miss him!" Toga said.

Dabi looked over to the others who seemed to be waiting for him to leave. "Are you all in agreement or something?"

Twice gave two distinct answers.

“He was alright so I’m fine with him here again,” Spinner said.

"It would be nice to see the little guy again, and he did say he would recommend being kidnapped. Remember the whole 10 out of 10?" Magne said.

Yes, Dabi did remember that.

"I find myself lacking proper entertainment, so I do hope you manage to get the young hero," Mr.Compress said while messing with a marble as usual.

Shigaraki didn’t look up from his game console, "If it gets you all to shut up for 5 minutes.” But everyone knew that Shigaraki in a way wanted the hero student back. Whenever the topic of the green boy came up, Shigaraki was quiet but never did he tell them to stop mentioning him or say no to the idea of having Izuku back at the bar. That itself was answer enough for Dabi.

Kurogiri didn't say anything as usual but they could see how the wisps seemed to resemble that of when he made tea for the boy.

Dabi himself could admit he wanted to see Midoriya again. The kid was odd, having spoken at ease with them (except for the panic situation) and even slept on him. He was funny and sincere, but there was a clear weight resting on him and making it hard to smile. Dabi couldn't deny that he was a little worried. Anyways he was a villain, so kidnapping a kid again should be no big deal (never mind the reasoning behind it). So he went through Kurogiri's warp without saying another word, and he entered the convenience store.

And waited.

It was much later than he thought, almost like the first time when Dabi finally got a glimpse of green hair walking into the convenience store. The boy didn’t look around, so he never saw Dabi.

Midoriya was wearing a short-sleeve shirt rather than a hoodie like last time, And he walked slow. Dabi kept an eye on him as the boy made his way towards the aisle that held medical supplies.

Why was he going to that aisle?

From being able to see the tops of the aisle he saw green hair pause, slump downward, and not move.

Why wasn’t the kid moving?

It was after another seven minutes that Dabi finally moved. To hell with waiting for Midoriya to walk out to get him again, he wanted to know why the kid was stock still in the middle of a store for so damn long.

So he walked and when finally got to the aisle and looked down, he felt uneasy at the scene before him.

Midoriya was standing in front of the shelf with his head hung low. Green hair covered the boy’s eyes. Dabi wondered if they would have any light in them. He could see a bit of Midoriya’s face, he was surprised to see what looked like a cut on the boy’s lip. The kid’s arms were at his side and his hands just hung there. Dabi could see what looked like new bruises on his arms along with scars that looked older than he felt comfortable thinking.

He hadn’t seen any of this last weekend, the boy had worn a hoodie and the sleeves were always down those few days. No one in the league had seen any of it. He thought back to how Midoriya had talked about being hurt by others before (being in worse situations), he wondered how many of those scars were from others.

Dabi stood in the aisle long enough for anyone to notice him, but still, Midoriya had not looked up and made no sign that he had noticed Dabi’s presence. So he walked forward.

“Hey princess,” He called out, fully expecting that to at least garner a response.

It didn’t.

There was no response when he got within a foot of the boy either.

“Midoriya,” he said more quietly, but loud enough that he should have been able to hear him. Still no response.

It reminded him of how Midoriya had frozen after his Endeavor tirade, but it was different. There was no tension in the boy’s body and he was breathing. Instead, it was like Midoriya had shut down. Why? Dabi didn’t know, but he didn’t like it.

He looked at the things on the shelf that Midoriya was standing in front of him.

He looked back at Midoriya and frowned. Surely there was a reason that Midoriya was at the store in the aisle in front of bandages, pain medication, and burn cream.

He sighed, “Well let’s do a little bit of shopping, shall we.” Then Dabi grabbed several products off the shelf and put them into his pockets. Still no response from Midoriya.

The next thing he did was take out his phone and sent a text to Kurogiri, letting him know to open a warp in the store. He made sure to send the coordinates that the warp villain needed.

Not a second later, a warp gate in the aisle that he and Midoriya were in appeared.

Still no response. The unease Dabi felt grew greater. His resolve to bring Midoriya back to the bar was solidified. Even if they weren’t already planning to essentially kidnap him again, there was no way Dabi would have left Midoriya in the store seeing the way he was at that moment. The thought of leaving him made him feel uncomfortable, it reminded him of when he was forced to leave his siblings despite not wanting to.

(Dabi would later worry about how he was feeling the same way he had with his siblings when it came to Midoriya.)

For now, he just needed to get Midoriya to go into the warp.

He thought about putting a hand on the boy’s shoulder but he dismissed the idea remembering how the boy had froze at that contact before. He didn’t want to set off the kid considering that state he was in.

Then he looked at Midoriya’s hand and his own.

Yes, that would work. Midoriya had said that he helped with the pain in his hand. And Midoriya seemed to like holding his hand, if the boy not letting go while he was asleep was any indicator.

So Dabi gently grabbed Midoriya’s hand, he let out a sigh of relief when he didn’t get punched and Midoriya continued to breathe. He slowly bought the hand up higher, taking note of the vast difference between his hand that had purple scars held together with staples and Midoriya’s pale hands with a few scars crossing over his skin. Then Dabi stepped forward pulling Midoriya with him. The boy let himself get pulled and still had no response.

Not a moment later the two of them walked through the warp gate. A concerned villain and a young tired hero, hand in hand.

__

Dabi was pleased to note that when he walked through the warp the only person he needed to stop was Toga. The girl had practically rushed forward, probably intending to hug and possibly stab Midoriya in greeting.

He had to dodge a knife when he grabbed Toga and made sure she didn’t get too close to Midoriya.

“Toga calm down, you can’t exactly say ‘hi’ yet.”

The girl pouted and looked at him, “Why not? Izuku-kun is finally here and you’re even holding his hand.”

Before Dabi could respond, Toga was trying to push past Dabi but was stopped by Magne. The woman leaned down and whispered something into Toga’s ear that made the girl stop and actually looked at Izuku.

He saw as Toga’s smile slowly faded away and was replaced by a look of concern. And the girl didn’t fight Magne as she led her away to sit at the bar.

Quietly they watched as Dabi led Midoriya to the couch, the boy’s head was still hanging low. There was no reaction when Dabi made him sit on the couch. And a few of them thought that when Dabi went to let go of Midoriya’s hand he looked hesitant before doing so.

In almost silent agreement, they all converged towards each other at the bar and Dabi came toward them. Even Shigaraki had put away his game console and Kurogiri was near them behind the bar.

“Hey Dabi what’s up with the little dude?” Spinner asked.

“I don’t know.”

“What do you mean you don’t know, wha hap-”

“I don’t know,” Dabi snapped with a glare, “He was like that when I found him standing in front of all the medicine shit. He didn’t respond to anything I did. I don’t know why he’s like that.”

"Medicine shit?"

"Yeah," and Dabi took the things he had in his pockets and placed them on the counter. There were a lot of items. It seemed that Dabi had rather large pockets and used them to their fullest potential in stealing from the store.

Twice, Kurogiri, and Shigaraki carefully went through the pile of different items.

Shigaraki picked up a tube of burn cream with two fingers, "Is he hurt?"

Everyone looked over to where Midoriya was on the couch, still unresponsive.

"Yeah, I think he is."
Notes:

    You guys are quite violent and creative in the comments with your threats. Really impressive I must say, makes me laugh whenever I see another person threatening to commit murder. I think the LOV would approve.

    Also here is a lifetime of tissues for those of you who have said they have cried. I'm surprised that I have gotten so many comments of that. I'm sorry? But you're not alone in being sad, I myself have made myself sad while writing this story. So here is to all of us being hurt, cheers.

    And yay! Izuku is back with the league. They are still confused and oddly concerned about our green boi. Whatever shall they do?

Chapter 16: "You're back!"
Summary:

    A green child finds himself in a familiar bar.

Notes:

    Posted 7/8/21

    Warning: Mild description of drowning being overwhelmed, violence in a nightmare, reference to Inko's parenting, reference to mental illness (what a surprise), reference to blood

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Izuku was drifting, drowning. At least that's what it felt like. It always felt like he was being pushed underwater and couldn't breathe. More things were always being added to the weight that dragged him down.

The looks from his mom, teachers, classmates. Those were additional weights. Each cut and bruise was another one. Every time someone's face twisted into disgust once they found out he didn't have a quirk.

Even when he did get one, courtesy of All Might, it was not something to keep him afloat. Instead, it was another weight.

Did no one see him drowning?

No, they didn't. After all, Izuku was very good at pretending he was fine or at least smiling like he was. All these years he managed to reach the surface a couple of times to get some air before going back down under.

But after his exam, he couldn't anymore.

So he drifted.

He wasn't even able to get the burn cream he had gone to the store. Simply trapped in his own mind, in a sea of cruelty and doubts. In thoughts that made it hard to breathe.

So he didn't notice when a familiar voice called out to him. But he felt a small warmth for a moment. Slowly the sea of unpleasant thoughts disappeared, replaced by smoke, wisps of grey around him. Nothing there that dragged him down.

Then he saw the lights like he had in the past and in front of him was the woman with a beauty mark on her chin.

She tilted her head and looked at him with a smile that made him want to cry. There was something heartbreaking in her eyes. And he watched as she reached out a hand and placed it on his cheek.

“Oh Izuku,” She said, “I’m so sorry.”

Why was she apologizing, he thought. He wanted to ask but once again he could not speak wherever ‘this’ was.

“I-,” The woman looked down and to the side.

Izuku noticed how the other lights were close by again, and one of them waved at him. It was a little funny and he thought about waving back. Were they other people? He turned back to the woman when she spoke again.

“I know you’re tired, so it’s okay. Don’t be hard on yourself sweetheart. Just-just rest okay?” She was looking at him with that look in her eyes. He wasn’t used to it. Why was she looking at him like that, why did it hurt?

Maybe it was because not even his own mother looked at him like that, telling him to rest.

And God, did he want to rest.

Could he? Was it okay?

Just like last time, the woman seemed to know exactly what he was thinking. She nodded and brought his face towards her. Then she kissed his forehead.

“It’s okay Izuku.”

Then she let go and Izuku felt himself being pulled away. But he didn’t want to go, he reached out his hand. He didn’t want to go back to drifting again. He was so tired of it. The woman kept smiling at him, as if trying to reassure him it would be okay.

Maybe it would.

He pulled back his hand and let himself be pulled away.\

Instead of feeling like he was going back underwater, he felt the softness of a cushion underneath him. He could hear familiar voices and the warmth of someone’s hands on his face.

When he opened his eyes it took a few moments to process what he was seeing.

Yellow eyes were staring right at him and dirty ash-blond hair framed a young girl’s face.

Wait.

“Toga?” He asked in a small voice.

And the girl who was holding his face in her hands squeezed his cheeks before smiling at him.

_____________

“Just what happened to him? It’s only been a week.” Spinner said when they all walked and sat around the couch. Each of them keeping an eye on the hero student who was just sitting on their couch. Seemingly unaware of where he was.

“He looks like a puppet with their strings cut. He’s probably dead.” Twice said.

Dabi sat down in one of the chairs in the corner, “Nah, he’s still breathing.”

Toga was the one who got close to Midoriya.

“Toga don’t stab him,” Magne said.

“I’m not! I just wanna take a closer look at Izuku-kun,” she stepped closer and crouched down in front of him, “He’s hurt again and his pretty eyes are dull like last time.”

__

While Toga continued to look at Midoriya, still keeping her hands (and knives) to herself, Compress made his way towards Dabi. “Does he not look like he did after his bout of passion regarding Endeavor?”

Dabi didn’t need to look at Compress when he answered, “Yeah he does, it’s a little different though. But it’s sort of the same since he doesn’t seem to know that he’s here.”

“And where do you think our young hero is?”

Dabi watched as Toga gently placed her hands on Midoriya’s cheeks to lift his face up. Green hair moved out of the way and revealed dull green eyes. Green eyes that didn’t seem to process that Toga was right there in front of him.

“I don’t know.”

__

Shigaraki sat on the couch that Midoriya was currently sitting on. Although he made sure to sit at the end and maintained space between him and the boy. Ergo maintaining space between him and Toga. The girl was currently holding Midoriya’s face in her hands and looking at him intently.

It seemed that she was trying to count the number of freckles that Midoriya had on his face. Shigaraki was surprised with how high the number had gotten until she lost count from being interrupted by Twice saying random numbers.

He had tuned them out until he heard a sudden intake of breath.

It came from Midoriya.

Everyone seemed to freeze as they watched Midoriya breathe in as if he hadn’t been breathing before. Then they saw as those eyes slowly moved around and processed what he was seeing. Toga never left her position of holding the boy’s face in her hands and right in front of him. If anything she looked excited.

“Toga?” They heard Midoriya ask in a small voice.

Toga’s excited energy went up and she squeezed his freckled cheeks and smiled at Izuku. The boy still looking a bit confused but not at all concerned by Toga’s smile.

“Izuku-kun you’re back!” She paused and looked at him seriously, “You are back right?”

“Uhh I think so,” Midoriya managed to say despite his cheeks being squished.

Then all Midoriya could do was let out an ‘oof’ as Toga launched herself at him onto the couch in a hug. While Toga squeezed Midoriya tightly the boy looked to the side and saw Shigaraki.

“Hi Shigaraki,’ Midoriya wheezed out.

Shigaraki lifted an eyebrow, “Midoriya,” He greeted.

When Midoriya went to say something else, Shigaraki saw him wince in pain for a moment before trying to speak again.

But he didn’t get a chance before Shigaraki cut him off.

“Toga get off of him.”

Toga turned her head and pouted, but at the look Shigaraki gave her, she relented.

When she got off of Izuku, it was clear that the boy was in pain as he brought a hand to his side where his ribs were. No one said anything though.

“How am I here?”

Shigaraki snorted at Midoriya’s question. “You should asked the burnt bitch over there in the corner.”

Spinner snickered off the side along with Twice.

“Oh shut up dust fucker,” Dabi snarked from his seat, then he looked at Midoriya. “Saw you in the store in front of the medical stuff like a damn statue. You didn’t respond to anything so I just grabbed whatever was on the shelves and brought you here.” he paused, “That was a while ago.”

Midoriya looked at Dabi with a blank face, “Oh.”

This time Shigaraki snickered.

Damn brat said the same thing he did when he was first kidnapped.

“Is that all you have to say?” Shigaraki asked, “What happened to you?”

At that question Midoriya tensed slightly and looked down, not saying anything.

Toga pouted and walked over to Shigaraki with a knife, “Look what you did Shiggy! Izuku-kun just got back and I want him to stay, so stop making him like that.”

Shigaraki backed up from the knife and from the serious look on Toga’s face, “Calm down I just asked a question. Everyone is wondering the same thing, the bra-”

Toga lunged the knife forward and Shigaraki dodged.

“-He was brought here looking like one of the Nomus waiting for orders. Just wanna know why, if he’s gonna be here.” Shigaraki explained. Toga ceased her attack when Shigaraki didn’t call Midoriya a brat and finished explaining.

Then everyone looked at Midoriya who seemed to shrink at the attention. “I-I don’t wanna talk about it right now,” he said in a small voice, and then he seemed to tense up even further.

Was he waiting for something, was he waiting to be hit for not answering their questions? Just what the hell happened?

They could easily decide to simply force Midoriya to tell them, they were villains. A plea from what looked like an injured hero student is nothing substantial to keep them from getting answers.

But did they do anything?

No, no they did not.

Instead, Shigaraki said ‘fine’ in his usual gruff voice and Spinner asked Kurogiri what they would eat for dinner. The conversation moved on.

Everyone saw how Midoriya seemed to relax at the change in topic.

__

They talked about different things, nothing of too much importance as Kurogiri provided them food. Midoriya hadn’t even asked for anything but that didn’t prevent a small warp gate from appearing in front of the boy and Kurogiri presenting him with a bowl of rice and some nori. Midoriya ate in silence and when he was finished another warp gate appeared and Midoriya put the bowl in it. Shigaraki watched this in amusement, it reminded him of Kurogiri doing the same for him when he was younger.

It was an hour later that everyone seemed to realize that the slumped figure of Midoriya on the couch was actually asleep.

“I still want to know what happened to him. Who cares.“ Twice said when he passed by the sleeping boy.

Toga stood next to Twice, “Izuku-kun will tell us when he wants to.”

With that everyone settled into their own spots for the night. Shigaraki went to his room. Kurogiri stayed behind the bar (he never did need sleep). Magne and Compress settled into one of the booths. Dabi went for a walk with Toga. Spinner went off to another room that Kurogiri recently put a bed in, much due to the league’s complaint that Shigaraki was the only one who could actually sleep comfortably at the bar(He would be adding another bed in the next upcoming days, along with some more comfortable seating around the couch). Twice settled into another booth himself.

__________

Izuku was disappointed that he didn’t return to the misty place with the kind woman and lights when he fell asleep. It would have been a nice way to end the day especially with how he somehow ended up back with the league at the bar. It was a bit scary how he didn’t really notice anything until he saw Toga holding his face though.

Was he really that deep inside his own head?

It was a concerning thought, just another one to add to the pile he had. Along with the fact that he was pretty sure one of his ribs was bruised, Recovery Girl most likely unable to heal him fully considering the lack of sleep.

Maybe that was another reason why he ‘shut down’ so badly.

Izuku knew that he wasn’t okay. He knew he was depressed and had anxiety(he knew this for a long time). But he also knew that there was more to it, looking up how he felt in the past led to results of website talking about dissociation, suicide, and PTSD.

He had closed his laptop and didn’t open it for a few hours when those results showed up.

It was scary.

Especially since he’d have to read those articles by himself. He didn’t want to, afraid that it would make things worse by facing what exactly was going on in that brain of his.

He already had to face all the articles about quirklessness by himself.

Alone at 4 years old, looking over the statistics basically telling him that he should be lucky he was alive. That it probably wouldn’t be long until he met the same fate and joined the others in statistics. A name forgotten among a sea of numbers.

That was his reality the day he came home from the doctor.

His mother was in the other room, crying. But not crying out of sadness or worry for her son, but out of anger. That day Izuku had stayed in his room while he heard the noises of things being broken. One of the only times she had ever gotten violent. That memory was always in the back of his mind whenever he saw her getting particularly mad. But she never did get physically violent with him.

But others held no such reservation.

He was back to experiencing the pain people caused him again in his nightmares. He was back in an alley (because that was such a familiar place for him) surrounded by the blank faces of three other people. They were kicking him while he lay on the ground. He could feel how every time he managed to get a breath in, it was forced out of him by another kick. The blank faces gave off auras of hate and disgust, he could hear the echoes of insults ringing off the alley walls. He curled up tighter and bit his lip.

Izuku woke up when he tasted blood in his mouth.
Notes:

    Izuku may be back with the league, but he's still suffering (and with good reason). he's tired and emotionally just maxed out. It won't be easy to talk about everything that had happened after the day he had. The LOV will have to patient for him to tell them more about what happened. Nevermind how frustrating it might be.

    CAN I GET SOME LOVE FOR MY GIRL NANA AND THE OTHER VESTIGES. THEY ARE VERY WORRIED ABOUT THE NINTH. And you cannot tell me that Nana would not be motherly to Izuku in a way, that poor green child. He needs all the love possible.

    And I think with Izuku that he knows slightly about what else he is possibly dealing with but it really is scary to consider it when you are alone and have no support. So he avoids addressing it somewhat. he already had to deal with the diagnosis of being quirkless and doing research on that, and you know how well that went. He doesn't want to go through something like that again.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 17: Hands have many purposes
Summary:

    A helping hand is given.

Notes:

    Posted 7/10/21

    Reminder that Mr.Compress's name is Sako Atsuhiro. Also, Sako's appearance is described here so Spoilers!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It was early in the morning, around 4am and Sako Atsuhiro was awake. Everyone else was asleep, Dabi and Toga having returned and gone to the room where Spinner was in. Probably to push the poor fellow off and take the bed for themselves. Kurogiri was doing something in the back. Twice and Magne were still asleep in their respective booths. Shigaraki sleeping in his room away from the others.

Sako was cleaning some of his masks in one of the booths when he heard someone gasp for air. Then he heard as if someone was trying to catch their breath but having a difficult time doing so.

He got up and walked over to the couch where it was coming from.

As Sako walked closer he could see Midoriya sitting up, a little hunched over with one hand coming to his side and the other gripping the cloth of his pants tightly. He could hear Midoriya taking in gulps of air and letting it out quickly. Not quite near hyperventilating but nowhere near a normal breathing rate.

It seemed that the young hero had a nightmare.

Midoriya had not yet noticed Compress until the man sat down on the couch, a few feet away from him. Wide green eyes whipped up to look at Sako’s brown eyes, the man’s mask was off and so was the black balaclava mask he wore underneath it.

It was funny to see as green eyes took in the new details that were in view, that Midoriya’s breathing calmed down.

“Hello little hero, it seems that you’ve had a nightmare. Quite dreadful those are,” Sako said in a soft voice, as to not wake up the other sleeping patrons in the bar.

As Midoriya’s breathing slowed down the boy managed to get a word out, “Mr.Compress?”

“Yes, it is I. Although I do have another name, one that you may have the privilege of learning if you play your cards right.”

Sako was pleased by the small uptick in Midoriya’s mouth. Although he was not pleased to see the cut on the boy’s lip, red and bleeding somewhat. Did the boy bite his lip in his sleep? He was brought out of his thoughts when Midoriya spoke again.

“You have curly hair,” Midoriya stated, his eyes looking at the brown curls on Sako’s head. A bit more disheveled than usual considering the time.

The man smiled and brought a hand to go through his hair, “You do as well, much curlier than mine I must say. Messier too.”

The boy in front of him let out a huff of air in amusement, seeming to have gotten control of his breathing. The only sign that he had been distressed were the dark circles under green eyes, the slight sheen of sweat on the boy’s face, and some shaking in his hands. Compress also noted how Izuku had not removed one of his hands from his side.

“Do you perhaps need to use one of the many things Dabi brought from the store?” he asked.

Midoriya tilted his head in confusion.

“Dabi found you in the medicine aisle and he brought back quite an array of items. I’m sure you were there to get something so, do you need to use something at the moment?”

He saw how Midoriya frowned slightly and looked hesitant to give an answer. It took a moment before the boy responded.

“Uh yeah, I do.”

In a flourish, Compress stood up and beckoned Midoriya to follow him, “Then let us retreat to the bar. Everything is on the counter.”

__

Sako saw how Midoriya winced when he got into one of the bar seats. The boy went ahead with organizing the items into different piles.

Pain medications.

Creams.

Bandages, medical tape, and gauze.

While Midoriya was doing this, Kurogiri came out from the back and paused at the sight of Compress and Midoriya at the bar. He looked at Sako with what looked like questioning yellow glowing eyes but said nothing. The warp villain’s attention was drawn away from Sako when Midoriya spoke.

“Hi Kurogiri.”

“Hello, Midoriya. It’s a pleasure to see you again. Would you like some tea?”

“Uh-no it’s fine. Can I have some water instead,” Midoriya said as he had just poured out two pills of pain medication onto the palm of his hand.

A moment later Midoriya was swallowing the two pills and drinking from the cup of water Kurogiri had set before him. When Sako didn’t see Midoriya pick anything else from the pile of supplies he huffed and turned Midoriya’s bar seat to face him.

At Midoriya’s surprised face Sako smiled, “Surely you know that you need more than two simple pills. Have you not noticed the cut on your lip?” Compress grabbed some gauze and asked Kurogiri for some more water. Then with a quick ‘one moment’ Sako left, washed his hands, and returned.

The man quickly took his spot in the seat that Midoriya was facing and grabbed the gauze. He put some water on it before turning to Midoriya. “Alright I’m going to clean the cut so don’t move,” and then Sako placed a hand under Midoriya’s chin to hold him in place while the other held the gauze.

It was a funny scene of Midoriya Izuku sitting patiently while a villain gently held his face and cleaned out the cut on his lip. The boy seemed a bit confused at what was happening but did not shy away from the proximity between him and Compress. Meanwhile, Compress was talking.

“So tragic to see a young man’s face marred by injuries. Hopefully, this does not scare off any future potential suitors. What do you think Kurogiri?”

Kurogiri looked at Sako and then at Midoriya. Green eyes (one of them surrounded by bruising) looked at him curiously and Kurogiri had to admit he found some amusement in the scene before him. “I don’t think Midoriya will have many issues in that department Mr.Compress,” he replied.

At that Sako smiled, “Ah yes you are correct,” Brown eyes flitted back to green in amusement, “Didn’t we all agree that you had- what was it- ‘good looks’ like you had said before leaving last time?”

It seemed that Midoriya did remember as he blushed slightly and smiled, “You’re right that did happen,” the boy said.

“Indeed it did, so I will do my best in ensuring your ‘good looks’ are not held back by this ghastly cut on your lip. I’m almost done cleaning it up. I do believe there is a cream you will need to put on it too.”

“Antispetic cream,” Midoriya offered.

“Yes, that will do the trick. You can put that on by yourself,” Sako said, noting how quickly Midoriya knew the next step. Just how often did the boy have to do something like this for himself?

Before Compress went to go wash his hands again he saw that Midoriya found the cream. He was pleased to see that the cut seemed to look better than how it did when Midoriya had woken up from his nightmare. When he returned, Midoriya was still sitting at the bar and Compress sat next to him. The two of them watched as Kurogiri went about rearranging the liquor bottles and glasses.

They didn’t talk. Midoriya seemed to have reached his limit on words and there was a heaviness around the boy. Sako still sat beside him though, eventually even grabbing his masks from his booth and going back to cleaning them at the bar counter. At one point he gave Midoriya one of his masks and the spray and cloth he had been using to clean them. Under Sako’s watchful eyes, the boy cleaned it without speaking. Compress was pleased to note that Midoriya was still very gentle with his masks like he was last time.

__

When the sun rose and the other villains slowly woke up, they found that Midoriya was behind the bar. The boy had a cloth in his hands and was cleaning glasses. Kurogiri was right beside him cleaning the counter (the warp villain was rather obsessive about the cleanliness of his bar and glasses).

The scene was enough to make Shigaraki pause and mutter ‘what the fuck’ softly under his breath.

When Spinner came in, clearly more of a morning person than everyone else and was about to speak, Kurogiri opened a warp that enveloped the man’s head. Spinner’s voice could be heard in some other part of the building. A second later Spinner pulled his head out of the warp with a sheepish look on his face.

“Oh sorry about that.”

Everyone else luckily was more subdued in the early hours and were quick to accept the breakfast that Kurogiri made for them. Including Midoriya who sent a grateful look when he found some food waiting for him as well.

No one said anything though when it became time that Midoriya would have to go to school. They didn’t say anything when it passed the hour that his classes would have started.

Because Midoriya didn’t say anything either.

_________

Izuku was perfectly aware of the hour that was creeping up on him as he was in the bar. It was time for him to start heading for school.

But that was the last thing he wanted to do.

He didn’t want to face Bakugou, afraid that he wouldn’t see the present boy but the middle school version. Even if he didn’t, it was clear that the time would not change how Bakugou could burn him with ease. He didn’t want to face All Might. Bitterness threatened to envelop him at the thought that the man was the reason why Izuku was in pain. He didn’t understand how Yagi-san could have put him in such a situation. He remembered how Aizawa-sensei had told him about not going to be put into another situation with Bakugou.

He knew that Aizawa-sensei didn’t lie. And it was clear that the man was angry at All Might after his match.

Somehow All Might was able to change things with his exam.

He wondered how things would have gone if he had actually fought with the teammate he was supposed to have against the teacher he was supposed to. What he could have learned, but that opportunity was thrown away once his mentor got involved. The man was seemingly oblivious or just uncaring.

He thought about how Aizawa-sensei was worried, how his classmates seemed worried about him. Then he thought about the woman with the beauty mark on her chin, what she had said to him. She told him not to be hard on himself, that he should rest, that it was okay.

So he decided not to say anything about the time. And he stayed.

He was too tired to do anything else.

____________

Shouta didn’t like how when he walked into his class that Midoriya’s seat was empty. Before class started he asked if anyone had seen Midoriya. When everyone said ‘no’, that twisting feeling in his gut returned. It worsened when he heard snippets of his students’ conversation saying how the Problem child had not responded in the group or separate chats at all. Apparently, they were planning o do a shopping trip before the training camp.

The training camp was to happen in four days, the last day of school was today.

Aizawa wondered if Midoriya simply just did not want to come to school. He would understand, anybody would want a small break. But there was an underlying sense of unease at the fact that his student had not shown up and not spoken to anybody.

But he momentarily pushed the thought to the side when he went into the teacher’s lounge and he saw Nedzu and All Might.

At the sight of the number one hero flashes of what his student laying on the ground in the alley, and in the infirmary bed silently crying while holding his hand tightly appeared in his mind. Something that should have never happened.

He activated his quirk and quickly strode up to the man. All Might barely turned to see the underground hero before Shouta’s fist made contact with his face.

All activities in the lounge came to a standstill.

Everyone froze at what they had just seen. Aizawa Shouta, Eraserhead punched Yagi Toshinori in the face. All Might in the face, the number one hero.

Yagi stumbled back but did not fall. The man brought a hand to his face in pure bewilderment at what just happened. There was some blood coming from the corner of his mouth. “Aizawa what is the me-”

“Shut the fuck up,” Shouta said in a cutting tone that instantly made Yagi stop talking. There was pressure in the air coming from Shouta and everyone was too afraid to move. None wanted to draw Shouta’s attention to them. When Shouta stepped forward, Yagi stepped back.

“You don’t deserve to be here. Nedzu and I were very clear on what you were not to do, and yet you completely ignored it. You put my student in a situation that he should never have been in, you hurt him.”

Yagi started to look awkward and brought a hand as if to placate Shouta like he was some angry animal, “Now Aizawa I wouldn’t go as far as to say I hurt Young Midoriya. I did what I thought was best but it seemed that he di-”

As more words continued to come out of Yagi’s mouth the pressure in the air increased and everyone took a step back. The next thing the number one hero knew was that he was cut off by someone grabbing a fistful of his tie and shirt. Dangerously close to cutting off his air supply.

Black eyes bore into the Yagi’s blue eyes and the man felt as if his mouth were dry. Even without the use of his quirk, Shouta made the hero feel a sense of fear that he did not often feel.

“You can’t even comprehend what you’ve done wrong.” he said lowly but everyone could hear it clear as day, “How is it that you’re the number one hero?”

Yagi’s eyes slowly left Shouta’s face and landed on Nedzu who was watching the scene without his typical smile. He sent a pleading look to the principal for him to step in. The mammal simply closed his eyes and spoke.

“That is a question that at times I feel I do not know the answer to Aizawa.”

With Nedzu’s words, the tension seemed to break and Shouta looked at Yagi with seeming disinterest (how his expression changed was startling) before letting go of Yagi’s shirt and pushing the man a bit back at the gesture.

Then Shouta walked out of the lounge with Nedzu following after him.
Notes:

    I had fun writing Sako's dialogue and way of interacting with Midoriya. Please let me know what you thought of it! He reminds me of Tokoyami in a way but more playful.

    Poor Aizawa just worried about his student. I do want to say tho, that I don't think Aizawa is someone impulsive. I think he is relatively calm even in anger. This punch was after aizawa had warned AM, a second strike if you will.

    All might had been told what not to do and he completely disregarded it so that had pissed Aizawa off even more especialy after seeing how Izuku was after the exam. AM needed a reality check and that came in the form of one lovely punch to the face.

    <3 Also Nedzu props to you for backing him up.

    As usual, hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 18: What reflection do you see?
Summary:

    Izuku finally looks at himself in the mirror.

Notes:

    Posted 7/13/21

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Midoriya didn’t talk for the rest of the day. He wasn’t completely absent like before, but there were several times that they could see that Midoriya was not there. Each time that happened Toga was visibly upset and played with her knife.

He was a silent figure in the bar.

As silent as he was, the only thing the league members could do was take in the boy’s appearance for clues.

Dark circles. There was bruising around one of his eyes. A cut on his lip that looked like it was treated earlier. Fresh bruises on his arms. And scars.

So. Many. Scars

None of them had seen those scars the last time that he was there. Each of them remembered the long-sleeved hoodie that had hid them from their sight.

“Those are old scars,” Magne said to Compress and Twice as they sat in a booth.

“Indeed they are.”

Twice leaned back into his seat, “We all have scars here, he’s not special,” he then suddenly leaned forward with a raised eyebrow, “Where did he get them? ”

“Last time he was here, he did mention being in ‘worse’ situations. Also, do you recall how he said that others have used their quirks on him?” Compress explained.

“Shit. He did say that.”

“Then that would mean other kids did that do him,” Magne looked over at the boy sitting at the bar, “But there are so many.”

“Yes, it seems life has not been kind to the young hero.”

Twice tapped the table before getting out of his seat, “Well that seems like an understatement.” Then he went and sat next to Midoriya at the bar.

Magne and Compress simply looked at the two before Sako spoke. “You know he had a nightmare earlier, yes?”

Magne nodded, “Yeah, I woke up and saw you sitting on the couch with him and then going to bar counter. You helped with the cut on his lip right?”

“Yes, just some cleaning and antiseptic cream. Should do the trick with taking care of it. It’s odd seeing such an injury on his face.”

“How do you think he got it?”

“Must have been at that hero school of his, although I’m confused on how he came here with it unhealed. If I heard correctly the youthful heroine should be at the school.” Sako said with a thoughtful look on his face.

Magne frowned, “He has other injuries that are not healed, everyone can tell.”

“Do you think he will reveal the answers to the questions that we all have?”

“I don’t know. Toga did say that he’d tell us when he wanted to. It’s a little funny how protective she is of him.”

Sako laughed, resting his elbow on the table and his cheek in the palm of his hand, “My dear, Toga also wishes to stab him.”

“Toga wants to stab everybody Compress, it’s not a big deal. Also, the kid has managed to avoid her knives so far.”

“Correct. He seems almost as talented as you are at avoiding getting cut by Toga’s blades.”

Magne smiled, “It be nice to have someone else here who was good at that. Toga has gotten pretty close at getting you guys, almost makes me worry,” she said slyly.

Sako mocked surprised and brought a hand to his chest, “Worried? Whatever shall I do?”

“Get stabbed probably,” She replied.

_________

It was nice to just sit at the bar. Izuku was able to enjoy at least one cup of tea that Kurogiri had given him, although he had to drink slowly as not to aggravate the cut on his lip.

He thought about how Mr.Compress had so easily cleaned it up for him. Izuku knew he should have been worried about having someone that could easily kill him holding his face, but just like with Toga, he didn’t feel worried. The way that they had touched his face was so different from the other usual physical contact he had. After dealing with harsh hits and burning hands, gentle ones that were careful were very much welcomed. The way they had looked at him too was different.

Toga had looked excited when he said her name and she smiled at him. Mr.Compress looked amused but genuine in his action of cleaning the cut. Even making him less tense with the jokes he made in good humor. It hadn’t felt like the man was making fun of him. And Izuku was sure that the warmth that he had felt earlier that made him see the misty place must have been Dabi from what the flame user had told him.

So he sat quietly at the bar.

Sometimes though he could feel himself slipping slightly in awareness, but a noise from the others brought him back. The sound of Twice taking up a seat beside him reminded him of where he was.

He looked sideways at the man. He wore a black and grey suit over his whole body. Izuku had noticed how expressive Twice was, even with the mask on. He also noticed how Twice tended to speak in two voices, but no one seemed bothered and neither was Izuku. Yes, the other voice tended to be more violent or rude but it wasn’t anything Izuku wasn’t used to hearing.

Overall, he seemed alright.

“You know, you should really take care of the burn on your shoulder. We don’t want to deal with a crying kid.”

Izuku realized that Twice was looking at him now, he could tell that one of the man’s eyebrows was raised as if scolding him. When Izuku didn’t say anything Twice continued.

“Doesn’t matter if it’s minor, it could get infected. Dumbass kid, shouldn’t have said anything.”

Twice wasn’t wrong. Izuku had been avoiding doing anything for that burn, it was such a familiar feeling that he didn’t feel completely concerned. But here he was, being told by someone in the league to go take care of it. It was odd. Izuku wondered if they just didn’t want to deal with an injured kid or if they cared.

They did technically kidnap him after all, who’s to say that it wasn’t like last time when Shigaraki wanted information? But if they did, it was odd that they hadn’t asked any questions yet.

Either way, he was grateful for someone just telling him he should take care of himself. He grabbed a few items from the bar counter and gently got off the bar seat, careful not to strain himself. Before going to the bathroom he made sure to say a small 'thank you' to Twice. He turned around and missed the surprised look that came across the man’s face.

In the bathroom, he got to work. He was happy to note that Dabi had gotten the burn cream he usually got, it had some special properties that sped up the healing and could be placed on the burn without risk (courtesy of companies trying to include more quirk properties into their products). After cleaning and then putting on the cream, he got some bandages and placed them around the burn, using medical tape to keep it in place.

He gave the other smaller burns he had the same treatment.

Once he was done he looked in the mirror to make sure everything was in place.

He froze at the reflection he saw.

Staring back at him was a boy with curly green hair and a tired face. He saw how he still had the bruising around his eye and that the cut on his lip (he wondered if it would scar). Then he looked at his arms and chest littered with different types of scars. Ones that he would always remember how he got and others that seemed to just appear. Most notable was his shoulder, now with a bandage covering it, but he knew that if he took it off there was the faint imprint of a hand. He also saw bruises on his arm and on his side.

It seemed that Recovery Girl was unable to heal everything completely, but that wasn’t her fault. He hadn’t slept for days and never did have much energy anyways. It would take a while for the bruises to disappear.

So the normal routine then.

Funny how he still had to follow that routine after entering UA. Funny how he was following it while in the presence of people who were the opposite of heroes. But there he was, in their bathroom, exposing all the pain that life’s thrown at him in an empty bathroom.

For a minute or two Izuku just stared at himself in the mirror.

He didn't feel like crying, instead, he felt resigned. Resigned to the fate that he looked like that, that it was likely more scars would join the others.

When his eye caught the blue resting against his chest he finally put back on his shirt. He made sure to bring the necklace out from underneath it like he did the previous night. He wasn’t near Inko so there shouldn’t be an issue with it being out.

__________

In an office at UA, Nedzu and Shouta were staring at each other. Neither of them showing any sign that they would avert their gaze.

“I want them punished,” Shouta said breaking the silence.

“Bakugou and Yagi, I presume.”

“Yes.”

Nedzu clasped his paws together, “I agree.”

“Glad to see we’re on the same page then.”

“Yes indeed. Now have you gotten in contact with Midoriya-kun's mother, he is entitled to the option to press charges considering the circumstances.”

At this is when Shouta looked away and brought a hand to his forehead. ”No, I haven’t. All calls went to voicemail. I’m surprised though that she hasn’t called yet.”

“What about Midoriya-kun himself,” Nedzu asked.

“I’ve heard from my other students that he has not responded to their messages. Do you think it’s a possibility that he simply does not want to talk to anybody at the moment?”

Nedzu leaned back in his seat, “There is that possibility but it is concerning that no one has managed to make contact with him or his mother. Hopefully, he will show up at the gathering that your students are planning before leaving for the training camp.”

“Hopefully…”

“And it is unlikely that Midoriya-kun would miss going to training camp, he has the makings of a great hero.”

Shouta knew that Nedzu was in an odd sort of way trying to reassure him, but that didn’t make the unease he was feeling go away. He would give Midoriya time to reach out to him and for his mother to call back, but there was a small part of him that didn’t believe that would happen.

“Now,’ Nedzu said with a certain glint in his eye that brought Shouta out of his thoughts, “let’s discuss those punishments shall we.”

__

At the end of the meeting Bakugou Katsuki was no longer considered a student of UA and would be unable to join the hero course at any of the other hero schools for a year. As part of his punishment was put into mandatory anger management, therapy, and had the incident on his record.

His parents had nothing substantial to excuse their son’s actions. They had said that they would make full use of the therapy.

All Might was fired. Unfortunately because of the hero commission, Nedzu was unable to maintain that status so after a few hours he instead downgraded All Might’s position to that of an Assistant rather than a teacher. All Might was also not allowed to be with students without supervision.

___________

When Izuku sat back down in his seat next to Twice, Kurogiri placed a glass of water and a bottle of pain medication in front of the boy.

“Ooo someone’s worried,” Twice said in a teasing voice referring to Kurogiri. The warp villain simply ignored the comments and sent an almost expectant look at Izuku until the boy took the medicine.

After that, things went back to normal. Well as normal as they were with Izuku being quiet and villains doing whatever they do.

When it got late again, Izuku went to a booth and laid down on the seat. Still not having said a word. It was vastly different compared to the last time he was there in the bar. At that time, he had not hesitated to join their conversation and talk.

Now he seemed like a silent copy, albeit more bruised and banged up.

After a while Toga joined Izuku in the booth and laid down in the seat across from him. She had her head turned to look at him from under the table. Meanwhile, he was simply staring at the ceiling, hands clasped across his chest.

No one went near them for the rest of the night.

___

“You know Izuku-kun,you should probably take a shower. I bet you stink.”

Toga watched as Izuku slowly turned his head and looked at her, “I don’t have a change of clothes Toga”

Toga shrugged, “I can get you clothes. I have a bag here with clothes, some extra sweatpants, and I can steal one of Shiggy’s hoodies for you. Kurogiri buys him a bunch so he won’t miss one.”

Toga thought it was funny when she saw the dumbfounded look on Izuku’s face, “And before you talk about underwear I can just steal some from a store with Kurogiri’s help”

When she saw Izuku smile is when Toga really smiled, and she had to keep back from squealing when he said ‘okay’.

___

No one really knew what to say when they saw Toga jump up from the booth and then proceed to somehow gently drag Midoriya towards the bathroom. Or when she threw a pair of pants, a hoodie, and a towel at the boy before pushing him into the bathroom.

They practically choked when Toga answered Kurogiri’s question about why she wished to go to the store.

“To get Izuku-kun some underwear!”

The warp villain seemed to freeze for a moment before sighing and creating a warp for Toga. A few moments later she came back holding several different packages and ran towards the bathroom. When she knocked and the door open slightly she handed a package to Midoriya and they could all hear a somewhat flustered ‘thank you’.

They watched amused as Midoriya barely had a chance to breathe when he walked out the bathroom after taking a shower. His hair was still wet as Toga was pulling him towards the couch. Shigaraki was also on the couch and when he saw Midoriya he simply said “Nice hoodie”.

At which Dabi and Compress laughed.

Midoriya looked a little better than from before and as he used the towel to dry his hair, everyone’s eyes lingered a bit on the necklace that held a certain blue marble resting against the hoodie.

“Ah well, would you look at that,” Magne said to the magician who looked rather pleased by the new development.
Notes:

    As usual, the league is curious about what Midoriya had been through.

    There now you see the punishment of the two. Due to the 'outrage' and controversy of All mIght being fire Nedzu has to keep All Might, but this man is anything but a teacher so he gets a low-level position that Nedzu will use to his fullest extent to keep the man away from his students. Also with Bakugou he is not going to be at UA and instead when he goes to another school there is a time limit until when he can try out for whatever school he's in hero course. Along with this, he will be getting anger management and therapy because his mentality is hella messed up from attacking Midoriya and needs to be addressed. Over time Bakugou should get better but he will have the incident will be noted on his academic record.

    And finally Izuku takes a shower and gets some other clothes. Toga really is acting like a sister and I am here for it

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 19: Now here's a question
Summary:

    He's missing?

Notes:

    Posted 7/16/21

    Warning: Inko's horrible parenting.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It seemed that Midoriya was not leaving when the next day and the day after that, he took another shower and Toga stole another hoodie from Shigaraki. It was almost becoming a little routine. Although, Magne was curious how long it would last considering that Toga kept sneaking into Shigaraki’s room to get another hoodie despite the others having clothes that she could steal or Izuku as well.

Speaking of Midoriya.

He hadn’t said anything about when he would be leaving, but Midoriya hadn’t said much at all. He was still oddly quiet, although each day he spoke just a little bit more. Usually when prompted by others. Other than that he wouldn’t say much of anything at all.

It was on Friday that Midoriya’s phone kept ringing with notifications and the boy looked at his phone and put it on silent.

__________

“Midoriya isn’t here,” Kaminari lamented, leaning against Uraraka who held him up despite Iida’s protests that Kaminari support himself. His protests, of course, went unheard.

Uraraka sighed and looked at the gathering of her classmates except for a few individuals that said they would not have been able to come. She couldn’t help but feel like Kaminari when she did not see Midoriya. She was worried about him.

“Well we’ll see him tomorrow,” She said.

“Yes, we will. Midoriya is a diligent student and would not miss training camp. I’m sure tomorrow he can let us know how he is doing. I’m sure he is alright, “ Iida said. The boy a bit more robotic than usual with the lingering worry regarding his friend.

Both Uraraka and Kaminari nodded in agreement. Yes, they would see Midoriya tomorrow.

__

There were a lot of murmurs as class 1-A boarded the bus, but Midoriya was not among them. Even Todoroki had came up to Uraraka and Iida.

“Do you know where Midoriya is?”

Uraraka frowned, “No I don’t. I haven’t seen him since Monday and he hasn’t responded to any messages.”

At that answer, Todoroki shared Uraraka’s expression. He didn’t leave right away and the two of them both sent a questioning look at Iida who sighed.

“I’m sure there is a perfectly reasonable explanation,” Iida told them.

But everyone had a feeling that there was something more serious amiss, especially when they looked at the amount of messages they had sent to Midoriya but were never replied to.

Just where was he?

__________

The moment that Shouta did not hear a ‘here’ when he did role call and called Midoriya’s name, was when he started texting Nedzu and Hizashi. In a matter of minutes, it was agreed that Hizashi would do a home visit to see what was going on and why Midoriya was not there.

On the ride Shouta grit his teeth when Hizashi told him that no one seemed to be home. Although the voice hero said that they would stay until either of the two Midoriya’s showed up.

It was as he was standing with the Wild Wild Pussycats waiting for his students to come out of the forest that he felt his stomach drop. Because there was a text staring back at him from his phone.

Hizashi: Shou, his mom said that she hasn’t seen him for a few days now. She said that last she saw him was Monday night. He isn’t here.

___________

When Hizashi saw a green-haired woman waking up he was quick to greet her, “Inko Midoriya correct.”

The woman paused and looked at him, there was tension clear in her body, “Yes, that’s me now who are you?”

Hizashi smiled, “Hello I’m Yamada Hizashi a teacher at UA, your son’s Engish teacher to be exact.”

Once those words left Yamada’s mouth he saw the tension leave Midoriya-san’s body and an annoyed look appeared on her face.

“What did Izuku do this time?”

“I’m sorry what?” Hizashi asked. Why would she think Izuku did something and why did she already seem annoyed. Izuku didn’t seem like the kid to get in trouble.

Midoriya-san proceeded to come to her door and as she unlocked it she spoke, “Izuku is always getting into all sorts of trouble. He did it all the time in middle school so I’m not surprised it happened at UA. So just tell me what he did.” and she walked inside beckoning for Hizashi to come inside.

Almost hesitantly did Hizashi come inside, “Well he’s actually not in trouble and a good kid. But he wasn’t at school today for the trip.”

“Trip?”

“Yes. trip. We are taking the hero classes to a training class for a week during break. We were leaving today but your son never showed up.”

Inko looked back at HIzashi with a frown, “I was never made aware of any trip and I don’t know why Izuku didn’t go.”

“Well, could I talk to him?” Hizashi said while looking around their home.

“No you can’t,” Inko said bluntly.

“Why not?”

“He’s not here.”

Hizashi could feel his patience running thin and his awe that this woman was the little listener’s mother growing. “Where is he?” he asked, hoping to actually be given a substantial answer.

Inko practically looked bored as she gave her response, “I don’t know. Probably out causing trouble. He left Monday night and I haven’t seen him since. The boy is always causing me issues, honestly, I give up in trying to keep in him in line. It’s useless.”

Hizashi couldn’t say anything for a moment because if he did, he was sure that he would end up using his quirk on the woman. The mother of one of his favorite little listeners.

He wasn’t here? Haven’t been seen since Monday? Was he missing, was he hurt? It was clear that Inko had not reported him missing because then the school would have been notified.

Inko seemed to take Hizashi’s silence as an excuse to continue to complain about Izuku. It irked the voice hero to listen as she painted a horrible picture about her son, a boy who didn’t fit the image at all. During her spiel of lies, Hizashi texted Aizawa letting him know the situation.

Hizashi: Shou, his mom said that she hasn’t seen him for a few days now. She said that last she saw him was Monday night. He isn’t here.

Shouta: What do you mean he isn’t there?

Hizashi: He’s missing, and basically has been since Monday.

Hizashi: And there’s something else you need to know.

Shouta: what

Hizashi: The little listener’s mom doesn’t seem to care Shou. Right now she’s complaining about him and saying all these things that I know aren’t true. It’s like she’s annoyed about him and not at all worried. She didn’t even report him missing.

Hizashi: Despite how they look like each other, I can’t imagine this woman being his mom.

Hizashi: I’m going to have to report this to the police. Preferably Tsukauchi. This has to be a case of neglect.

Shouta: Fuck

Shouta: Fuck

Shouta: He’s missing. I never should never have left him out of my sight on Monday. He just left and now, he’s gone. Fuck where is he?

Shouta: And he was being neglected. Goddamnit I should have known, should have seen the signs.

Hizashi: Shou, this isn’t your fault.

Shouta: But I’ve should have known. I could have helped sooner.

Hizashi: I know, but you told me yourself that the Midoriya was good at hiding things. That he only just began to open up to you. You tried okay Shouta, you tried. And it’s not like you’re going to give up helping him, right?

Shouta: Fuck no

Hizashi: Good, then focus. We have a kid to find.

___________

Izuku felt bad for ignoring his friend’s texts, but he didn’t really know what to say. He knew that once he sent one text that he would be bombarded with so much more and the thought of that made him feel a little queasy. Especially since he had no idea how to explain where he was, which was sitting next to Toga on the couch. Ever since coming to the bar, she spent the most time with him and was the closest (and he meant this in a literal sense as she seemed to pay no regard to physical boundaries and he had to admit he did not mind). Izuku wondered if this is how it felt to have a sister.

But that thought aside, he didn’t know how to explain that he had spent the last few days with the league. The people (well really ‘two’ people) who attacked the class at the beginning. And he didn’t exactly feel like leaving.

He kind of just wanted to stay.

How messed up was that?

So he closed the messaging app, and look back around him. The other day when he woke up it was to a few more pieces of furniture. There was now a coffee table where a few card games have been played. Another couch that Twice kept laying in, only letting Toga be the other person to be on in when he was using it. And a chair that looked big enough to fit two people but in reality, was only meant for one that Dabi seemed to have claimed his own. There was also an ottoman that Spinner liked to sit in and another chair.

Overall Kurogiri had created a comfortable area of seating off to the side even though the man seemed to rarely leave the area behind the counter of the bar.

It was nice so Izuku just leaned back into the cushions and listened. Toga was currently telling him how she wasn’t able to try out the tea and blood idea he had suggested last time.

“He wouldn’t give me a teacup Izuku-kun,” Toga pouted.

Well,” Magne said from her spot on the other couch, “You know how Kurogiri feels about messes and blood in one of his teacups would be messy.”

“I would have cleaned it up!”

Magne raised an eyebrow at which Toga smile and admitted that she probably wouldn’t have.

Izuku thought the situation was amusing. If spending time with Toga these past few days felt like having a sister then he would have to say Magne felt like a big sister. He had seen on several occasions already the older woman reign in Toga when the others couldn’t.

He thought about her strength like when she had picked him up last time. Her strength was nothing to laugh at and he knew that her quirk had a lot of applications too.

Izuku started getting lost in thought when his phone started ringing.

He froze.

No one ever called him except for his mother.

The last thing he wanted to do was talk to her.

It’s been four days and now she was calling. Why?

Echoes of the things she said to him ringed in his ears. Last time she had called she said he would burden someone else. That he caused trouble.

He never meant to cause trouble.

Izuku looked down at his phone and saw that his hands was shaking.

He didn’t want to answer it. The words he heard whenever he answered it were never kind. Just reminders that he wasn’t loved. That he was thought to be an annoyance to his own mother That because he was diagnosed quirkless he wasn’t worth being taken care for. And even when he did get a quirk it changed nothing. Her calls always told him that his ‘getting in trouble’ was his fault. That he never tried to be good.

That all his efforts were all for naught.

___________

When Midoriya’s phone rang everyone saw him freeze. The thoughtful look he had on his face after watching Toga and Magne disappeared. They could see that he was slowly slipping away, probably to bad memories.

“Fuck,” Dabi said from his seat.

“After four days is when she decides to call? Really?” Spinner said.

Toga looked at Midoriya sitting next to her, the boy’s eyes trained on the ringing telephone in his shaking hands, “He’s not picking it up.”

Dabi stood up, “I wouldn’t pick up that shit either, you all remember what she said last time,” and then Dabi grabbed the phone out of Midoriya’s hand. Green eyes blinked and looked more present than before.

Good. With more flourish than he usually had, Dabi made a show of pushing a button and the ringing stopped. “And now for the next step,” Dabi said and then proceeded to press the block option on Inko’s contact.

When he handed the phone to Midoriya he softly said, “I know a shitty parent when I see one, and one of the best things is to just block them so they can’t get to you.”

With that Dabi sat back down and the conversation resumed. Everyone noticed that Midoriya was still there.

__

 

“Midoriya do you perhaps need to wash your clothes to refrain from stealing Shigaraki’s hoodies?” Kurogiri asked when he saw Toga sneaking off to Shigaraki’s room again.

At Midoriya’s guilty expression Dabi laughed and walked up beside the green-haired boy, “You should probably take him to the laundromat Kurogiri, we wouldn’t want Midoriya to get decayed or Toga now would we? Especially considering how messy it can get.”

Kurogiri looked from Dabi to Midoriya and heard the yell that came from Shigaraki in his room. Seemed like Toga slipped up and got caught.

“Yes that sounds reasonable,“ Kurogiri said seemingly unphased by Shigaraki’s yelling and Toga’s laughter that could be heard, “Midoriya please go get your dirty clothes.”

Midoriya did not waste any time in getting his clothes and walking towards Kurogiri, a moment later the man had created a warp gate and signaled for him to go in first. When Midoriya looked back he saw Dabi and Spinner waving goodbye to him.

He gave them a small wave before stepping through the warp gate.

__

A few people sent odd looks at the two individuals using the washing machine at the end.

There was a man seemingly made out of purple mist with yellow glowing eyes pushing the buttons. The clothes he wore seemed out of place considering how clean he looked. Meanwhile, there was a young boy with curly green hair sitting on top of the machine. His legs idly swinging. The boy handed the man a coin without the man having to ask and with one push of a button, the sound of another washing machine joined the others.

When the wash cycle began the boy smiled at the man. No one could tell the expression the man had with a face of mist. He simply looked at the boy with those glowing eyes, turned around and leaned against the machine. The two of them now less than a foot away from each other, waiting for clothes to wash.

This didn’t seem to upset the boy as he kept up the soft smile on his face and kept swinging their legs. He didn’t say anything though.

Both of them seemed to be completely fine with the silence and the sound of washing machines.
Notes:

    Izuku's missing status is finally noticed and several people are worried :( Yamada is about to make a woman go deaf, but alas the law prevents that.

    Dabi did what had to be done, and we applaud him. Anybody else getting big brother vibes? hehe :D

    Also the idea of Shigaraki reacting to Toga like people do with their siblings go in their room without permission is what I had in mind. And I just love the idea of Kurogiri able to have a little break from the others with Izuku just chilling in a laundromat.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 20: Check out the evidence
Summary:

    Security footage

Notes:

    Posted 7/21/21

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Oh I’m back here, Izuku thought when he found that he was in the misty place instead of having a nightmare. There were not phantom pain or echoes of cruel insults. There was no dripping red or flashes accompanied by heat.

Instead there was just a silence or maybe the sound of wind that was very faint. Things were soft and muted. It wasnt too hot or too cold. Overall it was nice in an odd sort of way. And there Izuku was, this time sitting on the ground. A majority of his body still not solid and instead made up of smoke that seemed to swirl and sway.

Izuku looked around and he saw the lights, the 8 figures that he was near. They looked more defined than last time, clearer too. The thought that they were people was supported by their shapes and figures. The woman he had seen last was still the clearest one. The other’s images were a bit fuzzy and not stable. One moment he could make out a certain feature but the next the image became warped and fuzzy. Izuku hoped that soon their images would become more stable. He wondered what they looked like.

It was a few moments that he was just sitting there, watching the lights until the woman turned around and saw him. When she came towards him some of the other figures followed.

“You’re back,” she said in disbelief, “I was worried I wouldn’t see you again.”

He tilted his head in confusion. He still didn’t really understand where he was and who ‘they’ were.

A chuckle came from one of the other figures, one of the larger ones that was red. If Izuku squinted hard enough he could tell that the man had goggles on his head. ”Huh kid’s back. Was sure we’d only see him again after something bad happened. Gotta say this kid has the worst luck ima-”

“We all are already well aware of the ninth’s luck,” another figure, this one a light blue, said.

“Well, maybe it’s getting better. He’s safe now.” a grey figure responded.

A purple figure stepped forward and seemed to gesture with their hand at him. “He is with the league,” they said bluntly.

The grey figure didn’t seem at all perturbed by the statement. Izuku was sure that if he were able to see their face, that it would be one of someone with a ‘so what’ expression. When the grey figure spoke he was sure that they had that look on their face.“I meant what I said, never mind how odd it is. It’s the truth compared to before when he was at the school with the eight. I swear if that man does so-”

Izuku had to admit, he never expected a bunch of different colored staticky figures to be debating over him in an unusual misty palace where he could not speak. It was an odd situation that he hoped he is able to figure out. But for the meantime, he was fine with listening to a strange figures he was seeing as he slept describe the various ways they would injure the ‘eighth’.

Off to the side, one of the figures seemed to shrink at each threat.
__

When Izuku woke up he found himself smiling at how he didn’t see any notifications of missed calls or text messages from his mom. He felt grateful that Dabi had taken the situation into his own hands, it felt good to somewhat cut her off And it was nice for someone to acknowledge that Inko was a shitty parent. Izuku had always heard about how his mother was so sweet to still take care of him after his diagnosis. People kept throwing that at him, even though when he got home she practically ignored him or made him feel trapped in his own ‘home’. But Dabi had easily disregarded her call and told him that cutting off shitty parents was the best thing to do. It sounded like Dabi had spoken from experience and Izuku thought about Todoroki. Izuku may be depressed but he wasn’t stupid, and he could note the obvious similarities and possible connections between the two.

But was he going to do anything about it. No, it wasn’t really his place, but he’d keep it in mind.

He went and looked at his other messages. There was a lot from the class group chat, and a couple that came from a few of his other classmates separately. Actually, all of his other classmates had sent messages to him separately. And that’s when he realized that he missed the departure for the summer training camp.

Shit.

There were a lot of questions asking why he hadn’t shown up. Iida in particular had sent various messages that progressed from telling him that he was going to be late and the last one was letting them know that they had left and were worried about why he never showed up.

Guilt settled on Izuku like a heavy blanket.

He hadn’t meant to miss leaving for the trip, but he couldn’t find himself especially disappointed about it. Going for a week of training with the quirk that had resulted in him having more than enough broken bones and pain didn’t sound very exciting. Of course, the prospect of improving was. But after the week he had, he didn’t feel like he would have the energy or mental capacity to deal with it. With the pressure that would have surely come from All Might, it would have been crushing. The thought of it alone made it feel a bit harder to breathe.

Maybe that’s why he had sort of forgotten about it and now reading those messages didn’t feel like in any particular rush to leave the bar.

The part that made him feel guilty was making the others worried.

But he still didn’t know how to respond to their messages. Especially now that he had missed an important school activity.

Oh no.

What about Aizawa-sensei?

He had slipped away from his teacher on Monday without saying a word and then never went back to school. Unlike his past teachers, Aizawa-sensei cared. Izuku doubted that his teacher was not aware that he had been gone for the past few days. He wondered how long it would take for the man and the other heroes to figure out that he was with the league.

How long until he would have to leave?

How long until he would have to go back?

The last few days have been great. It was such a nice change after the week he had. There were no battle simulations, no pressure coming from his mentor, no disappointed looks from Recovery girl. There were no red eyes glaring at him. Instead, there were red eyes looking at him in curiosity and confusion from Shigaraki.

Also with no classes or training, Izuku was able to just take a break.

He was able to sit quietly and listen to the others talk. He found the various discussions they had interesting and their bickering amusing. He knew that he hadn’t said anything much but they still included him in the conversation at times. And when he got lost in his own mind he found them able to bring him back. It reminded him of how Dark Shadow and Shouji had kept him grounded in silent support. Like with them, he found himself slowly feeling just a little bit better. Willing to talk if someone asked him a simple question. Like Ojiro and Momo during the study sessions they had, they didn’t push him to talk more when he finished.

If he left, who’s to say that he would be able to do that again? What if All Might decided to punish him for the match on Monday? What would Inko do fo-

“Hey Midoriya,” Spinner called out, interrupting Izuku’s thoughts.He quickly snapped up and looked at Spinner.

“Yeah?” He asked, with an expression on his face that didn’t hide how he was not having the best thoughts at the moment.

Spinner looked at him for a moment without saying anything before speaking. “How’s the burn on your shoulder?” Spinner asked with what sounded like genuine concern.

“Oh, it’s fine I guess. Nothing too bad.”

“What about your ribs?”

At this Izuku’s eyes widened a bit. “You knew about that?” he asked looking a bit sheepish.

Spinner snorted. “Yeah, they’re bruised aren’t they.”

Izuku nodded. “They were cracked before but they couldn’t be healed all the way so they’re bruised.”

“Hmmm” Spinner hummed. “Make sure to keep taking the pain meds, I know bruised ribs can really suck. And don’t let Toga hug you too tight again.”

While Toga glared at Spinner, Izuku nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind Spinner, thanks.”

“No prob little dude.”

For a moment Izuku's turmoil of thoughts calmed down again.

_________

Since arriving at the training camp there was no shortage of questions asked about Midoriya from Shouta’s class. Each of them was concerned about why Midoriya was not with them. They asked if Midoriya had told him in advance about him not coming, if he was okay. So it was clear to Shouta that his students did not know that Midoriya had technically been missing since Monday.

When he told them, he was disappointed to see that none of them really had an idea as to where Midoriya might have gone.

__

Despite the news of their missing classmates, his students were doing well in training. If anything the news of Midoriya’s disappearance pushed them. It was not a surprise to see his student with a certain look in their eye. It was sad to see that the excitement that his class had died down. Instead, it was replaced with worry and concern. Irritation when one of the students from 1-B made it a mission to point out that one of their classmates wasn’t there. However, they had quickly apologized once made aware of the situation.

There was a tense atmosphere surrounding class 1-A. Especially around the homeroom teacher of said class. He looked even more intimidating, making it hard for others to approach him. It also seemed to make the students a bit unsettled when they found him glaring at something in the distance. None of his students had even bothered to come up to him to ask a question before they were turning around and steering clear. Eventually, the Wild Wild Pussy Cats took notice and sent one of their members to see what was the reason so many of the students seemed unsettled.

Ragdoll was the one to approach the underground hero. Her appearance completely contradicting Eraserhead's dark apparel.

"What's wrong Eraserhead? You look like someone stepped on your tail. Is something wrong with the training?"

Shouta didn't look over at her when he replied. "No that's not it."

"Well, do tell."

"You know who you were prepared for 20 students but only 18 are here."

"Yes," she nodded.

"Well one of them is no longer in the hero course, expelled due to behavior,“ Shouta said. “But the other one, Midoriya Izuku. He was supposed to be here but he never showed up."

"Oh, do you know why?"

"No. I sent another teacher to his address to see what was the situation and yesterday he told me that Midoriya hadn't been seen by his mother for a few days already."

"A few days? Was he reported missing?"

At this Shouta glared and gave off a heavy aura making Ragdoll take a step back. "No, he wasn't. Along with not being seen for a few days, I found out that his mother was neglecting him. As such she never made a report."

When Ragdoll heard how Shouta described Midoriya's mother her usually wide eyes narrowed. "What happens now for you and this lost kitten?" She asked in a serious voice.

At the change in Ragdoll's demeanor and tone is when Shouta took a look at the hero. The change was a reminder that this usually bright and cheerful group of heroes consisted of powerful and skilled individuals. Each scary in their own right, especially when they worked together to take someone down. Considering the kid he saw with them and how they cared for his students, he knew that a case of mistreatment of a child would garner such a reaction.

He only took another moment looking at Ragdoll before responding. "I'm waiting for some news back from a detective I know. I may have to use your computer."

She waved a gloved hand at him. "That won't be an issue."

___

After Hizashi reported Inko to the detective, she was arrested and questioned about Izuku. The detective started the search right away, not at all hiding his anger at the fact that the boy had been missing for so long without anyone knowing. After his interrogation with Inko, the other officers in the office steered clear of the detective.

One of the things that they were doing was looking at security footage and they managed to find some that showed him entering a store. Tsukauchi had been quick in getting the manager of the store to hand over the footage from their one almost broken camera in the corner. For a moment the detective had worried that there was no footage but in the end he managed to get some. And when he reviewed it, he quickly sent it to Shouta despite the fact he needed to do paperwork before doing so.

So there Shouta was now waiting for his email to load while Mandalay stood a few feet behind him, having been told by Ragdoll the situation. When the email loaded he clicked on the one labeled from the detective. Inside was a video and a line of text stating what time Shouta should go to in the video.

When he brought the cursor to the designated timestamp he pressed play.

On-screen, showed the interior of a convenience store and a second later Shouta saw his student enter.

The image of his student made him grit his teeth. Because there he was, the kid he affectionately called Problem Child all alone when he shouldn't have been. He watched as the boy made his way towards the medicine aisle and Shouta thought of the injuries that weren't fully healed. The kid's bruised ribs, minor burns, bruising around his eye, the cut on his lip. When he should have been home resting he was standing all alone in the store. Shouta hated how the teen's head hung low and he didn't move at all.

Both he and Mandalay held their breath when they saw someone walk up to him. They had dark hair and what looked like scars. Shouta didn't recognize them. Mandalay let out a soft 'what?' when the person started to shove things from the shelf into their pockets and then text someone. Shouta saw how his student still didn't move even in close proximity of the stranger.

Did he know them?

Then Shouta felt himself stop breathing when he saw a familiar purple warp gate appear, only a few feet away from his student. How the stranger grabbed his student's hand and pulled him into the warp gate. Shouta found it odd how gentle the man seemed to be and at the fact that Midoriya was not even reacting.

Then he was gone.

Shouta didn't say anything when he paused the video and let his face fall into his hands. Mandalay was asking questions, but he couldn't bring himself to answer any of them.

That purple warp gate only meant one thing.

The league of villains

The league of villains took Midoriya.

The warp gate was courtesy of Kurogiri and Shouta knew that Shigaraki was most likely on the other side of that warp gate. But who else? Who was the man that he saw in the store? Who else was waiting on the other side of that warp gate? Why did they take Midoriya?

These were the questions he went over in his head.

Along with the question about how easily Midoriya went into the warp gate. How his student didn’t put up a fight or even show any sign that they were aware of what was happening. How the man with the scars had grabbed his student’s hand gently and was careful when they pulled Midoriya towards the warp gate.

Just questions and questions were all Shouta had.

And there was no one who could answer them.
Notes:

    Gotta love the vestiges and their banter in front of a child.

    Also poor Midoirya feeling the guilt of not showing up, but like who can blame him about not feeling super excited to train with a quirk that breaks his bones and just puts so much pressure on him. He needs a break and chilling the LOV seems to be doing that. but lol he knows about Dabi. like come on, the fire, shitty parent, those eyes, and Izuku's brain cells. It was only a matter of time ;p

    Also poor Aizawa, man is simply stressed and now knows Izuku is probably with villains. Big oof. Unfortunately, he does not know that Izuku is doing pretty alright with them.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 21: Take the kid out for a spin
Summary:

    Fun times that are not at training camp.

Notes:

    Posted 7/21/21

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

When it was seen that Midoriya was likely taken by the league of villains one of the first things that Shouta did was make sure the area was secure. He felt a weight lifted when it was seen as secure and there were no signs of villains anywhere. Also Nedzu himself has said it was unlikely there would be an attack considering the extra security measures they took in scheduling the training.

The training camp continued.

Shouta was told to refrain from telling his class that Midoriya was kidnapped by the league. Seeing as his class was full of conniving children that cared a lot about their resident green-haired freckled boy. He wouldn’t put it past them to go on a search for him. Especially once they found out that villains had him.

He didn’t need any more missing children.

So all class 1-A and 1-B knew was that Midoriya Izuku was missing.

____________

Two days after Izuku realized that he had missed the training camp trip Dabi sat down next to him and said, ”Congratulations princess. You’re officially missing.”

He looked at Magne and Spinner sitting on the couch across from them.

Spinner smiled, “Congrats little dude, quite the accomplishment.”

“Yeah,” Magne said. “Not every day you’re pronounced missing.”

“What the fuck is wrong with you guys?” Shigaraki asked while he walked by.

“What’s wrong with you, you dusty bitch?” Dabi sneered.

Izuku saw Shigaraki’s jaw clench while Dabi still had his smile. The green-haired boy knew that both Shigaraki and Dabi did not necessarily get along and Dabi never let an opportunity to mess with the other. So it wasn’t the first time he found himself between the two of them having a standoff.

Luckily Kurogiri always managed to prevent someone from getting decayed. And so when a small warp gate appeared once again, Izuku looked over the back of the couch back at the bar and gave Kurogiri a small nod and smile.

He was happy to see he got a nod in response.

__

The next day when everyone was just laying around, Kurogiri was out getting food. Twice, Toga, and Izuku were on the floor. Spinner and Magne were on the couches. Shigaraki was sitting on the ottoman. Dabi was in his self-proclaimed seat while Mr.Compress was in another seat. Each made no sign that they would be moving anytime soon.

From her spot on the floor next to Izuku, Toga sighed.

“I’m bored.”

“You could always attack class 1-A like Shigaraki did earlier in the year,” Dabi suggested. Although he sounded like he was making fun of Shigaraki if the smile he had told them anything.

Toga huffed and scooted closer to Izuku. “But Izuku-kun is right here.”

“Yes she has a point,” Mr.Compress said from his seat. “I do believe that one young hero is more than enough. Also, I believe the other young heroes would be much more troublesome than Midoriya here.”

“You’re right,” Shigaraki said, not looking up from his game console. “All the other ones looked fucking annoying, including that explosive brat.”

“So attacking class 1-A is out I’m guessing?” Dabi asked.

A resounding ‘yes’ was what he got in response.

Twice sighed from his spot on the floor next to Toga. “I’m bored!”

Izuku couldn’t help laughing at the ridiculousness of the situation. Especially when there was a flurry of movement once Kurogiri returned with the food.

_________

Shigaraki paused when he came across Toga trying to teach Midoriya how to throw a knife. Spinner was also there with them.

All three of them seemed to be a good distance away from the wall and Toga was showing the boy what should be proper form. Toga actually looked quite serious as she showed him. Although she was still smiling and squealed when Izuku managed to make one of the knife’s blades stick in the wall for a second before it fell.

Seemed like he was making improvement.

“Alright my turn!” Spinner took up a stance with a knife as well.

Shigaraki remembered that Spinner was more skilled in fighting with a sword, not knife throwing like Toga. Like Midoriya, Spinner managed to make the blade stick in the wall for a few moment before it fell out.

Both Toga and Midoriya praised him.

Shigaraki took a seat at the bar and continued to watch them. Toga, it turned out was a good teacher when it came to the knives. No surprise there, she was passionate about them and seemed excited to share her knowledge. It probably helped that both Spinner and Midoriya looked like they were genuinely interested. The both of them listened carefully and Midoriya didn’t seem afraid to ask questions.

“Kurogiri,” Shigaraki said, drawing the attention of the man behind the counter. “How many times has she tried to stab them?”

Kurogiri continued his cleaning of a glass. “Only 5 times but both times Spinner and Midoriya managed to evade it. They did not seem bothered by it.”

Of course, they wouldn’t. Tomura remembered how Midoriya had simply asked Toga to not throw knives at him when he was eating the first time he was at the bar. And Spinner always liked Toga’s knives and was good at dodging them.

Over the next hour or so, both ‘students’ of Toga seemed to improve. And when they were done both Toga and Spinner decided to show Midoriya a friendly fight.

The boy’s eyes were bright as he watched Spinner and Toga fight. Toga was quick with trying to come close and slash Spinner with her knives while Spinner used his sword to block and occasionally try his own attack. Kurogiri took care of the stray knives and Midoriya came by the bar to collect them while still watching the fight.

It didn’t take long for Magne and Mr.Compress to come and take a seat at the bar as well while Twice went over to Midoriya to look at Toga’s knives he had. Dabi was the last to join them and just smirked when he saw the fight, neither individuals skilled with blades seemed like they would be stopping soon. It looked like Midoriya was having the time of his life watching.

“Looks like the princess likes watching sword fighting and knives,” Dabi said.

At those words, Midoriya’s bright green eyes turned on him and Dabi felt like he had just made a mistake.

He was sure he did because the next minute he was subject to Midoriya’s analysis on both Spinner’s and Toga’s fighting styles and his questions on what possible utilization of their quirks there could be. Midoriya’s rabble only grew more fervent when he saw that Spinner crawled up the wall to get a knife that had gotten stuck up on the ceiling.

Nobody commented on the red light that was lit on the television.

________

“What exactly are you supposed to be doing right now?” Spinner asked Izuku while he was enjoying a cup of tea.

“Training my quirk. Probably tearing some muscle and breaking a bone or two. Just normal training stuff,” he said before taking another sip of tea. What he said was the truth. That’s what had happened when he trained before and the training camp trip was supposed to push them even further. He was sure that if he had gone he would have already broken a bone (maybe he would try some full cowling later, he still wanted to work on it and it didn’t hurt).

At the silence, Izuku turned to look at Spinner and the others as they had stopped their chit-chat as well. The expressions looking at him reminded Izuku of when he first came to the bar.

“What?” he asked.

Once again Shigaraki muttered ‘What the fuck’, and everyone else agreed.
Notes:

    How could he not be congratulated on his missing status?

    Izuku appreciates Kurogiri's damage control when it comes to Dabi and Shigaraki. Also I love the idea of Toga and Twice joining Izuku on the floor despite the fact that there are quite literally perfectly good seats available all around them.

    Reminder that Spinner's quirk is gecko so he one of the things he can do is crawl on walls. Dabi learns a lot more from Midoriya (do not engage the boy when he has that look in his eye if you do not want to deal with so much information and questions being thrown at you).

    Also Midoriya is not Midoriya if he can't absolutely drop a piece of concerning information that just makes everyone go what the fuck

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 22: Look at it from a different angle
Summary:

    Several people get a different view of Izuku.

Notes:

    Posted 7/24/21

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Over the next week, at the same time of watching over his students and the students of 1-B training, he was updated on the investigation. He received emails and texts from Detective Tsukauchi and Hizashi. Shouta was updated on the investigation by the detective and Hizashi. But by the time that they were returning to UA there was essentially no progress in finding where Izuku was.

___

“I’m sure that Izuku is alive. From the footage I saw, whoever took him did not seem keen on hurting him,” Nedzu said looking at the ever-hunched over Eraserhead who sat in front of him.

“We don’t even know who that was, but I’m sure there is a connection to the league.”

“Yes I saw the warp gate. Do you think it is possible that it is not related?”

Shouta let out a defeated sigh. “I really don’t know Nedzu. I’m just worried at how he’s been missing longer than we’ve been investigating”

“That does open the possibility that we mis-”

Nedzu’s sentence was interrupted by the sound of the door bursting open. When Nedzu and Shouta looked at who was the person who so rudely barged in. A scowl naturally took place on Shouta’s face.

“Nedzu what's this I hear about a missing student, is young Midoriya truly missing?” All Might asked, pointendly avoiding meeting Shouta’s eyes.

“Yes,” Nedzu said. “Midoriya is missing.”

“Well then we must begin searching at once, you know how important it is considering tha the he i-”

Shout’s eyes flashed with the use of his quirk for a moment and he stood up from his seat. “What do you think we’ve been doing? We’ve been trying to figure out where he is for the past week. Where were you then? I thought you were favoring Midoriya because he seemed to have a similar quirk but how did you not know that he was gone?”

All Might seemed to be thrown off by Shouta’s question. “Well you see I was busy and I would have never thought that Mi-”

“That’s the issue.” Shouta said, his tone biting. “You don’t seem to think.”

“But surely I am here now, so I can help.”

“Then tell us Yagi,” Nedzu said. “Where do you think Midoriya is? What ideas do you have on finding him?”

While Nedzu looked at All Might waiting for an answer, none was given.

Nedzu sighed and unclasped his paws. “Seeing as you do not have any useful information regarding Midoriya’s whereabouts and little experience in finding a missing person. I’m afraid you will not be able to help with the investigation.”

“But Nedzu you know about-” Yagi paused and looked over to Shouta and did not continue but sent a meaningful look at the principal.

Shouta glared at the man.

There was a pause of silence before Nedzu responded to All Might. “Yes I do know, but that does nothing to change the importance of Midoriya’s disappearance or how hard we are working to find him. And I am insulted you would insinuate that. No matter who it was or what I knew, I would still do my best in helping find my student. Now leave All Might.”

When Yagi tried to say something else and did not leave a small growl was heard in the office.

“Leave Yagi.”

Nedzu had his fur raised and he was not smiling anymore. Shouta could see claws peeking out of the fur and just the tip of a fang.

That was the image Yagi also saw and he then quickly left without saying another word.

Once alone again, Shouta looked away in the attempt to give Nedzu privacy as he collected himself and did not look back at the principal until they spoke.

“I apologize for that outburst Aizawa, but I assure you I am taking Midoriya’s disappearance as seriously as I would with anyone else,” Nedzu said, fur laid back down and no sharp claws in sight. “You need not worry that I am lacking in my efforts, although I am sad to say I have not been able to find out much. With the circumstances of the transportation using the warp gate and the little information that we have regarding the league, it has been difficult.”

“I understand. I was actually planning to go with Yamada to the Midoriya household to search for possible clues there.”

“I hope the search is fruitful.”

“So do I.”

___

 

Aizawa was silent as he entered the home of his student along with Hizashi. It was empty considering how Izuku’s mother was still in the process of being prosecuted for what she did and didn’t do in regard to her son.

It angered Shouta that his student hadn’t been properly taken care of.

There were signs of it as they saw the lack of family photos or any of the things a mother would usually have displayed if they loved their son. There were no childhood drawings, no memorabilia from school events or competitions. Shouta was sure that with Izuku’s intellect that the boy would have had several of those.

“He would have a pile of those,” Hizashi had said when Shouta mentioned it to him. “The kid is so smart and I can tell how hard he works in school.”

Shouta allowed a small smile to show up on his face. “Yeah he would”-he looked around-“But there’s nothing here to show that.”

Nothing to show that he had been appreciated.

Hizashi frowned at the underground hero’s expression and looked toward a door in the hallway. On it was a normal plaque with the name ‘Izuku’ on it.

“How about we take a look at his room.”

“Alright.”

__

“The little listener really is an expert when it comes to heroes isn’t he Shou?” Hizashi asked as the two of them looked over the different items around his room.

There were of course an All Might Poster and figurine, but that was not all. Because there was merchandise from other heroes. A few that Shouta was surprised that his student had even known about.

“Look Shou he has one of my radios!”

Shouta turned to see Hizashi holding a small handheld radio with a smile. It was an item that had been sold a long time ago but it was clearly taken care of. The thought of his student listening to Hizashi with that old radio made his heart clench. And the feeling only grew when he saw a small piece of art that had to be in reference to him.

It looked like a sketch of the goggles he used as Eraserhead, clearly hand-drawn and old given the date written in the corner. A date that showed before Izuku had ever joined his class. Hizashi came up behind Aizawa as he looked at the drawing. “Aww, you have a fan, and looks like an old one too. I wonder how he knew how those goggles looked like though.”

Shouta snorted. “He’s Izuku, I’m not at all surprised the Problem Child was able to find out.”

“Izuku?” Hizashi asked at the fact that Shouta used his student’s first name.

“It feels uncomfortable to use the family name,” Shouta explained. “Every time I hear it, I think of his mother and it leaves a bad taste in my mouth. And I can’t call him Problem child forever.”

Hizashi seemed to nod in understanding. With that, the two of them continued to look around his room. None of them finding any sign of distress or maybe a struggle. There were also no packed-up clothes and his items were left around as if he had only left a few minutes ago.

Hizashi had found a series of notebooks labeled for heroics and Shouta remembered his student writing diligently in them during class. He told him to bring that and they could look over it with Nedzu. As Hizashi collected a large number of notebooks and left, Shouta looked at the other notebook on Izukus’s desk. It was identical to the others but this one did not have a title.

He opened it.

Inside were simply drawings.

He saw a drawing of teacup and on the other pages he saw drawings that looked like they were done by someone else. Apparently, someone was rather keen on drawing murder scenes, and another drew small designs. He flipped the page.

The next drawing made him pause.

It was a city surrounded by tall grass. The bold and sometimes harsh lines of the city ended to be met with the gentle lines of the grass. For some reason it made his heart hurt in a way. It didn’t help with the feeling in his chest that he’s had since learning his student was missing.

He traced the lines with his finger and he wondered how Izuku felt while looking at the drawing.

__________

Despite being there for more than a week, Izuku had yet to tell the others about what had happened to him. He had yet to explain why he was the way he was when Dabi had brought him to the bar. Even though the others didn’t ask, he could tell that they wanted to know. But it was so hard talking, to address it. Especially with how much that day had hurt him, how deep he got stuck in his own mind.

But as he was there in their company and experienced what felt like silent support. He thought about how he’s actually had fun with them and they had yet to ask him for something in return (he was pretty sure that Shigaraki knew it was pointless to ask him for information against the heroes). It was nice so he decided something.

It was during a lull of silence in the conversation that Izuku finally spoke.

“You know on Monday I really didn’t want to take my finals exams.”

Everyone looked at him but he wasn’t looking at them. He was staring at the ceiling as he was lying on the floor again.

“My mom had come back on Friday so I didn’t sleep all weekend, I couldn’t. And then Monday came with the exams. The written one was easy,”- he brought up a hand towards the ceiling and looked at it- “even though my hands had hurt and every sound put me on edge, I think I did alright.”

Izuku paused and took in a deep breath as if preparing himself.

“But then it was time for the practical. This year they changed it so it was a fight against one of the teachers. I was already anxious but this made it so much worse, I honestly just wanted to throw up,” he laughed mirthlessly.

After he stopped laughing he didn’t say anything.

“Who did you have to fight?” Magne asked.

“All Might.”

Dabi huffed. “They were really okay with sending a first-year to fight All Might, are you kidding?’

Izuku smiled. “Plus ultra and the hero commission leads to things like that. But I wasn’t by myself, I had a teammate.”

“That’s good, right?” Spinner asked but when no one said anything and Izuku had a sort of pained expression on his face. Spinner sighed in defeat. “Not good.”

“Yeah, not good.” Izuku looked at Spinner for a moment before returning his gaze to the ceiling. “My teammate wasn’t really team material, especially with me. Things went south real fast. Instead of coming up with a plan to escape the city and pass because beating All Might in a fight was ridiculous and why he would think he could do that on his own is stupid an-” Izuku cut himself off and brought a hand to rest across his face. “Anyways, as I was saying. Instead of doing that he basically attacked me. That’s why I was so injured. When he stopped and went for all Might by himself, I escaped through the sewers and passed the exam by passing out of the exit. Even as All Might yelled at me to come and rescue my partner.”

.
.
.

“That’s fucked up,“ Shigaraki said.

Izuku laughed. “It is, but like I said before, I’m used to fucked up things happening to me. The next one was how I couldn’t even be healed all the way because I didn’t have enough energy. Makes sense, considering I hadn’t slept for three days.”

“But shouldn’t have All Might done something?” Spinner asked.

Whatever amused expression Izuku had on his face disappeared. “Yeah, he should have. But he was the one who set up the match. Even though I wasn’t ever supposed to have to work with that other student again after what happened the Monday before that.”

Toga leaned over him as she was on the floor with him. “That was after you had to leave. What happened?”

“Sparring match, I couldn’t fight, could barely stand on my own two feet. And he just kept coming at me with those damned explosions and I”- A bright flash crossed in his mind and he tensed up- “I couldn’t breathe. I kept trying but I couldn’t bre-”

Izuku stopped and saw that Toga was touching his arm. The smell of smoke disappeared. He saw her gently smile at him.

“So this kid that already hurt you and wasn’t supposed to be paired up with you again was paired up with you again to fight All Might, by All Might?” Dabi asked in disbelief from his seat. He had a sour look on his face.

“Pretty much yeah.”

“That’s fucked up,” Twice said, repeating what Shigaraki had already said before.

Izuku shrugged, not bothering to say anymore. They were right after all.

“If you had just let me kill the bastard at USJ,” Shigaraki muttered to himself. But in the silence that followed, red eyes looked up and found that everyone was looking at him. “What?”

“Nothing,” Izuku said with the hint of a sly smile. “I’m just flattered you thought of me while reminiscing when you tried to kill me and my classmates.”

At those words, Shigaraki sputtered and the others laughed.

Izuku did too.

__________

“Figures after we let him go after kidnapping him that he gets hurt on two separate occasions courtesy of that hero school,” Dabi said while taking a drink.

Spinner sat beside him and hummed in agreement, “Who do you think was the kid he was talking about? I noticed that he never mentioned their name.”

“The kid’s smart,” Dabi looked at him. “I don’t know if he was just being cautious about revealing information or maybe even trying to protect the kid that hurt him by not telling us his name.”

“But why try to protect the person who hurts you, especially someone that did it twice?”

“Probably because he’s trying to become a hero,” another voice said.

Dabi and Spinner turned around at the bar and saw Magne, Compress, and Shigaraki walking towards them.

“The little dude is even nice to us, so what makes you think he’d try to get one of his classmates hurt or possibly endanger them,” she said.

“Well,” Sako said, taking up a seat next to Dabi. “Revenge is always an option.”

“Tch.”

Everyone looked at Shigaraki who was sneering. “Revenge,” he said as if the word were funny. “I almost killed him at USJ and he laughed when I brought it up. Don’t you remember how he said ‘hi’ when we kidnapped him last time? The damn kid isn’t the type to do revenge, no matter how stupid that is.”

Dabi smiled while taking a sip of his drink. “For once, crusty bitch over here isn’t wrong.”

And he laughed when Shigaraki leapt forward and he dodged the hand by backing into Sako, the magician amused at the action and did nothing to push Dabi off of him.

“Oh come on, I was complimenting you,” he said, but Shigaraki only scowled at the amused face looking back at him.

_________

In a dark room, attached to various machinery, there sat a man. He listened to what was being said in the bar with interest.

Many things had been very interesting in that bar as of late.

Midoriya Izuku.

Not long ago, Shigaraki kidnapped the boy for information and what seemed like the chance to let off some steam by fighting. But when the boy had been warped he had thrown off all members of the league and he, All for One, had leaned forward in interest.

He continued to be interested as the boy easily avoided giving up important information that would have helped the league's pursuit in taking down All Might. But then he had gone and criticized the hero and AFO could tell that the boy had not been lying.

Especially when Midoriya had stated he would not become the next symbol of peace.

All for one has learned many things throughout the many years he has been alive. He learned how to tell when someone was lying.

Midoriya Izuku was not.

He knew that the child was indeed All Might’s successor, that to him was clear as day. But what was also clear was the child’s unhappiness and exhaustion. Even so, the child had left to go back to the hero school, still determined to be a hero. Only to return back to the bar in a state that would have made him look like his mind had been plucked out of his body. And when his mind returned, the boy had not attacked or been defensive, only confused and again tired.

Just what was going on with the ninth holder of his brother’s quirk, he thought.

It was perplexing as All for One continued to keep an eye on the situation. The way the boy interacted with the members of the organization that Shigaraki was supposed to lead made him question what was going on inside the boy’s head. Like before, he didn’t shy away from being close or friendly. It was not anything how he was expecting the successor that All Might chose to behave.

If anything All for One had been expecting a naive child who was brash and foolhardy like All Might.

But Midoriya was none of that from what AFO could tell. If anything Midoriya seemed too aware of hardships and cruelty, but somehow remained kind. He thought about how smart the boy was from the bits of analysis he had heard. The only foolhardiness he could see was how the boy stayed in the bar when all logic said that someone who was trying to be a hero should distance themselves from villains.

Yes, Midoriya was the ninth holder of his brother's quirk. A quirk he had hoped he would soon have returned to him. But as he listened to the league’s musings and watched the tired child, he found himself not yet taking action.

Instead, he would wait and see what else he would possibly learn.
Notes:

    Nedzu mad ₍ᐢ•ﻌ•ᐢ₎ , and rightfully so considering All MIght suggested that Nedzu was not doing his all to find his missing student. Even if Midori ya did not One for All he would still be looking for his student. Also, Yes All Might is truly oblivious in this fic considering he didn't notice his damn successor missing for so long. we do not stan.

    I like the idea that Present Mic themed small radios were sold, like that would be so cute. I feel bad about stressing Aizawa out ^_^;

    Also Izuku is smart enough to not name names. He knows giving the names of his fellow student (and bully) would not be the best idea, especially considering how violence inclined his current company is. (Of course the lov is smart enough to possibly figure it out, considering the info he let slip out 😏👀)

    Izuku lays on the floor should be a tag tbh, I love laying on the floor.

    And heyyy ya'll finally get an insider look on the thinking of All for One and what his take on the whole situation is, well at least a small part of it >:) He knows Izuku wasn't lying when he said he was not going to be the next symbol of peace and he's clearly different from All Might. What does it all mean 0.0? Let me know your thoughts!

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 23: Villains don't just get confused by teens, they do other things too
Summary:

    Shigaraki sorts out his thoughts and then lets Spinner deal with two dumb assholes.

Notes:

    Posted 7/29/21

    note: In this fic Spinner does not have that huge ass sword made up of a bunch of knives. He has katanas like Stain did.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Hey crusty dusty, you know who Midoriya might have been talking about? The kid who hurt him?” Dabi asked from his spot hanging off the back of the couch Shigaraki was sitting in.

Shigaraki thought of Midoriya talking about explosions and the kids he saw at USJ and the sports festival (honestly broadcasting the names and quirks of future heroes: not smart). He remembered the blonde boy who yelled too much and let off explosions in his hands.

“Yeah, I have an idea.” He said because it was pretty obvious.

“Tell us who it is.”

At those words, Toga and Twice popped up next to Dabi hanging off the back of the couch. They looked at Shigaraki with what looked like hopeful eyes (How jin managed to do that with his mask was a mystery).

Shigaraki looked at them and smiled a smug smile that instantly made Dabi scowl, Toga whine, and Twice let himself fall off the couch. They knew that Shigaraki would not tell them.

“Figure it out yourself.”

___

Of course, it did not take long for the league to come to the conclusion that the boy Midoriya had spoken about was none other than Bakugou Katsuki.

Although Shigaraki still refused to confirm or deny their findings.

“Smug bastard,” Dabi muttered.

____________

After telling the others about what had happened Izuku felt slightly better. Of course, one conversation was not going to fix everything that he has been struggling for years but it felt nice. Although he had to ask Toga to not go and kill the classmate that had hurt him (he wasn’t surprised that they had been able to figure out who it was, maybe a small part wanted someone to be mad at Bakugou like he was). As much as he was hurt by Bakugou and did not like him, he didn’t want the boy dead. Punished, yes. Dead, no.

Toga was still trying to convince him to let her stab Bakugou when he was suddenly he was being pulled away by Twice.

“Wha-”

“Shush, don’t move. I’ll kill you,” Twice said while he made Izuku stand still and suddenly have his arms spread out. Then he used the tape measure that was on both of his wrists and started to measure Izuku.

Toga bounded nearby but did not stop Twice. “Oo are you going to make a copy of Izuku-kun, can we have two Izuku-kuns?”

“No, no I’m not doing that,” Twice said while concentrating on noting the numbers. “Just getting his measurements. Kurogiri and Compress asked for them.”

“My measurements?” Izuku asked.

Then Izuku saw Shigaraki come up. “Probably will get you some clothes,” Shigaraki said. “You can’t keep stealing my hoodies and now with you missing, you can’t go to the laundromat and Kurogiri can’t go washing the same clothes every time you run out.”

“I hadn’t thought of that,” Izuku said while watching Twice at work. The man was very efficient in taking his measurements and Izuku could only feel slight brushes from Twice’s fingers. “Will I look like you Shigaraki?”

At this Shigaraki laughed. “No, That misty bastard couldn’t get me into one of his vests if he tried. And he’s tried.”

Izuku smiled and then he startled slightly when Twice announced he was done and ran off to deliver the numbers to Kurogiri. Both Izuku and Shigaraki watched as the man left while Toga ran after him.

“You do know that he could create a copy of you now,” Shigaraki said, reminding him that Midoriya should be cautious around them.

Izuku looked at Shigaraki and shrugged. “Don’t see why you would want two of me though. Nothing useful would come from having another me around.”

Shigaraki frowned. “Why do you do that?” he asked looking at Midoriya closely.

“Do what?”

He saw as Shigaraki seemed to scowl in frustration before answering. “I don’t get it. I still don’t get it and you’ve been here for a while already. You say all these confusing things, you’re nice to me, but then you say things like that.”

Izuku tilted his head. “You’re confused that I’m nice to you? Other than USJ you’ve been nice to me,” he reasoned as if USJ was just a small thing and Shigaraki was not a villain who kidnapped him and wanted to kill All Might (though there were of course other villains who wanted to kill All Might so Shigaraki wasn’t exactly special).

But his answer didn’t seem to make anything better as Shigaraki huffed and raised his hand in the air before gesturing them to him. “See that, that right there! I mentioned USJ the other day and you joked about it and I kidnapped you, that isn’t nice. I don’t get it. You said all these things last time and then you’re back and you’re silent and when you do talk you told us about something shitty that happened but instead of angry you just seemed sad.

“Don’t you want to kill All Might and hurt that kid that hurt you?” Shigaraki asked.

“No. I don’t want to do that,” Izuku said with an almost sad sort of look at how frustrated Shigaraki seemed to be. “I may not like them, but I don’t want them dead. I don’t want to hurt them. I don’t really like hurting people. I want to help people. That’s why I’ve always wanted to be a hero. To help people. I know how important it is to have help.”

“But no one helped you.”

“I know, well no one did for a long time.” Izuku thought about his classmates and Aizawa sensei. He even thought about the league and how in a way they’ve helped him a little bit. “But I’ve gotten some help.”

“Clearly not enough, you’re here with me aren’t you,” Shigaraki said.

At this Izuku smiled which made Shigaraki pause, “Yeah, I am.”

_________

After Tomura spoke to Midoriya he had retreated to his room. He wanted to be alone to think.

Midoriya Izuku confused him.

The kid was here with them and had been nothing but nice. He would say all sorts of things that kept making Tomura feel odd. He had felt a little concerned when the boy had not spoken for a long time. He had felt anger listening to Midoriya's story about what happened to him at UA. He felt amused at how Kurogiri was going to get Midoriya clothes, likely something more than just the hoodies that he wore. He felt frustrated when Midoriya made that comment about no good coming out of there being two Izuku’s. The way he had said it made it sound like he was saying that there wasn’t any good in one Izuku being there.

This kid was so nice to them, friendly. But then he went and said those sorts of things like that when it came to him.

It reminded Tomura of how Midoriya seemed to be toeing the line of things that could have gotten him killed when he first kidnapped him.

But again Tomura shouldn’t care, he shouldn’t have gotten so frustrated and asked. Except he did. And it only left him more confused with his own thoughts and feelings.

Maybe it was time to admit that he sort of liked the hero brat. During the time that Midoriya had been there, he hadn’t felt the urge to decay him and he found himself wondering how he was feeling on separate occasions. It seemed that the others were in the same boat. Tomura had noticed how Toga and Dabi were quick to treat Izuku almost as if he were their little brother. Magne was starting to treat him like she treated Toga. Twice didn’t avoid Midoriya. He had seen Spinner talking and hanging out with him a couple of times already. Then there was Compress and Kurogiri who, and Tomura really couldn’t describe it in any other way, acted almost parental with him. They were even going to get the kid clothes for god’s sake.

And there was another thing.

Not once had Sensei told him that he needed to get rid of Midoriya or at all seemed upset at the fact that they had a hero student in their villain base.

Just what did Sensei think?

__

 

While Tomura was thinking there was knock at his door, “Shigaraki, we got a situation,” came Magne’s voice through the door.

He got up and opened it, “Explain.”

“Some assholes in the bar deciding to start shit.”

“Where’s Midoriya?”

“Toga took him to the other room, no one spotted him,” She said in an almost reassuring tone.

(Maybe he did care a little bit.)

“Alright, let’s go deal with them.”

With that Tomura walked with Magne towards the bar and he could hear some yelling and when he finally walked in he saw that Spinner had one of his swords out and did not look happy.

“Ah well if it isn’t the big boss, came out to join your group of lackey’s” sneered one of the ‘assholes’ Magne must have been talking about. Tomura didn’t pay them a glance before asking Spinner what was going on.

“They came in here asking about you and the group. Then they started insulting us and talking a big game. When we ignored them the one on the right,” Spinner motioned to the other ‘asshole’ who hadn’t yet spoken and seemed to have needle-like things sticking out of their skin. “He shot some of those things at me and Dabi. We told them to leave but they won’t.”

Toumura hummed and looked over to Dabi who looked vaguely annoyed.

“Give me the word and I’ll burn their asses Boss,” Dabi said, clearly sarcastic when he said ‘boss’. The flame user only seemed annoyed by the two newcomers.

Toumura didn’t reply and he looked over the two ‘assholes’. The one with the needles was eyeing him and the other who originally spoke was looking at him in a way that made Tomura’s fingers twitch. But the thought of wasting firepower or even decaying them was annoying. They weren’t worth it.

“No, the ash and smell will be more of an annoyance than them still being here. Spinner can take care of it, less of a mess,” he said.

At this, Dabi shrugged and moved out of Spinner’s way, the scaled man adjusted his grip on his sword and smiled. The asshole who spoke earlier scowled, “I’ll show you an annoyance,” and Tomura saw the man’s hands change color and turn black as he charged.

He didn’t have to move though, as Spinner stepped in his way and hit the man in the stomach with the butt of his sword. Then he used the man as a shield for when needles were sent his way from the other. As needles went into asshole #1’s back, Spinner grabbed one of the knives on him and threw it at asshole #2.

Asshole #2 yelled in pain when the knife embedded itself in his arm.

“Dabi can you get the door?” Spinner asked, not at all bothered by the yelling from both assholes who were currently in pain. Apparently, those needles were more than just sharp it seemed considering how loud the man was screaming (much more than if it was just sharp).

Dabi smiled as he walked around them and opened the door in a flourish before looking back at Spinner with an almost expectant look.

A second later Spinner threw Asshole #1 out of the door with ease and starting walking towards asshole #2 who looked pissed.

“I’m going to fucking kill you,” they yelled as they started to rush at Spinner with their hands open, needles coming out of them.

The man screamed as Spinner swung his sword and broke off the needles that were going to be used to stab him.

Spinner winced, “Too loud,” he said as he grabbed the man’s shirt who was clutching his hand and then threw them out of the door too.

Dabi closed it a second later.

“See,” Tomura said. “Less messy.” When he looked at Spinner he sent him a small nod.

Spinner smiled and put his sword away, “No problem Boss.”

__

 

When Midoriya and Toga came back out Midoriya just asked what happened.

“Just Spinner taking out some trash,” Magne said.

Midoriya looked over to Spinner. “Cool, did you use your sword?”

Spinner nodded, the man smiling as he was rather proud of his sword, having decided to use the same weapon as Stain.

As Midoriya made his way to go sit at the bar he looked down when he stepped on something. He leaned down and picked up one of the needles that Spinner had broken off of asshole #2.

“Oh that’s one of the quirks of the trash Spinner took out,” Dabi said

At this Midoriya seemed to light up and he looked excited. It seemed to be the most lively they had seen him in a while. The boy’s head whipped around to Dabi.

“Can you tell me about their quirk? Where did the needles come from? Was it coming out of their body? Could they shoot it out or was it used more like a knife that stayed attached to them? How did this get on the floor? Did you get hit by one of these? Where there different types of needles or just this one? Do you thi-”

“Woah, Woah little dude,” Spinner said, getting up and walking towards Midoriya who’s eyes looked bright. “Calm down there before you run out of air. I can tell you about the guy’s quirk cause it looked like Dabi is rebooting.”

It was funny seeing Midoriya blink and look over to Dabi who had wide eyes and was just looking at Midoriya oddly (probably a flashback to his analysis of the fight between Spinner and Toga).

“Oh sorry about that, I just think quirks are cool.”

Spinner let out a huff of air in amusement. “Yeah, I can see that. But don’t worry I’ll answer your questions, just slow down alright.?”

“Alright.”

As Spinner led Midoriya to sit so he could answer Midoriya’s questions and listen to what was most likely going to be a ramble of information Magne went over to Dabi.

“Do you think we should go and see if the guy is still outside and can answer Midoriya’s questions?” She asked amused.

Dabi snorted, having finally come back to his senses. “I don’t know. I think the kid will scare him off with all the questions he’ll ask. Then we won’t have to worry about him coming back again.”

____

When Kurogiri and Compress came back with clothes, it was to see the others sitting on the couches while Spinner seemed to be in an engaging conversation with Midoriya. The boy was gesturing widely while holding something sharp in his hands and Spinner seemed to be a bit wary of him.

Compress leaned towards Kurogiri. “I wonder what mischief they were up to while we were gone.”

“I’d rather not.”
Notes:

    Of course, Shigaraki would tell them to figure it out themselves.

    Izuku...please love yourself. People are concerned.

    Shigaraki admitting to himself that he sort of likes Izuku...more likely than you think :p I mean come on dude, you haven't decayed him or anything so it was obvious.

    Also I like Shigaraki letting the other members handle situations. Like they are skilled too, let them have some fun ;)

    Midoriya's analysis is a sight to see, especially if he has a weapon in his hand and does not seem aware of the fact that he's waving it around.

    Kurogiri and Compress are like the fathers that left their children alone for too long.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 24: Kurogiri has nice taste in clothes
Summary:

    New clothes and talks.

Notes:

    Posted 8/9/21

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Kurogiri stared at the vast option of gloves on the wall.

A rainbow of colors stood before him and he didn’t know which one to choose. He had already gotten several pairs of artist gloves for Shigaraki. The young man had a tendency to accidentally decay them when he wasn’t watchful of them after he took them off. Kurogiri was looking forward to Shigaraki not having to deal with the pain after he had one finger lifted for too long. But now he had another young man to think about.

Midoriya Izuku.

Kurogiri had listened when Midoriya explained the pain he would have. Heat helped but the thought of gloves was brought to mind, he hadn’t seen the boy wear any. Specifically, these were gloves designed to help individuals dealing with pain in their hands from past injuries. And with the task of getting him clothes, he thought of bringing gloves. It would be no issue and it would calm the feeling of concern he felt when he saw Midoriya wince in pain.

“You do know that you can get more than one,” Sako said as he came to stand beside Kurogiri. “It would be good for the little hero to have an array of options and colors. Especially since it opens the opportunity for different looks.”

Kurogiri hummed. “You are correct.” He then proceeded to buy several pairs in different colors. Red (at the request from Sako), green (a dark green that Kurogiri thought suited Midoriya), black, dark purple, white, and a few more.

__

 

Both Sako and Kurogiri were pleased by the smile on the boy’s face when they gave him the bags with some clothes and gloves. It would be nice to see Midoriya in something other than hoodies.

After Midoriya had put away the bag of clothes he had gone through the gloves and put a pair on.

“Do you like them?” Kurogiri asked. Midoriya looked up and back at his hands. Kurogiri hoped that it was helping with the pain.

“Our dear bartender got you a few in different colors too if you’d like to go with something than just simple black,” Sako said.

Midoriya nodded his head. “I like them.” And he smiled brightly at the two men.

“I’m pleased to hear that,” Kurogiri said. “And the clothes?”

Midoriya glanced over to the bag of clothes. “They all looked nice. Except I don’t know when I’ll wear the button-up with slacks though.”

“It’s good to be prepared, also every young man should have a good button-up and slacks ready to wear.” Kurogiri easily responded.

“Absolutely!” Sako said and Midoriya could only nod along.

_________

When Izuku first wore something else other than a hoodie it was some black pants with a dark blue sweater, he was also wearing black gloves. Toga leaped at him and twirled him around saying how cute he looked until Magne stopped her. She then led him to the booth where they were sitting. After a while, Shigaraki sat next to him and looked at Izuku’s hands.

“Nice gloves.”

“You too,” Izuku said back eyeing the artist pair the man had on. “Helps with your quirk, right?”

“Yeah and lets me not get a cramp in my hand so often.” Shigaraki said.

Magne raised an eyebrow when she heard this, “You both could do some hand massages to help with pain. Just use your other hand and then vice a versa. Should help.”

Izuku smiled and leaned forward. “Can you teach us?” he asked (he already knew about hand massages but liked the idea of Magne teaching him and Shigaraki one to do.).

Izuku didn’t see how Shigaraki seemed a little surprised to be included (but Magne did and smiled at the man). “Yeah, just follow along with me.”

The next few minutes Magne showed both Shigaraki and Izuku ways to massage their own hands to help with the pain. Toga also followed along but eventually left when Dabi had came up to their booth to watch and then left since Shigaraki was glaring at him so hard.

When they were done Izuku quickly turned to look at Shigaraki who was still sitting next to him. “You get pain because of usually always having one of the fingers lifted right? Is the pinky the one that causes the least amount of pain? Do your hands ever get stuck in a position? You’re going to continue the massage right? Hey do y-”

Izuku’s exciting attack of questions was stopped by Shigaraki placing a gloved hand on Izuku’s face cutting him off. Shigaraki sighed. “You ask so many questions.”

“Are you going to answer them?” Izuku asked from underneath Shigaraki’s hand. Seemingly unbothered by Shigaraki’s hand placement.

Shigaraki just looked at Izuku dumbly before responding. “Sure.”

It was an odd sight to see Izuku smile while he had Shigaraki’s hand on his face.

_________

“Where are you guys going?” Izuku asked as the others except Mr.Compress seemed to be leaving the bar. All of them were completely dressed ready for a fight. Shigaraki even had all the hands-on him.

“League business Princess,” Dabi said.

“Don’t worry, we’ll be back Izuku-kun.”

The others said things along the same line before walking out the door. The last one out was Shigaraki who looked back. Izuku couldn’t see the red eyes as they were hidden by the man’s hair and the hand.

“Compress keep an eye on him,” Shigaraki said. Then he walked out the door.

With that Izuku was left alone. It felt a bit odd for the bar to be so empty with just two people inside of it.

“So little hero, what would you like to do?” Sako asked ruffling Izuku’s hair. Izuku looked away from the door that everyone went out of and looked back at Sako who didn’t have anything covering his face. His brown hair was much neater than Izuku’s messy curls.

“Got any magic tricks?”

_________

Usually whenever they were doing whatever they needed to do it was silent. The only sound would be them walking on the dimly lit sidewalk to whatever destination they had in mind. But this time it was different as Toga happily chatted away with Twice. And Spinner, well he asked the question that everyone else had on their minds.

“How long do you think the little guy is gonna stay?” Spinner asked.

“Well,”-Dabi looked at Spinner and then up at the dark sky-“considering that we technically kidnapped, it’s not up to him.”

Spinner frowned. “But he hasn’t exactly asked to leave or said anything like he did last time. Maybe he doesn’t want to leave.”

“You think he likes staying with us?” Dabi asked, sending an odd look at the scaled man.

“Doesn’t it look like he does?” Spinner turned to Magne. “Don’t you think so too Magne?”

The woman readjusted the magnet on her shoulder before responding. “I think he does,” she said. “He doesn’t even shy away from Shigaraki.”

Everyone looked over to Shigaraki who was walking besides Kurogiri. The two of them had yet to speak during the walk.

“What?” Shigaraki asked.

“What do you think about Midoriya?” Spinner asked. “ We kidnapped him but he hasn’t asked to leave and you haven’t even asked a question to get any information.”

Shigaraki didn’t react and just kept walking. “He won’t give us any information.”

“Yeah, so what other reason is he staying with us other than not having asked to leave?”

“I don’t know,” Shigaraki said before scratching his head. “He’s confusing.”

Dabi huffed, “That’s putting it lightly. What has your sensei said?”

“He hasn’t said anything.”

“Meaning he doesn’t have an issue with it?” Magne asked. Everyone else seemed surprised but were waiting for a response.

Shigaraki shrugged. “Looks that way.”

“Then I guess he’s staying,” Spinner said as if he was talking about a stray dog or possible new piece of furniture rather than a human being. He said it like it was the simplest thing in the world. And no one else seemed to disagree with him.

Then their walk turned back to how it usually was, silent.

Of course, that was broken when Spinner spoke again.

“He’s really nice to us ya know.” he absentmindedly said, as if the others were unaware of this very obvious fact.

“We know,” Magne said.

“I like him,” Spinner said. “ And I have a feeling you guys do too.”

Toga jumped and settled herself to walk closer to Magne.“I like Izuku-kun!”

Magne looked down at Toga and smiled, “He’s a fun little guy.”

Twice came up to walk on the other side of Magne. He touched Magne’s magnet before sharing his own opinion. “I like him. He’s annoying.”

The four of them turned around to look at Shigaraki, Kurogiri, and Dabi when they didn’t answer.

“Well,” Magne said. “We already know Kurogiri likes the kid, there’s no denying it. He and Sako are like freaking dads. Dabi you treat him like he’s your little brother. And Shigaraki I think you like him too seeing as you haven’t threatened to decay him and you actually let him watch you play video games a couple of times.”

The three individuals that got called out looked at Magne in a sort of shock and she laughed turning around. Twice walked in front of them and enthusiastically said “Big Sis Mags knows all!”

After that Dabi let out a huff of air in amusement and nudged Shigaraki who he was walking next to. “We’ve been called out dusty.”

“Shut up.”

“I don’t hear a denial.”

When Shigaraki reached out a hand towards Dabi, Kurogiri opened a warp so Shigaraki did not decay the flame user. Dabi smiled before walking up ahead and not stopping Toga as she looped an arm with him.

___

 

Their group continued to run the errands they needed to do. None of them at all thinking about the green-haired boy they had left at the bar (that was a lie).

They could not deny that they had enjoyed the kid’s company. That his presence barely hadn’t shifted their group dynamic in a way that would make them uneasy or upset. Instead, Midoriya seemed to fit in easily with them. It was odd, at first they were just confused and oddly concerned but now there was a feeling of fondness along with it. Because of course Midoriya was still confusing and the things he did and said were concerning.

They thought about how he was silent for so long, how his mind would drift away so easily, how it was clear that he didn’t always sleep despite laying comfortably on the couch.

But with that, they also thought about how the kid interacted with them. How they had seen more smiles come from him directed at them than they were ever used to. They were used to suspicious looks, disgusted looks, the faces of people that wanted to be anywhere except near them. But here was this hero student who eagerly sat next to them and looked interested in what they had to say.

They had noticed how Midoriya had not shied away from Dabi with his scars and fire. How he did not seem bothered by Toga continuing to try to get him with her knives or her talking about blood. Midoriya had not even seemed concerned with Jin’s contradicting statements and threats. He hadn’t tried to stay away from the man and instead took those things in stride whenever he spoke to Twice, never letting it derail the conversation that they were having. They even noticed the damned necklace that Midoriya wore and would often bring up a hand to mess with the marble that Sako had given him. Magne had noticed how not once did Midoriya misgender her or make disgusting comments. She distinctively remembered when she had picked him and all he seemed to be was in awe of her quirk and strength and not in a way that was saying that she shouldn’t be strong but just in awe.

There were many times that Midoriya seemed to be in awe, eyes lit up in curiosity and they could tell he wanted to ask so many questions. There were already a few times where he didn’t hesitate to do so.

It was nice.

That’s how they would have to describe having Midoriya spend time with them.

And from the look of it, it was nice for Midoriya too.

__________

Later after showing Midoriya another card trick, Sako looked at the necklace hanging around the boy’s neck. The marble he had given him for entertainment seemed perfectly natural resting against Midoriya’s chest. When he had given it he had not thought the boy would have kept it. Much less turn it into jewelry and wear it.

“Why do you wear it?” Sako asked, letting his curiosity get the better of him.

Midoriya looked away from shuffling the deck of cards and up at Sako. “Huh?”

“The marble,” he pointed at it and Midoriya looked down.

“Oh, well because I like it.”

“You like it?”

The boy smiled at him and took the necklace off, letting the marble hang in the air between them.

“Isn’t it pretty? It really is a nice marble and the color is nice, kind of reminds me of Dabi’s eyes too."

“You calling me pretty princess?” A voice said and they turned to see Dabi who had walked back into the bar followed by the others.

“Wow beauty really is in the eye of the beholder,” Spinner said, making Sako and Midoriya laugh. And they laughed some more when Dabi tried to punch Spinner but the man easily blocked it, grinning at Dabi.

While they watched Spinner and Dabi fight, Sako leaned closer to Midoriya who had put the necklace back on.

“Would you like to know what is in that marble?”

Midoriya smiled at him, “Will you tell me?”

Sako smiled and leaned down to Midoriya’s ear as the others were listening. Midoriya got the memo and listened closely when Sako whispered to him. When Sako leaned back he was pleased by the smile on Midoriya’s face. Sako reached out a hand to ruffle the boy’s hair once again. He could see it was becoming a habit.

NO matter how much everyone asked Midoriya did not reveal to them what Sako had whispered in his ear.
Notes:

    I know Kurogiri has to keep buying more artists gloves with how bad Shigaraki is at keeping track of them. Also Sako totally wanted Izuku to have a red gloves like him.

    The clothes that they got consists of some formal dressy stuff(like how could Kurogiri not include them). But also some nice casual stuff like comfortable pants, shirts, sweaters, a jacket or two. And some other stuff too.

    Magne totally looked up hand massage stuff after seeing Shigaraki kept having a finger up (I totally believe that Shigaraki deals with some hand cramps from having to have one finger lifted almost all the time) and Izuku's pain. And even though Izuku probably already knows them he's completely on board with having Magne teach him and Shigaraki together.

    I stan Magne calling the others out and Spinner talking about what everyone was thinking.

    And yay! Sako finally asked about the necklace which Izuku has no issues saying that he liked and think is pretty(cause it is).

    And I have fun with them messing with each other. Usually, Dabi messes with Shigaraki, and Spinner messes with Dabi.

    Also, what are your ideas about what is in the marble? I of course know but you, my poor readers do not ;)

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 25: None of them are qualified babysitters...except Kurogiri
Summary:

    Moments when they had to leave and one of them stayed with the green child.

Notes:

    Posted: 8/22/21

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Being left alone with one of the members of the league became normal, as the others had to leave to run ‘errands’. They, of course, spared Izuku the details (which he appreciated).

When left with Mr.Compress he got to learn new magic tricks and card tricks. It was nice how the man was slowly trying to show him sleight of hand. It was entertaining, to say the least.

The times he was left with Magne were calm and they talked about an array of topics, Izuku’s favorite topic was when she told him about how she had gotten her giant magnet. Apparently, it involved an odd array of details like a cat, two and a half bottles of vodka, an arm-wrestling competition, and surprisingly singing. The story of how she got her current shades was a similar situation. When Izuku asked if Magne was joking with him, all she did was ruffle his hair and smile.

When left with Toga and Twice she showed him knife throwing again, and he could feel himself improving. Oddly he was getting the hang of it quite easily which Toga was proud to say was because of her. Though, Izuku couldn’t help but notice what felt like faint whispers when he threw a knife. But that could have been just Twice literally whispering him tips that had nothing to do with throwing knives.

Then there was one time where he was left alone with Spinner and Dabi.

That didn’t happen again when Kurogiri returned to find several pieces of furniture still smoking.

__

Being left with Kurogiri was quiet but nice.

Usually, when the others came back they found Izuku drinking tea and behind the counter. There were some times where they saw Izuku behind the counter. On those days they stared a bit more at Izuku.

Later that night Magne would tell him about how none of them were ever allowed behind the counter.

“Really? None of you?” Izuku asked.

“Yeah. Even during fights, if anyone tried to go behind the bar he would open a warp and just drop us back out here,” she explained. Just as she finished and the two of them were just looking at the bar they saw Twice run and jump, as if to dive behind the bar. Then just as Magne explained, a warp gate opened up and the next thing they saw was Twice diving into the couch.

The next time Izuku found himself behind the bar, he felt a bit more giddy than usual. He had to hold back from laughing when he saw the bug-eyed stares from the others. He knew why they were looking at him like that.

It was because he was dressed up in black slacks, a white button-down, and a vest. The marble necklace he had was proudly in view.

Before the others left, he could hear Shigaraki mutter, “Mini Kurogiri” and Twice joke to Toga about Kurogiri officially being a dad.

Izuku just smiled and continued to do so every time he saw purple wisps reach out to him whenever he walked by.

 

____

 

Izuku was currently sitting near Shigaraki as he played another video game. Surprisingly it was one where instead of fighting anyone are anything relatively destructive, you were planting plants around an abandoned city.

It was nice, and when Izuku scooted a bit closer Shigaraki didn’t say or do anything. After a bit, Shigaraki actually tilted the game console so Izuku could see better. There was a comfortable silence for a while until Izuku just looked away from the game and at Shigaraki’s face.

He was reminded of how the first time he saw Shigaraki it was with his body covered in dismembered hands. But since he’s been at the bar, the only times he had actually seen him with a hand on his face was when he went out and came back.

“Hey, Shigaraki why don’t you wear your Father’s hand that much anymore?” Izuku couldn’t help but ask.

Shigaraki answered the question absentmindedly, “It was giving me acne.”

While Izuku processed what he had just heard, he saw Shigaraki freeze up and pause the game. It seemed that he hadn’t really thought much about the question or the answer but was now regretting what he said.

Izuku spoke up before Shigaraki said anything.

“Don’t worry I’m not gonna tell anyone. Anyways it makes sense and your skin looks clear which is good.”

Shigaraki let out the tension in his body and pressed play on his game. After a few moments, he spoke. “Kurogiri got me some creams and shit after I kept complaining.”

Izuku chuckled a little bit, his attention back on the game. “I’m not surprised by that.”

He didn’t notice the small smile Shigaraki had as he continued to play and they returned to that comfortable silence again.

___________

“Do you think Izuku-kun is bored?” Toga asked while walking beside Magne.

The woman tilted her head as if to think. “Maybe, we have been running a lot of errands lately and leaving. But he doesn’t seem upset about it.”

Toga pouted for a few moments.

“We should get him something!” she looked up at Magne and then turned to Dabi with wide eyes and a big smile. “Dabi can we get Izuku-kun something?”

Without turning to look at the sparkles practically in Toga’s eyes he replied. “And what should we get the princess Toga?”

Before Toga could answer Twice popped his head out from where he was walking beside Magne. “How about a sketchbook, he was drawing a lot last time he was here. Who cares what you get him. Oh, what about a gun!?”

Dabi tilted his head to look at Twice, “A gun would be cool but a sketchbook would probably be better. Good idea Jin. Now” - the relaxed look on Dabi’s face turned a bit more mischievous - “how bout we go shopping?”

__

The news the next day would report a paint-filled bomb that went off in one of the chain art stores. There was no damage other than paint everywhere. When Toga and Twice presented the sketchbook, Izuku could see some still-wet-paint on them.

____________

After spending some time practicing his full cowl in an empty room, Izuku decided to do some more drawing.

The sketchbook that the others had gotten him was being used almost every day. And Izuku was happy to say that he was not the only one.

Once again Izuku saw one particular page be filled with murder scenes and some flowers too. Toga said it was so that ‘Izuku-kun can have a flower drawn by me too’ and Izuku thought about how when he had left the bar the first time he had given Toga a drawing of a flower before he stepped through the warp gate. It left Izuku feeling warm inside when he saw Toga come out and show her the drawing he drew.

So he also asked the others to draw something too.

__

Both Spinner and Magne were happy to draw something, Toga being the one to push the sketchbook in their face while holding a knife in her other hand (of course they probably would have drawn it even if they were not being threatened). When Twice had drawn he was quiet and calm.

No one bothered him while he sat at a booth and a pencil easily glided across the page.

__

Mr.Compress actually used his quirk on the notebook and gave it back an hour later. After the marble that Mr.Compress tossed to Izuku disappeared and was replaced by the sketchbook, Izuku found words in an elegant font.

It seemed that while Mr.Compress was not a good drawer, he was skilled in calligraphy.

When Izuku read it, he found that it was a poem.

__

Shigaraki was at the counter of the bar sketching. Izuku was sitting next to him drinking another cup of tea. Occasionally he would glance over to the sketchbook but other than that, he let Shigaraki have space as he drew.

After a while, Dabi walked by and discreetly peeked over Shigaraki’s shoulder to see what he was drawing.

When Dabi took in what was on the paper he smiled and let himself lean on Shigaraki, resting his head on the man’s shoulder. Shigaraki froze and everyone waited with bated breath to see what would happen next.

“Kinky.”

The word rang out in the silent bar like a bell in an empty room. There was no possible way that someone did not hear Dabi say ‘kinky’ while leaning on Shigaraki.

Izuku watched as Shigaraki's face turned into one of disgust before he tried to hit Dabi. Dabi of course dodged it with ease and Shigaraki took off his glove before getting off his seat and chasing after him.

While Shigaraki chased Dabi around the bar who was cackling, laughter joining that of the other members, Izuku set down his teacup and looked at the page that Shigaraki had been working on.

On the page were sketches of hands.

_________

 

Somewhere else in Japan there was a distinctively different atmosphere. Instead of laughter and the sounds of someone running into furniture, there was silence. Instead of a sketchbook left open on a bar counter, there was a growing pile of notebooks being set onto a desk in front of a certain fanged principal.

The notebooks belonged to Midoriya Izuku, the missing student.
Notes:

    The LOV has to go out sometimes but they don't leave Izuku by himself. It creates a few funny situations, or in Kurogiri's case stressful situations after dealing with aftermath of both Dabi and Spinner staying behind.

    I'm curious as to Magne's stories.

    Here you see a little snippet of the fic this story is inspired by with how Izuku is getting the hang of the knives faster than what would be considered normal and the whispers he hears *cough* the vestiges*cough*. I think the idea of him getting skills from the past holders is super cool so I wanted to incorporate that a bit into the fic. you will see more of it as we continue.

    Kurogiri has an effective method of keeping out unwanted people from behind his bar, of course, Izuku is welcomed. Even more so when dressed up nicely. (any of you caught the little wisps reaching out to Izu? cause I thought it was fun to include<3) What can I say, Kurogiri is fond of Izu.

    The video game is infact real (can't remember the name of it. EDIT: ITS CLOUD GARDENS!) and I want to play it so bad. let me plant plants in a video game, please it sounds fun. Also i fully believe shiggy would play a game like that, like let him chill XD

    Dry skin + something on your face all the time = acne. Shiggy now has a face routine after Kurogiri bought him products, also a hair routine ;P (Which answers one of the first questions Izu had when he was first at the bar).

    You now know what Izuku drew for Toga when he left that first time. It was a flower!! Also, tidbit I liked was how Jin was calm while sketching.

    And of course, Dabi would say something stupid like that. Like I said he takes every opportunity to bother Shiggy. but like Shiggy sees hands all the time, its completely logical to think he could draw them.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 26: Answers in a notebook
Summary:

    Pages and pages hold more than just written words

Notes:

    Posted 8/30/21

    Warning: Description of bullying, distressing statistics, talk of death

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Nedzu was looking at the pile of notebooks on his desk.

They were the notebooks that Yamada had brought back from Midoriya-kun’s room. Nedzu remembered listening to Aizawa and Yamada’s description of the household. It was upsetting and he only had some relief when they described te student's room. Apparently, the boy was not just an All Might fan but had the merchandise of various heroes. Even things in relation to the two heroes that had gone into his home.

Nedzu smiled a bit more genuinely when Yamada told him about the little drawing of Eraserhead’s goggles they had seen.

But currently, Nedzu was not smiling anymore.

He had just gone through the boy’s notebooks, and as amazing as they were. Full of information and clear signs of a mind Nedzu wanted to know more about, what he found in those pages did not paint a pretty picture at all.

It had taken a while to even begin reading the pages as Midoriya had encoded them.

While it would have been sufficient against someone who had bad intentions, Nedzu had the early notebook of when Midoriya was starting out and so cracking the code went by faster along with the use of high specs.

The first notebook was done with crayons and markers. The cover was decorated with poorly drawn figures that vaguely resemble pro heroes. But written as clear as a child can was the title:

Hero Analysis for the Future
#1

In the corner, written in green marker was the name Midoriya Izuku.

As Nedzu turned the page he knew that in the beginning, Midoriya was a very happy child and very excited. Especially when it came from Heroes. As he read the misspelled and rushed words Nedzu found himself feeling the remnant of a child’s wonder and amazement. But he can also see a young mind overflowing with questions and ideas.

Over the pages, he saw some improvement in handwriting and spelling.

After finishing the first notebook, there was no doubt in Nedzu’s mind that Midoriya must have been a lovely little boy. That the boy wanted to be a hero. That the boy was kind.

Which why it was so disappointing to see the following notebooks.

Albeit still rough in handwriting and with childish drawings inside. There were signs that Midoriya had cried while writing in it.

The excitement that had been first been bursting and overflowing seemed more hesitant and dimmed. There was a sense of anxiousness among the words. An anxiousness that only seemed to grow with each page. By the end of the 2nd and 3rd notebook, Nedzu knew that Midoriya was dealing with anxiety that seemed to be getting worse.

In the next notebook, there are signs of this.

Dried tear marks joined stilted words.

There were sentences that looked neat until a line was slashing through the entire page. It didn’t take a genius to know that Midoriya must have been pushed while he was writing. It was not the only time that it had happened. Each page showed more signs that the notebook was pulled away or pushed while the boy tried to write about a new hero they had seen or a possible application of a quirk.

Interesting ideas were overshadowed by signs of something being erased repeatedly like someone kept making him mess up.

Nedzu could see the frustration building as Midoriya’s hand was probably moved away and shoved. Errors in spelling and grammar were left in place as it looked like he was trying to write things quickly.

Irritation was something that Nedzu occasionally felt, and he felt it as he looked at what was supposed to be an intellectual endeavor being disrespected.

That was not the only emotion he felt when he saw the dried-up blood on the next notebook.

Blood stained the drawing of a new hero that had come out. Blood was among the description of weaknesses that could be accounted for with the use of support gear. Blood was beside the little notes about the hero’s personality and handling of victims and police officers.

There were many ways for blood to find its place among the pages.

He could have been ambushed while writing. He might have been writing while sporting a bloody nose. He might have been writing even though he was just hurt. He might have been looking over the pages after patching himself up.

There was one scenario Nedzu was disgruntled that came to mind.

Midoriya being held and showed his notebook, possibly being told how stupid it was and being hurt. Being forced to watch as some drops of blood stained the pages he worked so hard for.

__

Of course, because Nedzu is a genius. He was not wrong.

There were many times that Midoriya’s notebook was belittled as he was being hurt. There were many times where a teacher would grab it and hold it up while awaking around class. They would say ‘it is important to be focused on what you can actually do children, it is not smart to focus on impossible dreams that will never become reality'.

There were so many times where Midoriya’s analysis was looked over and judged to be the nonsensical ramblings of a quirkless boy just because they didn’t realize it was in code. They could never imagine someone so underdeveloped would be able to create a code all on their own.

__

One particular notebook stuck out to Nedzu.

There was both burn marks and water damage. There was also a remaining hint of sewage on it. It maybe not have been noticeable to a human, but with Nedzu’s nose, he could smell it. He did not like the implication of it and his mind went back to the televised incident of the sludge villain where Bakugou Katsuki and Midoriya had been involved in.

Nedzu’s felt irritation when he came across All Might’s signature scrawled across two pages. After those pages, nothing else was written.

Nedzu closed the notebook.

Midoriya Izuku was bullied severely.

Nedu felt upset that this was never brought up to him by All Might, the man who chose Midoriya Izuku to be his successor. All Might had seen that notebook that was burned, he had even written in it. But never did it look like Yagi was concerned about Midoriya’s mental well-being. Never did the man check up on Nedzu or come to him to talk about how to help someone who in the past has had less than pleasant school experiences.

Nedzu was also upset with himself. He knew Midoriya had been quirkless before and that most likely had been bullied to an extent. But he didn't know it was to that extent. Nedzu wanted to believe that a school would not have allowed such a thing.

Nedzu was not human and so he could never fully comprehend them. And it was most likely due to this that he had been ignorant to the pain that Midoriya had suffered. Maybe he hadn’t wanted to know. Maybe a small part of him thought that surely a human would not treat a human child like that, so cruel that it reminded him of white coats, white walls, and cages.

But that was not the case. Nedzu was able to see what it was that his missing student had experienced. He had been able to gain a small peek at a mind he wished he knew held so much intelligence and potential to become so much more.

All Might never told him that Midoriya liked to analyze. It was clear that the boy did not bring it up to his teacher, because despite Aizawa’s demeanor towards him, the man would have brought Midoriya to him if he had known. Aizawa was adamant about helping his student reach their fullest potential and bringing Midoriya to him, to discuss theories and analysis would have been just that.

But clearly, not only was Midoriya good at analysis but also at hiding what he did not want others to know.

___

“Nedzu are you okay?”

Nedzu looked up and found Aizawa sitting in the seat in front of his desk looking at him concerned.

“Ah yes, just lost in my mind for a moment. We were discussing Izuku’s notebooks were we not?” Nedzu asked, knowing that Aizawa preferred to use the student’s given name according to what Yamada told him.

“Yes. You were telling me about the signs of bullying and how the problem child is smarter than he portrayed himself as. Do you think that it is the reason he was kidnapped, for his analysis?”

Nedzu waved a paw in the air. ”It’s a possibility but I do not believe so! Throughout all the notebooks, including those where he wrote about his classmates and faculty of UA, there was no sign of ill intent. Whenever he wrote of weaknesses he also wrote of ways to make up for them, to make them safer.

“I believe that it is very unlikely that any villains would be getting any harmful information out of Izuku anytime soon,” Nedzu finished.

He said this because even after all the boy had experience, Nedzu could still see that the boy was kind, he had only wanted to help. He found himself contemplating biting anyone who suggested otherwise.

Aizawa would probably help him escape the repercussions of doing so.

Although there was that part of him that looked at other possibilities.

Possibilities that pointed out that Izuku could have reached his limit, could have decided to join the villains and dole out the pain he had suffered for all those years. The possibility that society had truly broken the kind boy Izuku was and twisted it into someone who wanted to hurt others.

A boy who was fully capable of doing so with frightening effectiveness, if the notebooks told him anything.

But that was not something he wanted to think about, not something he wanted to point out to Aizawa who probably already knew this (and the man did, but he refused to believe that was what had happened). Nedzu wanted to believe that the young excited and kind boy he saw in that first notebook was still there, albeit very much tired and hurting. He wanted to help Izuku grow his potential, his intelligence so that he was able to help people the best way he could.

Izuku was a human that Nedzu truly believed could change things, change things for the better.

But in order to do that, they had to make sure to help him. To give him the support that he needed. Except that was hard to do when they were missing.

He thought about how the video footage of the scarred man showed them gently pulling Izuku into the warp. How they had even taken medical supplies that Izuku obviously needed. Izuku most likely was not a villain but there was the possibility that the villains were actually helping the boy. Nedzu actually hoped that was the case because when the time was right, they would be ready to help Izuku too.

______________

Izuku was wearing a black turtle neck and red gloves after practically being ordered by Toga to wear them. Of course, Izuku didn’t mind indulging the girl given that she was going to show him more knife-throwing skills later in the day. He also liked how the marble stood out against the black of his shirt.

Although he wondered why Mr.Compress had seemed to freeze once the man saw him. He decided to ask Toga later as he had smiled like she knew something funny when it happened.

He was sitting at the bar enjoying another cup of tea feeling very relaxed when Twice asked him a question.

“Why do you keep wearing those red shoes? Did Kurogiri and Compress forget to get shoes? Shit, I forgot to get those measurements, but who cares it’s just shoes.”

Not fully thinking things through, Izuku responded absentmindedly.

”It’s the only type that’s made for people who are quirkless because of the extra toe joint. Other shoes don’t fit right and are uncomfortable; these are the only ones I can wear.”

It was oddly silent after he answered Twice’s question and he wondered why until the realization hit him. The tension hit Izuku as if he had walked into a freezing room. Suddenly the tea he was holding didn’t seem warm anymore.

“What do you mean quirkless? You’re quirkless?” Shigaraki asked, confused.

Izuku tried to keep his voice steady despite the panic and chaos going on in his mind. “Uh well, I used to be until the beginning of this school year. I had the extra toe joint and everything but it turned out that I had to wait until my body could handle my quirk and even now it still breaks my bones and tears my muscles. But before that I was quirkless.” Izuku said, pretending like he wasn’t digging himself a deeper hole.

He was afraid to look at them, to see their faces looking at him in disgust. But he forced himself to look because he had to know if he would have to leave.

When he turned around he didn’t see a single expression of disgust or anger.

Instead, they all look confused and concerned.

“What?” Izuku asked nervously because no one had yet to say something.

“What do you mean what!” Dabi exclaimed but made no move to come towards Izuku, which he appreciated. “Dude, you just told us that you’ve been quirkless for like 10 years. And if anybody knows the shit you can go through just because of shitty quirk, we sure as hell know what you had to go through was fucking shitty as hell.”

And they were right.

Izuku was in a bar full of people who were wronged and angry at how they were treated at some time or another. They still had their quirks, they still had to deal with society while Izuku now had a quirk.

Guilt and shame crept up on Izuku like bugs on his skin. He shifted in his seat.

“I know, but I have a quirk now and it isn’t the same at UA,” he found himself saying as if the years of abuse was nothing important.

No one looked convinced.

“What would you have done if you hadn’t gotten your quirk?” Twice asked, oddly calm.

Izuku shrugged. He thought about what could have happened and his brain started to remind him of the information he remembered reading the day he had gone home after he got diagnosed.

All numbers and facts pointed in one direction and Izuku found himself feeling detached as he responded.

“I would probably be dead.”

Izuku continued as if he didn’t feel the oppressive silence that had taken over the bar. “One of the kids in school could have gone too far, they liked to use me as quirk practice and I saw a few cases where someone died because of a quirk ‘accident’ at school in the news. There are hate crimes against people who are quirkless and then there are people who treat them like pets. So human trafficking is an issue where they get kidnapped and sold off, or probably killed for sport in some areas.”

He remembered how scared he had been to go outside after reading stories of children taken from their homes at night and the park during the day. It didn’t help that Inko reminded him that she needed to know where he was at all times because of the ‘bad men’ who would take him away.

“And then there is the big thing with suicide. A lot of people who are quirkless die because of suicide, mostly because everyone is always telling them to die and kill themselves, the regular stuff.” Izuku said with a smile that was anything but happy and he took a sip of tea even though he couldn’t taste it.

“Either way it all leads to me being dead, six feet under, having that good sleep,” Izuku chuckled and gripped the teacup a little too hard before he let go.

This was something he’s known since he was little. It was just a fact in his life, something he has to accept and not think too hard about because then his mind is overcome with spider lilies and rooftops. So he focused on the tea cup in front of him and the overbearing silence in the bar.

The next thing Izuku felt was a jerk from his chair being moved and suddenly having an armful of Toga. The girl was squeezing him tight, her face hidden in his chest.

He was frozen as he heard the muffled murmurs of Toga that he could not understand and saw that everyone was still looking at him with eyes that only showed concern.

A hand fell on his shoulder and Izuku suddenly realized that Magne was right there beside him. The warmth from her hand grounded him.

“Hey Midoriya, it's okay,” she said.

Izuku wondered why she was telling him that before he realized he was crying.

Why was he crying? When did he start to cry?

Izuku didn’t know.

Now Toga was holding him tighter and he could understand her as she threatened to stab anyone for him, even including everyone else in the bar if he wanted.

Slowly Izuku brought his arms up and wrapped them back around Toga. When she squeezed him again he tightened his hold.

Letting his head be propped on Toga’s head, Izuku let himself cry.
Notes:

    It was my birthday the other day so here is a present from me to you, the next chapter!

    The number of worried comments about Suspected Traitor Izuku was a surprise to me in the last chapter, like come on ya’ll have some positivity… no it was completely understandable, you should not trust me. But yay! Nedzu is not going that route! He thinks Izuku is a good kid that needs help and learned quite a bit from going through the notebooks. Notebooks from when he was a little kid with no worries to the one he is now. It’s definitely an eye-opener for him.

    Also answering questions when you are distracted/ absentmindedly without fully thinking it through...yeah that’s just Izuku. And thus he drops another bombshell of info cueing emotions.

    This whole fic is a roller coaster of emotions that I forced you all to strap into as I am still laying down the track. How fun is that!

    LET IZUKU HAVE PHYSICAL COMFORT! Falling asleep with someone is awesome, from what I can remember.

    Anyways hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 27: Take my hand
Summary:

    Some thoughts are had and a dancing partner appears.

Notes:

    Posted 9/10/21

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

When there was no sign that Toga would move and Midoriya could not move, Magne somehow expertly picked up the two of them and put them on the couch.

No one seemed surprised by the display of strength.

Toga refused to let go of Midoriya but he seemed completely fine with Toga declaring that she would not leave him. The others smiled at how Toga seemed to make herself comfortable in the boy’s arms and how Midoriya looked content with her there. No discomfort could be seen on his face and his expression was much better than the tears they had seen. Midoriya had stopped crying and Kurogiri gave him a handkerchief to wipe his face. Midoriya actually chuckled before thanking Kurogiri.

But there remained Midoriya and Toga. The girl’s head was tucked under Midoriya’s chin. At some point, Toga fell asleep and Midoriya made no move to remove her off of him and eventually he fell asleep as well.

When the others realized that the two youngest patrons of the bar were asleep, none of them dared to move them or disturb them. Especially with Toga’s reflex of stabbing someone which would not at all be deterred by the fact that Midoriya still had his arms around her.

Also, they just wanted to let them rest.

___

While the two were sleeping the others moved to the other side of the bar to talk.

Shigaraki barely slid into his side of the booth before questions were being asked.

“Shigaraki did you know this?” Spinner asked from the other side. Something that looked like anger was on his face.

“Had no fucking clue,” Shigaraki said as Sako took a seat next to him.

“It seems the young man didn’t exactly mean to reveal such information when Jin asked him about the shoes.”

“How the fuck was I supposed to know about what those shoes meant!?” Twice hissed at Sako.

Sako brought up his hands to show he meant no offense. Twice grumbled from his spot leaning on the booth seat that Spinner and Magne were sitting on. Dabi came up next to Twice

“We’ve all dealt with shit, but what the fuck? He’s dealt with all that and he still wants to be a hero?” Dabi asked in disbelief. “That’s the whole tragic backstory material if I’ve ever seen one. And” - Dabi laughed - “I fucking have one.”

Shigaraki felt the need to scratch his neck but refrained.

It was frustrating. The kid was quirkless for years and when he did get a quirk, it broke his bones. But still Midoriya acted like it was nothing.

Shigaraki wondered if the boy would ever get a fucking break.

_____________

Never had All for One ever been feeling the way he did towards a user of One for All.

Midoriya seemed to be full of surprises.

The latest one was the boy was quirkless. All Might had chosen a quirkless boy as his successor.

A boy that no doubt had been hurt countless times by society, by the people he apparently only wanted to protect when he was older as a hero. By all means, that child should be cold, angry, ready to hurt others since it was so easy for others to hurt him. Except, Midoriya was not like that.

That’s the part that had All for One feeling something short of awe.

AFO questioned All Might’s decision of choosing a boy to be the new holder. A boy that found comfort in villains. A boy that had so much potential to be an amazing villain. His mind was a weapon in of itself already and AFO was sure that if used, heroes would be dropping like flies.

Of course, that would not happen.

All for One knew that this boy that was currently asleep, carefully holding someone close to him would never become a villain. No, this child simply wanted to help.

He wasn’t even sure if he would want to make the boy a villain.

Midoriya Izuku reminded him of an idea he had long ago when his brother was still alive.

The idea of doing something about the hate towards those who had quirks when it was still rare. It was an innocent idea he had, but one that eventually grew darker as the years progressed. Now there Midoriya was, having faced hate and discrimination simply because he did not have a quirk.

It was ironic how twisted things became.

All for One would have to thank All Might for passing down his quirk to Midoriya though. Because surely if he had not, he would have never become aware of the child. Like before, AFO knew Midoriya had not been lying when he said that he would have been dead if it were not for him suddenly getting a quirk.

He thought about how he would have never heard the boy’s detailed and often fervent analysis or see Tomura so calm with other people. He would have never seen that at all if Midoriya never received OFA.

No, that boy would be dead.

The thought, the possibility of that happening bothered him.

It would have been an absolute waste, he thought.

That possibility made him want to do something. It rekindled an anger or frustration from long ago. But of course, he couldn’t do that now. Hasty decisions made based on emotions weren’t his style (at least that’s what he thought). So he remained seated and continued to listen.

He was curious as to how his student, Tomura would continue. If this piece of information this boy could affect his future actions.

And if it did...All for One found that he didn’t feel opposed to that.

 

___________

Grey mist surrounded him again and Izuku was happy to see the figures once more.

At the moment they had yet to notice him. It gave him time to think about what had just happened.

He told the league he was quirkless, and they...well they were just concerned about him. None of them got upset, well only upset at how he must have been treated. Then Toga had hugged him and they fell asleep.

Now what he thought would have happened once he'd reveal his quirkless status was to be kicked out, to be hated because that was how it always was when he was little. But there he was, asleep with what was probably Toga still in his arms on the comfortable couch. It was nice.

The feeling carried on into the grey that surrounded him.

Izuku got up from his seated position on the ground and looked around. There really was nothing else other than the different colored figures from what he could see. He wondered what they did when he wasn't there.

He wondered who they were.

He wondered why they mentioned numbers.

Eighth

Ninth

That was what he had heard. The woman with the beauty mark called him the ninth.

Ninth of wha-

Wait.

Izuku wanted to laugh at how obvious the answer was.

He was the ninth holder of One for All.

Izuku looked at the eight figures he saw, each a different color. He remembered how All Might had told him that he would be the ninth person to have the quirk

Eight past holders of One for All. One for All that was a stockpiling quirk. A quirk that from the looks of it, seemed to have Eight ghosts.

With that realization, Izuku laughed.

The sound of his laughter rang out, startling the other figures who turned to look at him. Izuku laughed even more seeing that he actually had a mouth and could speak, no more misty body parts it seemed.

Slowly the figures came forth, they seemed clearer before.

This time though, the purple figure came close while the woman with a beauty mark stayed behind with a smile on her face. The purple figure from the looks of it was a woman. Izuku could see one of her eyes while the other was covered by her hair. The one eye looked amused.

She didn't say anything and simply held out a hand towards him.

Not seeing any reason to refuse the hand, Izuku placed his own in her open palm.

When he did, the woman was quick to get a better grip on his hand and pulled him forward, grabbing his other hand. The next thing he knew was that they were spinning.

When he looked at the woman, he saw a smile which he couldn't help but return. She let go of one hand and spun him around with the other. The action made him laugh again as he spun around once more.

It was a dance that continued and kept the smile on Izuku's face. A dance that made his laughter ring out whenever the purple figure did a new move. When she pulled him close and dipped him, his giggles made small floating lights appear. And he could have sworn he heard soft laughter come from the woman who continued to dance with him.

Round and round they went while the others simply watched. Seemingly content to let them make the grey misty place their stage for a dance that now only the two of them knew.

Izuku moved easily with the figure. Unlike the awkward dancing between partners he had seen in the past, he seemed to be in perfect harmony with his partner.

When he caught their eye there was a feeling of understanding that came from them. It was a deep feeling of understanding that made him think of the red shoes he always had to wear. As he twirled around, somehow not tripping over his own feet, he thought about what he had just revealed to the league.

Sparing a glance towards the other figures he did not feel that same feeling. The feeling only came back when he looked into the one eye that was visible of his dancing partner. Then when a certain question popped into his head he saw the woman who was graceful on her feet smile in a way that made more floating lights appear.

At that moment, she became as clear as the woman with the beauty mark was. And she laughed as she once again spun Izuku around.

Then he woke up.

______

 

When he woke up it was to find that the lights were out and Toga was still nuzzled under his head. Apparently, she was very comfortable on him, while he could feel that tingly sensation in his limbs that were the telltale sign that something was on top of them for too long. Carefully, he extracted himself from Toga, making sure to rest her head softly on the cushion and that she wasn't in a weird uncomfortable position.

Once up and off the couch, he stretched his legs and tried to shake off that staticky sensation in his feet. While he did, that he saw that everyone else was still out, although asleep.

Dabi was in the seat that he had basically made his own. Twice was in a booth while Spinner in another. Shigaraki was sleeping on the other couch at the end while Magne was at the other end of it. Mr.Compress seemed to be comfortable in the other seat, using the ottoman to prop his feet up.

Izuku spent several moments just looking at them.

"They were concerned after hearing the information you shared," a voice said loud enough to get Izuku's attention but not disturb any of the sleeping individuals.

When Izuku looked, he saw Kurogiri behind the bar as usual. The man it seemed was wide awake, or at least looked like it.

"Oh," Izuku whispered.

Kurogiri looked at him for a moment before beckoning him to come to the bar, which Izuku did. While he made his way, he found that he felt lighter on his feet.

Unnaturally so.

“Are you alright Midoriya?” Kurogiri asked, making Izuku realize he had been staring at his own feet for a while.

“Uh yeah, just thinking about something,” he said as he took a seat at the bar counter.

“That ‘something’ being…”

“Dancing,” Izuku found himself saying. Despite how odd it was, it was true. He was thinking about dancing, more specifically the dancing he did with the purple woman that seemed as natural as walking.

“Dancing,” Kurogiri repeated questioningly.

Izuku couldn’t really explain why so he just continued. “Mhm. I was wondering about what reasons there could be if when you dance with someone it seems natural and you don’t mess up.”

“Well” - Kurogiri put down a glass he had been cleaning - “ that can happen if the person leading is very experienced and very adept at leading a novice dancer or the two have experience dancing and dancing with each other.”

Izuku thought back to how the purple woman seemed to lead him, but then he remembered that there were actually a few moments that he had taken the lead. And not once did the two of them lose their rhythm. Izuku had never danced before, much less with someone else.

Yes it was possible he was just good at dancing in that misty place, but it didn’t explain the lightness he felt when he walked. Or why he felt that if he danced with someone right now, he would be able to do so as he had done with the purple women.

He looked at Kurogiri.

Should he ask him to dance to test his theory?

Izuku shook his head at the thought.

No that would be ridiculous.

As Izuku tried to think of a way to test this new ‘dancing thing’, he missed the look Kurogiri was giving him.

__

Along with the confused yet concerned look, Kurogiri simply wondered why on Earth was the boy thinking of dancing after having revealed what he did earlier.

Once again he thought (albeit fondly), what a confusing child.
Notes:

    Well, the league is certainly very understanding of how quirks can affect how others treat you. And they are once again in shock at how Izuku is the way he is, someone who wants to help despite being hurt so much.

    Afo was reminded of his roots, of his innocent idea and want before things became twisted and bloody. And he is pissed at the idea of if Izuku had died, if he had never been chosen as the next holder. To him it’s a waste, it’s a sign of how things should change. It makes the man frustrated as he’s reminded of things from long ago. It’s funny considering he has actually yet to speak to Izuku. but nonetheless he has positive feelings towards the boy, even to get upset at the idea of the boy’s death and treatment.
    *reminder this is fanfiction so not the same characterization as canon

    Hello, vestiges. As you can see not at all vestiges are the same as canon. More specifically the 2nd and 3rd are oc’s. Which includes our dancing lady. Why did she dance? What understanding was there? That shall come to light, but please give me your theories!! I actually had a lot of fun with the dancing, like imagine it, these to ppl dancing in an odd and mysterious palace. The two of them, the perfect image of partners that have been dancing together for years laughing and smiling at each other. Smooth fluid movement. Yeah love me that shit.

    Yay Izuku realized what exactly were the figures he saw and why he was being called Ninth (I mean pretty obvious and about time so yay)But poor Izuku is confused. And hey look at that more vestige effects on Izuku *cough* the lightness of his feet *cough*. Dude literally dropped a bomb of info, cried, danced with a purple woman, and now is wondering why the hell he feels like he could probably do a graceful waltz if someone asked.

    Speaking of asking, did he seriously think to ask my fav misty man to dance...yes yes he did.

    Said Misty man is simply confused but fond of Izu.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 28: Dancing circle
Summary:

    More dancing partners.

Notes:

    Posted 9/20/21

    Oh by the way, I did some calculations in terms of the timeline and Izuku has been missing for about 23 days give or take as of ch.27 this is due to the few days before leaving for the trip, then the actual week of the school training camp he did not go to, return of peeps from their school trip where Yamada and Shouta went to Izuku's home, time skip between days cause ya know not everyday will have something big happen, week of the Lov leaving Izuku with diff people several times

    Is it accurate to canon? probably not but, it's fanfiction. In my head, their summer vaca is longer and Izuku is basically spending that time with the lov so far.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

As the morning progressed and Izuku walked around, he couldn’t help the lightness that he felt. The only explanation was One for All, it had to do with the past holders. There really was no other reason.

Was it one of their quirks, was it one of their skills? Could skills even be stored like that? Then what about All Might why didn’t he tell him about this? Did he even know? Did he simply decide to not tell Izuku about these ghosts in a quirk? Did he just decide that he didn’t deserve to know? Why would he thi-

“He didn’t know,” a voice seemed to whisper inside his head. Their voice was soft and seemed to make the anxiety he had been building up go away.

When Izuku could tell that he wasn’t about to spiral into an anxiety attack he felt a satisfied hum go through his body that made him smile. It seemed like one of the past holders were happy.

“Thank you,” he whispered.

__

Izuku had gone into one of the empty rooms to test out this new ability of his. He’d rather figure this out on his own before asking Kurogiri to dance and finding out he couldn’t dance. It would be embarrassing to waste the man’s time like that and Izuku had a feeling that Kurogiri would try to make him not feel too bad.

No, he’d test this himself.

It was with that thought (although feeling a bit foolish) that Izuku took a few steps in what he could think was part of a dance. Sure enough, after just 4 steps he found a rhythm and a second later he was twisting and turning gracefully and he didn’t trip and went around the room. It felt natural, it felt easy.

He got caught up in it enough to not notice when the door opened.

_________

Toga had been looking for Izuku-kun after she woke up. She was already smiling since he had managed to move her away without getting stabbed which only big sis Mags could do, and she smiled even more when she finally found Izuku-kun. It was because he was dancing and it was one of the prettiest things she had seen. She didn’t hear any music but there was a rhythm that for some reason you could hear (or feel) while looking at him. It was nice to see him look a little carefree, it was nice seeing him not shut down after telling them that sad thing he did.

She didn’t hesitate to go and grab his hand with a smile.

“I didn’t know you could dance Izuku-kun!”

It was fun seeing him blush at being caught and attempt to explain what he had been doing. But that didn’t matter because she just wanted him to keep having fun.

“Can we keep dancing Izuku-kun? It looks like fun!”

The look of surprise and small smile Izuku got on his face was so very nice. “How do you want to dance?” he asked.

“Let’s do one with lots of spinning!”

When she said that she heard a small giggle from Izuku and a second later they were moving once again. His hands held hers as they moved around the room and started to spin.

___

Shigaraki had gone to see why there was so much giggling coming from one of the rooms and when he opened the door it was to see Midoriya and Toga dancing. Toga in particular seemed to be having the time of her life.

What the he-

He didn’t get a chance to finish that thought before Toga was grabbing his gloved hands and dragging him towards them. She was smiling the whole time and so did Midoriya when he saw him. The two young teens didn’t at all seem particularly concerned that his eyes were the size of saucers as they essentially forced him to join their dancing circle that kept spinning.

Shigaraki could say that never had he imagined himself in this sort of situation, but there he was. Of course, it was Midoriya who seemed to be the one that kept him from falling and tripping over his own feet.

When the hell the little hero learned how to dance or just be graceful in general he didn’t know, but shit was he thankful for that now since Toga wouldn’t be able to tease him about falling any time soon.

Of course, that did nothing to stop Dabi from recording the three and making sure to tease them about it later on while sending it to the others.

______________

In the grey misty place, the purple third holder figure was sitting on the floor and the grey second holder went to where she was sitting. When they sat down, her purple aura reached out to their grey.

The Second smiled. “You know, he dances like you, albeit still a little hesitant,” they said. “I think he’s a little happier.”

The Third looked at the Second, her one visible eye closed as she smiled.

The Second laughed. “You really are a woman of few words aren’t you Mai.”
Notes:

    Hehe dancing. Like, imagine Shigaraki just getting dragged and forced to dance and spin while lowkey panicking about falling. Meanwhile, Toga is giggling with Izuku. Of course, Izuku somehow makes sure that none of them will fall and they are being rather graceful. I can imagine that Kurogiri would like the video of them dancing very much and as much as Shigaraki would hate to admit it, he would too.

    Alright now with the vestiges. We see Izuku accepting the possibility fact that he is getting some stuff from the past holders. So far that seems to include the knife skills (as he was getting the hang of it faster than he should be) and the dancing or general gracefulness ect.

    And hello we now have a name for our purple lady who is supposed to be the third holder: Mai. She’s not particularly a very talkative person tho. And the second holder is the grey figure, they are an oc and I have not revealed their name yet.

    You know Izuku actually does not know any of the vestiges names yet XD. So far they simply go by colors and he keeps referring to Nana as the woman with the beauty mark. Eventually, he will learn their names and who they are but that will take time and there’s still more to the story.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 29: Dress up
Summary:

    A makeover and a message sent.

Notes:

    Posted 10/8/21

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It’s the sound of knives that fills the bar until the others come out from their rooms. Each of them seemingly dressed to go out. Shigaraki even has all of his hands on. Izuku threw one last knife at the target (a photo of Endeavor’s face that Dabi had put up for him) before stopping and looking at them.

“Where are you guys going?” he asked even though he had a general idea. Of course, they had things to do and it wouldn’t have been the first time. But now Izuku felt a bit sad seeing them ready to leave once again also he felt a bit bad for the one who would eventually have to stay with him, what if they didn’t want to stay with him, what i-

“Gotta run some errands little dude,” Spinner said interrupting the unpleasant line of thought.

Without waiting long enough to think about what he was about to ask, Izuku responded. “Can I come?”

Izuku might have laughed at their reactions if he didn’t feel some slight panic start to creep up his throat. A few of them looked amused: Mr.Compress, Dabi, and Magne. One of them looked excited: Toga. Meanwhile, Shigaraki and Spinner looked confused by the question while Twice mumbling “Ah so he’s decided to be a villain then huh.”

“Just to remind you, we aren’t exactly law-abiding citizens on our outings Princess,” Dabi said as if Izuku wasn’t perfectly aware.

“Oh come on!” Toga said, “We’re just talking to some people today, Izuku-kun could come for this couldn’t he” - she looked back at Izuku - “You’re okay with just talking stuff right Izuku-kun?”

Izuku nodded his head. “Talking to shady people isn’t a big deal to me, like you’ll do it anyways. But if it’s something worse you could just say no or have Kurogiri warp me out of there, obviously I’d prefer if you didn’t kill someone but I know how these things can go. I just- I feel a little bad one of you has to stay and I actually haven’t been out for a while,” Izuku explained. Although he knew it would be wise to not go out with villains who were most definitely going to talk to people who were criminals and just generally people he’s supposed to put in jail in the future. But, he also felt a little cooped up and had a feeling that the LOV wouldn’t take him along if it was going to be something really really bad.

There was a movement of silence before someone spoke.

It was Shigaraki, “Alright fine, but you need to change your get up and cover your face. You’re still missing and I don’t think you want ‘shady’ people knowing your face or how you look like.”

Before Izuku could respond Toga was suddenly jumping up and down, saying something about a makeover and that she had the perfect materials. Then faster than you could think, Izuku was being dragged away by the girl who had also grabbed Mr.Compress’s wrist.

The others watched the three of them disappear into a room.

“I feel like Toga has been waiting for this moment,” Spinner said.

Magne chuckled. “Oh most definitely.”

___

When they come out, Mr.Compress and Toga present Izuku with much fanfare. The two of them were rather pleased with the look that they had created.

The biggest difference was Izuku’s hair.

It now looked slicked back and black. Apparently, Toga had a large array of hair products and was more than happy to use them on Izuku (also changing Izuku’s fairly recognizable green curly head of hair was a priority to avoid reports).

He had on dark blue slacks with a slightly lighter shade of blue button-up shirt with small white polka dots. Coming from the slacks were brown suspenders that crossed in the back and a matching brown bow tie. Overall, Izuku was wearing something he had never worn before and probably would have never worn were it not for outside forces (Two individuals who had almost gotten into a fight about what his first outfit should be if he were going to go out with them and possibly more in the future).

But most notably was the mask on Izuku’s face, it was all white except for two black dots where eyes would be and a thin vertical line in the middle that seemed to be broken into two.

It was one that belonged to Mr.Compress.

“I wonder who’s behind the mask,” Dabi said teasingly.

“Ah yes! Quite a mystery indeed,” Mr.Compress replied with obvious enthusiasm. “But from now on, you can refer to him as my Little Assistant.”

While the others smiled and chuckled, Little Assitant brought a hand with black gloves to lift the mask revealing a slightly embarrassed freckled face. “Mr.Compress are you sure it’s okay if I used this mask, I know they mean a lot to you.”

Mr.Compress was quick to settle a reassuring hand on his arm, “Why of course, who better to wear it than someone who appreciates them as much as I do. None of these heathens” - he pointed to the other members of the LOV - “ have ever been so wonderfully kind to them like you have. So it is only fitting.”

With that Mr.Compress eased the mask down to cover Izuku’s face that had turned red from the compliment. Izuku was sure his face stayed red for while after they left through one of Kurogiri’s warp gates.

_____________

No one was able to hear Shouta’s footfalls as he made his way through the dorm hallways.

Dorms built for safety purposes and also to minimize the chance of another student possibly going missing, especially with the possibility that students go looking for their missing classmate. Although that was unlikely as the students had not been told the circumstances regarding their classmate's disappearance.

Though that did nothing to stop several of the students trying various times to sneak out at night with the task of finding their friend only to be stopped by Shouta every time since he knew better. It didn’t stop the various glances towards Izuku’s empty seat in class, the one that used to be Kirishima’s but the boy had refused to go back to sitting there. It didn’t stop the somber mood there was whenever the topic of quirk analysis came up and they did not hear the everpresent comforting mumbling that followed Izuku around like a warm blanket.

They missed him

Shouta looked at his phone and went to his contacts. He looked at the contact name Izuku.

He had recently found out something concerning about Izuku. Nedzu had told him about the boy being quirkless until the exam, the principal had even apologized for not telling him this before (something he rarely did).

It had made Shouta angry and disappointed that he was never told and that the part of the student file with Izuku’s quirk information was inaccurate (because when Shouta looked there was no information telling him that one of his students had been quirkless all their life until not so long ago). He wanted to be angry at Nedzu, but there was something about how the principal said it, how he looked that made him feel like maybe Nedzu didn’t have complete control over that information being shared. Shouta was sure that there was more to it, but he didn't push. He just hoped that eventually, he'd know, that the information could be shared with him.

Secrets could be good to keep. But too much can bear such weight. From what Shouta saw, Izuku was already struggling. He had been struggling for a long time.

It made him wish that they could already find Izuku, but there were no known locations of the league. Having someone with a warp quirk and being relatively hidden for what seemed like a long time made it difficult for the authorities to find them. Also, there were no reported sightings of Izuku anywhere.

He had talked more with Nedzu, about how Izuku was not a traitor even though other people could certainly suggest it. They had also talked about the little interaction they had seen in the video footage. The way the scarred man approached Izuku calmly and even seemed concerned. Going as far out as stealing medical supplies and gently grabbing his student’s hand. There was something more to it; that's the conclusion Shouta and Nedzu came to. Something odd but relatively something Shouta would actually prefer. He'd really prefer it if Izuku had a sort of friendly relationship with the LOV. He wasn't sure how such a relationship came to be, but he hoped there was one. Because that would mean Izuku was not completely alone amongst enemies or people who wanted to hurt him.

It would mean he was among friends.

Yes, friends who were villains but friends nonetheless.

Shouta wasn't ignorant to think such a thing was impossible. He was rather familiar with several instances that alliances and even odd friendships could occur between two people of seemingly opposing sides. It's happened throughout history (although sometimes there are people who try to hide their existences).

So who's to say it didn't happen with his studetn. If anything, that's one of the most likely people it could happen with.

The thought made him smile.

He looked at the contact of Izuku on his phone and pressed the chat option. He knew that nobody else had received any sort of response from the boy, but he still typed a message. A simple message saying that he hoped he was okay. He wanted to remind Izuku that he wasn’t alone and that there were people who cared.

With that hope that Izuku would see this message, he pressed send.

__

Izuku’s phone was turned off, barely used or on since being in the bar. But surely whenever the boy turned it back on and checked his notification, a certain Little Assistant would see a text from his sensei.
Notes:

    Yay Izuku is gonna go out and now has a new little identity. Sako’s familial vibes are really showing here.
    Link to see which mask Izuku is wearing. And what his outfit looks like. He is wearing black gloves with this and is without his necklace (since he wouldn’t want something bad happening to it and it’s recognizable)

    Izuku is very well aware of how his actions of going out with them aren’t exactly heroic but he would simply like to hang out and get out of the bar for a little bit. Also it might even be a lil fun, who knows.

    We got dorms at UA for student safety and also stop these kids from trying to go out looking for Izuku. They miss him and have not been told that he was ‘kidnapped’ by the league. And they won’t be told that cause they would totally try ten times harder to get out and find him if they thought the league was hurting him. Aizawa is very well aware of this. And he is now aware of Izuku’s past quirklessness (altho Nedzu did not tell him about OFA, that is a bit more complicated and I think Izuku deserves to have his say in letting people know). Aizawa though has come to the same conclusion that the LOV might be helping Izuku out which is a little odd to him but reassuring.(also not really surprised cause it’s Izuku for god’s sake)

    And yes Izuku has his phone but that thing is like barely used or even on since he doesn’t use it, he’s busy doing other stuff. Also, the bar has a phone jammer so it wouldn’t have been able to be tracked (come on they're the league of villains, they have some security).

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 30: "It's nice to meet you"
Summary:

    Little Assistant makes his debut.

Notes:

    Posted 10/14/21

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Unlike the serious meeting in an abandoned building that Izuku has envisioned, the ‘talking’ consisted of making multiple small stops and just asking some questions. The league simply wanted information and there were a lot of people willing to share it (of course for a price).

Izuku watched as different members each went to a previous contact they made and came back with another piece of information. Information that consisted of what new groups there were, any new drugs or absence of a drug, big arrests, and of course information about heroes as well. Dabi in particular had come back with information regarding Endeavor’s agency and recent ‘arrests’ he had done.

Another cool thing was how no one spared a glance at the Little Assistant. After all, it was completely normal where they were. Everywhere else they looked there were people with various masks or things that made them look suspicious.

So the Little Assistant fit right in.
__

At one of the stops, Shigaraki came out agitated. Izuku could see his fingers twitching like he wanted to scratch at his neck again as he came up to the rest of the group. Before he could start to scratch, Izuku went to his side and nudged him slightly.

“What’s wrong?” he asked low enough that only Shigaraki and the rest of their group could hear.

Shigaraki huffed. “An annoying name keeps popping up. I can’t have one conversation without hearing the name Overhaul mentioned.”

Twice turned his head. “Do you want to set up a meeting with him, Boss? What kind of name is Overhaul?”

Shigaraki shook his head and gestured for Toga who stood beside Izuku to speak. The girl smiled. “We decided not to meet up with him even if his name keeps coming up. There have been a few times where people said Overhaul ended up killing someone during those meetings. I don’t wanna work with someone like that and what if one of you guys got hurt!”

“I don’t want to take a chance of one of our members getting killed,” Shigaraki said. “We don’t have enough information about the bastard to have a meeting so instead we get information about him and other news.”

“Sounds good to me! Let Overhaul kill the kid!”

Toga looped an arm with Izuku before taking out a knife and twirling it around her fingers. She looked relaxed but even behind a mask, Izuku could tell the girl was ready to make any move needed.

In a sweet voice, she spoke. “If he tried to kill Little Assistant I’ll just cut him. I don’t think we’d like it very much if Little Assistant died, right?”

Izuku felt an odd feeling when he saw the various nods of agreement and cruel smiles that appeared on the others' faces. Faces that obviously promised pain for those that made them look that way.

He shouldn’t feel so touched by the clear implications, but he was.

Then as quick as those faces appeared, they disappeared with Dabi’s declaration that now that they had gotten what they came for “it was time for some fun”.

__________

“I don’t think Dabi is exactly having fun,” Twice said to Little Assistant as they heard the man yelling a surprising amount of obscenities. They watched the car he was in with Spinner driving spin out of control for a few moments before going back in a straight line again. “How did he get in the car again exactly?”

Twice looked at how Little Assistant looked away from the street that now had one less working street light and up at him. The two dots on the mask inexplicably looked amused. “You pushed Dabi into the car yourself, Twice. And promised to take measurements of Spinner for a new jacket if he drove off once you got him inside,” the masked kid replied.

Twice stared back at the kid sitting beside him on the bench for a few moments before laughing. “Oh right, I did!”

Then they went back to watching the car do donuts while the others went to get food, seeming to forget that leaving Twice, Spinner, Dabi, and Little Assistant together was probably not the best idea.

Although Twice was enjoying Little Assistant’s company. The kid seemed to be having fun and still was not at all bothered by his contradicting commentary and at times various threats.

It was nice.
___

Dabi looked pale when he stepped out of the car while Spinner cackled.

“I’ll fucking kill you Twice. I’ll set you on fire the moment that the world stops spinning and I don’t feel like I’m going to have a heart attack,” Dabi threatened while hunched over leaning against a light pole near the bench.

“Oh come on, it wasn’t that bad!” Spinner called out from the car. “I bet the little dude would do just fine being in the car with me. He’d probably appreciate that this is a freaking manual car!”

Before Dabi could reply (even though he might have not been able to), the masked kid seemed to perk up.

“It’s stick shift?” he seemed to ask, raising his head as if to get a better view of inside the car.

At that question, a big smile took up Spinner’s face. “Yeah! You wanna come inside and check it out while I drive?”

Dabi seemed to collapse a few inches upon hearing the proposition. “Princess I really don’t think you shou-”

“Yes!”

Dabi watched with horror as their new Little Assistant was practically jumping as they got into that death trap with Spinner.
__

“Ah. I believe we forgot who exactly we were leaving behind together,” Sako said when they came back with food.

Magne, Shigaraki, and Toga watched as a car with Midoriya in the driver’s seat and Spinner in the passenger seat drove by them while Dabi was laying with an arm across his face on a bench feet away.

Toga giggled. “Spinner looked happy though!”

“Of course Spinner would be happy,” Shigaraki said. “It’s not all the time he gets to have someone drive him around and it's a manual car.”

“How do you know it’s a manual?” Magne asked, looking at him.

Shigaraki shrugged. “Cars is all he talks about when we play any racing video game and the models they have in the game are real cars. And Spinner really knows cars.”

__________

In their next outing it is decided that Spinner, Little Assistant, and cars should not be left to their own devices.

Which was how Little Assistant and Toga ended up ‘shopping’. The whole time Toga had to keep reassuring the masked boy that they were not stealing from a small business or family-owned store but instead one store among thousands that the company had all over the place.

In the end, he had some more clothes that Toga was particularly excited for him to have and Toga got Shigaraki a new hoodie. Also, Toga had managed to find herself a suit to wear too saying that they were now ‘matching’.

Although when the two of them came back to the bar with an obscene amount of knives along with the clothes, Shigaraki sighed. “Where did you get all those knives?”

“I took Izuku-kun to one of my favorite places!”

Shigaraki sighed louder while Spinner came up to them.

“Really!? I wanted to go to that place. You said that it’s like a shooting range but for knives and you can even compete with others. How’d the little dude do?”

At his question, Toga became even more excited while Izuku seemed to blush in embarrassment. The others listened closely to see what could have garnered such a reaction.

“Izuku-kun did really good! He ended up setting the new record but a lot of them meanies didn’t take that too well so they chased us out while throwing knives,” she said with a smile.

“Are you hurt?” Magne asked from her seat at the bar.

Toga shook her head. “No Izuku-kun caught all the knives they threw without even showing his pretty green lightning!”

Several eyes looked at Izuku who only blushed even more, then they looked at the large pile of different knives on their bar counter. A pile of knives that this hero student managed to catch and stop from hitting him and Toga. All without showing the most identifiable part of his quirk.

They really shouldn’t be surprised anymore.

__________

The name Little Assistant became a bit more well-known after another incident involving a knife.

It was during a meeting in a restaurant that had started to get a bit heated.

Izuku as usual simply observed while beside one of the others. He took mental notes on possible quirks and details about each person. And it was because of that, that he noticed when one of the ‘waiters’ to the side of the room that was poorly lit had taken out a knife. Then he saw the exact moment that person threw the knife right at Mr.Compress who was a few feet in front of him.

Without a moment’s hesitation, Izuku had grabbed one of the metal serving trays at the table he stood by and he placed that tray right in the path of the knife.

There was a loud thud sound when the knife embedded itself into the tray, the hilt of it preventing it from getting through and to Mr.Compress’s side which was only a few inches behind the tray.

It was at this moment that Izuku noted that it was dead silent and everyone was looking at him. Nevermore had he been thankful for the mask he had on which hid his expression. But even though all attention was on him he said nothing. He just took the knife out of the tray and put it in his pocket before placing the tray back on the table. Then he just waited.

What would happen? Will there be a fight, is someone else going to throw another knife? Did Mr.Compress want me to do that, is he mad that I interfered? I just didn’t want him to get hurt. Are the others ma-

The sensation of a gentle pat on the head got him out of his thoughts and he looked up to see that Mr.Compress had been the one to place their hand on his head. “Why thank you, Little Assistant.”

Mr.Compress looked back at Shigaraki and the man he had been talking to. That man looked nervously at Shigaraki who had yet to do anything.

“I think it would be best to just tell me what I asked for unless you’d like to address what just happened,” Shigaraki said.

__

Less than a minute later, all of them were outside again while Shigaraki seemed relatively pleased with himself.

As they were walking Spinner came up beside Izuku. “Nice going dude.”

Izuku nodded and saw a curious expression appear on Spinner’s face. “Did you have to take their knife?”

“He tried to throw it at Mr.Compress,” Izuku said as if that fact had offended him. “It’s free real estate.”

“Huh, I guess so,” Spinner said while Dabi laughed.

____________

Along with the proficiency related to knives and dancing, there was another skill that showed up during one of these outings.

“It looks like he’s turning to the dark side, Kurogiri will be so disappointed,” Dabi teased while even with a mask on Izuku looked particularly stressed out about the wallet he held in his hands that did not belong to him.

Izuku sputtered. “I didn’t mean to, I swear!” He said because he did, in fact, not mean to pickpocket someone and only realized he did so when Twice pointed out what he had in his hand.

Dabi laughed. “Didn’t mean to, oh that’s good!”

“But it’s the truth!”

“Well whatever it is, congratulations you are now” - Dabi grabbed the wallet and looked at the money inside - “50 dollars richer.” Then he handed back the wallet back to Izuku but Izuku simply stared at the wallet with his head hunched over.

Shigaraki sighed before taking off a glove and grabbing the wallet.

“There. Now there’s no evidence you committed a crime,” he said as dust fell onto the street.

The others laughed as Izuku was now staring at the decayed wallet on the ground and said quietly “That’s even worse.”
Notes:

    Whenever I think of villains and stuff I always imagine a series of jobs and stalls and things where shady people go for information and items. So I thought it would be nice if they had to make various stops and different types of places and some are like simple shops and restaurants that seem like such a normal thing. Also, not everyone who isn’t ‘good’ is totally evil. Some are people who just have their own business that pretty much anyone is accepted as long as they are discrete.

    Spinner is a menace about cars and totally taught Izuku some stuff while he was in the car and then let him give it a try. The two of them just had a fun old time while Dabi was trying to catch his breath. Twice is an agent of chaos. *the fun stuff with cars and Izuku was inspired by the motorcycle scene in the work that inspired this fic but also by the stick shift car my family owns and the shit my dad liked to pull when he drove them!

    Shigaraki is a good listener and takes note.

    Toga in a suit! And her saying fuck the big companies we only steal from you! You cannot tell me Toga wouldn’t know a place to just go nuts about Knives and be able to have a throwing knife competition and shit. Like that place sounds fun and given vestige stuff Izuku just ended up doing really good. And Izuku has been in an environment that didn’t put too much pressure regarding his quirk so I think that he was doing better with output and use of his quirk which meant no lightning since that is pretty identifiable.

    Thrown knives = It’s free real estate. Probably after that, there were some whispers about the Little Assistant who liked to play with knives. Also, no way was Izuku about to let Mr.Compress or one of the others get hurt if he could stop it.

    Oop another vestige skill and it’s pickpocketing...I wonder who that belongs to ;p
    Decay item = no evidence of the crime of theft.

     Oh and the hoodie Toga got for Shigaraki is totally one of those gamer joke hoodies.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

Chapter 31: Piggyback rides
Summary:

    Things slip through the cracks.

Notes:

    Posted 10/31/21 HAPPY HALLOWEEN

    warning: some reference to bullying and All Might's thinking

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Izuku would have to be ashamed of himself if he couldn’t connect the dots together after following Dabi into a building that belonged to Endeavor. Much less how Dabi looked at the ball of blue flames in his hands and back up at the photo of Endeavor that was on the wall.

He wondered if the others had the same thought he did.

“Hey, are you coming down or not?” Shigaraki called from below in the alley and Izuku was reminded that there were in fact trying to get out of the building via the window. More specifically, scaling down the side of the building that had some not-so-stable footholds.

Well actually completely unstable, Izuku thought as he felt himself fall after grabbing a foothold that gave out on him. He was ready to hit the ground and possibly break a bone except he didn’t. Instead, he ended up hitting something softer and when he opened his eyes, he saw Shigaraki looking down at him.

Shigaraki caught him.

The mask hid the wide-eyed expression of Izuku but not the words that came out of his mouth. “You’re strong,” he said absentmindedly.

Then from up above, there was a snicker as Dabi was making his way out of the window and to the first foothold. “Oh, he is? I thought he was a bag of dusty bones underneath that hoodie of his,” the flame user said while sending an amused smile at them.

Izuku could feel the annoyance settling into Shigaraki as it usually did when Dabi decided to mess around with him. But before Shigaraki could respond, the foothold Dabi stepped on gave way-mid transition and he started to fall just like Izuku had.

The next thing anyone knew, was that Izuku had slipped out of Shigaraki’s hold. He seemed to jump up to the wall of the building on the other side of the alley before pushing off and launching himself in the air at just the right spot to catch Dabi before hitting the other building and jumping back down to the floor. He landed with his knees bent and skin glowing but no lightning. His hair was slightly in disarray. In Izuku’s arms was a shocked Dabi. The man was in fact the same position from which Izuku had gotten the nickname ‘Princess’.

It was silent as Dabi looked up at Izuku’s masked face before looking at Shigaraki who had an odd expression on his face.

Dabi smirked. “Oh, you’re just jealous someone so small was able to catch me when you would have dropped me with your skinny-ass arms.”

Shigaraki’s annoyed grumbling could be heard in the alley clearly as he turned away and walked out. Izuku watched him leave and looked back down at Dabi who hadn’t made any move to get out of his arms.

“What?” Dabi asked, still not moving from Izuku’s hold.

“Nothing,” Izuku replied.

Then Izuku started walking back out to the street while carrying Dabi in his arms, the young man not at all protesting. Even when they met up with the others who were waiting on the sidewalk and they stare at the two of them a bit. Dabi still didn’t move and Izuku honestly didn’t mind.

Five minutes later…

“Dabi, do you want to move to my back instead?”

“Sure.”

The others didn’t say anything when they made the transition and Toga only took a photo once Dabi was comfortably settled on Izuku’s back. His head rested on top of Izuku’s masked face while his arms were draped over his shoulders. Izku supported the back of his thighs and didn’t seem to falter under the weight or position.

They just kept walking.
___

“Hey, Princess,” Dabi said while his head still sat on top of Izuku’s.

“Yeah?”

“What are you planning to do?”

“What do you mean?” Izuku asked.

One of Dabi’s hands poked at Izuku’s chest. “I mean about the future. You still want to be a hero, right?”

“Yes.”

“What type?” Dabi asked. “Underground, daylight, analytics, rescue?”

Izuku hummed.

What type of hero did he want to be?

He had always thought of the daylight heroes when he was little and those were the ones All Might would talk about with him.

It used to be fun listening to him.

That is-until the man only spoke about how Izuku would be the perfect daylight hero. Izuku followed long because he didn’t really feel as if he had a choice. But the idea of being in public with so many eyes on him...Most likely in the media with reporters, speculations, and expectations.

That always made him feel like another weight was being tied to him.

A weight that felt more and more real and heavy after one day, he brought up underground heroes to All Might. He wanted his mentor’s opinion on some things that Aizawa-sensei had told them about that type of hero work and how it was different. Izuku wanted to hear his mento praise the type of hero work that Izuku actually felt like he had a connection with.

Except he didn’t.

In fact, All Might had only applauded those heroes for about two sentences before comparing it to daylight hero work. Before telling Izuku tips about keeping up a smile in front of the crowds and not letting villains grab a hostage from the nearby ‘spectators’.

Not once did the man tell him how he could have been good in the underground hero field. He probably wouldn’t even think about the other types.

Izuku readjusted his grip on Dabi’s legs. “I don’t think I have much choice when it comes to type.”

“Why not?” Dabi asked and Izuku could feel how they had tilted their head.

“I just never do.”
___

“Izuku-kun, can you carry me next please?” Toga asked as she walked in front of them backwards. She had been talking to them for a while now while Dabi continued to look like a pleased cat being carried.

About 5 minutes later Toga was happily smiling while she hugged Izuku’s neck and had her legs crossed in the front. Meanwhile, Dabi was nursing a small cut he had gotten when he decided to tease Toga.

Dabi narrowed his eyes at the two teens. “You two are like little knife gremlins or something, I swear.”

Toga giggled while her head rested on Izuku’s shoulder next to his face and she stuck her tongue out.

Dabi gave her the middle finger in return.

Once Dabi went up ahead to go bother Shigaraki, Toga was calm and humming. The whole time she made sure to hug Izuku tight. The pressure felt nice.

She stayed there until she noticed how Twice continued to glance back at them with a sad expression and she whispered something into Izuku’s ear. A second later, Toga was hopping off of Izuku’s back and then running towards Twice. When she jumped at him, Twice got into the stance to catch her before twirling her around. But once her feet were on the ground, she dragged Twice towards Izuku so he could also get a piggyback ride.

When the man was settled, he looked down at Izuku in worry.

“Are you sure it’s okay? I’m bigger than Toga and Dabi. Don’t put me down!”

At the question, Izuku laughed and he hefted Twice up. “It’s fine Twice. You guys aren’t really heavy and this is actually good exercise for me. It’s fun too.”

“It’s fun for you?”

“Well yeah. Why would giving my friends a piggyback ride not be fun?” Izuku asked confused.

He was fine carrying them and he liked it. He remembered the time where he saw a father carrying their child or when the kids in middle school would try to pick each other up and chase their friend around the playground. He always thought it looked fun and he wanted to have a friend so that he could give something as dumb as a piggyback ride.

He could have done that at UA, but it was hard. He still remembered the faces of disgust when he asked someone if he could be carried next or if they wanted him to pick them up instead. He remembered their words of how “Why would we want something disgusting like you to touch us? I bet you couldn’t carry us with your messed-up body.”

There was a lot of things Izuku wanted to do with his friends at UA but didn’t even know how to suggest it. Whenever he tried to or thought about it, there was an uncomfortable sensation in his gut and those memories popped up.

The sting of rejection was very much fresh in his mind.

Izuku hadn’t noticed how silent he had gotten until Twice used a finger to tap the side of his mask gently.

“This is fun for me too,” the man said. “You’re a fun little dude. A little scary too, but aren’t we all?”

Izuku laughed and kept on walking.

_______________

It’s late. Was the thought Tomura had when he saw Midoriya let down Twice. It was that along with another odd thought that was the reason he was crouching in front of Midoriya, showing his back to the kid.

“Get on before I change my mind,” he said when Midoriya had yet to say anything.

The next moment, Tomura felt Midoriya get on. Two arms looped loosely around his neck and Tomura felt how Midoriya rested his chin on their shoulder. He secured his gloved grip on Midoriya’s legs before standing up straight.

A small smile appeared when he heard the little giggle Midoriya let out at the action.

Tomura was glad he decided to go out without the hands that day.
___

After a few more minutes of walking and not hearing much from Midoriya, Tomura tapped his fingers on one of the kid’s legs. “Don’t fall asleep there.”

The arms around his neck tightened. “I couldn’t even if I tried.”

“Why not?”

“It’s called insomnia, it decides when I get to sleep, not me,” Midoriya mumbled back in response.

Surprisingly, Tomura couldn’t exactly relate, he didn’t have insomnia. He didn’t really have trouble sleeping. Even as a kid it came easy. You’d think he would but he didn’t. Instead, Midoriya, a hero student did. He’d seen it first hand with how the kid was still awake talking to Kurogiri after everyone else had gone to sleep and how he was still there before the sun even rose.

“But aren’t you tired,” Tomura asked, thinking about the kid’s dark circles and how there seemed to be something dragging the kid down.

Tomura felt Midoriya take a deep breath before letting it out. “I’m always tired,” they said quietly but he could hear it loud and clear. He could hear the exhaustion and resignation.

He was once again reminded about how there were things going on inside the teen’s head that he didn’t fully understand. Things that were scary and concerning to think about too much. He still remembered how uncaring they had been before they had gotten close. Tomura secured his grip on Midoriya’s legs.

Sometimes it feels like he’s slipping away.

Tomura made sure to keep him secure as they walked to the location Kurogiri was supposed to open a warp gate at in a few minutes.
___

A little bit before they would reach the spot, Spinner came up beside him.

“Compress texted that Kurogiri would open the gate in about 5 minutes,” Spinner said and looked at Midoriya on Shigaraki’s back. “I think he’s asleep boss.”

“If he is, just let him sleep,” Tomura responded knowing that even though it might have not been a deep sleep it was important for Midoriya to get some rest.

“Oh right,” Spinner said. "He has trouble with that. There’s been a couple of nights that the little dude just stays up all night.”

“Yeah. Kurogiri spends time with him on those nights.”

Spinner nodded and kept walking beside him. They could see Magne talking to Dabi as Toga and Twice chased each other around the empty street.

Tomura heard Spinner chuckle. “It’s funny, the little dude gets to go behind the bar and he gets carried by you.” - the scaled man looked at Tomura - "I gotta say, I’m jealous boss.”

Tomura snorted. “As if I could carry you.”

Spinner shrugged with a smirk. “You’ll never know until you give it a try.”

Tomura stopped walking and so did Spinner who looked confused. “Spinner, you’re all muscle,” Tomura pointed out, giving a deadpan expression.

A stupefied look appeared on Spinner’s face. “Was that a compliment?”

“Tch.” Tomura turned his face away and started to walk again.

Spinner skipped a few steps to catch up to him. “Oh come on boss!” they said with a smirk. “I’m touched, honestly if you wanted, I could carry you right now since I have all this muscle.”

The scaled man wouldn’t stop smiling at Tomura’s grumbling. And the fact that he was holding a sleeping person meant that Spinner could continue to tease without the threat of being hit or possibly decayed (something Spinner was completely taking advantage of).

Tomura could feel the heat of his flushed face at all the teasing and he stopped again, sending a glare at the man. “Iguchi, I swear if you don’t stop, I’ll throw you across a room once I get my hands free,” he threatened.

Because it was a threat, Tomura was completely thrown off by the blush that appeared on Spinner’s face.

Why was he blushin-

“Hey! Are you two gonna move or what? The warp gate already opened, come on.”

Both Spinner and Tomura were startled and saw that Dabi was calling to them. His body was sticking halfway out of the warp gate that was at the entrance of an abandoned building up ahead.

Spinner coughed, the flush still there on his cheeks. “Ah right. Let’s go boss!” he said before quickly walking away.
___

Tomura let out a sigh once he stepped through the warp gate and back into the bar. Magne was already sitting at the bar counter talking to Kurogiri while Dabi was poking at Spinner who kept trying to hit him.

“Alright, we’re here,” Tomura said directed at Midoriya.

…

Tomura tried to look to the side at Midoriya, but couldn’t get a clear view. He looked over to Sako who nodded before coming up to him and gently removing Midoriya’s mask.

A huff of amusement left the magician. “Our little assistant seems to have fallen asleep.”

With the mask off, Shigaraki could feel Midoriya’s breath at his shoulder. He smiled.

Knowing how it could be difficult maneuvering Midoriya. Magne was the one to extricate him off Shigaraki (luckily the boy didn’t have anything in his grip or Shigaraki would have been stuck with a human bookbag) and she settled him next to Dabi on the couch. She smiled when she saw how Midoriya seemed to instinctively burrow himself into the couch cushion and Dabi.

Dabi turned his head and poked Midoriya’s cheek. “Hey, don’t you have those nice gloves for your hands? Why do you need to dig into me like a parasite?”

Midoriya grumbled before replying. “You’re still warm.”

“And you’re a spoiled princess,” Dabi quipped back.

“Hmp,” was the kid’s reply.

Before Midoriya could fall back asleep, Twice came over and also tapped him in the cheek. One green eye opened to look at the man who was in front of him.

“I want you to call me Jin,” the masked man said bluntly.

The others smiled at Jin’s request and shook their head when Toga quickly hopped to Jin’s said while saying she wanted Midoriya to call her Himiko. It was nice when they heard a pleased hum come from the boy.

“I want you to call me Izuku,” he mumbled.

Everyone paused to looked at each other.

Toga was smiling ear to ear while Dabi looked at the boy at his side with a surprised face. Magne smiled while Spinner slapped Shigaraki on the back and Sako looked pleased while running his fingers through his hair at the bar.

They all turned at the sound of a chuckle coming from the bar. Kurogiri put down a clean cup before looking in the boy’s directions with eyes shaped in a way that made it look like he was smiling. “Alright, Izuku.”
Notes:

    Dabi isn’t exactly the best at hiding his connections with a certain dickdeavor XD and they should probably fix up that building considering two people feel while trying to climb down the side of it. Izuku will always be impressed with people’s strength and quick to keep others from getting hurt. Dabi being carried like a princess -hell yeah he wouldn’t move. And he would totally make sure to take the offer of a piggyback ride (do you think he used to give piggyback rides to his siblings?) Also, Izuku is hella strong to piggyback rides for everyone.

    I don’t think All Might looks down on other heroes, but he’s pretty ignorant of the work they do and of course, he’s biased towards his own type of heroics. And considering the way that he is molding Izuku to be the next ‘him’, he hadn’t even considered if Izuku were to be a different type of hero.

    Oof, I really did slide some sadness in the piggyback rides. But I think it’s fitting since piggyback rides or just being physically close can be a somewhat vulnerable/ Intimate situation. Physically close = emotionally close ← was basically my thinking lol. But yeah, have some sadness along with the fluff cause it’s a great combo and Izuku is one depressed kid. Also, I am reiterating the theme of him not really having a choice (no choice in having his parents as his parents, being quirkless, being treated badly, and the decisions being made for him involving him as the ninth holder of ofa). Also I wish I could draw the image in my head of them on Izuku. Like Dabi legit looks like a smug cat with his head on top and arms just draped over, toga is just hugging Izuku, Twice is just having a good time and a lil excited, and Izuku on tomura is like carrying a tired kid back home.

    Oh, I think Tomura actually sleeps well considering that in this case afo is not so evily and kurogiri is more parental.

    I just think Spinner and Tomura are neat. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

    And finally, he wants them to refer to him as Izuku. A sign of being close but also not warning to have the name ‘Midoriya’ since it reminds him of his mom (who we def don;t stan)

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter and Happy Halloween to those who celebrate it!

Chapter 32: Humans are faulty creatures
Summary:

    Even ghosts make mistakes.

Notes:

    Posted 11/14/21

    Warnings: depressive thoughts, thoughts/references to suicide *no attempts

    Oof this chapter is a long one +4,000 words.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Amused was the best way to describe the feeling that All for One was experiencing.

Who would have thought that the quirkless boy All Might chose to be the Ninth holder of OFA would be so proficient as the Little Assistant? Even garnering a reputation that had to do with being nicely dressed and skillful with a knife. It reminded him of someone he used to know a long time ago.

But this was just one aspect of the boy that drew his attention.

He wanted to talk to him
___

He waited until Midoriya had washed up and was in new clothes. It was amusing to see the clear change in his style of clothing due to his student’s fellow members.

And when he saw that his student walked by, he spoke. “Tomura, I’d like to speak to our guest.”

There was some silence before Midoriya changed his seat to be closer to the television they would be speaking from.

“Hello Midoriya, I’m To-”

“It’s Izuku actually,” the boy said, cutting him off.

All for One didn’t remember the last time that someone had interrupted him. But instead of anger, he felt amusement. The boy was truly an interesting character

“I apologize Izuku. I’m Tomura’s Sensei,” he said. “I’ve been listening in for a while since you’ve come here. I was wondering how it’s been for you, staying here.”

“It’s good company,” Izuku replied.

All for One laughed.
___

15 minutes later, Dabi slid into the seat next to Shigaraki. “Should we be concerned?”

Shigaraki didn’t even look at Dabi and simply continued to stare at Izuku as the boy waved his hands around while speaking to the television. He could hear what sounded like the enthusiastic voice of his Sensei.

“They-they just started off asking about his opinion on a new hero and now Izuku is talking about loopholes in the laws,” Shigaraki said disbelievingly. “He’s made Sensei laugh 5 times already.”

Dabi smiled. “Izuku does get really excited about quirks, theories and knows a lot. Your Sensei is pretty old isn’t he?”

Shigaraki nodded. “Yeah, he knows a lot.”

“Well then to me, this” - Dabi gestured to Izuku still talking animatedly to the television - “Isn’t really that surprising is it?”

“I guess not,” Shigaraki said dumbly.

_____________

While in the grey space, there isn’t much to do.

Sometimes the vestiges weren’t even there, but when they were, they could see and hear bits and pieces. Sometimes, they even had a clear view of what the Ninth was doing.

They could hear what he heard.

They heard a familiar voice.

A few of the holders simply turned their heads, as if to hear it better. They were the First, Second, Third, and Fourth.

But the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth froze. That voice reminded them of their deaths and fights that had caused so much damage. A surge of anger and sadness accompanied the memories.

Along with those emotions, also came confusion. Almost every past holder felt a bit confused.

Confused at the fact, that they could hear someone who was clearly All for One having a civil conversation with the Ninth. The Ninth, who they could feel was excited as he spoke about quirks, laws, and effects of combinations of the two in the future.

They couldn’t feel a single ounce of fear coming from the boy.

The Seventh holder, Nana Shimura turned towards En, the Sixth holder. “Does he not know?” she asked.

“Did the Eighth not tell him?” was the question En shot back at her quietly.

Before she could even reply, Banjo the Fifth holder huffed in frustration. “All for One knows he’s the next holder. He’s going to get killed.”

The Second came up to Banjo. “But he’s getting better. Making him leave could-”

“We can’t leave him with the man who killed us!”
___

Izuku felt a headache after saying goodbye to Sensei. He was walking towards the couch when he stumbled into Jin.

“Woah kid, watch your step. I should have let you fall on your face.”

“Sorry, just have a headache,” Izuku mumbled before letting Jin lead him to the couch.

When Izuku was sitting Jin backed up. “I’ll get you some water if you have a headache.”

A few moments later, when Jin came back with a glass in hand he saw that Izuku was sleeping on the couch. Huh, guess he just needed a nap.
___

“It’s not that simple though!” the Second yelled.

Nana couldn’t keep her mouth shut any longer with her growing frustration. “Then explain Sora! Tell us how that isn’t the right explanation!”

Nana could see the cloud of ink that was always on Sora’s skin moving around their neck. It seemed to be more frantic and as if frustrated itself while Sora prepared to say something. But Sora never got a chance because suddenly a soft voice cut through the grey place and tension.

“What’s wrong?”

All the vestiges turned to look at the Ninth, Izuku standing there. His voice was clear with worry and his eyes flitted to each of them, confusion on his face. They knew they looked clearer now, but the First was off to the side silent just as the vestige of the Eighth holder was as well.

Sora was quick to be the one to go up to Izuku.

“Well Ninth, the person you were just talking to is someone we know, someone we’ve known for a long time.”

“Who?”

“All for One,” Nana called out.

When she had said that, she saw a look of realization cross Izuku’s face before he spoke. “All Might told me about him, about how he was a supervillain. Someone he killed seven years ago.”

Izuku looked upset.

Banjo cut in and walked closer to Ninth. “Well, he didn’t die since you just talked to him. This means he knows you’re the Ninth and you’re in danger. He’s going to kill you trying to get One for All.”

At Banjo’s words, Nana also came closer to the green-haired boy. Her face was strained when she spoke. “Izuku, it’s not safe to stay, he’s killed all of us an-”

“Agh! That’s not the whole story!” Sora yelled, cutting the others off and making Izuku jump back startled.

At the sudden outburst, the greyness around them all shifted and their auras started to move frantically. Sora’s gray moved as much as the ink cloud on their skin. The First and Eight seemed to be frozen. Banjo’s red darkened as he grumbled. En’s light blue seemed to fade in and out, while Nana’s black darkened even further.

En took a step forward towards Sora. “What else is there to know?” he asked. “He wants his quirk back.”

Banjo removed his goggles and scratch his head. “The Ninth can’t stay here, he’ll get killed.”

“Bu-”

“All for One is his enemy. With One for All he’s bound to end up fighting him," Nana told Sora.

“Does it have to be that way?” Izuku asked and once again it became quiet as all heads looked at him. Although the boy’s eyes were looking down.

Nana sighed and her face softened. “That’s how it’s been for two centuries.”

None of them liked how Izuku’s face darkened.

“But does it have to be the same with me?” he asked with a voice that sounded cold. “He hasn’t killed me. Have you talked to him? Have you ever had a civil conversation with him? Why does it always have to be fighting?”

Izuku looked up at them and they were all taken aback by the harshness in his face.

They saw his face twist as he brought up a hand to grip at his hair. “Why do I always have to fight?”

They made a mistake.

The vestiges could feel a heaviness settling down on them, a pressure that made it hard to move from their spots while at the same time, making it difficult to feel anchored to the grey place.

“Nin-Izuku please,” a few of them began to say, lifting their hands to reach him. But all the boy did was grip his hair tighter and they watched as parts of his body turned into smoke. The swirls of grey mist that always surrounded them seemed to look frantic as black seeped in.

Izuku faded away without them being able to fix what they had said.

_________________

When Izuku woke up, it was uneventful. There were no tears, no screams like when he had a nightmare and it had him gasping for air. Instead, he just opened his eyes and saw the cup of water that was set on the table in front of the couch.

Right, Jin was getting me water.

He didn’t drink it.

Instead, Izuku thought about the words he heard.

He remembered the story All Might told him about a man named All for One. He remembered being told the history of the quirk he was given and how there was an ‘evil man that had killed all the past holders to get the quirk back that originally belonged to him. Izuku remembered how those words made the weight of being All Might’s successor even heavier than before and all he could do was smile. There had been some relief when All Might told him that the man was dead.

But now…

Apparently, he was alive.

Apparently, All for One was the man he had spoken to for more than 15 minutes about topics he had only dreamed of being able to talk about with All Might or his friends. He had been so excited to talk about how quirks held back scientific innovations like space travel, how people without quirks weren’t even taken into consideration in regards to laws anymore; about how laws were becoming too contradictory to the state of society and how people were starting to rely on them too much.

It was a conversation that All for One had told him he enjoyed and hoped to have another one soon. Something that Izuku had been looking forward to until his head felt odd and he found himself in the midst of an argument in the grey place.

Until he had been told he was destined to fight All for One because he had this quirk.

Did All Might not know the man was still alive? Did he lie? Or was he just that ignorant and maybe even lying to himself?

It hurt to think about.

The bar was quiet, he could hear some yelling from one of the rooms. It sounded like the others (Spinner and Dabi) were messing around with Shigaraki again. The thought made a small smile appear, but it didn’t stay for long. Izuku was tired of faking smiles . He turned his head to look at the television where he had been able to talk to All for One through.

He looked around at the rest of the bar. The booths where Shigaraki had drawn him a far-away city and Magne taught them how to massage their hands, the countertop where he first drank Kurogiri’s tea and fell asleep while messing with Shigaraki’s hair.

Izuku took a good long look at it.

I don’t want to leave.

_______________

The others were caught up with the fight going on between Dabi and Shigaraki that they didn’t notice at first the difference in Izuku. The flames that shot up in the air and laughter were distracting enough.

Except Toga was good at reading rooms, practice from her time at home to know what mood her father or mother was in allowed her to practice the skill regularly. So she noticed how silent Izuku was unlike before.

He’s sad again.
___

When they went out again, the mask Izuku wore hid the blank expression he had. But still, Toga glanced worriedly at him. She even made sure to promise that she would let him braid her hair back at the bar when he left him with Mr.Compress.

The two of them were to wait on the roof while the others had business to take care of in the floors below them. When Izuku had asked Magne what it was about, she told him it would be best if they didn’t tell him.

Izuku couldn’t exactly have argued with that.

So there he was waiting on a roof with Mr.Compress. Their masks were taken off to enjoy the breeze, but Izuku wasn’t focused on that.

Instead, he was thinking about the roof he was on with All Might. How the man said he couldn’t be a hero then left him. He thought about how he had leaned out until he saw those explosions in the distance. There was a sense of hopelessness he remembered and it made him think of the roof edges with red shoes set neatly beside each other on the.

This roof is a lot like that one.

He didn’t notice how he was leaning a little too far out to look over the edge.

_________________

Sako didn’t dare take his eyes of Izuku while on the roof.

Since a little after the boy’s talk with ‘Sensei’, the young hero seemed silent and dull. He was concerned especially when Toga had hugged him close and whispered her worries into his ear before she left to go with the others in the building. Though Toga was often seen to be insane, she picked up on how people felt relatively well. It was a skill that had helped Jin immensely on bad days several times already.

So Sako knew that Toga would tell the others her worries once they got away from Izuku. Although, most likely they already had an inkling that there had been a sudden change in the young hero’s demeanor.

When Izuku started to look over the edge of the building with his body leaning too forward, an uncomfortable sensation settled in his gut. He quickly walked over, ignoring how his heart was starting to beat faster and only seemed to settle when he got his hand on Izuku and pulled the boy into his side.

“Careful you could fall,” he said, making himself sound calm even though he felt anything but that.

It didn’t help that Izuku didn’t answer him and only gave a noncommittal hum. He felt how Izuku leaned into him and made sure to pull him closer to his side.

Sako didn’t let go of Izuku until the others came back and they had all warped back into the safety of the bar.

When he does, he looked at the others and saw their faces.

Toga told them.
___

Later that night it’s 2am when Tomura is playing Clouds Garden again that Izuku opened his room door wearing one of his hoodies that Toga stole for him. The kid didn’t say anything as he got on the bed and sat down next to Tomura where he was leaning against the wall and neither did Tomura.

He remembered Toga’s words and how Jin said, “I think he’s getting bad days like when I get those and it feels like I’m going to be torn in half. The Kid looks like he’s sinking.” When Shigaraki had asked what they should do, Jin had said to just be there for him.

So Tomura didn’t do anything to make Izuku leave his spot next to him and just let the kid watch him play like he usually did. It wasn’t until about 20 minutes later that something broke the silence.

“Can I call you Tomura?”

At Izuku’s voice, Tomura looked at his side, at how Izuku’s cheeks were squished against his arm and his eyes were still looking at the game console he was still holding. The kid has a tired blank face with dark circles underneath his eyes, but he was still awake.

So Tomura thought.

He thought about the concern the others and he had. How they cared. How he cared.

So the idea of Izuku calling him by his first name didn't bother him at all. In fact, it sounded nice.

“Sure Izuku.”

Tomura looked back at his game and he kept playing and Izuku stayed there beside him.

But Tomura did wonder why it’s when Izuku is down that he asked this question. Does he expect a no? Does he want something to tell him that they are close? What would have happened if I said no?
___

Tomura noticed how Izuku stayed in his room sitting next to him, watching him play all night. And while he was tired, he hadn’t wanted to leave Izuku alone.

________________

While the others were lounging about in their own spots, Izuku was on the couch looking at his messages on his phone.

He probably shouldn’t.

Seeing the messages from his classmates about him ‘missing’ didn’t help with the guilt. But he did stop when he saw a message from Aizawa-sensei.

- I hope you’re doing alright kid. I know you already have some help but I’m still worried. You’re missed but we’ll be waiting for you to come back when you’re ready. And know, I’m ready to help when you want me to (along with a list of others). Stay safe -

He’s staring at the message when Dabi sat down and slung an arm around him. The flame user leaned in and looked at the phone screen.

“You gonna response Princess?”

“I want to,” Izuku said. He goes silent again and managed to shuffle himself deeper into Dabi’s side (Dabi lets him). When he’s settled, Izuku spoke again.

“Compared to my past teachers, Aizawa-sensei is good. He actually cares.”

The others perk up at the energy in Izuku’s voice he hasn’t shown for a bit.

“He’s Eraserhead, right?” Dabi asked.

Izuku nodded. “He’s an underground hero and practically fights quirkless which is why I’ve always looked up to him. He’s always going on about what's logical but he nice and pretty cool.”

From the other couch, Tomura agreed. “He’s cool.”

Izuku continued.”He seems kind of harsh but I could sort of tell a little that he cared, there was a difference compared to my last teachers. Then he actually tried to talk to me, he told me he cared and that he would listen. I-I was going to talk but…” Izuku thought about how he was going to speak only for the infirmary door to open and All Might with Recovery Girl to come inside. When that happened, his throat felt dry and he was uncomfortable speaking in front of them so he had just shut his mouth. After that, he just hadn’t been talkative.

“I didn’t talk to him for a while and when I did, I wasn’t sure what to say,” Izuku sighed. “I was vague, but even then, he didn’t push me. I liked that. People always push me, but he was willing to wait. I think he would have waited more if I didn’t wanna talk, that’s what made it easier to tell him something.”

“He sounds quite nice,” Mr.Compress said and Izuku smiled.

“He’s sort of funny too. He’s dealt with a lot of our class shenanigans but whenever he scolds us he actually looks amused. And he likes cats. I saw him feeding a few early one morning but I never told him.”
___

When Kurogiri heard that, there was a flickering image in his head.

It was four people on a roof, laughter, squeals of delight about something furry.

It’s quick but left a feeling of warmth behind. And that feeling stayed after Izuku finished talking about his teacher. He sounds like he cares about Izuku.

“-there’s a joke I heard that he’s like the dad of the class,” Izuku chucked a bit.

“Well he sounds impressive,” Sako said.

“Yeah he sounds cool,” Spinner added.

________________

As Shouta made his rounds again, his phone buzzed. When he looked at it, he sees it’s a message from Izuku.

-I’m okay Aizawa-sensei. Thank you -

_________________

The others had been happy to see Izuku a bit more lively after talking about his teacher, so they offered to let him come to a meeting they had planned with some people.

“They’re a new group, possible allies and I heard that they have some information I might be interested in,” Tomura had told the others and they were more than happy to see what it could be about.

So that was how Izuku with a phone call connected to Kurogiri at the bar was hanging in the back with Toga and Magne while Tomura and Spinner spoke to a group of four men. Dabi and Mr.Compress were off to the side, not too far away from Izuku. And Jin was up ahead to the left of where Tomura was.

It was supposed to be a neutral sort of meeting. Simple introductions.

Except it didn’t feel like that with how the men kept looking at Toga and Magne with sneers and at Spinner and Jin with disgust. Izuku didn’t like the look in their eyes.

He definitely didn’t like the comments they had started to make. It was clear that what they kept saying pissed Toumra off with how his hands started to twitch, but it was until one of them made a threat that the meeting became hostile.

Tomura took one step towards the two men who seemed to be in charge. Two identical twin men who even sneered the same way.

“What did you just say?” Tomura asked in a deadly tone and Izuku could see Spinner put his hand on the hilt of his sword.

The twins laughed and Izuku could have sworn he saw their eyes flash in gold.

Izuku spoke into the phone. “We should go Kurogiri.”

Kurogiri didn’t hesitate to open a warp gate at the designated coordinates while Toga and Magne got up from where they were sitting. Dabi spoke out to them while his eyes were on the four men and he himself had a look of anticipation. “Oh come on Princess,” the flame user said.

It made Izuku pause.

He knew that threats and ugly comments were probably nothing serious for the league... but there was a feeling he had.

A feeling that felt like a shock in his head when he saw Spinner turn around to look at them the same moment the twin on the right made something appear in their left hand.

Then one of the men ran forward with a knife to meet Jin head-on. Jin moved back to avoid the swipe of the knife but he suddenly was pulled forward by strings coming from the man’s fingers. He got pulled right into the path of the man’s knife.

Jin’s yell rang out as his blood splattered onto the ground and his mask tore, revealing a stapled forehead now marred with blood.

At that exact moment, the twin who had something in his left hand let the object hit the ground.

There was the sound of an explosion and a bright light before smoke filled up the room. It had an odd smell to it made the others start to cough.

Izuku’s head was ringing and he looked and saw that everyone was in different places. Jin was bleeding and coughing while Toga engaged in a knife fight with the man who had cut him. Mr.Compress was trying to bring Jin over to the warp gate. Magne and Dabi were fighting the other man who suddenly looked two times bigger although Izuku couldn’t see any blue flames. While Tomura had gone after the man who created the smoke.

But through the smoke, Izuku could still see the twin who had created something in his right hand after his eyes glinted gold.

They’re twins, their quirks have to be connected in some way. One created an object in their hand that caused an explosion with smoke. It smells like rotten eggs...hydrogen sulfide? And the other man created a similar object in his other hands. What could it d- Ignition!

The man was smiling.

He’s going to kill them.

Without hesitating, Izuku shot forward.

His target: the twin with the ignition device.

He didn't want the others to get hurt, he didn’t want them to get burned. He wanted them to be away from the smoke that’ll catch fire and explode at any second. He wanted them to get back. Suddenly, there was something shooting out of Izuku in swarms of black. They shot out in every direction and he saw these black things grab each one of the members of the league.

Izuku could feel like he had a hold on all of them as his foot made contact with the twin that had lifted their hand to throw the device at the ground. The man was pushed back and Izuku could have sworn he felt the man’s chest give in. He willed the black tendrils to go towards the warp gate that Kurogiri still had open.

Then just as he feels them moving towards the warp gate and Izuku pushed himself back off from the man’s chest, the device fell.

Izuku wasn’t far enough from the densest part of the smoke close when the device hit the floor and he felt the heat swallow him as he’s pushed by the force of the explosion into the warp gate right after the others just went in.

Eight people fell onto the wooden floor of the bar and rolled for a few feet while another body was thrown out above them hitting the floor and rolling into furniture before the warp gate closed. And with its closing, the black tendrils that had wrapped around them and pulled them to the gate retreated.

While getting up, Dabi coughed and rasped out, “Izuku, where’s Izuku?”

The others pushed themselves up with groans and looked up. They saw Izuku hunched over and writhing on the floor while the black tendrils wrapped around him and his singed clothing.

“Ah fuck. Fuck,” Tomura cursed, running towards Izuku while the other followed close behind. When they got close enough, one of the black tendrils hit them in the chest, pushing them back before going back to Izuku.

With the mask knocked off and on the floor, they could see Izuku’s eyes screwed shut and him gritting his teeth. They could see burned skin peeking through on his arms.

When Dabi tried to get closer to Izuku another tendril came back and pushed him away. “I can’t fucking get to him! What is that!?”

“I don’t know!”
___

Izuku wanted to scream even though the thought of that was painful, but not as painful as holding back the thing that was trying to get out. He didn’t know what it was, but it was something new, something that wanted out.

What if it hurts them? I can’t let it out if it’ll hurt them, Izuku thought because he was sure that he was back in the bar with the other, that they should be safe. But he was a danger to them, he didn’t want to hurt them.

But it hurt to hold back. It was like trying to bottle up his emotions when you’re already overflowing and Izuku was filled with emotions. He was drowning in them.

It didn’t help that the burns felt hot. The brightness of the explosion was too much like Bakugou’s and Izuku felt his body tense at the reminder. It hurt in his chest like everytime he was beaten and Bakugou pushed him down. The burn on his shoulder felt hot.

Izuku was starting to lose his breath to keep his grip secure on whatever the black tendrils were, but it was so hard.

Then there was a whisper in his ear. “Just let go.”

Izuku released his grip.
Notes:

    Alright, lots happening here.

    First and foremost I just want to say that with mental health there are so many ups and downs. Izuku as you can see throughout the story has experienced just that. He can be happy only to have moments where it feels horrible before going back up again then down once more. And that’s just how it can be. Of course, not everyone experiences that but that’s not to say no one does. Depression, anxiety has been something he’s had for years and will not easily go away and with it comes these ups and down like you’re on some roller coaster. I know it can be annoying to read it happen to people and it can be so annoying to actually experience it since you’re like “just be better already!” or “Again! Really?”. But that’s simply how it will be and I won’t change that. I say this in preparation for those that might be annoyed and also to just explain why I have written it this way. /nm and n (tone: not mad, neutral)

    All for One and Izuku finally get to talk. Of course, it delves into quirk theories and just stuff that Izuku is particularly enthusiastic about and AFO would probably know a lot about too. But alas our vestiges heard a familiar voice. With their pov they refer to each other with their names and the other vestige oc’s name -Sora- has been revealed, along with what their quirk involves. The vestiges are worried about AFO and his ‘reputation’ but OOoo it seems like there’s more to the story than the others think *the history of AFO and OFA is not the same as canon.

    The vestiges care about Izuku but they have their own thought and very strong ones regarding AFO. So in their worry, frustration, the ended up inadvertently putting another expectation on Izuku (which we all know he hates with a passion) ←- so that was their mistake which they are very well aware of given his reaction.

    Sako is one worried dude about his little Assistant and Toga my dear is also a concerned sis. Tomura is too, also while Tomura wouldn’t have said no, no matter if Izuku was down or not, he was curious as to why it was when he’s like that that Izuku asked. Tomura would like Izu to call him that name, a name that he had been able to make for himself that wasn’t tainted by the person who shared his last name. Although, he did miss the name Tenko (maybe he’d be able to use it again one day).

    Izu: I’m okay
    Also Izu: hello depressive episode

    The twin quirks is basically from the two-headed dragon in How to train your dragon. The gas is similar to Hydrogen sulfide which smells like rotten eggs and can explode. So one twin has a device that explodes and releases gas and the other twin creates a device that will ignite the gas and causes an explosion. The gas itself is harmful based on exposure to coughing was because of that. Those group of 4 dudes wanted to meet simply to kill some of Shiggy’s members since they are very much prejudiced (towards people like Jin, Magne, and Spinner) so they spread false info to get a meeting set up.

    And black tendrils? What could that be?

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 33: Curiosity killed the cat
Summary:

    Questions, there are a lot of questions.

Notes:

    Posted 12/8/21

    Warning: depressive thoughts, references to suicide, suicidal themes *no attempts.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

There’s a moment when Izuku’s body stilled and the blacked tendrils retreated, only to seemingly explode a moment later.

Everyone ducked as their vision was filled with black and the tendrils rushed out towards them before returning back to Izuku, seemingly inside of him. When they did, Izuku’s body suddenly slumped onto the ground. He didn’t move.

The silence that came with the sight of Izuku’s unmoving body was deafening.

Jin was the first one to move.

“No no no no no no no no nonononononono,” the man frantically said as he knelt down beside Izuku’s body. Everyone could see how Jin’s hands reached out to touch the kid but simply hovered, shaking. There was no attention paid to the blood dripping from the cut on his face. Jin’s eyes were simply on Izuku.

Then Jin’s hands reached into his hair, gripping it tightly. “I’m going to split. I’m going to split. I’m gonna spli-I can’t-I ca-Please move Izu-I don’t want to spli-”

He stopped when Toga grabbed his hands.

Her face was dead serious when she grabbed his hands and pulled them away from his hair. When they were grabbing her hand, she used her other hand to reach down to Izuku’s neck placing two fingers to check his pulse. When she felt the tell-tale sign of blood still pumping and the warmth of his skin she let out a sigh of relief and looked back at Jin. “Izuku-kun is just sleeping Jin. See look, he’s breathing.”

Jin looked back at Izuku and saw the way his body moved slightly with each breathe, never mind how shallow it seemed to be. When Toga squeezed his hand he looked back at her.

“Let’s get you cleaned up while Shiggy and Giri take care of Izuku-kun.”

When Jin nodded, they both got up and Toga led him away. Meanwhile, Kurogiri came forward to pick up Izuku since Tomura was missing his gloves and Dabi seemed hesitant to touch Izuku considering the heat he was giving off.

“Tomura, let’s go to the room,” Kurogiri said once he picked Izuku up and walked away.

Tomura followed him into his room where Kurogiri had set Izuku on his bed. Using scissors the warp user removed Izuku’s shirt to avoid aggravating any other injuries and burns. ”I think it would be best if we took Izuku to him, Tomura.”

Tomura scratched at his neck and looked anxiously at Izuku who had yet to move at all during the process and looked pale.

“Fine, just hurry up with the warp.”

______________

All for One had hoped it would be under better circumstances that he would have seen Izuku in person. Having the boy be presented to him, unconscious with burns while his student was to the side visibly anxious was not what he had in mind. However, he was quickly able to use one of the rare healing quirks he had stored to heal the burns and bruises on the boy. He felt thankful to the old woman who had given him the quirk before she had died.

“Is he going to be okay Sensei?” Tomura asked after seeing the burns disappear only to leave behind what looked like mildly irritated skin.

AFO placed a reassuring hand on the shoulder of his student. “He’s physically fine, but I don’t know why he’s not waking up yet. There were no major head or spinal injuries. I think we’ll just have to wait.”

Tomura nodded while Kurogiri opened a warp gate back to the bar.

Though, before they left, All for One touched Izuku’s head to double-check that indeed all injuries were healed to the best of his capabilities. He was pleased that there was nothing else but he paused when he heard a whispered: “Thank you”.

Not saying anything, Kurogiri walked away with Izuku in his arms. The three of them walked into the warp gate and disappeared, leaving a shocked All for One behind alone to ask a question to an empty room.

“Yoichi?”

________________

Izuku couldn’t seem to catch his breath.

When the explosion went off, he just wanted to leave, to pull the others away. He didn’t want anyone to burn. But then it had felt as if something exploded from his body trying to escape and he had tried to keep a grip until he had let go. There was still a sense of panic though that wouldn’t let him catch his bre-

“-ey, hey kid!”

Suddenly Izuku was looking up at a familiar grey smokey expanse. There’s someone in front of him with red surrounding them and goggles on their bald head. He’s smiling with an oddly concerned face, but Izuku remembered the upset face the man had the last time they had spoken.

“Hey, kid! It’s okay, you’re not dying or anything, just panicking. Probably having an anxiety attack right, yeah?”

Izuku eyed him warily but nodded. At that, the man smiled a bit more reassuringly and crouched in front of him.

“Well that’s no issue, just catch your breath and I’ll wait for you to calm down so I can tell you about what happened. Sound alright to you?”

He sounds calmer than last time, Izuku thought as he managed to rasp out a ‘yes’.

After a few minutes, the man sat down on the ground considering how Izuku made not move to get up even though he settled down. It was interesting to see the large man maneuver himself down and still maintain such a large presence.

“Seems like the old guy really won’t kill you,” the man thoughtfully said. “He had the perfect chance, scared the shit out of us - well not exactly all of us since Mai, Sora, and Yoichi seemed calm- but still he didn’t kill you,” he paused and looked at Izuku with a face that had a sad smile.

He looked apologetic.

Suddenly he sighed and slouched in on himself, though that did nothing to diminish his size. “I don’t think you’ll have to fight him, it didn’t seem like he wanted to either.”

“That’d be nice,” Izuku replied and the man laughed.

“I like you kid,” he said before his face became a bit more solemn. “and I’m sorry about before. So how about I tell you about what just happened with all that black stuff, yeah?”

Izuku nodded, not commenting on the quick change in emotion. He was well aware of how not everyone liked to dwell on what made them uncomfortable (even their own emotions).

“Alright, first things first, the names Banjo Daijoro and my quirk is called Black Whip…”
___

When Izuku opened his eyes, found himself with his head resting on Mr.Compress’s lap as the man brushed his fingers through his hair. It was a soft sensation, gentle and careful which was oddly fitting for the man (at least that’s what Izuku thought).

Hazel eyes were looking down on him and Izuku got to see a smile take up the man’s face as he continued to brush his finger through his hair.

“You know...I have a feeling I should already tell you my name,” Mr.Compress said.

“I’ve played my cards right?” Izuku asked, remembering how the man told him that would be the only way he’d find out.

Mr.Compress tapped a finger to the tip of Izuku’s nose. “Spectacularly so, you’ve worked your way to become my Assistant. Rather impressive I must say.”

“It’s fun.”

“I’m glad to hear that, now time for you to be graced with my name young hero,” he said before pausing dramatically despite still moving his fingers in Izuku’s hair.

“Sako Atsuhiro.”

Izuku could feel his eyelids feel heavy but he still responded with a sleepy smile. “That’s a rather spectacular name.”

Sako brushed his fingers across Izuku’s forehead softly, making the boy’s eyelids feel even heavier. “I think so too Izuku,” Sako said softly while looking down at the freckled face as he continued to run his fingers in green curls.

_______________

It was really no surprise when there was an odd atmosphere in the bar the next day. A tension that something important had to be discussed but that everyone was hesitant or unsure how to bring up in the first place.

Both questioning and concerned looks were sent towards Izuku while he felt out of balanced. He knew that they must have had questions but they didn’t ask and he didn’t exactly feel very enthusiastic to tell them.

The most enthusiastic person instead had to be Jin, he didn’t at all seem hindered by the tension.

Even with a bandaged face, the man kept insisting on Izuku not moving too much. He even made sure to make him stay on the couch while he got the breakfast Kurogiri had made for them. But Izuku was worried too, remembering Jin’s yells and precarious mental state so he somehow managed to get Jin to sit down next to him too and just relax.

It helped with the tension but of course, something like what had happened would not be so easily ignored.

That’s why he wasn’t surprised when All for One spoke from the television. Especially since Tomura had told him how they had taken him to the man and Sensei healed him. How he had been within less than a foot away from him. It made him think about what Banjo had said.

Yes, he might have not killed me, Izuku thought. But that doesn’t mean he doesn’t want something.
___

“You know there is something we have yet to fully address Izuku,” the All for One said in a calm voice (so much different from the enthusiasm from their last talk).

The bar was quiet while all eyes were on Izuku who was once again sitting near the television that had a red light on. They all looked unsure, even Kurogiri and Shigaraki.

Izuku steeled himself before sighing. “I have a good idea about what All for One.”

Whatever it was, I want to face it head-on.

“Ah, so he has an inkling I’m still alive,” AFO responded in a careful manner, obviously talking about All Might.

“I don’t know,” Izuku said. “He told me about you and that you died years ago. But that doesn’t exactly seem like that truth, does it?”

“Certainly not and yet you have stayed here, even speaking to me now. Tell me Izuku, do you not hate me?” the man asked and Izuku could almost say that he simply sounded curious.

“Hate you? I barely know you,” Izuku said incredulously. “ I don’t know your story of why you killed them or how it went down. All I know is that you’re Tomura’s Sensei. That you injured All Might trying to kill him. And that you’ve apparently killed the past holders. But I also know that you really like quirks, you’re really smart and were actually fun to talk to.

“I know you haven’t brought it up until now even though you’ve had to have known for a while. And I know that I’m still alive,” Izuku said.

“Is it not expected that I kill you or you kill me?” All for One asked.

Izuku sighed and let his head hang low at the word ‘expected’. Even with Banjo’s apology he still felt upset and frustrated. He hated what was expected. It made him feel heavy, the act of moving grated on his brain and he wanted to do anything but that. Responsibilities and what was expected seemed to follow him everywhere he went.

“Aren’t you tired?” - Izuku looked up at the television screen as if he were looking at All for One in the face - “Cause I’m barely 16 and I’m exhausted. I didn’t even expect to live this long but here I am getting dragged into something I don’t want, another fight. With your abilities - your knowledge, you could do so much. There’s so many things you could do than fight me or kill me trying to get it and stop it from being passed down. But the thing is, you don’t even have to worry about that!

“I have no plans to give it to someone else, to pass down a weight on an unsuspecting person, to drag them into a fight.

“Whether it’s by someone else’s hand or by my own, this power will die with me.”

Izuku’s voice was firm without any sign of hesitance or doubt. And it’s when he said it, that Izuku realized what it meant. He looked around to see various frozen faces and it made the uncomfortable feeling in his chest worsen.

When he got down from his seat and walked out of the main area and into one of the rooms, no one stopped him, no one said a word.

He thinks that he would have broke if they did.
___

In the misty grey expanse that is home for the past holders, Nana Shimura looked sadly at the vestige of the Eighth holder.

____________________

An hour later, it was Jin who came to check up on Izuku.

At first, the man didn’t say anything. He simply sat in the chair while Izuku was laying partially on the bed, his feet lightly brushing the floor. There was an obvious tension in the room but it didn’t worsen with Jin’s company. If anything it felt less unbearable the longer the man simply sat with Izuku in the room.

It helped to not make Izuku feel like he was alone with his thoughts. Those pesky heavy things swirled in his mind and felt as if they were slipping out of his grasp everytime he tried to focus on one; leaving him suspended with nothing to keep him grounded. But he could hear the calm breathing from the man in the chair, the sound of him shuffling in his seat, he could feel their presence and slowly he didn’t feel like he was floating alone anymore. And while his thoughts became more solid, Izuku still didn’t feel like grabbing ahold of them yet.

Which was why when Jin suddenly suggested playing a game of cards between the two of them, Izuku gladly accepted. Something to do with his hands, to focus on a thought that didn’t drag him down was exactly what he wanted at the moment even if it involved with him being dragged out to the main area. None of the others came up to them, so Izuku and Jin were left to play the card game ‘Speed’.

Izuku noticed how silent it was considering Jin’s other voice didn’t come out. Not that he minded, it was interesting to see Jin’s face of concentration before he put down his card. The man’s face was on full view now that Izuku was actually looking at him rather than the ceiling in the bedroom. Izuku could see a head of blond hair, scruff at his cheek, staples in the middle of his forehead, along with the new cut that seemed to have been patched up well, and tired eyes.

It’s interesting to see his face, Izuku thought thinking about how that day was the day he had seen Jin’s face the most.

They played three rounds before they stopped and instead laid down on the floor. But while laying there doing nothing, Izuku’s thoughts returned to unsavory things. Whatever sense of lightness that was created from the card game faded away, leaving Izuku feeling oddly vulnerable.

Almost as if sensing it, Jin spoke from his position on the floor beside Izuku.

“Izuku, are you suicidal?”

There was complete silence in the bar and if the two individuals on the floor were to look up, they would see how everyone had froze. How their eyes were all looking in their direction while their minds went over the detail they knew about Izuku.

Details that included how nonchalant the teen had been when first kidnapped. How uncaring he had been. How the teen should have been dead if it had been anyone else. They thought about the kindness that was Izuku, how he put himself in harm’s way to protect. Seemingly to not care at all about what happened to him.

And so, it hurt to hear the words the green-eyed boy said next because they knew it was true.

“I think so,” Izuku said.

Jin turned his head to look at the boy who was still staring at the ceiling and he saw that Izuku was crying. Tears flowed from his eyes and down towards the floor while Izuku made no sound or move to wipe them away.

It was a simple blank face and a voice that sounded utterly exhausted. A boy seemingly laid bare, completely open to whatever threats may come his way.

Jin scooted closer until his arm touched Izuku’s. “Have you done anything about it?”

Izuku closed his eyes and hummed, the tear tracks remained untouched. “I’ve thought about it a lot. I’ve thought about the different ways I could do it. There’s a lot of ways Jin...there’s a lot of ways to die.”

“ I know. I’ve seen myself die in all sorts of ways. When I look in the mirror I see the face of someone who’s died too many times.

“I don’t want that happening to you,” Jin said.

“I don’t either but…”

Jin didn’t need Izuku to finish that sentence.

“Yeah...I know.”
Notes:

    Like what I said in my last chapter endnotes. Mental health has many ups and downs. And this is what Izuku is experiencing. At this point, we can say it is definitely a ‘low’.

    Black whip has officially made their debut, rather aggressively. And Izuku got to meet Bajo officially. Although he still feels upset about what happened earlier with the vestiges. Banjo did apologize but there is still some discomfort left behind (no surprise there).

    Hello AFO, I think that in the very past he was able to get quirk from people on death beds or at ages where they didn’t need/want it anymore. So this will include a healing quirk (altho not powerful enough to fix his face or the need for a breathing apparatus). And hehehehe little appearance fo his lil bro ;p

    Sako was like ‘should probably tell the kid my name before I lose the opportunity to do so’. Also it was about time Izuku knew it (and Sako very much wanted the young hero to call him by his name)

    Izuku really is must tired about not having a choice and being forced in these pre-chosen positions so when AFO talked about what they were destined to do, he snapped. And with that anger and exhaustion, something very important came to light. The line “Whether it’s by someone else’s hand or my own, this power will die with me.” has been something I’ve been looking forward to for the longest! Since it really is a big reminder that Izuku is suicidal, he’s exhibited that behavior and thinking. And I think Jin could relate to Izuku since he did have that experience where his clones killed each other in canon.

    I hope you liked the description of how Izuku felt after saying what he did, with feeling suspended and floating. I felt that it would be good, considering feeling overwhelmed with so many worries and thoughts. In that cases i have found being by yourself doesnt help, it kind of keeps you there floating ungrounded but someone’s presence can help even if they don’t exactly say or do anything which in this case was Jin, who i think for his own benefit also wanted to be near Izuku considering his bad reaction(at that time i thought Jin would feel at a loss of control which was when he felt like he would split beyond his control in a sort of helpless manner). And of course distraction can help, something to keep your mind focused on something else but that can’t last. And with doing something with someone, laying on the floor after there has been that tension you feel a little raw, open, vulnerable. Which was when Jin posed his question.

    Also have you noticed that when it comes to big reveals, it has mainly been instigated by a question from Jin? ;p

    Speed is a real card game and requires a lot of fast movement to put the card down before the other person while making sure it’s a card value one above or below one of the two cards piles in the middle before the other person does. You do this while also maintaining having 5 cards in your hands (this probs isnt the best answer srry lol). Very fun game to play that takes up your focus so a good distraction too.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter!

Chapter 34: What do we do?
Summary:

    The handover.

Notes:

    Posted: 12/11/21

    Warning: depressive thoughts, references to suicide, suicidal themes *no attempts.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Laying on the floor after talking to Jin and answering his question, Izuku felt as if the last bit of strength left him.

Answering the question had hurt somewhere deep inside. Inside so deep because it wasn’t something new. It was something that over the years had burrowed deeply into who he was, it curled underneath his ribs and around his heart. Something deep that he tried not to touch those late nights when sleep was unkind and so was the solitude of staring at nothing in a dark room. It was a dark thing that grew over the years, thriving on the things that hurt, that weighed him down.

So answering Jin’s question that had been spoken softly with care that Izuku still felt unused to after all this time in the bar, it had felt like bringing up something rough and painful out for all of them to see. Something ugly he was sure would have made Jin move away from beside him or surely create a tension in the air that would crush him where he lay.

But that didn’t happen.

Jin didn’t move away, instead, he had moved closer until Izuku felt pressure on his arm. It was warm. And Jin’s voice still sounded the same when he asked his next question, still with care.

Jin understood, he understood.

Izuku liked how Jin still stayed beside him as he cried.

______________

Jin stayed beside Izuku long after the boy’s tears ran out and he fell asleep. He was the one to pick him up and lay him on the couch.

For a few moments, he looked at the sleeping freckled face with dark circles that stood out more after crying. He looked at the gloved hands that put down cards just a tad quicker than him and he looked at the arms that were riddled with scars and hidden away in the sweatshirt he wore.

‘I think so.’

Those were the words Izuku replied with when he asked.

Suicide was not something Jin was unfamiliar with. Having watched his clones kill each other, each claiming to be the original made him very familiar with the idea, the image of killing yourself. Every time he looked in the mirror he really did see the face of someone that died too many times at their own hands. The staples in the middle of his forehead were a very clear reminder of that. But now he had a new cut on his face slowly healing that he got in the midst of a fight where, in the end, it was a teenage boy who was a hero student at UA that saved him.

A boy who didn’t seem bothered by his other voice or by his face. Who didn’t yell at him to leave the room when he had come in. Who hadn’t gotten annoyed when he was fretting over him. A boy who even made him sit down and later played a card game with him. Who didn’t mind being so close to him, a man with a mind that seemed to pull apart from each other on bad days.

Jin wished that the question he had asked hadn’t come so easily to his mind, that Izuku’s actions didn’t keep reminding him of his own actions of how he uncaringly got close to people who could kill him with ease.

He didn’t like how Izuku’s answer wasn’t a surprise.

____________

The next day Izuku didn’t get up from the couch. Even when he had woken up long before everyone he didn’t make it known to the others, his face was hidden in the cushion and under the blanket that Spinner had covered Izuku in. Offers of food went unanswered and so did all other comments.

Izuku kept silent and they went to bed without hearing a word from him while he still stayed awake throughout the night. Eyes staring at nothing as sleep kept him at an arm’s distance.

The day after that was the same.

But on the third day things changed. The most noticeable difference was the temperature.

It was hot and the old ac unit had broken sometime during the night, leaving them waking up uncomfortably hot. That morning when they woke up they found Izuku on the floor without a blanket and just like them he looked uncomfortable too.

It only worsened as the day progressed. Dabi wore a tank top revealing how the scars on his right arm went up much further than they expected, Sako went without his mask along with Jin, Toga tied up her hair and went without her signature sweater, Magne had also clipped some of her hair off her face while Spinner seemed to be doing reasonably well. But Izuku didn’t change.

His face looked flushed with green hair sticking to his forehead. And his eyes looked dazed as he stared at the ceiling. No prodding from Dabi or offer of a cold drink from Kurogiri made the boy move.

Even when Spinner somehow managed to fix the AC Izuku still did not move. And while the threat of heatstroke was gone the boy’s state was unpleasant.

Izuku needed a shower, except he had no energy.

Every movement felt like it took too much thought to do. Even moving off the couch left him feeling weary. Izuku was very uncomfortable but the thought of doing anything was worse. His bones felt tired and heavy, the things that had broken too many times kept him trapped, weighing him down.

Izuku knew, he knew that taking a shower would be good. That it could help him feel better. He was well aware of the things you could do when you felt like he did, but it required effort. It required strength that he felt he didn’t have. There were so many times when Izuku had pushed through, calling upon strength that wasn’t there before. Strength He called up on the beach under the hot sun, strength he called up when he broke his fingers again and again just hoping a boy would stop holding back, strength he called up to prevent Stain from killing anyone else in a dirty bloody alley. But now it was getting up to take a shower that stopped him.

The thought of that made it seem that much harder.

It made him feel pathetic.

But before Izuku could dwell on his inability to do something as simple as get up there was suddenly a face in his line of vision. Familiar yellow eyes looked down at him.

“Izuku,” Toga said and he couldn’t help but feel his focus sharpen at the lack of the ‘kun’ Toga always added to his name.

“Do you want to take a shower?”

Izuku couldn’t explain how such a simple question made his chest clench. How it caused so much turmoil in his mind. But again, simple things felt like a huge challenge to him at the moment. Even speaking felt daunting. It all just felt like too much.

Except those eyes kept looking at him, her sincerity was obvious to him and he wanted to take a shower.
____

Toga was pleased by the small movement of what could be a nod that came from Izuku, at the small hint of life in his eyes

She had been worried, wondering what was going on in his head. Wondering if he had given up or just needed a push so she went over and asked him that question.

He hasn't given up, was what she thought when he nodded yes.

“Do you need help?” she asked and she saw shame appear in Izuku’s eyes. It made her angry. Izuku shouldn’t be ashamed he should never feel ashamed for how he feels right now.

“It’s okay if you do,” she was quick to say. “I can help you get up. I’m strong just like you Izuku.”

She still smiled when she saw Izuku’s tears at her last comment.

A few moments later, the others watched as Toga helped Izuku get up off the floor. She had no issue supporting his weight and none of them commented on how much Izuku leaned against her. Instead, Toga kept smiling and looked at Kurogiri.

“Giri can you make sure there is a towel and change of clothes for Izuku-kun in the bathroom. He’s gonna need it after showering!”

“Of course,” Kurogiri said before setting off to get those materials.

Then Toga and Izuku walked towards the bathroom, along the way he seemed to be supporting more of himself although still unsteady.
___

When the shower came into sight Izuku didn’t need Toga to support him so much. The hardest thing had been getting up, getting past that shame he felt when he needed to ask for help. But then Toga has said she was strong, that she was strong like him.

Strong. She thinks I’m strong.

Those words were so different from what he had heard all his life.

Weak.

Freak.

Disgusting.

Deformed.

Useless.

Deku.

That word seemed to be ingrained in him, into his very bones.

He was just De-

A soft poke to his forehead reminded him where he was and he looked at Toga who was pouting.

"Don't do that Izuku, don't go back inside and get trapped again. I don't like it when those green eyes of yours go dull. And you still need a shower, unless you need help with that too?"

Izuku felt his face heat up at her last comment and he quickly shook his head which made Toga laugh.

"Alright well hop to it, I already put the water on so it should be warm. Call any of us if you need something," she said before nudging him deeper into the bathroom as she walked out and let the door close.

Izuku looked at the door she just closed. She’s still treating me the same, even after what I said before, he thought.

With that Izuku took off his clothes, ridding himself of clothes that definitely needed to be washed and he stepped under the stream of warm water.

He just stood there.

He didn’t know for how long he stood under the showerhead, letting the water soak his hair and flow down his back. He looked down to see the individual drops of water that came from his fingers, his hands feeling less tense under the running warm water. When he closed his eyes he was reminded of rain and he imagined what it would be like to just stand outside when it rained and do nothing, to just let drops of water soak him to his very bones.

The thought of letting the water wash him away crossed his mind before he opened his eyes and finally started to use the soap. It was a sort of pleasing thought in a way, letting the rain take away the exhaustion from his body any pain going along with it if he was lucky. But he wasn’t lucky and thoughts like these tended to almost always cycle back to cruel thoughts if he let it continue. Instead, Izuku let himself focus on the soap bubbles on his freckled skin that were washed away down the drain, leaving a floral scent behind.

Once the soap was gone and he gave the same treatment for his hair and again let himself simply stand with his eyes closed under the water. The darkness behind his eyelids and the sound of what could be rain almost threatened to swallow him whole but eventually, he opened his eyes once again and turned off the water.

Stepping out he quickly tried to dry himself and change into the clothes Kurogiri set up for him. A soft hoodie that was a pale blue, black sweatpants, and gloves to keep his hands from aching once the warmth went away. He tried to make sure it was on before that weariness he could feel coming back would settle on his shoulders again. A familiar sensation that always found its way home to him. He was used to this ever-constant push and pull, the little reprieves he had. And Toga seems to see it too when he stepped out of the bathroom.

Except, as usual, she gave him a smile and tugged his sleeve until he was following her back to the main area. There Izuku saw what looked like relieved faces on the others, including Sako on the couch that Toga promptly pushed him to sit on.

And once he was sitting down Sako grabbed the towel resting around Izuku’s neck and brought it back to his hair that was still dripping.

“My my Izuku, your hair really is wilder than mine,” the man said amused. But Izuku didn’t respond. Once again his eyelids felt heavy as he let himself feel the soft towel pat his head and as gentle fingers attempted to untangle his curls.

Sako didn’t seem to mind and once again Izuku let himself drift off.

_____________

Later when the sun was down and it was late, the members of the league were gathered at a booth, Izuku still laying on the couch with slightly damp curls.

Spinner sat next to Tomura on one side of the booth while on the other Magne and Dabi sat next to each other. Toga and Sako were standing at the end with Kurogiri. Jin however was sitting in a seat next to the couch where Izuku slept, he had insisted on being near the boy and no one objected.

“What if he keeps laying there?” Spinner asked looking over at the couch.

Tomura sighed and let his head fall into his gloved hands. “I don’t think he has really slept except for right now and that was after two days. He wasn’t even going to get up despite wanting to.”

“What are we supposed to do? He was doing okay until a while ago and it just keeps getting worse from the looks of it,” Dabi frowned. “You all heard what he said to Jin, he’s suicidal. How are we supposed to take care of a suicidal kid?”

“We can’t.”

All heads turns to Magne who had taken off her shades and rubbed at her eyes. “I’m stating the obvious when I say that Izuku is severely depressed. And I think we all know, it’s something he’s been dealing with for years and hasn’t gotten treated. He’s suicidal and yeah he hasn’t made the effort to kill himself yet, but you all heard what he said. He’s thought about it and the way he acts...I think it’s only a matter of time before he actually manages to get himself killed.”

She looked up at them with a serious face and her eyes in plain view. “He needs professional help that we can’t give him.”

None of them could say she was wrong. Every word of hers rang true.

They had somehow inexplicably ended up providing safe space for Izuku, a place where the pretenses of being a hero wasn’t there and his poor excuse of a mom couldn’t abuse him with harsh words. They made him laugh and let him cry with no judgment because - hell who the fuck were they to judge?

While that helped Izuku was so much quieter than before. That dangerous lack of care from when they first met him and that bitterness they could hear in his voice seemed to have been used up and they didn’t know what to do.

Sako knocked his hand on the table to draw their attention. “We can talk to Izuku’s teacher, Eraserhead. He’s a hero and seems to care for Izuku. Surely he can get him the help he needs.”

Kurogiri took out a cell phone from the pocket of his slacks and placed it on the table. “I already put Eraserhead’s number from Izuku’s phone in here,” he said.

Dabi packed up the phone and turned it around in his hand. “Will your boss have an issue with this?”

Both Kurogiri and Tomura looked towards the television and saw that the red light was on.

“No, I don’t think he has an issue with it.”

_______________

It was while he was looking over some paperwork that Shouta’s phone buzzed. He wondered if it was another message from Izuku but instead saw a message from an unknown number.

Unknown: You’ll take care of him right?

Eraserhead: Who is this?

Unknown: You’ll take care of Izuku?

At that message, Aizawa froze.

The only person who he could think would ask him a question like that now was the League. The league was texting him. While he tried to push aside the anxiety that crept up his throat at the meaning of their question, he replied.

Eraserhead: Of course I will

________________

He was sitting on the floor again in the grey place again.

When he looked up he saw that there were eight people in front of him. Two of them were still far off to the side but he can still see six of them clearly.

They were all bowing.

“We’re sorry Izuku,” the woman with the beauty mark said. “We’re sorry for making you feel like you didn’t have a choice. It’s our fault that you feel like this.”

Izuku stared at them with sullen eyes.

Their fault? Their fault that he couldn’t sleep and stare at nothing? Their fault that he felt weak and had to have help getting off the floor? Their fault that he had felt pathetic and ashamed? How could it be their fault when he had felt like that long before having One for All passed down to him?

“You’re wrong,” Izuku said and he saw them lift their heads to look at him in confusion. “This is just how I feel, nothing you can do about it.”

The grey figure that Izuku thought was named Sora stepped forward.

“Even so, we want to help you. Kid, you have a bunch of buddies worried in a bar trying to figure out how to help you,” they said.

Izuku sighed. He thought about what the league could do to help him more than they already did and there was really only one option left.

“‘I have to go, don’t I?” he asked despite already knowing the answer.

And Sora seemed to know too as they responded with a sad smile.

Izuku took another looked at all the past holders and he took in a deep breath, letting the air fill his lungs until they felt like they were about to burst before letting it all out.

He closed his eyes.
___

When he opened them, Izuku saw red eyes close to his face and could feel hands and arms supporting him while his head rested on someone’s chest.

Tomura didn’t say anything and just kept looking at him, not letting go.

“Time for me to leave isn’t it Tomura,” Izuku said softly, keeping his head against the older boy’s chest.

He could feel Tomura hold him a little tighter. “Yeah Izuku, it’s time.”

__________________

Tomura didn’t know how to feel about the small sadsmile that Izuku seemed to have on his face, his eyes were half-lidded, and he didn’t move. The kid was completely relaxed in his arms. He looked up to see Magne and Toga come out with a small duffel bag, it had the clothes they had gotten for Izuku minus his Little Assistant outfit and mask. But Tomura did see Toga sneak in a few knives into the bag.

They walked up to him and looked at Izuku in his arms.

“Let’s go.”
___

It was early in the morning when they all walked out of the warp gate. After closing the warp, Kurogiri let them know that they were not too far away from the entrance of UA where Eraserhead said he would meet them.

Each of them were oddly silent as they walked.

They kept glancing at Tomura who held Izuku. The boy still didn’t move and was almost half-asleep, seemingly at the very edge of slipping unconscious but something kept him from completely falling. It had worried them that Izuku hadn’t had too much of a reaction but still was aware that he was leaving. Somehow knowing before they had told him what was happening.

They still hadn’t said anything even when they all saw Eraserhead waiting in the distance. The hero was wearing a simple long sleeve black shirt without his capture weapon. The man gave a quick once over of all of them before looking at Izuku.

They could all see what had Izuku been talking about when he said their teacher cared from the visible relief on the man’s face when he looked at Izuku.

“Eraserhead,” Tomura greeted once they all stood in front of the man. Tomura specifically seemed to stand a little straighter in front of the hero anxiously.

“Shigaraki, Kurogiri,” the hero said. Dark eyes looked at the rest of the group, people he hadn’t seen before. “Who are you?”

“Dabi.”

“Magne.”

“Spinner”

“Toga.”

“Twice.”

“Mr.Compress.”

After the simple short introductions, Eraserhead nodded his head but didn’t say anything else.

There was an odd sort of tension which Toga promptly broke.

She took off the strap of the duffel bag she had been holding and held it out to Eraserhead. “Here is Izuku-kun’s clothes and gloves for his hands. It’s all clean and comfy so you don’t have to worry about washing them. His sketchbook is in there too and there’s some knives in there so be careful. Izuku-kun wouldn’t be too happy if you cut yourself on one of them,” she said.

Eraserhead grabbed the strap and settled it on his shoulder. He looked at Toga a bit odd but said, “Thanks, I’ll be careful.”

Then all that there was let to do was hand Izuku over.

Their hesitance must have been clear because Eraserhead seemed to sigh.

“You know you can see Izuku again. I’m not going to try to keep him away from you, that just wouldn’t be logical considering the close relationship he has with you.”

Tomura looked at him in surprise, because he would have never guessed the man he almost killed would tell him he’d be able to see one of his students again. “Really?”

“Yeah, we will have to talk about it more later but this isn’t goodbye, not really.”

There was a visible wave of relief that swept through each of them and Dabi proceeded to walk up beside Tomura and ruffle Izuku’s hair. “I’ll see you later Princess.”

Dabi and the others chuckled when they heard an unintelligible mumble from the kid. Then Toga came up quickly to give Izuku’s forehead a quick kiss while Mr.Compress came up and seemed to take out the marble necklace Izuku wore so that it was resting on the outside of the hoodie. The darker blue stood out against the pale blue fabric.

After that, Tomura walked forward while Eraserhead held out his arms. Very carefully Eraserhead replaced the support that Tomura had provided, seemingly not caring about coming into contact with Tomura’s gloved hands. Once settled in the underground hero’s arms, they watched as Izuku brought up one of his hands to grab Eraserhead’s shirt.

Dabi snickered at the action while Spinner elbowed him in the ribs.

When he fully secured his grip Eraserhead looked at the league of villains. “Thank you.”

Tomura huffed. “Take care of him.”

Then Eraserhead simply nodded before turning around and started to walk towards the entrance of UA. the league watched him until he passed the barrier. At that, the villains turned around and walked into the warp gate Kurogiri opened. As eight villains walked into a bar, an underground hero carried a former missing hero student back on campus.

Although, the league wouldn’t hesitate to go grab Izuku and make him a cup of tea if needed.

Well… they’d make sure to leave the tea-making to Kurogiri.
Notes:

    I’m debating whether or not I should apologize to you all for any tears this fic may have caused ;p

    As we can all see, Izuku is a low point. Everything that has happened has been very draining and along with depressive episodes, getting up from bed (or the floor) can feel very difficult along with maintaining hygiene like showers, etc. Which is what Izuku experienced and then felt ashamed to need help. But Toga understands and managed to have him take one. And Sako was there to help with his mess of hair. Izuku hadn’t really slept the other two days but I think the shower and support the others showed helped him get some rest. Also, Might I just say, Jin cares deeply about the members of the LOV and Izuku

    Our ghosts have apologized but that doesn’t get him out of dealing with something that been with him before getting OFA.

    The LOV, being smart people, realize Izuku’s state and accept the fact that they can’t provide Izuku the help he needs (which in this case would be best for professionals but also for Izu to see that there are more ppl who will support him). So they turn to one of the people that Izuku seems to trust and cares to get Izuku that help. It’s not an easy decision or thing to do, but necessary. Yes, Izuku has improved with the LOV but there are underlying problems that have been there for years and will not go away with simply the love and support from his newfound family. They aren’t fully equipped to help him and Izuku is not a villain. The boy is someone who wants a hero so he could not have always stayed away from UA.

    Though time away has certainly been good for him, it’s time to go back. (I had always planned to have him go back but on good terms in terms of LOV and UA)

    So there we have the ‘handover’. Where the league essentially passes the baton for the next person to help Izuku to help him get better. But don’t let that fool you into thinking the LOV will simply disappear from Izuku’s life. There’s no chance of that happening ;)

    And with going back to UA there’s a new array of challenges and opportunities that I am excited to get to!

    I really hope you have enjoyed Tea in a bar as much as I’ve had writing it. I am super happy that so many people liked the story that I wrote (even if it made you cry, I cried too) and I hope you enjoy the next part of this story Coffee on a roof! (which is already posted)

Series this work belongs to:

    Part 1 of What Would You Like to Drink? Next Work →

Works inspired by this one:

    Marbel? {My own addition to Tea In A Bar} by Ocxccdump
    Tea in a bar (PODFIC) by Baku_rat
    Midoriya Izuku's Multiverse Mayhem by SleepyIdiot2_0
    Diamond Dimensions [ DISCONTINUED ] by EmeraldEclipse
    Lost and Found by Versatility
    Promise by EnemiestoMoths
    Eating slowly would sure solve some problems by idontknowwhattoshipsendhelp

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Bookmark Comments (6505) 

Kudos

QueenAbbo5255, Yaoishipsforlife, ywoicb, Kenji_Twelve, katiekat12_134, HorriblyHuman, sillyguy_143, Midmi, Dontloveshit, BrightCranes, ConfuzzeledBundle, MiyuFrog, SaiHashi, GemSul, Wedge, Raivaughn, YoshiiKO, Elele, Pumpkin_19, Karma_Ametrine, bxkubro, BunnyBearBaby, Biggesthater, Flower_That_Likes_Arson, 09Multifandombookworm09, iLiveforIzuku, MercuryRosse, U_s1r_nam3, QMA42LRJ, Fullmetal_Bitch, al3sha, tellenyou09, MLPMDog, cursedh34rt, qu33n_drag0nfruit, yumenohana, ReganJamees13, Jmfa, A_amazing_person, GreenTornado775, manysmallpebbles, xsDeltasx, FREDDYFOZZBEAR6, Ma_0nn, Alley_Rat, DuraznitoPaito, lc_pyretta, SugarBadger, JamInTea, rhyalisations, and 27065 more users as well as 16122 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment
Comment as fictionfruit

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    Customize
        Default
        Low Vision Default
        Reversi
        Snow Blue
    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.410.2
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

