

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: katekyou "alternate universe" sort:>words 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Hide Creator's Style 

    Download
        AZW3 EPUB MOBI PDF HTML 

Work Header

Rating:

        Mature 

Archive Warning:

        Graphic Depictions Of Violence 

Categories:

        F/FF/MM/M 

Fandom:

        僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia 

Relationships:

        Midoriya Izuku/Shinsou HitoshiMidoriya Izuku & Shinsou HitoshiAizawa Shouta | Eraserhead/Yamada Hizashi | Present MicTakami Keigo | Hawks/Todoroki TouyaHatsume Mei/Uraraka Ochako 

Characters:

        Midoriya IzukuShinsou HitoshiBakugou KatsukiKirishima EijirouAizawa Shouta | EraserheadYamada Hizashi | Present MicAsui TsuyuUraraka OchakoKaminari DenkiSero HantaTakami Keigo | HawksYagi Toshinori | All MightTodoroki Touya 

Additional Tags:

        Midoriya Izuku Has a QuirkBAMF Midoriya IzukuDead Midoriya InkoBisexual Disaster Midoriya IzukuHomeless Midoriya IzukuHomeless Shinsou HitoshiShinsou Hitoshi is a Little ShitDabi is a TodorokiobviouslyVigilante Dabi (My Hero Academia)Midoriya Izuku Has All for One QuirkBAMF Midoriya InkoTodoroki Enji | Endeavor's Bad ParentingImplied/Referenced Child Abusegratuitous amounts of apples 

Language:
    English 
Collections:
    モモコ's hitoshi and izuku story library, モモコ's favorites, Storycatchers' pile of heroic hero stuff, There are no words for this beauty, Bnha titles that were definitely worth my sleepless nights, Best of BNHA, DerangedDeceiver's Favorite Fics, Got 99 problems but these ain't one, bnha fics i dream about 🌙, MHA Fanfics That Are Better Than Sleep, Genius bnha fanfics, crispyminiz favs, Lady's collection of PERFECT fics., ⭐️My Hero Stories Worth Your Time⭐️, soul healing comes from fanfiction, T.S.S (This shit slaps), Two emotionally unstable gays give you fic recommendations, You haven’t lived if you haven’t read this, The Fics You Read When You Want To Revisit Your Favorites, BNHA Treasure Box, fics to sink your teeth into, Ophelia’s Favorite Fics, gothelixar recs, Shindeku Treasure Box, Epitome of Writing, 🥦Izuku Fuel🥦, Myra_Approved_Version_of_Midoriya_Izuku, Izuku fics bc he's a lovely green soft boi (who can also kill god), Мои_любимые_работы😉, Extraordinary My Hero Academia FanFics 💯, Good reads I don't know where to keep, Vaguely Organized Crime Fics, BNHA best fics, ✨Chris’s Best Izuku Fics✨, Treasure_Box, BNHA Fics that cured my cancer, Bnha fics that give me a reason to live™ <3, My favorite MHA fics/series, .⭒°.•*.↫𝙼𝚢 𝙱𝚎𝚋𝚞 𝚖𝚞𝚕𝚝𝚒𝚟𝚎𝚛𝚜𝚎♡♡↬.*•.°⭒., From the Vault, Marmalade's MHA Mayhem ^_^, Like A Favorite Sweater, Best of the Best, my heart is here, ✨I don't have a personal life✨, Izuku is just trying his best your honor, 🌱 Izuku and his emotional support dads 🥦, hixpatch's all time favorites, bookworx26's marvelous collection of BNHA fics, Fanfiction 𝑰 Deem Worthy Of The Name, Madworld's favorite BNHA, Izu is a chaos gremlin and/or maybe adopts everyone (TiaLee), Just shipping Izu all over the place (TiaLee), Dadzawa Soup for The Soul (TiaLee), Kit's Favourite BNHA/MHA Fics, fics that hit the brain itch, Brilliant Bnha Fics, MHA Fics I Dream About 
Stats:

    Published:
        2020-06-01
    Completed:
        2021-09-12
    Words:
        83,689
    Chapters:
        38/38
    Comments:
        2,581
    Kudos:
        19,259
    Bookmarks:
        5,227
    Hits:
        348,476

(Restricted) Nomad
Androgyninja
Summary:

    Izuku watched the floating lights around him, resisting the urge to pull and grab.
    To hold what they had and take it for his own.

    After years on the run, Izuku comes home to japan and joins UA to become a Hero.
    But not everything is as it seems, and the past doesn't like to stay there.

    Otherwise known as-Izuku has All For One and chaos ensues

    You can read this fic in Russian here

Chapter 1: Old dreams
Chapter Text

They don’t know you, they don’t know you, they don’t know you.

Izuku Midoriya repeated those words in his head like a mantra until he found his seat in the written portion of the exam. Outwardly he knew he looked calm, his shoulders loose and face relaxed into a friendly smile, a façade he had learned at a young age. His naturally expressive face had given him away one too many times on the run, and you learned quickly when your life was at stake.

Smiling and being friendly was a good way to deflect suspicion and gain trust. People were much less likely to give information about you to strangers if they liked you, and information was one thing you could never let the enemy have the upper hand on.

No one was looking at him-not that he was expecting them to- he was just another face in the hundreds of other test takers. Another pencil scratching in answers as quickly as possible so as to not run out of the limited time for the intense exam.

Question 43# Explain the law of conversion of mass through chemical reactions.

Knowledge had never been a problem for him, years on the run made information his only reliable friend and companion, his greedy mind devouring anything that would provide a distraction to the constant loneliness. He had finished middle school work when he was ten and had quickly moved on from there. Questions like these weren’t a challenge, though he kind of wished they were. It’d been a while since he’d been challenged academically.

He finished answering the questions with half an hour to spare, clearly faring better than most of the surrounding candidates. It still blew his mind how many were trying out, attempting to get into the most prestigious school in the country. Thousands tried to get in, only 160 made it.

The large auditorium where the physical portion of the exam was explained by Present Mic of all people. Was it to get them more hyped up? Considering the resounding silence when the blond Hero had asked for a YEAAAAAAH, it wasn’t working well.

After being interrupted by a boy with the straightest posture Izuku had ever seen, the examines were led to a large beta testing ground and given five minutes preparation.

Izuku closed his eyes and breathed deeply. You can do this, you’ve fought your whole life, you can fight a few robots. Just remember, if you take it, make sure to give it back quickly. If nobody’s suspicious, your secret is safe.

He opened his eyes and felt a sense of cold calm washed over him.

You can’t stop me.

Present Mic screamed “GO!” and Izuku took off immediately, leaving the other stunned examinees in the dust.

 

…

 

All Might, otherwise known as Toshinori Yagi watched as the young children began the exam, a feeling of nostalgia overcoming him. It had been many, many years since he’d fought through the same trials, but he still remembered the adrenaline, the feeling of wanting to prove himself. Prove that his Master hadn’t been wrong in her choice of successor.

Prove that her death hadn’t been in vain.

“That blond kid is going nuts.” Drawled Snipe. “Look at him go, he’s practically on a rampage.”

Hizashi leaned forward. “He’s being reckless though, look at that falling debris. If it weren’t for the black haired kid we’d have at least three serious injuries.”

Indeed, another of the examinees was shielding his fellow testers with the help of what appeared to be a hardening Quirk. “He’s certainly racking up those rescue points.” He commented. There was a potential Holder. He thought. One must be selfless.

Only Nezu and Recovery Girl knew the real reason he was here, so it wasn’t exactly like he could ask the other teachers on their opinions of a possible successor. Not that he didn’t trust the other Heroes, it was just that the less people knew, the less likely it was to get out. One For All was a guarded secret that was only shared when strictly necessary.

“With that amount he’ll most likely get in.” Nemuri grinned. “Same with the blond. He’s going to need some behavioral control though; I can already tell.”

“I don’t want him.” Vlad said immediately.

Aizawa glared at him from across the room. “And you think I do? I’ve already got to deal with Endeavor’s brat, I don’t need another cocky powerhouse.”

“No matter.” Nezu said, the chatter dying in an instant. “It’s time for the Zero Pointers.”

The small rodent? bear? looked far too gleeful as he pressed the large red button, activating the gigantic robots, causing immediate chaos. Even through the screens Toshinori could see the fear and panic overtaking many of the teens, screams ringing through several arenas.

“Never gets old.” Nemuri said, licking her lips. “Think someone’ll try to go after the Zero Pointer?”

Snipe shook his head. “You still have that bet with Hizashi? No one’s destroyed the thing since All Might. Even if there were kids powerful enough to break it, they’re probably booking it. It’s not worth any points.”

She crossed her arms. “It’s got to happen one of these years! Even if it’s by accident I still win!”

“Well it looks like you owe me another meal out,” Hizashi said with a grin, adjusting his glasses. “No one’s going after them.”

“Make sure to watch Arena H.” Aizawa said suddenly. “There’s a girl trapped under some rubble. We’re going to have to stop the Zero Pointer before it steps on her.”

No sooner than the words left his mouth did a green-haired boy start running towards her.

“Ooohhh, what’s this?” Nezu leaned forward, eager as the rest of them to see how it panned out.

The boy used what looked like some form of telekinesis to float the rubble off of her, but it was too late. Her legs appeared to be injured and he wouldn’t be able to help her get her out of the Zero Pointer’s range before it hit both of them.

He then sent all the surrounding rubble flying at the Zero Pointer, seemingly purposely aiming for the joints.

“I guess I don’t owe you a meal.” Nemuri gloated as the enormous robot crashed to the ground.

 

…

 

Ochako Uraraka panted heavily as she pressed the pads of her fingers together, causing the robots above her to come crashing to the ground.

45. She thought triumphantly, pointedly ignoring the nausea rolling through her gut. She knew would soon reach her limit, but damned if she was going to make it to fifty points.

I will get into U.A. She mentally chanted. No one can stop me-

A loud rumble tore through the testing ground, and Ochako whipped around to see-

HOW IS THAT A ZERO POINTER?!

Ochako wasted no time, sprinting as fast as she could away from her impending doom when rubble fell from the nearby building and trapped her legs. Trapped her in the way of the looming robot so huge it blocked out the sun.

She attempted to use her Quirk on the rubble, but it wasn’t within her limit-having already used it so much today.

I’m gonna die I’m gonna die I’m gonna die.

Then she saw him.

 

…

 

Tenya Iida stared in horror as the Zero Pointer rose, causing mass destruction to the buildings around it. Most of the examines had already fled the scene, not wanting to be anywhere near the towering figure and risk the rest of their precious time on fighting something that wasn’t even worth any points.

He was about to do the same when he noticed someone running towards instead of away from the robot. A second later, he realized why.

A girl was trapped underneath the rubble, desperately trying to claw her way out to no avail. As the short green haired boy reached her, he saw them quickly exchange words, the distance too great for Tenya to hear them.

After a quick nod, the boy extended his right hand forcefully towards the rubble trapping the girl.

The Zero Pointer was nearly on them.

The rubble began to float was sent flying towards the Zero Pointer, knocking it backwards as the boy slung the girl’s arm over his shoulder and the two began limping away from the falling robot.

“TIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMES UP, LISTENERS! LET’S HOPE YOU GOT ENOUGH POINTS!” Present Mic’s loud voice broke through the testing ground. “ALL THOSE WHO ARE INJURED PLEASE GO SEE A MEDIC! PLUS ULTRA!”

As the small boy helped her across the field to the doctor, for a fraction of an instant, Tenya’s eyes met his.

Why didn’t you help? Those cold green eyes seemed to ask. Why did you stand by?

The boy’s eyes flickered away and the moment was gone.

Tenya almost hoped the boy wouldn’t get in, despite his heroic actions, so he wouldn’t have to see those cold, cold eyes again.

 

…

 

Izuku hadn’t originally planned on saving the girl, but something about the desperate way she attempt to get away had hit a little too close. He knew what it was like to be trapped with no way out.

Thankfully, Air lift, Minor pull and Force push had been enough to lift the rubble, and with a little help from Auto aim he’d managed to stop the robot and he’d been able to get her out before both of them got crushed. He’d probably gotten enough points earlier to make up for the lost time, so he wasn’t too worried about getting in. He hoped she was doing okay, her bubbly pink light had been strained the last time he’s seen her, though in all fairness, she had been so nauseated at the time she’d throw up on his shoes.

He tried not to remember how easily he could have grabbed her light, how wonderful the bubbliness would have felt if he were to hold it.

Izuku slung the backpack filled with all his belongings over his shoulder.

I wonder if there’s any youth shelters that won’t ask questions.
Chapter 2: And They Were Roommates
Summary:

    The results for the entrance exam are in and not everyone is happy. Aizawa is tired, Mineta is trash, and Kurogiri just wants to keep his bar clean.

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Izuku swallowed heavily as he looked at the results of the exam.

 

Written test: 94%

 

Physical exam: 24 villain points and 30 rescue points.

 

He had done it, he’d been accepted to U.A.

I did it mom, he thought, silent tears streaming down his face. I’m going to be a Hero.

 

…

 

Shota Aizawa was tired.

It wasn’t a new development, and probably wouldn’t change anytime in the foreseeable future, but at this very moment, his tiredness could be blamed on one individual in particular.

 All Might.

When Nezu first told them that the Number One Hero was going to be joining the teaching staff at U.A. Shota nearly spat out his coffee, and would have if not for the fact that it would have wasted perfectly good coffee. The reveal of his smaller form also came as a surprise, but in truth it did make sense. No one ever saw All Might getting groceries, and it was pretty hard to miss an extremely buff seven-foot-tall man. There were just some people you couldn’t miss.

So now not only were they going to be dealing with a new teacher with zero experience handling kids, but the added press of All Might being at the school gave Shota a headache just thinking about it.

“The school year hasn’t even started, why do you already look like you want to commit homicide?”

He looked up to see Nemuri leaning against his desk, a turtleneck and jeans replacing her iconic Hero Costume. There was no need for her to wear it in the sanctity of the teachers lounge, not to mention that there weren’t even any kids in the building at the moment.

“Just thinking about what a pain this year is going to be.” He groaned. “We’ve got the blond idiot joining us, and I can already tell this year’s class is going to be a nightmare.”

She raised an eyebrow. “This soon? I thought we got a decent batch. Quite a few of the kids were impressive during the entrance exam.”

Shota took a sip of his coffee. “The entrance exam is flawed and you know it.”

Nemuri didn’t argue. “We work with what we’ve got.” She said with a sigh. “You’re not the only one who’s pissed though, I seriously can’t believe that Nezu let Minoru Mineta join U.A., much less the Hero Course.”

“It wasn’t completely up to him.” Shota reminded her. “The board pushed hard for him to get in, his family donated a lot of money.”

Nemuri slammed her hand against his desk. “That doesn’t excuse the fact that he has had several sexual assault and harassment claims made against him! Even if his school tried to cover them up they’re still there.”

Shota gave her a look. “You know what Nezu’s doing, don’t you? The brat’s in my class, so the second he does something inappropriate I’ll boot him. If he does it on U.A. grounds in front of a teacher than the board won’t be able to refuse us expelling him. Not unless they want a media shitstorm.”

This seemed to temper the full on rant that had been brewing within her. “I still wish we didn’t have to play this stupid game.” She said, wrinkling her nose.

“And I wish All Might wasn’t going to be teaching here, but we can’t always have what we want, now can we?”

“I know that.” She playfully swatted him. “What do you have against All Might anyway? You seem particularly aggravated over his appointment. How can you hate the Number One Hero?”

Shota rolled his eyes. “I don’t hate him, I just think it’s illogical to have him teach with us. He’s got no experience and we’ll only become more of a target.”

“Even if we have All Might joining us, what’s the worst that can happen? We’ve always been a target for villains, we’ve dealt with it before and we will again.” Nemuri said resolutely. “Nothing bad is going to happen.”

 

 

Famous last words.

 

…

 

Hitoshi Shinsou tried to hold in the tears that threatened to spill down his face, the symbol of U.A. disfigured as he crumpled the letter. What were you expecting? A voice that sounded suspiciously like his mother hissed. Why would they accept someone like you into the Hero Course. All you’ll ever be is a villain.

He clenched his fists.

Stupid exam. Stupid Quirk bias.

He looked at the darkening sky.

I’m gonna need some shelter before it starts raining.

 

…

 

 

Fifteen minutes and one soaking shirt later, Hitoshi managed to get to his usual spot. While the abandoned warehouse wasn’t the most ideal place for a teenager to be living, he still preferred it over going back there. As musty and dirty as this place was, at least it didn’t smell of booze and bad life choices.

It was as close to a home as he got, or at least, it usually was, when there wasn’t someone else on his couch.

It had taken him three hours to haul that thing from the lawn front he’d found it from, and there was someone just casually lying there.

“Who are you?” he demanded, striding toward.

The body jolted out of what he assumed was sleep and the figure fell off the couch.

Good. Hitoshi thought vindictively.

As they quickly scrambled to their feet, Hitoshi got a better look at who was invading his space. Messy dark green hair and a smattering of freckles filled his vision as the boy who looked to be around his age met his eyes.

“Fuck.” The boy said.

It was a short and somewhat relatable response, and enough to let Hitoshi take control.

Intelligent green eyes went blank as the boy became a virtual doll.

“Who are you?” he asked.

“Izuku Midoriya.” Came the robotic answer.

“Why are you here?”

“I needed a place to stay. I don’t want to have to stay at the youth shelters all the time and I figured I could just crash here.”

“Could you not tell someone was already living here?”

“I just figured I would scare them off and take it as my own.”

Hitoshi blinked in disbelief. This…small child honestly thought he would have been able to scare of the person living here. It could have been a full-grown man or villain for all the other boy knew. What the fuck?

“Why do you need a place to stay?” Is he like me?

Though it shouldn’t’ve been possible, Hitoshi somehow felt a great strain on his connection to the boy, as if something was trying to make his mental bond break.

“I don’t have anywhere else to go.”

He should just make the other boy leave and forget this ever happened. That would be the smart thing to do, the safe thing to do, there was literally no reason for him let the other boy stay.

“If I let you go and let you remember what happened, would you…” Hitoshi can’t believe he’s doing this. “Like to stay here with me?” Oh my god he shouldn’t’ve done that. He should not have done that. Why would someone, much less a complete stranger, want to live with someone who had just Brainwashed them? He should just order the boy to forget this, yes, that’s what he should do. Hitoshi opened his mouth to fix this fucking mess that he’d gotten himself into because he was so goddamn lonely-

“Sure.”

 

What.

 

Hitoshi looked into the brainwashed boy’s eyes. “Repeat what you just said.” His voice didn’t crack, damnit.

“Sure.” The boy said obediently.

“You don’t care that I’ve used my Quirk on you? Or what my Quirk is?”

“No.”

The strain on his mind came back, doubling in strength. Hitoshi winced as he struggled to maintain his connection to the other teen.

“Are you going to hurt me in any way if I let you go?”

“No.”

That was enough for Hitoshi, who released his hold on the shorter boy’s mind with a hiss. He didn’t know what that was, but whatever it was, it had hurt. It had felt as though a sledgehammer had been pounding against his head with a vengeance.

The blank look faded from-what was it? Midoriya’s eyes as the teen straightened. “That was a weird feeling.” Hitoshi tensed at the boy looked directly at him. “What’s your name, new roommate?” Now that he was in control of himself, his words had a slight accent to them.

God, this was so strange.

“Hitoshi Shinsou.”

And odd curved smiled came to rest on Midoriya’s face. “It’s nice to meet you Shinsou.” He held out his hand, scars running over freckled skin.

Hitoshi clasped it, his larger hand practically swallowing the other boy’s.

 

“Likewise.”

 

…

 

Somewhere in a poorly lit bar, Tomura Shigaraki sat, scratching his neck as though it had personally offended him.

“Want to destroy him.” The pale man muttered at the news channel which had just shown the Number One Hero himself winning another battle. “I’m going to destroy him and this stupid world.”

Kurogiri merely watched the other cautiously, ready to transport any of his precious glasses in case Shigaraki proved to be…particularly unstable tonight.

“All in good time.” Came a soothing voice from the tv. “We will make them pay, don’t you worry. After all, I’ve made just the right tool for you to destroy All Might.”

Shigaraki perked up. “Really, Sensei? You did that for me?” the pure reverence in his voice was rare to hear.

