

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: austen words:10000-50000 sort:title 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Hide Creator's Style Share 

    Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Teen And Up Audiences 

Archive Warning:

        Graphic Depictions Of Violence 

Categories:

        F/MM/M 

Fandom:

        Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling 

Relationships:

        Harry Potter & Severus SnapeDraco Malfoy & Harry PotterNeville Longbottom & Harry Potter 

Characters:

        Harry PotterSeverus SnapeDraco MalfoyNeville LongbottomAlbus DumbledoreMinerva McGonagall 

Additional Tags:

        Severitus | Severus Snape is Harry Potter's ParentManipulative Albus DumbledoreAbusive Dursley Family (Harry Potter)Slytherin Harry PotterBadass Mother Lily PotterGood Severus SnapeSmart Harry PotterAlternate Universe - Canon DivergenceBook 1: Harry Potter and the Philosopher's StoneMentor Severus SnapeAlbus Dumbledore BashingImplied/Referenced Child AbuseGood SlytherinsWordcount: Over 100.000PaganismPagan GodsPagan FestivalsWorldbuildingWizarding Politics (Harry Potter)Pureblood Politics (Harry Potter)On HiatusAbandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued 

Language:
    English 
Series:
    Part 1 of Aethelind's Legacy 
Collections:
    BooksToMonitor, Phoenix's Currently Reading List | On Going, Aurelia’s heart did a squee, Zoya's Severus Fics, Books I would lose sleep over, Squib Game, To remember and cherish, HP fics I'd kill for, the best fics I've read on ao3, great harry potter fics, Ficspotter, Amaris' Harry Potter Favourite Super Duper Good Fics Ever, Awakeat3chaos, Alternative Universes of Fandoms I enjoy., Bardzo, Lyrane’s treasure trove, Severitus fics for the soul, Ongoing fic, Ash’s abs favorites, Lilranko Interesting Read List, Avada Kedavra B!tch, my heart is here, HP stories I could read a thousand times⚡💚⚡, Worldbuilding, just some incredible hp ff, HPs I love, Praised be the world in its never-ending creation., Da leggere all'occorrenza, Hp enjoyed, Harry Potter Fics, hello yes i can’t stop thinking about these works, The functioning of the world has been fixed [HP], HP (in progress), AnoditeOmniaAbuzz, HP Slytherin-esque fics, Fics Worth Losing Sleep Over, ZombieLove's Time Eaters, Maybe I’m slightly obsessed with Drarry, Ghost' s Slytherin Fics Ongoing Library, collection of fics over the years, Martian's Delights, Best of Drarry, glitters faves ✨, Ris’ WIP favs, konokure's all time best, Harry Potter, Rowan Lestrange's Top Fanfics, hereBeGems, the most wonderful of harry potter, S.T.I.L.L., best fics to ever exist, Harry and Co, ⚡Harry Potter⚡, HP and marauders (ALL TBR/CR), HP WIP, My Best of HP Fics, Mis favoritos (MinieTatakae), Absolutely favorite works, Spy's Ao3 Archive, G's List of works to Read 
Stats:

    Published:
        2020-10-24
    Updated:
        2022-10-21
    Words:
        229,080
    Chapters:
        52/?
    Comments:
        4,092
    Kudos:
        17,162
    Bookmarks:
        5,822
    Hits:
        646,948

Buried Memories
BellaBix
Summary:

    On Harry's 10th birthday, he falls gravely ill. So ill that the Dursleys, after days of leaving the boy in agony, are forced to take him to the hospital. When Muggle medicine fails, Severus Snape is the one to answer the call for aid. He soon realizes that all he has been told of the boy's 'pampered', 'loved' and 'spoiled' life have been utter fabrications.

    When Severus sees the depths to which Albus Dumbledore is willing to sink to play games with their lives, he decides he must protect the boy from the Headmaster, before it is too late.

    * * *

Notes:

    Hello!

    A quick note to everyone who has left kudos, commented, sent me your support and generally made this project worthwhile. I want you to know that, though I am terrible at replying to comments, I read every one and they always make my day.

    Despite how much I love this project, I am afraid that I have not been able to finish it. Though I was really hoping to, that might not be in the cards. I started this project when I was struggling with a lot and I gained so much out of sharing it with others. However, I've had to put a (semi)permanent pause in order to move forwards with and focus on my non-fan-fiction work.

    Though I won't be able to tie up all the loose ends I wanted to, I hope that I've been able to leave things at a somewhat satisfying stop by tying up the Neville storyline. I really hope that I get a chance to come back to this one day, but in case I don't, please know that I learned so much from the HP FF community and from writing this. To those new readers who are curious, I really hope you read this anyway.

    Much love,

    Bellabix
    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

    TRIGGER WARNING.

    Later on in this work there will be some mentions of violence when Severus Snape begins looking back over his Death Eater days. There is a purpose to this, but I will provide warnings on the chapter itself.

    Hope you enjoy!

(See the end of the work for other works inspired by this one.)
Chapter 1
Chapter Text

On Harry's 10th birthday, he fell ill. So ill that the Dursley's, after a few days of leaving Harry stuffed in his cupboard hoping the problem with resolve itself, had to take him to the hospital.

Harry didn't have the energy to eat. To sip water or nibble at the stale bread rolls the Dursley's shoved in the cupboard for him.

It wasn't like Harry had the most varied diet living with the Dursleys, he was lucky to get a meal at all, but after a few days with no water or food, even the sturdiest of humans will starve to death. So, when Harry showed no sign of improvement, his Aunt begrudgingly dragged him to a bustling Surrey A&E.

Harry lay prostrate in the back seat, with Aunt Petunia grumbling up front as she drove.

His skin felt like it was on fire. Every single inch of it. From his hair to his fingertips and toes.

It was a sizzle, as if he'd been set alight. And it had been like that for days. His insides curling and burning, gurgling like an over-boiled pot.

There was no relenting. He couldn't sleep, just every now and then pass out from the pain, whimpering into unconsciousness before coming back to himself, an hour or two later, with fresh torture blazing him awake.

"Shut it, boy," Aunt Petunia hissed as she dragged him through the entrance to the hospital, the bright artificial light stinging his eyes. "Stop making such a fuss!"

Aunt Petunia dragged him to the reception area and tried to give his details while he hung for dear life onto the counter.

Then everything went black and he felt the world dip.

He woke up in agony. In a hospital bed, with a woman in a white coat standing at the end of his bed. Aunt Petunia frowning and gnashing her teeth as she listened to the woman speak.

He tried to sit up but then a fresh wave of pain knocked him on his back again.

"Harry? Harry, lay back now. I'm going to give you a sedative," the woman said, rushing to his side and barking orders at another woman in the room. "I'm Doctor Garnet, I need you to tell me where it hurts."

"Everywhere," Harry whimpered. He could feel the tears spill. "H-hurts--"

"Okay," Doctor Garnet pulled on some gloves and fussed with something then, injected it into a tube attached to his arm.

The world went fuzzy and dim after that.

The next few days were a buzzing, fading mess of darkness and pain. Every now and then he'd wake, find a sweet-toned nurse cleaning him or Doctor Garnet asking him questions.

Where did it hurt?

Everywhere. His skin, his muscles, his scalp and his teeth. His nose and his jaw and his bones and his feet.

How do you feel?

Awful. Like someone had carved up his skin and sprinkled it with salt. Pounded his wounds with a hammer and cracked his bones to a pulp.

Nausea and agony. That was everything he knew. He had no idea how much time had passed when he woke one day, eyes still closed but the world around him slowly fading into noise and coherency.

"Absolutely not," Uncle Vernon hissed. "Not in a million years. Let the boy die. Better off for everybody, I say."

"We can't," Aunt Petunia growled. "If he's gone then so will the payments."

"They don't have to know."

"They'll find out. They have their freakish ways of tracking things. Demons looking after their money. They'll find out."

Uncle Vernon growled. "We could just leave him here. If he's sick here then he's not at home with us."

"If they find out--" there was the click of footsteps as someone stepped into the room.

"Excuse me," a sweet-toned voice said. "Any luck eating his lunch today?"

"Oh, no dear," Aunt Petunia cooed, "poor darling can't keep anything down."

"Oh, how awful," there was the click of plastic as the woman picked up a tray. "Well, maybe tomorrow."

They waited until the click of heels were gone, then Aunt Petunia's voice turned hushed and acrid.

"If anything happens to him, Vernon--" she stopped abruptly, "these people are dangerous. We don't want to anger them."

There was a long, bleeding silence. The hushed sound of hospital chatter and a musty, clinical smell as Harry curled silently in the sheets, skin still burning. Muscles on fire.

"You know someone?" Vernon hissed. "One of--" he stopped, "one of them?"

"I have an old number," she whispered. "Lily's... friend."

Uncle Vernon growled like a dying bear. "Fine. Let's get this over with."

That was one of the last comprehensible things Harry remembered. He didn't know how much time passed after that. No concept of hours or days. Or even weeks.

The next thing he knew was being startled awake by a strange taste on his tongue. Hanging over him was a dark figure. Blurred by Harry's lack of glasses.

Harry could just about make out hanging black hair, like dark curtains, surrounding a pale face.

Harry hissed with pain. Whimpering.

Something was pressed to his lips.

"Drink," said a deep, icy voice, brokering no arguments.

Harry did as he was told, nearly hurling the drink back up again it tasted so vile. But he managed to swallow it down anyway.

Harry lay back and heard the man begin to chant in a strange language Harry didn't recognize. A bright, white light gleamed from the end of a stick and Harry realized he must be dreaming.

He lay back and breathed, feeling a numbness finally drown out the pain for the first time in a long time. And it was so wonderful he nearly drifted back off to sleep.

The dark man clicked his fingers. "Awake," he snarled. "I would not have woken you unless it were necessary. Now, describe your symptoms."

"Pain," Harry breathed. "Everywhere."

There was an aggravated huff. "Specifics, Potter. What manner of pain. Where in particular is it most prevalent?"

Harry swallowed and tried to think. "Burning," he whispered. "All along my skin and my muscles and my--my bones. And my chest hurts--"

"Where? How?"

Harry touched the center of his torso, above his naval. "Hot and..." Harry hissed, feeling the pain begin to creep back. "Stings."

Harry heard the man swear. "The pain's returning already?"

Harry nodded, whimpering. "Hurts."

"Blasted Muggles," the man growled. He grabbed Harry by the shoulder. "Sit up."

"C-can't," Harry sniffled. "Burns."

"Damn it all," the man growled, then threw the sheets off of Harry and grabbed the boy under the armpits and below his knees, hauling him into his arms. "Hold tight."

Harry did, clutching at the man's shoulders, hot tears falling from his cheeks onto the man's black clothes. He felt a wrenching sensation in his gut and a whirl, like they were twisting very quickly around a merry-go-round. Far, far too fast.

Harry whimpered and swallowed down his nausea when the spinning stopped, clutching tight.

The man ran, Harry jumbled up and down in his arms as they rushed. There was a gentle breeze and a quiet hum of birds.

When Harry opened his eyes he saw a forest in the distance, silhouetted by either a sunrise or sunset. Harry didn't know which.

Where were they, Harry wondered. How did they get here?

The answer, of course, was obvious.

He was dreaming. So he wasn't really here at all.

The path stretched as the man ran, Harry bundled in his arms, huffing and swearing under his breath while the burning swelled in his chest again, stinging and spreading until his skin and muscles were aflame again.

Harry hissed and breathed, tears falling.

He couldn't bear this any longer. He couldn't do it. He wanted to die, it was so bad. Dying would be better than this.

When Harry next opened his eyes, they were inside. Hurrying past ornate windows carved into stone walls. They dashed past portraits that moved and suits of armor that curiously turned their heads when they passed.

The man carried him up several flights of stairs while the staircases twisted and moved by themselves.

He didn't know how many staircases they ascended before they were rushing through a hallway and into a room filled with hospital beds and white privacy curtains. The man rushed to a bed and set him down.

"Your efforts to avoid retching on me have been noted and appreciated," the man said, throwing the cover over Harry as the boy shuddered, curled up and shivered. "I will be a moment."

The minute felt like an hour. Harry curled up and tried not to whine. Not to whimper, like Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia told him not to, but it hurt. Everything hurt. His whole body. Twisting and burning.

Harry heard a door burst open and two sets of feet hurry forward.

"--should have sent him to St. Mungo's!"

"Oh yes, fine idea. Have me of all people burst in carrying the Boy-Who-Lived in unbearable pain. What could possibly go wrong?"

"Hush! Symptoms?"

"He's experiencing pain at his magical core. I believe his symptoms begin there. Spreading out to his skin, muscles and bones. It appears they've left him like that for days."

"Merlin above," the woman hissed, rushing to his side. "Grab the pain reli--"

"I gave him some," the man said. "I wore off in mere seconds."

"Magic save him, that poor darling," the woman hissed and then hesitated. "Ostende Mihi Magica Potentia!"

The woman gasped.

Harry could feel a bright glow emanating from his chest.

"What is this?"

"Get Albus," the woman rasped, her voice low and panicked. "Now."

Harry heard footsteps hurry away and the woman clatter over to a cupboard, glass clinking as she grabbed something and rushed to Harry's side.

"Mister Potter," she said, "when did the pain start?"

"B-birthday," Harry whispered, "woke up with it."

"Merlin," she breathed, "you poor dear." A wet cold cloth dabbed at his forehead. "We'll get you fixed up. I promise."

Harry exhaled in a sharp short puffs, his chest burning like an inferno. He felt the world slip as he passed out.

Then he woke again to hushed voices.

"--would cause this sort of reaction?" Came the familiar voice of the dark man. "His core is practically on fire."

"It's hard to tell," the woman said. "A spell, I believe. One cast at his birth. It was not uncommon practice for parents to cast protective or power-amplifying spells at birth, once upon a time."

"That's Blood Magic, Poppy. The Potters would never cast such spells."

"Someone did," the woman replied. "It was set to last him until his tenth birthday, then be replaced or renewed, but without a parent to do so--"

"It's burning out?" The dark man asked. "Merlin, why would they risk such a dangerous spell?"

"It's not the spell that's the problem," she whispered. "His core is protecting him."

"Protecting him?" Came another voice. Soft and low. Like a kindly old gentlemen. "This seems a rather counter-productive way of doing so."

There was a hesitation. "I did a full diagnostic," she whispered. "He's malnourished. His organs are half-way to failure. His body is damaged and starved of nutrients. His magic can tell that if it allows the spell wear off, the shock could kill him. His core is desperately trying to maintain stasis, but holding the change off is causing him unbearable pain. And when it becomes too weak to..."

There was a long, uncomfortable silence. "Poppy, my dear, you must be mistaken--"

"Don't, Albus," the woman hissed. "I know a neglected child when I see one. He'd be dead already if he were Muggle." She inhaled a breath and exhaled again like she were steadying herself. "I'll start him on Nutrisi. But he'll need a whole regimen of potions to undo the damage. When he's well enough, his body will stop preventing the spell from fading. Until then, he's left to suffer unbearable pain the likes of which I can only compare to a Crucio."

There was a pause. "Severus, I think perhaps you should leave. You shouldn't be--"

"I think not, Albus," the dark man growled. "It is becoming abundantly clear you cannot be trusted with the boy's welfare."

The man's returning voice was low and warning. "Severus--"

"Leave," the dark man hissed, "leave before I Crucio you myself."

There was a clatter of steps toward the cupboard and the dark man whispered to the woman, Poppy, asking for the names of potions.

When Harry opened his eyes, he could make out the blurred figure of a man with a long, white beard. He was standing a little way off, staring at Harry as if analyzing him.

Then a dark figure slammed past him, almost knocking him aside.

"Head up," the dark man said, firm and urgent, "drink this."

Harry did as he was told. This potion tasted of a thousand of the worst, most pungent vegetables and fungus. He winced as he swallowed it down. His head swimming from the pain.

The woman passed over more potions, more vials of foul-tasting wretchedness and Harry tried very hard not to throw them all up again. He felt a cold wet cloth pat his forehead.

"Here, one more to help you sleep," the man told him, then pressed the potion to Harry's lips. He drank it down and then the world slipped into nothing.

#

Usually Severus would be thrilled by the opportunity to try something new. Most of these potions were Healer-grade and complex to the point of almost impossible.

For the layman, at least.

Normally, it would be a delight to try his hand at them, but with the memory of the boy shuddering and wracked with pain, any lingering enjoyment in the brewing process had been utterly decimated.

Something was utterly, unbearably wrong.

He knew it from the moment Petunia made the call. The way she referred to him. "Lily's brat."

She'd spat her sister's name like poison.

"The boy's one of yours," she'd growled, "you fix him."

One short phone call had sharply thrown any lingering conviction in the happy fiction that Albus had fed him.

'Pampered', 'loved', 'spoiled', the old man had told him.

And then he'd gone and seen him. Shivering with sweat and whimpering in pain. His wrists thin and tubes sticking from him his arm and out his nose.

Utterly alone in the middle of visiting hours. With nobody there to comfort him or hold his hand.

Severus swirled the first brew, checking the blood red consistency of the Zemra Tincture and inhaling the fumes. He bottled as many as he could from the mixture. Then set them in the first tray. Then he moved to his next cauldron, checking and bottling the Pfferter brew.

When the tray was full and the last of the phials capped, he grabbed it and swept from the room, rushing as swiftly as he could to the hospital room.

Poppy was still fussing over the boy, checking his vitals like a woman obsessed. All this was already beyond her purview as a Medi-Witch, but Albus had put his foot down at the suggestion of a Healer.

"Too many prying eyes will endanger the boy's safety," the old man had claimed. "I must find someone we can trust, first."

That, of course, could take days. Days which they had not the time for. Not with the boy in such agony.

"Here," He set the tray down on the bedside and passed her the first phials of the Zemra Tincture and Pffetter Brew. "A week's worth at least."

"Thank you, Severus," Poppy whispered, grabbing them quickly. "Mister Potter," she stroked the boy's hair whispering his name as she tried to wake him, but there was not even a flutter. "He's passed out."

"Wideye Potion?" Severus asked.

"Please."

Severus swept to the cupboard and grabbed a phial then rushed back and handed it to the woman.

The boy hissed as he awoke, whimpering already with the pain but managing barely to keep from crying out.

"Mister Potter," Poppy muttered, voice careful and sweet, "I have some potions for you. They should help."

The boy swallowed and nodded, slowly opening his eyes. She uncorked the Zemra Tincture and he drank down the sticky red concoction with a twisted face at the taste. Next was the Pffetter Brew. He swallowed it down and breathed slowly, in and out as he waited for the potions to work.

Then he his eyes fluttered open with shock and a sigh escaped his lips. "I... feel better."

Poppy breathed with relief. "Thank magic for that."

Severus closed his eyes and swallowed. "Good," he muttered, then opened his eyes, "good work Poppy."

The Medi-Witch smiled in return. "And you."

"What did you give me?" The boy croaked, voice still hoarse.

"Those were the final two in a course of Healer-grade health potions. The most complicated of the lot and the most important. They're fixing most severe of your organ damage."

"Organ damage?" The boy rasped.

"Your body, Mister Potter," Severus began, "has been struggling to cope under the weight of a number of health issues, caused by your... less than ideal living circumstances. Your parents appear to have imbued you with a spell at birth, most likely protective, and in an attempt to keep you from dying of shock, your magical core was trying to keep the effects from wearing off. We have stopped the pain by trying to fix the damage to your body, thus allowing the spell to fade naturally without damage."

"A spell?" The boy whispered. He was silent for a moment. "Like magic?"

Severus froze. A horrible foreboding spreading through him. "Exactly."

The boy was quiet for a moment, blinking up at him with those big green eyes. "I'm... not dreaming, am I?"

"No."

The boy blinked, green eyes wet and an understanding flooding across his face like freedom. "Magic is real?"

Severus swallowed and nodded. "Yes."

The boy licked his lips. "And my mother and father... were magical?"

"Your mother was a witch," Severus whispered, setting a hand on the boy's arm. "Your father was a wizard. As are you."

The boy pressed his lips together, then shut his eyes.

Severus looked at Poppy. The Medi-Witch was scowling at the realization. A fury in her eyes. "What do you know about your parents, young man?"

The boy blinked and wiped his eyes. "They... they died. In a car accident when I was one," Potter whispered, worrying his lip, "Aunt Petunia said they were... drunk."

A flood of rage swept through Severus's body. Like molten silver, ready to be forged into a blade.

"No," Severus slowly reached forward and touched the boy's forehead, brushing his thumb across his scar. "Your parents were hero's. Hero's who died protecting you."

The boy looked up at Severus as if he were a dark angel come to sweep him to safety. Adoring. His voice was a whisper as he spoke. "Please... tell me about them."

#

The dark man told him about his mother most of all. Lily. How she was sweet and caring, how she loved Harry more than anything. That she had eyes as green as Harry's and glorious auburn curls. That she was talented in Charms and Potions. That she died trying to protect him from the Dark Lord, who'd come to kill Harry and been banished from his mortal body after a failed Killing Curse.

He was brief with Harry's father, telling him that he was beloved by many, fostered many friendships and spent his last breath trying to hold off the powerful Dark Lord. Harry's father, like his mother, died protecting him. Even when he was outmatched and knew he had no hope. He held him off to buy his son and his wife time.

They weren't drunks, or deadbeats, or deviants.

They were hero's.

Hero's who loved Harry so much they died trying to save him.

"Why did I live?" Harry whispered. The question rolling around in his mind, most of all. "Why didn't it work? The Killing Curse."

The man hesitated at that. "It is hard to know for sure," he said. "I know someone who'd have us believe that love was the cause. That Lily dying in her attempt to protect you was a kind of old, pure light magic. One of the most ancient magics, which cast an almost unbreakable protection on you."

Harry paused. "Is that what you believe, sir?"

The man was silent for a long while, his hand tightened slightly on Harry's arm. He'd held onto Harry like that for a while. Gentle and grounding, like he was trying to keep Harry from floating away.

"I believe..." the dark man hesitated, "I believe that your mother was a powerful and adept Witch, who mastered every domain she set her mind to. I believe that it would be a mistake to discount that completely and throw it all onto a matter of luck and chance."

Harry just barely smiled at that. "You think she tricked him?" He asked. "Outsmarted him, somehow?"

Harry could just about make out a fuzzy smirk on the man's pale lips, though Harry's glasses were still missing. "I like to believe so." The man said. "It would be... a fitting irony, given his beliefs about Muggle-borns, such as her. But I have no proof. Just a notion."

Harry nodded. "I prefer your story."

The man was smiling now. He squeezed Harry's arm slightly. "As do I."

Harry felt just about well enough to sit up. The man helped him, propping his pillows up behind him and fixing his bedding in place. "Do you know where my glasses are?" Harry asked.

"Ah," the man chuckled, "I may have left those in that Muggle hospital during the fuss. I will procure you a new pair."

"Thank you," Harry smiled. "Um, sir... What should I call you?"

The man barked a throaty sound. "I usually pride myself on my skills of efficacy and control but I seem to have abandoned them somewhere in the last forty eight hours." The man huffed. "My name is Professor Severus Snape. You may refer to me as Professor or Sir, as is considered polite in Wizarding society. The woman who has been Healing you is Madam Pomfrey, the Medi-Witch here at Hogwarts."

Harry licked his lips. "Hogwarts the magic school," he said. He waited for the man to nod. "And why was I brought here and not, you know, to a magical hospital?"

He could have sworn he saw a smirk on the man's face. "Well noted," he said, tone dripping with pride, "I am afraid the details of exactly why are currently being kept strictly confidential, but I can tell you that you are quite famous in the magical world and arriving at a Wizarding Hospital in your state would have caused rather a stir."

"I'm famous?"

"Yes," Professor Snape replied. "You are the only person in recorded history to have survived a Killing Curse and you, according to the majority, were the one to defeat and eliminate the Dark Lord. You are often referred to, by the dimwitted masses, by the moniker 'The Boy-Who-Lived'."

"So I'm famous because I didn't die with my parents," Harry winced and looked away. "Great."

Snape paused, then slowly set a hand on Harry's shoulder. "It may not be a pleasant memory but your parents fought for you to their last breath, and likely saved you because of it." He squeezed gently. "Don't be ashamed of that. Honor it by living and making them proud." Then he hesitated. "Though, I must admit to being glad you don't relish the spotlight like a preening braggart."

"No, sir." Harry chuckled. "No risk of that happening. Promise."

The man smiled. "I'm glad."

"Severus," a voice called, low and quiet, a rumbling sound like a purring cat. Harry looked over to the doorway and just about made out a man in turquoise robes with a long white beard. "My office, if you have a moment."

The Professor hesitated. His hand sliding off Harry's shoulder as he straightened and turned. "Yes, sir. I will be only a moment."

There was a pause as the man stepped away. Then Snape turned to Harry. "I will see you soon, Potter," he said, voice still low. "Please rest."

Harry nodded. "I will, sir."

Then in a flourish of splendid black robes, the man was gone.

#

"No," Severus said.

The word clear as a thunderclap. The pronunciation elegant but razor-edged, like a blade so sharp it didn't pause when puncturing the skin.

The old man sat at his desk, hands folded and eyes no longer sparkling in that falsely cheerful facade. The Headmaster looked grim and firm.

"You do not believe he will be well enough in a week?" The Headmaster inquired, tone warning. "Poppy seemed to think that was the requirement for returning home."

"No," Severus snarled, "it is the minimum requirement to keep him from falling gravely ill. And no, he will not be returning to that vile woman's clutches."

The Headmaster frowned. "That woman is his blood. You know that the Blood Wards are--"

"Are worth nothing if the boy risks starving to death," Severus scowled. "Only an utterly heartless fool would send him back to those people. It is one thing to ignore the welfare of your students, Albus. It is quite enough to risk the welfare of the only boy with the power to defeat your enemy."

Albus's eyes turned hard as ice. "I will see to it that the Dursley's change their behavior."

"Oh, will you?" Severus snorted and laughed bitterly. "You'll sit them down and give them a sweet heart-to-heart. Implore to their sense of dignity." Severus sneered. "I assure you, Albus. Petunia has no dignity, nor pity, not for our kind. So long as the boy lives in their house, he is at risk."

There was a pause.

The old man's scowl faded to a neutral facade and he leaned back.

The quiet was heavy as stone.

"The boy will return there," the old man said. "The Blood Wards require it. Without them, the boy is in far more danger than the Dursleys could ever impart on him."

Severus recognized that tone well. It was the one that Master's used when their orders were not to be questioned or argued with.

Severus had heard it more often with the Dark Lord. But when Albus used it, it was irrefutable.

The man had made the boy's bed. Potter would return to the Dursleys and there was nothing Severus could do to stop it.

A horrid shudder crept up Severus's spine.

The old man didn't care.

It was despicable enough to neglect the welfare of abused students. Ones such as Severus, who'd beg and plead to be kept here for the holidays. It was another to force this boy, the boy Lily sacrificed her life to save, to live in amongst those who despised and neglected him.

They needed the boy.

And, more than that, Severus had pledged his life to protect him. Vowed it. And this man was asking Severus to break it.

Severus leaned back. Folded his arms. Mind whirring.

"What else?" Severus asked. There was more to the man's plots. More to expect than simply sending the boy home.

The Headmaster was quiet for a moment. "I believe that him being aware of your identity could be damaging to your future position as spy."

Severus felt sick. "You're going to Obliviate the boy?"

"It is an unfortunate necessity."

Necessity? Severus thought not. There were better ways to deal with the problem. But he could see the determination in the old man's eyes. The resolve.

Severus closed his eyes. His throat burning. "You want me to go along with this? They told the boy his parents were drunks who killed themselves driving under the influence. Who very nearly killed him."

The old man was silent.

Severus wondered, absently, if the old man would try to Obliviate him, too.

Soon, if he would, but not yet. Not until Severus had finished brewing the boy's potions. They were too complex for the layman potioneer. And the sale of Healer-Grade potions were controlled by the Ministry.

A couple of days, Severus realized. He had a couple of days to work with. Then the old man would do whatever he deemed necessary to continue the fiction he'd fed to Severus.

The Professor cleared his mind and packed away the memory of the boy in the hospital bed. The phone call with Petunia. He'd have to plan this carefully. Plot his approach carefully and delicately.

He opened his eyes and Occluded as he met the old man's.

"Grant me permission to speak to Petunia. To assure he will be cared for. I have experience with her and I know how to... manage her."

The old man hesitated, then nodded. "Very well, if it will ease your discomfort."

Severus stood up. "It will. Thank you, headmaster. I will need the day to procure ingredients for his next potions regimen."

The old man nodded. "The school's coffers are at your disposal."

Severus nodded and swept away. Determination fizzling in his chest.

He would find a way to shield the boy from the old fool's machinations. He would stick to his vow and protect Potter. No matter what.

* * *
Chapter 2
Chapter Text

Harry awoke from a strange dream. A dream with a magic castle and a dark angel, where his parents were hero's and he was famous and loved.

When Harry opened his eyes, he was in a hospital bed, with tubes in his arm and up his nose, and the familiar clack of hurried steps outside his room.

"Harry," a kind voice said. When Harry turned he saw a smiling woman. "Good morning. I'm Doctor Garnet. Do you remember me?"

Harry nodded.

"Good," the doctor said, scribbling something on his chart. "Tell me, how are you feeling?"

"Fuzzy," Harry muttered. "My head feels like a mess."

"Any chest pain or other symptoms?"

Harry lightly shook his head, rubbing his eyes. He couldn't help but feel like he was missing something. "How long have I been here?"

"Almost ten days now."

"T-ten?" Harry choked. "Really?"

The doctor nodded. "Back and forth between departments, I'm afraid, but it seems to have been worthwhile. We were very worried about you."

Harry blinked at that, feeling a little embarrassed at the thought. People didn't generally worry about him. Or work so hard for his sake.

"Thank you," he whispered. The woman smiled and patted his shoulder. The gesture felt familiar somehow.

"No trouble," she said. "Here," she reached for the side table and picked something up for him, passing it over. "I believe your old pair suffered some damage, these are a replacement, I believe."

Harry felt something settle in his hands and he looked down.

Glasses.

Not his usual pair, but a golden wire-rimmed set with a 60s style horn-rimmed black upper half. He pulled them on and blinked a moment as the world turned fuzzy and odd. Then the glasses almost seemed to adjust to his vision and faded in and out until they were perfect.

The doctor, now clear and bright, smiled at him. "Very smart," she said. "Time for lunch, I think. Do you feel well enough?"

"Sure," he said. "I think so."

She smiled and nodded. "Wonderful. I'll be a moment."

Harry ate the lunch down like it would be taken away. With more of an appetite than he ever usually managed. His portions were usually always so small at the Dursley's, he barely managed to finish a full meal sometimes before he felt sick.

Now, not only did he easily finish his portion, the doctor came by after and handed him a banana, noticing he was practically licking the plate clean.

"Well, this is a good sign," she said, smiling. "Keep going like this and you should be out of here in no time at all."

Harry couldn't help but wince at that. Nauseated by the thought.

#

Severus couldn't for the life of him figure out why he hadn't plotted the school curriculum out sooner.

It was barely a week before classes began once more and his whole first term was a giant question mark. Usually he comported himself better than this, but he did get unusually swept up in his brewing, it would seem.

More than that, he'd apparently lost all track of his organizational system and forgotten to procure replacement ingredients for his personal supply. He was out of fish livers, cattle blood, dragon's blood, newt brains and a whole collection of flora and fauna. Not to mention his stocks of empty phials were utterly gone.

Severus glared at the empty stores and scratched items on his list. It would cost him a small fortune to replenish these.

There was something unnerving about being this disorganized so close to term. Unusual. Especially with the fuzzy, unerring disorientation he'd awoken with that day. Like the aftermath of a flu and a hangover mixed in one.

Severus Floo'd from Spinner's End to the Leaky Cauldron and endured the packed and bustling Alley beyond, filled with eager children packing for their next year at Hogwarts.

The counters at Gringotts were rammed with patrons. Lines of them all queuing up for assistance. Severus sneered and folded his arms while he waited, trying his best to avoid the elbows of the surrounding plebeians as he slowly crept toward the front.

When he arrived at the desk, the Goblin sneered at him curiously, eyes narrowed. "Severus Snape?"

The Professor froze. "Yes," he said slowly. "Why?"

The Goblin simply nodded and jumped from his perch. "TILL CLOSED!" He yelled to the patrons behind Severus, delighting in their yells of fury and indignation. Severus was about to join them when the Goblin turned to him. "Follow me."

The Professor blinked and scowled, but did as bid. He'd long since ceased attempting understand or question the machinations of Goblins. They were a class with rules and dictums of their own. Set in stone, indubitable and utterly impossible to fathom for even the best of minds.

The Goblin hastened down a corridor of black marble with gold and white entwined within. The eyes of dead Master Goblins watched on high from their portraits. Sneers curious and eyes alight with intrigue.

They stopped at a door marked with a gold Sigel rune. The Goblin tapped the door twice with his knuckles and the door snatched open, revealing another scowling Goblin within.

"Ah, Professor Snape," the Goblin said, stepping back and indicating to the chair on the opposite side of the desk within. "Please sit. We have a lot to cover."

Severus slowly stepped inside, hesitating at the seat provided for him. "What is this in regards to? Is there a problem?"

"No," the Goblin said, closing the door and warding it, before he took his seat behind the desk and pulled out a box. "Not quite. You'll see soon enough. You paid us a visit recently for a project. You explicitly told us that if you returned to the bank, to pull you aside. You'll see why soon enough."

"I told you?" Severus repeated. The words circling around his head, twisting like the hands of a clock.

A project.

A project he had no memory of.

It seemed utterly impossible, and yet...

When he thought back to the missing ingredients in his store, he couldn't help but feel a twinge of confusion.

What potions had he been trialing that would use fish livers and dragons blood?

When he tried to cast his memory back to the days before, to his experimentation, his mind drew a blank.

He had been experimenting all summer, locked in his study at Spinner's End, trying new potions techniques, making meticulous notes. And yet, he couldn't for the life of him remember why he'd be using those ingredients.

"Oblivation," Severus whispered.

The Goblin sneered a smug smile and nodded. "You said it was a likelihood." He pressed his hand to the box and the magic burst like it did at the Vaults. The Goblin unpicked the lock and opened it wide.

Inside, was a Pensieve. Still filled with the silver liquid of a memory.

"My Pensieve?" Severus asked.

The Goblin nodded. "Yours. You left it here, and the memories, for safekeeping. You bought this brand new. Claimed you would need the old one kept in the open, to be inspected by... curious eyes."

The implication was clear.

Severus had known. Known not only that his memory was to be altered, but that his own home would be scoured and checked, his most personal and hidden possession, his Pensieve, would be scrutinized by the culprit.

"How long ago?" Severus asked, his thoughts whirring.

"Just over a week," the Goblin said. "You came to us six days ago, hired contractors through our services to do some work for you, kept it strictly off the books and had them swear vows and agree to be Obliviated when the work was done. The total sum of the services... took a rather large sum from your savings."

Severus swallowed.

What could possibly have been so important?

What would he have squandered his money for and why had he gone to such lengths to protect his memories.

The Goblin lifted the bowl and set it on the desk, then sat back. "I can leave you for a moment, if you wish."

Severus breathed, then shook his head and straightened, sitting forward until he could see the silver reflection of his stoic features.

He reflexively inhaled, then submerged himself in the memory.

#

There was something wrong.

Aunt Petunia came to collect Harry a couple of days later, when he was healthy enough to go. She stuffed him in the back, scowling without looking him in the eye and refusing to touch him, even when he was wobbling unsteadily on his feet.

The entire drive back, Aunt Petunia was silent. Her eyes drifting back to stare at him from the reflection of the rear-view mirror.

Harry didn't mind the quiet. He was still pretty exhausted, so he let himself drift off in the back, enjoying the quiet rumble of the radio until the engine died and Aunt Petunia stepped out the car.

She didn't bark at him to hurry up, just waited for him to get out.

Not a word.

She hadn't uttered a word since the doctor signed him off. She'd not even told him to follow her. Just waited for him to pack up and led him from the hospital.

They stepped inside and Aunt Petunia hesitated at the doorway, fiddling with her wedding ring, twisting the diamond around and around on her spindly finger. When the door was closed and Harry started walking to the cupboard under the stairs, she finally said her first word to him all week.

"Upstairs," she said, muttered like it was a dirty word.

Harry turned and frowned. "Uh, sorry?"

Petunia scowled like he was an idiot. "Upstairs. Smallest bedroom." She sneered, then slammed past him into the kitchen with a final bang of the door.

Harry stood there, blinking for a moment, trying to figure out what they meant.

Did they want him to clean Dudley's Second Bedroom? It seemed a little weird, especially so soon after leaving the hospital. The Dursley's were bad, but even that was cruel to an unbearable degree.

Harry just swallowed and started to step up the stairs, holding the railing tight as he went, as he struggled and huffed for breath.

The doctors had claimed he'd be within his right to take time off school when term started in a couple of weeks, but Harry would honestly rather be at school than here. He'd probably wind up doing chores, gardening or being insulted, as if he were a lazy deadbeat, and not a sick child recovering from a health scare that almost killed him.

He rose softly and steadily up the stairs until he was at the top. Then he stopped.

The door was different.

Not too obviously.

It was a similar white wood, with four panels and a silver door handle. But the paint was fresher. Gleaming. The handle was different. Not a plain one, but engraved and old fashioned, with a keyhole underneath.

Harry stepped forward, then hesitated.

He could feel something warm around the door.

No, not warm.

Just... welcoming. As if it gave off a fresh sort of feeling. Not heat or cold. But... something. Something that felt natural and radiant. Like a summer day.

He turned the handle.

The room had been cleared out. There was no more clutter. No more broken toys or forgotten nicknacks. There was a fresh pair of plain sheets on the bed. The desk and the top of the drawers had been cleared of junk and the window was open, letting in a gentle breeze.

His?

Was this room... Harry's now?

Why? Was it something to do with being sick?

Harry stepped inside and turned around the room, staring at it in wonder.

It felt bizarre to assume, knowing the Dursleys like he did, but... Aunt Petunia had said for him to come here.

He heard a faint pop and turned back to the desk, spotting a letter with his name on it in jagged cursive writing. He reached forward and picked it up.

It felt heavy. As if there were a large coin or a piece of jewelry inside. When he turned it over he saw a green wax seal, stamped with an SS.

The envelope was so lovely, he almost felt guilty to tear it open, but when he did and pulled out the folded slip of thick parchment inside, something fat and shiny spilled out with it and clattered onto the table.

He reached down and grabbed it.

A key. Antique-looking and embellished with a spiraling Celtic knot on the head. It hung from a chain, like a pendant. Shining silver, like the new door handle.

Harry picked it up and stared.

Was this for him? For the door.

He stared at it in wonder.

The idea of having a key to his own door was... amazing. A luxury. He'd never owned a key before. Not ever. Not even for the house. The Dursleys always said he couldn't be trusted with it.

He clutched it tight in his hand and unfolded the letter.

#

Mr Potter,

Though it will no doubt confuse you to follow these instructions, without a clue as to the purpose or indeed even the sender, I must insist that you do so.

Enclosed within is a key to your new bedroom door. I have seen fit to persuade the Dursleys to give you a place to sleep more befitting a human being and not a House Elf. But I have made some modifications to the room which will become evident shortly.

Before you continue, I please implore you to try and calm yourself and breathe. Then, I would like you to walk to the door, close it from within and lock it with the key enclosed.

Please only do so when there is not another person present in the room.

Yours faithfully,

SS.

#

Harry scowled at the letter, getting the distinct impression that this was some sort of prank.

He was fairly sure that he didn't know anyone with those initials. Although he supposed he didn't know Mrs Sanfords's first name. But his school teacher definitely didn't talk like this. With words like 'befitting' and 'implore'.

What's a House Elf? Harry wondered, reading the letter through again.

He supposed that if Dudley had written this, he wouldn't go to all the trouble of fixing the lock and learning how to write in cursive. Dudley could barely be bothered to spell properly, let alone learn that fancy calligraphy the sender had scrawled around the initials at the bottom.

Still, Harry crept over to the wardrobe and snuck a peek inside, and then under the bed, just to be sure that Dudley and Piers Polkiss weren't hiding somewhere.

Harry stepped over to the door, peered outside one last time, and quietly closed it. Then he slipped the key in the fresh gleaming silver lock.

When he turned it clockwise and heard the click, he felt like the room was buzzing and wobbling around him and under him. He felt a little dizzy and sickly, then the feeling stopped.

He breathed until the nausea dissipated, then turned around and froze.

This wasn't the smallest bedroom.

He was pretty sure this wasn't even a bedroom.

It was an apartment.

The room had spread to about the size of the Dursley's lounge. With a small kitchenette on one side, fitted with a strange iron cooker and a copper kettle, and a door to what looked like an actual pantry.

In the center of the room was a small table with one seat. On the opposite wall, either side of a giant fireplace that looked big enough for Harry to stand in, were two doors. And, ahead of the fireplace was a brown leather armchair with a furry green footstool in front.

This was an apartment.

How did he get here?

Still, when his gaze fell on the grand bay windows that made up the length of the center room, he could see Privet Drive. The man at Number Three mowing his lawn and last year's Christmas lights still hanging around Number Five's upstairs windows.

Harry was starting to think he was possibly still at hospital. Maybe he was in a coma.

Or on some really good meds.

He jumped at another soft pop and spotted a second letter on the table.

Harry stopped. Stared at it.

That definitely wasn't there a second ago.

He was pretty sure of it this time.

He scowled suspiciously at it and slowly stepped forward, sliding it from the table and turning it over.

The same green wax, stamped with the same SS. Harry chewed his lip, worrying at whether he should trust this mysterious SS at all or run from the room screaming the way he was pretty sure the Dursleys would be right now.

He tore open the envelope, slowly sliding the parchment from inside, then flipped it open.

#

Mr Potter,

I am hoping that, having inspected the room and seen that it is quite real, you will be more inclined to believe me when I continue with the more unbelievable statements disclosed within.

Magic truly exists. I have no doubt you'll still be skeptical of that statement, but upon finishing this letter I am intent to provide you with proof. You, Mr Potter, are a Wizard. As am I, in fact, and so, you may have grasped, were your parents.

Though there is much to cover and explain, one letter will doubtless be ineffective in covering it, so I state only the necessities for this missive.

The space you stand in has been altered by professional Wizarding Structural Designers. It begins with a basic expansion charm and a concealment charm set upon the door, to be unveiled, as you can see, at the turning of the key. It is sound-proofed and warded to avoid setting off magic-detectors, which I will explain in more detail another time. The key will not unveil the hidden space when a Muggle, or 'Non-Magical', person is present in the room.

To one side you will find two doors. One is a bathroom that will fit your needs and prevent you from requiring the facilities of the despicable creatures you have been encumbered with. The other door leads to your new bedroom, which should be self-explanatory.

I am afraid that it was not within my power to pull you from the clutches of the vile beasts that call themselves your family. I only wish I could. The best that I could do was provide you a safe space to avoid them and make certain that they no longer overwhelm you with chores and starve you. If they begin to do so again, I should know and I will deal with it.

It is utterly crucial that you never speak of this space or ask about my identity to those around you. I have provided this refuge by unlawful means and there are people who may, if it is discovered, undo it or arrest me, leaving you once again at the mercy of your Aunt and Uncle.

As to why this is happening now, you fell ill with a magical ailment, of sorts. More correctly, a complication because of a fading protective spell. In the process of curing it, my colleague and I discovered your health was failing because of neglect. I will, therefore, be providing you with health potions to counteract the years of malnourishment and destruction those disgusting animals have caused you. Please take said potions as soon as they arrive and take note of the instructions, if attached.

And now, in closing, I would like to provide you with the as promised opportunity for proof of the existence of magic. When you are finished with this letter and feel balanced and sound, please state aloud, "Jiffy", and try not to be alarmed.

Yours faithfully,

SS.

#

If Harry weren't standing in a magical apartment he would be absolutely certain the last part of the letter was a joke. But at this point it was hard to tell what was real and what wasn't.

So Harry folded the letter and stared around the room, then licked his lips and quietly said: "J-Jiffy?"

With a sudden loud pop and a burst of air, a small creature appeared, with flopping bat-like ears and pinkish skin, giant green eyes and wearing a pillowcase.

"Bloody hell!" Harry yelped, jumping away.

"Master Potter!" The small creature cried, smiling eagerly as if she was utterly delighted to meet him. "I is Jiffy! Jiffy was so looking forward to meeting you! Master S told Jiffy to tell you..." she cleared her throat and stood proud and tall, "Jiffy be a House Elf. House Elves be magical beings who be magically bonded to Wizard households. Master S got Jiffy to take care of Master Potter. So Jiffy will be making Master Potter meals and giving Master Potter his potions and cleaning Master Potter's home. And when Master Potter needs Jiffy to take something to Master S, or ask Master S a question, Jiffy be doing it for you."

Harry's heart pounded like mad. Eyes wide as saucers and mouth bobbing open and shut. "H-House Elf?" He croaked.

Jiffy nodded delightedly.

Harry cleared his throat. "And Master S... got you to look after me?"

Jiffy nodded. "Jiffy was so excited to get a home! Jiffy's parents's home was not so nice and now Jiffy gets to work with Master Potter! Jiffy knows that Master Potter isn't Jiffy's true Master, but Master S said to treat Master Potter like he is. And Jiffy heard all about the Boy-Who-Lived from Flopsy and Topsy."

The Boy-Who-Lived. Harry felt a tinge of recognition at the name. Why did it sound familiar?

"The Boy-Who-Lived?" Harry asked. "Is that me?"

Jiffy nodded urgently. "Yes! Oh," she gasped. "Jiffy forgot the next letter."

Then the House Elf popped away, vanishing in a burst of air and Harry's legs nearly gave out at the sight.

This was all a little much for him, to be frank.

Maybe I'm still in hospital, he wondered to himself again, not for the last time. Maybe they just have some really, really good drugs.

There was another pop and Harry yelped. Jiffy was standing ahead of him again holding another letter. This one was thicker and fuller. Like it held a whole thick wedge of parchment. A whole essay.

Harry picked it from her hands and stared.

Suddenly Harry got the curious feeling that the other two letters were just basic introductions, to make sure Harry knew this was real.

And this... This was the real letter.

Harry swallowed.

"Master S told Jiffy that Master Potter is to go straight to bed and Jiffy will make his lunch and he will take his potions. Master Potter should go to the door on the left."

Harry nodded and breathed. "Th-thank you, Jiffy."

She squealed so loud Harry nearly bolted. Then he saw her eyes watering and her lip trembling. "Master Potter is so kind! Jiffy will be so grateful to serve Master Potter! She promises!"

"Er--okay," Harry rasped.

"Master Potter must lie down now! He must rest!" She insisted, pointing toward the door.

Harry nodded, very pointedly not saying thank you again, because he didn't think he could take another squeal.

Well, at least he knew for sure this room... this flat... was soundproof. The Dursleys definitely would be banging on the door right now if it weren't.

The bedroom had a big window which overlooked a fresh field of grass and woodland that wasn't really there. It was only slightly more bizarre than everything else.

The bedroom held one large wardrobe, which was far bigger than Harry suspected he'd ever need, a double bed sitting on another wall and a mahogany desk overlooking the window, with drawers underneath, carved with lilies and embossed with gold. Either side of it was a pair of bookshelves, with only a few scattered titles on each.

The room didn't have switches or electric lights. Only sconces embedded in the walls with unlit candles. There was another candle on the desk and on the bedside table.

Was that a Wizard thing? Maybe they missed out on the electricity revolution. Did that mean they had no television. Or phones.

How did they communicate, Harry wondered. Were House Elves in charge of the postal service?

The bed was lined with pillows and silken green bedcovers that felt glorious when he swept his hand along the sheets.

On top was a pair of plain black pajamas, folded ready for him and a pair of sheepskin slippers on the floor below.

He gratefully got dressed, slipping easily into the soft cotton bedclothes and crawled into the silk sheets. Then he stared at the thick letter and the green SS seal on the other side.

Then he tore open the envelope and pulled the thick sheaf of parchment free and began to read.

* * *
Chapter 3
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Harry's mother had glorious auburn hair, curled and long. Harry had his mother's eyes. His mother's bow-shaped lips and button nose.

The picture was Non-Magical, 'Muggle'. The colors faded a little into sepia tones and there was an inscription on the back 'Lily Evans, Spinners 1969'. She was wearing a pretty floral dress, smiling up at the camera as she sat on a swing set.

Harry stroked the picture and smiled, a stinging behind his eyes as he stared.

His mother.

He'd never seen a picture before of her. Aunt Petunia had hidden or destroyed them all. He wasn't sure he wanted to know which. But here she was. Beautiful and young. A similar age to him, smiling up at a camera like everything in the world was wonderful and pure.

Green eyes so bright and bold they were almost unreal. Just like Harry's.

Harry turned back to the letter.

'Your mother was a bright young woman of many talents, who mastered every domain she set her mind to. During her Hogwarts Sorting, of which I mentioned before, she confided to me that she was considered for every house.

'Hufflepuff for her loyalty and dedication to hard work. Slytherin, briefly, for her astute mind and her potential for greatness. But, aside from Gryffindor, the House which her heart eventually guided her to, Ravenclaw was her next most suitable match.

'Your mother was a creative, intelligent and resourceful woman, who was taken from this world far too soon. But if she could speak to us, I am sure she not regret passing on for a single moment, as it was an act that likely saved your life.'

He spent hours in bed, reading and rereading the letter. SS explained everything. The details meticulous and careful. He explained the climate before the night of Harry's parents's deaths, added clipped copies of newspaper articles about rising Death Eater attacks. Explaining why Harry's apparent defeat of the Dark Lord was so important.

'That Samhain night, the 31st October 1981, your parents were trapped in their home. The Dark Lord set a powerful ward around their home to prevent their escape and came to kill you all. Your father fought bravely to hold him off while your mother fled with you upstairs to the nursery. But, despite your father's best efforts, the Dark Lord is more powerful than most can imagine and James Potter fell to a Killing Curse. As did your noble mother.

'Nobody is certain why the Dark Lord's Killing Curse backfired when he turned his wand on you. One theory I have heard implies your mother death, her attempts to save you in her dying breath, cast an unbreakable and powerful protection on you. Old, Wild Magic, powered by the purest love.

'I, myself, am not of such a sentimental mind. My own mind is fixed on my unwavering faith in Lily's shrewd intellect, cunning creativity and astonishing aptitude for magic. I do not imagine Lily cowering in the cover of a Fidelius, hoping that the Dark Lord would never find them. I imagine her plotting and planning. Studying and learning. Preparing for an attack. Preparing to protect you by any means necessary.

'Perhaps that is wishful of me. But I cannot help but hope for it. I hope for her final act to be not only sacrificial in nature, but to have outwitted her killer and led him to his own inadvertent defeat.'

There were more articles cuttings after that. Ones with pictures of Harry crying in someone's arms, marked with a blazing fresh scar. One's with his parents standing hand in hand, dressed in a white dress and black robes, reading their vows. The articles celebrated You-Know-Who's defeat. Mourned his parents's loss and asked the question: 'Where is The Boy-Who-Lived?' Over and over again.

There was crazy speculation and gossip on his location. Years of it. Some wondered if he'd been spirited away to another country. The mountains in Asia or the wilderness in Eastern Europe.

There were grainy pictures of him walking through the streets of London or Surrey with giddy headlines stating: 'The Boy-Who-Lived-Among-The-Muggles!' Theorizing that he'd been left with Muggle relatives and questioning the wisdom of letting a boy of such as him be raised by 'those ignorant of our world'.

One article had a fairly clear photograph of him, taken as he stepped out of a sweet shop in his oversized school uniform. Harry remembered the day the picture was taken. He'd stepped out the store and a camera flashed brightly in his face. A strangely-dressed man shook his hand and thanked him like he was truly honored to make Harry's acquaintance, briefly asking for a statement before Aunt Petunia screeched and tore Harry away.

This photograph was set beside an old picture of his father, comparing their likenesses, down to the choice of glasses. Harry had to admit the similarities were uncanny. Right down to the unruly hair, sticking up like it was very proud to be defying gravity.

Harry's had his father's round face and full cheeks. Their proportions were the same, even if Harry had a lot of his mother's features. There were a lot more differences than the newspaper article implied. It waxed lyrical about how he was the 'spitting image' of his father. Didn't even mention his emerald green eyes, since the photograph was black and white. Pointedly ignoring his mother's likeness, for reasons that Harry suspected, having finished SS's letter, were to do with her 'blood status'.

When Harry had finished with his letter and eaten the surprisingly tasty bean and vegetable-laden soup that Jiffy had made for him, he inspected his bookshelf.

On the right shelf he found one copy of a book called The Wizarding World: A Muggle-born Guide, which explained the basics of transportation, communication and the legal system 'Dos and Do Nots'. Which was how Harry learned that Wizards used Owls to deliver their mail (Harry still thought House Elves would make more sense) and that the giant fireplace in his living room was most likely a 'Floo'. He'd have to remember to check for Floo powder, but he suspected SS hadn't left him any.

The section on government, however, was downright terrifying. From what he could tell, the same forty families had run in the same forty Wizengamot seats for the last few hundred years. They passed down from one lineage to another as time went on, with only about ten additional seats that went to employees of the Ministry. And the Wizengamot were in charge of everything. And that really meant everything.

The Wizengamot voted for the Minister of Magic, decided how to divvy up the riches and who got the seats for 'extinct' Houses that died without an heir. They voted on trials and even the laws that dictated the amount of property, types of employment and the Being Status that non-Wizarding Beings like Werewolves, Goblins and House Elves were entitled to.

The book breezed over this fact like it was nothing of much importance, but the thought made Harry shudder. Especially when the book mentioned the prejudices against Muggle-borns or half-blood Wizards.

The Wizarding World was run by pure-bloods. And a large number of pure-bloods were notoriously anti-Muggle. Viewing those born to Muggle parents as being akin to 'lesser beings'. And these prejudiced people ran the government, down to the very last law.

No wonder the Dark Lord was so easily taking over the Ministry, Harry thought to himself, wondering what percentage of the Wizengamot seats were Death Eaters, purists or sympathizers to the late Dark Lord.

Harry spent the day memorizing the contents of the book, learning all he could about this mysterious world he was destined to join. He learned about Quidditch and the Wizarding currency. He absorbed every chapter and each word. Thrilled and captivated.

There was a whole chapter on Diagon Alley, how to get there and what it offered. The benefits and complications of buying your own Owl and how to open a Gringotts vault.

SS had warned him that, no matter how intrigued he may be about visiting the Wizarding world, it was ill advised to  go when he was expected to know nothing about it.

'My decision to aid you has been in spite of the decision of those in charge to keep you ignorant. I speak not only of your family, whose distaste of magic leaves it unlikely they would enlighten you, but of some in a position of authority in the Wizarding World.

'If you are discovered to be aware of the world outside your Muggle sphere, eyes will turn to me and I will likely be dealt with in a most unpleasant manner. That would, I assure you, lead to consequences for your own safety and comfort. Therefore, I implore you to wait. In a year you will receive your Hogwarts letter and you will be able to make your debut in the Wizarding World. Until then, be patient and learn what you can to prepare.'

Harry chewed his lip and nodded.

Wait. He could wait. He was well versed in waiting. Waiting for a meal. Patiently and diligently working for what he needed.

A year.

Harry looked up at his bookshelf, spotting a copy of Hogwarts: A History and smiling. A year and he'd be free of the Dursleys and back where he belonged.

Back with his own.

#

Severus had never much cared for the idea of owning a House Elf. It was a needless expense. They weren't cheap and he'd never quite lost the Muggle distaste for the possession of another intelligent Being. Especially one that groveled so unpleasantly.

But, now that the decision had been forced on him, he had to admit to enjoying the luxury of free time. Now he had Jiffy to prepare his meals, clean his clothes and organize his potions supply orders and Severus had to admit it made his days far more pleasant.

Severus had expressed a preference for porridge when Jiffy first arrived. He was a man of simple taste and the House Elf had taken it as a challenge to preparing the most delicious porridges she could.

One day she set down a bowl with Berry compote, figs and pistachios. Another day it was raspberries and coconut. And another day it was pomegranate seeds, kiwi and blueberries.

He had to admit it to be a luxurious addition to his routine that he had no intention of losing once he returned to Hogwarts.

Severus finished up the final item on the Daily Prophet crossword. Ten across: 'Ravenclaw air and Gryffindor heart'. Hippogriff. He folded the paper away. His House Elf dutifully popped into the space beside his table to clear the table.

"With the Master S's permission," the House Elf said, bowing slightly, "Jiffy is being asked by the Young Master for the newspaper when Master S is done with it."

Severus blinked, brow lifted. "Did he?"

Jiffy nodded eagerly. "The Young Master is a'taking interest in politicals."

Politics? Severus resisted a smile. An odd subject of interest for a boy his age, but a valuable one to foster. Severus rolled up the newspaper and handed it to the House Elf.

"He is welcome to it. Send him my copies when I am finished with them from now on."

Jiffy beamed a smile and groveled a delighted thanks, calling Severus a 'wise and wonderful Master' until he'd grown utterly sickened by it. "Cease," he sneered. "I never want to witness that obsequious display of ghastly groveling ever again."

"Sorry, Master!" Jiffy cried then popped away with the newspaper.

Severus huffed and rose, brushing himself off, casting an Impervious and walking toward the Floo. He travelled to the Headmaster's office and stepped out pristine and graceful with the rest of the staff staring expectantly at him from their seats in the circle.

"Severus," the Headmaster smiled, waving a hand toward an empty seat beside this year's Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor, Charleforth Gorgon. "Just in time. Minerva will be with us in a moment."

Albus's voice was placid and delighted. A well-versed calm that was indistinguishable from the real thing. It was almost impossible to tell whether he was truly relaxed and had no suspicions on Severus's decision to protect Potter, or if he knew of the Professor's defiance.

Severus swept into his seat, folded his arms and leaned slightly away from the new professor beside him.

Professor Gorgon was a disdainful cretin. So nothing out of the ordinary. The man's Curriculum Vitae stated him as a graduate of the Auror program, but never quite explained the precise grade he'd achieved from it.

"No hard feelings about the post, eh, old boy?" Gorgon whispered, smirking victoriously like the arrogant prat he was. "I heard you'd applied too. Not to worry, I'm sure they were just looking for someone with more... certified experience."

Severus hummed. "Maybe next year," Severus said, then turned away from the bewildered fool and waited for this torture to end.

He could see Albus watching him from the corner of his eye as he the other Professors tittered and caught up on their summer respite. The old man would no doubt be keeping a close eye on Severus for a while. Observing quietly as he waited for signs of confusion or memory recurrences. It was not uncommon among skilled Occlumens for Obliviated memories to slip from their unmoored locales in the deeper recesses of the mind.

It had been almost a full week since Severus had visited Gringotts, and he still struggled to Occlude his mind against the rising fury now that blasted puppet master was present.

The abuse of power was sickening. Vile.

Not only the desecration of Potter's mind, but of Severus's too. To have lied to Severus for years, letting him believe the boy was spoiled and coddled and then, when the truth was out, rob him of the ability to aid the boy. To do his duty to protect him. As he'd vowed.

At least the fool had underestimated him. But Severus had no choice but to maintain his illusions now, keep his new Pensieve under lock and key, with his memories of Potter separate from the ones in his old one. The Goblin in charge of the safe-box, Griphook, had been delighted.

His savings had taken a blow, but it would be worth it to keep the boy safe. Severus doubted he'd make it to retirement anyway.

"My apologies everyone," Minerva huffed as she rushed into the room from the door, not the Floo. Her hat was askew and her hands carried a haul of parchment and scrolls. No doubt she'd been overburdened by unhappy students challenging their grades and visits to Muggle-born students. "I was absolutely drowned in angry letters this morning. Apparently the grading of last year's NEWT DADA exam left many students unhappy with their results."

"Oh dear," Pomona said, shaking her head, "I did worry that Professor Holborn was setting up the students for failure."

"Why is that?" Gorgon inquired, leaning forward.

"He was dead set against practical work," Flitwick explained, rolling his eyes, "another of those Ministry goons that claim the true path to mastery of the subject is found through theory. They oft send them in when no DADA Professor is found for the year."

"Nobody likes to believe Defense Against the Dark Arts to be a relevant subject, in this 'post-war' climate. The Ministry believe it safer not to teach students attack spells that might be used for darker purposes," Albus intoned, looking at Severus as he said it. "But as a wise man once told me, the Dark Arts are ever changing and eternal. It would be prudent for the Ministry to remember that."

Severus hesitated, then forced himself to grant a slight nod of approval, despite the overwhelming urge to spit on the old puppeteer and curse him.

"Before we begin," the old man said, "I believe Poppy had an item for the group."

"Thank you, Albus," the Medi-Witch said, hands folded on her lap. "I was doing a routine inventory of the ward's potions stores and noticed some missing."

"Missing?" Minerva frowned. "When did you last take an inventory?"

"During the exam period," Poppy said. "Which would be enough time for some students to purloin some, but what's odd is... well, the particular potions involved are for rather severe cases of nutritional deficiencies or organ damage. I hate to think why someone would need them."

Pomona gasped. "You think a student is suffering abuse?"

Poppy swallowed, mouth pursed at the thought. "I hate to think so, but I cannot think why else they'd need such potions. They took a week's worth of nutritional supplements. A large number of digestive repair formulas, enough for grave cases of malnourishment. And I found a few missing Dreamless Sleep and potions to encourage the regeneration of overtaxed magical cores."

"How worrying," Pomona said, breathing.

Severus hesitated. "I thought you had wards up on the cabinets?"

"I do," Poppy said, she shook her head. "I don't know how they got past them, but they must have been planning it out. Which makes it all the more frightening. Can I draw up a list for you to replenish my stocks?"

Severus nodded. "Of course. I will do what I can."

She smiled. "Thank you, Severus."

"Perhaps we should host physicals for the students?" Pomona said, straightening at the thought of a student in distress.

Though Severus had no great love of her house, he admired how well Sprout cared for her badgers, just as Severus took care of his snakes. He couldn't say the same for Minerva and Filius. They were good enough teachers and fine enough people, but they thought of their charges as adults who were capable of caring for themselves. It led their students to seek out more distress and illness, whether though recklessness or stress, than either of the other Houses did.

But it was not as if Albus encouraged either of them to act any different.

"I think that's a fine idea," Flitwick agreed, scratching a note on his book. "Poppy, would you be amenable to that?"

"Of course!" Poppy nodded fervently. "I've been doing it for the Slytherin's ever since Severus's started as Head. I've long since requested it become mandatory, but Albus worried the Board would overrule. If the Heads of House agree, I can go ahead and draw up a schedule."

"Wonderful," Flitwick said, "do we agree?" The Heads all nodded or spoke their assent.

Severus gave one, stately bow of his head and they continued the meeting with Poppy explaining the particulars of the physicals examinations. With Albus watching silent with a notable lack of involvement. Not that anybody said a thing.

The Headmaster had Obliviated Poppy too, then.

The one person who'd been most aware of the extent of the boy's health issues. Likely her notes had been commandeered as well. Severus would have to work off his own notes and what little he could translate of the 'Healer Jargon' Poppy had scrawled for him. At least the potions regimens were simple enough to manage.

It was a shame Poppy could no longer discuss the matter of birthing Blood Magic and whatever spell the Potters had cast on the boy that now failed.

Whatever it had been. It must have been mightily powerful.

And the idea of Lily performing Blood Magic... it was a curious thought.

Severus sat quietly as the meeting continued without his participation, monitoring the silent Headmaster from the corner of his eye.

#

Harry had his first bath since he was a baby that Thursday evening, just before dinner. It was so glorious and relaxing that he made it a nightly event.

The bathroom was beautifully designed, with a clawfoot copper tub in the center and a sconces embedded in the rustic slate walls. There was also a row of wooden counters with a copper basin and dressing area, it had a proper stool and ornate mirror to view himself in.

Harry wasn't sure why SS had bothered with the addition of a giant vanity mirror and stool, so close to the basin, then he realized it must have been for shaving. Which meant the mysterious SS intended for Harry to keep this space as his own well into his adolescent years.

This space, this apartment, was set up specifically for Harry. For him to call home for the next eight years.

Harry wasn't sure how he felt about that.

On the one hand, he loved it here. His own bathroom and bedroom. With a large desk, a comfortable armchair, a kitchenette and what basically amounted to a live-in chef and cleaner.

It was luxurious and spectacular. All his. And yet...

He was alone. He spent all day cooped up in here, reading books and sitting on the velvet grey cushions by the bay window, watching the street outside.

It was almost enough to make him miss the Dursleys.

But not quite.

By the Saturday morning, Harry was beginning to get restless. Jiffy refused to let him 'overtax' himself, so he wound up searching for anything to do.

He was used to having every moment of his spare time plotted out for chores, cooking, cleaning or just being stuffed in a cupboard. He wasn't used to having options for his free time.

So, he started building a routine. In the mornings, Jiffy brought his breakfast to his bed. Always porridge, which he was more than happy with, especially with the layers of fruit, compote, nuts or honey toppings that Jiffy made them with. Beside it were his first potions of the day and SS's copy of The Daily Prophet.

The mysterious man usually sent it to him when he was done, and he was a very early riser. Usually finished by six in the morning. Harry would read through the articles and stare at the finished crossword puzzle on the next to last page, admiring the quick and methodical work that SS had made of the quiz questions.

Occasionally, SS would write comments on the articles. On the Monday 20th copy, he'd scrawled a note beside the cover article 'NEW MINISTER FUDGE WINS PUBLIC'S HEARTS'. In scratched ink, SS had simply written, 'imbecile' beside the Minister's grinning photo. Then the name of the writer, Rita Skeeter, had been underlined and an illustration of a bug had been drawn beside it, along with the words 'bottom feeder'.

SS's notes were usually the highlight of Harry's day. Whether it be scathing commentary on the Society Section's proclamation that Peacock feathers were this season's latest trend for pointed hats ('for those poseurs who prefer an utterly literal take on pleading for attention'), or mocking advice for the Agony Aunt submissions ('if you fear your husband's infidelity, I can recommend a good potion that will eradicate the offending appendage').

Harry would chuckle at the paper as he ate his breakfast and drank his potions, then go through and underline the sections he didn't understand. The turmoil about Goblin laws that the Ministry were trying and failing to repeal. The odd addition of a Romanian weather report in the 'Potioneers News' section. And the utterly bizarre and rapidly insulting 'People to Watch' segment where people submitted the news about up and coming Bachelors and Bachelorettes. The Wizards and Witches were actually rated, based on their careers, wealth, fashion choices and various society gossip.

It was genuinely horrifying how obsessed Wizards were with marriage and babies, especially when he realized that almost all the entrants for 'People to Watch' were pure-bloods. But the articles actually had some vaguely useful news in it. It had some special news about promotions in the Ministry, which first son of a famous Wizengamot member had 'thrown away' his status as Heir to marry a Muggle-born, and a number of news items on recent Hogwarts graduates who'd become eligible for apprenticeships or their Mastery's.

When Harry was finished with the articles, he usually searched through the books he'd been left by SS, trying to find answers on why an article on Troll sightings in Wales had been set in the Weather Report and why Financial News was half-written in another language which read like code.

When Harry couldn't find anything, he wrote to SS, asking the oracle himself. Usually he'd get a reply two days later explaining that Trolls tended to evacuate to woodland areas when the temperature was about to climb. That the Goblins ran the Financial Market and so most the Financial terms were constructed in their native tongue: Gobbledigook. That potions containing Dragon's blood became more effective if the Dragon in question was bled during a thunderstorm, and the premier European Dragon Sanctuary was located in Romania. And, finally, that the Ministry and been trying and failing to invalidate Medieval Goblin Laws for centuries to no avail, because the Goblins were now in charge of all their money, and had no qualms 'losing it' when the Ministry overstepped.

When Harry was finished with the paper he usually found a book to read and sat curled up on the armchair or by the bay window, with a blanket wrapped around his legs. SS had left a few sets of beaten children's books, written for young Wizards and Witches.

It didn't take long for Harry to get most of the way through the 'Auror Underhill' series and make a good start on the Jupiter Aiken books. He spent most of his time lost in fiction, learning little facts about the Wizarding World as he read. Beasts and creatures and the public fear of Dark Wizards. But, sometimes he found himself lost in the old potions and meditation texts that SS had left him.

After Lunch, Harry usually spent some time at his desk, practicing using a quill and learning cursive style. He'd read in the Muggle-born guide book that some pure-bloods judged people based on handwriting style, because so many Muggle-borns never mastered using the quill. Whereas pure-bloods were given handwriting lessons basically in the crib. So Harry utilized the parchment Jiffy set out for him and practiced using a beaten up old style guide that SS had left for him.

It was painstaking and grueling, especially when learning how to using a dipped ink and a quill. The quill was always dripping and the pot so easy to knock over. But a week after his first attempts he received a small postscript from SS, in his reply to Harry's question about why the Society pages had lambasted someone for not wearing a pointed hat to a funeral ('pointed hats are obligatory attire at certain formal events; naming ceremonies, seminars, weddings and funerals').

At the bottom of the note, SS had written: 'Your penmanship is much improved. Continue your practice, it will serve you well.'

It was small, barely anything at all, but it made Harry's mouth tug into a proud grin.

He barely ever received praise. Even from his teachers. Harry had to keep his grades lower than Dudley's for the Dursleys to stay off his back, and when he did do well the teacher's accused him of cheating (prompted by the bile spouted by his Aunt and Uncle about his deviant ways).

This was real praise. A real compliment. And Harry couldn't help but be satisfied by the prospect.

So he kept practicing. He found an empty notebook in the drawer and turned it into a journal, tracking what he was learning about the Wizarding World and his parents.

He was so caught up in his new discoveries and his new routine, he didn't notice the changes until the Friday before school started again.

It was about seventeen days after he'd come back from the Hospital. He walked to the bathroom to brush his teeth, happened to glance at himself in the mirror and something just felt... off.

He couldn't quite put his finger on it at first. Just a feeling. As if he were looking at a stranger, not his own reflection. But that seemed absurd. He could still see his button nose. His cupids bow lips. His emerald green eyes. But, his hair was... flatter. Neater.

There were no tufts of gravity-defying locks. No unruly mess that scattered about in every direction. He could actually see a parting, instead of a just a disorderly wad of wild tresses. He'd brushed it that morning and it had stayed, relatively, neat. Neat-ish, at least. Black, as always, but deeper black somehow and shinier.

It was bizarre.

Then, when he stared more closely at his face, he saw that his cheeks were different. Not so round and pudgy. There was less baby fat and his jaw wasn't so rounded. More pointed.

Harry touched his face, poked and prodded at it.

It was slight, but he could see a difference.

Little, almost undetectable differences. The more he looked, the more he saw. Paler skin. More soft and porcelain than his usual reddish hue. His eyebrows were thicker, fuller, more defined.

Was it just puberty, maybe? A growth spurt?

He'd been taking lots of potions. Maybe it was helping him somehow. Reinvigorating his dry hair and skin. That sort of thing.

Harry stared in the mirror, noting the differences until he started to feel oddly vain and slightly unsettled, then promptly decided not to think about it and went back to his handwriting practice.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello readers!

    Fear not, more is on the way. I've written a lot of the book already, but I wanted to check it over and release a bit at a time. Subscribe or check back in a few days and I'll have the next few chapters up.

    Kudos and comments are always appreciated :)

Chapter 4
Notes:

    Hello all!

    I got my edits done quicker than I thought, so here is the next installment. Chapter 5 is on its way.

    Enjoy! :)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Harry got one furious bang on his door on the following Monday. He crawled out of bed and unlocked the door with a dizzying wave of magic.

As he opened the door, the room was already back to normal and his Uncle was scowling at him from the other side.

"Still alive, huh?" The man growled, somewhere between angry and disappointed by that news. "Well, hurry up and get ready."

Harry did as he was told, eating the last of his breakfast and wandering to the bedroom, where he found that his old school uniform, the second hand set that Dudley had grown out of last year, had now been adjusted to fit him properly.

"Jiffy?" Harry called and she popped into the room beside him. "Did you alter these?"

Jiffy nodded with a bright, proud smile. "Jiffy saw they were too big for the Young Master and fixed them up. Does Master Potter like them?"

Harry smiled and nodded. "I love them. Thank you, Jiffy."

The House Elf squealed with delight and popped away in a flush of embarrassment.

When Harry descended the stairs in his fitted uniform, Aunt Petunia had scowled and sneered, but hadn't said a thing. Dudley ignore him the entire way to school, not uttering a word or looking Harry's way at all. He even seemed a little uncomfortable, sitting next to Harry.

SS must have put the fear of god in the Dursleys to have them acting like this. Harry wondered what kind of threats he'd given them to get them to behave.

Whatever they were, Harry was just glad they'd worked.

Harry's new year teacher was Mr Bagley, a balding man with a reverberating tone who hissed when he laughed. He hadn't spent much time with Harry, or Dudley for that matter, but he'd clearly heard about him.

That morning Mr Bagley set a 'catch-up' maths quiz. Harry answered as best he could with his neatest handwriting. His new school workbook was fresh and lovely and he inscribed his handwriting with flourishing capitals on the front.

Jiffy had packed him a gorgeous lunch in a metal box, wrapped in a handkerchief. Harry finished every last bite and neatly packed it away again when he was finished, reading for the rest of his lunch.

It was a pretty good day, until Mister Bagley handed back Harry's maths quiz sheet with a big, round zero and 'See me after school' written on the top.

Harry felt his cheeks heat and a panic rise in his belly. Had he really got them all wrong? Usually he was pretty okay at maths. But this was really embarrassing.

He could barely concentrate for the whole of the rest of lesson. His mind was thundering with humiliation and worry. Mr Bagley didn't look at Harry for the rest of the day, not even to hand out homework sheets.

When the day was over, Harry sat and waited for the class to leave and slumped over to the teacher's desk.

The balding man, frowned and folded his hands, blue eyes stern and unkind.

"Do you know why you're here, Harry?"

Harry shook his head. "Did I get all the answers wrong?"

This statement made the man's scowl deepen. "Well, that would be hard to tell, since this isn't your paper."

Harry paused, then blinked at the man. "Sorry?"

"You should be," Mr Bagley said, folding his arms. "Now, tell me which student you swapped with. If you do that now I won't have to tell your Aunt and Uncle and you can do the paper again now."

Harry felt a rising dread. Coupled with something else. Something bitter and furious. "I didn't cheat."

Mr Bagley scowled and snatched the paper from Harry's hand. "This is not your work, Harry. Your teachers warned me about you, so I checked your old work. This isn't your handwriting, and this grade is much higher than your last year's results. Honesty is a virtue, Harry. I'm giving you a chance to tell the truth."

"But I am--"

"None of that," Mr Bagley cut in. "Tell the truth or I'll be speaking to your Aunt."

Harry grit his teeth and closed his eyes. Trying to breathe the bitterness away. Then he opened his eyes. "It's my paper, sir."

Mr Bagley frowned and shook his head. "I'm very disappointed in you, young man."

Idiots, Harry fumed. Why are they all such imbeciles. Why does nobody ever believe me?

Harry grit his teeth as the teacher scrawled 'cheaters never prosper' on the paper and Harry walked away with it crumpled in his hand.

Harry knew the teacher would be phoning Aunt Petunia as soon as Harry got home. The woman would flutter with delight at the opportunity to gush more vile lies about him. How he was nothing but a cheat and a delinquent. How his parents were drunks and layabouts.

"We try our best," his Aunt Petunia would say, "but he's always fighting, looking for easy ways out. I fear he's beyond hope."

One more teacher to make his life hell. To insult and ignore him. Snap at him whenever he breathed too loud or his chair creaked. Looking for the moment Harry would 'show his true colors'.

Aunt Petunia drove him and Dudley home and Harry escaped upstairs as he heard the phone begin to ring. He locked his door and threw his bag on the floor, chuckled the crumpled test across the room at the unlit fireplace, rushed to the bedroom then dove on his bed and lay there. Trying desperately not to cry.

He didn't know how long he lay there, but it was some time later when he heard a soft pop. He turned to see a letter beside his pillow. He reached over and tore it open, reading the message inside.

#

Mr Potter,

Would you mind illuminating me as to why your teacher believes you are a 'cheater'?

SS

#

Harry groaned and hid his head in the pillow.

Jiffy.

SS must have asked for the House Elf to bring him Harry's school results.

Harry swallowed down his pride and rolled out of bed, toward his desk. Then pulled out a quill and wrote below SS's note.

'I didn't cheat. My teacher's don't like me. They think I'm a delinquent.'

As soon as Harry set down his quill, the paper was gone. Reappearing a moment later with another addition.

'Are you?'

'No,' Harry wrote, 'but the Dursleys tell everyone I am.'

The note popped away and it was a little longer before he received a reply.

'And people believe them? Tell me, are your teacher's all imbeciles or just the majority of them?'

Harry chuckled and grinned, dipping his quill in the ink and scratching a reply.

'The majority. I had a nice teacher fourth year, Mrs Carter. She told on them to Social Services, but I don't think they ever got back to her. Then she got a job at a fancy school. The rest of the teacher's just think I'm an idiot and a criminal, like the Dursleys say.'

There was a long silence after the note popped away. So long that Harry had got out his homework and started working on it before he got the note back.

When he heard another pop, he saw that SS had got out a fresh sheet of parchment and written at the top.

'By my calculation, your paper should be marked at a grade B. I fail to understand why that would classify you as an idiot. Am I missing something here?'

Harry winced and sighed. Then scrawled a reply.

'My grades are usually lower than that. The Dursleys don't like it when I get grades higher than Dudley, so I tend to get a few of the questions deliberately wrong. That way they don't punish me all summer with a bunch of chores and lost meals.'

The note popped away and it was several minutes before Harry got a reply. He finished up his homework and then spent time going back over it and checking for mistakes.

When the reply came, Harry was starting to feel less upset about the whole thing. Yes, Mr Bagley was an idiot, but one day Harry would be surrounded by people who didn't buy into the Dursleys's lies.

Harry unfolded the note and read.

'You are undoubtedly not an idiot. While those of a certain mind would consider it a sacrilege to purposefully hinder your academics for any reason. I, myself, see the sly logic in resisting the urge for approval in order to ensure a less unpleasant existence. You did what you needed to, to survive.

'You are now, however, no longer in a position to need pander to your imbecilic relatives and I refuse to allow you to do so any longer. Therefore, we will need to find a way to deal with this half-witted teacher of yours and his distorted perceptions.

'Your mother was an intelligent woman and I believe you have inherited a gifted mind, too. I will not allow you to have Petunia linger under the fiction that her blood is superior to Lily's. So, tomorrow, you will begin our long, grueling campaign to upend the Dursley Deception.'

Harry read studiously through the man's instructions, making notes and practicing lines in front of the bathroom mirror.

The next day he brushed his hair (which handily stayed in place), fixed his tie and ignored Aunt Petunia when she snickered and insulted him from the front seat, calling him a cheater and how she'd told Mr Bagley all about Harry's deviant ways.

Harry didn't pay attention. He didn't say a word. And when he walked into the class, he stepped right up the teacher's desk with his head held high.

Mr Bagley lifted a brow and turned to Harry, eyes challenging and arms folded. "Well, Harry. Have you come to tell the truth?"

Harry took and breath and said, without a pause or a quiver in his voice. "I'm not a cheater, Mr Bagley," he found a spot on the wall behind and stared at it, head high as the students filtered in and whispered. "I know you and the other teacher's say so, but I'm no cheater and I never have been. And I want to prove it to you."

Mr Bagley scowled at that. "You want to redo the paper?"

"Yes," Harry said. "And for every test, I want you to confiscate my bag and sit me beside your desk, where I can't see any other student's working and where you can see that I'm not carrying a cheat-sheet. If you want me to do my homework here at lunch or after school, I will do that too."

Mr Bagley blinked at that, frowning. "You will?"

Harry nodded. "Yes."

The teacher stared, brow furrowed and curious. His blue eyes softening a little from their hateful glower to something more intrigued. "Okay, Harry. Pull over your table and chair."

Harry dragged them both forward until his desk was on the other side of Mr Bagley's. Harry got out his pens and pencils, then the teacher passed him his test, confiscating Harry's bag and telling him to lift up his sleeves and show his arms.

When the teacher couldn't find any pen marks, he nodded. "You've got ten minutes. Begin."

Harry worked while Dudley and the other students padded in and the register was read aloud. The work was easier the second time around, especially after SS had marked his last paper and given him advice. Harry finished it quickly and Mr Bagley took it with a curious look.

"Keep your table there, where I can see you," Mr Bagley told him. "We'll discuss you moving back once you've shown you're earning your grades honestly."

Harry bit back the urge to argue with the man. Nobody else in class had to prove they weren't cheating, but life hadn't been fair to Harry before. No point expecting it now.

Harry just nodded.

They did a Geography test later that day, after Mr Bagley taught them about reading maps. The teacher watched Harry through the whole test, as the boy scrawled in his cursive handwriting and pondered over the answers, checking his work over when he was done.

At the end of the day, the teacher waited for everyone to leave before handing Harry his papers.

"An A for maths and a B- for Geography," Mr Bagley said. "Honest results. Keep it up."

"Yes, sir," Harry said, then rushed to the car.

He hid his victorious smile while Dudley told Aunt Petunia how Harry had been relegated to the front of class, with the teacher. He talked like it was a position of humiliation that Harry would loathe and Aunt Petunia gleefully lapped it up. Neither of them seemed to even consider the possibility Harry had asked to move there. Asked to prove he wasn't cheating. Asked to show he was smarter than they all said.

Asked, so that he could out the Dursleys as the nasty, lying creeps they really were.

#

Mr Bagley loved tests. He did tests for everything. Tests after he'd shown them a new topic. Tests a week later to go back over what they'd learned. Tests to review topics they did last year.

The teacher began methodically checking Harry every lesson. Flicking through his bag and unpacking everything, even the lunch box (which he looked mildly envious of). He even got Harry to pull off his jumper and unbutton his cuffs, so that he could see Harry hadn't hidden a cheat sheet up his sleeves, pockets or in his belt.

The teacher seemed determined to prove Harry was a vile cheater like the Dursleys and the other teachers said, but when he couldn't find proof of it, he had no choice but to give Harry his well deserved A's and B's.

On the Wednesday, Dudley forgot his homework and instead of admitting he'd been too busy playing video games, he blamed it on Harry.

Dudley blinked with crocodile tears and spoke in his whiniest voice. "But sir, it's not my fault! Harry stole my homework for himself, just before class."

Piers Polkiss and the rest of Dudley's goons snickered as Mr Bagley whirled on Harry.

"Show me your bag!"

Harry pulled it out and handed it over without argument. When he found Harry's homework sheet, he hesitated.

It was just a moment, but Harry could see the cogs whirring.

Harry's homework was written in Harry's handwriting. The neat cursive he'd been practicing, not Dudley's horrible messy scrawl.

Mr Bagley turned to Dudley. "When did he take it?"

"Just before class, sir," Dudley said, hiding a grin.

A lie.

An obvious lie, to anyone with half a brain.

Mr Bagley glanced at Harry briefly, then gathered the paper in his pile and set them on his desk. "Harry, I want to talk to you at lunch."

"Yes, sir," Harry said.

"Dudley, I'll give you a second homework sheet to finish tonight."

That made the smirk fall off Dudley's face quick.

Harry resisted his own.

When everyone else filtered out for their lunch break, Harry stayed to talk to the teacher. Mr Bagley waited until everyone was gone before he spoke.

"You said you were willing to do your homework during your lunch break and after class?"

Harry nodded. "Yes, sir."

Mr Bagley sat back, tapping his arm with his stubby finger. "Get out your packed lunch, you can eat here. I'll give you the homework sheet now."

"Okay, sir."

Harry worked through the homework while Mr Bagley read his book. One of Harry's old teachers, Mrs Felps, stopped by for a cup of tea and a natter, then scowled at the sight of Harry.

"What did he do this time?" She asked with a frown.

Mr Bagley paused at that, glancing curiously at Harry. Then he pulled her outside for a quiet chat.

Harry could hear them whispering outside. Occasionally a word or two would filter from the closed door. "Did you ever see him...?" "She told me that, too." "Awfully quiet in class." "... feels off."

Mr Bagley never announced to the class, or to Aunt Petunia, that Harry was doing his homework in school. Harry would be vague with his explanations to his Aunt, making it sound as if he was staying late for a detention and she'd merrily tell him he'd need to walk himself home, then. As well as praise the wonderful Mr Bagley for being such a fine judge of character.

Weeks went by like that. Mr Bagley checking his rucksack before tests, asking him to stay to do his homework in school.

Eventually, the man started asking questions.

"Did you study this summer?" The teacher asked. "Your grades are much higher than last year."

Harry shrugged. "I was recovering from the hospital visit for the last part of summer, so I didn't have a lot else to do than read and practice my cursive."

It wasn't entirely untrue, he supposed. And it was easier than explaining that the Dursleys starved him for doing better than Dudley.

The teacher had flinched at that. "Hospital?" He said. "Why were you at hospital?"

"The doctors think it was a severe reaction to a virus. I couldn't eat or drink so they had me hooked up to that nose tube that puts food straight down your throat."

The teacher frowned at that. "And your medical records will confirm this?"

Harry nodded.

Funny, Harry thought, he didn't ask if Aunt Petunia would confirm it. Obviously she didn't mention it before.

After that, the teacher seemed to warm to him. He'd help Harry with homework questions and write little notes on his tests. 'Good job', 'Excellent work', 'Keep it up'.

He kept Harry's seat up at the front all through September and kept Harry doing his homework at school, where he could see.

Then, on Friday the 28th, Dudley finally screwed up.

"I don't have it, sir," Dudley sniveled dramatically, eyes tearful and pathetic, "Harry stole my homework before class."

Mr Bagley froze, eyes narrowing. "Did he?" The man glowered. "And why would he do that?"

"Well, he didn't do his," Dudley lied, sniffing, "Mum told him to do it but he yelled at her and watched TV. Then, this morning, he stole mine out my bag when we got to school."

Mr Bagley scowled and folded his arms. "Get up."

Dudley froze. "Sir?"

"I said, get up. Pack up your things," Mr Bagley walked to the front of class to Harry. "Harry, you too, you'll be switching desks with your cousin."

Harry hesitated, then stood up, grabbing his things and watching as Dudley confusedly packed away his stuff and walked to the front, where the teacher was pointing to the desk Harry had vacated.

"If there's one thing I can't stand, it's liars, Mr Dursley. I believe I'll be having a talk with your mother after school. It's time we straightened things out."

Dudley blinked, indignant annoyance taking shape in his eyes. He directed a bewildered scowl at Harry, certain this was somehow the young Wizard's fault.

Harry supposed it was, in a way.

He walked to the back and took his seat where Dudley had been, not even bothered when Piers Polkiss began whispering 'freak' and 'loser' at him from the seat beside his.

After school, Mr Bagley sent Harry out to fetch his Aunt.

"What did you do now, freak?" Petunia snarled, following him to the classroom.

Harry just shrugged.

The meeting that followed was one of the most satisfying moments of Harry's life.

Mr Bagley tore into Aunt Petunia with a savagery and grace that Harry genuinely admired. He'd collected evidence to demonstrate Harry was a "bright, talented child with a great deal of potential" and expressed his lingering worries about the "unfounded allegations" she had made against Harry's "character".

When Mr Bagley asked outright why she had failed to notify the school about Harry's hospital visit and the doctor's advice that he not be overly taxed during his return to class, she had bumbled and dithered, voice croaking as a furious blush crept across her whole face and neck.

"I took some time speaking to the other teachers at the school and though each had been told, time and time again, that the boy was, as you put it, 'rotten', none of them had even a sliver of evidence that this held to be true. There have been bruises found on the boy, but nobody has seen him, as you said, 'bullying and fighting with other children'. Not only that, but when I got in touch with a former teacher at the school, she had her own worries that Harry was being abused."

"Th-that's absurd!" Aunt Petunia squawked, voice shrill and stiff. "We would never--"

"When I spoke to Harry, he assured me that this was not the case. Since I have no evidence of neglect or abuse at the moment, I will hold off speaking to the authorities. But I will be keeping a close eye on the situation and this will be going in his file. I will make sure that future teacher's, in his secondary school, are made aware of your... tendency toward misinformation. And if there is any evidence that you are mistreating Harry, it will go to the authorities."

Aunt Petunia opened and closed her mouth, face so red it was now turning purple. Her humiliation was so thick in the air Harry could practically smell it. "Well, I... I would never--I don't--"

"I severely hope not, Mrs Dursley," Mr Bagley said, scowling at her. Then he turned to Harry. "Is there anything you'd like to add, Harry?"

Everyone turned to look at him. Dudley blinking away furious tears. Aunt Petunia with wide-eyed terror and Mr Bagley with a solid and friendly air.

"Um," Harry cleared his throat, "is it alright if I move away from Piers and the rest of Dudley's friends? They keep throwing paper at me in class and calling me a freak."

Mr Bagley frowned at that, directing a scowl at Dudley. "That will be arranged, Harry. And I would be grateful if you would write a list of students so I can speak to their parents, too."

Harry smiled gratefully. "Thank you, Mr Bagley."

The teacher nodded. "No problem, Harry. Let me know if you need anything. Anything at all."

Harry resisted a smug smirk at his Aunt Petunia. "Yes, sir."

* * *
Notes:

    Kudos and comments always appreciated.

    More coming soon.

Chapter 5
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Brewing the Menscari Tincture was the easier part of administering it. It was a diabolically complicated Healer-Grade potion with more steps than the Wolfsbane brew. But, Severus was growing increasingly accustomed to such things in the last few weeks.

What was difficult was getting the dosage right.

Poppy had briefly mentioned the necessity of Menscari in her notes. Using Healer terms such 'impeded formation of neurological pathways' and 'frontal cortex growth hindered'. Hinting at how neglect could 'disrupt brain development'.

It had taken Severus a great deal of time to wade through the literature on the subject of the Menscari potion. A tincture that had been invented in the last ten years by a Muggle-born Healer and Master potioneer, who held a particular interest in the field of Muggle psychobiology.

Severus read that patients that spent too much time on the potions course could develop heightened anxiety and migraines. And too little time on the course would mean that the neurological effects of Harry's neglect would not be fully reversed.

Healers, for this reason, usually had regular visits from patients on this course, to perform a spell which monitored their progress and halt the potions when the growth stagnated. Severus, of course, did not have that luxury of an in-person health check. And so he was forced to invent an alternative means of monitoring the boy.

More accurately, a test.

Once a week, through the months of October to January, Severus sent Harry a specially designed test to monitor changes in the boy's memory, decision making and intelligence. Scoring them appropriately and watching as the figures slowly rose.

It took months before the boy's scores were finally leveling out and, in that time, Severus observed with astonishment as the boy began to excel in any area he set his mind to. Much as Lily had.

Severus continued to comment on the Daily Prophet newspaper and send the boy explanations on various subjects relating to the Wizarding World. But it wasn't long before the boy's questions became more pointed and increasingly complex.

'Did you see the article on the Minister's call for Beast Culling in Cysegredig Dark Forest?' The boy asked wrote to him one day. 'I thought that was Centaur territory. Didn't the Ministry sign a treaty to keep off Centaur land?'

The boy had been absolutely correct. Frighteningly so. He'd read about a treaty in the back of one of Severus's ancient, hideously dull history books during his personal studies and made the connection.

When Severus looked further into it, he realized the Minister, along with a select number of Wizengamot members, had concocted the scheme to take control of Centaur territory.

Severus had wound up revising Harry's anonymous letter to the editor explaining as much. The boy had been delighted to see his letter sitting in the paper a day later, along with a page three article written by Rita Skeeter 'uncovering' the scandal.

The boy's grades rapidly rose until he was settled firmly at the top of his class and memorizing the books left behind by Severus, until the Professor was forced to procure more for the boy to keep himself occupied.

Jiffy kept Severus informed on the progress of the growth stimulator potions, tracking the boy's height and weight once a week until he was rapidly reaching and exceeding the average for his age. She'd waxed lyrical about how 'the Young Master is so handsome' and how he 'barely needs his glasses now'.

The comment was a curious one, but Severus supposed that the boy's vision issues could have been linked to a form of impeded neurological function of some variety. He wasn't exactly an expert in the subject. There was a reason it took years to train as a Healer.

Poppy had been delighted by the new system at Hogwarts and the resulting discoveries of numerous mistreated children had cemented the decision by the Heads of Houses to make it mandatory. Nobody commented on the remarkable lack of interest that Albus displayed in the subject, but Severus could tell that the Medi-Witch was growing suspicious.

"Poor dear," Poppy whispered to Severus one day, when one of his first year Slytherin's had shuffled back off to class. "Classic signs of neglect. It's harder to prove, of course, but just as damaging. Poor thing will need months of treatment. I'll have to get in touch with a Healer Clinic."

The news did not surprise Severus, as much as it should. The first year had a certain secretive disposition that reminded Severus much of himself. Hair long to cover his face and a pair of thick glasses that reminded him a little of Harry.

Severus bit his lip. "Neglect," he murmured, "is it true that neglect causes damage to the brain?"

"Oh, yes," Poppy nodded fervently. "It causes damage to neurological development. But the Healer will be able to give him a potions course that will reverse the damage. Truly astounding stuff."

Severus hummed. "Fascinating," he said. "You wonder what else a potion like that would do. Do you think his eyesight could be effected by the neurological damage?"

"Well, its hard to say, but it's possible," she seemed curious at the thought. "Good thinking, Severus, I will have to make sure his glasses are adjustable to his vision. It's possible to argue vision was damaged by his circumstances so I might be able to use that to get the school to pay out for an Visus repair treatment."

Severus smirked at that. "An admirably guileful plan, Poppy. I am certain young Mr Brunner will be thrilled to see you playing at Slytherin on his behalf."

Poppy slapped him playfully on the shoulder with a smile. "Let me know how the child services report goes."

Severus nodded. "I will, my dear. Thank you for your fine and dedicated work."

She smiled at him. "And you, Severus. The other teacher's might not see it, but I don't think any other takes better care of their House than you. Your snakes are lucky to have you looking out for them."

Severus couldn't help but smile at that and gratefully bow his head.

#

For Christmas, SS got Harry a whole bunch of books. Not just any books, either. They were a load of complex theory texts and practical exercise manuals on something called Occlumency.

'As you have proven yourself to be adept at any subject you set yourself to, I thought it advantageous to set your mind to this one.' SS had written in the attached letter. 'While Legimens (that is to say those with the skill of so-called "mind reading"), are rare, you will come into contact with at least two in your time at Hogwarts. I would recommend you begin your training by learning Meditation. Happy Christmas, SS.'

Harry had been delighted by the compliment, buzzing with eager energy. And the more he read through the book, the more amazed he became.

The author of the theory book described Occlumency as being 'one of the most complex and labyrinthine magical studies ever created' and implied that even a basic level of expertise required sometimes years of dedicated study and skill. The fact that SS had faith in Harry's ability to learn it was the highest compliment he could think of.

'The Master Occlumens will never be heard boasting about their skill.' The author wrote. 'It is a practice designed to be conquered in private, so that Legimens who attempt to uncover their secrets take for granted that what they see is correct. The Master Occlumens can fool any Legimens as to their true nature, thoughts or memories, and leave them with no suggestion that what they see is anything but the complete truth.'

Harry was hooked. Occlumency was a multi-headed hydra with so many applications it seemed almost insane that more people didn't utilize it. The application of magic in 'clearing the mind' could make it easier for Occlumens to plan and plot in stressful situations and overcome anxiety, even during battle.

The utilization of the 'Memory Palace Technique' gave each memory and area of the Occlumens's life a safe place in an imaginary location, some hidden and some in plain sight, and in doing so aided memory and recall ability.

And, lastly, the technique of creating a mental wall or barrier could be used to keep out Legimens, but also to keep away unwanted thoughts, memories and worries for a period of time when necessary.

Harry started his practice every evening before bed. He began with meditation. The beginner's book walked him through a visualization technique that taught him how to clear his mind using magic, instead of just the Muggle method.

It took weeks to get right. Manipulating his magic like that was hard, especially as he was still young and his magical core still forming. After a week he was able to magically clear his mind for about a minute before it slipped again. It took another few weeks for the practice to keep his mind clear for ten minutes. But, by the end of February, he could clear his mind for a whole hour, at least.

After that, Harry started building his 'Memory Palace'. Mr Bagley turned out to be quite helpful for that. He'd been very impressed with Harry's progress in class and would occasionally call him aside for small chats and catch ups. When Harry mentioned he was learning about Memory Palaces, the teacher had hummed with intrigue.

"Ah, the method of loci. Useful technique," Mr Bagley said, "it's a form of spacial mnemonics. A very old memorization tool, but still very useful. Our primitive ancestors needed advanced spacial recognition skills, after all, for the hunting and gathering of food. The best way to do it, I've heard, is to take a familiar setting, somewhere in which you can remember where everything is located. Then 'code' the new information you place there in memorable and sometimes outlandish ways."

So Harry decided on Number Four Privet Drive as his Memory Palace. He used the guidance in his Occlumency book to arrange and assemble spots for different memories in the imagined version of Privet Drive.

His few old memories of his parents he hid under a pot by the flowerbed. His memories of the neglect and abuse he'd suffered at the hands of the Dursleys he put in the cupboard under the stairs, hidden in old figurines and under the cot. All his times starving and hungry he hid in the Dursley's kitchen. In the ice tray in the freezer, a milk bottle in the fridge. A jar in the cupboard. Bit by bit.

And as for his memories of SS and the magical world, he hid those best of all. He hid the memory of his real room under the floorboard in the old Smallest Bedroom, in the form of his secret key. Then, only when he'd locked the room could he find his memories of the Wizarding World in the imaginary replica of the secret apartment SS had built for him.

Under ornaments by the fireplace. Inside the kettle on the stove. In jars laying in the pantry and books on his shelf. Harry hid all his memories well. As if he were stowing away secrets.

By the time he got around to building a protective mental barrier, it was Spring. Which was when Mr Bagley started meaningfully asking Harry which schools he was looking at and whether he'd considered applying for a scholarship to a boarding school.

"I know a few good places where I could write you a recommendation letter," Mr Bagley told him one day after class. "It could give you a chance to get some distance from... your Aunt and Uncle. They will be doing entrance exams soon. Think about it."

Harry had only just barely resisted explaining he already had a boarding school ready and paid for. SS had told him that when he didn't need it getting around to 'certain persons' that Harry was aware of his Hogwarts placement.

When he'd wrote to SS about what to say, the man had just told him, 'Go ahead and apply,' as if it was the most logical thing in the world. 'Ask the teacher for a couple of recommendations and apply to the schools. Then, when you get your Hogwarts letter, sent the teacher a message explaining that you got into a third school you found in Scotland and thank him for all his valuable assistance.'

It seemed absurd, but it did make for a more convincing cover story and it oddly got his Aunt and Uncle off his back for a bit when he told them he was applying for 'normal' schools.

Mr Bagley wrote him a glowing letter to send to two schools with Scholarship programs, just as the Spring entrance exam period began. Even knowing that he wasn't going to the them, turning up at the schools those days for the entrance exams was nerve wracking.

He applied to one near Cambridge and another in Devon. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon begrudgingly drove him there with the argument that they were an opportunity for day trips for "the family" (excluding Harry, of course).

Funnily enough, the tests were great practice for his end of year school exams. By the time the school finally hosted the Key Stage 2 tests, in May, he was already well studied.

They had two papers in English and two in maths and they were some of the easiest exams Harry had ever sat. Compared to decoding the Daily Prophet and learning Gobbledegook so he could comprehend the Financial Report section, it was a breeze.

Dudley spent the whole week prior stressing and being bribed into revising by the Dursleys. Meanwhile, Harry Occluded and did the odd bit of catch-up revision, happy in the knowledge that he wasn't going to need the results anyway.

A month later, when the results finally came out, Harry was bowled over to realize he'd gotten almost a perfect score for all four exams.

Mr Bagley was ecstatic when he heard, happily telling him how "proud" he was of Harry and how wonderful it was to see him "coming out of your shell".

But, by far the best praise was from SS.

Harry woke up the next day to see a gift wrapped in brown paper and string on his bed. On top of it was an envelope with his name and the familiar SS sealed in green wax. Harry grinned and ripped open the envelope first, reading the letter within.

#

Mr Potter,

Though I am immensely proud of the astonishing results of your hard work and remarkable mind, I imagine it pales in comparison to the pride and delight your parents feel right now.

You have done a fine job and you should be exceedingly pleased with yourself. With results such as this, I imagine you will be as beloved by your teachers at Hogwarts as Lily was.

Congratulations. I hope this gift will assist your future studies, though I imagine a mind such as yours does not need much help.

Yours faithfully,

SS

#

Harry untied the string and tore open the paper to reveal a perfectly sized brown leather satchel. Artfully faded with brass buckles and buttons. When Harry finally peeked inside, he realized it had an expansion charm on it so he could fit all his books.

"Cool!" He grinned, then promptly began testing it out until Jiffy arrived with his breakfast and the Saturday paper.

#

Severus loved this time of year. The summer break. The one time when he could be rid of those infuriating dunderheads he taught. Even looking after his snakes, no matter how much he cared for them, would grate on him the longer the academic year dragged on.

But this year the months of June and July crawled like slugs. Slow and laborious.

Harry had finished his potions courses by May. He'd grown quite considerably in the last few months. Jiffy reported that he was taller than most of his classmates and then confided in Severus that a number of Harry's female classmates scrawled his name in love hearts in their notebooks.

Severus supposed that James Potter had a similar effect on his female schoolmates. Lily had, oddly, been one of the few who'd been immune.

The boy was growing his confidence back nicely.

One day in June he'd been sitting at lunch and received an astonished note from Harry.

'They actually gave me the scholarships! What do I do?!'

Severus had smirked and replied, 'Congratulations, Harry.  I am delighted to hear it, but not at all surprised. Might I suggest you "accidentally" leave copies of the acceptance letters lying around for Petunia to happen upon. I could get Jiffy to bottle the memory of that vile woman's seething jealousy.'

Harry had seriously considered it, then decided that his school results, compared to Dudley's, were humiliation enough.

Severus could see so much of Lily in the boy, in the way he thought, the questions he asked in his letters, as well as the subjects that took his interest. The more complex the better.

Harry perceived the world differently than most, the way Lily had. With a kindness and determination that, when partnered with that sharp mind of his, forged into a truly lethal weapon.

He'd already asked Severus numerous questions on the laws on House Elf welfare and whether the claim that ownership of a House Elf was mandatory for them to survive was actually true.

'Maybe the Wizengamot made it up. Maybe it's just Ministry propaganda,' the boy suggested one day when they'd been writing back and forth. Severus found himself doing it more and more often over the past year. 'House Elves might need to survive near a locus of magical power, but wound up getting roped into servitude as part of the deal. The Wizengamot aren't exactly generous at handing out rights to non-human beings, after all.'

They'd wound up having long, detailed conversations about non-human rights, even those laws which Severus had thought were perfectly fine. Harry had slowly managed to convince him otherwise.

'If werewolves truly wanted to push for greater rights for their own, they'd sign the registry.' Severus had insisted one day. 'These laws are only in place to keep the Wizarding public safe.'

The boy had taken no prisoners in his reply. 'If the Wizarding World really wanted to make the world safer from werewolves, they'd be freely giving out Wolfsbane potion without any hesitation. Instead, they make it so hard that only the wealthiest can afford it. They're not making these laws to keep people safe, they're making them so they never have to worry about their children ever marrying "half-breeds" and having werewolf babies. It's not safety, it's blind prejudice, no better than than the prejudice people feel toward muggle-borns. Anything to keep from sullying "The Sacred Pure-Blood Houses".'

Severus had, after a week long back-and-forth on the subject, admitted defeat and acknowledged that the laws and regulations currently in place were pure prejudice without a single genuine intention toward the protection of the Wizarding public.

Even though Severus's pride had taken a blow at the thought of losing a debate on Wizarding Politics to a ten year old, their letters were the only thing keeping Severus sane over the long summer holiday.

With no complex Healer-Grade potions regimens to keep up with or plan, Severus attempted to immerse himself in his work, plotting to invent a less addictive variant of Dreamless Sleep, with some varying degree of success.

Usually his holiday's alone were a dream. A rare spot of peace and quiet in an otherwise tumultuous year. But, no matter how much he wished to lose himself in his work, he couldn't help but worry about Harry.

The Hogwarts acceptance was due to arrive that day. Severus had told Jiffy to keep an eye out for Minerva when she arrived to talk to the boy, and warned Harry that he'd receive a visitor and to act as if he had no knowledge of the Wizarding World. But it was long past three when the House Elf finally popped into Severus's study.

"Well?" Severus asked, glancing up from his notes.

The House Elf shook her head, eyes wide and worried. "The Young Master had no visitors sir, but Jiffy thinks the letter arrived in the Muggle post."

"The Muggle post?" Severus spat the words like they personally offended him. "You think it arrived?"

The House Elf's lip trembled with panic. "Jiffy be so sorry, sir! Jiffy be watching the street for visitors and didn't think to check the post. The nasty Muggles took the letter and then be burning it, sir."

Severus froze.

It didn't surprise him that the Dursley's would react so abysmally to the boy's acceptance letter.

But what did surprise him was the way the letter arrived.

As far as Albus knew, Harry was left unaware of the Wizarding World. He was meant to have no understanding that magic was real, how to mail his acceptance by Owl, or where to get his school supplies.

And yet, believing this to be the case, the old man had sent a letter by post. Not in the hands of a Head of House, as would be the standard protocol for Muggle-born or Muggle-raised students.

What was the Headmaster playing at?

Albus wanted the boy at Hogwarts, surely. But, for some reason, he wanted to leave the boy in ignorance.

The old fool had always loved playing games with people. Moving them like chess pieces into place.

What game was the old man playing now, Severus wondered.

He picked up a fresh sheet of paper and began writing a letter to Harry.

#

The next day, as instructed, Harry made a trip downstairs when the post came. Just as SS had told him, his Uncle Vernon came banging into the hallway ready to collect, then scowled at Harry like he was on to him and said. "Nothing for you, go back to your room."

Harry didn't make a fuss. The next day, he did the same. This time, when he saw the post shoved through the mail slot, there had to be around five or six yellow-parchment letters crammed in with the Dursleys's bills and junkmail.

"Go back to your room!" Uncle Vernon shrieked, gathering everything together and storming from the hall, pale with panicked squeaking about 'dangerous nonsense'. Harry heard a banging outside the house later that day, nailing the mail-slot shut.

The next day, there was a dozen of them. They were stuffed with no ceremony under the door and through the window of the downstairs toilet.

That was when Uncle Vernon started to lose it.

Later that day Harry heard a banging outside his bedroom window, and looked to find his Uncle Vernon boarding up the windows.

Harry was half worried about how far his Uncle was taking this, and half impressed at the work that the Magical Spacial Designers had put in, because his Uncle didn't seem to notice the fact it had been magically turned into an apartment at all.

Harry wrote SS a note that day updating the man on his Uncle's ongoing nervous breakdown. The mysterious SS simply replied with a sardonic: 'Couldn't have happened to a better man.'

Harry wasn't entirely sure how the letters arrived the next day, but he walked down the stairs to find Aunt Petunia furiously blitzing them with what looked like a dozen eggs in the blender, while Uncle Vernon argued with someone from the company who supplied their milk.

Then, on Sunday, there came a great thunderous banging on Harry's door. When he went to answer, his Uncle was standing there breathing heavily with bulging eyes, a red face and half his mustache missing. "Pack some clothes and be downstairs in five minutes! No arguments!"

"Um, alright Uncle Vernon," Harry agreed, then closed and locked the door and found a turned to see that Jiffy had packed his expandable satchel for him.

"Good luck, Young Master Harry!" She squeaked, holding it up for him. "Jiffy be keeping an eye on you. Call if you needs her."

Harry smiled and nodded. "Thanks, Jiffy. Don't supposed you packed a lunch?"

She nodded furiously, barely squealing at his expression of gratitude. "Six!"

Harry grinned. "You're the best, Jiffy."

At that she finally shrieked with glee and popped away. Harry picked up his bag, unlocked the door and hid his key around his neck on it's extendable chain, tucking it under his shirt.

Uncle Vernon packed them in the car and drove until nightfall. They didn't want to stop for food, which wasn't a problem for Harry, but did cause arguments when Dudley spotted one of Harry's delicious lunch boxes and howled about how he was starving to death.

After about an hour of moaning his parents finally relented and pulled over to a drive-through for 'normal' food, when Dudley threatened to eat some of Harry's 'freak stuff'.

They stopped at a dingy hotel and Harry shared a twin room with Dudley, suffering through his cousin's snoring until Jiffy took pity on him and put up some kind of silencing spell.

"Thanks, Jiffy," Harry whispered before he slipped off to sleep.

It didn't surprise Harry in the least when the proprietor of the hotel came over the next day at breakfast with a letter, claiming that he had nearly a hundred of them waiting at the front desk.

Uncle Vernon snatched it away and promptly fled the hotel with the rest of them kidnapped. He drove them through forests and fields until they reached the coast. Then he dragged them all out to a shack hidden on a large rock, some way off shore.

Uncle Vernon seemed mightily pleased with himself when he sat down that night for dinner with the rest of the Dursleys (four packets of crisps and four bananas). Harry sat down in the living room floor with another of Jiffy's lunchboxes and enjoyed a fresh chicken salad.

Later that evening, when his Aunt and Uncle went to bed and Dudley slumped miserably on the sofa bed, Harry took pity on him and handed him a lunchbox.

Harry had never seen Dudley more eager to eat salad in his life. "This freak food's delicious," the boy said with a mouthful of chicken.

"So glad you approve," Harry said, rolling his eyes.

Dudley stared at him. "You look different, now. Anyone ever told you that? You got... pointier."

Harry reddened and swallowed.

He'd noticed. Ever since his birthday last year Harry had been changing. Not just in his schoolwork or height either.

His face was different. Longer. V shaped. His cheekbones were sharper, too. He didn't have as much baby fat as before. He'd grown his hair out a little, too. Just an inch or so. It wisped around his face in soft black tresses that he swept to one side, covering his scar.

He didn't even need his glasses anymore. He was pretty sure they were just decorative at this point, since they adjusted to his needs. He just kept them on for show so people didn't ask too many questions.

Harry compared himself to his picture of his father, recently. The one in the article that praised him as a James Potter lookalike.

Nobody would be telling him that again any time soon.

Harry shrugged and coiled on the floor, feeling the air around them warm slightly in a way that Harry was sure was thanks to Jiffy.

Around midnight, the house began to creak and moan in the storm. Harry lay awake, counting down the minutes to midnight, wondering whether he'd ever get to read his Hogwarts letter at all.

Then he heard a pounding bang at the door.

* * *
Notes:

    Thanks for all the lovely messages and kudos!

    More chapters are on the way :)

Chapter 6
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Rubeus Hagrid wasn't exactly what Harry had expected when he dreamt of the day he'd meet his first wizard.

The man was nice enough. Friendly (to Harry, at least) but definitely not the graceful, eloquent mage with long robes and a mystical air that Harry had dreamed of meeting one day.

In Harry's head, for reasons he couldn't quite fathom, he imagined the first Wizard he met to wear predominantly black, have long, ebony hair and a voice that was commanding and elegant in one easy breath.

Hagrid didn't exactly meet that criteria. He was fairly sure that he didn't even have a proper wand, given the way he wielded his pink umbrella. And he wasn't even a Professor, as SS had implied the person who'd meet him would be.

Harry felt a little cheated, somehow. But he tried not to hold it against the giant man. He'd brought Harry a birthday cake, after all.

When Hagrid mentioned that he was the Keeper of the Keys at Hogwarts, Harry, as instructed by SS, acted like he'd never heard of the place before in his life.

Hagrid wasn't pleased.

"I knew yeh weren't gettin' yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldn't even know abou' Hogwarts, for cryin' out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yeh parents learnt it all?"

"All what?"

"ALL WHAT?" Hagrid cried. "Now wait jus' one second!"

Then the giant man leapt to his feet and turned on the Dursleys, his thundering admonishment loud enough to pierce the thunderclaps outside. He went on for a few minutes and Harry, for the most part, just sat back and enjoyed the show.

Eventually Hagrid calmed down enough to sit and 'explain' everything to Harry, despite Uncle Vernon's attempts to stop him.

"Harry, yer a wizard," he said, as if that explained everything.

While Harry listened to the man go through an explanation about a magical school called Hogwarts, he couldn't figure out why nobody had told Hagrid this in the first place that this might be an issue. Surely one meeting with the Dursleys would be enough to know that they weren't going to be sitting him down and explaining Witchcraft and Wizardry to Harry any time soon.

You'd think that after apparently saving the Wizarding World from a tyrannical psychopath and being dumped on the doorstep of the most awful people they could find, someone would at least take the time to send a proper Professor or Auror to come explain this to him.

Not a Grounds Keeper.

Then Hagrid finally handed Harry the letter. And he saw the splendid green letters written on the front. Mr H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea.

Wow, Harry thought to himself, wondering whether they'd have addressed it to 'The Cupboard Under the Stairs' if SS hadn't made the Dursley's move him.

#

HOGWARTS SCHOOL

OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY

Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore

(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwhump, International Confed. of Wizards)

 

Dear Mr Potter,

We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.

Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.

Yours sincerely,

Minerva McGonagall

Deputy Headmistress

#

Harry stared at it in shock. Reading it again and again.

Seriously? He fumed. That's it? They didn't even explain how to find an owl, or how to even get there. How was I possibly going to figure all this out?

SS had told him that Muggle-raised students received visits from one of the Heads of Houses. He'd written to to Harry when the boy didn't get a visit. 'It would appear someone would prefer you weren't given as much information as others in your position would be owed. Play along with their scheme. You will learn more that way and will keep them ignorant.'

Harry's eye fell upon the name at the top of the letter.

Albus Dumbledore.

Harry had read about him before. In the Daily Prophet, Hogwarts: A History and a history book SS had sent to him on modern Wizarding politics, following the rise of Grindelwald.

Harry had read not just of Dumbledore's role as Headmaster of Hogwarts, but of his role as Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot.

Dumbledore was the primary opponent to the Dark Lord when he'd bid for power. Which meant he'd fought alongside Harry's parents. And he'd sent Harry a form letter and a Grounds Keeper to explain all this.

'Keep them ignorant.' The words rumbled around Harry's head.

Was that what Dumbledore was doing, he wondered. Trying to keep Harry ignorant.

Ignorant of what?

"Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me," Hagrid said then pulled a genuine live owl from his pocket (Harry was a little worried about the poor creature), a quill and a roll of parchment. Then he started to write out a note to the Headmaster.

Once the ruffled-looking owl had fled the hut, his Uncle and Aunt finally recovered from shock long enough to scream and yell about how he definitely wasn't going to that "freak school" and learning "freak stuff".

Then Aunt Petunia went on a rambling tangent about how awful it had been for her, growing up with "Lily this" and "Lily that" and how she'd never got to go to a fancy school because her parents had blown all their savings on their perfect, lovely "freak" of a daughter. And suddenly, everything started to make sense.

No wonder Aunt Petunia hated him. She was jealous. Jealous of her sister and jealous of him. Lily was special and Petunia... Petunia was normal. Ordinary. And so she made herself feel better about it by proudly proclaiming that she was the most normal person of all the normal people in the world, and that anyone who wasn't normal was, well, abnormal.

When Aunt Petunia finally let slip about the awful lie they'd told about Lily and James Potter's being drunks who died in a car accident, Hagrid roared with fury and set things straight.

Listening to Hagrid try and explain his parents's murder, and the rise and fall of the Dark Lord, was nothing short of painful. Especially when the man refused to say the murderer's name aloud until Harry had basically dragged it out of him.

"Voldemort?" Harry repeated.

The large man shuddered, like the very name was a bad omen. It made Harry wonder if that was why SS always referred to him as 'The Dark Lord'. To avoid writing or saying the name.

"Yeh. Anyway, this--this Wizard, about twenty years ago now, started lookin' fer followers. Got 'em, too--some were afraid, some just wanted a bit o' power, 'cause he was gettin' himself power, all right. Dark days, Harry..."

Hagrid explained it like you'd expect a child to explain it. Vague and simplistic. No mentions of Ministry corruption or prejudice over blood status. No mention of the effect Grindelwald had on the rise of the Dark Arts.

It sounded like something out of a Star Wars movie when Hagrid explained it. "The Dark Side" and "the Light". Dumbledore held up as some grand Obi Wan Kenobi. Wise, all knowing and powerful.

A simple, sad, but uncomplicated story.

A story. Not the truth. Not the full account. Not the whole thing.

'Keep them ignorant.' The words rumbled around his Harry's head. Over and over again.

#

When Harry arrived at the Leaky Cauldron, just moments from his very first visit to the actual Diagon Alley, he was practically vibrating with glee.

He'd been dreaming of this all year. Walking through an actual Wizarding street, surrounded by people like him.

He couldn't wait to get to the legendary entrance he'd read about in his Muggle-born Guide book.

Which made it all the more irritating when Hagrid delayed his adventure by outing him to the whole pub.

When the giant's comment about being here on "Hogwarts business" didn't seem effective enough a hint to the barman, he just reached over and swept Harry's hair away from his forehead.

If Harry been carrying a wand he would have hexed the idiot.

"Good Lord," the barman said, peering at Harry, "is this--can this be--?" The whole of the Cauldron fell silent as the man gazed at Harry in shock. "Bless my soul. Harry Potter, what an honor!" The man hurried away from the bar and shook Harry's hand. "Is it really you? You don't look how I'd expected. But you've got your mother's eyes, of course. Can I take another look at that scar, just to be sure?"

Harry pulled away just in time to avoid the man's reaching hand and was promptly mobbed by patrons. "Dorris Crockford, Mr Potter. Is it really you? You don't look like I'd--"

"Mr Potter, Mr Potter, mind if I take a picture?"

"So proud to meet you, Mr Potter. Could I just check your--"

"Er, Hagrid," Harry winced and politely backed away. "Can we leave?"

But Hagrid was occupied. "Professor Quirrell!" He called to a pale man, no older than thirty. "Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts."

"P-P-Potter," the Professor stammered, shaking Harry's hand. "C-can't t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you."

Harry smiled nervously, feeling claustrophobic as people kept leaning forward to stare at him, whispering about whether they were sure it was really Harry Potter and asking, once more to "see the scar."

"Nice to meet you, Professor," Harry said, grabbing Hagrid's hand and trying to tug him away from the crowd. "Well, we're in a rush, better be--"

"Nonsense," Hagrid beamed, pushing Harry back into the fray. "We got plenty'a time!"

Harry winced through the awkward handshakes and irritating questions. Strangers telling him he was much more handsome than his last photo and asking, over and over again to see his scar.

Ten minutes later, Hagrid finally decided to put Harry out of his misery.

"Must get on. Lots ter buy. Come on, Harry."

Harry was not best pleased with Hagrid when they finally got to the walled courtyard where he'd read the entrance would be.

"Told yeh, didn't I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell was tremblin' to meet yeh--mind you, he's usually tremblin'."

Harry decided not to dignify Hagrid with a response. He was too busy trying to recover from being attacked by crazed disciples.

How had none of these people sent him fan mail before, he thought to himself, before he realized that they must have.

Mail wards, maybe? Harry thought. Are those a thing?

Somebody must be redirecting his mail. Otherwise he would have been deluged with stuff from admirers and reporters. Probably even one or two cursed objects from former Death Eaters.

His train of thought was stopped short when Hagrid tapped the wall three times with his umbrella and the bricks trembled and yawned wide into an archway onto the cobbled pathway street of Diagon Alley.

It was perfect.

Mad and spectacular. Fizzling with magic. Bursting with sights and smells. Apothecaries and owl emporiums, Quidditch supply shops and stores packed with globes of the moon and telescopes.

"Gringotts," Hagrid announced as they reached the brilliant white building with grand bronze doors and a pair of Goblins in red and gold robes who bowed as they stepped inside.

Harry, remembering reading about Goblin customs in a beaten up old history book, bowed his head slightly in return. The Goblins blinked at him like he'd just hissed in Klingon.

He and Hagrid walked down a walkway full of counters and found an available Goblin and hurried over.

"Morning. We've come ter take some money outta Mr Harry Potter's safe."

"You have his key, sir?"

Well that's worrying.

Harry had read the Financial Section in The Daily Prophet enough to know how this place worked.

Harry should have been drawn aside for a 'Blood Exam' for confirmation of ownership and fashioned a key on the spot. This key must be his Guardian's Key. Which meant that someone had been keeping hold of it. Someone who thought it wise to give the key to his entire Trust Vault, the Vault that was meant to last him til he was an adult, to Rubeus Hagrid.

Things just got more frightening when Hagrid had to empty his pockets of moldy dog biscuits and lint to find said key.

Harry tried very hard not to panic.

"Got it!" Hagrid said, holding it up proudly.

"That seems to be in order."

What? Harry scowled. No it isn't. What happened to the ream of Goblin contracts I'm meant to be traversing right now? The deluge of paperwork. You haven't even asked the name of the strange man who walked in with an underage Wizard and their key. He might be robbing me!

"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," Hagrid said, conspiratorially. Very pleased with himself for some reason. "It's about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen."

"Very well," the Goblin said when he was finished with the letter, "I will have someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook!"

Harry suddenly felt a little sick.

Albus Dumbledore wrote a letter and Rubeus Hagrid got free reign of some mysterious vault.

That didn't sound legal at all.

"What's the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen?" Harry asked, as they followed Griphook down a hallway.

"Can't tell yeh that. Very secret. Hogwarts business. Dumbledore's trusted me. More'n my job's worth ter tell yeh that."

That didn't seem like a very sensible decision. Trusting this to a man who lost vault keys in a pocket full of dog biscuits.

Either Dumbledore was very stupid or playing a very strange game.

Griphook held the door open for them and bowed his head slightly while Hagrid walked through. Harry bowed his head back and the reaction was instantaneous.

Griphook's snarl fell and his eyes widened with shock. It took the Goblin a few seconds to recover enough to whistle for the cart.

The cart ride through the maze felt like a brilliant sort of payback for Hagrid setting the mob on him earlier. The giant was wobbling and green by the time they came to a stop but Harry was grinning wickedly. Griphook shared a smirk with him in return as he unlocked the door.

Gold, silver and bronze. More money than Harry'd ever seen in person. And all his.

He was frozen by the sight. Bowled over by it.

Griphook handed him an expandable money pouch and nodded, seeming intrigued when Harry did so in reply.

"Let me know if you need any help, Mr Potter," the Goblin said with an air of significance, like a hidden message.

Harry licked his lips. "Thank you, Master Griphook," Harry whispered, low enough that Hagrid wouldn't hear.

The Goblin grinned.

"C'mon Harry," Hagrid said. "We'll fill you up. We're a'sposed to be gettin' yeh a 'undred Galleon's exactly. How's yer countin'?"

"A hundred?" Harry asked, walking over to a pile of Galleons and picking up a handful. "Why exactly a hundred?"

"Well, Dumbledore said that'd be all yer needed. Any more an' yeh'd be wastin' yer money."

Harry frowned at that. "But I'm probably not coming here for the rest of the year. Wouldn't it make more sense to pick up enough for Christmas gifts and stuff?"

Hagrid hesitated at that, then scowled and shook his head. "Dumbledore said a 'undred exactly. So that's all we're gettin'."

Harry chewed his lip and resisted the urge to argue. "Fair enough," he said. "A hundred it is."

Harry then proceeded to pick up two coins at a time and count them as only one aloud, while Griphook watched curiously from the door.

"Eighty-six, eighty-eight..."

"Mister Hagrid," Griphook called from the door, "can I have a word?"

Hagrid turned his back and walked over to the door as Harry furiously stuffed Galleons, Sickles and Knuts into the bag, scowling the whole time and swearing Dumbledore's name under his breath.

"Yeh done Harry?" Hagrid called from outside.

"Yep!" Harry called back, lifting to his feet and walking to the door.

When the Goblin locked the door again and handed Harry the key, Hagrid suddenly snatched it out his palm again with an apologetic look. "We'll take care of it for yeh, Harry. Jus' send Dumbledore a letter and I'm sure he'll lend it to yeh."

Harry grit his teeth and swallowed down his fury.

"Sure," Harry said, managing to smile. Though he doubted it would convince anybody but Hagrid.

#

Harry had never been more delighted, when Hagrid uttered the words: "Listen, Harry, would yeh mind if I slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron. I hate them Gringotts carts."

"Of course I don't mind," Harry said, voice ripe with false sympathy. "You look real off-color, Hagrid. You've gotta be exhausted after trekking all over the country to find me. Why don't you buy yourself a couple." Harry reached into his pouch and pulled out a galleon. "My treat."

Hagrid blinked at him tearfully. "Bless yeh, lad. Yer a real good'un." He sniffed and gripped the coin. "I will. Go ter Madam Malkin's, she'll set yeh right. I'll be over in a bit."

Harry walked into Madam Malkin's desperately trying to keep his head high and confident, like he walked into magical robe-making shops all the time and definitely wasn't gleeful at the thought of buying his own, brand new clothes made with magic.

"Hogwarts, dear?" She said, when Harry was about to speak. "Got the lot here. Another young man being fitted up just now, in fact. Come along, I'll get you measured."

Harry followed the rushing woman into the back, a little bewildered. There on a sort of circular podium was a boy with ice blonde hair and skin as pale as Harry's. Madam Malkin directed Harry to the podium and slipped a robe over his head.

"I was hoping to get--"

"Yes, love. I know, three work robes, coming right up."

Harry frowned. "No. Well, yes, but I also wanted--"

"We don't embroider the Houses for first years. The House Elves do it when you've been Sorted, love. You'll just have to wait."

Harry scowled and huffed. "That's not what I meant. I--"

The boy behind him tittered, grinning gleefully. "You're doing it wrong."

"Huh?"

The boy rolled his eyes. "You don't request, you just state your business. Father always says that hesitation breeds weakness."

Harry lifted a brow at that. This boy's father sounded like a bit of a dick.

He turned back to Madam Malkin and took a breath.

"Three sets of white dress shirts too, please," he said, clearly and succinctly. "And three sets of fitted black trousers. I would like to see a selection of your Winter Cloaks, too."

Madam Malkin blinked at him then jumped to his feet. "Oh, well, of course. You should have said something!"

She rushed from the room to the front, apparently to gather Winter Cloaks.

Harry exhaled and turned to the blonde. "Thanks."

The blonde nodded imperiously in reply. "Not a bad effort. The first time I went robe shopping alone, I was an utter mess. The saleswoman sold me a scarlet dress robe. Scarlet." He shuddered. "It was an utter nightmare."

Harry smirked. "Not a Gryffindor fan, then?"

The boy scoffed. "Absolutely not. I am a Slytherin. Or, I will be, at least. All our family have been. Both sides. Imagine being in Hufflepuff. I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?"

Harry shrugged. "I wouldn't mind it. Especially if my next best option is going to Beauxbatons and trying to bungle my way through French."

The boy snickered. "Or learning Russian and going to Durmstrang. My father almost sent me there, you know. But I'm rather glad mother refused."

Harry nodded gravely. "Scotland is cold enough for me, thank you."

The boy grinned, eyes sparkling, then Madam Malkin rushed into the room carrying a load of Winter Coats. "Speaking of cold weather."

Harry wound up picking out one lined inside with black fur with embroidered silver around the hood and cloak edges, at the blonde boy's insistence that it was the most 'timeless' of the lot. Then, Madam Malkin continued to measure him for his robes, dress shirts and trousers and muttered a few complicated spells, waved her wand and the whole lot was stitched up and a fitted size in seconds.

"That's you done, dear. Would you like to spell them to grow with you? It lasts for the year."

"Yes, please," Harry said and stepped down from the podium.

"I say, look at that man!" The boy said suddenly, nodding towards the window. Hagrid was grinning and holding two ice creams, waiting for Harry to finish.

Harry waved awkwardly at the man. Then sighed. "That's Hagrid."

"Oh, is he with you?" The boy said, nose wrinkling up in distaste.

"Yeah, long story," Harry said. "I was kind of hoping he'd get drunk at the Leaky and forget about me."

The boy smirked. "Hoping, huh? If you were a Slytherin you'd have bought him the pints to be certain of it."

Harry smirked. "I did," he said. "Next time I'll just open a tab." The boy scoffed and Harry paid Madam Malkin the 30 Galleons he owed and stepped toward the door. "See you at Hogwarts!"

"Hey! I never got your name!"

Harry pretended not to hear and stepped out the door. Hagrid was in much better form after a couple of pints. Pointing out all the sights and explaining the rules of Quidditch when Harry had to remind him he didn't (or wasn't supposed to) know anything about it.

When they'd finished their ice creams they stopped in Flourish & Blotts and Harry had to use all his skills of misdirection to swap out the History of Magic and Magical Drafts and Potions books, which he already had second-hand copies of at home, for Curses and Counter-Curses and Dark or Defense: The Grey Line Between.

Just as they'd finished getting his telescope and potions supplies, Hagrid proudly announced. "Jus' yer wand left an'--oh yeah, I still haven't got yeh a birthday present."

Harry reddened. "You don't need to do that, Hagrid. Besides, we've still got to get my trunk and some notebooks and quills for classes. I haven't even got a pair of new shoes for school yet."

"Bah, yer don't need all tha'," Hagrid snorted. "'Sides, Dumbledore said 'stick to the list'."

Harry just barely managed to keep from glowering. He chewed his lip and his mind whirred with options. "But, Dumbledore didn't know what the Dursleys were like. He probably thought they'd keep my mum's old trunk or buy me school shoes themselves. But they've never done anything like that and I know Aunt Petunia will have thrown mum's out. If I don't get them myself," Harry drooped miserably, "I don't want to wind up wearing Dudley's ratty old trainers to Hogwarts. I'll get teased. They're always teasing me at school."

Hagrid sniffed and his eyes watered. "Those damned Muggles. I can't believe they've got a drop of Lily's blood. She were such a kind woman, sweet girl. Nothin' like tha' miserable rotter Petunia. Throwin' away Lily's old trunk like tha'. Come on, the we'll go to the Cobblers firs' and find yer a nice pair o' school shoes. Then some notebooks and a trunk. An' then yer birthday gift, I recon. I've got jus' the thing in mind."

They stopped by the cobblers and bought Harry a pair of classic Oxfords, with a whole boatload of charms on them to keep dry and mud-free, as well as grow with him for the year. Then they picked up notebooks and quills. At the trunk shop, Harry was able to distract Hagrid long enough to get one of the fancier Portmanteau's with a password, featherlight charm, expansion charm on the interior and two clever drawers that preserved food, potions and ingredients.

Then Hagrid took him over to Eeylops Owl Emporium and bought Harry's birthday gift, a stunning snowy owl. Even though Harry had been less than impressed by Hagrid's occasional lapses into Albus Dumbledore's loyal minion, he couldn't help but well with gratitude and appreciation when he saw Hagrid pool together what little money he had of his own to buy Harry the owl.

"Thank you so much, Hagrid," Harry said, smiling up at him. "This is one of the best presents I've ever had."

"Don' mention it," Hagrid said, cheeks pinking a little. "Just Ollivanders left now--best place for wands."

Ollivanders felt charged as he stepped in. Like the space was filled with enough static energy to power a lightning bolt. The hairs on his arms tingled and the air felt electric.

"Good afternoon," a soft voice said and Harry jumped out of his skin.

The pale man, Harry assumed Mr Ollivander, creepily went on to tell Harry all about his mother's wand ("Willow, ten and a quarter inches, swishy"), his father's wand ("Mahogany, eleven inches, pliable") and also the wand that Dark Lord used to murder his parents.

He stated it all in a far-away voice. Matter of fact. Like quoting statistics.

Harry was more than a little relieved when the man moved on to measuring his arm and searching for a wand to "choose" him.

They went through wands of beech wood, maple and ebony, different cores and sizes. But nothing seemed to match. Then Ollivander got out a wand with an "unusual combination" of holly and phoenix feather. The minute Harry touched it, something just felt right.

He brought it swishing through the air and gold sparks came shooting from the end like fireworks.

Hagrid whooped and Harry beamed. Then, Mr Ollivander went and ruined it all by telling him that the brother to the phoenix feather in his wand had slaughtered his family.

* * *
Notes:

    Thanks to everyone who has left lovely messages or kudos! They've really made my day. Hope you enjoyed this chapter!

Chapter 7
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

"Rubeus bloody Hagrid," Minerva snarled, her voice laced with utter distain, snarling like a lioness fighting for her cubs. "You sent Rubeus bloody Hagrid, the Grounds Keeper, to fetch the Boy-Who-Lived."

"Hagrid was a perfectly capable choice," Albus said, eye twinkling genially as if this was all simply an amusing joke, he sat back in the seat behind his desk and folded his hands together, "he needed to go pick up something for me from Gringotts anyway. It seemed sensible."

Severus shuddered with rage. He'd been barely withholding his fury ever since Jiffy reported to him exactly whom had been sent to fetch the boy and explain the Wizarding World to him.

Before that, he had only suspected that Albus was trying to keep the boy ignorant. Now, having heard whom Albus thought a fitting escort, Severus was absolutely certain of it.

He'd sent Hagrid. His bumbling, bleating sycophant who would not bat an eyelash or question his wisdom when the boy was sent back to his abusers. Who would speak of Albus with reverent tones like Merlin reincarnate.

He'd sent Hagrid. Not Minerva. Not Filius. Not Pomona. Not a teacher at all.

He sent the Grounds Keeper. A Wizard who wasn't even allowed to own a wand.

Severus had been tempted to wring the old bastard's neck himself, but he couldn't exactly reveal how he'd come to know this piece of information. So, he went to the other Heads of House and casually inquired whether they had been the ones sent to speak to the boy.

Then, when Minerva realized none of them had, she'd whirled on Albus like a demon risen from hell.

"Albus," Severus snarled, "do you mean to tell me you sent Rubeus Hagrid to fetch the Philosopher's Stone."

The Headmaster's eye twinkled with amusement. "Well, he's the last person here who'd think to use it, isn't he?"

"That's insane, Albus!" Minerva cried. "Rubeus hasn't a real wand! And you sent him to fetch it while the boy was right there! You know how awful Hagrid is at keeping secrets!"

"Hagrid can be trusted," Albus insisted.

Oh, the half-Giant could be trusted, well enough. Trusted to blather more than he should. Trusted to tell the boy enough to arouse his curiosity.

For some reason, Albus wanted Harry curious. Wanted him to explore and uncover the secret. He was moving Harry about like a chess piece already.

It sickened Severus to his bones.

"Albus," Minerva slammed her hand down on the table. "I insist that you allow me to visit the boy. Hagrid cannot have done an adequate job explaining everything that must be said. He'd forget his own head if it weren't attached. And those Dursleys are such--"

"One moment," Albus said, suddenly stood up and glanced at the Potions Master. "If I could get the room alone with Minerva, Severus."

Ah, so he was still insistent on maintaining the fiction of 'Potter the spoiled, pampered Prince'. Determined to ensure Severus loathed the boy.

"With pleasure," Severus sneered. "I will see you at the Pre-Term Staff Meeting and not a day sooner, if I can help it."

Minerva huffed at him and rolled her eyes. "Very sorry to intrude upon your brooding, Severus."

"You should be," he said. "Good day, Minerva, Albus."

Severus stepped over to the Headmaster's Floo departed, his mind whirling with anxiety.

Albus Dumbledore was plotting something.

And Severus intended to figure out exactly what.

#

Hagrid sent Harry off on the train to Surrey on his own, with nothing but an envelope enclosing his Hogwarts Express ticket, a twenty pound note and a smile.

If Harry hadn't bought himself a trunk with an expansion charm, he hated to think how much work it would have been to haul his bags of shopping about with him.

He found an empty carriage and stuffed them all his purchases inside his trunk when nobody was looking, then opened a carriage window and his owl's cage.

"I'll meet you at home, okay?" Harry said. "Number Four Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey. The Smallest Bedroom. Wait outside if the window is closed."

The little snowy owl hooted in agreement and fluttered out the window. Then Harry closed it and placed the empty cage inside the trunk.

When Harry was sitting on the train, he pulled his ticket to Hogwarts out of the envelope and stared.

Platform Nine and three-quarters. Just like his book had said. He'd dreamed of holding this ticket, of stepping on the Express for the first time.

He smiled down at it, a bubble of excitement swelling in his chest before a realization hit.

Hagrid never told him how to get onto the Platform.

His smile faded.

Harry already knew how, of course. He'd read the Muggle-born Guide book a dozen times and had the instructions memorized for almost a year.

But Hagrid had never actually told him.

If Harry hadn't already known about it, he'd likely have shown up at King's Cross without a clue how to get onto the Platform.

Was that an accident, Harry wondered, as he remembered all the other little suspicious details of his shopping trip today. Or did Dumbledore make sure Harry wouldn't know how to get onto it. What would be the point of that?

Harry used the money Hagrid had given him to get the bus home from the station. When he got home the door unlocked from the inside and he spotted Jiffy crouching behind it, hiding from the neighbors.

"God am I glad you're here," Harry sighed, "otherwise I'd be sitting on the step all day waiting for the Dursleys."

Jiffy squeaked with indignation. "Jiffy would never let the Young Master sit outside like that! And definitely not on his Birthday!"

Then there was a soft pop and the little House Elf was holding a gorgeous two-tiered chocolate cake with 'Happy Birthday Young Master Harry!' written on the top.

Harry grinned. It looked a lot nicer (and a lot less squished) than Hagrid's. "Wow, Jiffy! This looks amazing!"

Jiffy blushed and grinned proudly. "Jiffy practiced! And Master S taught Jiffy how to write it properly."

Harry smiled. The last of his frustrations about Albus Dumbledore's manipulating ways faded at the sight of a gleeful Jiffy.

"Thank you, Jiffy," he said. "I love it."

The House Elf squeaked with embarrassment but managed not to yelp, cry or pop away as he said his thanks. "M-Master Harry's very welcome."

Jiffy popped away and Harry ascended the stairs to his room. When he turned the key and the hidden flat was revealed, the House Elf was busy cutting him a huge slice of cake and his new Snowy Owl was sitting by the open window.

Then he spotted a package on the table. Wrapped in brown paper and string, with a letter sitting on top.

Harry rushed over and picked up the letter, quickly tearing it open.

#

Mr Potter,

On this day, years ago, your parents held you in their arms and swore to protect you with their lives.

I know your mother and father would be proud to meet the boy you have become, and even prouder, I suspect, of the man you will one day come to be.

This trinket was meant for your mother, but I hope that you will appreciate it as a reminder of the love she had for you. A love which doubtless saved your life and which endures to this day.

Happy Birthday,

SS

#

Harry picked up the small parcel, untied the string and tore away the paper.

Inside was a box. Black and about the size for a watch. When he opened it he found... a lily.

A silver lily with a long stem that curled and looped around to the shape of a bracelet. It was beautiful. Shimmering with magic and as delicate-looking as the flower itself.

Harry picked it up and slid the large cuff onto his wrist and the long silver stem of the lily twisted, swirling around until it was a perfect fit.

It was stunning.

Perfect.

Harry touched the cupped silver lily and smiled.

#

The day after his birthday, Harry woke up and saw the news headline about a break in at Gringotts.

"Vault Seven hundred and thirteen," Harry read aloud, realizing almost instantly why it sounded so familiar.

It was the same Vault that Hagrid had picked up a strange package from, on Dumbledore's order. That couldn't be a coincidence.

He'd written a whole long essay for SS after that, clipping the article and hiding it in his drawer. He told SS everything. Not just the bizarre news headline and the strange parcel that Hagrid had taken. But also about the strange fact that he'd been picked up by Hagrid and not a teacher, and how Hagrid had described the last war.

He ranted about the whole infuriating and genuinely terrifying mess with his own Gringotts vault and his worry that Dumbledore was withholding his money from him for reasons he didn't want to think about. The weird budget that had been implemented just made things more bizarre and he finished up with how Hagrid had given him his ticket and left without actually telling him how to get to Platform nine and three-quarters.

SS's reply had been succinct and strangely comforting in its savagery.

'Every time I think I humanity has plunged to the deepest depths of my lowest expectations, I find another trench. Albus Dumbledore, as you have surmised, is a manipulative and controlling Warlock who withholds his real agenda from even his closest allies, forcing those around him to bend to his will and trust in his "divine plan".

'The Headmaster intends, it would seem, to move you about like a pawn, set you on a path of his choosing, whatever that may be. We, instead, will be plotting the territory, ready to find a path of your own. Do not fret about Albus Dumbledore, Harry. We will deal with him in due course.'

Harry decided to listen and, instead of worrying, he began to practice his first spells.

Though it was technically a few months until the Ministry started tracing his magic, he was still grateful that SS had set the wards around his flat to hide when he performed magic from the Ministry's Trace.

He'd already memorized the Common Household Spells Chapter in The Wizarding World: A Muggle-born Guide by heart (he'd used a pencil at the time, but hopefully it was better than no practice at all), but he'd never actually performed a spell. The author of the book had warned that:

'Though most people claim there is no true advantage, academically speaking, to being in a Wizarding household compared to a Muggle one, I believe this assertion to be patently false. Those who live in a Wizard household have summer periods to train and practice, as well as a childhood familiarizing themselves with everyday magic.

'Students from Muggle households do not have these advantages. They are tracked over the summer to prevent the "Improper Use of Underage Magic", but children from Wizarding Households are not held to the same strictures, as it is difficult to monitor and so left to the parents to supervise. This leaves those from Muggle households to work twice as hard to get half as far in their studies. Do not let anybody tell you otherwise.'

Harry took the passage to heart and so began his studies. He wasn't going to waste this time he had before he started at Hogwarts.

His first spell was the Aguamenti charm. It was a simple enough incantation, with an easy flick of the hand. But his first attempt propelled a jet of water at the sleeping Hedwig, who screeched indignantly and evacuated the room.

He got the hang of the spell after a few more disastrous attempts. It was a surprisingly difficult charm to master. He had to focus on where you intended the stream of water to go. It reminded him a bit of manipulating magic during his Occlumency practice. But, once he'd got the hang of it, the other spells fell into place much easier.

After that, he learned the Reparo, Scourgify, Point Me and Accio charms. He went through all the spells he could find, determined not to be behind his Wizarding-raised peers.

When he'd exhausted himself with all his practice, he read through some of his new books. Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling was a rambling mess, but once you spent some some translating the bizarre terminology and overblown sentences, it was actually really useful.

The book explained why certain motions, whether it be the movement of your wand in a spell, or the direction you stirred a potion, were so important to the success of a magical practice. Deisul, or clockwise, was in union with direction of magic's natural current (and the direction of the earth's rotation) and Widdershins, anti-clockwise, went against it and so produced a kind of resistance.

It also went into a lot of detail about transfiguration. The different branches, the five variables to carrying out a successful transfiguration, Gamp's Law and a whole 'Philosophy of Conjuration and Vanishment' section. With questions such as, was it immoral to vanish a living creature, and why Vanishment worked on some living creatures but not others.

Harry felt as though he had to immerse himself in the work, or else he'd go crazy. He was thrumming with so much excitement and worry he could barely sleep.

Harry got up early that Sunday 1st, dressed in his black trousers, white shirt and polished oxfords and ate breakfast one last time in his home.

Jiffy sniffed and bawled as she handed over The Daily Prophet and a letter from SS.

"Jiffy's going to," sniff, "miss Master Harry," sniff, "so much!"

"I'll miss you, too," Harry said, smiling at her, "but you can still visit when nobody's about, can't you?"

Sniff. "Master S told Jiffy not to 'overindulge' Young Master Harry, so Jiffy's only to go to pass letters when you call her and," sniff, "Jiffy can't go being seen by the Hogwarts Elves or they'll tell the Headmaster."

Harry sighed. "I'm sorry, Jiffy. I'm going to miss you. But maybe we could write?"

"Write?" Jiffy straightened and wiped her eyes. "Master Harry would write Jiffy letters?"

Harry nodded. "And you could write back. Would that be alright?"

"Yes!" Jiffy squeaked. "Jiffy be practicing her writing!"

Harry grinned. "Great, so it's a plan."

Jiffy squealed with delight and popped away.

Harry chuckled and turned to the letter, tearing it open and peering inside.

#

Mr Potter,

Good luck today and do not worry too much on interfering old fools.

Yours faithfully,

SS

P.S. You made the front page, yet again.

#

Harry smiled then unfurled the paper and chuckled as he spotted that the front page article.

'THE RETURN OF THE BOY-WHO-LIVED'

They'd got out the old photograph of him stepping out of a shop and SS had doodled a speech bubble saying: 'Tabloid rubbish'.

Harry burst with a laugh and flicked to the Financial Pages and Potioneers News.

#

Uncle Vernon had outright refused to drive Harry to the station. They'd booked to go see a movie with Dudley that Sunday and no way in hell was Dudley going to miss out so that Harry could go to his 'Freak School', especially after Hagrid had nearly hexed the boy with a pig's tail (Harry had talked the Wizard out of it, but no good deed ever went unpunished when it came to the Dursleys).

Harry already had his expectations in the Dursley set to 'extremely low', so he wasn't that fussed when he had to make an stupidly early departure for the Hogwarts Express.

It took him one bus to Woking Station, a platform change at Victoria and a lot of wandering around Kings Cross, but he found platforms nine and ten, with half an hour to spare.

As instructed, he played dumb. SS had told him that he should act as if someone was lingering nearby to watch him, even if it were unlikely. So Harry wandered about the Platform looking very confused and asking a bewildered guard for directions.

After a few minutes, Harry then began to 'inspect' the walls, cautiously tapping his wand on bricks, like Hagrid has in the Leaky Cauldron, until he 'discovered' the magical barrier and walked right through.

There it was. Just like he read. The Hogwarts Express. He grinned at the red steam engine and the bustling platform. Students yelled and parents sobbed. Pets flew and scuttled about around them.

Harry was so busy taking in the sights and sounds, he forgot to move out of the way of the barrier.

A trolley came slamming into his back and an infuriated ginger-haired boy with a prefect badge scowled at him.

"Move away from the barrier when you've walked through," he said with the tone of a jaded schoolteacher. "Are you okay? Do you need a Medi-Witch?"

"No. I'm okay, thank you," Harry winced, rubbing his sore back and stepped down the platform.

He walked down the platform until he found an empty carriage, then slipped his featherlight trunk on board. He'd been thankful more than once during his long trip to King's Cross that he'd managed to talk Hagrid into letting him buy a new trunk. He had to get Hedwig to meet him at Hogwarts, since taking an owl on public transportation was bound to get him a few funny looks.

Harry took a seat by the window, half hidden as the family's bustled about saying heartfelt goodbye's.

Something ached miserably inside his chest as he watched them. He reached for his left wrist and stroked the silver lily on his bracelet, swallowing the feeling down.

The minutes ticked by as the train filled and the platform's bustling grew more frenzied.

"Albus was sure he'd be there," a voice muttered outside the train.

Albus?

When Harry peered outside he spotted a woman, surrounded by children. All of them with the same shock of ginger hair and smattering of freckles.

"Who?" Asked a gangly boy with a smudge of dirt on his nose.

"You know who--no not... I meant, you know," she peered around the platform worriedly.

"Oh!" The girl beside her squeaked, suddenly frantically checking the platform. "You mean him."

"Who?" The boy huffed.

"The poor dear grew up Muggle," the woman muttered, ignoring her son. "Albus said he might have trouble finding the platform, bless him. But he must have asked someone else."

"Who!?" The boy yelled, waving his hands about.

The woman rolled her eyes. "Harry Potter, of course. We told you about this."

"Oh!" The boy gasped, grabbing his suitcase. "Should I go and--?"

"In a bit," his mother said. "You go find him later. He's not going to be mobbed by Dark Wizards the minute he sits down."

Harry sat back suddenly, eyes wide. He stealthily checked his scar was covered and chewed his lip.

Holy shit, Harry gripped his hands into fists, what the hell is this?

There was more bickering outside as two twins, Fred and George, offered to mail their younger sister a Hogwarts toilet seat and the mother threatened to tell 'Minnie' about it.

Then the whistle blew and they were flooding onto the train, yelling their goodbye's from the carriage windows.

Harry tried to breathe steadily, trying to figure out what the hell they'd been talking about, it was a few minutes before he remembered to occlude.

He felt his mind clear as his magic crept through it. His thoughts became sharp and clear again.

The woman had been waiting for him outside the platform barrier. Dumbledore had told her to look out for him. He'd told her to, when he could have just contacted Harry with instructions.

She called him Albus, Harry remembered. First name basis implied friendship in the Wizarding World. Or some kind of equal footing. Which meant she was close to him. Possibly part of his 'inner circle'.

She talked to her son about me, Harry realized. It almost sounded as if they'd been planning for him to make friends with the ginger boy.

"He's not going to be mobbed by Dark Wizards the minute he sits down."

The compartment door clattered and a flare of red appeared inside. Harry looked up and saw the freckled boy with the smudge on his nose.

The boy was peering at him curiously, like he was trying to figure out a puzzle. He frowned at Harry's neat wispy hair, his sharp cheekbones and the complete lack of thick-lensed glasses, then seemed to decide this wasn't who he was looking for and charged away again to check the next compartment.

Harry breathed a sigh of relief, a little pleased, for once, that he didn't look like his father.

Harry had a couple of hours of blissful silence, reading his One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi textbook and looking through SS's comments in The Daily Prophet.

Then trolley witch arrived and he gleefully grabbed a handful of everything he could. Chocolate frogs, Bertie Botts Every-flavor Beans, Sugar Quills and Ice Mice. He sat in his compartment trying one of each. He'd been seeing adverts for Honeydukes in The Daily Prophet all year and the treats did not disappoint.

Then all hell broke loose.

His compartment door slammed open and there stood the ginger boy, looking a little peeved and ruffled, standing behind a girl with frizzy hair and a determined gleam in her eye.

"State your name, please," she said with an air of authority.

Harry frowned. "Excuse me?"

"State your name," she sighed, as if he were being very difficult, "please."

"Why?"

"Because we're looking for someone," she folded her arms. "We're checking that he got on the train okay."

Harry suddenly got a really bad feeling. "Wh-who?"

She scowled. "Look, all you need to know is that we're making sure that a boy got on the train. We think he may have missed it and we need to be sure so that the teacher's can be informed."

Oh, bugger.

This was bad. If he didn't tell them his name, this girl was probably going to have teacher's scouring all of King's Cross for his corpse. But if he did...

Harry swallowed and peered at the scowling red-headed boy who'd apparently conspired with his parents and a meddling Headmaster to befriend him.

"If he missed the train then he'll just tell his parents or guardians, won't he?" Harry reasoned. "He might have already contacted someone."

The girl's nose lifted. "Excuse me," she scoffed. "It would be irresponsible not to inform an adult about a missing child. You're not appraised of the situation, so let us handle it."

"Appraised of what?"

"None of your business," the redhead scowled. "Look, let's just go. It's not him."

The girl peered at Harry furiously, staring deep into his face like she was trying to see past a glamour. Then she sighed and slammed the carriage door closed, wandering to the next.

When Harry had time alone in the carriage, he realized the terrible, awful, miserable mistake he'd just made.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello all! Thanks again for all the lovely messages and kudos. It's been so rewarding to see people enjoying what I write. I hope you like this chapter, too.

    Just a quick note on Ron and Hermione. I don't want this to turn into a proper 'Hermione Bashing' or 'Ron Bashing' fic. I like their characters but thought that they could both do with a little dose of reality. Hermione's got a bit of a superiority complex and an unhealthy craving for external validation that I want to help her overcome (eventually) and Ron is going to have to learn to think for himself and question Dumbledore's orders (though that might take another book to get to that point). Hope that sits well with everyone.

    Anyway, I plan to get the next chapter up this week. Until then :)

Chapter 8
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

It took only another half hour for the whole train to go full alert. At some point one of his two stalkers had let slip who they were looking for and then everybody seemed to know that "The Harry Potter" was MIA.

Students of every age began scouring the train. Just the first and second years at first, but soon enough everyone was. It wasn't long before some upper year finally just barged into the compartment and used a small Ventus jinx to blow Harry's fringe out the way.

"You're Harry Potter?" A tall Ravenclaw boy asked, frowning a little, as if he were disenfranchised by the thought.

"Er, no," Harry said.

"You must be," the boy said, frowning. Then pointed to his forehead. "You've got the scar."

"Uh..."

"I'm gonna go get a Prefect."

Crap.

The boy swept away and Harry sank with his head in his hand. This was a sodding nightmare. He could hear all the students madly checking the compartments asking to see people's foreheads and generally making a big song and dance out of this.

He was utterly screwed. He'd not even stepped off the train yet and already he was going to be in trouble with the teachers.

If he had Hedwig with him he could at least send them a letter, but as it was he'd need to come clean.

The door slammed open and Harry looked up.

"Have you seen--" the blonde boy from Madam Malkin's stood there staring, then grinned. "Oh, it's you!"

Harry froze. "Huh?"

"From Madam Malkin's," the boy said, stepping inside then lifting out his hand. "I never introduced myself. Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."

Harry smiled awkwardly and stood, shaking the boy's hand. "Nice to meet you, Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."

The boy snorted and smirked. "Well?"

"Uh, well what?"

The boy rolled his eyes. "This is the part where you state your name," he huffed.

"Oh, is it?" Harry winced.

Draco Malfoy paused, freezing in place and his brow lifting. He peered in Harry's eyes and then lit up like Christmas had come early.

"Oh, Merlin," Malfoy gasped, hands clasped together like he was praying to the dead Wizard in thanks. "Oh, Merlin, Salazar and Morgana! You're--"

"Shh!" Harry hissed, slamming the compartment shut. "Oh god, this is a mess. They're going to have a sodding search party out in half an hour."

Malfoy cried out a loud "Hah!" Then he snorted. "They already do, have you seen the hallway lately? Give it a few minutes and they'll stop the train."

Harry groaned, hand clasped around his eyes. "I'm screwed. They're going to kick me out of Hogwarts before I even arrive."

"As if they'd dare," Malfoy smirked. "You're the Boy-Who-Lived. You could Avada half the staff at Hogwarts and they'd still enroll you next year to finish off the other half."

Harry choked on a laugh. "I doubt that."

Malfoy rolled his eyes. "Fine, if you're that worried about it. Dobby!"

A House Elf suddenly popped into the carriage, wearing a grubby pillowcase and looking significantly more miserable than Jiffy ever had.

"Yes, Young Master?"

"Please inform Professor Snape that Harry Potter is alive and well, on the Hogwarts Express, and cowering from his fan-club in a desperate attempt to avoid being mobbed."

The House Elf straightened. "Harry Potter!" Dobby cried. Then twisted to stare adoringly at Harry as if he were the living embodiment of sainthood. "Dobby is so honored Mister Harry Potter! So honored! Dobby be hearing all about--"

"Dobby!" Malfoy cried. "Stop that! Just go pass along the message."

The House Elf suddenly popped away.

"There," Malfoy said. "Nothing to worry about."

Harry finally exhaled with relief. "Who is Prof--"

The compartment slid open and standing in the doorway was the ginger boy, the frizzy haired girl and the ginger Prefect who'd nearly knocked him over on the Platform.

"You?" The youngest boy cried, eyes wide. "I thought you said you weren't?"

"Technically you just assumed I wasn't."

The girl scowled and folded her arms. "A lie of omission is still a lie, you know? How could you? We were worried about you!"

Harry seriously doubted that. She'd honestly seemed more like she just wanted to play hero and score points with the teachers, but he supposed there was no point arguing about it.

"I apologize," Harry said, doing a fairly decent impression of contrition, "but I panicked. The last time I got outed as the Boy-Who-Lived I got swarmed by admirers all clamoring to touch my forehead." He winced. "I was just hoping for a bit of quiet."

The girl scowled at him and twirled away in a huff.

"That's still no excuse not to seek out a Prefect to explain before things got out of hand," the prefect said, folding his arms. "We sent out an emergency message to Hogwarts. They might already be looking around King's Cross right now."

"That hardly seems fair," Malfoy jumped in, folding his arms.

The prefect scowled. "He caused a scene," the boy said. "If he'd come forward sooner--"

"It's not as if he asked for the entire train to go into high alert looking for him," Malfoy sneered. "No wonder he kept his head down. I'd keep quiet too if a couple hundred children were running around looking for me. Magic only knows what they'd do if they actually found him. If he is that important then a teacher should have escorted him to the platform to begin with and ensured he safely boarded."

The prefect sighed and nodded. "Okay, I see your point. I'm sure your Head of House will deal with this after you're Sorted."

Oh, wonderful. Brilliant start, Harry.

The prefect slid away and the other boy stepped inside. "Are you really Harry Potter?" He asked, squinting at his forehead like he was trying to see his scar past Harry's fringe. "You don't look much like him."

Harry scowled at that. "I don't look like... myself?"

"Well, yeah--no," the boy waved the comment away then straightened, "anyway, I'm Ron."

Straight to first name basis, Harry noted. Not a traditionalist, then.

Beside Harry, Malfoy sneered. "Oh, of course," he said. "Red hair, freckles and absolutely no class. Must be a Weasley. Which one are you, again? Eleventh or twelfth?"

Ron glowered. "Better than being a Death Eater."

A tense silence fell over the compartment as Draco's cheeks pinked and his spine straightened. But the boy didn't utter a word, just scowled at Ron like he was thinking of cursing him.

Ron turned to Harry. "Come on, Harry. You don't want to hang out with his sort."

Harry frowned. "What's that supposed to mean?"

Ron blinked. "You know," he lowered his voice like he was whispering a secret. "Dark Wizards. Slytherins. That sort. His dad was arrested, you know. Only got off by lying that he was bewitched. Malfoy's only hanging out with you for who you are."

"As opposed to you?" Harry asked.

Ron flushed red, blinking. "That--I'm not--"

"You're not?" Harry folded his arms. "You didn't scour the train looking for the Boy-Who-Lived?"

"So did he!" Ron yelled, pointing at a very smug Malfoy. "I saw him checking the carriages same as everyone!"

"And he doesn't get a say in who I'm friends with either," Harry said, unfolding his arms. "I don't judge people based on their family."

"Look," Ron lowered his voice and tried to breathe, "you're new to this stuff, so you don't get it. The Malfoy's are Dark Wizards, like You-Know-Who and his followers. His family fought ours in the war. They did all kinds of nasty stuff, killed people. He only wants to be friends with you because there's this stupid rumor that you're the next You-Know-Who in the making."

"Then he'll be disappointed," Harry said. "In the mean-time, I repeat: 'I don't judge people based on their family'. Even if his family did that, I'm still not gonna judge him based on their actions. We're eleven. I seriously doubt he's learned how to cast a Killing Curse yet."

Malfoy almost seemed offended by the suggestion he wasn't a cut-throat killer from the crib. But got over it quick enough to send another victorious smirk Ron's way.

"You heard him," Malfoy said. "Run along, Weasley."

The boy reddened with rage, folding his arms. "I'm not going anywhere, Malfoy," he snarled. "Not with you around."

Harry felt a roll of exhaustion. He closed his eyes and occluded. Feeling a relief as the clarity swept through his mind.

He really didn't want to hang around this Dumbledore minion, but if the Headmaster was determined to make him befriend the 'right people', it might be better to let him think Harry was. Otherwise the interfering old coot would just try something else.

'Keep them ignorant.' Harry remembered.

An idea crept into his mind.

Harry chewed his lip and looked at Malfoy, twisting his body slightly so Ron couldn't see.

The blonde boy met his eye, frowning inquisitively.

Harry gave the boy a significant look, hoping to magic that the boy was as natural a Slytherin as he claimed. "I'll see you later, Malfoy." The boy looked offended at first, then quizzical, the cogs whirring. "Thanks for all your help."

Harry raised his brows pleadingly.

Slowly, recognition flooded the boy's face, then relief, before he packed it all away under a veneer of arrogance.

"You heard him, Malfoy," Ron snickered behind them. "Run along."

"Whatever, Potter," he lifted his nose. "When you wish to converse with a more civilized sort, find me."

The boy shoved Ron as he swept from the compartment. Ron grinned and plonked himself on the seat opposite Harry's. "What a knob head, huh?"

"I thought he seemed nice," Harry said, then instantly regretted it when the redhead launched into a rant.

#

Severus felt a little smug as the stairs ascended to the Headmaster's Office.

He straightened and hid his vengeful glee beneath his mental barriers, manufacturing a characteristic scowl before he swept into the room.

Madness greeted him within.

Minerva yelled in a high-pitched screech. Two Aurors barked in turn. Pomona paced the room, vibrating with panic and dismay and Hagrid bawled miserably in the corner.

Head Auror Rufus Scrimgeour snarled from the other side of Albus's desk, hand slamming as he spoke.

"You should have given the boy an escort!" He growled. "Or at least sent a competent employee to explain all this!"

"Hagrid is--"

"An imbecile who left the child to travel home alone!" The Head Auror barked, fist slamming over and over into the wood as he spoke.

"I told you, Albus!" Minerva cried. "I asked you to send me to speak to the boy! You assured me that it would be handled!"

"I was certain it had been. I spoke to the Weasley's to keep an eye out--"

"You what!" Scrimgeour cried. "You spoke to someone else but failed to contact him! You imbecilic--"

The Floo flared into life and out stepped a furious Kingsley Shacklebot, eyes lit with rage.

Scrimgeour turned and straightened. "Report!"

"The Dursley's did not drop the boy at the station," Kinglsey said, voice laced with a fierce calm. "The boy left their home at quarter to nine, to take a Muggle bus to Woking station," he glared at Albus, "alone."

Minerva gasped and Hagrid wailed louder, blowing his nose into a giant handkerchief.

The Headmaster's face fell with genuine worry. Regret and panic flaring there as he realized the depths to which he'd risked the boy's life.

The room silenced with a desolate air. Nightmarish scenarios flaring in their eyes. Of the boy kidnapped by Death Eaters. Killed or tortured. Or stabbed and mugged in an alley and left for dead.

It was absolutely perfect. Severus shivered with satisfaction at the sight. He almost wished the boy did this deliberately, to exact revenge on the Headmaster for his halfwitted meddling.

Only when the misery and dread had reached its absolute peak and the adults in the room looked suitably mutinous, only then did Severus deign to intervene.

"Albus," Severus began, "if I may have a word."

"Severus," Albus muttered into his hands, "I'm busy right now."

"I had gathered," Severus said, gazing toward Kingsley Shacklebot in particular, who looked as if he were considering whether he could get away with a Crucio in front of this may witnesses. Minerva, at least, seemed as if she'd let it slide. "I received a report from a Malfoy House Elf two minutes ago. Harry Potter, and I quote," Severus cleared his throat, "'is alive and well, on the Hogwarts Express, and cowering from his fan-club in a desperate attempt to avoid being mobbed.'"

The rest of the room looked only mildly comforted by the news. Albus Dumbledore looked a little as if he'd prefer that Harry was genuinely missing.

"A Malfoy House Elf?" Minerva said, grimacing as if saying the name left an awful taste in her mouth.

"Yes," Severus said. "Though I'm more of the mind that the Boy-Who-Lived dreamt this up as another desperate plea for attention, The young Mr Malfoy seems to believe otherwise," Severus sneered, rolling his eyes.

Scrimgeour twisted toward Albus and glared once more. "I will require you to confirm it once he makes it to the castle. I trust that you can manage that much, at least."

Albus swallowed and nodded miserably. "Apologies, Rufus. I will--"

"It's Auror Scrimgeour, Professor," the man sneered, "and from now on you will send the boy's Head of House to collect him from his home and escort him directly to the platform. He's a target for Dark Wizards and you, of all people, should know better than to play games with the boy's life."

"I will make sure of it," Minerva said, stepping forward to shake hands with the Head Auror. "Thank you very much for your swift work on this, Auror Scrimgeour. I will escort the students from the platform myself and inform you immediately when I find him."

"Thank you, Deputy Headmistress," Scrimgeour shook her hand. "I'm glad there is at least one competent person in charge of this school."

The four Auror's swept away quickly, with Kingsley shooting one last mutinous glare Dumbledore's way before he entered the Floo.

There was a silence while Hagrid sniffed and Pomona tried to settle her breathing.

Albus swallowed. "I had--"

"Not one word, Albus," Minerva growled, finger lifted toward the old man's face, "not one. You should be ashamed of yourself. The boy is relying on us, on you, to safeguard him into adulthood. I can tell when you're plotting your games, Albus and this stinks of one."

The Headmaster looked as if he were thinking of speaking, but evidently thought better of it. Minerva swirled around to face the Potions Master.

"Severus, I am going to need time to clean this all up. I've already received a whole barrel's worth of letters from nosy reporters and parents. The last thing we need is for this to make tomorrow's front page. Could I leave you in charge of the Sorting?"

"Of course," Severus said. "Leave it to me."

"Thank you," she said with a short breath, then turned. "Follow me, I'll fetch you the list."

#

"Here, can you help me eat these Chocolate Frogs?" Harry said, passing one to Ron. "I'm trying to collect the cards but I'm stuffed to the brim."

The boy lit up eagerly, staring down at the offering like it was the most delicious thing he'd ever seen. "You sure?"

"O'course," Harry said, taking his seat. "Help yourself. I got a little excited when I spotted the trolley-witch come by."

Ron grinned and ripped open the packaging, tearing the head off the frog with wild abandon. "Honeedukesh rr th' besht."

"Honeydukes?" Harry asked, feigning ignorance. "Is that like Cadbury's?"

As predicted, Ron burst into a gleeful explanation of Honeydukes treats, seeming to have memorized every sweet in the entire shop. Harry couldn't for the life of him figure out why anyone would want to eat, let alone invent 'cockroach clusters' but acted suitably impressed.

"I don't get much chance to eat 'em though," Ron admitted with a miserable frown. "I've got five brothers and one sister, so everything gets split seven ways. My brother Bill used to bring home Honeydukes for me when he was at Hogwarts, but he graduated years ago."

"That sounds nice, though, having lots of family," Harry  said. "I'd love to have brothers to hang out with."

Ron shrugged, chewing on the frogs leg. "You never get anything new, though, with five brothers. I've got Bill's old robes, Charlie's old wand and Percy's old rat."

Then Ron reached into his jacket and revealed a slumbering grey rat, who was a little tubby and balding in various spots. "His name's Scabbers and he's useless, he hardly ever wakes up. Percy got an owl from my dad for being a Prefect, but they couldn't aff--I mean, I got Scabbers instead."

The boy pinked, apparently humiliated at the thought of being part of a family of limited means.

"There's no shame in that," Harry said. "It's just stuff. I'd trade fancy new stuff for a family who loved me, any day of the week."

Ron blinked at that, a little astonished. Then winced a little and reddened. "Oh, yeah. I suppose so..."

The boy still didn't sound very convinced. Harry decided it was time to change the subject. "Why were you looking for me, by the way?"

"Oh, that?" Ron asked, a little nervous. "Well, er, I was just worried you'd not got on the train."

"Why?" Harry asked. "Why wouldn't I have?"

"Well, um, you're Muggle-raised, so we worried you might not know about the barrier."

"Who worried?"

"Mum," Ron said, reddening, then seemed to swiftly change the subject by picking up the Chocolate Frog card. "Oh, hey, look, you got Dumbledore."

The boy shoved the card at Harry and stared down at the picture. He'd seen pictures of the man before, in the Prophet, but this was in color. The man twirled in brightly colored robes, blue eyes twinkling and stroking his long white beard.

He's really going for the 'Modern Merlin' look, isn't he?

He turned the card and read the inscription.

Albus Dumbledore, currently Headmaster of Hogwarts. Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Professor Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.

Harry noted with interest how they'd specifically chosen to call Grindelwald a 'dark wizard' instead of a 'Dark Lord', and how the Headmaster had chosen to specify a Muggle hobby, as if to scream to the world: "I love Muggles!"

Nicholas Flamel, Harry noted. Doesn't ring a bell.

The door suddenly swept open and there stood the bossy girl with bushy hair, standing ahead of a blonde-haired boy he'd seen on the platform.

The girl scowled at Harry as if she was offended by his presence, then lifted up her nose. "Have you seen a toad? Neville's lost one."

Ron shook his head.

Just as the girl turned to leave, Harry spoke up. "Try a Monstro charm," he suggested. "It'll only work on small, close-by objects, but it's something. I haven't got the hang of the Accio charm yet. Only seems to work properly half the time."

The girl turned and frowned. "I have it handled, thank you."

"It's gotta be easier than checking all the compartments one at a time," Harry frowned, then pulled out his wand and set it on his hand. "Monstro, Neville's Toad!"

Harry's wand twitched toward the door.

"Wicked!" Ron whispered. "When'd you learn that, mate?"

"It's not that impressive," the girl said, her face glowing red, "I'd have thought of it too but it isn't in The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 1 or Grade 2, so it's a waste of time learning it, really, since it's obviously not on the curriculum. I had better things to spend my time on, you know, than--"

She continued to prattle on about how she'd read all her textbooks and memorized the entirety of A Beginners Transfiguration, One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi, and Magical Drafts and Potions. Which was apparently a "much more useful application of your time".

Harry stood up and followed the point of the wand to where Neville was standing. When the nervous boy stepped out of the way, the wand followed him to where he stepped.

"I have it handled!" The girl said.

Harry gripped the wand and waved it in the correct pattern. "Accio Neville's Toad!"

An astonished toad came whizzing out of Neville's pocket and into Harry'd outstretched hand.

"Trevor!" Neville cried, grabbing for him and clutching him tight in an effort to keep the toad from fleeing.

The girl turned a very funny shade of red, which quickly spread into purple. She looked at Harry like he was the most awful person on the face of the planet.

Neville, however, looked awed. "Thank you! Thank you so much, uh--"

"Harry."

Neville's eyes bulged and his cheeks pinked. "Uh, uh, um, th-thanks, Harry."

"No problem."

Neville then recovered enough to turn to the girl and add a: "Thanks for all your help too, Hermione."

The girl straightened and muttered a "you're welcome," before she dashed away, pointedly not looking at Harry at all.

"That was wicked, mate!" Ron beamed as Neville waved and scuttled away. "Where'd you learn that?"

Harry hesitated.

Oh, crap.

He wasn't supposed to own The Wizarding World: A Muggle-born Guide, since Dumbledore had made extra certain that he didn't get anything other than the required reading. And Hermione seemed convinced it wasn't in their textbooks.

Harry licked his lips. "Oh, well, when I found out that my mum was a Witch, I went through the attic looking for stuff of hers. I found this old book stuffed at the bottom of a box. Think my aunt must have missed it, otherwise she would have definitely burned it. It had a bunch of common household spells, so I just practiced a few."

Ron seemed to buy this excuse without question. The book was very old, second hand, and there were no identifying marks on it to suggest it had belonged to anyone other than Lily Potter. If anyone asked to see it, Harry reckoned that he could easily convince them it was hers.

That could work. In fact, it solved a few problems.

"That's how I knew how to get through the barrier," Harry said, sitting back down in his seat. "It's this guide for Muggle-borns, so they explained how to get to Platform nine and three-quarters."

"Oh!" Ron said. "So that's how you got through. Well, that explains it."

Harry licked his lips and frowned curiously. "I was a little confused why nobody told me, though. Maybe Dumbledore thought Hagrid told me, or something. You'd think they'd send a letter or something to Muggle-raised kids, explaining all this stuff."

Ron straightened at that, a realization finally hitting. He frowned as a uncertainty flickered in his eyes. "You're... right. He could have just sent you a letter," Ron murmured, staring out the window. "That would've made more sense."

"Exactly," Harry sighed. "Well, he must have just thought Hagrid told me. At least it all worked out okay."

Ron sank a little at that, guilt-ridden. "Right... yeah. Of course."

A disembodied voice interrupted their musing to tell them the train would arrived at Hogwarts in five minutes.

Harry quickly grabbed his suitcase and drew on his robes and his hat, while Ron turned very pale and dashed through the corridor to find his own bag in a hurry.

The platform was dark by the time they arrived and somewhere at the end he heard a woman with a Scottish brogue calling out: "First years here, please! Line up, quietly, no pushing! First years, here please!"

Harry stepped over while Ron rushed over to follow him, puffing and huffing with his hat crooked and his nose still smudged with dirt.

"Line up, line up," the woman announced, sounding very stern and tired, as if she had much better things to do. "Very good." Her eyes roamed over the student's faces. "My name is Professor McGonagall and I will be escorting you to Hogwarts. But, first, Mr Harry Potter, please step forward."

There was a murmuring of excitement through the students as they searched around.

Harry winced and stepped forward, hand lifted. "Here, Professor."

The woman turned to him and froze, eyes widening with shock and... something else entirely.

#

When Minerva stepped through the back door to the Great Hall, she looked oddly pale. She scurried quickly over to Severus, as he stood beside the Sorting Hat, with a sort of wide-eyed astonishment in her eyes.

"What's wrong?" The Potions Master asked, frowning. "Was Potter there?"

"Ah, yes," she swallowed, her eyelashes fluttering as she breathed through some kind of panic, "he's... fine." She sucked in a breath. "I think maybe I should do the Sorting after all."

Severus frowned. "Don't be absurd. You haven't the time. I said I'd do it and I will. Wrangling the press is a more pressing matter."

The woman's eyes glinted as she stared at him. "I... if you're sure. I just..." she glanced over to the table, where Albus was watching them curiously. "If you ever need to talk, Severus, about anything at all, you know I'll listen. Don't you? I don't judge. Just--"

"Minerva, you're pledge of undying friendship has been noted. Now, let's please just get this torturous event over with."

She pursed her lips and froze, unsettled and hesitant. "Very well, Severus, just," she bit her lip, "steel yourself."

The woman swept away before Severus had a chance to ask her what in Merlin's name she was talking about.

Then she walked the line of first year students through the door and into a row.

Severus could hear some irritating know-it-all quoting Hogwarts: A History like an unpaid tour guide and a another whispering something about wrestling a troll.

Severus walked forward, set down the stool and the hat and stepped back while it sang that tiresome song, while Severus entertained the thought of setting the infuriating relic alight.

He occluded to restrain himself, then waited with increasingly frayed patience for the thing to cease its barbaric attempts at poetry.

"You're in safe hands (though I have none), for I'm a thinking cap!" Came the last line and the hall burst into applause.

Imbeciles, Severus rolled his eyes, noting with pride that the Slytherin table's applause was rather more subdued.

Severus stepped forward and met the eye of a few students in the line that snickered and jostled. They quickly ceased when they spotted Severus's glare.

"When I call your name," he said with a soft tone that carried well in the utter silence of the hall, "you will step forth, place the Sorting Hat on your head and sit down on the stool, while you wait for it to make its decision." He let the silence linger for a moment, then unfurled the parchment. "Abbott, Hannah."

"HUFFLEPUFF!"

"Bones, Susan."

"HUFFLEPUFF!"

"Boot, Terry."

"RAVENCLAW!"

Severus continued through the list, giving those who joined his snakes a small nod of approval before they left and pointedly ignoring the rest of them.

Neville Longbottom looked terrified of the hat and Severus both, practically shivering as he stumbled over himself to the stool. It took quite a while for the Hat to decide and Severus was more than a little astonished to hear it cry out: "GRYFFINDOR!"

"Malfoy, Draco."

His godson paraded forward as if the whole world was his stage. He sent a small smirk Severus's way, but Severus could see the glimmer of fear laying underneath it. The hat had barely even touched his head before it was yelling: "SLYTHERIN!"

Draco was ecstatic, his grin bright enough to light the room. He glanced at Severus and the Potions Master granted him a small nod of approval. Then, the boy strode to his seat with his head held high.

He continued through the names, one at a time. Greeting two more snakes into his house, who both nodded their head to him in respect while they passed.

Until, finally: "Potter, Harry."

Whispers broke out across the hall, hushed and reverent.

"Potter, did he say?"

"The Harry Potter?"

He saw a figure step from the line, head bowed. His black hair was neater than Severus remembered of James Potter. He could see that the boy no longer needed his glasses.

The whispers grew more furious as he passed.

"That's Harry Potter?"

"He doesn't look like--"

"Are you sure? Do you see a scar?"

Severus frowned, scowling across the hall to silence the infuriating gossipers, but then the boy looked up.

Severus froze. All his masks falling and shock slipping in its place before he could think to drag it back.

The boy halted.

Blinking up at Severus as if he were trying to recognize him.

Dear Merlin, he looked...

Harry had his mother's green eyes, lips and nose. But where Severus had expected to see James Potter, he found none.

Sharp cheekbones. That sleek, wispy hair and even the way he walked.

The realization hit him like a Killing Curse.

It was impossible. Absolutely absurd. Inconceivable. And yet...

Severus knew. In a moment, peering at the boy's face.

This was not James Potter's child.

He's mine.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello all!

    Thank you so much for all the lovely comments and kudos. It's been really amazing. Hope you enjoy this chapter, too. More is on the way!

Chapter 9
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Harry felt sick.

As if someone had punched him in the stomach, hard enough to make him retch. Time froze and as he stared.

It wasn't like looking in a mirror. It was more as if... he were staring at some missing piece. To a section of a puzzle that hadn't made sense, until it was staring him in the face.

All year, he'd been watching his face shift. His visage change, further and further away from the man he'd seen in the photo. Further away from the man who died to save his life.

And now, staring at this stranger's same hair, same cheekbones, same jaw and same chin...

The whispering in the room grew more furious and wondering and Harry felt a shiver run down his spine.

He swallowed down his fear and stepped forward, keeping his eyes low to keep from looking into this man's astonished face.

He picked up the hat and placed it on his head, taking his seat while his mind whirred.

"Well now," came the voice of the Sorting Hat, clearly in his mind. "All in a tizzy, aren't we? What could be so... oh, well, that is a shock. Didn't think he had it in him. Good for him."

Who? Harry thought, about to open his mouth and ask when the Hat replied.

"Well, Severus, of course," the Hat murmured, "always held a candle for that Lily. Anyway, on to the matter of your Sorting."

No, wait, what about--

"Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. But your mind, now that's sharp as a blade isn't it?"

Go back, go back, what about my mother?

"Oh yes, she nearly made it to Ravenclaw too, you know? And you've got a mind as sharp as hers, as sharp as your father's too. Talented, hard-working, but this thirst to prove yourself, now that's interesting. More like your father in that regard--"

My father? Do you mean James Potter or--

"Oh yes, here it is. Just like Lily, untapped potential. Oceans of it. You could be great, you know? It's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on your way to greatness, no doubt about that. Yes, yes, I see it now. Better be SLYTHERIN!"

Silence fell over the whispering hall. Painful and uneasy. Harry slowly lifted the hat from his head and set it on the chair, while the hall watched, speechless.

Harry didn't look up as he fled toward the Slytherin table. He sat down beside Draco Malfoy, who was staring back and forth between the Professor and Harry, much like the rest of Slytherin were.

At the front, the Professor continued on reading the student names as if nothing were awry.

"So, uh, Potter," Malfoy cleared his throat, "well done on making it to the ranks of the elite."

Harry turned and smiled awkwardly at the boy. "Elite, huh?"

'Parkinson, Pansy' straightened and lifted her nose. "Of course," she added, flicking her hair. "Slytherin is the house of the cunning, resourceful and ambitious. Mark my words, most of us will be running the country in a few years. And, most importantly," she paused and gave him a significant look, "Slytherins look out for their own."

Harry watched as the rest of the first years evaluated him. There was a boy, 'Nott, Theodore', beside Malfoy who looked up briefly from his book to nod once in agreement with Parkinson. 'Greengrass, Daphne' and 'Bullstrode, Millicent' were watching him with a half-bored, half-intrigued looks of people who believed themselves above petty gossip. Two remaining Slytherin's, 'Crabbe, Vincent' and 'Goyle, Gregory' sat further down, throwing chocolate wrappers at each other.

He could see a few of the upper year Slytherin's listening in, watching him out of the corner of their eye.

Harry swallowed, then nodded. "Good to know."

"Turpin, Lisa," was called and Harry looked up briefly to see if the Professor was looking his way. He wasn't, but everyone else had their eyes firmly on Harry.

Including Albus Dumbledore.

The Headmaster was very pointedly keeping his face straight, but something lingered in his eyes. As if all his plans had been upended and tectonic plates were shifting beneath his feet.

"Weasley, Ronald."

Ron was very pale. His eyes kept shooting toward Harry, as if he were trying to process too many things at once. The Hat fell on his head and a second later: "GRYFFINDOR!"

"What a surprise," Greengrass drawled.

Harry ignored them and clapped for the boy. He felt a bit stupid when he got funny looks from the other Slytherin's but deciding it was worth it when Albus Dumbledore sank a little with relief.

Lastly came, 'Zabini, Blaise', who sauntered to the Slytherin table, relishing his due applause with a smirk on his face.

He sat opposite Harry and lifted a brow. "Well, you're going to be in tomorrow's Daily Prophet for sure."

Harry winced and Parkinson elbowed Zabini with a frown. "Have some class."

"Says the Lady who just elbowed me," the boy scoffed and rubbed his side. "What's the point in hiding it? Even if it isn't true, which, come on, what are the chances, the whole of Hogwarts will be terrified to so much as look at you wrong from here on out," he said. "I'd make the most of it, if I were you."

"Terrified?" Harry asked. "Why would they be terrified?"

"Because, Professor Severus Snape," Zabini pointed in the direction of the Professor, who was rolling up the scroll and packing away the Hat and stool, "is renowned and feared throughout Hogwarts, nay, Britain, as a fearsome and ferocious bastard not to be trifled with."

Harry hesitated. "Professor Severus Snape?" Harry repeated aloud.

Zabini nodded.

Severus Snape. SS.

Hope sprung in Harry's chest. He gazed over to where Snape was finally taking his seat at the table, beside the quivering Professor Quirrell.

Harry reached for the lily bracelet around his wrist.

SS had always been cautious not to reveal too many details but he'd left a lot of old textbooks in the flat. It would make sense for him to be a professor.

Albus Dumbledore stood and lifted his arms wide in a dramatic sweeping gesture, with a false smile. "Welcome!" He said. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Thank you!"

Harry stared, resisting the urge to scowl.

It was a transparent effort to cast himself as a harmless old man, but it worked. The rest of the tables cheered and laughed, clapped happily, while the Slytherin's rolled their eyes and sneered.

"Mad," Malfoy said, shaking his head. "Utterly loopy. No wonder this place is going to pot."

Harry bit his lip and turned to see the table filled with dishes. Beef, chicken, pork and lamb. Every type of cooked potato, from roasted, to mashed and boiled.

There were a notable lack of vegetables.

Harry managed to spoon some peas and carrots onto his plate before he grabbed a lamb chop.

He missed Jiffy already.

"So," Malfoy leaned toward him with his voice low, "may I ask what that was earlier with Weasley?"

Harry didn't look up. "Best not to," he said. "Long story."

Malfoy hummed, then moved on to the subject of Quidditch and how awful it was that he wasn't allowed to bring a broom to school.

"And father didn't buy me the new Nimbus 2000," Malfoy whined, sounding so alarmingly like Dudley that Harry worried he was going to break Harry's nose or pile his plate high with meat. "He said there was 'no point', because I was going to be at school!"

"Well, he is right," Harry said. "The Nimbus 2001 is going to be out in summer. It makes more sense to wait until your next year, that way you get the best broom you can for the Quidditch tryouts."

Malfoy straightened at that, eyes alight. "Oh, of course! I should have thought--so that's why." He seemed to sink with relief. "He must be planning it as a surprise."

Harry shrugged. "Maybe," he said, hoping he hadn't just set the boy up for disappointment. "Anyway, I'm just excited to start classes. Especially Potions. That sounds fascinating."

Suddenly, half the table spluttered and coughed with shock and laughter.

Zabini was howling. Clutching his side as if he would burst.

"What?" Harry frowned. "What is it?"

Harry slowly reddened as Malfoy quietly explained that Potions was Snape's subject, then he decided to quietly eat his dinner for a little while.

After dessert arrived and Harry spooned some rice pudding and strawberries into his bowl, he risked a glance up at the High Table, where his eyes met Professor Snape's.

Harry hesitated. Swallowing hard as the man stared back at him. His gaze was... muted. Not hard or unfeeling, just... quiet. As if he were trying very hard to keep his emotions at bay.

Then, Professor Quirrell turned his head, looking away from Harry and a pain shot suddenly through Harry's scar.

He closed his eyes and hissed, clutching at his forehead.

"What is it?" Malfoy asked, leaning forward.

"N-nothing," Harry winced.

Malfoy looked unconvinced, but didn't say anything.

Dumbledore stood as the plates emptied and cleared his throat. "Just a few more words now we are all fed and watered. I have a few start-of-term notices to give you.

"First-years should note that the forest in the grounds is forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well," he shot a look at the Gryffindor table at that seemed more encouraging than reproachful. "I have also been asked by Mr Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.

"Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of term. Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.

"And, finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death."

Harry felt an itch sizzle through his spine.

This all felt a little too much like someone goading a bunch of students into solving a mystery.

It reminded him of SS's letter about the old man's manipulative tendencies. 'The Headmaster intends, it would seem, to move you about like a pawn, set you on a path of his choosing, whatever that may be.'

This stank of a trap. Of one of the old man's games.

Harry clenched his teeth and tried to occlude.

#

Severus just barely managed to keep his mind occluded. To stop his mind whirring in an interminable loop.

He watched, not thinking, not theorizing, not trying to work out the how and the when and the why.

Severus just watched while Pott... while Harry sat with his snakes, smirking the way his own lips did, his eyebrow lifting the Severus's always had. When their eyes met across the Hall again, an ache hollowed out Severus's chest.

This was what a child with Lily would have looked like. Whether it was true now or not.

This... Harry... was what Severus had once dreamed he would have with Lily. A son with her eyes and her kindness, that he called his own.

He just barely snapped out of his daydreams when the boy seemed to collapse with pain, his hand reaching for his scar, just as Quirrell turned to speak.

It took all Severus's control not to dash across the Hall and check on the boy.

"S-s-such a unu-u-usual likeness, i-i-isn't it?" The Professor asked, eyes glimmering with some kind of swallowed emotion. Something harder and sharper than mere curiosity.

Severus did not dare meet the man's eye like this. Not when his occlumency shields were ready to topple like dominos.

"Most British Wizards are all related one way or another. I'm sure it's just an unfortunate coincidence," Severus said, turning away and spotting Dumbledore's cautious glance.

Severus felt the prickle of Legimency and looked away.

Occlude, for Merlin's sake, he chastised himself, you've done better than this under torture.

The rest of the night felt unbearable. Eyes watching him. Watching Harry. Calculating and wondering. Speculating.

He'd not planned for this. How could he have? Severus had expected for he and Harry to appear utterly separate. For the boy to live his life in Gryffindor, sending him notes and appearing to live up to Albus's expectations as the Chosen One, while the two of them plotted in secret to overrule the old man's schemes.

This destroyed that plan.

There was no way that he could pretend to loathe the boy when one look at Harry utterly decimated him, bulldozed his Occlumency barriers and his carefully constructed masks. When all the world could tell from a single glance that they were somehow connected.

Whether it be by blood, or something else.

It wouldn't take much for students to work out that he and Lily were in the same year. Slightly longer to seek out gossip from their parents and work out that Severus had been friends with her in his younger years.

How long before the papers got wind of it, he wondered. How long before there were headlines tarnishing Lily's virtue. Dragging her name through the mud.

How was this even possible?

His mind kept returning to that thought, over and over, reeling with it. How is this possible?

Severus listened only enough to the Headmaster's announcements to realize how blatantly the man had laid out a trail of breadcrumbs to the Philosopher's Stone. Fresh fury rose suddenly before it was painstakingly quashed.

He spotted Gemma Farley walk over to the first year's, welcoming them to their ranks and escorting them from the Hall to the Dungeons.

"Severus," Albus's voice was low as he passed, "a moment in my office."

Severus nodded once.

They were silent the entire walk. With nothing but the echoes of their footsteps and watchful eyes of the gargoyle.

Severus used the time to clear his mind. To renew his Occlumency barriers and sweep away everything he needed to be hidden.

The staircase lifted them to the Headmaster's office and the old man said nothing as he stepped into the center of the room. He waved his wand and the door slammed shut with a force that echoed through the chamber.

The silence felt deadly, a toxin seeping into the air.

"Tell me you haven't been lying to me all this time," the man said. Breath and whispers, like the eye of a storm. "TELL ME!"

Severus swallowed and exhaled.

"I never--" he paused, his voice choked on the words. "I have no memory of how this could..." He closed his eyes. "It's impossible. When Harry was conceived, I was still loyal to the Dark Lord. I hadn't so much as spoken to Lily for at least a year. I don't know how it could possibly..."

He let the silence linger. Waited.

"Leave," the Headmaster said.

Severus turned and swept away. Fled. Breath burning in his lungs. Running. He walked without thinking about where he was going. Without questioning the wisdom of it.

He stopped outside the door and knocked twice.

Minerva said nothing when she saw him there, her eyes glittered with pity.

"I would like to cash in that pledge of undying friendship, if you don't mind," he croaked. "And severely deplete your liquor reserves."

Minerva nodded. "I'll fetch the Scotch."

Severus closed the door slowly behind him, tottering uneasily toward the chair.

He heard her pour two glasses as he stared out the window to the dark grounds beyond. The utter miserable black of the Forbidden Forest.

Minerva held out the glass and he grasped it tight. Then he downed the liquid and held it up for another.

She handed him the bottle.

"'Steel yourself'," he sighed, then lifted a brow at the woman. "Really, Minerva? A little more forewarning would have been appreciated."

Her lips twitched as she settled into her seat. "What would you have me say?" She asked. "'By the way, you're a father'. Or perhaps, 'Congratulations, it’s a boy'."

Severus couldn't be bothered to glare at her. He'd drained another glass before she dared speak again.

"Is he yours?"

Severus barked a laugh. "Salazar, I haven't a clue." He shut his eyes and breathed. "If I'd never laid eyes on the boy I'd laugh at the mere suggestion. But seeing him for myself..."

He swallowed a bitter taste and poured another.

Perhaps this was the spell that had worn off a year ago.

The Blood Magic that had been cast at his birth... to change Harry's visage, perhaps. To cover up Harry's likeness to him. Merlin only knew why it had happened like this. Severus was no expert in the matter of Blood Magic. It was an imprecise and dangerous Magical Art for even the master practitioner.

"You and Lily..."

"Never," he said, whispering it and shutting his eyes. "I was not in a frame of mind to--" he felt sick at the thought. "She'd have never spoken to me at the time. I was so warped by the desperation to please the Dark Lord, I don't know what I would have done if I'd seen her."

"I do," Minerva whispered, sitting back, "you'd never have harmed a hair on Lily's head. We both know that."

Severus shuddered an exhale, trying and almost failing to shove down the urge to cry. He close his eyes and occluded.

"Merlin, this--" he hissed, "if it's true, my cover is blown. I can never go back. All those years of Albus plotting, for nothing. If the Dark Lord ever so much as suspected I'd--" Severus grit his teeth.

Minerva was silent for a moment, then leaned forward. "Maybe it's for the best. I know how... wrapped up in his schemes Albus can get. Today, when I thought of how it could have lost us Harry..." She chewed her lip, then lifted her own glass and swallowed a mouthful. "After James and Lily died, Albus insisted on sending Harry to his Muggle relatives. The Dursleys," she shuddered. "They're awful people, Severus. The worst. I spoke to Hagrid today. They lied to the boy, told him his parents were drunks who died in a car accident. They tried to 'stamp' the magic out of him. I've brought my fears to Albus before. He refuses to listen. But, if you're really..." She looked up at him. "You'd have a right to raise him. Whatever Albus said on the subject."

What she was saying was... defiance. Pure disobedience. They both knew that. And yet she still said it. Still sat there suggesting he overrule Albus, destroy the old man's carefully laid plots and protect the boy himself.

It was times like this he couldn't help but respect the woman. She had her faults but, when she decided what was right, she followed that through to the end.

"He'd just find another way," Severus said. "And I daren't risk incurring his wrath, especially if I have become... dispensable. But, I will see what is possible."

Minerva's lips twitched. "Ever the Slytherin."

Severus smirked. "Always."

#

Harry wrote to him that night, when the rest of the Slytherin's had gone to bed and he could hear the soft sound of their breaths. Harry waited until it was quiet, then slipped off to the bathroom, checking every stall for students.

He set down his note on the floor. One line. Just a question. 'SS, is it you?'

He hoped that would be explanation enough.

If SS really was Snape, it would be.

"Jiffy?" Harry whispered. There was a pause, then a soft pop as the letter disappeared. Harry smiled. "Thank you," he whispered, then went back to bed.

He didn't sleep well that night, if he slept at all, and the next day he felt the strain of it. They had History of Magic, which he'd been looking forward to, but quickly discovered was going to be useless. For one thing, he'd already memorized the first year curriculum. For another... he fell asleep after five minutes.

Malfoy elbowed him awake at the end of lesson while Zabini snickered.

"What, what? What happened?" Harry murmured, bolting upright.

"Class ended," Malfoy drawled, rolling his eyes.

"It's eerie seeing you sleep, you know," Zabini added, smirking. "So angelic, but with Snape's face. I don't think that man's let his guard down in over twenty years."

"I'm not Snape," Harry murmured.

Zabini lifted a brow, but said nothing.

The students were cautious around him all day. The other houses watched him, staring openly, either whispering about the 'Boy-Who-Lived' or about the new rumors about him and Snape.

The Slytherins were quiet and respectful, and the upper years treated him with extra care and attention. One Prefect spotted him being trailed by Hufflepuffs and deducted points from them, threatening to tell Professor Snape and then, once they'd fled, coming up to Harry and telling him: "Let me know if anyone gives you grief, I'll take care of it."

Harry didn't know what to make of it. He didn't get the impression that the Slytherin's were scared of Snape. At least, not the same way that the other Houses were.

When he sat down to lunch that afternoon and a fourth year asked him about his classes, then offered to tutor him in Transfiguration, Harry nervously drew Malfoy and Zabini aside.

"Why do the Slytherin's keep talking to me like I'm..." Harry hesitated. "They keep offering... favors."

"Well of course they are," Zabini scoffed. "What else did you think was going to happen? They already knew you were a powerful wizard, obviously, but now there's rumors flying about that you're the possible son of their Head of House."

Harry winced. "So it's because they think I'm going to tell on them?"

Malfoy rolled his eyes. "Well, maybe a little but it's not just that. Snape, well, he's respected. Not just as a Master Potioneer or the best Slytherin Head of House since Salazar roamed these halls. He also, well..." Malfoy winced, then licked his lips, "he has certain talents that made him renowned during the last war."

"Talents?" Harry repeated, frowning. "What talents?"

Zabini and Malfoy exchanged a 'Look' and Harry got a bad feeling.

He sucked in a breath.

"You mean... Dark Arts, don't you?"

Malfoy pursed his lips, then nodded. "He... invented a lot of spells that wound up being used by... you know," the boy chewed his lip, "look, you should really be talking to him about this."

"I've never even spoken to the man," Harry said, which was true, even if he was SS. "Was he..." Harry choked, a dread curling around his spine, "did he join Him?"

Malfoy's expression dipped. His eyes soft with regret. "Yes, but--"

Harry felt like he'd been punched in the gut, he whirled away, storming down the hall.

"Harry!"

He didn't listen. Didn't stop.

His eyes burned and his lip trembled.

He felt sick. Bursting with a horrible whirl of a thousand emotions all at once.

He wanted to run. To flee as far as he could and hide from all this. From the looks and the whispers and...

Harry turned a corner and slammed into someone. Nearly knocking himself to the ground. He gripped his head and looked up.

Black, obsidian eyes. And a pale, familiar face.

* * *
Notes:

    Thank you so much for all the wonderful messages! It's been so great to hear people's thoughts and to see how many people are enjoying this fic. It's my first time posting my work online and I'm so glad that I decided to!

    Don't worry, the next chapter will be up this week. It's going to be a big one :)

Chapter 10
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Severus had vowed to himself to steer clear of the boy, until Albus had decided upon how to proceed. Until he knew where the Headmaster's plotting would take him.

It was useless to make contact until he knew how much he could and couldn't tell Harry, what levels of secrecy they would need to implement to keep the old man appeased.

His former plans had been upturned completely. They were under watch, now. Scrutinized by the whole world, and by Albus most of all.

The old man would be on his guard. On the attack. He'd be scheming and so Severus needed to wait, watch, find his bearings and get back in the old man's graces. Rebuild his trust.

He couldn't allow himself to be swayed by sentiment.

But a moment glancing into those green eyes, wracked with pain and grief, and Severus's resolve crumbled.

Draco came bolting around the corner with Zabini in tow, his face flush and his eyes widened with alarm when he spotted Severus there.

"Unc--uh, Professor Snape," his godson wheezed, then swallowed.

"Do you mind illuminating me as to why you were all rushing through the halls as if being chased by a troll?"

Draco swallowed, a guilty look directed Harry's way.

"It's nothing," Harry muttered, curling his arms around himself, tears just barely held back.

Severus just looked at his godson and lifted a brow. He held his gaze while Draco agonized. The boy made an admirable effort to refrain from speaking a word. Seconds ticking slowly while Severus stared.

"W-we were t-talking about, uh," Draco grimaced and looked down, "the war."

If the Dark Lord or Albus Dumbledore had peered into Severus's mind just then, it would have caved and split open. Every secret laid bare for all to see.

A fist curled around his heart and squeezed. Tight as a vice.

"Mr Malfoy, Mr Zabini, please return to your lunch."

Draco seemed conflicted before he stepped away. Footsteps echoed in the hallway while the students meandered about, chattering in the Great Hall.

Severus's mouth tasted like bile.

"Follow me," he said quietly.

The boy did, though he hesitated.

They walked down the staircase to the dungeons, to the door of Severus's office. There was a single student that passed as they reached it. A Slytherin fifth year, Georgia Peters. Harry quickly ducked his head away as the girl approached.

They were silent a moment after she'd left.

Severus placed his hand on the door and the wards granted them entrance. Harry watched from the corner of his eye. The office was cold as they walked inside, but Harry flinched when Severus's wand snapped toward the hearth and lit the fire.

Already the boy was afraid of him.

Severus drew over his chair from behind the desk, and set down a safe distance from the boy's, slightly askew, so that Harry wasn't forced to look at him. So it didn't feel like an interrogation.

"Please, sit."

Harry walked slowly, hands clasped together in a white-knuckle grip and his head dipped to the floor. He sat slightly forward, hunched like he was hoping to curl up and will the world away.

Severus settled in the other chair and waited.

For the first time in a long time, words failed him.

What could he possibly say?

What would ever make this right?

There was too much and too little to say all at once. Too many regrets and betrayals.

Too many lies.

And Albus... the Headmaster was still playing his games. Would still expect Severus to obey his orders. To stay silent on everything other than what the old man deemed necessary for Harry to know.

Dolling out truths like lemon drops. Like treats for good behavior and bribes for subservience.

Not as something the boy had a right to.

"Are you--" the boy choked, his eyes sealed tightly shut, "are we...?"

The words hung in the air. The unfinished question.

Are you my father?

Severus could deny it. He was sure that was what Albus would order him to do. Keep his distance from the boy, push and antagonize him, play the game the way the old man wanted it to be played.

A pawn to play decoy and be mowed down by the enemy.

But he'd grown tired of games.

Tired of lies.

"I don't know," Severus admitted.

The boy finally looked up at that, eyes glittering with confusion. "Then why did you help--? He stopped abruptly, bit his lip.

He'd already figured it out, then? Severus supposed that he could have come up with a better nom de plume than his own initials, if he'd truly wished to stay anonymous.

He supposed it made little sense to pretend, now.

It was the least of Severus's secrets.

"How are your mental shields?"

The boy's mouth parted in a small gasp and some mixture of pain and hope sprung in those big green eyes of his.

"They're... They're okay sir, I think."

Severus nodded once. "Before we continue, I would like to request that you let me test them," he spread his hands on his knees. "I realize that it is a lot to ask, especially given what you've heard, but I must be certain you are able to evade intrusion from... certain parties."

Harry was utterly silent. Not even seeming to breathe.

"Dumbledore?" He said finally.

Severus did not nod or speak a word, but he gave the boy a look that spoke volumes.

The boy inhaled, swallowed hard. "O-okay," he croaked. Then closed his eyes and calmed himself, his body language shifting as his mind cleared and the mental barriers slid in place. His shoulders softened and his hands unclenched.

Then he opened his eyes and met Severus, and nodded.

Severus did not fully delve into the boy's mind, as the Dark Lord had done so many times to him.

The full force of Legimency was painful and traumatic. Not something that he'd force the boy to endure unless he had to. If, or when, the Dark Lord returned.

Instead, he did what Albus would do, he crept. Silent and wandless, with the force of a whisper, seeking out surface thoughts and dominant memories.

He crept quietly and silently, probing a little for weakness and finding none.

He smiled when he pulled back. "Well done."

A soft and glittering expression lit in Harry's eyes, yearning and unsteady. Almost painfully happy at the small praise. And wracked with guilt because of it.

Harry looked down, hands clutched tight.

Severus closed his eyes and breathed. "We have a lot to cover and not enough time," he said. "If you want to, I can arrange a way for us to meet, without garnering... unwanted attention. I will answer your questions as best I can." He paused. "As honestly as I can. Though... be warned, it will not be easy to hear. Do you still wish to...?"

Harry chewed his lip, his hands gripping and releasing, over and over again. A hideous pain spread over his face as he nodded.

Severus could have cut out his own heart, at that moment, and the pain would have been tolerable compared to this.

To see the boy overwhelmed with self-loathing at agreeing to speak with Severus again. Of agreeing to trust him at all, when he'd just discovered what Severus was.

Who Severus had sided with.

And whom he'd cost Harry.

When the boy found out the truth...

He'd hate him. Justifiably so.

But he deserved the truth. He deserved to be protected. And Severus would protect him to his dying breath.

Whether the boy wanted his protection or not.

#

Harry Occluded for the rest of his school day, not daring to let his shields down, keeping his mind clear to keep from falling apart.

He immersed himself in his work. In taking meticulous notes during Professor McGonagall's grand speech about the dangers of Transfiguration. He noted down every detail of her instructions on how to do the task ahead, transfiguring the match into a needle. He already learned the Transfiguration theory by heart, but he wrote it all anyway, diligent and precise, underlining key words and noting down McGonagall's examples.

He focused on his work. Kept his mind preoccupied. Otherwise, he knew he'd fall apart.

There were only forty students to a year, so most classes combined all the Houses, with Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw acting as a buffer between Slytherin and Gryffindor. And there was very something tense about sitting in a room with the lions. And he didn't think it was just because of the usual House rivalry.

Harry had spotted the nasty looks the Gryffindors sent him in the halls and during classes. But he'd noticed that Ron was pointedly not looking at him at all.

Malfoy sat beside him grumbling under his breath, sneaking peeks at Harry's notes when he couldn't figure out where he was going wrong.

McGonagall walked through the desks, peering at work while the students struggled to get their matches to turn into needles.

She stopped at the Gryffindor section, by Hermione. "Spectacular work, Miss Granger," she said, picking up the girl's needle while the student blushed and beamed smugly. "You made fast work of that indeed. I don't recall a student managing the task that quickly in couple of years."

Malfoy straightened and gnashed his teeth at that, like he was personally offended by the thought.

His hand shot up. "Professor," he drawled, while Harry urgently shook his head at his seat-mate. "Potter transfigured his match ten minutes ago."

The teacher straightened and her brows shot up. "Did he?" She said, weaving through the desks.

Malfoy smirked and nodded while Harry gave him a dirty look.

Behind them, Hermione suddenly stood up in her seat, expression hard as stone as she stood on her toes to see.

McGonagall stopped at the desk and stared down at the match. "Mr Malfoy, that is not a needle. I would prefer you didn't--"

"He turned it back, Professor," Malfoy drawled, folding his arms and shooting Hermione a wicked smirk.

The Professor froze. "Untransfiguration?" She frowned. "I highly doubt that."

"He did!" Malfoy scowled, then turned to Harry. "Show her!"

Harry's cheeks pinked, he cleared his throat and glanced up at the Professor for permission. She folded her arms and nodded once, seeming unimpressed.

Harry gripped his wand and reminded himself of all the variables and calculations, holding the image in his mind and manipulating his magic through his wand arm. Then he flicked his wand, said the incantation and watched the needle transform.

The Professor unfolded her arms. Then reached forward to inspect it. There was a long pause as she analyzed it.

"That," she said, "is flawless work, Mr Potter."

Harry's cheeks heated under the gaze of the students. On the other side of the room, Hermione Granger made a strangled noise of utter dismay.

"Now, if you don't mind a second demonstration?" She said, placing the needle back on the table.

Harry licked his lips and focused his mind. Then flicked his wand and it untransfigured.

McGonagall let off a small gasp and a smile itched across her lips. She reached down and inspected it. "Incredible, Mr Potter. A full reversal, too. Not just a repair of an incomplete transfiguration. That's rather more complex. I wasn't planning to cover that until January. You've been reading ahead?"

Harry nodded and scratched the back of his neck. "Um, yeah," he said. "Magical Theory by Waffling helped a lot. You know, for figuring out how the variables are effected and how to focus your magic."

"Well," McGonagall breathed, seeming astonished, "the only way I usually get students to read that text is by assigning it as homework."

Harry shrugged. "It was a bit difficult to understand at first, half his sentences need a dictionary to figure out, or maybe a code-breaker."

The Professor barked a laugh. "Oh yes. I have it on good authority that his copy editor quit half-way through the revisions because he was impossible to work with. But, his work is by far the most comprehensive on the matter of Magical Theory. So many authors try to simplify the subject and pander to the Ministry. In transfiguration, you cannot excel unless you understand the variables and calculations involved. It's a science, not an art." She set the match down. "Truly remarkable work, Mr Potter. I expect you to aim toward top marks in this class."

"Uh, yes, Professor. I'll do my best."

She nodded in approval. "Ten points to Slytherin."

Hermione squawked like she'd been stabbed in the back, standing up with her mouth wide.

"Oh, of course," McGonagall said. "Five points to Gryffindor, Miss Granger."

Hermione did not looked appeased by this offering. In fact, she looked furious. McGonagall went back to weaving through the aisles while Hermione collapsed back in her chair, folded her arms and glared at Harry like she was thinking of murdering him for the top spot in class.

Malfoy snickered, so smug he practically oozed. He smiled right at Hermione as if goading her.

"Will you stop that," Harry murmured. "She hates me enough."

"No," Malfoy snickered, "I think that if we keep bruising her pride and poking her just right, she'll snap and fire an illegal hex at us."

"And you want that to happen?" Harry lifted a brow.

"Perhaps," Malfoy drawled. "Dumbledore would get in trouble for it and father would have her expelled in a heartbeat."

Harry glared at him. "She's annoying but she's not worthy being expelled."

Malfoy scowled at him. "They think we should be."

"What? No they don't."

"They do," Malfoy huffed, then leaned forward. "Trust me on this. They'd happily stick the lot of us in a cell in Azkaban to rot. We're Slytherins," Malfoy said. "To the rest of the school... no, the rest of the country, that's interchangeable with evil and inhuman."

Harry opened his mouth to argue, but the words never came.

He remembered the way Dumbledore had looked when Harry had been Sorted. The way the whole Hall silenced, stunned and terrified.

Ron's mother talked about him being mobbed by "Dark Wizards" on the train. That's what she'd said: Dark Wizards. And she hadn't been talking about fully grown adults, or she would have insisted an adult go with him.

She'd been talking about students.

About Slytherin's.

As if they were already lost causes. Beyond redemption Even when they'd barely learned a single spell.

Harry couldn't help but wonder about Snape. About what it would be like to be surrounded by people who thought you were already evil. To be surrounded with people telling you that you or your family deserved to rot in prison.

A "thirst to prove yourself", the hat had told him. "Just like your father."

Had the Hat been talking about James, or Snape?

#

Severus left dinner that night the same time as always. He did not look Harry's way, even when he could feel the boy's eyes on him. Even when Minerva boasted, ostensibly to the other staff but loud enough for him to hear, about the boy's spectacular prowess in Transfiguration.

He swept through the Great Hall and down the corridors as if to go back to his office, then he disillusioned himself and climbed the stairs.

There was a staircase, on the fifth floor, which appeared to meet a wall. Severus, however, had walked these halls enough to know to never assume a wall was just a wall.

He checked, once again, that the coast was clear with a quick spell to reveal prying eyes, then tapped the fifth brick down, second across, four times.

The entrance yawned wide and revealed a small corridor with two classrooms.

The classrooms had likely been disused for centuries, but there was still the odd book or candle scattered about in a layer of dust, from some forgotten student who'd stumbled upon the perfect hiding spot.

Severus stepped toward the second room and began to ward it to the hilt. Protective and privacy enchantments with enough power to ensure nobody would find them there. Then he began to light the candles in their sconces and transfigure the furniture into something that looked stable and mildly welcoming.

He had only just barely made the place look less like a perfect spot to lure the poor boy to his demise when his wards alerted him.

Harry was standing straight, with his wand clutched in his hand, placed in such a way that he could flee to safety if need be, and Severus was profoundly proud of him for it. If there was one instinct he wished the boy to have inherited, whether it be from Severus or otherwise, it was that of self-preservation.

Severus alerted the wards to permit him then placed his wand on the floor beside one of the chairs and stepped away from it, to the other. A gesture of trust. Though they likely both knew Severus wouldn't need a wand if he truly meant the boy harm.

Harry stood in the doorway for a few seconds, hesitant to step forward, then crossed the threshold, but did not close the door.

He sat down with his wand still clutched in his hand, fingers tightening and releasing around it. His emerald green eyes lingering on the floor.

Severus thought of speaking first, of taking charge and explaining what he wanted to explain first. But somehow he knew Harry would see through it. Would see the little manipulations, the effort to control the narrative.

And Severus didn't want to control. Not when he looked at the boy and saw... whether it were true or not... his own blood.

The boy deserved the truth.

The brutal truth.

The truth of what Severus really was.

He deserved it before he grew too attached to the idea of Severus being... something more than he was. So he didn't believe him to be infallible.

"You were a Death Eater."

They were whispered, but the words echoed between them like verdict.

"Yes," Severus rasped. "I was."

Harry didn't look up. His head just dipped like he was draining of all the hope he had left.

"I regret it," Severus said. "More than anything."

The boy pursed his lips. Considering something. "Why did you do it?"

He clutched his hand into a fist. He didn't know he could feel agony like this again. Not after Lily. He thought he'd been numbed to it.

"I..." Severus swallowed. "I was weak."

"No," Harry scowled, tone hard. "Don't give me the short answer." He met Severus's eye and held it, scowling. "You said you'd give me the truth. So tell the truth. Make me understand. Explain. Explain everything. I... I want to know why."

Severus tasted bile. The thought of going through all that. Unpicking his weakness in excruciating detail...

But the boy was right. He'd promised the truth.

And if that was what Harry truly wanted.

Severus looked down and nodded. Then took a shuddering breath.

"I... wasn't much admired at school," Severus croaked, releasing his clenched hands and closing his eyes, "your mother was my only friend. I was a half-blood Slytherin surrounded by hard-line purists. I was... an outsider. Snubbed or ignored, ahead of most my classmates and disregarded by the teachers. I longed for... admiration. Acceptance.

"So when the upper year Slytherin's started to take an interest in my abilities, my skill for potions and creating new spells, it felt..." Severus paused, "exhilarating. The praise and approval. I started listening to their bile, desperate to fit in. Started providing them with potions and teaching them the spells I created. The deeper I got, the more I started to... to truly believe their talk of pure-blood supremacy. I started to practice darker spells... the darkest.

"The thing you need to understand about the Dark Arts is... they can be almost addictive. There is a high to using them, a kind of euphoria. And when you immerse yourself in it, you start to feel invincible. The power is intoxicating and you feel like a god. But it's a false ecstasy. And it eats at your soul. Hollows you out like a rotted tree. Strips you of your humanity.

"The first time they took me to see the Dark Lord... he took me aside to speak to me personally. To ask me about my studies and what I was going to do when I left Hogwarts. He was charming and praising. Honeyed words of how great I could be. Slowly, he began tempting me in. An offer to fund my Potions Mastery, paying me for my work. They were just healing droughts and little tinctures here and there, but I was from little means and I wanted the money. So my greed overcame whatever was left of my morals, and soon enough I convinced myself it was a great honor to be chosen to work for such a powerful man, in spite of my so-called 'unfortunate' blood status.

"It was like... free-falling. I'd long since pushed your mother away by then. I... betrayed her friendship, deplorably, and I felt her loss like a limb. But then these people were calling me talented, offering me praise and welcoming me at their sides. And one small favor became another, until they weren't small favors at all, but duties and I wasn't just an outsider, discarding my conscience for easy money, but a servant and a loyal devotee. And all I could think about was gaining the adulation of my Lord and climbing the ranks to his inner circle, to hear that honeyed praise once more and be told I was worthy."

Severus stopped.

He'd never said this aloud before.

Never unburdened himself this way.

And he wondered at the wisdom of it, but the boy had asked for the truth. He deserved to know what kind of man Severus was before he grew attached to the idea of... of whatever Severus could be for him.

There was a difference between passing notes, working as allies, keeping the boy safe, a difference between that and... becoming family.

Severus exhaled.

"D-did you..." Harry's voice was soft but choked, "did you kill people?"

Severus desperately tried to Occlude, but it felt like walking on glass. His chest ached as if he'd been run through and gutted.

"Yes," Severus whispered.

Every second of silence was torture. One more twist of the screw.

Please don't ask it, he willed to the boy. Severus had vowed to be honest, but he longed for the boy to leave some questions unasked.

"Who?"

Severus hissed out a breath and sucked it back in.

There was silence, for a moment, as Severus warred with himself, until finally...

"A Muggle man, during a raid. Two wizards and one witch, in two separate duels. Two... mercy killings," Severus whispered, "and... my father."

And your father.

And your mother.

And nearly you.

Surely now he would leave. Decide that Severus was beyond redemption and run. Any minute now Severus would hear him flee, sickened by him.

"Did he hurt you?"

Severus's eyes snapped open.

Green orbs shined back at him. Wet with tears and grief. A sorrow there, and pity, but no real hatred.

No revulsion.

"Wh-what?"

"Did your father hurt you?" Harry asked again. "Was he... was he abusive."

He whispered it.

Severus pressed his lips together, his eyes aching and he nodded.

Harry watched him, silent. A quiet understanding on his face. As if he'd already figured out what horrible circumstance would lead to the death of Tobias Snape. What kind of desperation would lead Severus there.

Then, Harry nodded, once, and his gaze fell to the floor. "Th-the duels?"

"During the later raids," Severus whispered. "After I'd been initiated. I tended to avoid killing if I could. But those three had no intention of letting me go while they still lived. They'd no intention of letting a Death Eater escape while they still drew breath. They fought valiantly, and... fearlessly. They died with honor," Snape swallowed. "It's more than I could ever say about myself."

Harry swallowed and pursed his lips. "Tell me about the Muggle man," he said. "About the raid."

Severus closed his eyes again, exhaled. "I... I'm not sure if I should--"

"Please," Harry said, quiet but firm. "I want... I need to know..."

Severus knew what he wanted. What this conversation was leading to. Why the boy would want to know the worst of his sins.

I need to know what kind of person you are.

Whether the boy should trust Severus or not.

Severus swallowed a bitter taste and continued.

"In 1979, the Dark Lord's raids reached their peak. He cast a taboo, a spell that reveals the location of a speaker when they utter a particular word. In this case, he placed it on his name." Severus clenched his hand. "He used it as a means to sow terror. To instill a fear in him that went beyond the fear of a mortal man, but the fear one feels for a vengeful god. People would utter his name and cabal of Death Eaters would appear, to destroy all they saw.

"I was held back from the raids, at first. I insisted that I was ready, but the Dark Lord... I think he feared that if I saw the true face of his campaign too early, my loyalties could sway. It's one thing to convince yourself that those people were... animals, not worthy of sympathy. It is another to witness..." Severus sucked in a breath, "I was 'trained'. Whenever I was not brewing potions, I was ordered to practice the Dark Arts. To study the most vicious spells, to practice on animals and rodents. But it was not training. It was a means to demolish what little remained of my kindness. To intoxicate me with dark power until I'd become a true monster.

"I killed the Muggle man during my first raid. October. The night was... a blur of mayhem and chaos. What I remember of the night is tinged with panic, confusion and dark magic, but I remember hearing a cry of pain and stumbling to find its source. I remember going inside a house to find..." Severus swallowed down bile and clenched his hands together, "to find Death Eater named Bellatrix, having murdered a girl with a spell of my own making. Sectumsempra. A vile spell." He hung his head, raised his shaking hands to his face. "I felt so sickened by the sight, by what had happened because of my pathetic quest to prove myself, that I fled to the lavatory to retch and when I tore the door open, I found him..." Severus grit his teeth, "her father. Cowering. Hiding while his daughter bled to death. And I felt a fury that I've... I've never felt before or since."

Harry's voice was raw. Like his throat had been lacerated. "You k-killed him?"

"I hurt him first," Severus whispered, "then, I cast Sectumsempra."

The silence ached. Like a festering wound. The boy's breaths echoed through the room, heavy and hissed.

"Did you stay," the boy rasped, "after that, did you stay with... with him? The Dark Lord."

"I did."

"Wh-why?" Harry whispered. "Why would you, after..."

"Because I was a coward," Severus whispered, "I thought about it. I pondered the wisdom of running, of fleeing for safety, but I felt trapped. The Dark Lord was so powerful, so much more than I. He made his rise to power seem... inevitable. All hope of a resurgence of the Light felt like a lost cause. And even though I suspected what he was... I still respected him. Still desperately wanted to gain his favor, his praise. I even entertained the idea that, if I could only gain in his ranks, I could stop the others from hurting women and children. So I immersed myself in my work and occluded any traitorous thoughts to the very depths of my mind. Cowered, like that vile Muggle had. And set my mind to being a loyal servant, and... I didn't accept the truth until it was too late. Until I'd... done something unforgivable."

Harry inhaled. His breath catching and holding for a long time.

"Tell me," Harry said.

The Headmaster would have crucified him right there for so much as considering telling the boy. He'd hide the truth, no doubt, until the very last moment. The way he always did.

He'd claim it was too much for a young boy to endure. The weight of it.

And perhaps it was.

"I would not consider placing this burden on you," Severus said, "if I didn't suspect that the Headmaster will make me take an Unbreakable Vow of silence, and hide it from you until he decides it necessary for you to hear. He'd believe you too young to hear this and... I am tempted to agree with him."

There was a pause. "The Headmaster left me with people who nearly killed me. He doesn't get to decide what I can and cannot do," there was a pause, "and neither do you."

Severus couldn't help but smirk with pride at that. The confidence in his voice reminded Severus so much of Lily. He buried it and opened his eyes, risking a look at the boy.

Harry appeared... determined. As if he were steeling himself for the betrayal to come. Occluding to keep from falling apart.

Resolute.

And it was eerie to see him like that. It was an expression Severus had seen so many times in the mirror.

Wounded, but resolved.

Severus swallowed and pursed his lips. "Dumbledore was interviewing a woman for a Divination post at the Hog's Head in Hogsmeade town and... she had a prophecy."

The boy's eyes widened. His mouth opened slightly as a realization dawned. "A prophecy?" He said. "About... me?"

Severus nodded. "About you," he replied, "and about the Dark Lord." Severus swallowed down the last of his pain and continued. "'The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies...' That is all I heard, before I was discovered." Severus felt his heart tear tear open as a comprehension fell across Harry's face.

"You..." Harry choked, "you told him."

Severus nodded.

"Th-that's why he came," Harry rasped, "he wasn't after my parents... he was after me."

"He..." Severus looked away. "He grew obsessive. Utterly tormented by desire to quash the last hope of his defeat. It was months before you were born and it wasn't until then that I realized the true gravity of my mistake. He was convinced it was you. Certain of it. And Lily..." Severus closed his eyes. "I pleaded for your lives. Asked that he found another way. He refused to spare you, but he agreed to spare your mother. But I didn't believe him. I couldn't trust his word. So... I went to Dumbledore."

"You... did?"

Severus finally felt the tears fall. "I urged him to hide Lily, to hide you all..." He raised a hand to his eyes. "He agreed, but... he insisted that I remain in the Dark Lord's service. I became a spy. But..." Severus dug his nails into his knee, "it was all for nothing. I couldn't... undo what I had done. And your mother... she died because of me. They both did and no number of apologies can take that back. No amount of suffering can ever equal what..."

Severus didn't dare look up. But the boy's shadow flickered in the candlelight. Sat still in the chair, not appearing to move at all. Not even appearing to breathe.

The air stifled like a poison. Like the toxic fumes from a cauldron. And Severus awaited his judgement.

Awaited the boy's decree.

Whether he would speak to Severus again, or cut him out his life like a cancer.

Maybe the latter was better.

Better for them both.

Several minutes passed while silence reigned, while students milled about the castle, while the Headmaster plotted his games. Ignorant to the world shifting beneath their feet.

"I--I need time," Harry whispered, "time to think, time to... process."

Severus nodded, exhaled. "Take all the time you need."

He watched Harry's shadow nod. But the boy didn't get up. He sat, as if his mind were still whirling with all he now knew.

"The--" Harry's voice choked like he could barely speak the words, "the mercy kills. Who were they? Why?"

Severus remembered them more clearly than the Muggle man. More clearly than his own father's murder. With a crisp, brutal clarity and visceral definition. Like a stepping into a pensieve.

The smell of blood and sickness.

Their cries of pain.

"A werewolf, Greyback... turned them," Severus whispered, "he turned a lot of people... Most of them children. He considered the bite to be... a gift." Severus swallowed. "It is dangerous, the transition. Some wizards and witches never survive it, but Muggles..." Severus closed his eyes, "they almost never do. It's a brutal end. The days up to the first moon, and... that night..." Severus shook his head. "It's a fate I wouldn't wish upon my greatest enemy." Severus sucked in a breath.

"Greyback held some of his victims captive, after the raids. To bolster his 'pack'. I would provide potions to heal their wounds, to keep them... alive. But among them I would sometimes find... Muggles." Severus felt nauseous just thinking about it. Of what happened to them. What was left of them, after the moon had finished with them. "After I saw what... happened to those first Muggles, I brewed poisons. Anesthetizing, soporific. Like slipping off to a peaceful sleep. And I..."

Harry exhaled. A strange, almost relieved sound.

"I..." Harry paused. "I have one last question." He inhaled and exhaled slowly. Steadying himself. "When did you... When was this? After the raid, after you turned... joined Dumbledore...?"

"Before," Severus said. "Once before I turned spy. Once just before... the raid."

Severus saw the boy's shadow nod. "O-okay," Harry whispered. "I... Thank you."

Severus's head snapped up at that. "Wh-why? Why-ever would you be...?"

The boy had a light in his eyes. Raw from tears and torment. Lips pressed together.

He stared at Severus as if he were a wounded animal. As if he were watching a dangerous beast carrying a fatal wound, and the boy didn't know how to ease his suffering without having his own heart ripped out his chest.

"Thank you for telling me the truth, even though..." Harry swallowed, "even though it hurt." The boy lifted from the seat, slow and unsteady. He paused once again before he left, as if he wanted to say something else. As if something was on the tip of his tongue.

But he just stood there, watching Severus, silent.

Then stepped out the door.

* * *
Notes:

    I'M SORRY!

    Don't worry, I wouldn't leave you hanging after a cliffhanger like that. Next chapter is up now. Hope it helps to ease the heartbreak.

    Thanks again for all the lovely comments and kudos! You guys really make my day.

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 11
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Harry hated breakfasts at Hogwarts. The food was either greasy or plain or both. Sausages, bacon, eggs, or cornflakes, kippers and bread.

There was porridge, but barely any preserves and absolutely no fruit or nuts. If you wanted to add flavor, you had a choice of golden syrup or sugar. That was your lot.

Harry wondered how the entire Wizarding World wasn't obese or suffering heart disease and diabetes.

Harry sat there, miserable, every morning, eating porridge with golden syrup and missing home. Missing Jiffy and her chattering about how he needed to eat more vegetables and nearly bursting into tears when he tried to clean the dishes. He missed her surprise porridge flavors. Apricot, ginger and grapefruit. Or poached pears with peanut butter. Or a whole bowl full of fruit: bananas, raspberries orange slices and blueberries, drizzled with compote.

He'd sent his first letter to Jiffy yesterday, telling her as much, and asking how she was. He hoped that Snape was able to keep her busy. Jiffy never much liked being idle. Maybe it was a House Elf thing.

Harry was half-way through his porridge when Hedwig flew in with the rest of the Owls. She came to visit sometimes, sitting on his shoulder and burrowing in his hair. Today, she had a note.

Dear Harry,

I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three? I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with Hedwig.

Hagrid

Harry pulled out a quill and scrawled a polite acceptance in reply, while Malfoy sneered.

"Why would you wish to spend time with that oaf?"

Harry huffed. "He's a nice enough guy, so long as you seem to like Dumbledore. And," Harry peered across at his friend, "he can't keep a secret to save his life."

Malfoy's brow lifted at that and he smirked. "Is that so?"

Harry sent Hedwig off after he'd stroked her feathers and passed her an owl treat.

He felt so exhausted today. He had nightmares the first couple of nights after their meeting. Harry dreamt he was walking through Little Whinging and the Death Eaters came. They set the houses alight and cackled like cartoon villains, while a giant werewolf prowled the streets, looking for Harry.

He'd managed to occlude before bed the last two nights. It helped to keep the nightmares at bay, but he still felt like he was running on fumes.

His mind was constantly whirling. He probably shouldn't have asked so many questions. But he was glad he knew. For better or worse. Maybe it was all those years in the cupboard under the stairs, but Harry had never liked being kept in the dark. Even if the truth hurt. He'd prefer that to ignorance.

He just didn't know what to do with the truth, now that he had it.

Malfoy finished reading the headlines of the Daily Prophet and passed Harry the paper. "All yours," he said. "I don't know why you don't just get your own subscription. You barely get time to read it by the time I'm finished."

Harry shrugged and took the paper.

He didn't want to get his own subscription. It felt too much like... giving up.

He stared at the headline, 'MINISTER URGES WIZENGAMOT TO ADOPT MUGGLE PROTECTION ACT', and wondered what SS would have written about it. A mocking remark about the Minister's intelligence, or a comment on the blatant bid to ransack old family estates. The Ministry had been looking for new ways to raid estates for Dark Artifacts for a decade, this was just a new name for the same old nonsense.

He flicked through to the Potions News section, reading with interest about a bill drafted to try and monitor the purchase of certain poisonous herbs and fauna. The news was hidden in plain sight like a perfectly innocent announcement of no real consequence, but Harry got out his still-unused potions notebook and wrote it down.

"Will you stop that," Malfoy hissed at him, "you're not going to alleviate rumors like that you know." He glanced around the table at where the Slytherin's were watching him meticulously scour the Potions News.

"As if I care," Harry muttered, finishing up his note and turning to the Financial Pages. "People will think what they want about me." Like they always have.

"Can't you just read the Prophet for gossip, like a normal eleven year old?" Malfoy huffed.

Harry sighed and turned to the society pages. There, at the top, was a curious article. 'THE HIDDEN DEPTHS OF PROF. SEVERUS SNAPE'.

They'd added an old picture of the Potions Master at a Malfoy Ball, wearing slightly nicer robes than usual and scowling furiously at the camera before flicking his wand in what Harry suspected was a retaliation hex at the photographer.

Harry couldn't help but smirk a little at the sight. His chest ached like he'd been punched.

The article spoke in vague terms about a recent rumor that he'd secretly fathered a child with a certain 'famous soldier of the Light' and how it gave renewed credence to Dumbledore's claim that he'd worked as a spy. It speculated about a forbidden love and romanticized what might have been.

'After all these years, solitary and isolated, the young Severus Snape remains unmarried. It leaves one to wonder whether a woman already has his heart. A lost love that could never be replaced by another.'

Harry didn't know much about Snape, but he had a feeling that the man was going to absolutely loathe this.

"No mention of... details," Harry murmured, "that's..." he faded off. It wasn't a relief, to be honest. Instead, it was rather worrying. It felt like an omen of more to come.

"I'd watch out for her," Malfoy tapped his finger at the author name, 'Rita Skeeter'. "Father says a number of people have had to offer... compensations to keep their dirty laundry out the papers."

Harry hummed and winced.

She was probably digging then. This might even be a warning. A way of getting his attention and making him take notice.

The bell for class chimed. Harry handed Malfoy back his paper and packed away his potions notebook. He spotted Snape, from the High Table, where he sat drinking black coffee and eating nothing, glance at his notebook with interest before draining his coffee and sweeping away.

Harry hesitated, watching the man's back as he left.

They'd barely looked at each other since that evening. A glance or two across the Hall, eyes meeting for a moment before someone inevitably looked away.

The Slytherins filed back to the dungeons. The Gryffindors followed behind them, jostling and play-fighting.

As Potions was more focused work, the school had to split the classes in two for each year. That made sense enough. What Harry couldn't figure out was why some idiot had decided to stick Gryffindors and Slytherin's together during a class that brewed volatile substances likely to explore.

They wandered inside the classroom door and Harry tried to catch Ron's eye while the boy huddled together with the other Gryffindors, wandering to one side of the room. The boy wasn't scowling at him, like the others were, but he didn't look up at Harry once.

Hermione Granger on the other hand, was alternating between reading Magical Theory by Waffling and scowling at Harry as if plotting his demise. Malfoy snickered like all was going according to plan.

"Give it three weeks and she'll be hexing you in the halls," the blonde drawled from the seat beside Harry, "I bet I can get her expelled by All Hallows Eve."

The door snapped open behind them and the group startled. Snape prowled inside, his pristine robes billowing behind him and obsidian eyes staring through them like he could see into their souls.

The man didn't say a word, just swept back to the front, waiting for them all to take their seats before he called out the register.

When he was done, Snape placed it on his desk and fell into silence, for a long time. Gazing at them like he was judging their worth.

"You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potions-making," he said, his voice a compelling whisper, like he was muttering a secret. "As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate powder of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses... I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory and even stopper death--if you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach."

Harry was mesmerized.

This was the man in his element. Graceful and intense. Both terrifying and awe-inspiring. And, suddenly, Harry could see exactly what the Slytherin's respected about the man.

Unthinkably talented. Gaze sharp and knowing. His voice commanded respect with a mere whisper and entranced all to listen in silence.

He was clearly not easy to impress. And the yearning to make the man proud flooded through Harry unbidden. Despite everything he knew.

Despite all his hesitations and fears.

The Potions Master stepped through the aisles and inspected the students in the class, watching them itch under his gaze.

"Can anyone tell me what I would get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?"

The Draught of Living Death. Harry cautiously lifted his hand but...

"Sir! The Draught of Living Death!" Came a desperate voice from the Gryffindor aisle.

The whole of Slytherin flinched. Snape stopped and whirled around, moving until he was standing in front of Hermione, glaring.

"Did you raise your hand, Miss Granger?" His quiet voice hissed.

The girl swallowed. "Uh, n-no, sir, I just--"

"Did I call your name?" The man continued.

"N-no, sir."

"Then, you will remain silent." The man glowered. "In my class, you will wait until I have called your name before answering. You will treat my classroom with the dignity and respect it deserves, and not like you are in some common Muggle game show. Do I make myself very clear?"

The girl nodded, eyes tearing up.

"Aloud, Miss Granger."

"Y-yes, s-sir."

The Slytherins snickered with delight.

"A bit harsh," Harry whispered to Malfoy, low enough that nobody else could hear.

"Are you kidding?" Malfoy snorted. "That's him going easy on her."

Harry's eyes widened and he turned back to Snape, while he stepped away from the girl without another glance and stepped toward the front of class.

"Can anyone tell me where you would look if I told you to find me a bezoar?"

Even with her recent humiliation, Hermione's hand shot in the air at lightning speed. Stretching it as high as it could go.

Harry waited to see if anyone else would, then lifted his own hand.

Snape's eyes fell on Harry, a glitter of something buried deep within. "Mr Potter. Please enlighten us."

"Uh, in the stomach of a goat, sir," Harry said, feeling his voice shiver as their gazes met.

Snape nodded, his lips twitching with the urge to smile before his facade retuned to emotionless. "Two points to Slytherin," he said. "Now, would anyone like to tell me what the difference is between monkshood and wolfsbane?"

Hermione made a high-pitched sound, then lifted her hand as high as it would go without jumping up from her seat.

Harry lifted his own hand, but Snape seemed to be making an effort to be fair and sighed, looking at Hermione.

"Miss Granger?"

"They're the same plant, sir," Hermione cried, smirking with pride. "Also known as Aconite."

"Correct," Snape said. "Two points to Gryffindor." The Slytherin's jolted at that, eyes wide with surprise. But then Snape continued, with a smirk. "I don't suppose you would be able to illuminate the class on the recent news regarding the sale of aconite?"

Hermione's eyes widened with terror, mouth wobbling as if terrified by the thought of hearing a question she could not answer. An answer she couldn't read out of a book.

Harry slowly lifted his hand into the air and Snape smugly turned to him. "Mr Potter, if you could illuminate the class."

Harry pursed his lips. "The Ministry have, um, set up a new regulation which monitors the sale of aconite, so that buyers must register their name. It goes into effect in January."

Snape smirked proudly and Harry's mouth itched to mirror it. "Five points to Slytherin, Mr Potter."

Hermione made a horrified noise and the Slytherin's tittered. Malfoy nudged his shoulder with a smirk.

"Would anyone be able to take a guess as to why this regulation might have been put in place?"

Hermione determinedly shot up her hand, leaping from her chair and standing on her toes.

"Miss Granger?"

"Because it is a lethal substance, sir, and an ingredient in a number of poisons."

Snape lifted a brow. "And then why, pray tell, is there not a similar regulation on other poisonous substances? Why is there no register for venoms? For all potions ingredients that might be turned to drafting a poison?"

Hermione choked, her mouth ajar and eyes wide with tears, absolutely horrified by the realization she was incorrect.

Snape turned to Harry. "Mr Potter. Do you have a theory?"

Harry licked his lip, resisting the urge to smirk back at the man. "Because aconite is a primary ingredient in the Wolfsbane brew. If the government register those who buy the substance in bulk, they can find the potioneers who supply the Wolfsbane potion to unregistered werewolves and pressure them into revealing a list of clientele."

Snape smiled. Not a smirk. A genuine smile. And nodded once. "Ten points to Slytherin for excellent deductive reason."

Harry couldn't help but grin in reply. A burst of pride in his chest that was almost addictive.

Malfoy looked like Christmas had come early when he glanced over at Hermione and the girls face had gone bright purple with rage and humiliation, glaring at Harry with lethal intent.

"Make that two weeks til she hexes you," Malfoy murmured.

Harry sighed.

#

The lesson ended abruptly when, half way through Snape's praise of his and Malfoy's 'perfectly brewed' potion, Neville Longbottom melted the bottom off Seamus Finnegan's cauldron and broke out in boils.

"Idiot boy!" Snape hissed at Neville while the boy broke out in boils and whimpered on the floor.

He wasn't exactly being fair, Harry decided, while he watched the teacher berate the poor Gryffindor. It was an easy enough mistake to make.

Harry winced at the sight of the boy, then stepped forward. "I can take him to the Hospital Wing, sir," Harry said.

Snape looked up curiously at that, then nodded. "Very well. You, Finnegan! Why didn't you tell him not to add the porcupine quills while it was still on the fire? Two points from Gryffindor."

Harry reached down and tentatively lifted the wailing Neville by the arm while the Slytherin's watched, as if trying to figure out what his ploy was.

Harry escorted Neville out the room and started the long climb to the Hospital Wing.

"Th-thanks," Neville murmured between wails of agony.

"No problem," Harry murmured. "Remind me to learn some kind of first aid spells. At least something to levitate people. I can't imagine walking several flights of stairs is going to be pleasant for you."

Neville whimpered as he laughed. "I--I've had worse."

Harry paused. "Like what?"

"Oh, y-you know," Neville murmured. "My family thought I was a squib, so my great-uncle Algie used to catch me off guard and force some magic out of me--you know, a jinx here and there. He pushed me off the edge of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned."

Harry frowned. "And... your parents were okay with that?"

"Oh, er," Neville winced. "I live with my gran, my parents aren't--"

Oh, Merlin. Harry remembered now. Longbottom. Like Frank and Alice Longbottom. Who'd been targeted in the war and left in a catatonic state.

"Oh, sorry," Harry said.

"It's okay," Neville whispered. "My great-uncle Algie was just trying to help. My gran cried when I finally showed my first bit of accidental magic. Uncle Algie came round for tea and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my great-aunt Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let go. I bounced all the way down the garden and into the road. They'd never been happier. Except for maybe when I got into Hogwarts. Uncle Algie was so happy, he bought me Trevor. You know, my toad."

Harry felt a little sick.

He'd dropped him out a window.

Dropped him from an upper floor window. And his gran had still let the man breathe the same air as Neville. And, worse still, Neville thought the man had done him a favor.

"Would it have been that bad?" Harry asked. "If you were a squib, would it have been that bad?"

Neville blinked at that, as if he'd never considered otherwise. "Well... yeah. My gran would have been crushed. She probably would have never looked at me again. After losing..." Neville swallowed.

"But..." Harry stopped. The boy didn't get it.

If Neville hadn't been a wizard, he could have died.

He might have broken his neck and died. And his family thought that was worth the risk.

It reminded Harry, all too much, of the Dursleys. Of their failed efforts to stamp the magic out of him. Harry swallowed a bitter taste and remained silent. Thinking through his options.

When they reached the Hospital Ward, Madam Pomfrey tutted and huffed at Neville, chastising him for getting into this mess.

Harry waited silently by the boy's bedside while Pomfrey rushed around for counter potions and administered magical pain-killers.

"Th-thanks again, Harry." Neville said as he sighed with relief at the pain dipping away. He looked so absurdly grateful that Harry would offer to help him. As if nobody else ever would.

Harry smiled. "No worries, Nev. I'll speak to you soon, right? Let me know if you want some Potions tutoring."

The boy's eyes widened. "R-really?"

"Sure," Harry said. "Sounds like fun."

Neville blinked away tears. "Y-yeah. I'd... like that."

Harry waved as he walked away. But didn't step out the ward. Instead he stepped over to Pomfrey's office. The woman blinked at him as she answered the door.

"Can I help you, Mr Potter?"

"Yeah," Harry whispered. "Can you call Professor McGonagall? I think she might need to hear this, too."

#

The Slytherin's could smell a juicy plot when Harry arrived late to lunch. Malfoy asked subtle questions about what had kept him. Zabini just made teasing remarks on whether Harry was trying to win the Gryffindor's good graces.

Millicent Bullstrode sat forward with a smirk. "Snape told you to read the paper this morning, didn't he?"

Harry shook his head. "Must have seen me looking at the Potions News this morning and decided to test me."

The rest of the Slytherin's begrudgingly admitted that sounded more true to character. "Why were you looking at the Potions News, though?" Daphne asked.

"Because," Harry shrugged, picking a sandwich off the platter and onto his plate, "I didn't know anything about the Wizarding World until recently and where better to learn about it than the newspaper. You can learn a lot by reading beyond the headlines."

"What do you mean, you knew nothing?" Malfoy pressed. "I thought that was unfounded."

"Dumbledore sent Hagrid to tell me I was a Wizard on my eleventh birthday," Harry said, after swallowing a bite of sandwich. "My Aunt and Uncle never told me."

The rest of the Slytherin's flinched like they'd been shocked.

"You knew nothing?"

"Dumbledore did what!"

"Hagrid! The sodding Game Keeper!"

Harry shrugged. But, while the rest of the Slytherin's balked and chirped with fury at the indignity of having his heritage kept from him, and then revealed by Hagrid, Malfoy was staring at him curiously, like he could smell a lie. The boy kept quiet, though. Returning to his meal as if he had no interest in the proceedings at all.

At five to three, when Harry left the castle, Malfoy insisted on coming with him.

"Hagrid might not react well to... you know..." Harry said.

"Yes, I do know," Malfoy drawled, "but if he's as gullible as you say I'm certain he will come around."

Harry rolled his eyes.

Malfoy winced as he spotted the small wooden hut on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, but did not say anything.

There was a barking and a scratching at the door then Hagrid's voice boomed, "Back, Fang--back!" And Malfoy stepped behind Harry as if he were a human shield.

Hagrid appeared in the doorway then let Harry inside, only spotting Malfoy when Fang bounded at the boy and the blonde Slytherin screeched, knocked to the floor while Fang gave him a tongue bath.

"Get him off!" Malfoy yelped, trying to wriggle free of the boarhound.

"Back, Fang! Back!" Hagrid wrestled the boarhound away. "Well, ai'll be. He likes yeh. Usually a good judge o' character, Fang..." Hagrid stared at Malfoy suspiciously. "Yer the Malfoy boy, ain't yeh?"

"Yes," Malfoy squeaked, jumping to his feet. Harry cast a Scourgify and the boy looked eternally grateful. "Uh, you're Rubeus Hagrid, correct? Harry spoke very well of you, so I thought I'd introduce myself."

Hagrid teared up, gazed at Harry and sniffed. "Oh, 'arry. That's so kind of yeh. And after all I--" Hagrid pulled out a giant handkerchief and blew his nose. "When they said yer were missin', I though' it'd been all my fault. Messin' up like that. Not tellin' yeh 'bout the barrier and lettin' you go back ter those wretched Muggles all alone."

The giant let out a piteous cry and tears burst free. Harry stepped forward and patted the man gently on the shoulder. "There, there," he said awkwardly, "it all turned out okay. I found the barrier. I found an old book of my mum's for Muggle-borns and it explained everything."

Hagrid fell to his knee and scooped Harry up in a wailing hug, his black beard scratching at Harry's ear. Behind them, he heard Malfoy shriek as Fang wandered back over to lick him again.

"Thank Merlin," Hagrid sobbed. "Thought ai'd lost yeh for good. Thought yeh'd been snapped up by Death Eaters or all sorts." The man finally released the boy and spotted Malfoy knocked back on the floor. "Back, Fang! Back!"

They managed to wrestle Malfoy free of Fang and settled on a couple of chairs while Fang slobbered in on boy's lap.

Harry cast an Impervious on Malfoy's robes and the boy's eyes glittered with gratitude. And more than a little fear.

Hagrid wandered off to make them tea and Malfoy cleared his throat and decided to test just how worthwhile further visits to the giant would be.

"That must have been a real shock, hearing about Harry," Malfoy said, playing at sympathetic. "I can't even imagine how worried Dumbledore must have been."

"Oh, poor Dumbledore!" Hagrid sniffed. "He was gutted. They really put 'im through the ringer when they found out he didn't send a teacher."

"Oh no," Malfoy said, then smirked victoriously when the giants back was turned.

"Oh yeh," Hagrid pursed his lips and shook his head. "McGonagall was furious, but Scrimgeour... he had most'a the Auror Office scourin' all over the place. An' when he found out the Dursley's left yeh to fend fer yourself..." Hagrid's lip trembled. "We though' yer wer gone, Harry! Thought yeh'd been whisked away by some Dark Wizard. Scrimgeour put Dumbledore through the ringer fer it and McGonagall looked like she migh'ta cursed 'im."

"Oh no," Malfoy said, gravely shaking his head. "That must have been awful."

"Aye, it were," Hagrid set down their tea and rock cakes. Harry tried to take a bite of his rock cake and nearly broke his teeth. He gave Malfoy a significant look and the blonde nodded, then cautiously slipped the rock cake to Fang, who was still drooling on his lap. "Thought they'd get 'im sacked fer it. But, o' course, yeh can't blame 'im. He tried to keep an eye out fer yeh, af'er all."

Malfoy shot Harry a questioning look.

"Did he?" Harry asked. "Well that's nice of him."

"Well, o'course he did. Dumbledore'll always keep yeh safe. Worried that yeh wouldn't'a known how ta get through so he told a friend tah keep an eye out."

Malfoy straightened slightly but schooled his features. "Well, that's... thoughtful of him."

"Great man, Dumbledore," Hagrid said, as if by rote.

Malfoy hummed, then proceeded to make subtle smalltalk about Head Auror Scrimgeour until the giant revealed how 'rude' he'd been to Dumbledore and the way an Auror named Kingsley Shacklebot had been furious after meeting those 'awful, nasty Dursleys'.

Harry glared and elbowed Malfoy when the boy tried to dig for more dirt on his family life, and the boy acquiesced. Turning back to lighter subjects like the magical creatures under Hagrid's care. Which eventually turned to their mutual love of Dragons. Malfoy bragged endlessly about his visit to the Romanian Sanctuary and lamented the fact he couldn't take an egg home.

"I think it's awful that they make owning a dragon illegal," Malfoy said with what appeared to be genuine interest in the subject. "Surely if you're responsible enough, it would be no problem."

"Exactly!" Hagrid said, nodding eagerly. "Oh, I've always wanted a dragon. And nobody'd love it as much as me. Why, if I can raise an Acromantula, then a dragon can't be that hard, now, can it?"

Malfoy spluttered and his eyes widened with fear and intrigue. "R-really...?"

While Malfoy extracted details about Hagrid's numerous contacts in the Forbidden Forest and the occasional ingredient harvests he did for Snape, Harry's eye was caught on a newspaper cutting lying under a tea cosy.

#

GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST.

Investigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July, widely believed to be the work of Dark Wizards or Witches unknown.

#

Harry frowned at the familiar headline. Dated to just before he started at Hogwarts, cut out of the newspaper and left on the table for him like a clue.

Dumbledore, Harry frowned. This stank of manipulation. An invite to Hagrid's hut and a newspaper cutting left out for him to discover.

Harry swallowed down a bitter taste and slipped the cutting in his satchel.

Hagrid sent the two of them away with pockets full of rock cakes and a comment to Malfoy about how he seemed like a nice lad.

Malfoy looked euphoric as he sauntered toward the castle. "That was far more productive than I thought it would be. Remind me to buy the oaf a Christmas present. He is a more fruitful acquaintanceship to foster than I thought."

Harry lifted a brow. "You're absolutely evil."

"He's an untapped mine of gossip about Dumbledore," Malfoy scoffed, "and he's got an in with Acromantulas! Do you know how many potions masters would literally kill to be given access? It's like finding a giant diamond in steaming hippogriff dung."

Harry elbowed him. "Stop that, he's a nice guy. Don't overdo it. If it gets back to Dumbledore that you're using him for information, Hagrid will be gutted."

Malfoy's grin faded. "Of course," he muttered, "and then he'll never speak to me again. And I'll lose my contact with the Acromantula's..."

Harry rolled his eyes.

"Don't think I didn't notice that comment about Dumbledore telling a friend to 'keep an eye out'," Malfoy said.

"I know you did."

"Well?" Malfoy lifted a brow. "That's what that nonsense with the Weasel was about, wasn't it? He's one of the Headmaster's puppets and Dumbledore wanted you to make best friends when they stumbled upon you in your time of need."

Harry said nothing.

"I knew it," Malfoy hissed. "What a manipulative prick."

Harry snorted. "And the 'Most Hypocritical Bastard of the Year Award' goes to..."

Malfoy elbowed him as a pink hue graced his cheeks.

* * *
Notes:

    Don't worry, the next chapter is in the works!

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 12
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

It arrived on Wednesday with his breakfast, along with Severus's copy of his Daily Prophet that Jiffy fetched from the Owlery.

A note, in Harry's handwriting. Penned so carefully that Severus wondered if he'd made drafts.

'Can we meet again soon?'

Severus felt a flood of every emotion at once. Relief. Fear. Joy and grief. He swallowed them all down. Occluded and wrote his reply.

'Of course. Same spot as last time. After dinner.'

Severus ate breakfast in his rooms at five in the morning, as he always had. He'd sit with the newspaper, itching to write comments in the margins and barely stopping himself.

Then, when he was done, he'd wander up to the Great Hall with a Potions Journal and read it over coffee, making an appearance as Dumbledore had insisted he do, twice a day, since the early days of his tenure.

"Otherwise, my boy, I fear we'd never see you outside the dungeon ever again."

It was a more tolerable duty now that Harry was there.

The boy still ate porridge. Still hadn't got himself a subscription to the Daily Prophet. The hope that they'd one day return to that small routine was almost too painful to bear.

Today, however, beside Severus's usual seat he found Minerva, feigning disinterest and flicking through the Daily Prophet to the society section, where yet another article had been written about him by that wretched wench Rita Skeeter.

"Why, Severus," Minerva smirked, "at this rate you'll be awarded 'Eligible Bachelor of the Year'."

Severus sneered at the paper. "I will have to deal with that woman."

Minerva chortled. "Oh dear, do go easy on her."

"No," Severus said, turning back to his journal article.

Minerva sighed and fondly shook her head, then pretended to read an article while she leaned slightly closer to Severus. "May I recruit your expertise in a matter which requires a... a more Slytherin mind?"

Severus flicked a page while his mind whirred. "Lunch. In your office. We can have it sent up."

"Thank you," she said, then folded her newspaper. "Until then." She stood up and walked away.

Severus had to admit, sometimes that woman appeared more Slytherin than Gryffindor herself.

He made conscious effort not to be detected on the walk up to Minerva's office at noon. His spy instincts never quite left and this felt like a moment that required them.

Their absence from lunch wouldn't be noted. They both often skipped the Hall to mark papers in their offices with a sandwich.

When he found Minerva there, she appeared to have ordered up his favorite. Steak. Bloody.

"If I didn't know you better, Minerva, I'd think this was an effort at bribery," Severus said, slicing his steak and relishing in the first blissful mouthful.

"Merely putting you in a good mood," Minerva admitted, slicing her own well-done steak and taking a bite.

She let him eat in peace, which was wise, instead of jumping straight to the matter. Minerva had known him long enough to know not to bother Severus while he was eating. Too many young, foolish Professors had made that mistake and lived to regret it.

When he'd finished the meal and their plates popped away, only then did she fold her hands together on the desk and turn gravely to him.

"I need your advice about a student," she said, not bothering to dance around the matter. "Tell me, Severus, you've dealt with numerous abuse cases in the past, haven't you?"

"Unfortunately," Severus admitted. "I have some varied experience in the matter."

Minerva nodded. "Including those with... powerful guardians. Pure-blood families with Ministry influence."

"Yes," Severus said, leaning back in his chair. "It is a nasty business, but it is possible."

"And how did you deal with it?"

"That would depend entirely upon the case," Severus answered honestly. "It is much like playing chess. You decide upon your moves based on where your opponents weaknesses are. You cannot truly predict those matters ahead of a game."

Minerva huffed and rubbed her eyes. "I may be in over my head in this matter."

Severus hummed. "I can keep it confidential, if you wish for a second opinion."

Minerva swallowed, staring down at her desk for a long time. "Longbottom."

"Neville?" Severus blinked and frowned. "Frank and Alice's boy?"

She nodded. "His Great-Uncle has repeatedly hurt and humiliated him, nearly killed him on several occasions in an effort to 'scare' the magic out of him. And his Grandmother... she's clearly not looking after the boy the way she should. He has signs of neglect and anxiety more on par with that of a patient with PTSD. When I went to her with the boy's health report she acted as if nothing was awry. She said he was just too 'feeble' and needed to 'toughen up'. And when I accused the boy's Great Uncle... she did not react well."

"He has been physically abused?" Severus felt sick at the thought. He'd assumed the boy was coddled, and treated him abysmally for it.

Minerva nodded. "She claims it wasn't abuse, but hexing a boy, near-drowning him and dropping him out a third story window is nothing short of abuse."

"Merlin," Severus hissed, "they Assayed him?"

"Augusta insists it was an 'accident'," Minerva sneered at the thought. "That Algie had been hanging the boy upside down and then accidentally dropped him."

"Of course," Severus snorted. "I heard a similar story from Avery Senior once. What slippery fingers these pure-bloods have."

Minerva almost smiled at that. It fell quickly. "I went to Dumbledore about it."

Severus scowled. "Let me guess," he said. "Some pitiful story about not depriving poor, darling Augusta of her last remaining piece of Frank. A heart-rending tale about how she could never survive it."

Minerva didn't answer, just stared at her clasped hands. "What do I do?" She whispered. "I don't want to go to the Aurors but... Assaying is illegal."

"An unwise choice," Severus said. "It would be too easy for Albus to make the investigation disappear. And, even if he didn't, they aren't going to prosecute the Longbottoms. Not after what happened to Frank and Alice," Severus tapped his finger against the arm rest and gazed out the window to the Forbidden Forest. "Go to the Goblins."

"The Goblins?" Minerva frowned. "Why?"

"Because Wills are still written under the dictates of Goblin Law and the terms of a Will can still be enforced by Goblins where necessary," Severus tapped his finger against the rest and closed his eyes, thinking through a strategy. "Goblins add a number of if-when clauses to them, especially when the matter of children comes into account. These are included because if an Heir falls under the guardianship of the Ministry then their fortune is monitored by a particularly nasty regulation that confiscates property deemed... undesirable.

"Goblins abhor that regulation and consider it nothing short of theft. As such, if Goblins have reason to believe one guardian unfit to care for their Heir of a Family fortune, they simply read through a large list of possibilities until they find a more suitable alternative. And Goblins are very good at... motivating people to do what the contract dictates, by any means necessary. Frank and Alice might not be dead, but they are in a state which leaves them unable to care for their child. Their Will should have a clause for that eventuality. But be prepared to bring a healthy bribe to the table."

Minerva made a choked noise that sounded between a cry and a laugh. "I do not know if I have the stomach for all this."

Severus lifted a brow at her. "You are the guardian of a pride of Gryffindors, Minerva. Goblins are far more palatable by comparison."

#

There was a coffee table this time. Harry arrived and a pot of tea had been set down there, with two cups and a little letter with 'Young Master Harry'. Scribbled with unsteady handwriting.

Harry smiled when he saw it.

"I was wondering why Jiffy kept borrowing my dictionary," Snape said, pouring a cup of tea. "Perhaps I should buy her one of her own."

"That would be nice," Harry said, as Snape poured out a dash of milk in each cup. "This is very... civilized."

"Not my idea," Snape said. "Jiffy seems to believe we're having 'tea socials' in here. She's not allowed to listen in, just invisibly guard the door, and she doesn't know the topic, so..."

Harry smiled sadly, then picked up the cup with a shivering hand. "I guess it can't hurt to let her go on thinking it."

Snape hesitated. "I suppose not," he said. "Though I had to draw the line at miniature cakes and finger sandwiches."

Harry snorted, trying desperately not to smile but feeling it prickle at his mouth. He stared down at his teacup. "Is it strange that..." Harry hesitated, "that I missed this? Even though we'd never really met before."

"No," Snape smiled softly. "I missed this too."

Harry felt a burn behind his eyes and looked down.

"I, um, think Jiffy might've spoiled me. Hogwarts food is just so..."

"No need to explain. I loathe the cuisine here. British to a fault. There is a reason the rest of the continent calls our food dull. Because it is."

Harry burst with a nervous laugh. "Where did all the fruit go?"

"Or the vegetables," Snape frowned. "Just once I'd like to see a selection of more than just peas and carrots," he said. "At least I can still eat Jiffy's cuisine in the privacy of my rooms."

Harry sighed miserably. "I'm jealous."

"I'll consider this a formal request to your Head of House for more health-conscious meals. Hopefully the House Elves will listen if I drop your name."

Harry smirked. "I don't think I'd ever heard of House Elves that won't listen to a request."

Snape huffed. "They make, and have always made, the same recipes that Helga Hufflepuff gave them when she created the kitchens. Unfortunately, alterations to the menu are considered nothing short of sacrilege to her memory, and they've only been known to comply once in every few hundred years."

"Oh god," Harry shuddered, "a thousand years of Shepherd's pie and steak and kidney pudding."

"The French would consider that a special type of hell," Snape replied and Harry fell apart laughing, clutching his side while his tea spilled on his lap.

When he looked up the Potion's Master's eyes were glittering with grief and joy, a small smile plucking at his lips.

Harry swallowed and blinked away the strange urge to cry.

"How can you still even... look at me?" Snape whispered.

Harry looked down and swallowed.

"Because..." Harry paused. He couldn't quite explain it. He'd thought about it all week, gone over everything he knew. Thought about who Snape had once been. The man he was now. The fear of opening up his heart and having it broken. Still, the hope that he could have someone... a family. Harry didn't want to give that up. Not yet. "I think... I think you're still a good person. I think you..." Harry threaded his fingers together like he was praying, "I think you hate yourself enough for both of us, so I'd like to... give you a chance."

Snape choked on a sad laugh at that. "That sounds like... something your mother would have said."

Harry smiled sadly and looked up.

They gazed at each other for a few calm moments in silence. The prickle of something unsaid beneath them. A decision which would change everything.

Harry pursed his lips. "I want to... take it slow. Go back to the way things were, when we were friends, and maybe try and just... take it one step at a time."

Snape seemed to slump with relief. "I... yes," he whispered. "I'd like that."

Harry looked down, scratched at the back of his hand. "Did the Headmaster... did he make you take the vow after all?"

Snape sat back and breathed. "I am unable to answer the question, but I can say that the old man is rather predictable when you know him well enough."

Harry smiled up at him. "No surprises?"

"No," Snape said with a mischievous grin. "Not at this time, but I suspect he is working on one."

Harry nodded, then pulled out the newspaper clipping, setting it down on the coffee table. "I think Dumbledore is trying to get me to look for whatever was taken from Vault 713. I was there when Hagrid emptied it and I found this on his table when he invited me over for tea."

Snape picked it up and scowled at it. "Hagrid does not strike me as the sort who collects newspaper cuttings."

"No," Harry said. "I think that Dumbledore left it for me."

"Indubitably." Snape licked his teeth and his finger tapped against his knee.

"Why would he want me to find it?" Harry asked.

"That is anybody's guess," Snape said, breathing, "I feel reluctant to tell you too many details, but I can say that the staff were called upon to set up a form of... protection on an item of some incalculable value. Dumbledore did so at the urging by an old friend, the owner of the object, who said it was in danger of being stolen."

"By who?" Harry asked.

"The Headmaster was not forthcoming," Snape said, "but given that they were able to break into Gringotts, I fear them to be a vastly powerful Dark Wizard."

"That seems..." Harry scowled. "Why bring it here? If the thief is so dangerous, then why put the children at this school in danger. Why not put it under a Fidelius in some undisclosed location instead?"

Snape's brows raised. "You've been reading up on the Fidelius Charm?"

Harry bit his lip and nodded. "Uh, I had a conversation with Flitwick in class about the wide applicability of charms and the oldest and most powerful types."

Snape smirked at that. "So that's why he was bragging to me about you being a 'natural student, just like Lily'."

Harry's cheeks felt hot. "Um, yeah, I guess. I just found the theory interesting, that's all. Spell creation and its links to arithmancy, runes and wild magic."

Snape smiled at Harry like he'd never been more proud of anyone in his life. "Your mother was fascinated by it too. I suspect that she would have gone on to do great things, if she'd... if she'd been granted the chance."

Harry pursed his lips, then smiled. "She did," Harry said. "She bested the Dark Lord."

Snape's eyes sparkled with mirth and glee. "That she did."

Harry chuckled, then looked down at his clasped hands. "When you said you didn't know if..." Harry paused, "if you're... my father. Why don't you know?"

Snape was silent for a long time. "Because I had not seen your mother in over a year at the time you were conceived. And it was at a time when... when I was in a very dark place indeed."

Harry gripped his hands and chewed his lip. His mind whirring. "October '79," Harry whispered.

"Yes," Snape said. "It would have been around then, after I..." The man swallowed. "So I doubt that your mother would have so much as looked at me."

Harry swallowed and worried at his lip. He tried to think it all through. Everything that Snape had told him. To search for whatever was missing. To find a clue that could be picked at and unravelled.

'The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches...'

"'Born to those who thrice defied him,'" Harry muttered aloud and a thought snapped into place. "That night... the raid, you said it was a blur."

Snape frowned at that. "Yes."

"Maybe you..." Harry hesitated, "maybe you saw something you don't remember. I was reading about memory spells yesterday--"

"Of course you were," Snape sighed. "Should I even ask where you got hold of a book on obliviation?"

Harry reddened. "Um, by keeping Hagrid distracted at Diagon Alley..."

Snape hummed.

Harry cleared his throat. "Well... I'm right, though. You said the night was a blur, that you had trouble remembering parts of it. Maybe you've forgotten something. Maybe you met my mother there. Maybe..." Harry paused, "maybe you defied the Dark Lord, and you don't remember it."

Snape blinked at that, a curiosity and fear flooding across his eyes. "I doubt I had enough power for independent thought at the time."

"'Born to those who thrice defied him,'" Harry repeated aloud. "If you're really..." Harry hesitated. "If you're really my father, then you must have defied him. Three times. Maybe... maybe, that night, something happened. It was the first time you'd... you'd seen what the Death Eaters really were. Maybe something else happened."

Snape swallowed, pursing his lips. "It is possible, but I find it... highly unlikely."

"But it's possible," Harry urged. "Is there a way to get back obliviated memories?"

Snape stared at him a long time. "Yes," he sighed, "once one has enough knowledge of what might be missing, a skilled Occlumens or Legimens can search for it and pull it back to the surface. Unbury it, so to speak."

Harry sighed with relief. "Then you'll try?" He asked.

Slowly, Snape nodded. "I'll try."

Harry smiled. "Thank you," he said, smiling gratefully.

Snape's returning smile was almost broken-hearted.

#

The next morning, when Harry sat down to breakfast, there it was.

Fruit.

Poached pears and sliced apricots. Bananas and grapefruit, cut to pieces and preserved by a spell. Blueberries and strawberries and maple flavored squash. Cranberries and oranges and plums.

Harry's mouth watered at the sight while the rest of the Slytherin's stared in shock. Then he spotted it, the little pots beside the porridge. He lifted one lid and beamed.

"Compote! Finally," Harry cried, then picked up the rest. "Mixed berry, orange, apple, maple syrup, oh hell yes, peanut butter."

Malfoy smirked at him and raised a brow. "Using your... special privileges for the wellbeing of all, I see."

"Hey, you'll hear no complaints from me," Zabini said, heaping a bowl with yogurt, granola and layers of fruit. "If you can get biscottate added to the table, I'd give you my first born."

Harry smirked and piled in his porridge, mixed it with some yogurt, then added a berry compote on top with strawberries, blueberries, plums and sprinkled pistachios.

Malfoy watched him curiously, then decided that the his choice of meal looked suitably interesting and copied it, with a more deliberate effort to perfect its presentation.

When Daphne arrived at the table, with Tracy, Theo and Bullstrode, she looked as though he'd saved her from some terrible plight worse than death and pounced on the healthier options like they'd be taken away from her.

The new table additions went down like a charm and the Slytherins were all eating swathes of fruit and compote under Snape's approving eye.

The rest of the tables were almost as keen, but he could see several Gryffindors pointedly ignoring the fruit like it was poisoned.

When the papers arrived, Harry grabbed his bowl off the table protectively, to avoid some owl dropping something unwelcome in it, and was eternally grateful that he had when a newspaper plopped on his his place setting with his name tied around a piece of string.

"Finally got yourself a subscription?" Malfoy commented, opening his own. "Thank Merlin, it was starting to look as if you couldn't afford your own paper."

"Uh, yeah," Harry untied the string and spotted the familiar writing in the upper hand corner.

'I hope you don't mind my presumption in returning to our old routine. I found myself missing it. I performed a spell which will conceal my notes on this to all but the intended recipient. So you may peruse at your leisure without fear of others surveilling. SS.'

Harry smiled, something aching at the back of his eyes, and glanced up at the Head Table, where Snape was sipping his coffee. The man smiled a little and nodded faintly in reply.

Harry turned back to the paper and began to read.

#

A House Elf arrived in Severus's classroom once the students had departed for lunch, head held high.

"Professor Headmaster Dumbledore wishes to speak to you in his offices, sir," the House Elf said proudly. "The password is 'Pink Sherbet'."

Then he popped away. Severus sighed and began the climb to the old man's office.

It had been only a few days since the Dumbledore had ordered him there last. A quick, terse conversation which moved more like an interrogation

'Have you approached the boy?'

No.

'Has the boy approached you?'

No.

'Do you intend to pursue a paternal relationship with him?'

If he wishes for one.

The old bastard hadn't been best pleased by that last answer, but there was no point lying to him about it. Better to have that much out in the open, so Severus could see how the old man would react.

When he'd asked if Severus was planning on telling the boy about the prophecy, Severus told him that the boy was only a child and didn't deserve that burden placed upon him, which was true enough. But the old man still made him take the unbreakable vow.

Severus had known the old man would do it, and knew he'd have to choose between refusing and gaining the old man's suspicion, or agreeing and having the Headmaster feel some false sense of control and relief.

"Pink Sherbet," Severus said aloud to the gargoyle, with some distaste and rose through the turret to the office above.

Dumbledore was sitting at his desk, eyes twinkling with false delight as Severus stepped inside. It was immensely worrying.

"Severus, my boy," the old man said, "good to see you, take a seat. I'm having the kitchens bring us something to nibble on."

Severus seated himself in the chair opposite the desk, folded his legs and placed one hand on his knee. "You plan for this to be a long conversation, then?"

"It would be lovely to catch up," Albus said. "We haven't had the chance since term began."

"Indeed."

"Well? How have the new students fared?"

"Only one of them melted their cauldron in their first lesson and there are at least four who aren't complete dunderheads."

"Well, that sounds promising," Albus chuckled. "And how was young Harry's first lesson? I hear he performed admirably."

"Evidently," Severus allowed himself a small smirk. "I spotted him reading the Potions News Section in the Daily Prophet, before class. He has his mother's mind, I'm grateful to say."

Albus's smile turned very rigid, then he chuckled. "Well, James was no dunderhead himself, you know?"

"James Potter was many things."

"That he was," Albus replied, leaning back in his chair. "Have you approached the boy?"

"No," Severus said. "Not yet."

"Why not?" Albus asked.

Severus hesitated. "Because I was not sure what was wise and suspected that you would have certain orders in regards to the matter."

Albus's twinkle died. His gaze turned contemplative for a moment. Then a two-tiered tray of mini-cakes and finger sandwiches popped onto the Headmaster's desk, alongside two plates.

Severus rolled his eyes.

"Oh, splendid," the Headmaster cried, then picked up a plate. "Do help yourself, Severus. I'm quite partial to cucumber sandwiches myself."

Severus sighed and picked up a plate, loading on a small selection of sandwiches and picking at them.

There was a silence as they ate. The old man, however, did not have the sense to hold back until he'd finished eating, as Minerva did.

"Do you truly remember nothing, Severus?"

"Not a whisper."

Albus hummed. "It might be... advantageous of you to try and unpick any hidden memories."

Severus paused, then looked back up. "You think it to be true, then? That the boy could be mine."

Albus stared at him, expression grave, then attempted a kindly smile. "I think it would be best that we had the full facts. I would offer to assist you but I know better than to think you'd appreciate it."

Control. Of course, Severus realized. He hates the thought that something like this could have happened without his knowledge.

"Do you need my pensieve?" The Headmaster asked.

"No need," Severus said. "I have my own." As you know well, since you scoured it yourself.

The Headmaster nodded. "Excellent," he said. "Well, I leave the matter in your hands, then."

"Is that all?" Severus asked.

"Surely you're not that keen to be rid of me," Albus said with a twinkle.

"Simply hoping to get whatever you're plotting out in the open so I can eat in peace."

Albus scoffed at him. "Acrimonious as always," he chuckled. "No, that isn't all. I wanted to tell you that I don't see the harm in you seeking out a more familiar relationship with the boy, if he wishes for one."

"You don't?" Severus frowned.

"No," Albus said. "So long as you understand that he must remain with the Dursleys. The blood wards are keeping him safe, and it is for the best that it remains that way."

Severus lifted a brow and nodded. Silent for a moment. "I understand. May I... keep an eye on the situation? Make certain he is being treated well?"

"There is no need," Albus said. "But feel free to do so, if Harry agrees."

Severus nodded, slowly, sensing a lie. "What else aren't you saying?"

"Not everyone is plotting, my boy," Albus said with a twinkle. "I just want the best for Harry."

* * *
Notes:

    Thank you again for all your lovely messages and kudos! I hope you enjoyed the chapter!

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 13
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

"Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard," Madam Hooch said. "Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet and then come straight back down by leaning forwards slightly. On my whistle--three, two--"

Neville, being scared witless and jumpy, thrust up into the air before the Professor had blown the whistle, swirling into the air, higher and higher, while he squealed and his face grew paler.

"Come back, boy!" The imbecilic woman yelled.

Couldn't the moronic teacher see that Neville was out of control of the broom?

Then Harry watched in horror while the poor boy slipped off the broom and slammed into the ground with a might crack.

Harry's eyes widened and his stomach coiled with nausea.

She just let him fall. Why didn't she cast a spell to cushion it?

"Broken wrist," she muttered, "Come on, boy--it's all right, up you get."

Harry scowled while she forced the poor boy to his feet and turned to the class. "None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing! You leave--"

"Madam Hooch!" Harry raised his voice higher than was probably necessary. "I'll take Neville, so you can keep an eye on the class."

The woman scowled at him. "I think it's ill advised to leave a student with a broken wrist without a teacher."

Harry lifted a brow. "Really? I think its a worse idea to leave a bunch of Slytherins and Gryffindors with brooms and expect no-one else to break anything."

The woman visibly flinched. "How dare you speak--"

"And shouldn't you have enough experience keeping an eye on the Quidditch team to know how to cushion a fall with a tardus charm. Why didn't you use it?"

The woman blushed bright red. "That--that's not--"

"I've been practicing the Stretcher Charm, so I think it would be best that you allow me to escort Neville to the hospital wing myself, so he doesn't have to climb the stairs with a broken arm and who knows what else. Since, apparently, you don't know how to perform basic first aid spells."

Behind him, he could hear the Slytherin's quietly titter, barely holding back their mirth.

The woman went bright red and her mouth opened and closed with shock.

Harry ignored her, just stormed straight over and pointed his wand at Neville. "Erigo!" He recited aloud, and the boy's legs lifted off the floor and his body lay flat in mid-air.

Neville looked unnerved at first, then absurdly grateful. Harry smiled at the boy and began the trek back to the castle with the boy's levitated body floating alongside him. Leaving the humiliated idiot of a teacher behind him.

"Th-thanks," Neville said, when they were out of earshot.

"No worries," Harry said. "Someone had to do something. Can't believe she tried to make you walk. What if you've injured your foot or something too?"

Neville peered at him curiously as they stepped inside and began climbing the stairs, chewing his lip and worrying silently to himself. "You--" he hesitated, "you told Professor McGonagall about my Great Uncle Algie, didn't you?"

Harry winced. A sharp pain slicing through his chest. "Oh, uh, sorry."

"Don't be," Neville whispered, "I'd never really... I thought it was fine, you know. I worried now and then, but when I told people, nobody cared, so I just thought I..."

"Deserved it?" Harry asked. "I know the feeling. People like that are... very good at making you feel like you're the problem," he peered at Neville and smiled sadly.

"Y-you, too?" Neville asked.

Harry nodded. "I was raised by my Muggle relatives. My Aunt and Uncle. They're... horrible people. Tried to beat the magic out of me."

Neville's eyes glittered. "I'm so sorry," he whispered.

Harry shrugged. "It got better," he said. "I got sick and I think they must have worried they'd be visited by the authorities or something. But, after that, things got better."

Neville winced. "I... things were never that bad with me. Gran just... expects a lot from me."

"Like what?"

Neville swallowed and stared up at the ceiling while they walked to the ground floor stairwell. "She expects me to be my dad."

Harry nodded. "That's still not right."

Neville closed his eyes, his face grim. "I know," he whispered. "She's always... comparing me. Criticizing me. Nothing I do would ever be good enough. Even when I do make her happy, she's not praising me for me, she's praising me for being more like him."

Harry's stomach dropped at the thought. "I'm sorry."

A tear slipped down Neville's cheek. "I'm wearing his old robes, you know?" Neville whispered. "And using his old wand. And when I grew out of his old trousers and shirts, Gran yelled at me like..."

Harry reached down and held the boy's hand. "That's not right, Neville. That's not fair on you."

Neville sniffed, then nodded a little. "I've never..." He squeezed Harry's hand, "I'd never told anyone about that. Not 'til..." Neville swallowed. "Gran sent me a letter yesterday, telling me off for getting the teachers involved in 'family matters'. She said that I'd betrayed my father's legacy and just needed to 'toughen up'."

"That's a load of crap," Harry muttered, "you need someone who isn't going to treat you like..." like a replacement for someone else. A poor one, at that.

Neville smiled at little at that, then peered at Harry and whispered, like he was telling a secret. "I... I threw the letter in the fireplace."

Harry smirked and squeezed the boy's hand.

#

Some time after lessons had ended when Severus was having tea in the staff room, Hooch came tearing over to him with her cheeks red and hawk eyes ablaze.

"I have a bone to pick with you," she growled.

"Good afternoon, Rolanda," he said, turning back to his journal. "What did Marcus do now?"

"Not Flint," she snarled, "Potter!"

That comment seemed to gather the attention of the whole room, all the staff glancing over or feigning disinterest with half an eye turned their way.

"Oh?" Severus, turned the page. "Trouble with the first year flying class?"

"Well," she huffed, "if there were any doubt whose blood he was, I've certainly been convinced. Never in all my life have I been so humiliated!"

Severus resisted an urge to smile at that. "Oh?"

"The cheek of that boy! Accused me of negligence and not being capable of basic first aid spells!" She cried. "And have you been teaching him how to sneer?"

"Since I have barely spoken to the boy outside of class, I do not believe so," Severus said, staring at his journal. "And why, pray tell, would Mr Potter be bringing up the subject of first aid spells and accusing you of negligence?"

She her face pinked further. "Th-that's not the point."

Severus hummed.

"The point is, I'm taking twenty points off Slytherin for it and I expect you to give the boy a thorough talking to about how to respect authority!"

"I will see to it that Mr Potter is adequately chided for his behavior," Severus said.

Rolanda harrumphed and stomped away.

Severus allowed himself a small smirk before he returned to his journal.

#

"What do you mean I'm your 'second'?" Harry hissed. "What the hell is a second? And why are duels still a thing?"

"A Wizarding Duel," Malfoy sneered, "is a staple of gentile society. It is what separates sophisticates from mere plebeians and it is customary to appoint a second in case I die during battle, so you can fight on in my stead and avenge my memory."

Harry rolled his eyes and rubbed his temples while they walked to the Great Hall. "What on earth are you thinking? We could get expelled for this!"

"Of course we can't," Malfoy scoffed. "Father is on the Board of Governors, so I'd never be expelled. You'd never get expelled because you're the Boy-Who-Lived, and the Weasel is in Dumbledore's pocket so, unfortunately, he's probably safe, too."

"Why, in Merlin's name, would you duel with Ron?"

Malfoy scowled at him. "He slandered my name and said my family belonged in Azkaban. Then, he said I should watch my back, so I told him that if he were going to hex me, he should do it to my face, instead of waiting til I'd turned around, like a sniveling little coward."

Harry sighed. "So, basically, you goaded each other."

"Well," Malfoy hummed, "I was thinking that I may not even show up. I could tip off Filch instead and get him detention."

"After you called him a coward?" Harry lifted a brow.

Malfoy winced. "Good point," he sighed. "So, you'll be my second?"

"Fine," Harry rolled his eyes and took a seat at the long dining table. "But if we get caught I'm throwing you under the bus. Hard."

"Is that a muggle phrase?" Malfoy asked with a frown.

"It means," Harry said with a brow lifted, "if we get caught, you're on your own. I'm throwing you to the wolves."

"How very Slytherin of you," Malfoy smirked. "Speaking of which..." He said, as he stared over Harry's shoulder.

"Mr Potter," came a familiar, commanding voice. Harry looked behind him and saw Snape hovering with an expressionless facade. "Can you explain the sequence of events which preceded Madam Hooch accusing me of teaching you, and I quote, 'how to sneer'?"

Harry bit his lip while he felt the Slytherin's around him barely hold back wicked laughter.

"Um, well, sir," Harry cleared his throat, "there was an accident during flying class. Neville's broom went out of control and he fell and broke his arm. I might have been a little... unhappy with Madam Hooch for not cushioning his fall and for trying to leave the Slytherin's and Gryffindor's unattended and... trying to walk Neville up to the hospital wing instead of using a Stretcher Charm."

Snape lifted a brow. "And so you decided that the moment called for what Madam Hooch insists was an uncanny impression of me?"

Harry blushed. "S-sorry, sir. I just... lost my temper."

Snape hummed. "Did Madam Hooch leave the class unattended in the end?"

"No, sir," Harry swallowed, "I, uh, used the Stretcher Charm instead and, um, walked Neville to the ward."

"I take it this was not at the Madam's request?"

Harry shook his head.

Snape nodded once. "Twenty points to Slytherin, Mr Potter. For attending to a classmate in need and averting the certain catastrophe that would have occurred at the hands of unattended minors with brooms." He smirked a little while the Slytherin's chuckled. "As far as Madam Hooch knows, you will be having detention with me after dinner tomorrow for back-talk. I will see you in my office then."

Harry smirked. "Yes, sir."

Snape nodded once and walked back to the High Table, where the other Professors were watching carefully. Dumbledore in particular.

Malfoy nudged him. "The old man looks like he's going to have a stroke."

"You should have seen the Gryffindors," Zabini said, grinning. "Looked like they'd explode with fury."

"It was rather exquisite," Pansy said while they waited for the food to arrive. "The Weasel was utterly ashamed. I think you stepped on their toes, you know, coming to the aid of their fellow Gryffindor like a Knight in silver armor."

Harry winced. "I just didn't like her treating Neville like that. Anyone with a brain could see he was out of control of his broom. If she can't look after one student, how the hell is she supposed to keep an eye on twenty of us. Not all of us spent the last ten years learning to fly."

"Neville definitely didn't," Daphne said. "Which is bizarre. You'd think, being from a wealthy pure-blood family, he'd be given a broom at least once for Christmas."

"Probably fell off it," Zabini snarked and the Slytherin's tittered before Harry scowled them into silence. "Merlin, Potter," Zabini said with a shiver, "you've gotta watch that glare of yours, it's a deadly weapon."

#

When it turned half eleven, Harry and Malfoy snuck out the Slytherin Dungeons and up to the trophy room on the third floor.

They crept cautiously through the halls. Harry kept expecting Filch or, even worse, Snape to suddenly pop up out of nowhere and chastise them, but they made it there with time to spare and waited, wandering around.

"This is so stupid," Harry whispered.

"Shh!" Malfoy hissed. "It's not stupid. Wizarding Duels are noble and refined. They're what separate us from beasts."

"Because beasts would never do anything this stupid. They just kill each other and get it over with."

When the door creaked and opened. They heard several hissed voices. One more high-pitched and furious than the others.

When they turned the corner, Malfoy scowled. "I said bring a second, Weasel. Not a third and fourth."

Ron frowned at Hermione. "They tagged along."

"I, uh, got stuck outside," Neville said, wincing, "forgot the new password."

Malfoy snorted and Harry elbowed him. "Why'd you bring the mud-urgh," Harry elbowed him again, "-uggle-born?"

"She wanted to stop us," Dean Thomas said. "Got stuck outside too."

"I wanted you not to waste all those points I got for Gryffindor on this nonsense!" Hermione growled, scowling at Harry, then turned to the Gryffindors, with half an eye on the door behind them, as if waiting for a teacher to come bursting through. "We should go back. Quickly."

There was a worrying air of significance about her tone but if anybody else noticed it, they didn't say anything.

"Look, let's just get on with it," Ron said, gripping his wand in his hand and scowling at Malfoy.

"My pleasure, Weasel," Malfoy sneered.

Behind him, Harry rolled his eyes.

They stepped across from one another and bowed, then lifted their wand and...

Then a noise from the next room jolted them out of their position.

"Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner."

Filch.

Their eyes widened and Hermione made a choked noise in her throat, eyes wide with horror, as if she were immediately re-evaluating all her life choices.

Harry waved his hands to get their attention, then motioned for them to follow.

They tiptoed around the corner away from Filch.

Harry whispered a quick, "Sera!" at the door by Filch and heard him rattle the now-locked entrance, while the large group slipped through to the exit.

Filch was swearing on the other side of the door and he could hear keys clanking and clattering on a chain. Going through the one by one.

Then one clicked in the lock and the group froze.

"They're in here somewhere," Filch muttered, "probably hiding."

Filch walked quickly, getting nearer and nearer as they crept, trying to walk quietly.

Then Neville, white faced with terror, looking as if he were about to be crucified or tortured, made a choked noise, as if being suffocated, and bolted, tripped, grabbed Ron by the waist and flung them both into a suit of armor.

The whole thing crashed to the floor. Clanging like a dozen bells. Enough to wake the dead.

"RUN!" Harry yelled and the six of them sprinted through the walkway, twisted into the corridor and bolted through the halls, ducking and running as fast as they could.

When they got far enough, they slowed. "I think we've lost him," Ron said, gasping for breath.

"I--told--you!" Hermione hissed at him, teeth ground. "I told you you'd get caught! Why didn't you just listen? Do you know how many points we could have lost, why didn't you just--"

Hermione was still tearing into Ron and Dean when a figure shot out a classroom and just ahead of them.

Peeves the Poltergeist, who squealed with glee, cackled as Ron tried to hush him, bribe him, reason with him. Then, the Poltergeist gleefully screamed: "STUDENTS OUT OF BED! STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!"

They dashed. Rushing through the corridor to a bolted door at the end. Ron jiggled it but it was shut. "This is it!" He cried, miserably, envisioning the end of days. "We're done for--"

"Alohomora!" Harry hissed, then the door clicked open and they piled inside, just managing to get clear before Filch tore up to the corridor.

Harry, Ron and Hermione listened in through the door while Dean, Neville and Malfoy made similar choked noises of terror behind them.

"Which way did they go, Peeves?" Filch asked.

Peeves then proceeded to tease and torment the man until he gave up and left, while someone tugged at Harry's sleeve.

"P-Potter?"

"Yeah, I think the coast is clear," Harry told the sputtering Malfoy, "he must think this door is locked."

"Ce-Ce-Cerberus."

"What?" Harry frowned and turned.

A giant three-headed dog. With three sets of piercing, furious eyes and three sets of gnashing, drooling fangs.

Three, identical growls rumbling from three identical throats.

The stumbled out the door and ran. Pelting away like the thing would follow them.

The Gryffindors disappeared up the staircase while the Slytherins tumbled down it and neither Harry nor Malfoy stopped until they were squarely in front of the entrance to the common room, hissing the password desperately before fleeing inside.

Both of them collapsed onto the arm chairs and stayed very still while their breathing recovered.

"Still think that was a smart idea?" Harry asked.

"Who keeps a Cerberus in a school full of children?" Malfoy hissed.

"And behind a door that'll unlock with a second second year charm," Harry muttered. "I bet Snape's tea set has better security."

"Dumbledore is insane!" Malfoy growled. "My father will be hearing about this."

"Really?" Harry lifted a brow. "And you'll be telling him all about why you were breaking into that corridor, will you?"

Malfoy winced.

"Thought not."

"Well, someone's got to do something," Malfoy said. "Why would he be keeping that thing around children?"

Harry suspected it had something to do with the trap door it had been standing on and the missing item in Vault 713.

#

When they arrived at the Dungeons corridor the next morning, outside the apparently locked potions classroom, Harry sidled up to Neville while the Gryffindor hunched in the corner, trying to look invisible.

"Hey," Harry said, "you alright?"

Neville gave him a significant look.

Harry nodded. "Me neither. I had a nightmare about being eaten."

Neville choked on a laugh. "Me too."

Malfoy and Zabini cautiously wandered over, acting natural while the Gryffindor's scowled beside them.

"Ciao, Longbottom," Zabini said. "How's the arm?"

"B-better," Neville murmured. "Er, thanks."

"Glad to hear it," Zabini leaned against the wall on the other side of him. "That Hooch is a menace. Can't believe they left her in charge of a class. Like Potter said, if she can't keep an eye on one student, how the hell does she expect to look out for twenty?"

Neville blushed and his head dipped at that. "H-hadn't thought of it that way."

"Well, it's true," Malfoy insisted. "I don't know why they stick all the first years in classes of mixed ability anyway. It makes far more sense to separate the kids who have no experience on a broom from the ones who do. When I first learned for fly, father hired an expert instructor and cushioned a whole room for me. No wonder you were terrified."

Neville smiled a little at that. "Th-thanks," he murmured.

Harry smiled at his two Slytherin friends and gave them a single nod of thanks, then turned to Neville. "Partner with me in class?"

Neville's eyes went wide. "B-but... I'm useless. I'll screw up your grade."

Harry shrugged. "So? It'll give me a challenge." He smirked and Neville laughed.

"Well, uh... i-if you're sure."

"I am," Harry said.

He'd already spoken to the Slytherin's about it, knowing it would screw up the numbers. Malfoy had thrown a huge strop at first, pouting and insisting that Harry should be his partner in every class because they made the best team. Harry managed to calm the boy down with a few well-timed compliments about how Malfoy could partner with the worst student in class and still come out with an EE or O, so it made more sense for the supremely talented blonde help out Crabbe or Goyle to bring up Slytherin's overall potions grade.

Malfoy didn't quite understand Harry's motivations for helping out Neville but decided to let it go eventually, probably thinking that Harry had some hidden ulterior motive. But, he relented and allowed the switch-up after Harry promised that he wouldn't switch partners for their other classes.

Eventually, they worked out a system, which was why Lavender Brown got approached by Pansy and received a few compliments on her nails and to ask what beauty potion she'd used. By the time Snape had opened the classroom door, Pansy had got a dumbfounded Lavender to agree to partner with her, to even out the numbers.

Snape stared suspiciously at the unprecedented co-mingling of Houses that was taking place in the hall, lifted a curious brow at his snakes and stalked back inside.

Hermione Granger seemed a little relieved to see Neville beside Harry, ready to drag his grade down below her own but still did all of the brewing while her irritated partner, Patil, glared at her for hogging the workload.

They were making the Forgetfulness Potion. Starting with the base. Harry added the two drops of Lethe River water and got Neville to count the twenty seconds while it sat on the heat. Then Harry took it off and Neville nervously added the Valerian sprigs and stirred three times clockwise. Harry waved his wand, since Neville had insisted it was for the best, and they set it on the heat for the next three quarters of an hour, when they'd begin stage two.

Snape wandered over to inspect. "Good work," he said, "now turn to page 265 in your textbook and wait for rest of the class to catch up."

"Yes, sir," Harry said, while Neville seemed to slump with relief at having not messed up yet.

The Professor slid away to inspect the other bases and insult students who'd gotten it "utterly wrong".

Neville shifted away from the cauldron like he was frightened of knocking it over. "Thanks," he murmured, "I would have messed up already if you hadn't been here."

"Don't worry about it," Harry whispered, "and you should give yourself more credit."

Neville snorted. "No, Harry. My Gran was right about that much. I'm clumsy and I'm no good at this stuff. Any stuff, really. Other than Herbology."

Harry peered at the boy. "Have you ever heard of 'Self-Fulfilling Prophecy'?"

Neville stared at him. "Gran says that all prophecies are self-fulfilling."

Harry blinked at that. "Good to know, but I didn't mean actual prophecies. It's a Muggle phrase. It means... someone tells you that you're a particular way and you believe it, so it starts to become true." He opened his book on the right page. "So, lets say someone tells you you're, I dunno, a dunderhead and you're no good at magic. And you believe it, so you get nervous whenever you're about to cast a spell and you mess up. Then, when you do mess up, instead of telling yourself 'oh well, I'll figure out what I did wrong and try again', you see it as proof you're no good at it, give up, and never get any better."

Harry didn't bother mentioning the influence of Neville's general terror-levels of panic was no doubt having on his magic. Heightened emotional states had a huge impact on the control of magic. But he wouldn't help calm the boy down by mentioning it. The poor Gryffindor might just end up panicking about panicking.

Neville's eyes went wide at that, his mouth bobbing open as a realization hit. "I... I'd never thought about it like that."

"You've probably only messed up in the first potions class because you were nervous and forgot to re-read the instructions to check what to do. Don't decide based on that one little mistake that you're completely useless. You've barely even studied potions yet."

Neville smiled a little at that, while his eyes glittered. "Yeah?"

Harry nodded. "Give yourself a chance, Nev. Don't give up hope because of one mistake. Everyone makes mistakes. That's how we learn."

Neville barely held back a laugh at that. "Well then, if mistakes are how we learn, I must be the smartest person in class."

Harry grinned at him. "Exactly."

Neville chuckled and pulled out his notebook.

"If you want my advice," Harry said, pointing to the open page in his notebook where he'd meticulously copied down Snape's directions, "write down the instructions on the board when Snape starts the class. Word for word. It'll help you remember them."

Neville nodded studiously, then grabbed his quill and began to write out the instructions, word for word. He paused after he was finished, chewing his lip. "Uh, Harry," he said, staring at his notebook. "Why did we only stir clockwise? Why does the direction matter?"

"Because clockwise, or deisul, is in the direction the earth's turns. Magical currents move the same direction. So, when you mix a potion in the direction of Magic's natural state, it produces no resistance. But, if you go you go counter-clockwise, or widdershins, goes against the natural flow of magic, and so..."

"Produces resistance," Neville finished aloud. "Like... static?"

"Something like it, yeah," Harry said. "It's the same when you are casting a spell. Getting the right combination of movements that works with and against the natural flow of magic can be the difference between one spell or a completely different one."

Neville's eyes widened as the point hit home. "That makes... sense," he whispered. "Nobody's ever explained that to me before. But, now it makes sense."

Harry smiled. "I'd recommend you take a look at Magical Theory by Waffling, but be prepared not to understand three quarters of what he's talking about. I'm happy to translate when you need it."

Neville smiled at him. "Thanks, Harry."

Snape took them through a theory lesson while they waited for the bases to brew, then started another question and answer session, where a few students other than Harry and Hermione got a chance to answer, despite Hermione's hand being up the entire time.

"Which magical fauna is considered the bane of trolls?" Snape asked the class.

Hermione's hand shot up, once again, desperately standing up in her seat to get the man's attention.

Slowly, beside Harry, Neville lifted a hand. Snape spotted the boy and lifted a brow. "Longbottom."

Neville cleared his throat. "Uh, Puffapods, sir. Trolls are allergic to them."

"Precisely," Snape said. "Two points to Gryffindor. I believe it is time for stage two of your Forgetfulness Potions. Begin."

They split the work between them, Neville painstakingly measured out the ingredients for the mortar, checking his notes a dozen or so times. When the herbs and mistletoe berries were added, Harry crushed them with the pestle into a medium-fine powder. He quietly explained to Neville the difference between medium-fine and fine before they continued.

Neville nervously added two pinches, one shaking hand hovering beneath the other, to catch any sprinkles that fell while he was transferring them. Then, Harry stirred the mixture five times anti-clockwise and waved his wand.

When Snape wandered over to inspect, Neville inhaled sharply and didn't appear to breathe again until Snape straightened and said, "Outstanding work, Mr Potter," then paused and nodded, "and Mr Longbottom. Five points to Gryffindor and five to Slytherin, and another point each for genuine co-operation," then he glanced at Hermione, "some students don't seem to know the meaning of the phrase 'partnered work'."

Hermione blushed bright purple and Patil shot her a dirty look from where she was sitting in silence with arms folded.

Neville blushed with a smile, then peered at Harry teary eyed while Snape walked away. "Thank you," he mouthed silently.

Harry shrugged and smiled back.

* * *
Notes:

    Just wanted to say an absolutely enormous thank you to everyone who has commented, subscribed or sent kudos.

    It's my first time posting my fanfiction online and your reaction has made me wonder why I didn't do it years ago. I hope you liked the chapter and that you enjoy what's coming up next...

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 14
Notes:

    WARNING!

    Attention dear readers, this is where the Graphic Depictions of Violence warning starts to rear its head. In the next few chapters I will start showing some past memories of Severus's Death Eater days and the raid on the Muggle village. As you can imagine, some of them are gonna involve violence, mostly by other characters. (Also, a creepy Voldemort scene or two.)

    I don't like to depict violence for the sake of violence, but it is important to the plot for this event to be shown and I didn't want to cut back on too much. I hope it comes across okay.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

They were walking to the Great Hall for lunch when he heard someone yell behind him, "Harry! Wait up!"

He turned to see Ron Weasley rushing toward him. Malfoy sneered and folded his arms, standing beside Harry like a sentinel. "What do you want, Weasel?" Malfoy snarled.

"None of your business, Malfoy," Ron spat back, then turned to Harry. "Do you have a minute, mate? In private."

Harry nodded. With a look, Malfoy and the others reluctantly left him to it.

"What's up?" Harry asked.

"Just..." Ron shrugged and cleared his throat. "That was nuts yesterday, right? I mean, bloody hell."

"Yeah," Harry said, trying to stay non-committal.

"Well, uh," Ron cleared his throat, "what's up with you and Neville, by the way?"

"He's my friend," Harry said.

"Oh, uh, really?"

"Yeah," Harry folded his arms. "We have some things in common. Why? You got a problem with Gryffindors being friends with Slytherins?"

"No! Course not!" Ron barked, then winced. "Look, sorry I ain't been saying hi, or whatever, I just, you know... I guess it was a surprise and all... the... Slytherin thing."

"Yeah, sure," Harry said. "No worries."

"I am worried about you, though," Ron said, swallowing hard, "with all this stuff with... you know, Snape. I don't want you getting hurt."

Harry nodded. "I've heard the rumors, too."

"They ain't just rumors, mate," Ron whispered, stepping closer, "he's a Death Eater."

"Was a Death Eater," Harry corrected. "He turned spy. Dumbledore said so himself in front of the entire Wizengamot."

"He only turned spy in the end," Ron said, "and probably only to hedge his bets, you know. He made a lot of the spells the Death Eaters used, you know? And he was totally devoted to You-Know-Who."

"If he is that bad then why did Dumbledore hire him to look after a bunch of teenagers," Harry said, frowning.

Ron choked on his words at that, frowning as he tried to think of a reasonable excuse. "Uh, well," he stammered, "he must've wanted to keep an eye on him."

Harry hummed.

"Look," Ron lowered his voice again, "I know you must want family, after all this time. And I can see why you'd like to think Snape could be that for you but... he killed people, Harry. Tortured them. And some of the Death Eaters did stuff to... you know... to women. What if he--"

"Stop," Harry said it quietly, but it dripped with an authority and venom that made Ron shudder.

The Gryffindor hesitated, then steeled himself, like he was trying to gather up the courage to do what needed to be done.

"N-no, I n-need you to listen, Harry," Ron said, swallowing hard. "This is important."

"You really need to shut your mouth now, Ron," Harry said, slowly reaching for his wand and gripping it tight.

"L-Lily would never have cheated on James, especially not for a Death Eater. So, it might not have been con-consensual--"

Harry whipped out his wand and stabbed it at the boy's throat. "Shut your fucking mouth."

Ron's eyes widened and his mouth fell open. He froze, utterly silent and slowly paling to a sickening white, while Harry breathed and occluded, desperately trying to clear his mind, to fold away the fury. A sickening nausea roiled in his throat.

He really wanted to hex the stupid bloody Gryffindor with something vicious, something he'd picked up in Curses and Counter-Curses, that would leave the boy bedridden for the rest of the day.

His mouth itched to utter the incantation, his hands shaking with fury. His hand burning with the urge to cast a hex. But Harry forced himself to occlude, instead.

If he made Ron into an enemy, the stupid boy might spread that crap around Gryffindor in retaliation. And when he thought about the words Ron had uttered, the actual phrasing of it, a slow realization flooded him.

Slowly, Harry lowered his wand, glaring at the boy. "If you dare start spreading disgusting crap like that around, I will ruin you. Understand? Ruin you."

Ron swallowed and slowly nodded. His hands shivering. Eyes wide.

Harry turned and walked away. His mind reeling.

He knew it was lies. He could tell that much from the reverent way Snape talked about his mother. The way he'd helped people, even through his worst mistakes. Even when he'd done despicable things, he always held Harry's mother in his heart, cherished her lost friendship. Missed her 'like a limb'.

He wouldn't have hurt her like that, so that wasn't the hideous realization that made Harry's mind reel.

When shocked him most, was the words Ron had used. Referring to his mother and father as 'Lily' and 'James'. Using a word like 'consensual'. Something Harry doubted Ron would think to use without prompting.

Scripted, Harry realized. Like someone told him what to say.

Harry turned it over and over in his mind all through lunch, watching the Head Table cautiously out the corner of his eye.

#

Minerva sat beside him during dinner, looking drained. Pale and worn, as if someone had bled her half-dry.

"Rough day?" Severus asked, helping himself to a lamb steak and the varied selection of vegetables he'd managed to get added to the tables. He was grateful to see his snakes had taken to them as much as Harry had.

"You could say that," Minerva huffed. "I received a formal complaint about favoritism in your class."

"Already?" Severus asked. "I thought they'd hold out for another week, at least."

"Very amusing," Minerva rolled her eyes. "The student insisted that her potion was brewed to the same quality as her Slytherin counterpart's, but you awarded him points but none for her."

"Ah, Miss Granger, I presume." Severus rolled his eyes.

"I thought you'd know better than to allow yourself to fall foul of such blatant favoritism, Severus. Especially with the current state of the rumor mill."

"No, Minerva," Severus said. "No favoritism. What Miss Granger has failed to tell you is that she received no points because, though the work was in pairs, she refused to allow her partner to contribute for fear it would reduce the quality of her potion. Thus robbing her partner of valuable brewing experience. Meanwhile, Mr Potter partnered with the worst student in class, divided up the work fairly and coached the boy through the stages he was uncertain of."

"He did?" Minerva's brows lifted.

"Yes," Severus said, "and I awarded equal points to Mr Longbottom for his outstanding efforts too. So I dare you to still call me prejudice."

Minerva startled at that. "Neville Longbottom brewed an outstanding potion, in your class?"

"He did," Severus pierced a broccoli stem, "Mr Potter seemed to be coaching him a little. I overheard a small pep-talk about 'Self-Fulfilling Prophecies'."

"All prophecies are self-fulfilling," she said by default, then paled as his words sank in, "he doesn't know about..."

"No," Severus stopped her. "It is a Muggle phrase for a phenomena when someone is told they are a failure so often they start to believe it, and so they unknowingly cause it to become true."

Minerva blinked. "I'd not heard of that, but it certainly seems accurate enough."

Severus hummed and nodded. "Speaking of a certain Gryffindor..."

"I've set up a meeting, Saturday afternoon," Minerva muttered under her breath. "At Gringotts. I'd rather appreciate some coaching if you have time."

"I'll meet you in your office, tomorrow after breakfast."

"Thank you, Severus," Minerva sighed in relief.

He nodded once and began his meal, grateful when she allowed him to eat in silence. Quirrell often seated himself beside Severus, asking incessant questions and cautiously pressing for details on Harry.

It was more than frustrating. It had quickly slipped into deeply worrying, especially when he'd spotted the teacher lingering around the forbidden third floor corridor.

He didn't trust the man. He'd always been suspicious. Just quiet enough and timid enough that people didn't pay attention. But when he'd returned to Hogwarts after the year abroad, he'd returned with that old stutter of his. And that absurd turban.

Severus knew what a real stutter sounded like. The man was faking. And Severus wasn't sure he would like the reason of why.

When Severus finished his meal, stood and said a polite farewell to Minerva before fleeing to the solitude of his office.

It was another fifteen minutes before Harry knocked on the door.

"Enter," he called and the boy swept in, then spotted the chocolate soufflé Severus was eating his way through.

"So that's why you didn't stick around for dessert," Harry smirked as he closed the door and stepped over to the seat on the other side of Severus's desk. "Prefer Jiffy's?"

"Undoubtedly," Severus said. "The school desserts are sickeningly sweet. I've always been more of a fan of dark chocolate. Something with a little bitterness better suits my palate."

Harry smirked at that and shook his head. "That doesn't surprise me."

"Would you care for one?" Severus asked.

"Yes, please," Harry grinned.

"Jiffy?" Severus called and a dessert and spoon popped on the other side of his desk.

Harry beamed and leaned forward. "Best detention ever."

Severus smirked and they ate together in silence for a while. He found himself intrigued to note that Harry, like him, didn't care for idle chatter while he ate. Especially when eating something worthy of his full attention and appreciation.

"That was fantastic," Harry sighed as the dishes popped away. "Thanks, Jiffy." He called aloud.

"I'm sure she's just grateful to get a chance to help. She's been rather lacking in work at the moment."

"So she wrote," Harry said, "I was thinking of getting her a present or something. An embroidery kit or knitting stuff."

"I suppose it might give her something to do," Severus said. "I'll buy them for her."

"You will?" Harry smiled.

"Yes," Severus said. "There's only so many times she can clean our homes top to bottom until she's driven mad. Maybe I'll give her some cloth to fashion into new robes."

"Isn't giving clothing, you know, like freeing her?"

"Clothing, yes. Cloth, no. Most Wizards simply hand over pillowcases now, but there was a period of time where it was customary to grant House Elves new cloth to fashion into clothes at least once a year. It was considered a very poor household indeed that did not have a tidy and well-groomed House Elf, capable of sewing their own clothes."

Harry's eyes widened at that. "Really? Maybe I should hint at that to Malfoy. His House Elf was looking... unwell."

"Yes," Severus breathed, "he was. But I'd avoid the topic, if I were you. It would be far too easy for him to take offense."

Harry sighed and nodded. "Listen, there's... There's some stuff I need to tell you. But, uh, you're gonna get mad."

Severus raised a brow. "Mad with you or mad with someone else."

"Uh, both."

Severus hummed.

"Can you, uh, promise not to give anyone detention for this if I tell you? Keep it secret. Pretend you never heard it and find some... other way to get back at them?"

"I suppose," Severus said. "I'll begin occluding. Proceed at your leisure."

Harry swallowed and nodded. "Okay, uh, first," he licked his lips, "Malfoy and Ron Weasley arranged a Wizards Duel last night."

Severus rolled his eyes.

"Yeah, I know," Harry winced, then blushed, "it was stupid. He made me his second and I went along. A few people arrived with Ron, because there was a mix up. But, anyway, Filch arrived and we ran, trying to get away. We... We ended up in the forbidden third floor corridor."

Severus straightened.

"Were fine!" Harry lifted his hands. "We got out without being hurt, but..." Harry frowned suddenly, "I only needed to use a Alohomora to get in. That just... doesn't seem secure, considering what is inside."

Severus hesitated. "What do you mean?" He frowned. "What was inside? I'm assuming you don't mean the... Artifact that Dumbledore is hiding."

Harry's eyes widened. "You... don't know?"

Severus shook his head. "The Headmaster has never been particularly forthcoming with his plots."

"Oh," Harry swallowed. "Uh, well," he winced, "there's a Cerberus."

Severus blinked. "A... A Cerberus?"

Harry nodded.

"There is a giant, three headed-dog lurking within a school full of children, hidden only by a single, unwarded door."

Harry slowly nodded.

Severus's head fell into his hands and he closed his eyes, breathing while he desperately occluded.

I will not murder Albus Dumbledore.

I will not murder Albus Dumbledore.

I will not murder Albus Dumbledore.

He took another deep breath and looked up. "Continue."

Harry chewed his lip and nodded. "O-okay, well, um," he looked down, "so, that happened, but we were fine. And then, after class today, Ron came up to me. Said he was worried about me. About... me getting my hopes up with you. Went on about the Death Eater thing, the creating dark spells. But..." Harry swallowed, hard, "there was one thing he said that... made me think he was coached."

"Coached?" Severus lifted a brow. "You think someone put words in his mouth?"

Harry nodded. "He called mum and dad 'Lily' and 'James'. That felt more like..."

"Dumbledore," Severus sighed. "I see. So that is why he was being so generous about allowing me to seek a relationship with you, if you wished it." Severus cleared his mind again and nodded. "Very well, what did Mr Weasley say, exactly, that caught your eye?"

Harry fell silent. Pursed his lips like he was trying to keep the words in.

Severus's spine tingled with a terrible foreboding.

"What did he say?" Severus repeated.

Harry hesitated another moment. "I know its not true. I want you to know that first. I know you'd rather have died than do that. But--"

"Harry," Severus said, firm.

Harry swallowed. "Consensual," he breathed. "He used the word consensual."

Severus felt sick.

I should murder that old man, Severus thought to himself. For the good of us all, for Harry, I should poison him. Poison him with something slow and agonizing.

Severus closed his eyes.

To have a mere child, in his stead, accuse Severus of rape, to Severus's own child. There was a special place in Hades for those kinds of people.

What made it worse, what made it so sickening he could barely breathe, was that it was Severus's worst fear. It was what kept him from plunging into the memory of that raid, looking for inconsistencies. Looking for the buried truth.

The fear that he'd betrayed Lily.

Betrayed her in the worst possible way he ever could.

Then obliviated himself so he didn't have to live with what he'd done.

Severus clutched his hands on the desk and breathed, barely noticing how much he was shivering until he felt Harry's steady hand on his back.

He looked up into Harry's kind green eyes.

"You didn't do it," the boy said, with a certainty that made Severus's throat burn.

"Y-you don't know that," Severus choked.

"I do," Harry whispered. "I do know. Because..." He paused, then reached for Severus's hand and squeezed, "even if you were capable of sinking low enough to betray her like that... I think... I think you would have killed yourself for doing it."

Severus felt tears slip free as Harry held his hand, squeezing tight. Severus wrapped his around Harry's hand in turn, clutching for dear life while he silently begged to all the gods that would listen that the boy was right.

Please.

Please.

Please.

#

After promising to help Neville out with some Magical Theory and Potions revision, Harry started spending his afternoons after class in the Library, either doing homework or quietly explaining stuff to his Gryffindor friend when he got stuck.

The rest of the Slytherin's joined them more often than not, easily accepting Neville into their group when they realized the he was an outcast in Gryffindor. It probably helped a bit that he was from a well-respected pure-blood family, but Harry tried not to think too much on that.

Neville started reading Magical Theory by Waffling, as Harry had recommended, determinedly keeping a dictionary next to him and getting clarification off Harry when something didn't make sense.

He even started to take an interest in the subject when he realized it explained some of the variables with Herbology class. Why some times of the moon cycle were more significant than others and why magical plants grew better on some spots when they didn't have better soil or superior growing conditions.

"You know," Neville whispered to Pansy one day when they were seated at the table, "a lot of this stuff reminds me of, you know, the old holidays."

The girl straightened at that. "It does?"

"Well, yeah," Neville said, pointing to a passage in the text, "he clearly says that certain points in the year have magical surges because of their position around the sun. He's subtle about it, but..."

The Slytherin's eyes all widened eagerly. "Do you..." Malfoy lifted a brow. "Do you know much about the old holidays?"

Neville winced and shook his head. "My Great Aunt Enid does, I think. She talked about it with me a few times, but my Gran shut that down quick. She calls it Dark Arts and says some pretty nasty stuff about anyone who even talks about the old celebrations. So, we always celebrated the Christian versions." The Slytherin's seemed rather disappointed by that announcement, then Neville continued. "But she said a lot of hateful nonsense when I was growing up, so I recon I should take it all with a pinch of salt."

Zabini smirked at that. "Good for you, Longbottom."

Neville blushed a little.

"What are the 'old holidays'?" Harry asked.

The table startled at that. "Oh, of course you wouldn't know," Pansy said. "I forget sometimes that you're... you know..."

"Muggle-raised?" Harry asked with a smirk. "Glad to hear I'm fitting in."

"The old holidays were those celebrated by our ancestors, before witch hunts and Muggle prejudices forced them into isolation," Daphne explained. "Samhain, Yule, Ostara, you know... the original Wizarding celebrations."

"And then, of course," Malfoy sneered, "the Muggle-loving Ministry decided it was 'Dark Arts' and restricted any hint of a traditional holidays until most were forced to stop the old celebrations altogether or go underground."

"They're illegal?" Harry frowned.

Neville nodded. "For about a hundred years now."

"Longer," Pansy said. "They might have been legal before then, but they were terrorizing practitioners for at least another century before that. Some ended up in prison."

Neville's eyes widened. "I... I never heard about that."

Theodore Nott leaned forward, just barely looking up from his book. "You won't. They don't talk about it. Just like they destroy all the books they can find on the old ways."

A realization hit Harry. "They're classified as Dark Artifacts. So they'll be taken, too, if the Minister gets his new Muggle Protection Act raids through."

The table looked up at that. "You read about that?" Zabini asked.

Harry nodded. "I mean, they made it seem like nothing, just a way to protect muggles, but it's obviously a way of pushing through warrants on the estates of suspected dark families. Sounds like they've been trying to do that for over a decade."

Malfoy nodded, staring at him curiously. "Well noted," he said. "It's also a blatant money grab and a way of regulating knowledge."

"They wouldn't seriously stick people in Azkaban for having books on the old holidays, would they?" Neville asked. "I mean... they're just looking for the really awful Dark Arts stuff."

Zabini lifted a brow at the boy. "No, Longbottom. They're looking for excuses to stick people in that hellhole. And they're lining their pockets while they do it. You know what happens to cursed artifacts that are seized by the Ministry? They don't destroy them. They get a team of curse-breakers to fix them up and then sell them off at international auctions."

Neville's eyes widened. "That--that's so..."

"Yes," Pansy said. "And people wonder why, after hundreds of years of animosity, being hunted down by the Ministry and terrorized for their beliefs, the traditional families were enticed in when someone preached they'd bring an end to it. That's why."

Neville paled, then swallowed and straightened. "I'd rather not talk about that."

Pansy winced and her cheeks pinked. "Oh, yes, uh, sorry."

Neville nodded and went back to his book.

Harry cleared his throat and stood up. "Just going to grab something," he whispered to Neville, checking he wasn't too nervous about being left alone after that little awkward conversation.

The boy smiled at him and nodded. "Okay," he said.

Apparently the Gryffindor was made of stronger stuff than Harry expected, because he didn't seem very bothered by it.

Harry walked over to the Library catalogue and began to flick through the cards for the one he wanted, Greatest Potioneers of the 17th Century. He wandered through the stacks, looking for the right spot when he saw Hermione.

The girl had hidden herself at the back of the library with a genuine mountain of books. Several giant towers of them walled her in while she hunched over, scratching away at parchment.

Harry sighed and walked over to the spot where his book should have been shelved, but it wasn't there. Neither was half the shelf, in fact. As if someone had picked them all up and hoarded them onto their desk.

Harry's shoulders sagged and he closed his eyes, occluding before he turned with his best friendly smile and walked over to Hermione's desk.

"Hey, Hermione," Harry said.

The girl jerked, eyes wide, then her brows furrowed. She began rolling up her three foot essay as if he'd try and plagiarize it. "What do you want?"

"Uh, well, I was wondering if you had a copy of Greatest Potioneers of the 17th Century there with you. It's not on the shelf."

Hermione scowled at him. "I'm using it."

"Alright, well, when you're finished I'll be on the table over--"

"I'm checking it out of the library, actually," Hermione said, nose lifted.

"Oh?" Harry said, swallowing down the urge to let his brow lift in the expression that Zabini had dubbed 'The Eyebrow of Doom'. "Well, I just need to quickly check a reference for my Potions essay. I wanted to add an anecdote about the Potioneer who invented the draught, but I can't remember the details. I'll only need it for twenty minutes. Would you be able to lend it to me for a bit?"

"No," Hermione folded her arms, seeming smug.

Harry pointedly did not let his facial muscles so much as twitch. "Why not?"

Hermione smirked. "I'm not helping you steal the top spot. You've already got it easy with Snape giving you special privileges. You'll get no help from me."

"Help?" Harry frowned. "You think allowing other students fair access to the library collection is help?" The girl's cheeks pinked. "And as far as special privileges go, getting points for not hoarding all the work to myself because I don't think anybody is as exceptional and talented as I am is not a special privilege."

The girl's whole face turned red. "That--I'm not like that!"

"Aren't you?" Harry said, then 'The Eyebrow of Doom' finally lifted. "You're convinced that I'm trying to deliberately show you up, aren't you? That I'm trying to steal the top spot in school from under your feet."

"Well, you are!" Hermione cried.

"No, Hermione," Harry said, folding his arms, "there's a difference between wanting to do your best, and wanting to be the best."

Hermione's mouth opened and she choked. "I--You--Y-you're the same!"

"No," Harry said. "I really don't care if you do better than me in class, because I have better things to do than worry about grades. I'm here to learn the best I can and I judge myself by my own definitions of success. So, even if I got marked down on every subject on a technicality, I wouldn't care, so long as I do well by my own definitions. You," Harry sneered, "you just want to feel superior to everyone else. Be the smartest, best student, most loved by all the teachers and, apparently, you're willing to tread on everyone else to get there. You sound more Slytherin than me, right now."

The girl purpled. "Th-that's not true! I am not!"

"Really?" Harry asked, folding his arms. "So you didn't tip off Filch to find us that night?" He asked. Hermione choked and several gasps behind Harry tipped him off to the fact the Slytherin's had crept over to listen in. "You didn't try to get us caught and robbed of House points? That's not why you were so determined to get Ron and Dean to stay behind?"

Hermione suddenly became very pale. Eyes wide and teary. She didn't say anything.

"Thought so," Harry said, then wandered over to her haul of books and found Greatest Potioneers of the 17th Century. After he pulled it out he gave her rolled up potions essay a derisive look. "A word of advice. When Snape says twelve inches, he means twelve inches. Give him a three foot essay and he'll just mark you down for wasting his time."

Then he turned on his heel and stalked back to the table. The other Slytherins scrabbled into places with flushed cheeks.

After a little while, Malfoy finally spoke. "I can't believe that little know-it-all tried to set us up."

Harry smirked. "And she had the same idea you did."

Malfoy paled. "Oh, Merlin," he whispered, utterly horrified, "I'm... predictable."

Harry snorted and went back to reading.

#

Harry didn't get much time alone with Neville now that the other Slytherins were hanging around, so the boy didn't get around to telling him the news until the Friday potions class.

"They found someone already?" Harry repeated, shocked. "That was quick."

"Yeah," Neville shrugged, "my Gran's still refusing to give up custody but, well, the Goblins are taking care of it so I don't think she'll hold out 'til summer."

Harry snorted. "No, I don't think so. So, who's the possible Guardian?"

Neville smiled. "One of my mum and dad's old Auror friends. Kingsley Shacklebot. He was a little further down the list of possibilities but, well, a lot of options are either dead or out of the country. I've not met him yet, but McGonagall knows him. He sounds nice. He accepted the offer to take Guardianship really fast, too."

"That's great, Neville," Harry said. "Congratulations."

Neville smiled. "I've thought about sending him a letter, you know. Say hello. But... I'm a little nervous."

"You should do it," Harry said. "Go for it. You're a Gryffindor, after all."

Neville chuckled.

Snape came over shortly after and awarded their potion an 'exceeds expectations', with a point each.

After they separated for lunch, the Slytherin's started prodding for information, having apparently listened in to every word like the nosy bastards they were.

"So... what's this about Guardianship?" Pansy asked, piercing a vegetable on her plate.

"None of your business," Harry said.

"Does Dumbledore know?" Malfoy asked.

"Haven't a clue."

"Why are they going through the Goblins?" Zabini asked.

"None of your business. Stop asking questions."

Zabini scoffed at him and saluted, "Yes, Professor Snape."

Harry rolled his eyes.

"He's alright, isn't he?" Daphne asked, with some genuine concern in her eyes.

Harry hesitated. "He's... better."

The rest of the table seemed to take that as the most they were going to get and changed the subject.

#

Severus had forgotten how young he was back then. Fresh-faced as a babe. Nineteen years old. An adult in name only. He'd only just stepped out into the world, and he was already ruining it.

Beside the older Death Eaters, the Dark Lord's innermost circle, all mingling with their masks in hand, Severus looked like a child who'd borrowed his grandfather's cloak.

Lucius stood beside him, only seeming older than Severus because of his stature and poise. No sign of hesitation or fear in his gait. Now, looking back, from the clarity of his pensieve, Severus wondered how much of it was bravado.

"Are you sure you're ready?" Lucius asked.

The present Severus walked around the memory, observing his younger self shiver, pupils dilated from weeks of 'Dark Arts training'. He could feel the hum of it, even from the memory. Almost taste it in the air.

The brat nodded, shifting in place like something prickled incessantly at his skin.

Severus remembered that feeling. Being so delirious on the dark that he could feel it tingling along his spine, across his fingers. Itching through him. Like the dark was goading him into plunging deeper into it.

He'd long since become numbed to that. Only the truly heinous spells had this effect on him anymore, and never as addictively as this.

"I'm ready," his younger self said, and Merlin even his voice was adolescent. Barely even a whisper of the dulcet tones it would one day become. Shivering with the anxiety to please.

Lucius seemed less certain, but then his eye fell on the figure approaching behind them. He nudged Severus and bowed low, prostrate on the floor with the rest of them, the boy hastened to do the same.

"Up, Severus," the Dark Lord whispered, voice honeyed with false affection and pride. Severus slowly rose, standing straight and making a convincing attempt at confidence, but he remembered the mix of terror and awe that mixed whenever the Dark Lord acknowledged him.

The man's features were starting to degrade by then. It would grow still worse in the two years yet to come, but back then there was still a lingering phantom of the handsome man this monster had once been.

The Dark Lord smiled proudly at Severus and touched his cheek. Like a father sending his dearest son to school.

It sickened Severus to see it. The manipulation.

The monster knew what Severus longed for, more than anything. What he craved most of all, in his heart.

Love.

And he manufactured it to con Severus into absolute subservience. Into obedience. Into becoming a follower that would die for him.

And he fell for it.

Hook, line and sinker.

Young and naïve.

"You are ready, Severus," he said, like he was bestowing a gift upon him, then lifted the mask in his other hand and set it upon Severus's face. Around him, he could see the other Death Eaters bristle with envy. Bellatrix most of all. "You know what you must do, today. How you must earn your place in my highest ranks."

"Yes, my Lord," Severus dipped his head and held a hand upon his heart. "It will be an honor."

The Dark Lord set one hand upon Severus's shoulder and his smile fell. "Do not disappoint me, Severus."

The boy looked up. "Never, my Lord."

He'd believed it, back then. Truly meant it. With a certainty that only a child feels. Absolute and unthinking.

"Imbecile," Severus hissed, watching that memory of himself, his stomach broiled at the thought of what was about to come.

When the Dark Lord nodded and stepped away, Lucius moved forward to take Severus's arm.

He had no Dark Mark then, not for another few hours, so he could not follow the call of the Mark, the way the other Death Eaters could.

He knew nothing about where they were going and wouldn't for another few years, when he looked back over the events that had shaped his life. Back then, it was just another Muggle town where Muggle-born and half-blood 'filth' hid away.

The Death Eaters swept up in black smoke and Severus disappeared with it.

They arrived in a whorl of black. Walking about an old square, surrounded by houses on all sides, were three Muggles. Two screamed and one fled. None of them escaped.

One was flipped up by their ankle, hanging mid-air while a vicious spell whipped him.

Another was caught with an Avada, quick and merciful.

The last was not so lucky.

Crucio.

Hit again and again while the Death Eaters rushed to the houses surrounding. The Muggle's screams of pain rang out like a chiming bell.

Lucius grabbed Severus by the arm and dragged him to number six. There was a flower-bed outside, beside a Muggle garden gnome, with blooming aconite and asphodel surrounded by a warded fence.

Lucius took the lead, unlocking the door and slamming inside. Their target was already half-way down the stairs when they broke in, and sneered when he spotted them. He had a black night robe and mousy brown hair licked with silver.

"Stupefy!" The old potioneer yelled, but it bounced off Lucius's shields as if he'd cast nothing at all. "Incarcerus! Petrificus Totalum!"

The man dashed for the exit as he cast. He was buying himself time. Knowing he was outmatched. He simply kept them on the defensive, so they could not cut him down where he stood.

Severus lifted his wand and concentrated, trying to well up the fury and dispassion within. Tried to rid himself of any remaining mercy and humanity. His hand was shaking as it rose.

"Avada Kedavara!"

The older man flinched. There was a faint blink of green light from Severus's wand.

Then nothing.

A silence fell as the implication hit.

He'd failed.

The older man's hesitation was what cost him. He gazed up at Severus as he realized what had happened, and Lucius dropped his shield to cast.

"AVADA KEDAVARA!"

Bright green light, emerald and deadly, hit their target with full force.

He was dead before he hit the floor. Soul departed before he could even flinch.

Severus's hands were shivering as Lucius whirled on him and stabbed his wand in the boy's chest.

"I told you," Lucius snarled, "I said you weren't ready."

"I--I am."

Lucius scoffed and twirled away. "I won't lie for you. You didn't kill the man, but we can leave out why. But you've got to find someone else tonight, or..."

There was a shivering breath behind Severus's mask, his shaking hand clenched around his wand. "Okay," he whispered. "Thank you."

"Get out," Lucius growled. "I'll grab what we need."

Severus nodded and twirled away, out the door.

When he stepped through it, it was like walking into Hades.

He'd almost forgotten, as he watched the memory play out in sickening detail, what burning flesh smelled like.

Avery Junior loved to conjure Fiendfire. To chase his victims with it through their homes. Severus witnessed it, as the war drew on, but this was the first time he'd seen it.

Heard it.

Smelled it.

The screams. The stink of charred plastic and chipboard. The stench of death and dark, twisting through the air.

Smoke and magic.

He watched himself stumble, hand clutching for the wall of the house as he saw a Death Eater chase a woman into the square, then hit her with a cutting curse that knocked her to the ground. Then cast a Crucio.

Severus remembered the fleeting urge to help her that he'd had to stamp down. And the sense of failure that welled in its place, for failing to destroy all his remaining mercy for these so-called 'beasts'.

He wanted to Crucio the frail fool of a boy that he'd once been. Tie him up where he stood, trembling, to prevent what he'd soon become.

But he couldn't, so he watched while the boy staggered down the pathway, through the torrent of pain and panic, while men, women and children fled and screamed, so desperate to run they barely noticed him when they rushed past.

He walked through the square, clutching his wand, lifting it, once or twice, with a shivering hand, to cast a spell and lacking the nerve.

He had forgotten about this. Just how man missed chances he'd had. How many Muggles raced past him. How many time he began to cast a Crucio or a Killing Curse and stopped. Or failed.

His quaking grew more pathetic as time went. His failure and dread more and more despicable.

He walked to the edge of the square, where a side-alley led behind.

Then something changed.

Like someone grabbed the memory by its arm and twisted it.

Then, he was running.

"Prohibere." Severus commanded the memory and it halted.

He looked around.

The center of the square.

He was no longer at the edge, walking towards the side-alley, but in the center. Running past the bodies of the dead and mutilated. Running directly across to a house opposite. The house of the Muggle he'd killed.

Severus licked his lips and his heart picked up.

Obliviated.

There was a section missing. A section of memory gone.

"Revertere," he commanded, and the memory flickered and sped backwards, back until just before the shift. "Incipere."

He watched it once more. His shivering footsteps toward the alley beside the house, he listened more carefully, to the sound of a fight, of spells being fired back and forth. Voices almost buried within the din of suffering.

Then the memory twisted again and he was in the center of the square, running.

He watched for a moment longer, then he heard it.

The scream.

Severus watched as the boy he once was froze, then ran faster toward the house.

"Prohibere," he called, and the memory halted.

Breath tight and harried as he stared.

It was as if a giant hand had seized him by the chest. Then squeezed.

He had been running to the house before he heard the scream.

He'd already been heading there.

And someone had Obliviated the reason why.

Severus clenched his fists and swallowed. "Exitus!"

He gasped as he pulled free of the pensieve, clutching his chest like his heart had given out.

A tight, twisted feeling clenched in his chest.

A horrifying glimmer of hope.

Insidious and terrifying.

* * *
Notes:

    Hey everyone!

    Hope you enjoyed it. For anyone worried about Ron's comments at the start, they're in no way true, I just want to get that across now.

    With that said, thanks again for all your lovely comments! I hope you have a lovely week.

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 15
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Something was happening on Monday. The Slytherin's were acting stiffer than usual, exchanging odd coded 'looks' and whispering amongst one another.

When Harry was reading the paper, Malfoy rushed to pull Snape aside when the Professor entered the Great Hall. The boy started to speak but Snape held up a hand and shook his head, said one quiet word and swept over to the High Table.

"What was that about?" Harry asked Malfoy, when he returned to the table.

"Nothing," Malfoy said, acting nonchalant, but Harry could smell a lie.

He started on his breakfast, adding greek yogurt and orange and ginger compote to his porridge, then spotted something curious out the corner of his eye.

Parkinson slipping slices of apple from the table into a handkerchief.

It was strange, by itself, but when he pretended he wasn't paying attention he spotted Nott doing the same. Then he watched as Zabini and Malfoy filched blackberries. All of them hid what they'd taken in their napkins and stored them away on their person, as if this was all perfectly normal.

Harry stowed the information away and ignored it.

He managed to pull his bowl out the way before the owl dropped his Daily Prophet in it, then opened it wide to see the the Minister standing gravely at a podium with the headline: MINISTER CALLS FOR SHUFFLE OF EMPTY WIZENGAMOT SEATS.

Harry frowned at the headline, a bad feeling churning in his gut. He could tell this was a very bad sign, even without Snape's comment beside it: 'I'll be interested to see if you figure out his angle on this.'

He read on as the paper supported the Minister's position, claiming that the empty seats were being left to rot when they could be bestowed to members of the Ministry. It sounded reasonable enough, but it never quite explained who the Minister was planning to have fill the seats, or why they should be granted them.

Harry suspected it would be a matter of who the Minister liked best and who towed the line best. The way the man had phrased it made it sound as if he had some kind of right to take possession of empty seats, which Harry wasn't certain he did. Didn't the Wizengamot vote on these things?

It was only when he remembered the Minister's push for greater investigative power for Dark Artifacts, that Harry finally figured out why the Minister was doing it.

He's using it to push through votes for more Ministry power, Harry realized. So he can vote to search dark-aligned houses for Dark Artifacts.

He gazed up at the High Table and looked at Snape, who seemed to take one glance at him and realize he'd figured it out. The man smiled at him proudly, then nodded.

Harry's lips twitched smugly, then he turned back to his paper. He pulled out his history notebook and scrawled out as much information as he could. Every last piece, then scrawled together a list of details he could about the last few significant headlines from the Minister and things he needed to look up.

"What are you doing?" Malfoy asked, leaning forward to try and peek.

"Nothing," Harry smirked, then Malfoy rolled his eyes and got back to reading his own paper.

He scrawled through the rest of the paper with an eye for something in particular, checking the Financials for signs of Ministry influence, checking the letters to the editors for revealing information.

He found one small item, mentioning another Ministry raid in 1903, which he noted down.

Their first class was History of Magic and while everyone else slumped in their chair, ready for a good old nap, Harry was wide awake, eager to begin.

He waved a quick hello to Neville as he wandered in late with the rest of the Gryffindors. All of them, except for one.

Hermione arrived one minute before class started, rushing through the door with her hair, robes and bag dripping wet.

Harry heard a chuckle around him. Harry turned to see Pansy Parkinson exchange a gleeful look with Lavender Brown. Harry had a horrible nausea coil in his stomach as he watched both Gryffindor's and Slytherin's alike snicker at the girl.

Hermione kept her head down, teeth clenched, then slammed her book-bag down on the table with a mighty thump. She was pointedly not looking around, eyes dipped and shoulder's hunched.

Binns floated in sleepily, eyes already glazed with boredom. He didn't bother reading the register. He never did. It was pointless, since he couldn't even pick up the sheet of paper.

Harry wondered how he read their essays. Did they have NEWT students marking them? That seemed a little unethical, but he'd never seen any paid teaching assistants collect their papers.

"Good morning class... today we'll be continuing our lecture on Emeric the Oddball... no, was it Uric the Evil... no, it was..."

Harry lifted up his hand and waited, patiently, for the ghost to notice. Then, after five minutes of the man droning on about jellyfish hats, Harry finally realized that he was never going to notice Harry.

"Sir," he called.

"Yes, Mr Prince?" The ghost asked.

"Uh, it's Potter, sir" Harry cleared his throat, "I had a question about the Wizengamot."

"We don't cover the Wizengamot until second year," the ghost replied blandly.

"I know, I just read something in the paper about Wizengamot seats. I was wondering if the--"

"We don't cover the Wizengamot until second year."

The Ghost said it without any inflection. Like he was reading from a list. It was a little unnerving.

"I, uh, I know," Harry frowned, "I just wondered if the Minister really has the power to reshuffle Wizengamot seats. The Wizengamot predates it, doesn't it? And they seem like mostly separate entities, and I thought--"

"We don't cover the Wizengamot until second year," the ghost replied, blinking placidly.

Harry frowned.

Harry had a horrible thought as he watched the sleepy Professor float back to his seat.

It was like the Professor was reading from a script. Harry didn't know much about ghosts, but he'd read something about some being 'trapped' in loops. Repeating themselves until the end of time. Over and over again.

How long had this been going on?

Was this really the best that Hogwarts could come up with for History of Magic Professors? A ghost stuck in a year-long loop, who couldn't even grade papers or change the curriculum.

"Sir," he asked, cautiously, "what do we cover in second year, when we cover the Wizengamot?"

The ghost blinked at him, mindlessly, then replied. "We cover its creation and the famous Chief Warlocks through history. Then we will move on to how it helped forge the Statute of Secrecy and the Ministry of Magic."

Harry paused. "Do we ever cover the actual running of the Wizengamot? You know, what their powers are, how membership is chosen and the extent the Ministry has influence over it?"

"Why would we cover that?" Professor Binns asked, genuinely confused. "This is History of Magic, not History of Magical Politics."

Harry frowned. "Because we should know about the office and council that governs our lives, including our rights and our laws, and we should know how it works. The Ministry--"

"Mr Prince, we have more important things to cover."

Harry raised a brow. "Really?" He said. "Self-stirring cauldrons, jellyfish hats and soap blizzards. That's more important?"

Binns scowled at him. "Ten points from Slytherin, Mr Prince. I won't have that kind of backtalk in my class. Now, where was I... Oh, yes, one rainy day... in January, I believe... or was it February... No, January... One rainy day in January, Emeric..."

Harry scowled at the Professor and grabbed his notebook, then proceeded to ignore the lesson altogether in favor of writing up a list of material to search for in the library.

#

After a two hour History of Magic session, in which Harry completely ignored Professor Binns in favor of scouring his textbooks of the day for information on the Ministry, Harry had one hour of Herbology and then Lunch.

In the hall, Harry grabbed a sandwich and ate quickly, watching curiously as he noticed several of the other Slytherins doing the same.

"You're in a hurry," Harry said to Malfoy.

The boy shrugged. "Need to finish up my Transfiguration essay," Malfoy said, easily. "Lost track of time."

"Oh," Harry said with a hum, "I'm headed to the Library, we can go together."

Malfoy just barely flinched at that, cheeks reddening. "That's okay, I left it in the Dungeons. I'll finish it there and see you in class."

"I'll come with you," Parkinson said.

Nott said nothing, just got up to follow. He didn't talk much to begin with, really.

Harry thought about investigating but his mind was elsewhere, so he finished up his meal and headed to the Library.

He asked the Librarian for advice on where to look and she gave him some tips. By the time Neville was walking over to join him for their mutual free study period, Harry had gathered quite an impressive haul.

"Wow," Neville said, finding a clear spot at the end of the desk. "You're, uh, looking a little like Hermione with those leaning towers of books you've got there."

Harry smirked at him briefly, then turned back to his book, copying out the passage word for word. "If anyone wants to take a look at volume one through sixteen of the Wizengamot code of conduct, I'll be happy to hand them over."

"Um, no, thanks," Neville smiled a little. "What sparked this, then?"

"Hard to explain," Harry shrugged. "Kind of just got the urge to dive in to some research."

Neville nodded. "Well, can you at least tell me why the Slytherin's are sneaking around to pick marigolds?"

Harry froze, then looked up. "Marigolds?"

Neville nodded. "And thistles. Plus, I saw Nott sneaking some mugwort and yarrow from the greenhouses. Would have been caught if I hadn't distracted Sprout."

Harry smirked. "You sneaky little Gryffindor. Please tell me we're not corrupting you."

Neville chuckled. "Um, well, as far as my Gran is concerned, going clothes shopping would be corrupting me."

"Sounds like a plan," Harry said with a smile. "They're being weird today. Haven't decided if I should say anything or leave them to their sneaking."

Neville nodded, then his eyes widened and a realization flooded his face. "Oh, of course..." He grabbed his bag and pulled out his now-battered copy of Magical Theory by Waffling, turning to a page in the middle that had been scribbled with notes. He read it through and gasped a little.

"What is it?" Harry asked.

The Gryffindor turned the book and tapped his finger along the small note in the center of the book, underlined in pencil.

'Though the flow of magic is ever fluctuating, there remain consistent patterns of flux during several points in the year. Some of these are the point in the year when the night is at its longest (December 21 or 22), the point in which the day is at its longest (June 20 or 21), and the points in the year when the night and day are of the same length (March 20 and September 22 or 23).'

September 23rd. That was today.

"The autumn equinox," Neville murmured.

Harry's eyes widened. "Of course..." Harry whispered. The old holidays. "But... they could have told us. We don't care about that stuff."

Neville winced. "From what I can tell... traditionalists had to become very secretive about their..." He waved a hand instead of finishing the sentence. "I recon they're not allowed to tell us. Their families will have banned them. And I can see why they wouldn't want to go against that decision. It's too big a risk."

Harry sighed and nodded. "I suppose," he winced, then he remembered Malfoy wandering over to Snape that morning.

Snape knew...

He must have been helping them somehow. Helping keep it unnoticed.

Harry imagined what it would be like to sneak around, trying to practice your beliefs in secret, because even a hint to the wrong person could ruin you and everyone you loved.

He and Neville exchanged a look, then returned to their work.

#

Harry pretended not to notice Malfoy, Nott, Parkinson, Greengrass and Zabini slip off while he sat on one of the desks in the Slytherin common room.

He pretended not to notice a quarter of Slytherin slowly and casually disappear through the entrance.

There were a few who stayed behind. Tracey Davis and Millicent Bullstrode stayed. Crabbe and Goyle, too. They were busy throwing chess pieces at one another and Harry guessed that they didn't much care for old ceremonies and traditions. Or maybe the others just made an executive decision not to trust the two of them with secrets that could get them all expelled, or even locked up.

Almost everyone who left for the Equinox was part of a pure-blood family, or the half-blood heir to an old family. There were few Muggle-raised sorts anyway, in Slytherin, but none of them seemed invited, even among the older years.

Harry supposed it made sense. After that long being persecuted, you'd go underground. You'd conceal your practices from anybody that could possibly out your secrets to the authorities.

Slytherin loyalty was worth a lot. The snakes looked out for one another. Kept each other safe. But there was no sense handing someone information that could be used against them.

Harry wondered if Snape had thought about asking him along, whether he'd debated whether to do it. But, he could see why he didn't. It was obviously not just his decision. He probably would have to go get permission from other practitioners. Many of whom would still fear he'd become Dumbledore's golden boy.

Harry stayed late, reading through The Wizengamot Codes of Conduct, writing notes on the stuffy old books and trying to decode legal jargon written half in Old English. He didn't even notice the time pass.

His focus was only interrupted when he felt a hand on his shoulder. "Harry?" Malfoy lifted a brow. "Have you literally not moved an inch in three hours?"

Harry blinked and looked around at the slowly emptying common room. "Uh, I guess."

Malfoy rolled his eyes. "You're as bad as a Ravenclaw. Come on, I want to play exploding snap."

Harry nodded. "Just let me finish up one last thing. I'll be there soon."

Malfoy pouted and huffed. "You have ten minutes, then I'm calling an intervention."

Harry snorted and nodded, beginning to pack up his books.

#

Visiting this place was like prying open a healing wound. Painstakingly picking it apart just as the flesh had begun to knit back together.

Most of the houses had been rebuilt. The same spots where the fiendfire had burned their previous occupants alive. There were some that hadn't been touched by it, but seemed to have been razed to the ground after the night. As if to cleanse it of the memory the raid.

The street was much familiar, in a twisted, eerie sort of way. Like looking at a beauty glamour and knowing of the grisly scarring that lay underneath.

There was one significant change, beyond all the cosmetic efforts.

A statue.

She stood in the center of the square, facing toward the house where the girl and her father had been murdered.

The statue's hair curled down her back. Wild and free.

She was forged of bronze, but Severus imagined her hair to be like Lily's, and her eyes the same piercing green, like a Killing Curse.

A Celtic beauty.

She was silhouetted against the twilight, as the streetlights shone like the fiendfire in the encroaching darkness.

The statue wore scars on her face. One on her cheek. One below her eye. Wounds from battle. Her expression hard. In one hand she clutched a spear. The other hand she lifted as if about to cast a spell. On her shoulder sat a raven.

The Morrígan.

The Goddess of battle and war. And fate.

It was a surprisingly traditional choice of memorial. One he'd not expected to see in an area ravaged by Dark Wizards, who sometimes gave offerings to her at alters before battle.

There was something almost defiant about it. A refusal to shy away from the face of war. To look her in the eye. To acknowledge and remember her.

Many of the residents in this little hamlet were Muggle. Severus wondered what they thought on the statue. It didn't appear to be glamoured.

Severus wandered past the spot where he'd seen a Death Eater strike a woman down, almost twelve years ago exactly.

He stood there for a moment, feeling an unsettling urge to fall to his knees and pray forgiveness to whatever spirit or deity would listen.

His gaze slid to the house across the street. To number eight. Where he'd stormed inside and found the girl. And her father.

His mouth tasted like bile when he turned and walked away. Followed the same path he had taken that night, as best he could recall. Winding through the streets, remembering the townspeople fleeing for their lives.

He remembered standing in front of this house. Number sixteen. It hadn't looked so splendid as this back then. It had been blasted apart by spells that night. Dirt and brick everywhere, splattered with blood. A yawning great hole in the small house.

He stood in the same spot he'd been when he saw it. The Alley. Then he closed his eyes and he plunged into his occlumency locus. His hidden temple, where he concealed every memory of his life. Inside the protection of an imagined figment of Hogwarts Castle.

He'd started learning Occlumency at Hogwarts. When he was alone, with few acquaintances, if any, to distract him. He would wander the halls, memorizing the place. So, when he was left with the decision of where to make his Memory Palace. The choice was an easy one.

He wandered through the dungeons of his mind, his hand brushing the cold walls as he walked.

This was where he hid his worst memories. Inside the stones of the dungeon walls. Plunged so deep in his mind that only he knew where to find them.

He could almost feel the chill of his home as he walked. He could almost hear his feet tap against the fabricated stone floor. He stepped until he found his destination. The first right turn. The third stone along.

He pulled it free and felt himself plunge into the memory, almost as easily as a pensieve.

Then, he stood once more among the chaos and terror of that night. The bleak night sky licked by flames and pierced with screams.

He opened his eyes and felt himself walk, half-submerged in the memory, half-aware of the empty square in which he stood. He stepped where he'd stumbled, all those nights ago, eyes trailing to the side-alley he'd been headed.

What had drawn his eye, he wondered. He couldn't quite remember that. He couldn't remember why he'd been compelled there. Maybe by a desperation to escape. Maybe something else.

He followed the same staggering steps toward the opening of the alley. Half his mind submerged in the screams of terror that accompanied that night.

He walked until the memory jolted and swirled, then he swept it to the back of his mind and concentrated.

The alley was walled off by two neighboring houses. Worn paint and plaster chipped away from the brickwork, sprayed with graffiti.

Beyond, at the end of the walkway, he could see the overgrown grass of a field or park. Darkening as what little remaining of the sunlight dimmed.

Severus walked. Through the battered alleyway, past the now-greying walls, littered with profanities. There was one patch of wall that made him stop.

One patch that had been left pristine, whether by choice or by magic, except for one message, scorched onto the wall, by a furious and bitter magic.

'Numquam cede, numquam obliviscar.'

Never yield, never forget.

Next to it was a familiar symbol. The lightning-bolt. Or, as Severus preferred to think of it, the Sigel rune.

He wondered if it was a later addition.

The phrase read like a call to arms. A battle cry. Severus found himself wondering, whether a survivor of the night wrote that, or just a wizard or witch who'd visited to grieve lost love ones.

Numquam cede, numquam obliviscar.

When he lingered, he felt it. The thrum of protective magic around it. Wards. People had been adding to it as they passed. Keeping the message from being tarnished. Protecting it from all that sought to destroy it.

Severus swallowed and bowed his head to it, settling a hand over it and granting the wards a touch of his magic.

He felt his magic seep into the wards like an offering.

The quiet pulse of power as they strengthened, like a small thanks.

He lowered his hand and lingered there for a moment longer.

Never yield, never forget.

Then he pulled back and turned away. Turned toward his destination.

It wasn't unfamiliar.

There was something about the open field and the distant church that prickled at his mind. He imagined standing here, as he likely had.

Heart pulsing with fear.

Hands shivering in shock.

He had heard voices, that night. Spotted the light of dark magic. A duel. Enemies fighting to the death.

There had to have been Death Eaters here. And someone else. Severus almost dreaded the answer of who. But, even still, he closed his eyes and he focused.

He swept back into that memory of the night. The memory of him stumbling through the square, sickened and unmoored. He focused on the moment his gaze flicked from the chaos and terror around him, to the alley.

He focused on the stumbling first steps he'd taken toward the alley, drawn by something. To the voices. To the magic. To a feeling. Then, when he felt the twist and pulse of the Obliviation, he pushed.

It felt like trying to force a boulder from the mouth of a cave. Even the first press of his magic against the Obliviation barrier was draining. The weight of it forcing him back again the minute he tried.

He gasped for a breath and clutched his head.

Whoever had cast the spell had taken special care to ensure it wouldn't slip free. Obliviation this powerful was rare. And whoever had cast it had definitely worried that Severus would be capable of uncovering it.

Still, he grit his teeth and closed his eyes.

He stepped back to the barrier. To where the moment he stepped toward the alley. The moment preceding the lost memories.

Then he pushed.

The twisting sensation curled around him, trying to force a jump, to the moment he'd been running through the square, but Severus moored himself and dug in. He pushed with a mighty swell of power, focusing on the image of the field in his mind. Focusing on the image of a Death Eater, lobbing curses at their enemy.

Focusing, until he felt something slip free of the occlusion.

The wave pulsed at him and he saw it.

Four figures.

Two in Death Eater masks and two hidden in forest green cloaks.

He saw a glimpse of someone hidden behind one of the figures in green cloaks. A small arm. Short and delicate.

A child.

Then he was thrust out. The barrier slamming down once more with an echoing force.

Severus felt like he'd suffered a blow. His head pounded with a nauseating pain. Dizzying and unsettled.

This was harder than he'd ever experienced. He'd been obliviated more than once and had always prided himself with how easily he had unpicked their efforts.

A Master Occlumens should be able to easily reveal a hidden memory once they had realized where it was and what it might reveal.

But this felt more like trying to push through someone else's memory. Like trying to push through...

Severus felt a snap and everything began to make sense.

An Occlumency barrier.

It was an Occlumency barrier, constructed around the memories. Hidden away so deep that he'd never found it. And then the memory had been obliviated to ensure that he wouldn't look.

He'd obliviated himself.

And he'd gone to such lengths that unveiling it was like performing Legimency on a skilled Occlumens.

Of course it was.

It was precisely what he was.

But the concept was almost terrifying. He'd created a whole new branch of Occlumency to perform such a feat. A new application of the art which he'd never read of or heard of before.

But every Occlumency barrier had a weakness. Somewhere that only those who knew the subject well would know how to exploit. And Severus knew exactly where to press.

He closed his eyes and pictured her.

Lily.

He pictured her and he dug himself back into the memory, into the small glimmer he'd seen. Of four figures locked in battle.

He focused on Lily.

On her eyes.

Her hair.

Her lips and her skin.

He wrapped her memory up in the love and happiness, sorrow and regret that crept in whenever he thought of her. On every sweet and bitter emotion he'd felt since they'd parted ways.

Then he gripped at the barrier, and pushed.

* * *
Notes:

    OH WOW! I can't believe this story already over a thousand kudos! Thanks again for everyone who has commented, subscribed or added kudos. Every single one of you make my day.

    For now, I'll be trying to update on Friday and Monday nights, but I might go down to once a week at some point in the future, as my progress is slowing down a bit lately. Keep any eye on the chapter notes for a heads up, I'll keep you posted.

    Have a lovely weekend, my darlings! 😘

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 16
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Snape had obviously tried to protect him from the worst of it. They landed in a long alleyway between two houses, facing the field ahead, while Harry could hear the torment and terror of people fleeing behind.

Screams and cruel laughter. Peeling through the night air. The crackle of fire and magic.

"Do not turn around," Snape reminded him. His tone as hard as stone.

Snape said it almost a dozen times after he'd reluctantly agreed to let Harry enter the pensieve. Each time, he said it with the same firm tone that bordered more on terror than anything else.

He'd not wanted Harry to see this. He argued against it, but Harry had begged.

It wouldn't be long before the Headmaster would being doing the same. Stepping through Snape's memories like he had a right to them. Harry didn't like the thought of the old man being privy to anything he wasn't.

Harry kept his eyes ahead, where a figure in a black cloak and skull mask staggered past them. He clutched the wall as he went, his hands shivering and his breath loud.

Something clenched inside Harry's chest.

"You?" He asked.

The Professor nodded. "Me."

"Why were you so..."

"Terrified?" The Potions Master stepped to follow his memory. "Because I had just failed the Dark Lord. Failed to perform the Killing Curse. Failed to muster the killing intent necessary for it. And I knew what would happen if I didn't complete my task."

"Task?"

The Professor was silent a moment, then his said in a voice so quiet it was almost drowned by the screams behind them. "To kill a Muggle, or a Muggle-born."

Harry inhaled. The thought of the man being given such an order...

"An initiation?"

The Professor nodded.

This was before he was marked, then. Before he became a true Death Eater. Before he entered the innermost ranks of the Dark Lord's army.

The young figure of Severus Snape stumbled through the alley, knocking glass bottles away as he moved toward the field. Hand clutched around his wand as he moved. Clinging to it.

There were voices ahead, shouting spells in quick succession. Harry could see magic bursting in greens, purples and pure whites. Strained, desperate voices chanting one spell after another. Back and forth.

They stepped through the mouth of the alley and Harry saw them. Four figures. Two Death Eaters and two figures in green cloaks.

The green cloaks were a few steps apart, surrounded on both sides by the Death Eaters, desperately holding them off while their enemies lobbed dark curse after dark curse.

"Avada Kedavara!"

"Avis!"

"Crucio!"

"Protego!"

"Sectumsempra!"

The shorter of the green cloaks snapped their wand and the light of a Crucio faded. Cracked away like the person was batting away a fly.

As the green cloak moved, Harry spotted an arm, peeking out from behind them, clutching at the fabric like they were clinging on for dear life. Trembling.

A child.

"Bombarda!" Cried one of the Death Eaters, and the spell slammed into the dirt beneath the green cloak. Mud sprayed in great clumps and hitting them in the eye and forcing them to flinch away. "Expelliamus!" The green cloak's wand spun away into the Death Eater's hand. The Death Eater gripped it, then lifted their own. "Crucio!"

"No!" The green cloak beside cried, trying to move to his companion's aid but being knocked back with a Flipendo.

The Crucio hit the disarmed fighter with wretched effect. The green cloak fell to the floor, the girl behind them dropped to their side, crying out and clutching at them as they quivered and screamed.

The Death Eater prowled forward, wand raised. "I'm going to enjoy sending you back to Dumbledore," the Death Eater growled, "piece by piece."

"LILY!" The other cried.

Then the hood of the fallen warrior slipped away and Harry saw her.

Long auburn hair. Pale, freckled skin. Her eyes the fierce green of a killing curse.

The Death Eater's wand rose, ready to end her life, but a scream tore out over the wretched cries of madness behind.

"AVADA KEDAVARA!"

The Death Eater fell, tumbled to the floor without a breath of life left in his body.

The incantations of his compatriot silenced.

Lily Potter's eyes lifted to the figure by the alleyway. Glittering and astonished. Mouth parted as if she were about to speak his name.

The remaining Death Eater twisted, wand raised, toward Snape. "TRAITOR!"

"Stupefy!" Yelled another voice and the Death Eater fell. The other green cloak didn't pause. His wand raised toward Snape and--

"JAMES, DON'T!"

Snape and James stood still, wands raised. The taste of magic words on their lips. Itching through their veins.

There was a prickling quiet, as the screams and howls of the townspeople behind them iced through the silence.

It felt like one spark could set them off. The slightest flinch or flick of their wand hand.

Then a whimper stirred them both from their stand-off.

The little girl was shivering, trembling. Harry's mother sat up and curled her hand around the girls shoulder, hushed and soothed her. "I know, I know, we'll keep you safe," she whispered, her eyes flicking back to Snape, then to Harry's father. "James. You should take her to safety."

"No way," the man growled, pulling down his hood. His eyes were alight with something desperate and fearful. "We're both going to get help."

"James--"

"He's right," a trembling voice added. They looked up and turned to Snape.

Snape's wand had dipped by then. Shivering. His head bowed, like he couldn't stand to look at her.

"You should leave. If you go up against them alone, they will surround you and capture you. You--" he halted, "you don't want that to happen."

There was a pause, then a desperate cry rung out behind them, jolting them. The sounds of someone dying in the square behind.

Lily straightened, firm in her resolve.

"I can't leave," she said, standing and gripping the little girl's hand. "She has a sister. I can't just--"

James cut in. "I'll go."

Lily shot him a glare. "I don't need your protection, James. You know that, of the two of us, I'm the most likely to survive. I'm here for a reason."

James grit his teeth, closed his eyes. "I'm not letting you run into that bloodbath!" He cried, eyes glittering. "I can't lose you like that! We should--"

"Which house?" Asked a firm, quiet voice.

Lily looked up at him, expression open with shock. James Potter looked as if Snape had grown another head. They watched him cautiously, then Lily swallowed. "Severus--"

"If I go... to save the child," Snape's voice grated like glass, "you must promise to leave. Now. Do not return when you fetch the Order."

Lily's eyes glittered and she blinked them away. Beside her, James's mouth opened and he drew in a breath. A look of something like... gratitude flooded through James Potter's eyes.

Slowly, Lily nodded. "O-okay," she whispered.

Snape nodded in return. "Tell me the house."

Lily licked her lips and drew in a shaking breath. "Number eight." Snape nodded once and turned. "Thank you."

The man paused, glancing over to the fallen Death Eater. He hesitated a moment, gripping his wand in his hand, then stepped over and lifted it.

"Obliviate!" He cried, then turned back to the alley and fled.

Harry felt his body being tugged away, like something had pierced his chest and was dragging him upwards.

He gasped as they resurfaced in the quiet of the hidden classroom. The man beside him straightened, clutched the transfigured table and breathed, then walked over to the armchair.

Harry clutched a hand to his chest. "I... I was right..." he whispered. "Those who thrice defied him..." Harry looked over at the man. "That was once--"

"Twice," Snape corrected, gaze more solemn than Harry expected. "I betrayed the Dark Lord's men, when I'd sworn loyalty to him and his Death Eaters. Then I aided the Dark Lord's enemy, helped them to escape, when he'd ordered us to capture or kill Dumbledore's Order members, if we had the chance. I defied his commands twice."

"One more," Harry said. "One more act of defiance."

"Yes," Snape whispered.

Harry paused, watching the slumped man in the armchair. "Why aren't you...?"

"Happy?" Snape looked up and his eye glittered. "Because I hid this from myself, Harry. I concealed it deep in my mind, in the hopes I'd never find it," he closed his eyes and breathed, "I've spent a decade thinking Lily died hating me. And now I..." Snape clutched a hand to his heart like it was breaking.

Harry pursed his lips and swallowed, then reached forward and clasped the Professor's hand. "You saved her life," Harry whispered. "And if you hadn't..."

Snape opened his eyes and nodded, then clasped Harry's hand in his own. "We'll find the truth," he said. "I promise. You--" he stopped, "we both deserve the truth."

Harry smiled and nodded.

Snape then hesitated and straightened, as if packing away all the uncertainty and pain beneath layers of Occlusion.

"Speaking of truths," he said, his hand slipping into his pocket to pull free a letter. "I've arranged a meeting with a certain bottom feeder."

Harry raised a brow and read through the letter, scowling at the name on the bottom. "Rita Skeeter is blackmailing us?"

"Of course. It's what she does," Snape said. "It appears that Ms Skeeter has been angling to get an interview with you for some time, but you have not responded to any of her letters. Her recent... hints at the more unpleasant way in which things could go for us both, have been her way of baiting the waters until she can find proof."

"But I never received any letters." Harry scowled at the letter. "Someone's tampering with my mail."

Snape nodded. "A mail ward is easy enough to set up. Gringotts offer the service as standard with their wealthier vault accounts. Mostly to redirect malicious mail and Howlers. Since you are somewhat renowned, I suspect the Headmaster set up a more comprehensive mail ward for you."

Harry winced and nodded. "Makes sense. I did wonder about that when I first went to Diagon Alley."

Snape raised a brow in askance.

"Um," Harry cleared his throat, "let's just say that the reaction of the eager public made it clear I should have got fan-mail at some point."

Snape smirked, then hummed.

Harry cleared his throat. "So, uh, how are we dealing with this?"

"Well," Severus leaned back, "the mail ward will have to wait. We will need to find an angle with Gringotts later. It is likely that your account manager is in Dumbledore's pocket, given that your key has not reached your hand yet. Gringotts is a beast we will have to tackle once we know the truth of your... your conception. If we go there sooner, the Goblins will ask for a blood examination to test your identity. If you are not legally recognized as James Potter's son, by blood or otherwise, you may be locked out of your accounts.

"Right now, we will need to decide upon what manner of relationship we will foster with Ms Skeeter. She may be loathsome, but it would be useful to have someone from the Prophet in your pocket. When faced with a situation such as this, one must ask oneself whether to choose the carrot or the stick to motivate the target." When Harry stared in confusion, the man elaborated. "Bribery or blackmail."

"Oh," Harry said, rereading the letter. "Well..." he looked up at Snape. "Why not both?"

A smirk slowly crept along the Potions Master's face. "That can be arranged."

#

That Tuesday was the day of Harry's health check up with Madam Pomfrey, which was just as well, because he'd just come out of Defense and really needed a pain relief potion for his head.

The Matron fussed over him when Malfoy dragged him in complaining about how Harry was like this every week and wouldn't listen to him when he said he should come see her.

"It only happens in DADA," Harry said, "it's not a big deal."

"Frequent migraines are not a small matter, Mr Potter," she chastised, waggling her wand at him. "You should take better care of yourself."

"I do," Harry insisted, "just ask Malfoy."

Malfoy huffed and nodded, admitting that Harry was the one who got extra fruit and vegetables added to the tables. Madam Pomfrey looked at Harry as if she were thinking of hugging him.

He was glad she didn't.

"You have no idea how pleased I am to hear that, Mr Potter," she said, with a glitter in her eye, "I've been nagging those House Elves for years to get more healthy options added to the menu. Children should not survive on Pumpkin Tart and Treacle Pudding." She ushered him toward the bed. "Now lie back and I'll begin the scan. Mr Malfoy, thank you for escorting him. He should be back down for dinner."

A white light hummed from the tip of her wand like a Lumos and she pulled a slip of parchment into the air, tapping it once and then watching as it floated beside her, filling up with information.

She hummed and nodded, seeming pleased enough. "Looking very healthy, Mr Potter. Very healthy indeed. I'm seeing peak condition nutritional data here, too, which is rare for a first year who's been a month at Hogwarts, where they can apparently guzzle all the sugar they desire."

Harry pursed his lips to stave off the urge to smirk.

"Well... this is strange," she said, frowning at the chart, "there's quite a few poorly-healed breakages here, several years old... far more than average. I'm afraid I will need to bring this to Professor Snape. We might even need to reset some of them."

"It's nothing, really," Harry said. "I fancied myself a bit of a daredevil growing up. I was a bit astonished I didn't end up in Gryffindor, to be honest with you."

The Madam rolled her eyes and shook her head in dismay. "Even so," she said. "I'd rather you had a conversation with your Head of House. I'm not seeing any other indications of suspicious injury, but if there is anything at all that you need to share, Professor Snape is an excellent listener and has more experience dealing with these things than likely any other Head of House in Hogwarts history."

"R-really?" Harry said. "But... he's not even been here that long. I mean... compared to some of the Heads."

Madam Pomfrey sighed and nodded sadly at that. "That is correct," she said. "However, a mixture of factors, including the after-effects of the last war, have caused a spike of detected abuse cases within the effected families."

Like Neville Longbottom.

Though, the Madam probably meant more along the lines of Death Eater families.

It would take a man with nerves of steel to take an abused child away from a Death Eater family. And a willingness to play very dirty to make it happen. It could start a blood feud, if handled improperly. But Harry suspected that Snape always found the most utterly Slytherin ways to perform his feats of Gryffindor-level heroics. It was, after all, what he'd done to save Harry from the Dursleys.

Harry felt a warm swell of pride in his chest, at the thought of all the children Snape had saved. At all the people he'd helped, in utter secret, with no expectation of praise or acclaim. Knowing that it would be more likely to make him enemies, and then doing it anyway.

"Other than that, Mr Potter," she said, "you're the picture of health. There's perhaps a lower than average muscle mass, so perhaps you could spend more time exercising and less time reading," Harry's cheeks reddened, "but it's nothing too serious."

Harry cleared his throat. "Er, thanks Madam Pomfrey."

"My pleasure, dear," she said, "come see me again if that migraine persists. That's an order."

"Oh. Yes, Ma'am."

She nodded firmly then softened again and leaned closer to whisper, "and if you can some more vegetarian options added to the school menu, I will very much appreciate it."

Harry smiled. "I'll see what I can do."

#

The Headmaster insisted on witnessing the full memory. From the moment that he'd been granted his mask by the Dark Lord, to the moments after he'd tortured the dead girl's father and returned to the Death Eater base.

Severus tried to refuse to witness it. But, the old man insisted. "You should not run from your past, Severus," he said. "It is the only way we grow."

Merlin, he hated this man. Hated him for his every condescending manner. Hated him for trying to turn Harry against him. Hated him for pretending to be a friend, then stabbing him in the back and accusing him of the most sickening betrayal possible.

He and Harry had returned to their private meetings again, avoiding each other in public, sending notes through Jiffy. Because any hint of a positive relationship would likely turn his Master against him one more.

The moments of that gruesome October night, leading to his first successful Killing Curse, were just as grueling as ever. He'd be grateful when he never needed to witness the havoc of that night ever again.

He forced himself to look away from Lily's hopeful eyes. To look away from that regretful expression on her face. The one that wondered if her old friend was not lost forever.

Instead, Severus watched the Headmaster. The old man kept his emotions close, for most of the memory. Except for two moments, when his mask slipped. The one where Lily implied herself to be the most powerful of her and James, that she'd been there for a reason, and the moment Severus offered to save the girl, if Lily left.

Albus turned to Severus in that moment. Expression open and amazed. The twinkle in his eye was wistful and dazed, rather than the genial old man Severus was used to.

They followed as his shadow dashed through the madness of the square, forcing his gaze ahead, while people cried for help and screamed for mercy. While burning flesh soiled the air. He ran through puddles of red, focused and determined.

Then he heard the scream. High and fading. Child-like.

He froze, then picked up the pace and ran like he was being chased. Ran so fast the memory around them seemed to blur.

He tore through the door.

Bellatrix stood there cackling as the girl lay on the ground.

She was no older than nine or ten. Identical to her sister except for a flowery blue dress.

Now, it was stained red.

The light in her eyes was long gone by the time Severus stepped inside. Like a marionette whose strings had been cut.

The boy trembled, tore off his mask and doubled over.

Bellatrix cackled. "Look at little baby Sevvy," she crooned, stepping close. The heat of her breath brushing across his cheek, even beneath her mask. "Baby didn't do as he was told, did he? Tut, tut, tut. What will daddy think?"

Severus's eyes widened and he heaved a desperate breath.

The twisted woman cackled like a hag. "You should have stayed in your little cave; brewing your potions and kissing the Dark Lord's feet," she trilled, "go back where you belong little mud-blood. Run home to daddy. Maybe he'll be merciful if you beg sweetly enough."

The boy stumbled past her. Fingers trembling and skin pale as porcelain as he stepped for the stairs.

"Baby feeling sick?" She cackled as she called to him. "You want mummy to take care of you?"

He looked like he'd collapse. The shivering of his fingers was worse than he remembered. The pure, undiluted fear in his eyes.

He remembered it now...

The terror.

He'd betrayed his Lord. Failed him and betrayed him. And the minute he made it back, he knew the Dark Lord would split open his mind and his body and make him suffer for it. For his failure.

His trembling hand pushed at a door, finding it locked. He lifted his wand and cast a barely-successful Alohomora, slammed inside and fell toward the toilet. His body heaving like it wanted to spit free the terror choking up his lungs.

The Headmaster stepped inside and glanced around, then froze. Severus didn't need to look to figure out why.

His shadow heard the chink of something, then looked up.

The grown man was cowering, hiding in the bathtub. His eyes wide and trembling.

Even watching it as a memory, Severus could feel the thrum of rage swirling off him. The boy slowly rose to his feet, his wand clutched tighter in his hand, the shaking of his fingers twisted from fear to something far, far more savage.

"Please..." The man whispered, whimpered.

There was a noise in the hallway as Bellatrix climbed the stairs and sang. "Sevvy... Sevvy? Where are you?"

The Muggle man choked as he remembered the voice. Recognized it from when she'd tormented and tortured his daughter. From when he'd cowered and listened to his daughter suffer and die. And did nothing.

"P-please--"

"Crucio!" Severus hissed.

The porcelain cracked as the man thrashed in pain. Hit with the Crucio again and again while the fury danced in Severus's eyes.

Bellatrix appeared in the doorway. Cackling and cheering. "Again!" She yelled.

"Crucio!"

"Again!"

He kept going until the man was unable to speak, until all he could do was whimper and stare with pleading eyes. Until Severus grew sick of it.

"Sectumsempra!" He yelled and the man tore apart with a desperate wail while Bellatrix laughed.

When the light finally left the man's eyes, Severus turned and walked away, fitting his mask back on his face and leading Bellatrix down the stairs.

As they stepped into the square, they spotted the Aurors and Order members battling. "Fun's over, Sevvy," she hissed, then grabbed him by his arm and swept up in smoke.

They arrived in the Death Eater base, where Lucius and Avery Junior were waiting. And the Dark Lord, watching from his throne.

Severus and Bellatrix prostrated themselves at his feet.

"Bella?" The Dark Lord said, not deigning to look at the boy beside her. "Did our Severus earn his place?"

Bellatrix pulled off her mask and looked up with a wicked grin, her spindly fingers lifting off Severus's mask and stroking his bowed cheek. "He made a beautiful mess of him, my Lord."

The Dark Lord hummed a pleased sound. "Let me see."

She stood quickly, rushing forward and Severus remembered the relief he'd felt, as he scrabbled to Occlude, that he hadn't been called first.

Bellatrix knelt at the Dark Lord's feet, as her eyes gazed adoringly up into his. He touched her cheek and whispered, "Legimens," and watched the death of the Muggle.

A few seconds later, Bellatrix gasped and collapsed to the floor. The Dark Lord waited for her to crawl away from his side, then his gaze fell to Severus. He lifted his hand. "Here, Severus."

The boy rose. There was not a single sign of fear by then. He'd locked it all so tight in his mind that he'd barely felt anything at all.

All that chaos and discord in the raid made managing his mind in this situation feel tolerable. He lay his hand in the Dark Lord's and knelt at his feet.

The monster smiled and touched his cheek.

"I knew you belonged here, Severus. This is your home. This is where your talents were meant to thrive," he let go of the boy's cheek and reached for his wand, using the tip to slide the black sleeve away from Severus's arm. "Severus Snape, will you devote yourself to my cause? Will you lay down your life for me and my command, and cut down any threats to my dominion and dominance?"

There was the barest breath of hesitation. And Severus remembered knowing this was the moment he chose between his honor and his life.

That any doubts would have to be squashed, to the deepest depths of his mind, or they would be his last.

"It would be my honor, my Lord."

The Dark Lord smiled and his wand pressed down on Severus's arm.

Then, branded him like cattle.

They were ripped free of the memory. Shoved out like they were unwelcome. Back into the clinking, tinkering noise of the Headmaster's office.

The old man stood still for a moment. His eyes on the floor. A barely-concealed shock remained on the man's face.

"Always a spy," Albus whispered, "weren't you Severus?" The old man sighed. "Hidden even from yourself."

The Potions Master didn't look up at the man, simply stared into the silver of the pensieve. "No, sir," he said, "not a spy. Just... always Lily's."

Always, always Lily's, he thought to himself, never yours.

He somehow found it harder to be in the midst of the Headmaster, knowing all he knew, than he had in front of the Dark Lord. Somehow, because Albus pretended to be better, his betrayal felt like a worse crime.

At least the Dark Lord had never been anything but a psychopath and a narcissist. At least Severus was the one, in the end, who'd fooled himself into believing the monster to be anything different.

But Albus had fooled the world.

Something about that made it worse.

The Headmaster sighed. "Yes," he said, then he turned and slowly stepped back to his desk, as if he'd suffered an injury. "That man you killed. It was Abraxas, wasn't it?"

"Yes," Severus whispered. "Abraxas Malfoy. His body was brought back that night. Avery Senior was held under a Crucio for Malfoy's death, for ten minutes. He barely kept his sanity afterwards."

Lucius bribed an official to file his father's death as Dragon Pox the very next day. Severus knew that the Malfoy patriarch's death had come as a relief to the then Heir.

Lucius barely ever spoke about his father, before or after that night, but Severus always suspected they'd had a more similar upbringing than Lucius would ever admit to.

The old man winced. "Avery never recalled the memory?"

Severus shook his head. "If he had, I doubt he'd have let me live. He only survived another six months after that."

Albus threaded his fingers together on the desk, staring at them. "There must be one more hidden memory," the man whispered, "a third defiance."

"Yes," Severus replied. "One more, but it will be harder to find."

Albus nodded, staring at his hands. "Keep looking," he said. "Thank you, Severus. I believe I will need time to think."

Severus nodded.

He did not try to retrieve the memory from the Pensieve, he knew not to bother. Albus was somewhat of a collector of other people's memories. Severus's in particular.

But Severus only ever pulled the specter of his true memory's from his mind, for Albus's viewing pleasure. Whether he wanted it or not, the shadows of that night, and all the nights like it, needed to stay burned into his mind.

For better or worse.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello, everyone!

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

    Thank you again for all the wonderful messages and to everyone who hit the kudos or subscribe button. You guys are fantastic and I'm so happy you're enjoying 'Buried Memories' so far.

    Have a lovely week. I'll see you all again on Friday!

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 17
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Ms Skeeter was positively oozing with delight when Severus stepped into the Madam Puddifoots Tea Shop. A smarmy grin prickling at her blood red lips. She stood and offered her hand. "Professor," she trilled, "we meet at last."

He touched her hand and bowed as if to kiss it, never quite pressing his lips to her glamour-perfect skin. "A pleasure, Ms Skeeter," he said in his softest honeyed tone.

Ms Skeeter's smile reminded Severus of a wolf baring its teeth. "It's astonishing we've not made each other's acquaintance before, isn't it?" She said, as he pulled out a chair for her and she gracefully took her seat. "You've not been avoiding me, have you?"

"Of course I have," Severus replied, taking the opposite seat with a smirk, "quite religiously. I avoid press in general, to be precise. I'm a very private man."

Skeeter chuckled. "Is that so?" She pulled out her notebook and quill, but Severus lifted a hand to stop her.

"Perhaps a little chat and some refreshments before we get to business," he suggested.

She lifted a brow, but complied, slipping her notebook and quill away and raising a hand clawed with red talons to call over the waiting staff.

"A coffee cake and a café au lait for me, darling and..." She looked at Severus.

"Dark chocolate gateaux and double espresso," Severus replied. He watched as Ms Skeeter filed the information away. No doubt it would end up in tomorrow's society news if he did not incentivize her otherwise.

When they were once again alone, Severus leaned back in his chair, relaxed and at ease, while he regarded the woman.

"Mr Potter asked me to express his sincerest apologies to you, regarding the matter of your unanswered letters," the woman startled very slightly at that, the briefest flash of anger flicking across her face. Clearly, she hadn't taken the perceived snub well. "He had not intended to cause offense, but there appears to be a mix up with his mail wards."

She lifted a brow at that. "Mail wards?"

Severus nodded. "As you know, Mr Potter is infamous and would have been bombarded with fan-mail as a mere babe had one not been set up on his behalf. It appears that it is still in effect and, given that Mr Potter was not raised in the Wizarding World, he was not aware that one was in place until your letter to me. We have been having some difficulty arranging the details of altering it so, in future, I recommend you send letters to Harry in the care of myself, as his Head of House. I am trusting you will not make this public knowledge."

The woman straightened and smirked, eager at the thought of having sole interview access to the Boy-Who-Lived. "Of course," she cooed. "Poor dear. So it's true that he was raised Muggle?"

"That is a story for another time," Severus deflected, as their cakes and coffee arrived. He waited until they were alone again to continue. "First, I would like to address the terms of Mr Potter's consent to an interview."

"Terms?" Ms Skeeter smiled like he was utterly adorable. "I thought it was plainly clear what the terms were, Professor," she lifted a fork and sliced a piece of the coffee cake. "Either he agrees to access-all interviews or I am forced to find... other stories to entertain the public."

Severus hummed.

"I hear they never found the Potter Will. It would be such a shame," Ms Skeeter continued, in a cloyingly sweet tone, "if all that Potter money was seized by the Ministry because dear Harry has no legal right to it. One little paternity test and it all disappears."

As much as he loathed it, she was correct. It was one of the reason he hadn't got a test done before. All known genealogy tests were some form of Blood Magic, and so most books on the subject had been seized by the Ministry as 'Dark Arts'. Gringotts had only, just barely, managed to keep their license to perform Blood Magic genealogy tests, but only with the agreement that new test results were to be monitored by the Ministry.

If Harry was Severus's son, the moment the Ministry saw the result, he'd lose all claims to James Potter and, by proxy, Lily's estate. As much as Severus wanted to know, he wasn't sure he wanted to rob Harry of his few remaining connections to his dead mother.

No, it would have to wait.

When or if Harry became ready to risk the Potter estate and name to become Severus's legal son, they would do the test. Until then, Severus would be patient.

Severus licked his lower lip and leaned forward, tone hushed.

"I'm sure that we can come up with some more tolerable terms than that," he purred, "after all, if we're speaking of Ministry interest, I'm certain there's a little beetle they'd be thrilled to hear all about."

Skeeter froze, eyes wide and her falsely-pristine skin paling a little further. "You--"

"I kept myself alive, Ms Skeeter, during the war, only because of certain keen observational skills," he lifted his fork and pierced the dark gateaux, enjoying the bite in silence before he continued. "I think you'll find I can be quite the unpleasant enemy, to those who incur my displeasure." He picked up his espresso and leaned back, his gaze never leaving hers. "But there's no need to resort to cut-throat tactics. We are civilized enough to keep this matter cordial and... discreet. Don't you agree?"

Ms Skeeter nodded with a panic in her eyes. "Y-yes."

Severus smiled a rare charming smile. It would be more eerie in this circumstance than his usual withering glare. "Splendid," he said. "Now, as I said, let's talk terms."

#

Harry's first interview with Rita Skeeter hit the front page a week later, on the Wednesday edition of the Daily Prophet. They'd agreed to a written correspondence and hashed out the questions in advance. She'd been a little disappointed by his refusal to provide a photograph for the issue, but backed off easily enough.

The Slytherin's seemed very impressed by the glowing way she'd portrayed him in the article and the fact there was absolutely no hint, at all, of his unconfirmed parentage.

"'Mr Potter is a newly-devoted reader of the Daily Prophet,'" Zabini quoted in a honeyed tone, "'He explains that, "as someone who is just finding his feet in the Wizarding World, the Daily Prophet has been an invaluable tool for better understanding Wizarding Society. I'm a big fan of the Financials, Political News and the Society Pages in particular."'" Zabini rolled his eyes. "What a suck up."

Harry smirked.

The other school houses, save Gryffindor, seemed to warm to him after that. As if reading all about him somehow made him more approachable.

He'd made an effort to explain how he was still 'uncomfortable' with the new realization of just how famous he was and how he could find it a little overwhelming, at times, when he was cornered with thank you's and praise.

'I know people remember that night as the moment the war ended,' he'd written, 'but, to me, that day was the one where my parents were ripped away from me. I know people mean well when they thank me, but I don't relish being famous for what happened. It just reminds me of what I lost.'

He'd hoped it would keep more students and fans at a distance, stop them from asking about his scar and randomly shaking his hand. It did, he supposed, but it did have an unintended side effect.

Girl's started randomly bumping into him or asking to sit with him in the library. They'd bat their eyelashes while they asked him questions and made smalltalk.

He didn't really understand what was going on until Malfoy snapped at a Ravenclaw girl who'd approached their study-group a week later in the Library.

"No room," Malfoy sneered, slamming his books down on the empty chair.

The Ravenclaw blushed, hugged her book tight and rushed away.

"Malfoy!" Harry hissed, "Why are you being a prat? She was just being nice."

Malfoy rolled his eyes. "How can you be so smart when faced with everything else and so utterly dense when met with this. She's not 'just being nice', you imbecile. She's pursuing you."

"Pursuing?" Harry frowned.

Zabini choked on a laugh at Harry's confusion.

Neville was the one who leaned forward and put Harry out of his misery. "She's, um, flirting, Harry."

Harry blushed. "Wh-what!"

Parkinson rolled her eyes. "What did you expect with that lonely, brooding young gentleman act? 'I don't relish being famous for what happened. It just reminds me of what I lost.'" She gagged.

"It's true!" Harry said.

"Even so," Parkinson said, rolling her eyes, "you're an idiot if you think that wasn't going to backfire."

Harry winced. "I just... never thought..."

"Well, you should have," Malfoy pouted, folding his arms, "it's utterly sickening. All week, in every class, there's some irritating wench asking you for advice or trying to catch your eye or 'accidentally' bumping into you in the halls. I should hex the lot of them."

Zabini and Parkinson exchanged an unreadable look. Neville went a funny pink color and returned his his book. Harry sank, scratching the back of his head. "Uh, sorry," he winced, "I'm not used to getting that sort of attention."

Zabini snorted, as if he doubted Harry's authority on the subject.

"Um, excuse me," came a tentative voice.

They turned so see a second year Hufflepuff standing by the desk holding a note.

Malfoy straightened and sneered. "What!" He demanded. "There's no room, sit somewhere else!"

The girl blushed. "Uh, no," she chewed her lip, "I have a note," she hurriedly continued when Malfoy began to glare, "from Professor Dumbledore."

Malfoy reluctantly backed down and Harry smiled at her and said his thanks when she handed over the message.

#

Dear Mr Potter,

If I may have a moment of your time, please come to the Headmaster's office during your free period. Miss Green has agreed to escort you there.

Yours sincerely,

Professor Dumbledore,

P.S. The password is Gobstoppers.

#

Harry chewed his lip and stared down at it, feeling a funny sense of foreboding. Malfoy leaned forward and read it upside down. "Is it about the Prophet interview, maybe?" He whispered.

Harry shook his head. "Snape told him about that, about the... extenuating circumstances."

Malfoy winced and licked his teeth. "Do you want me to get Professor Snape?"

"He'll be busy," Harry said.

"It's almost lunch," Parkinson whispered, "we can hang outside his classroom and inform him when class ends."

Harry considered that and then slowly nodded. "Good idea."

He followed the Hufflepuff, Miss Green, through the hallways to a corridor on the second floor, dark and bare, with a gargoyle at the end.

Miss Green explained where to stand and wished him luck, then fled. He turned to the gargoyle and took a deep breath, gripping his fists together. "Gobstoppers."

The ground shifted then he felt himself rise up, spiraling round, through the turret, while a staircase formed behind him. He uneasily remained standing, not letting himself flinch. Remaining steady and confident.

When the staircase had finished its climb and he found himself standing on the other side of a door, he paused. An uneasy sensation creeping up his spine. He took a deep breath and knocked.

The second time his fist tapped against it, the door creaked ajar. Opening into a circular room, with a desk sitting in the center and surrounding by whizzing, clicking and whirling machines, sitting on pedestals. At the back, bookshelves climbed into an upper level, with symmetrical stairs ascending on either side.

Harry stepped into the room. "Professor?" He called into the silence.

He took another step, spotting the sleeping Sorting Hat sitting to one side.

He felt uneasy, as if he were walking into a trap. Something shivered down his spine as he took another step.

It wasn't until he was several steps into the room when he saw it.

Or perhaps felt it.

There was a bowl. Stone, carved with runes. Grand and wide, like a font, something you'd expect to see holding holy water in a church.

Harry felt an odd pull in his chest, like a tug. It was almost mesmerizing. He stepped closer, until he saw the silver liquid.

A pensieve, he realized, as he reached the edge, watching as a memory swirled inside, jagged and jumbled.

He felt himself pulled. Drawn. Until he touched the silver liquid. And was dragged inside.

He gasped as he landed, solid tile beneath him as he stared around the room.

Then he spotted him.

Snape.

Young, wearing a black cloak, staring across the room at something, while fury slowly seeped onto his face.

Harry felt a lurch in his stomach and rose, a hand to his lips.

He looked across the bathroom, to the tub, where a man sat quivering.

"P-please," the Muggle begged.

"Crucio!"

#

The memory didn't spit Harry free until he'd witnessed Snape take the mark. Until he'd witnessed the adoring look on the young man's face and the way the Dark Lord had played to his weakness.

He landed on the floor of the Headmaster's Office, hands clutching at the ground as his stomach retched. He felt sick. Dirty. As if he was covered in blood himself.

"Harry?" A voice whispered, gentle and worried. That kindly tone of the grandfatherly old man. Hearing it made Harry's nausea double. "Oh Merlin, I didn't mean for you to see--"

Harry felt a hand on his back. He twisted and slammed the old man in the chest, hard. So hard that the Headmaster stumbled and knocked over the pensieve.

The silver liquid spilled and tumbled free, sluicing across the floor.

The old man froze as Harry glared up at him.

There was a silence as Harry felt air shift. The prickle of his magic, answering the call of his rage.

He wanted to kill the old man.

To Crucio him.

He wanted to spit in the bastard's face and call him out for all his lies and his manipulations. For treating him like little better than a pawn.

But Harry knew better.

Harry knew better than to show his hand.

He knew better than to think the man would back down once his secret was out.

He'd just get smarter.

So Harry swallowed it all down. Swallowed down the fury. The pain. The agony swelling inside his chest.

He fled the room and slammed the door behind him.

His breath felt ragged as he ran down the stairs. His lungs burning like a fire. A copper taste in his throat.

He was near the bottom when he slammed into someone. He felt himself knocked back by the force, falling onto the stair behind him with a thud and curled up in a shivering ball, gasping for breath as his stomach roiled.

"Harry?" Snape whispered.

Harry just barely flinched when he felt the man's hand on his shoulder. He tried not to, but the memory of the Dark Lord praising and marking him was still sharp in his mind.

"What happened?" Snape pulled back his hand, seeming to sense that Harry needed space.

Harry took in a shuddering breath. "N-not here," he said.

There was a silence. "Okay," Snape whispered. "My office?"

"No," Harry said, finally managing to straighten. He didn't look Snape in the eyes, not yet. "The other spot."

Snape nodded. "Do you need help?"

"No," Harry said, shakily lifting to his feet.

"I'm going to disguise myself," Snape said. "I will be close by. Keep an eye out for unwanted attention. I will do the same."

Harry nodded and watched as the Professor cast a spell and became invisible.

Somewhere in the back of his mind, he noted that would be a very handy spell to learn.

He walked cautiously, taking a winding route that avoided too many portraits. He couldn't hear footsteps, but he could feel Snape nearby, watching him like a guardian.

When he got to the blank patch of wall at the top of the third fifth floor staircase, he checked the coast was clear, once again, and tapped the brick, opening it wide for them both to step through.

He heard Snape drop the disguise behind him, as the hole closed. Harry walked to the disused classroom.

When he stepped inside, he saw a pot of steaming tea and two plates of sandwiches waiting for them on the coffee table. Harry swallowed and wiped his eyes, whispering a quiet, "thanks, Jiffy," as he stepped over to his seat.

Snape was quiet as he stepped inside. He did not press, just walked over to the seat opposite and poured them tea. He handed it to Harry with the handle facing out, so that Harry wouldn't need to touch him.

Harry clutched it tight in his hands, taking cautious sips until his stomach felt less queasy. Until he felt like he could speak again.

"Dumbledore wants me to hate you," Harry whispered, "doesn't he?"

Snape was quiet for a moment. Harry stared down at the cup, remembering the silver liquid in the pensieve.

"I think... it is likely."

Harry swallowed. "He does." He closed his eyes. "I got there and the door was open. I stepped inside and I felt like... like I was being pulled... to the pensieve."

There was a small inhale of breath. Quiet and sharp.

"The memory started... at the bathroom. Ended with the mark."

Slowly, Snape set his cup down on the table. His hands shivering. When Harry looked up. The man's eyes were closed. A half-buried rage and regret itching at him, as if begging for release.

Harry waited for the man to finish occluding, to get back in control of his emotions. To straighten and look Harry in the eye. "Are you okay?"

Harry pursed his lips and shook his head. "It was... a lot. Seeing it..."

Snape nodded, swallowing hard. "I know. Even I... couldn't stand watching it."

Harry inhaled a shuddering breath. "He... he tricked me," he said, "didn't he? He planned for that to happen."

Snape swallowed the fury that momentarily flickered in his eyes and nodded. "It sounds true to form."

Harry grit his teeth. "How... how could he sink that low?"

"Desperation," Snape said. "Albus has a fondness for control. We all have our weaknesses. That is his. He planned for us to despise each other. For one reason or another, that remains central to his plans."

"Why?" Harry scowled. "Why is it so important to him? Why does he need me alone, without a family? Why does he need me living with the Dursleys and making nice with the Weasleys. Why is he trying to run my life like this?"

Snape's gaze fell to the corner, he pursed his lips and sat back, his mind seeming to work through something that he'd been ruminating on for a while.

"I think, because... he wants you to rely on him. To trust in his plan, like it is a divine quest. To have you move to his design. I think he has a plan for your life. A plan for your defeat of Voldemort, and he fears that if you are too independent, or too many of your allies do not trust his word implicitly, you will not do what he thinks needs to be done."

Harry blinked at that. "Wh-what do you think his plan is?"

Snape swallowed and his eyes seemed wet when he looked at Harry. "I don't know."

Harry paused. "You have a theory, though. I can tell..."

Snape winced. "I have many theories. None of which are anything I'd like to repeat."

Harry felt sick. A horrible twist in his gut as an idea struck him. The thing that he'd need to trust Dumbledore implicitly to do. Why the Headmaster would want Harry to be away from Snape's protection.

"He wants me to trust him implicitly... so that when he tells me to sacrifice myself for the greater good... I die, like a good little soldier. He wants me apart from you... so that you can't try and save me."

Severus closed his eyes. "I fear so," Snape said. "I think he fears that... my desire to save you will overrule my loyalty to the cause. To him. That I will betray him for you."

Harry exhaled and closed his eyes. "I hate him."

Snape didn't speak. The quiet prickled like needles. The desperate pain of it.

"So long as we appear do not appear to be wary of one another, the way he wishes us to be, he will try to separate us," Snape croaked. "The simplest way to resolve it would be to put up a facade of hatred, lure him into a false sense of security and to remain secretly--"

"No," Harry said, glaring up at the man.

Snape sighed. "Harry... I know it isn't ideal--"

"I'm not cowering from that bastard," Harry sneered. "I'm not letting him get away with this, and neither should you. He's a foul, disgusting tyrant and he deserves to rot in the bowls of Hades. I don't want him ruling my life. I don't want to pretend to hate you. Not for him."

"He's too powerful, Harry," Snape whispered, "you think I don't want to get back at him? You have no idea the torture I'd love to put him through right now. But he's the most powerful Wizard in Britain. More powerful than either of us. More powerful than even the Dark Lord. We can't risk his wrath."

Harry scowled and leaned forward a glint of determination in his eye. "That's exactly why we should be fighting back," he growled. "He's too powerful. Maybe once upon a time he was a good man, maybe even a great man, but right now he's little better than a dictator himself. He's deliberately destroying people's lives."

"He's the only one who knows the full extent of the Dark Lord's powers," Snape said, quiet and defeated. "Only he knows how the Dark Lord came to be. Only he knows the full prophecy and the reason why you are still alive," Snape leaned forward, tone weary. "There's a reason the Dark Lord has not died, despite all the efforts people have made to end him. It is not pure power that keeps him alive. It is a dark spell. Albus is the only one who can answer the question of how he did it. How to undo it."

"Only because he decided he was!" Harry yelled, slamming his cup so hard onto the table it nearly cracked, liquid splashing across the surface and onto the floor. "He hides important information from everyone, even those he trusts the most! Even those more qualified to answer them! He makes it so that he's the only one who can answer those questions. He forces us to bend to his will, because he's the only one who knows the truth, who has the information needed to forge a plan. Any plan! So long as we let him be our leader, we will be at his mercy. No matter how much we try and appease him, he'll never stop toying with us. We need to do something."

Snape silenced. A solemnity in his eyes. His shoulders were hunched, as if in surrender. But, it didn't feel like Harry was the one who had defeated him.

"He's the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, Harry," Snape whispered. "He has contacts and allies in the Auror service and the Ministry." Snape exhaled. "My life is his to control. I only walked free from prison because he willed it. I only have this job, where I can aid you, because he lets me. He could have me locked in Azkaban whenever he wanted," the man whispered, "and then you'd never be free of him. I wouldn't... I wouldn't be here to save you."

Harry felt a burning in his throat.

This was why Snape hadn't stood up to Dumbledore before. Because he couldn't.

The Warlock had a boot to Snape's throat. The minute Snape fell out of line, he could be exiled from Harry's life. Thrown in that hellhole. Left to die alone. His whole life destroyed, because Albus Dumbledore deemed it necessary.

Harry tasted bile in his mouth.

He couldn't let that happen.

Never.

He swallowed down the bitter taste and looked Snape in the eye.

"So, we overthrow him," he whispered. "So long as we let him keep that power, he's going to use it to control us. So long as he can do that to you, we're both at his mercy." Harry leaned forward, taking a deep breath. "So, we take away his status and his power. We turn his allies and contacts against him. We take his safe, comfortable perch at the seat of power, and we begin the long, grueling campaign to dethrone Albus Dumbledore." Harry smiled a truly devious grin. "Like Slytherins."

The Professor couldn't seem to help but smirk in response.

* * *
Notes:

    Hey guys! Hope you enjoyed the chapter. Thanks again to everyone for all your comments, kudos and support. You’re wonderful!

    Next one is up on Monday. Have a lovely weekend!

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 18
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Draco looked genuinely offended when he sat down opposite Harry in the common room, on Saturday evening, and spotted the contents of Harry's book. A long sprawl of incomprehensible dialogue about tax reforms.

"What, in Merlin's name, are you reading?"

"The Wizengamot Code of Conduct, Volume Three," Harry said.

Draco blinked at him. "Why?"

"Because I just finished Volume Two, and this is the sequel."

Draco's jaw slackened and he stared at Harry as if he were genuinely worried about him. "Should I even ask what you're plotting?"

"You're a free man, Malfoy," Harry said. "Ask if you want to and I'll answer if I want to."

The blonde sighed, then paused. He cleared his throat and his cheeks pinked. "I... I consider you a friend and I would like it very much if you called me Draco."

Harry looked up and spotted the slight flush on the boy's face. Harry's heart sped up with the word 'friend'. "Um, me too," Harry slowly smiled. "Please call me Harry."

Draco beamed like he'd been given an early Christmas gift. His eyes glittered and he straightened proudly. "Good," he said, then his tone turned imperious and regal. "Now, tell me what you're plotting."

"To learn more about the Wizengamot."

"Planning on taking over, are you?"

"No," Harry said.

Draco eyed him suspiciously, as if he smelled a lie. "Are you planning to take up your seat then, when you come of age?"

Harry froze. "I have a Wizengamot seat?"

"Of course you do! How can you not know--" Draco paused, then winced. "Oh yes, the Muggles."

Harry nodded. "The Potters have a Wizengamot seat?"

"Yes," Draco said. "Though if Fudge has his way, it will probably be given away to one of his chums."

"It's an empty seat?"

"I assume so," Draco said. "Unless your magical guardian is sitting it on your behalf."

Magical guardian.

Shit.

Harry sighed. "Right," he murmured, then pulled over his notebook and quill and started furiously scribbling notes to himself to look it up in the by-laws for the Wizengamot seats.

Draco hummed and watched him. "If you want advice on Wizengamot seats and by-laws, my father is rather an expert. I could write to him on your behalf."

Harry paused. It might be useful but he knew that Snape would have an opinion on it. "Thank you for the offer. I'll bear it in mind."

Draco nodded, then pulled out his textbook, notes and parchment began do his homework.

When Draco finally went off to bed that night, Harry wrote Snape a note.

'Does Dumbledore sit my Wizengamot seat? Draco mentioned the Potters had one. He offered to ask his father for information on seats and by-laws, if I wanted. Should I accept or steer clear?'

Harry spoke Jiffy's name and the note quietly popped away. Harry continue reading for another few minutes before the reply arrived.

'I am not an expert on Wizengamot politics,' Snape admitted, 'but it is possible that Dumbledore is sitting it for you. Lucius Malfoy may very well be a good acquaintanceship to foster. I suspect that he will be happy to aid you for free, for the meantime, as your name in itself holds value. However, he will only do so at the expectation that favors will follow some time down the line. Be prepared to barter for them. He is an accomplished opponent, in that regard and many others.

'I will start writing up talking points and subjects to avoid when you speak to Draco about it. It is a matter that will require a polished delivery. We want to foster the right level of curiosity without outright exclaiming our intent.'

Harry stared at the man's note and wrote a quick reply. 'Are you and Mr Malfoy friends?' He asked.

It was a few minutes before he got a reply.

One line.

'I owe Lucius Malfoy several grave debts and he has never let me forget it.'

#

Harry woke up on Sunday morning with a parcel sitting on his side-table, wrapped in brown paper.

On top of the parcel was a letter with, 'Young MaSter Harry' written on it.

Harry grinned and unfolded the letter.

#

To Young MaSter Harry,

JIffy is beIng well Thanks you! She be very Sad wIthout you but trIes to Stay busy! MaSter S be ever so kInd and got JIffy new cloth and wOOl And thraed tO makeS clotheS with! JIffy be So happy she crIed! JIffy makes the Young MaSter thIs present So he stays warm!

JIffy hOpes the Young MaSter is havIng fun at school and learNIng lots!

Love!

JIffy

#

Harry opened the brown paper and pulled out an emerald green scarf. The wool was flawlessly knitted. So much so that Harry imagined the little House Elf toiling away, perfecting every stitch until it was the best it could be.

When he threw it around his neck, he noticed embroidery at the bottom. It was silver. Small as the palm of his hand and shaped like an S.

A snake.

Harry smiled and stroked the embroidery, stared at the obsidian black eyes of the serpent.

She must have practiced this a thousand times. It had a significance to it. Like it was more than just a decoration. Like it was a symbol.

Harry pulled out a quill and parchment and wrote a reply.

'I love it, Jiffy. It's amazing. I'll treasure it.'

When the note popped away, he could have sworn he heard her squeak with delight.

Harry quickly got showered and dressed, then threw the scarf around his neck and took his notes and library books and went back to his spot in the common room.

When Draco emerged and spotted him back at work reading The Wizengamot Code of Conduct, he scowled. "Please tell me you aren't planning on spending all day like this."

Harry hesitated. "Um..."

"No," Draco folded his arms. "I forbid it."

Harry smiled. "Do you now?"

"Yes," Draco walked over and Harry just about managed to shove a bookmark inside before the blonde slammed the tome shut. "You're as bad as a Ravenclaw. I tolerate your bookish tendencies to a point, but everyone has their limit. It's a Sunday and I know you've finished all next week's homework. For Salazar's sake, take a break!"

Harry sighed. "Fine," he said, then reached into his bag and searched for the Dragontamer Bane series's second book. When he pulled it free, Draco snatched it from his hand and scowled.

"Absolutely not!" Draco cried. "I'm confiscating this."

"What!" Harry jumped to his feet. "You can't do that!"

"I can. This is an intervention. Have you even been outside the castle for anything other than Astronomy and flying class? I am doing this for your own good." Draco shoved the book in his bag and pointed to the mess of paper and notes surrounding the desk. "Clear that up and we'll go to breakfast. You can get your book back when you start acting like an eleven year old and not a retired Ministry employee. Go get your winter cloak."

Draco dragged Harry to breakfast, holding his book hostage and then, when Harry's copy of The Sunday Prophet arrived, kidnapped that too.

"Hey!" Harry scowled. "I wanted to read the Gringotts Weekly Report."

Draco rolled his eyes. "No," he said. "No. Eleven year olds do not read the Gringotts Weekly Report. Octogenarians, do. Now, eat some crêpes."

"But I wanted--"

"No," Draco snapped, grabbing the plate of pancakes and shoving it at Harry, "no porridge. Crêpes."

Harry sighed and agreed. He layered a load of yogurt and blueberry compote with honey on a french crêpe and reluctantly admitted that maybe it was quite good.

When the others arrived at breakfast and spotted Harry looking a little cowed with his still-tied copy of The Sunday Prophet sitting out of reach, Zabini smirked. "Draco finally snapped, did he?"

"Shut it, you," Draco said, pointing a fork at the boy.

Zabini chuckled and grabbed a plate of crêpes. "So what's the plan for today?"

"Outside," Draco said. "The imbecile hasn't breathed fresh air in days. Ideally, I'd set up a Quidditch match but we can't use brooms, so that's out."

"Gobstones?" Parkinson suggested.

"Might as well be indoors for that."

"Quoits?" Greengrass said.

Draco wrinkled up his brow. "Urgh, I hate Quoits."

Greengrass smirked. "Only because I beat you every time."

Draco scoffed and rolled his eyes. "Not falling for it Greengrass."

"Worth a try."

"Um," Harry cleared his throat, "are brooms essential to play Quidditch?"

The table laughed and Draco scoffed. "How else would you play it?" He asked. "Run around?"

Harry shrugged. "Well, yeah."

The Slytherin's silenced, then exchanged a few curious looks. Draco stared off into the distance, frowning. "I suppose you could... but..."

"You couldn't keep the snitch in play," Zabini said. "I mean, we could get a teacher to spell the bludgers to stop flying too high, but snitches are basically tamper-proof."

Draco nodded absently. "It's not really Quidditch without a snitch or brooms, but I suppose it could still be entertaining. Feels a little childish, though. I haven't played a running game since I was a toddler."

"It'd be good exercise," Harry prompted. "Madam Pomfrey was complaining about me being too sedentary or something."

Draco straightened at that, suddenly determined. "Well, no wonder, the way you've been shutting yourself in the Library. That's settled then. I suppose, since the Seeker position is out, we'll have to play on a timer."

"So long as you can find another team to play against," Greengrass corrected, eyebrow raised.

Draco suddenly burst out with a vicious smirk and his gaze fell to the other side of the room. "Oh, I think I can find us some willing opponents."

Harry got a really bad feeling. "Draco, no, please don't antagon--" the boy launched to his feet and swaggered across the room to the Gryffindor table, where the lions bristled furiously as the boy approached.

They couldn't tell what Draco was saying, but whatever it was got half the Gryffindors jumping up in their seats with righteous indignation, glowering and yelling threats.

By the time Draco was done with them and sauntered away, the lions were having a heated discussion amongst themselves.

#

Flitwick was only too happy to charm some Quaffles and beginners Bludgers to remain a certain distance from the ground. He and the other teachers seemed very intrigued at the adapted version of the sport and requested to come watch.

Just as they'd finished talking to Flitwick and were about to make their way out the Great Hall to play, the Weasley Twins stepped onto the Gryffindor table and yelled loudly for all to hear.

"Attention all!"

"Attention, please!"

"All present are called to witness--"

"The inaugural game of the newest sporting craze--"

The two of them paused, then at once cried: "WIDDITCH!"

Draco made a choked sound and his eyes widened.

"The first game will begin outside--" one Weasley cried.

"In ten minutes!"

"Be there!"

Then they both grinned across the room at Draco and saluted him with malicious smirks.

Draco growled. "Those absolute tossers! They're taking credit for our idea! I should sue them!"

Harry sighed. "I'm guessing you antagonized them?"

"No!" Draco yelled, then froze and winced. "Well, a little."

Harry huffed. "Well, come on then. Let's go."

They made it outside to the patch of grass and shrank some hoops so they were about the size of a torso and just tall enough to reach. Half the school had come to witness, lazing about on the grass with books and snacks.

Draco wandered over with Zabini for a tete-a-tete with the Gryffindors and returned with the game plan.

"Okay," Draco turned to the group and clapped his hand. "The Gryffindors have selected the littlest Weasel for Keeper and the twins for the Beaters."

"But they're years older than us, and already on the Quidditch team," Bullstrode frowned. "That's hardly fair."

"Which is why," Zabini smirked, "they're playing with a Chaser down. Just Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnegan."

"Exactly," Draco said. "Milly, are you up for playing Keeper?"

The girl grinned. "Leave it to me."

"Crabbe, Goyle, you play the Beater positions. Blaise, Harry and I will be Chasers."

They all nodded and got ready. Harry cast an impervious over his clothes and carefully laid his Winter Cloak, new scarf and wand out of the way with Greengrass and Parkinson.

About ten minutes into the game it became readily apparent that what Widditch lacked with airborne acrobatics, it made up for in sheer brutality.

Quidditch was already pretty brutal in itself, with fouls generally ignored in amateur games, but in Widditch it apparently became perfectly okay to grab the Quaffle off another player by slamming into them or tripping them up. They didn't have a referee so it wasn't as if anyone was docking them for it.

"Dean Thomas is on fire folks!" Lee Jordan announced, voice amplified with a Sonorous. "Just look at him run!"

Harry suspected that Dean Thomas played football or rugby (or both), because he knew how to dodge and fake out the other players, and boy could he run.

The Weasley twins, however, were by far the worst. When they knocked the bludgers out of the way of their own players, they deliberately aimed them at the Slytherins with a skill that had been clearly well honed in Quidditch practice. It seemed harder to dodge bludgers when you couldn't fly away. They had to throw their bodies out the way to keep from being hit. Harry been rammed once already and it wasn't pretty. At least they were beginners bludgers, so they didn't break anything.

He became increasingly glad that he'd cast that impervious on his clothes as the ground became slicker with mud the longer they played.

The Quaffle was harder to catch when you had to literally run for it, instead of fly. Draco seemed to quickly realize how ill prepared he was to take part in actual physical exercise, but his competitive streak seemed to overrule his general discomfort.

Zabini's smug smirk fell away as the game got more intense. In it's place, his eyes lit with fierce determination.

"Another ten points to Gryffindor! That's 80-60! The Lions are in the lead!" Lee Jordan cried. "Only twenty minutes left on the clock! Let's see if the Snakes catch up!"

They were twenty points behind Gryffindor, with twenty minutes to go. They could hear Marcus Flint yelling threats about Slytherin pride from the growing crowd around them.

Harry was starting to see what Madam Pomfrey had meant about him not getting enough exercise. He'd not sweat this much in ages. Not since Dudley stopped 'Harry Hunting' after his visit to the Hospital. It was a bit of a shock to the system at first but, after a while, he felt the adrenaline and instincts kick in.

As the tempus charm above Flitwick hit fifteen minutes remaining, Harry spotted the bludger heading toward Thomas from behind.

Harry burst into a sprint, rushing for the other side of the field just as the bludger rammed into Thomas and knocked him to the ground. The Quaffle rolled free and Harry scooped it up, bolting toward the hoops.

"Potter's got the Quaffle! Look at him go!" Lee Jordan announced. "Where was that speed twenty minutes ago?"

"COME ON, HARRY!" He heard several Slytherins yell from the sidelines.

Harry watched from the corner of his eye as a Weasley twin headed for one of the bludgers, readied his bat and aimed.

Harry tucked the Quaffle tight into his chest with his right hand, dipped his head, leaned forward with his hand on the grass and rolled. The bludger flew straight over him and he leapt easily to his feet to the blissful roar of the crowd.

"Look at that!" Lee yelled. "That's a move for the books, folks! Not a speck of dirt on him, either!"

"HA-RRY! HA-RRY!" The spectators chanted.

He hurtled full speed at the hoops as Ron prepared to block him and Thomas and Finnegan dashed toward him, ready to knock him to the ground.

They were too slow though.

Harry ran faster than he had in a long time. Like he was running from Dudley and his whole gang, body sizzling with energy. He kept his eye on Ron, twitched right, then, when the boy fell for it, thrust the Quaffle to the furthest left hoop.

"That's a goal!" Lee yelled. "I have to admit, that boy has moves! 80-70 and ten minutes to go! I have a feeling this is going to be a close one, people!"

When the Quaffle was thrown back into play, Crabbe aimed a bludger straight at Thomas when he headed for it and the boy had to leap out the way to keep from being hit.

Draco managed to grab it and make a run, when Finnegan began shadowing him and one of the twins aiming a bludger at him. He grit his teeth. "BLAISE!" He yelled, then threw the Quaffle his way.

Zabini managed to catch it and ran as the timer hit five minutes to go. He sprinted like hellhounds were on his tail. Aimed the Quaffle and...

"Another goal!" Lee groused. "It's a tie, folks! Merlin, these Snakes catch up fast, don't they! Come on Lions! Five more minutes!"

The last five minutes felt like an eternity. The Weasley twins got more ruthless. Thomas and Finnegan's tactics got more vicious.

With two minutes on the clock, Zabini had the Quaffle. He ran full speed for the hoops as Finnegan rushed him. The Irishman body slammed him to the ground, but not before the Italian had thrown the Quaffle to Harry.

"COME ON, HARRY!" The Slytherins screamed.

Harry bolted the last few meters, ran for the right hand hoop and--

"TIME!" Lee yelled. "Saved by the bell, folks! That's a tie! Eighty a piece. I think we're gonna need a rematch but Merlin, what a game!"

Harry huffed and laughed, dropping the Quaffle with a sigh and wiping his forehead with his sleeve. He glanced at Ron. The boy seemed a little nervous now they were standing opposite each other.

Ron cleared his throat. "Look, uh," he swallowed hard, "I'm sorry about, uhm, that thing I said. I shouldn't'a said it and all."

Harry swallowed down his memory of the boy spitting Dumbledore's vile lies. "No, you really shouldn't have."

Ron winced and nodded. "I know. I thought I was doing the right thing, but..." he shrugged, "it weren't."

Harry lifted a brow, suspicious. "What made you realize this, then?"

Ron scratched the back of his neck and his face turned nauseously guilty. "Well... don't kill me or anything, but, before we... talked, I might'a sent a letter to my dad, implying the same stuff I said to you. He... well, if I'd been in hexing distance I think he might've skinned me alive. And he said that were nothing compared to what my mum would say if she ever found out."

Harry smirked vindictively at that. "Good."

Ron grimaced. "Yeah, well, I'm sorry."

Harry paused, staring at the Gryffindor.

He didn't really fancy forgiving the boy. He still felt like hexing the bastard into the hospital ward every time he saw him. It wasn't as if the Gryffindor really understood what he'd done wrong, either. He didn't seem to realize just how despicable that kind of gossip could be. How much it could have ruined Snape's career. His entire life.

But, the idiot was only repeating what he'd been told by an authority figure he trusted. He was stupid, but that was precisely why Harry needed to tread carefully. He could still vindictively spread the rumor if the urge struck him.

He's probably been raised believing Dumbledore is some infallible leader of the purest light, Harry reminded himself, I'll show him different. One less pawn for Dumbledore to exploit.

Harry chewed his lip, then nodded. "Alright," he said. "Good game, mate." His mouth tasted bitter as he said the words.

The redhead blinked, then sank with relief. "Good game."

They reluctantly shook hands, while Harry's skin crawled with the lingering desire to hex him to oblivion. The other Slytherin's seemed to decide to run by example and shake hands with the bewildered Gryffindors. When he walked over to the Weasley twins they were grinning at him.

"You're a crafty little snake, aren't you?"

Harry smirked. "I could say the same about you two."

"Hah!" One twin snorted. "He's on to us, Gred."

"I think you're right, Forge," the other replied. "Good game, ickle snakey."

"Good game," he said, shaking each of their hands. "Until next time."

"You're on," they grinned.

Harry walked over to his friends and was mobbed by upper year Slytherins. Draco rushed over, grinning wide.

"That was incredible! I mean, it's a shame we didn't win, but we were obviously the team with more raw talent," the boy said, smirk in place. "What was that move of yours, by the way?" He asked, brow lifted. "The one that was like a barrel roll, but on the ground."

"Oh, that?" Harry asked. He licked his teeth and tried to think how to put this. "Well, uh, I knew a girl at school who did Martial Arts and she showed me some really basic stuff before she moved schools."

The girl, Georgia, was a few years older than him. She'd spotted him being knocked down by Dudley's thugs one day in his fourth year and, when his teacher didn't believe he was blameless, showed him a few simple moves to make fleeing easier for him. Mostly just how to dodge and how to effectively kick someone between the legs. She was already about to leave for secondary school at the time, but her brief lessons had made things much easier with Dudley. Though his cousin had laughed his ass off at first about Harry "fighting like a girl".

"Don't try and fight unless you have to," Georgia told him when they'd been practicing after class. "Most of the time, the best thing you can do is run."

"Martial Arts?" Draco frowned. "What's that?"

"Like Muggle fighting Arts," Harry explained.

"Oh," Draco seemed a little more cautious at that, "well, it was... very impressive, anyway."

"Thanks," Harry smiled.

As they were walking back to the Slytherins he saw a black figure out the corner of his eye. He turned to see Snape walking away, back to the castle. His black robes billowing behind him.

"Splendid show," said a familiar voice behind him.

Harry froze.

He felt a flush of fury rise through him, begging for release.

Instead, he occluded.

Shoved all his bitter, twisted emotions down and turned.

The Headmaster's eye twinkled joyfully. "Good to get out in the fresh air now and then. Whose idea was this, then?"

"It was a collaboration," Harry said, smiling awkwardly while Draco straightened beside him, frowning at the Headmaster. Harry tried to control his facial muscles, to keep from sneering or scowling. "Seems to have won people over."

Dumbledore chuckled. "Indeed it has, my boy.

I'm not your fucking boy.

Harry bolstered his occlusion, cleared his mind once again as he felt the barriers slip in the swell of his welling rage.

Stay calm and clear, he reminded himself. Calm and clear.

"I wondered if I might have a moment to speak with you," Dumbledore said, peering at Draco beside him.

Harry shrugged. "Alright," he said. "Let me grab my Winter Cloak, maybe a walk around the lake?"

Where everyone can see us.

Dumbledore paused, then smiled. "A delightful idea."

Harry nodded and tried to appear uncaring when he walked back to the group with Draco and picked up his Winter Cloak. He pulled it onto his shoulders, picked up his scarf and wrapped it around his neck, absently stroking the embroidered snake.

"Are you okay?" Draco asked him, a knowing scrutiny in his gaze. The others were nearby chatting, pretending not to be curious about his mysterious conversation with the Headmaster.

Harry nodded, pulled up his hood of his cloak and clutched his wand tight in his hand beneath the warmth of the fur. "I'll meet you in the common room when I'm done. Shouldn't be long."

Draco hesitated, looking a little as if he was thinking of dragging Harry back inside and locking him in the dungeons. But then he nodded, seeming to implicitly understand the subtext beneath: If I'm gone too long, get Snape.

It was times like this he was glad to be surrounded by Slytherins, who never needed hidden meanings spelled out for them.

Draco swallowed. "Good luck."

Harry smiled and walked back to the Headmaster. Pulling his magic into his mind and feeling the clarity of occlusion spread through it.

Calm and clear.

He gave the Headmaster a deliberate nervous smile as he walked over and remembered Snape's words.

'He is not prepared for you, Harry,' Snape had written to him after their meeting. 'He is expecting a broken, powerless boy, who craves his praise and approval. Who will hold his word above all. He will not be expecting the sharp-witted and shrewd Cobra that you truly are. Use his expectations against him and he will not see us coming.'

Dumbledore smiled and his eyes twinkled in return. "Shall we?"

Harry nodded and they began their walk.

Some students were still milling around the pitch, where they'd set up the hoops. A group of upper years looked like they were negotiating teams to play their own Slytherin v. Hufflepuff game.

They kept walking until they met the Black Lake. The Giant Squid was splashing about, one eye watching them curiously beneath the murky water.

There was silence for a long while, heavy as a cloak, then a shriek in the distance jolted Harry from his thoughts.

A bird.

It was a brilliant red, with plumage like fire, soaring above the lake, around their heads.

Dumbledore halted. "Fawkes," the old man muttered.

Harry paused. "You know that bird, sir?"

Dumbledore smiled, but there was a gloom to it. "Yes," he said, gaze fixed on the bird. "He's a friend of mine, Fawkes," he turned back to Harry with a twinkle in his eye. "He's been acting a little mysterious lately. I suspect he's had a lot on his mind."

Harry gazed up at the bird. He spotted a spark of flame flicker from the bird's tail feathers as he turned and flew toward the Forbidden Forest. "A phoenix, sir?"

Dumbledore nodded. "Good eye," he smiled. "Yes, Fawkes is a phoenix."

"I didn't think they could be domesticated, sir."

Dumbledore smiled. "I'm not sure domesticated is quite the word, but they make highly faithful pets to those lucky few who are chosen to accompany them through their long lives."

Harry nodded.

Chosen, Harry noted. Interesting choice of words.

Dumbledore stared toward the Forbidden Forest for a moment, then continued the walk.

"I wanted to check in with you, my boy," the old man said, "after the regrettable event that occurred with the pensieve."

I'll bet you did.

"Pensieve, sir?" Harry asked.

"Ah, of course," Dumbledore's eye twinkled almost with satisfaction at Harry's display of ignorance. The chance to play wise and all-knowing mentor. "The bowl in my office, with the silver liquid. It is called a pensieve. It allows the user to store and view memories, like the ones you saw."

Harry chewed his lip and nodded. "That was Professor Snape's memory, sir?"

The Headmaster nodded, then sighed. "I'm ashamed of myself for not safeguarding it better. That was not something that a child should ever have to witness."

No, Harry thought, it isn't. But you made me to watch it anyway.

"I'll be okay, sir," Harry muttered, "it was a shock, hard to watch, but..." he paused, "I'm glad I saw it."

The Headmaster paused, brows furrowed as he stared at Harry. "You are?"

Harry nodded. "I heard people talk about Professor Snape, about what he did before he turned spy. I don't think I really understood what it meant. Why he'd ever join the Dark Lord," Dumbledore flinched when Harry uttered that name, but said nothing, "but now I think I see." He paused for a moment. "The Dark Lord was a puppet-master. Probing for people's weaknesses and exploiting them for his own means. Powerful and charming. It must have taken real strength to turn away from a monster like that, knowing he could read the betrayal in your mind at any moment."

Dumbledore was silent for a moment, then hummed.

"Professor Snape warned me, before," Harry said, "that he wasn't the paternal and tender sort, that I might be better off without him."

"It is your choice, my boy."

"I know," Harry said. "I'm going to need time to think about it." Harry paused, then looked down and chewed his bottom lip. "Sir, I was..." He hesitated, "you knew my parents, didn't you?"

Dumbledore's eyes twinkled with relief and he smiled. "I did, my boy. I knew them quite well."

Harry nodded. "Could you, um, could you tell me about them?"

Dumbledore's smile was soft and grateful, he nodded and they continued their walk.

Harry listened to the man sing the praises of James Potter, talk of his mother as a "wise and virtuous woman". Dumbledore talked of James's mischievous pranks and his acts of bravery during the war.

Harry listened, quietly, to the old man talk. He let the old man talk of their 'noble sacrifice'. Let the old man think he was being tugged further into his web, moving to his design.

He lured the old man into a false sense of security, allowing him think he had control when, all the while, Harry was pulling the strings.

* * *
Notes:

    Thanks again to everyone who left messages, kudos or who subscribed. Every one of you put a huge smile on my face.

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter. The next one will be up on Friday.

    Have a lovely week!

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 19
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

On Halloween, they woke to the delicious scent of treats baking somewhere in the deep depths of the Dungeons. Harry briefly wondered if he could use the smell to find the kitchens, before deciding he'd be better off just asking Snape.

When they sat down to breakfast that morning, a magnificent falcon came swooping in the Hall, alongside the regular post owls and Daily Prophet delivery. The falcon swirled and landed on Draco's chair. The blonde eagerly removed two letters, tore open one, grinned as he read it through, before slipping them both into his pocket and peering at the High Table where the teacher's were sitting down for breakfast.

"What's got you so cheerful?" Harry asked quietly, opening his paper as the birds began to sweep away.

"I'll show you later," Draco said, tone utterly smug.

Harry nodded and turned to his paper.

Later that morning, Professor Flitwick showed the class how to perform the Levitation Charm. Harry watched with some shock as most the class struggled with it. He was starting to think that either the author of the Muggle-born Guide book had perhaps exaggerated the downsides of being Muggle-raised, or he'd maybe he just over-prepared for school.

Just a little.

Behind him he heard Ron and Hermione bickering as she attempted to correct his pronunciation and he seemed to take offense to the offered help.

Harry admitted that Hermione had a way of 'helping' that somehow managed to hit the exact wrong level of infuriating condescension, but Harry could tell that she genuinely just meant to help.

She didn't seem to have many friends or acquaintances. Harry could imagine that being the only studious eagle in a house full of distractible, reckless lions, might be a little lonely. He was so glad he hadn't ended up in the same position. Harry didn't know how his mother had coped all those years.

Still, Harry had watched with growing unease as the Gryffindor's and Slytherin's snickered more and more at her in classes. Lavender Brown and Pansy Parkinson seemed to form some unholy alliance to make the poor girl miserable.

Harry felt sick at the thought that maybe he'd sparked this, the day he'd confronted Hermione in the library.

After the class had filed out into the corridor, Harry heard Ron mutter to Dean, "It's no wonder no one can stand her. She's a nightmare, honestly."

Harry winced as he spotted Hermione's crestfallen face in the crowd of departing students, eyes glossing over with tears. She sniffed and ducked her head, slamming past Ron and Dean and down the corridor out of sight.

"I think she heard you," Dean said.

"So?" Ron grimaced. "She must've noticed she's got no friends."

Harry scowled. He had half a mind to bite the little bastard's head off for it when he heard Draco chuckle. "Serves her right."

Harry shot a glare at him. "For what?"

Draco flinched. "Well, she's an utterly infuriating. Even you can't stand her."

"So?" Harry lifted a brow. "She might need to learn a little tact and prioritize better, but nobody deserves to be bullied like this. Especially by their own house."

Draco rolled his eyes. "That's the most sickeningly Hufflepuff statement I've ever heard you utter. Please don't make it a habit."

Hermione didn't show up for Transfiguration. Harry felt a little worried about her, but Draco grabbed him as they left for lunch, so he didn't have much time to think about it.

"I sent Crabbe and Goyle to grab us something to eat," Draco said, pulling him toward the Dungeons.

"They're not your servants, Draco," Harry rolled his eyes.

"They like helping," Draco said. "Especially when it involves food. Come on."

When they finally got to the common room, Draco dragged him over to an empty seat and pulled a letter from his robes. "Open it, open it!" He cried, shoving it at Harry.

Harry held it in his hands. On the envelope was written:

Mr Harry James Potter

C/O Draco Lucius Malfoy

Slytherin House

Hogwarts School

Harry blinked. So someone had worked out that his mail wards were keeping letters away. Given who the letter was sent via, he assumed it was Lucius Malfoy who'd sent this. Harry hadn't expected to be sent a proper letter from the man.

Harry turned it around and looked at the intricate seal. It was silver wax with an LM stamped in beautiful calligraphy. Harry wondered if perhaps he should invest in a wax seal of his own. He supposed it was pointless until he sorted out his mail wards.

He tore it open carefully and pulled out the letter inside. It was written in perfect script that looked very similar to Draco's. Harry wondered if his friend deliberately modeled his handwriting style after his father.

#

Dear Mr Potter,

I hope this letter finds you well. Please forgive me for opening a formal correspondence with you without the permission of your guardian. I hope you will understand that the various political ramifications surrounding this decision made it impracticable.

I was most pleased to hear from Draco about your sorting into Slytherin and your blooming friendship with my son. I know you will have heard some unpleasant things about our family and it gratify's me to hear that you are not holding hearsay and rumor against Draco.

It is always a delight to hear a young man or woman take interest in the political sphere, but it is almost unheard of in students your age. It shows a particular intelligence, drive and ambitious spirit which I am eager to encourage.

In answer to your questions, the Potter seats are, as you suspected, currently being sat by your self-appointed Magical Guardian, Albus Dumbledore. It is an unprecedented affair, as the person in a position of Chief Warlock gives up their right to their family seat when they are offered the title. Chief Warlock Dumbledore, however, has only been holding your seat, as well as the seats for the House of Black, House of Meadowes, House of Dearborn and House of Fenwick, in the absence of a current fit Lord or Lady of the Wizengamot. He is doing this by utilizing some little-known Wizengamot by-laws, which happen to be an area in which I hold some expertise.

The Will and Testament of your mother and father was apparently never discovered by the Goblin in charge of their account. Thus Dumbledore utilized the Chief Warlock's right of bequeathal to hold the seat and to avoid having the Ministry take temporary control and ownership of your seat and accounts. This right of bequeathal is usually only a temporary solution, held for a month to a year, until a suitable Magical Guardian is found for the underage Wizard or Witch who inherits the seat. However, almost ten years have passed and Albus Dumbledore has yet to approve an alternative Magical Guardian to hold your seat until you reach the age of majority.

He also utilizes a little known section of the Wizengamot code of conduct in order to continue holding the remaining seats I mentioned. Until the cases of the deceased or incarcerated House members which I mentioned are resolved, and trials have been finalized, the seats may be held by the Chief Warlock. The consequences of this are that Albus Dumbledore now holds six seats, five from other Houses and one as the Chief Warlock, enough to sway a ruling in whichever direction he favors.

You seem like an intelligent enough boy that I doubt I need to emphasize how inappropriate and inequitable it is for a single member to hold as many as six votes. The last ten years have seen a number of unjust cases and laws passed which put the old houses under threat and allow raid and seizure of their property.

The Wizengamot has just barely managed to keep some highly invasive laws at bay, the most recent being 'The Muggle Protection Act', which may still be enforced due to the Minister's renewed attempt to seize several empty seats. It is my personal opinion that the Ministry has been pushing for inappropriate levels of influence within the Wizengamot, and vying for more seats, precisely because of the inequitable influence which the Chief Warlock has misappropriated. The consequences will only, I fear, grow steadily worse the longer it is allowed.

I can tell, from what little I have already heard of you, that you are destined for a position of great influence. It is customary for the heir to a Wizengamot seat to be counseled by their forbearer on political matters before they inherit. I can see that your own Magical Guardian will prove to be a most unforthcoming advisor. For that reason, I would like to offer to mentor you in your future political aspirations. If you accept this mentorship, it will begin formal negotiations to ally the Houses of Malfoy and Potter and we will, as such, forgive any historic Blood Feuds instigated by our ancestors.

I understand that you will need time to consider and confer on this matter and I encourage you to deliberate it at your own pace, but I do sincerely hope you will welcome this opportunity in the spirit in which it is given. The process of allying Houses is long and complicated, but I have no doubt that we will both benefit from any treaties we negotiate.

Cordially,

Lucius Malfoy

Lord of the House of Malfoy

#

Harry read the letter through again, carefully checking for hidden meanings. His eye lingered over the fifth paragraph. 'The Will and Testament of your mother and father was apparently never discovered by the Goblin in charge of their account'. Lucius Malfoy had deliberately phrased it as if to question whether this was entirely correct. Harry couldn't help but remember the way the Goblins had ignored protocol to do as Albus Dumbledore wanted.

Harry got a horrible twisted feeling in his gut as he stared at that paragraph, reading it through over and over.

The notoriously officious Goblins somehow 'lose' Lily and James Potter's Will and Testament and so Dumbledore is made Harry's Magical Guardian, using the 'right of bequeathal' to hold Harry's seat, to decide who should be given custody of Harry and to take possession of Harry's Vaults.

One piece of lost paperwork gave Albus Dumbledore total control over Harry's life.

That was just too convenient to be a coincidence.

Harry's didn't believe that his father and mother would forget to make a Will. Not in the middle of a war, with their child being hunted by a madman. Even Gryffindors weren't that reckless.

"Well?!" Draco cried, practically jumping up and down with excitement.

"Um," Harry hesitated, "did our families really have Blood Feuds?"

Draco huffed and rolled his eyes. "Probably. The old families are always feuding for one reason or another. Someone's great, great, great grandfather stole someone's cow. Someone's great, great aunt started a nasty rumor. It's probably nothing too important. But being allies is a big deal. It's almost like being distant family members. You look out for one another, offer advice and gifts. Give economic and spiritual guidance. And him mentoring you is almost unheard of. The Malfoy's look after themselves. We tend to keep our knowledge close to the chest. Father is the most capable political seat in the entire Wizengamot. Most of Slytherin House would kill to have him as a mentor."

Harry didn't think Draco was exaggerating there. "Wow," he said. "But then... why is he offering this to me?"

Draco rolled his eyes. "Because you're going to be a big name and everyone knows it. You're the Boy-Who-Lived. If you go into politics, and truly excel, whoever is allied with you is going to be elevated by extension. I wouldn't be surprised if you were a future Minister or Chief Warlock in the making."

Harry's brows raised. "I don't know about that."

"Well father does," Draco said with a smirk, "and father is an expert in these matters. You are a future leader, Harry, and he wants to be the one to help you get there."

Harry tried and failed not to blush at that. He wasn't sure whether he'd ever thought about himself as a leader, but he supposed that Snape had hinted that Harry would need to prepare to take a more governing role in the conflict to come, if their plan was to come to fruition.

He wasn't entirely sure if having Lucius Malfoy as an ally was a good or bad thing, but from everything Snape had told him about the man's political might, he could prove extremely valuable.

A man like that would be better as an ally than an enemy.

Harry stared at the letter a moment, considering his options, then folded it away in his pocket. Crabbe and Goyle arrived a little later with a haul of sandwiches and pork pies stuffed into a container with an undetectable expansion charm on it. Draco grabbed a pack of exploding snap cards and the four of them played through the rest of their lunch.

#

They had History of Magic and Transfiguration that afternoon and there was no sign of Hermione. When they finally shuffled off to their final class, Herbology with the Ravenclaws, Harry was starting to worry.

"It's not like Hermione to miss classes," Harry said, wrist deep in soil as he repotted his Asphodel. "I think she might actually consider that some sort of sin."

Parkinson snickered. "Lavender told me that she heard the little Mu--Muggle-born crying in the toilets."

Harry frowned. "Which ones?"

"First floor," Greengrass said, making a cursory attempt at weeding. "She's been in there since charms."

"Hasn't anyone gone to speak to her?" Harry asked.

Draco rolled his eyes. "Stop being such a Hufflepuff."

Harry scowled at his friend but decided not to comment. After class they all went to the library and got on with their homework before the Halloween Feast. Neville was already sitting down on their usual table when they arrived.

"Happy All Hallows Eve," Neville said to them as they settled into their seats. He said it in a way that suggested he was saying something else entirely.

The other Slytherins paused then smirked and nodded. "Happy All Hallows," Zabini said, with an air of significance.

It took Harry a moment to realize what was happening.

Samhain, Harry remembered. Of course.

The traditional families would be celebrating Samhain tonight. Neville had explained that it was next on the cyclical calendar. It wasn't mentioned in the book by Waffling, but Neville remembered his Aunt talking about it.

"It's a big day for traditionalists," Neville told him. "The veil between worlds is at its thinnest. The veil between the dead and the living, the world of mortals and the Otherworld. My Great Aunt Enid told me that people without the Sight can have visions and prophecies on Samhain. It's a huge deal."

Neville smiled a little at the Slytherins and then turned back to his potions textbook, while the rest of the group took their seats. Harry settled beside the Gryffindor, grabbing his homework from his satchel.

"Hey, Nev, have you seen Hermione at all?" Harry asked.

Draco rolled his eyes. "Not this again."

Harry scowled at the other Slytherin, then turned to Neville. The Gryffindor shook his head, seeming troubled by the thought. "I hope she's okay. I know she's annoying but..."

Harry winced. "Yeah," he said. "Did you hear what Ron said as they were leaving class."

Neville grimaced and nodded. "She's not exactly... liked in Gryffindor tower. I heard the girls in her dorm say some... pretty unkind things. I hope she's okay."

Parkinson made a gagging noise. "How the hell did the two of you stay out of Hufflepuff, that's what I want to know. Next you'll be calling for group hugs and talking about your feelings."

At that point, Neville scowled. "You know, Hermione doesn't deserve the treatment you've been giving her. I thought that you'd have better things to do with your time than petty bullying."

Parkinson's eyes widened. "It's not... she's the one acting like she's better than everyone."

Neville crossed her arms. "Whereas you'd never do anything that crass, right?"

Pansy blushed.

Neville turned back to his book.

The Slytherin's around the table exchanged wide-eyed, astonished looks and stayed silent for the rest of their study-session.

They came to the Great Hall a little late, stepping inside while the rest of the Houses were getting ready for the Feast to arrive. Harry gazed over to the Gryffindor table and didn't spot Hermione.

"I'll go ask if anyone's seen her," Neville said, as if reading Harry's mind.

Neville walked over to the Gryffindor table and approached Lavender Brown. There was an unheard conversation in which Lavender laughed and said something to her friends, who chortled wickedly in turn. Neville scowled and then said something short and sharp that abruptly ended their chuckling and gained the astonished attention of the entire table. Lavender was bright red with humiliation when Neville turned and walked away.

Zabini was smirking with delight when Neville stormed over to the Slytherin table. "I think we might be a bad influence on you, Longbottom."

Neville blushed a little and shrugged. "I'm gonna go check on Hermione," he told Harry. "Wanna come?"

Harry smiled. "Sure," he rose to his feet and followed the Gryffindor out the Hall and up the stairs. "Is everything okay, Nev? You're a little... different today."

Neville winced and shrugged. "Yeah, well..." he cleared his throat and scratched his neck, "my Great Uncle Algie sent me a letter."

"Oh, crap."

"Y-yeah," Neville sighed. "Let's just say it left me in a lousy mood."

"Yeah, I'll bet it did."

Neville sank and a little and glanced at Harry. "Things are getting kinda nasty with my Gran. They're... threatening to cut me off. Professor McGonagall insists they're not legally allowed to but, still..."

"I'm sorry," Harry whispered. "That must be hard."

Neville shrugged. "I guess it just..." he paused, "it just makes me sad, you know? I keep feeling like I should give up and do what she says, but..." he scratched the back of his hand, "Kingsley's been really supportive. He keeps saying I deserve better. That love shouldn't be conditional. I mean, Professor McGonagall has been great, too. But, Kingsley has a way of putting it, you know? He has a sister who's a Squib and they'd never try and cut her off or think less of her for it. He says that I shouldn't have been hurt the way I was, for any reason. That they should have accepted me the way I was, whether I was a Wizard or a no-maj."

"I'm glad you're getting along."

Neville nodded. "I've been taking some potions, too. Pomfrey said that I have an overactive Amygdala, whatever that means. But anyway, I've been taking this potion to even out the stress response or something and reading books on this Magical Meditation stuff. Pomfrey said something weird about 'building up metacognitive skills' and some other stuff I don't really understand. A-anyway, I feel a little more... well, a little less terrified all the time. Or, at least, when I start to panic I can calm myself down better."

Harry smiled. "That's great."

Neville shrugged a little and grinned. "Yeah."

When they reached the bathroom, the paused outside and opened the door a crack, listening for the telltale sign of sniffling and whimpering.

Neville winced, then licked his lips and leaned forward. "H-Hermione?" He called.

There was a pause. "Neville?"

"Hey, yeah," Neville paused. "Are you okay?"

There was the rustle of toilet paper. "I-I'm fine. Y-you shouldn't be in the girl's toilets."

"We're not," Harry called. "We're just outside."

There was a long silence. "Potter?" She choked.

"Um, yeah," Harry winced. "Sorry, I just worried about you when you didn't show up to class."

There was a sniff. "Oh, wonderful," she cried, "come to gloat have you? How many points did you get today?"

Harry sighed. "Look, I don't dislike you. I'm sure the rest of the class doesn't really, either."

Hermione choked a bitter laugh. "Could have fooled me!"

"They don't know you well enough to really dislike you. Some are just looking for someone to pick on," Harry said. "And the others are just overreacting because you have a... well, you have a tone that kinda makes it sound like you think you're smarter than everyone else."

"No I don't!" Hermione yelled.

Neville cleared his throat. "Um, yes, Hermione. You, er, you kinda do."

"Oh..." The girl quietened, then there was the rustle of more toilet paper. "None of the girls like me," she sniffled, "they'd rather read Witch Weekly than our textbooks and all the boys think I'm a show off."

Harry pointedly didn't admit they were a little right.

"Nobody talks to me, outside class," Hermione choked. "I thought that if I made it to Hogwarts, I'd finally be surrounded by people who understood me. But even here, people think I'm the weird know-it-all. Killjoy. Teacher's pet. They keep pranking me and hexing me in the halls!"

Harry winced as a bad smell swept across the corridor, like rotted cabbage and gym socks.

Wow, he grimaced, and he'd thought the boy's bathroom was bad.

He held a hand over his nose and continued.

"I know its hard," he said.

"How would you know!" Hermione snapped. "Everyone loves you! Even the Gryffindors are only mad because you didn't join our House."

Harry swallowed. "I didn't have any friends growing up either, Hermione. People thought I was weird. My cousin used to spend all his free time 'Harry Hunting' with his friends, then breaking my nose when they found me. I know how hard it can be when you're alone, but--" he gagged as the bad smell grew stronger. "Bloody hell, what is that stench?"

Then he heard Neville startle with a choked sound. Harry felt himself be shoved into the girls bathroom and Neville slam the door shut behind them.

"What the hell, Nev!" Harry scowled.

Neville was very pale, standing between Harry and the door, he grabbed his wand and pointed it at the entrance. "T-Troll," he whispered urgently.

Harry blinked. "What?"

"'Mione," Neville hissed at the toilet cubicle. "G-get out here!"

"Neville?" Hermione's toilet door creaked open and she peered around the door. "You're not supposed to be--"

"Shh! There's a--"

The door shuddered as something large jolted against it. Neville silenced and his wand lifted, hand shaking as it pointed at the doorway.

Then a growling grunt sounded outside the door. Like a giant was struggling with the door handle.

There was the drag of something heavy against the floor.

Two stumbling footsteps.

Harry swallowed hard. Pulled out his own wand.

SLAM!

They jumped and squealed as splinters sprayed across the room. The door crashed off its hinges, sliding across the tiles.

On the other side stood a corpse grey creature, so tall its shoulders and head were hidden above the doorframe.

All Harry could see was thick, stumpy legs and an enormous wooden club, which slammed to the ground with a dull thud, where it had destroyed the bathroom door.

The smell was choking. Disgusting.

He could barely breathe as the troll crouched down. It's squat head was balding and its eyes were beady and glazed.

They all watched in horror as it hobbled inside, then straightened to its full height. It's gaze swayed across them, like it was sizing up who to eat first.

Harry swallowed and whispered. "H-how do you hex a troll?"

"Y-you don't," Neville hissed. "They're r-resistant to magic. Thick skin."

Harry hissed a crude word and the troll twisted to stare at him. Then it swirled around and took a step toward the toilet cubicles.

Hermione shrieked and froze.

"Run!" Neville yelled. "'Mione, run!"

But she was panic-stricken, her eyes wide and mouth wobbling with terror.

The troll stumbled closer, club dragging across the ground as it went. When it got closer, it lifted the weapon off the floor. It looked heavy as stone, but the Troll lifted it without any sign of struggle.

Harry swore and swallowed as an idea struck him. He pursed his lips and lifted his wand. "Wingaradium Leviosa!"

The troll blinked confusedly as his club lifted higher, one hand clutched tight but it soon lifted higher than its stubby arms could reach and it gazed up at the sight.

Then, very suddenly, Harry swished his wand down and the club slammed down on the troll's head.

Neville made a stifled gagging sound at the horrifying crack that followed.

They all waited, in silence, as the troll froze, then fell forward and crashed to the floor with a mighty thwack.

All was quiet for a moment. Watching with terror for the troll to twitch or stand up.

"Is it--dead?" Hermione asked.

Harry swallowed and pinched his nose. "Uh, I dunno."

There was a yell down the corridor and voices growing closer, when they looked up Snape dashed into the room, eyes alight and wand raised, as if he were half-way toward casting a particularly nasty curse.

When he spotted Harry, he looked like it took all his self-control not to charge across the room and check on him. His free hand trembled and twitched at his side, wand still raised in the other.

McGonagall came charging in after him with Professor Quirrell behind her. The Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor spotted the troll, made a pathetic noise and sagged against the wall with his hand clutched to his chest.

"What were you thinking of?" McGonagall snarled. "You're lucky you weren't killed. Why aren't you in your dormitory?"

Harry was about to snap something less than polite when Neville jumped in first. "Wh-why is there a s-sodding troll in the castle? Huh! A-answer me that first!" He cried, his shivering hands waving around the place, while he clutched his wand tight. "You really think we went l-looking for the bloody thing!"

McGonagall blinked, then her mouth opened and closed and she scowled. Behind her, Snape smirked a little, then went to check on the troll. "Language, Mr Longbottom," she cleared her throat. "But... I apologize. I assumed... never mind. Why, exactly, were you here, in the ladies lavatory of all places?"

Neville finally blushed at that and his furious indignation faded to something noticeably more subdued. "O-oh, yeah, er..."

"Please, Professor McGonagall, they were looking for me," Hermione said stepping forward, still shivering slightly as she emerged from the toilet cubicle.

"Miss Granger?"

The girl came trembling closer, her hands clenched into fists. "I--um," she cleared her throat, "I was upset and I came to hide out here until the Feast was done and..." she glanced at Harry and Neville, "they came to see if I was okay. If they hadn't, I would probably be dead right now."

McGonagall paled at the thought. "Well," she breathed, "let's be grateful that you are all still with us. You're very lucky, I don't know many first years who could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll. So, well, ten points each for your Houses. I think we should have a little chat before you return to your dorm, Miss Granger."

Hermione swallowed and her cheeks pinked, but Neville smiled supportively at her and whispered something as they left.

"See you tomorrow, Harry," Neville called quietly to him, waving a little.

Harry waved back and swallowed as Snape wandered over from his perch by the troll.

Quirrell was shivering beside the wall, still clutching his heart. The longer they were in the room with the man, the more his head ached.

That was odd. He'd always thought it was the stink of garlic that triggered his headaches, but he couldn't smell anything right now over the stench of troll.

"Mr Potter," Snape murmured, deliberately formal, a hint to be on their guard, "are you well enough to walk to the Hospital Ward or should I use a Stretcher Charm to escort you there?"

Harry reddened. "I'm fine, sir. Really."

Snape lifted a brow at him that spoke volumes.

Harry cleared his throat. "I'll walk."

Snape nodded, then swirled to Quirrell. "I'll leave the brute under your watch, shall I?"

Quirrell stuttered. "M-m-my watch? B-b-but..."

"Worry not," Snape sneered with cordial displeasure, "Albus should be by any minute, I'm certain. We'll get to the bottom of this unfortunate matter. Very soon, I suspect."

He put his hand around Harry's shoulder and began to escort him to the door. When they were long out of sight of any people or portraits, Snape paused, cast a several spells to check the area for listeners and grabbed Harry in a crushing hug.

Harry froze for a moment, not knowing what to do.

He'd barely been held since he was a baby. The sensation always felt odd to him. Like he had no idea what to do. Out of his depth.

He felt Snape's breath shudder against his hair. Hands gripped into Harry's uniform, like he'd disappear if Snape didn't clutch hold of him.

Harry slowly wrapped his arms around the man's back. Cautious. Unsteady. And hugged him back.

When Snape finally pulled away and rose to his feet, his eyes were glazed and furious. "Detention."

"What!" Harry yelped. "What for?"

"I'm certain I'll think of something."

"You can't just--"

"I think you'll find I can."

"But, I didn't mean to--"

"No, you better not have," Snape growled. "However, I don't wish to reward your foray into Gryffindor intrepidity and so you will be writing an essay on every alternative course of action you could have taken in these circumstances and I'll be teaching you a warding charm that would have kept the troll from breaking down the door in the first place."

Harry sighed and frowned. "Okay, sir."

Snape paused, then sank to his knees and stared at Harry. "Make no mistake," he said, hands on Harry's shoulders, "I am very proud and extremely grateful that you managed to survive, but Minerva was not exaggerating when she said you were lucky. Grown Wizards have died attempting to take down a troll and I fear this will not be the last time you find yourself in mortal peril. I am determined to ensure you never again have to rely on luck alone to survive."

Harry swallowed, then nodded. "Okay."

Snape exhaled a shuddering breath, then lifted to his feet. "Come, let's get to Pomfrey quickly. A prefect had to Incarcerous Draco to keep him from doing something utterly stupid."

* * *
Notes:

    ⚠️ SCHEDULE UPDATE! ⚠️

    Hello all, I just wanted to let you know that I will be updating only on Friday's for the foreseeable future. I've been a little less productive than I'd hoped in the last few weeks, but I'm hoping to get more done over my Christmas break (time will tell). I'll keep updated when I can.

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter.

    Have a lovely week!

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 20
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

When Harry arrived back at the common room, Draco leapt across the room, where their friends had apparently been holding him hostage at wand point, rushed at Harry then proceeded to repeatedly thwack him across the shoulder and arms.

"You reckless idiot!" Draco growled, adding a slap to the back of his head. "You utter imbecile! I'm going to kill Granger! Kill her! After I've killed you! You hear me? Stupid bloody Gryffindors dragging you into their stupid bloody reckless nonsense! No more Gryffindors!"

Harry winced as the blonde added another slap to his shoulder. "It's not like we knew a troll was going to come after us!"

Draco kicked him in the shin.

"Ow!"

Draco sniffed, eyes glazed. He lifted his wobbling chin in the air and stormed back to the dorm room. The door slammed loudly. A warning to all who dared to follow.

Harry sighed and rubbed his eyes. "What the hell was that about?" He asked Zabini as the boy walked over with folded arms. "Is he angry with me or Granger?"

"Both. Neither." Zabini snorted. "Either way, be prepared to grovel. Congratulations on still being alive by the way. For now, at least. We'll see how much of you is left when Draco's finished with you."

"But I didn't do anything!" Harry sagged. "How on earth could I predict any of this?"

Parkinson walked over and patted him condescendingly on the shoulder. "Oh, darling, it's adorable that you think that matters," she smirked. "Good luck."

The Slytherins then twirled away toward a giant haul of Halloween sweets and goodies and began plating up.

Harry huffed and paced toward the boys dorm room, he paused outside then knocked quietly on the door.

"GO AWAY!"

Harry winced, then swallowed and slowly turned the handle and peered inside.

Draco had shut the curtains around his bed and hid himself inside. Harry could hear the boy sniffing behind them.

"Um, Draco?"

The boy silenced. "What do you want?"

"To see if you're alright," Harry said, slipping inside the room. "Are you mad with me?"

"Yes!" Draco yelled, then paused. "No! I--" he sniffed again. "Who runs into a stupid bloody troll their first year at Hogwarts?!"

Harry pursed his lips. "I'm sorry for worrying you."

"I wasn't worried!"

"You weren't?" Harry asked, brow lifted.

"O-of course not," Draco sniffed. "I'm a Malfoy. We always remain poised and controlled under pressure."

Harry hummed.

"We do!"

"Okay," Harry said. "Well, I'm fine, in case you wanted to know, and Snape gave me detention to dissuade any Gryffindor-ish leanings."

"Good!" Draco snuffled. "At least someone sees sense!"

Harry smiled as a warmth spreading through his chest.

"Wh-what happened, then?" Draco muttered. "Did the troll kill Granger?"

"No."

"Did it at least mangle her?"

"No," Harry said. "It would have, but I knocked it out with its own club first. Levitation Charm."

Draco made something between a yelp and a laugh. "Idiot!" He hissed. "Next time just run."

Harry smirked. "Neville told off McGonagall."

"Seriously?!"

Harry chuckled and told Draco about Neville snapping at his Head of House, and about the boy shoving Harry into the bathroom and planting himself between the Slytherin and the door, wand raised as if he was ready to take on the troll personally. Then, Neville giving Harry the tip about trolls being magic-resistant that led to Harry's idea.

It took Draco half an hour to calm down and finally emerge from the bed, with eyes still slightly puffy and red. Draco pretended as if nothing were wrong and escorted Harry back to the common room, with his head held high, for the first of several courses of treats.

When the Slytherin's started to disappear later in the evening, off to their mysterious Samhain celebration, Draco stayed behind with Harry and played another few rounds of exploding snap.

#

The next day, when Potions finished, Hermione shuffled over to Harry and Neville's desk, scratching the back of her hand and blushing a little. "Um, can we talk?"

Harry and Neville exchanged a look, while the Gryffindors filed out the room and the Slytherin's hung around by the door, watching Hermione cautious frowns. Draco, in particular, looked as if he was about to hex her.

The Gryffindors had watched Harry with less antagonism than usual when they arrived in the potions corridor outside that day. Apparently Neville's housemates had been tailing him asking questions, but backed off (to Neville's relief) once the Slytherin's were in sight.

Draco reluctantly forgave Neville for being a 'reckless Gryffindor', after hearing his valiant attempts to place himself between Harry and the troll, but had given the poor boy a three minute lecture in the corridor outside when the arrived. Something about not dragging Harry into anymore 'Gryffindor nonsense'. Neville, bless him, just politely nodded and blushed red the entire time.

Harry nodded and smiled a little at Hermione. "Sure," he said. "What's up?"

She chewed her lip and straightened with determination. "I--" Hermione swallowed, "I would like to say thank you," she said, "I--I know that the two of us haven't always seen eye to eye, but you saved me yesterday and I'm... very grateful."

Harry smiled at her. "It's alright, Hermione. I'm just glad you're okay."

Neville nodded. "Me, too."

Hermione slumped with relief, then smiled a little back. "I am, thanks to you two, and... I'm really grateful that you came to check on me yesterday, too. Not a lot of people would have done that. I thought about what you said and you might... possibly, maybe, have a point, about my tone. I'd... I'd really like to stop alienating myself."

"Well, okay then. Maybe..."

Harry wondered where he'd possibly start forging a tentative friendship with Hermione, after so much time being hated by her. She seemed genuine enough, but they didn't have much in common, other than...

"Uh, study group this weekend?" Harry said.

Hermione lit up.

#

Snape genuinely made Harry write the essay on 'alternative courses of action' during the Troll escapade, that Saturday. He marked it as 'Acceptable'. With several notes along the bottom about his complete failure to specify running away as a valid course of action.

"I can't just run away while someone's in peril," Harry said, frowning at the Potions Master as they sat in his office. "Hermione would have died."

"The right thing to do in dangerous situations not always as clear-cut as it was here," Snape said, marking a NEWT paper and adding it to a pile atop his desk. "Running may not be a course of action most would consider palatable, and it may be unnecessary, in cases such as this, when there is another viable plan, but it is an option. Sometimes it is the only option.

"When under attack, one must be willing to consider all the available options before deciding upon the best course of action. One day you may have to make an impossible choice between when to fight and when to run, with both decisions leading to unthinkable losses. Until then, and I truly hope you never have to suffer that agony, always take a moment to consider if the wisest course is to run."

Harry swallowed. "I don't know if I could do that. Leave someone to die like that."

Snape paused, then looked up at him, a quiet glitter of regret in his eyes. "You are your mother's son in that regard and I'm grateful for it," he sighed, then folded his hands on the desk. "However, try to bear in mind that self-sacrificial behavior, the impulse to risk your life in order to save others, while noble, is exactly what the Headmaster wishes to encourage."

Harry winced. "Oh," he looked down at the paper. "Good point."

Snape hummed. "I know you are not used to being cared for, Harry, but if you'd been hurt..." Snape hesitated, his gaze fell to his clenched hands on the desk, "it... it would have caused me excruciating torment. So, for my sake, please don't let Dumbledore lure you into becoming the sacrificial pawn he wishes you to be. Running may not have been necessary in this particular instance, but it may one day save your life. You'll always be brave, I suspect, but don't ever let it be at the expense of your life."

Harry swallowed. "I... I won't," Harry choked. "I'll try, I promise."

Snape nodded once, then slowly unclenched his hands and turned back to his final paper. When he'd finished writing the final scathing remark on a NEWT students essay, he settled it on the pile of others and stood up.

"First things first," the man said as he rounded his desk, "the warding. Any form of warding is normally considered an advanced level subject but, in my opinion, it is never too early to learn some of the more basic spells." He walked over to the door to his cupboard and called Harry over, pulling out his wand. "The ward I am about to show you is simple but powerful. Especially when placed on a door between you and a being or beast such as a troll, which will use physical might rather than magic to try and tear down the obstacle in its way. Watch my wand-work carefully," Snape lifted his wand and drew a horse-shoe shape as he cried, "Resonantia tutela!"

The door glowed, showing it had worked. "Cool," Harry grinned.

Snape smirked slightly. "Now, tell me, in which direction was my wand-work?"

"Uh, anti-clockwise," Harry said. "So, widdershins."

Snape smirked. "Precisely. And your focus should remain..."

"On the object of intention," Harry finished.

Snape looked absurdly proud. It made Harry feel like he'd grown another foot. "Been reading Magical Theory by Waffling, have you?"

Harry nodded.

"Very good," Snape said with a smirk. "No wonder you're ahead of your peers." He pointed toward the door. "How is your latin?"

"Not great," Harry admitted with a wince.

"Well, the first word of the incantation may be easy enough to guess. Resonantia. Any ideas?"

Harry licked his chewed lip and thought. "Resonate... like... an echo?"

"Precisely," Snape walked toward the door and threw a small slap toward it. His hand bounced back with full force. "It uses the physical force of the attacker against them. If a Troll threw a punch at this door, the force of its rebounding would knock the creature out. If it threw a club at the ward and was in the path of its recoil, the troll would undoubtedly be killed. No need for direct confrontation. Let the foolish creature bring down itself."

Harry grinned. "Wicked."

"Indeed," Snape said, then released the warding. "Now you try."

It took three quarters of an hour for Harry to get it right. Snape seemed unsurprised by that fact and very pleased when Harry finally mastered it. He smiled proudly and nodded once and Harry felt like he'd conquered a mountain.

"Very good," Snape smiled. "Now, given what I've told you, what weaknesses do you think this ward holds?"

Harry paused to think about it. "It defends physical attacks, so... is it weak against magical ones?"

Snape nodded. "Precisely. This will work on a Muggle, unless they have a key, but any Wizard or Witch, Goblin or other Being able to wield magic will be able to cast a simple unlocking charm on the door and it will fell this ward. It is a major weakness, but this ward is not designed for protection against magic wielders. Wards against Magic wielders require a much more intricate hand. Sometimes layering several atop one another, such as the one I put on the door to the third floor corridor."

"You did?" Harry's eyes widened.

Snape nodded. "After your previous escapade, with the Cerberus, I thought it best not to tempt fate with the students in the school. It has already proved extremely beneficial in keeping out... unwanted interlopers."

Harry was about ask what Snape was talking about when the Potions Master continued. "Wards to protect against magic wielders, however, will require much more advanced control of your magical core than someone your age is capable of. Though, I suspect that you're ahead of your peers in terms of control of your magical core, due to your time spent practicing occlumency."

"Oh!" Harry cried. "Okay, that makes... a lot of sense."

Snape raised a brow and Harry blushed.

"Um," Harry cleared his throat and scratched the back of his neck, "I did wonder about... why other students were having such a hard time with the levitation charm."

Snape smirked. "Yes, I imagine you would find it odd. Try to think back to your first attempts to control your magic and draw it into your mind, during beginning occlumency practice, and you will find their struggles make far more sense in that context."

Harry's eyes widened. "Oh, that would be... difficult. I could barely focus my magic for a few seconds when I started."

Snape nodded. "It will be similar for most of your classmates. Control comes with age, but occlumency can often hasten the process. Or, more specifically, Magical Meditation practice does. It enhances control over one's magical core and, over time, has also been shown to strengthen control over one's emotional responses, reduce impulsivity and diminish unhealthy levels of anxiety, particularly when combined with Menscari, I've read."

"So... that's why I'm ahead of the class."

"In practical magic, most likely, yes," Snape said. "In theoretical work, it is purely down to your own work ethic and intellect. Do not diminish the toil you put in. You put more time in to your studies than most of the rest of your class combined. With the exception of Miss Granger, I suspect."

Harry felt his cheeks burn and his head dipped to stare at the floor. "Um, thanks."

Snape reached forward and gently squeezed his shoulder. Then he cleared his throat and straightened.

"Yes, well," Snape wandered back to his desk and pulled the letter from Lucius Malfoy out, "on to the next item, then."

Harry nodded and wandered over to the seat opposite. "What do you think? Should I take the mentorship offer?"

Snape drummed his fingers against the desk. "I think it holds potential, especially given our long-term plans. Draco is correct about his father being a proficient political figure. Lucius's knowledge of Wizengamot politics and Ministry maneuvering is unparalleled and could prove extremely useful in the years to come. Not to mention the benefits of an alliance. Having Lucius Malfoy actively working to further your interests could prove crucial."

"So you don't think its a trap?" Harry asked.

Snape raised a brow at his choice of words. "You sound almost as paranoid as I am."

Harry burst with a choked laugh. "Oh, er, I just meant..."

Snape smirked. "I know what you meant. It is not quite a trap. But Lucius undoubtedly has a plot in mind. Draco is right when he says that you have the potential to hold a position of some great power in the years to come and you have obviously garnered the man's approval and interest by already attempting to educate yourself on the matter of politics. I believe, knowing Lucius as I do, that he is attempting to put himself in a position in which he can influence your future views on certain issues. Making sure that you further the interests of the old families, rather than that of Albus Dumbledore, or the Ministry."

Harry blinked, then slowly leaned forward, lowering his voice. "You mean... traditionalist issues, don't you? The old holidays."

Snape hesitated, then stared at Harry in astonishment. "Did Draco..."

"No," Harry shook his head. "Neville spotted some Slytherins picking marigolds on the Equinox."

Snape growled. "Imbeciles."

"Neville won't say anything," Harry assured him. "We only suspected anything because Neville spotted some stuff in Magical Theory by Waffling about points in the year when magic is in flux and we all had an innocent theoretical discussion on the old holidays."

Snape rubbed his eyes, apparently not appeased by this news. He muttered something about "bloody children" and huffed dramatically before he returned to his usual poise. "Yes, well, moving on," he cleared his throat, "there are several issues that I'm sure Lucius Malfoy would prefer you were educated in, before falling prey to Ministry propaganda. There are conversations which we can have with you once you are in the Malfoy's inner circle which cannot be held otherwise."

Harry blinked. "The Malfoy's are... in charge of a certain... circle, then?"

Snape raised a brow, smirking a little. "I cannot say."

Harry paused, there was something about the way Snape worded it. Something about the way he'd focused on Lucius Malfoy and the secrecy with which he spoke of it. Dancing around the topic, even in the privacy of the man's office.

The realization dawned slowly. "A Fidelius... He's the circle's Secret Keeper?"

Snape's smile was glowing with pride. "You constantly surprise me."

Harry scratched the back of his neck and shrugged, his cheeks aching from beaming so brightly. "So, he wants me to become an ally so that he can include me on a certain secret."

"I believe so," Snape said, leaning back with a smile. "Along with, I suspect, the obvious intentions to indoctrinate you with anti-Muggle sentiment. He will fail, of course, but he does not need to know that yet. He still believes you are impressionable, which makes him believe you can be moulded to mirror his beliefs. That is something which we can easily handle. I believe that he is attempting to seek out a more neutral territory, in the conflict which he suspects is yet to come, by gathering alliances with you and likely other neutral-leaning parties."

Harry's brows rose at that. "I thought he was loyal to the Dark Lord."

Snape winced. "It is complicated," he said, licking his lips. "Lucius... he is a survivor. The Malfoy's all are. I will not say the man is... without fault. He is a killer and a bigot. But, unlike his late father, I do not believe Lucius ever truly wished to grovel at the feet of a maniacal Master. Lucius Malfoy..." Snape's gaze turned far-away and somber, "his loyalties have always been with himself and his family. He was never truly the Dark Lord's devoted servant. It is my firm belief that he joined to avoid being disowned by his father. However, he would never trust Dumbledore with his safety and the safety of his family. For good reason, I suspect."

Harry swallowed. "So... we could turn him..."

Snape gazed at Harry, then slowly nodded. "Lucius Malfoy could very well be amenable to a more... flexible faction, who better serves his interests. But never forget that his true loyalties are only with his family. If he sides with us, we will simply be a means to an end."

Harry nodded. "Understood."

Snape smiled at Harry. "With all that being said... I must ask, do you truly wish to continue with this?"

Harry paused. "With an alliance?"

"That," Snape said, "but also placing yourself in a position within the Wizengamot. When we were corresponding on the subject of the Wizarding government, you appeared less than impressed by the current state of affairs. No matter how useful it is, if you find the thought of contributing to it abhorrent, I will understand."

Harry winced and nodded. "No, I'm not happy about the way things are," he sighed. "I don't think it's a fair system. Having a bunch of old pure-blood families with anti-Muggle, anti-Goblin, anti-Werewolf and anti-House Elf ideals all clogging up the government and making all the laws, is just a recipe for inequality and hatred, but..." he licked his bottom lip and stared into space, "I... I want to do something about it... one day. And I don't think I can do that from the sidelines."

When Harry looked back to Snape, the Professor was smiling. "I thought you might say that," he said, voice easy with admiration. He nodded once. "Remember that, in the years to come. Power... has a way of robbing people of their idealism. Or twisting it into something else."

Harry swallowed, then straightened. "I will. I'll remember."

Snape smiled. "Well then, I think we should start crafting an appropriate reply, don't you?"

Harry grinned.

#

Draco genuinely shrieked with joy when Harry told him he was accepting his father's offer and beginning the process of brokering an alliance, then leapt at Harry and abruptly tackled him in the middle of the common room.

They both ended up sprawled on the floor with Draco grinning maniacally above him. "This is wonderful! Finally! Father said not to pester you, but it was killing me. Now you can come to the Yule Ball! It's exclusive, you see. We've got to go shopping, I've been dying to overhaul your wardrobe. I told mother everything. We're staging an intervention as soon as possible. You'll need dress robes and several casual outfits, of course. Not to mention more shoes. For Merlin's sake, do you only own one pair?"

"What's wrong with my wardrobe?"

Draco lifted a brow at him. "Other than the fact you wear the same three sets of identical trousers and shirts on rotation? And I've seen your pajamas. Those need to be burned, as soon as physically possible."

Harry cleared his throat. He'd still been wearing Dudley's old clothes to bed. Jiffy had shrunk them to fit and repaired them but... they were still less than flattering. "I, um, I guess I could use some extra clothes."

Draco beamed. "Wonderful!" Then he leapt to his feet and dragged Harry to the sofa set, among the other first year Slytherins, to discuss all the Christmas arrangements. Apparently having already decided that Harry would be spending it at Malfoy Manor.

Harry tried, once or twice, to hint that he might, maybe, possibly stay in Hogwarts for Christmas break, but the comments went completely over Draco's head.

"You don't want you cooped up in this drafty old castle by yourself. I'm sure that--"

"Darling," Greengrass interrupted, huffing loudly, "for Salazar's sake, have you perhaps considered that Potter might want to spend Christmas in Hogwarts?"

Draco barked a laugh. "Why on earth would he want to spend Christmas here?"

Zabini rolled his eyes. "Merlin, you're dense sometimes. Because Professor Snape is here, you moron."

Harry cleared his throat and Draco froze. "Oh," Draco sank and his cheeks pinked. "Oh, um, of course. I didn't--"

"It's okay," Harry smiled nervously. "Thanks for thinking of me. I'm grateful for it."

Draco nodded and swallowed. "Um, yes, well, maybe Professor Snape will be able to take you to visit."

Harry smiled and shrugged. "Maybe. But either way, I promise that we can hang out all you like over Summer break."

Draco beamed, then spent half an hour planning out Harry's summer break; bragging about the Quidditch pitch on the Malfoy grounds, bemoaning the evil peacocks and insisting they should really do a trip to Paris and Milan, as they had the best robe-makers in Europe.

Eventually, Harry was able to sway the conversation back to the matter of alliances. Snape had answered a lot of his questions but they'd run out of time when the man had to leave for a 'prior engagement'.

"I, uh, was wondering about Wizarding Houses," Harry said. "The way your father talked about the House of Malfoy and the House of Potter, it sound like a House was a distinct classification."

"It is," Draco said, lifting a brow. "Not every family earns the title of a House, just some Houses can have a membership of only one."

"Oh," Harry said, blinking confusedly, "how does the title get earned, then? What is the difference?"

"In a word, tradition," Draco said. "Something which is becoming bulldozed more and more by Muggle culture. Wizarding Houses build upon centuries of traditions: alliances, blood feuds, pacts, debts and so on. A House is built by compacts, covenants and contracts. Both magical and non-magical." Draco smirked delightedly. "Your negotiations with father will prove invaluable experience with this, I suspect. Alliances are an enormous part of being the Head of a House, particularly if you wish to become trusted in the political sphere."

"Really?" Harry said.

"Father always says you cannot trust someone who's never forged a formal alliance. For example," Draco continued with a slight sneer, "Fudge made all sorts of promises to the old families when he crawled his way into the Minister position. Handshakes and back-room deals. But as soon as he became Minister he stabbed them in the back. Father tried to warn others, but they didn't listen. People who forge alliances and stick to their agreements are more trustworthy. Their word means more because they've proven it to be. Madam Bones is a much more dignified example of someone who should have been Minister. She might not always agree with the Dark-aligned families, she's no traditionalist, but she stands by her word."

The rest of the Slytherins nodded grimly. "Alliances are the lifeblood of the Wizengamot," Greengrass continued. "It is not be formally required to have an alliance, but if a new House wished to build the level of rapport and trust usually required to be voted in by the Wizengamot, they'd need some formal alliances, pacts and mentorships otherwise they're unlikely to be trusted by a good portion of the House Seats. And if you want to get a new law passed, you'll need the same."

Harry raised a brow. "Really? The Wizengamot decide on votes based on who they like?"

The Slytherins shrugged, as if this was to be expected. "Father always says that the Lords of the Wizengamot vote within their interests," Draco said. "You can convince some to vote on a bill by making it seem as if it will benefit them but, if not, you'll have to do some persuading."

Wow, no wonder the Minister was getting desperate. Not that Harry agreed with what he was doing. Harry had read about the people Fudge had hired to positions in his office, including one vile woman who seemed personally invested in stripping werewolves of any remaining rights they had left. Fudge was no better than the Wizengamot, but at least the Wizengamot were mostly lazy and set in their ways, instead of ruthlessly power-hungry and egotistic.

Harry nodded, then chewed his lip. "So, you're next in line for the Malfoy Wizengamot seat?"

Draco looked incalculably smug at the thought. "Yes. Quite a few of us are also being trained up to hold their House's seat. Pansy and I, as well as Greengrass, Nott, Davis and Longbottom. And Zabini, I believe you hold a similar heirship to a seat on the courts in the Italian peninsula?"

Zambini nodded, a little smirk on his lips. "The council there dates back to Roman times."

The eyes of the Slytherins widened with barely-suppressed awe. Then, Greengrass rolled her eyes and scoffed. "Show off."

Zambini grinned at her.

"Anyway," Draco continued, turning back to Harry, "the points of an alliance can be discussed and negotiated by owl correspondence but it is not truly seen as final until it is spoken aloud in the witness of magic. Most other forms of contract are the same. Verbal agreements and oaths take precedent in the Wizarding World. Goblins are a bit of an exception to the rule, as they tend to infuse magic into their written contracts as standard."

"In the witness of magic?" Harry said, the words sounded more than merely ceremonial. "What does that mean?"

"It's an old belief," Parkinson said. "If a magic wielder speaks a vow, oath or pact aloud, then magic bears witness to it. If one party goes back on a their word, people believe that magic will curse their line with misfortune. Especially with Life Debts."

Harry blinked at that. "Life Debts? Really? They're still a thing?"

"Oh yes." Draco nodded emphatically. "They're a little outdated to some, but still some still occur. It's an old custom that has fallen out of practice as Muggle culture slowly overrode the traditional ways. If a member of a Wizarding House saves a prominent member of another Wizarding House, by putting themselves in a position of mortal peril, a Life Debt can be offered as gratitude."

"It's basically a form of alliance," Parkinson said. "But an alliance with one party owing gratitude to the other, so it is rather one-sided. Until the debt is paid, the owing party cannot ask formal favors or patronage from the other, but the one owed can. The most traditional way of earning out the debt is by saving a member of the House in turn. But life debts can also be forgiven through formal agreements, a payment or transaction and, of course, a marriage contract. Sometimes people only acknowledge a life debt after they've pre-arranged some form of compensation, to avoid setting up an alliance."

"Why would they do that?" Harry asked.

"Because of a difference in political ideology," Greengrass said, "or because they might have an alliance with another House that has a blood feud with the other party. Alliances are complicated and require work. There is such a thing as too many. You should try not to work against an ally's interests or you end up causing tension or even a blood feud. If you have too many alliances of differing interests then things can get complex. You have to be a truly masterful negotiator to navigate multiple alliances."

Suddenly, Harry realized just how significant Lucius Malfoy's offer of an alliance was. And just how confident Malfoy would have to be as the Head of a House, to form an alliance with the Boy-Who-Lived while still holding alliances with Houses that sympathized with Voldemort, if not outright followed him.

Harry couldn't help but remember Snape's words about Lucius Malfoy's expertise at bartering. He'd referred to him as a 'skilled opponent'. Harry suspected he was right.

You'd have to have nerves of steel to spin that many plates and not have them all come crashing to the ground.

Harry was almost curious to see how the Malfoy patriarch would handle it. Especially when it came to the point of negotiating. That should be interesting.

"Also," Zabini said, brow lifted, "some people prefer not to owe a debt to another House, even if it gains them an alliance. Since the alliance starts as one-sided, you don't see a lot of benefit until the debt is paid. And, though the payment is generally negotiated..." he paused, "some Houses can coerce the one who owes the debt into doing something don't want to do, to pay it back. Or they can just refuse to pay off the debt and continue asking favors and patronage for generations."

Harry's eyes widened at that. "R-really?"

Zabini nodded.

"A Life Debt is optional, though," Greengrass continued. "Not a lot of families bother with that tradition, since it is so open to abuse. And it only counts if you're not already allied."

"Why?" Harry asked.

Draco rolled his eyes. "Because being allies already means you look out for one another," he said, then grinned at Harry and bumped their shoulders together.

* * *
Notes:

    ⚠️ SCHEDULE UPDATE! ⚠️

    Hello everyone! Thanks again for all the wonderful comments, subscriptions and kudos. You really make my day.

    Just wanted to warn in advance that I'm having trouble writing at the moment and my updates may become more erratic in the future weeks. I'm hoping to keep up some steady weekly or fortnightly releases but I don't want to rush things out before they're ready. I hope you're not all too disappointment.

    But, fear not. I have planned a new update on Christmas Day for you to enjoy.🎄🎁

    Have a wonderful week and a fantastic Christmas/Winter Holiday break.

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 21
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Narcissa greeted him as he stepped out of the Floo, into the Entry Room of Malfoy Manor.

"Severus," she said, with a slow and hawk-eyed smile. She lifted her hand for him to press a polite kiss to. She was wearing a splendid silver silk dress with long lace sleeves and a draping lace cape that swirled across the floor like a wedding trail. "Lovely to see you again."

Narcissa never seemed to be wearing anything but her finest clothes. As if she refused to dress herself in anything but the most beautiful garments in her collection.

"And you," he replied, kissing the back of her hand. "I apologize for the delay. I was held up."

Narcissa watched him, discreetly, as if measuring him by sight. "Head of House duties?"

Severus nodded. "You look exquisite, my dear," he said, "as always."

Narcissa lifted a brow at him. "You know, you only ever seem to provide me a compliment when you're trying to distract me."

"You wound me," Severus held a hand to his chest, "if it seems that way, it is only because you always appear to know far too much."

Narcissa smiled at him. "You're utterly without shame."

"Usually."

"Come," she said, turning and waving for him to follow, "supper is ready."

The meal was a stilted, delicate affair, filled with tiny plates of complicated, delicious food and utterly contrived conversation.

Lucius spent the entirety of the first half engaging Severus in polite, stiff questions about how he was finding the first two months of the new term and how Draco was doing in his classes. The Lord was at his scheming best, circling the waters, scenting for blood.

"The first of Draco's quarterly meetings should be next week," Severus told him, almost hoping the Lord would get on with his ambush before the Potions Master expired from boredom. "I'm going to spend the time talking with him on which subjects need more work. Several of the upper years have offered to start up tutorial sessions for students behind in their classes. More than last year, in fact."

"Glad to hear it," Lucius hummed, slicing into his small steak of rose veal tonnato. "Slytherin has been blessed to have you as their guardian, Severus, I'm sure. The snakes have truly thrived under your tutelage."

"Thank you," Severus said, barely resisting the urge to roll his eyes.

"And Mr Potter has been benefiting from your sanctuary, I suspect," Lucius continued. "Draco seems worried about the competency of his... relatives."

Finally, Severus almost sighed with relief. At least when Lucius was attempting to rattle him he wasn't stupefying the Professor with insipid smalltalk.

Lucius had always preferred to lure his targets into a false security before he probed them for information. Severus had spent far too much time with the Lord for the tactic to work.

"I'm sure that Albus wouldn't dare leave the boy with incompetents," Severus said, and waited for the Lord to spit bile at the mere mention of the Headmaster's name.

He didn't have to wait long.

Few things rattled the poker-faced Lord, but Albus Dumbledore was an unfailing irritant.

"Such faith," Lucius said, voice dripping with unveiled sarcasm. "I'm rather less optimistic about Albus Dumbledore's abilities as a guardian. He's a competent manipulator and a masterful opponent in the political sphere, but," Lucius lifted a brow, "I think we both know that the stewardship of children has never been his forte."

Severus simply sliced through the meat of his veal and took a bite, letting the silence linger.

Lucius was correct, of course. Albus had always made a lousy protector of the adolescents in his care. He loved Hogwarts. The majesty and history of it. And, of course, he loved the idea of being the caretaker of the next generation. But he'd always been too much of a believer in nature over nurture.

Albus Dumbledore gave up on a quarter of the student population the moment they were sorted into Slytherin. And he had, time and time again, ignored the plight of abused children. Even when the abuse led them straight into the clutches of a psychopath. Straight into the Dark Lord's army.

Albus Dumbledore was a terrible Headmaster and, though Lucius's motives for ousting the man were less than noble, they could both agree there were people better qualified for the job than him.

"I trust you are," Lucius hesitated, "attending to matters."

Severus licked his lip, his grip tightening on his knife. "Aren't I always?"

Lucius hummed and nodded once, in the same regal manner Severus had spotted Draco mimicking. "I'd hoped that we might arrange for the young Mr Potter to visit the Manor, if possible, during the Christmas break. It would be an advantage to all if we could discuss certain matters in person."

"Of course," Severus nodded. "That can be arranged."

Lucius took a sip of water, watching Severus out the corner of his eye. "Wonderful," he said, almost nonchalantly. "He's an impressive boy, isn't he?" Lucius pierced the veal and sliced into the meat. "He already appeared to be aware of certain people's unfortunate tendency toward overbearing control in the matter of politics, when Draco first contacted me on his behalf. Is that your influence?"

"As much as I would like to take credit, it appears Mr Potter has more political savvy than I would ever be capable of imparting on him."

Lucius hummed. "That's a relief." Severus scowled and the Lord chuckled. "Forgive me, Severus. Yours is one of the most intelligent minds I've ever had the pleasure of working with, but you have no temperament for politics. To be frank, I suspect it bores you."

Severus rolled his eyes. "To be equally frank, it does."

Lucius smirked. "It's a shame, really. I've always suspected that someone with your intellect would thrive in the political sphere, but it might require you to behave pleasantly on a daily basis and, alas, I suspect you only treat someone to that privilege when you're about to blackmail or betray them."

"Really, Lucius, you're too kind."

Lucius lifted a brow. "Sometimes, my friend, I suspect you're saving all your charm up for a rainy day. I do hope that Mr Potter is not the same."

"From the way Draco has been unceasingly singing his praises," Narcissa chimed in from the other side of the table, "I suspect not."

Severus shrugged. "He has potential in many areas. More than Dumbledore will ever attempt foster, I'm afraid."

"His mother was the same, I suppose. Full of unrealized potential," Narcissa continued in a conversation air. "And you, of course."

Severus halted.

Narcissa took a sip of wine, delicate as ever. "I suppose it would make sense for the boy to be the same," she said, "if, of course, he is your blood, as the rumor mill has been claiming."

Lucius sighed. "Darling..."

"Oh, hush Lucius," she huffed, "you're dying of curiosity, just as much as I. Sometimes it benefits to quietly orbit a subject until the truth slips free, but often it pays to be blunt."

Severus's facial muscles twitched uncomfortably as he resisted the urge to narrow his eyes. Narcissa had always been a better interrogator than Lucius. She had a way of charming or surprising her targets out of their deepest secrets.

People often underestimated her.

"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about," Severus said.

"That would be some feat," Narcissa lifted her glass of red wine and smirked, "given that every student and staff member in Hogwarts have been speaking on nothing else for the last two months. You are many things, Severus, but I'm fairly sure you aren't blind and deaf."

Severus's desperately managed to keep from sneering. The last time he tried that with Narcissa she'd somehow dosed his tea with veritaserum. "If you have researched the subject, you will know that it is impossible," he picked up his wine.

"Is it?" Narcissa seemed particularly amused.

"Yes," Severus sipped his wine, "as Lucius will attest, around the time of the Harry's conception, I was almost perpetually in the company of the Dark Lord's most loyal and devoted soldiers. Of whom, I'll remind you, I was a member. I haven't a clue how I could have possibly conceived a child with Lily Potter."

Narcissa lifted her brow. "One would assume the old fashioned way. You're a little old for 'the talk', aren't you?"

Lucius choked on his wine, half-amused and half-horrified. "Cissy!"

The Lady rolled her eyes. "Severus is practically family, Lucius. Stop with this insufferable posturing. I agonized through enough of it this week."

Lucius massaged his temples, then sighed and nodded. "Dobby!" He barked. The House Elf popped into the room, looking as disheveled and unwell as ever. "Bring the Bellhaus Firewhiskey and three crystal tumblers to the parlor."

"Yes, sir!" The House Elf popped away.

Severus sank with relief. "Thank Merlin," he muttered as they discarded their napkins onto the table and moved toward the parlor.

About two glasses of firewhiskey in, Narcissa called for a cheese board, with two bottles of wine from their personal vineyard in Sardinia. After that, the night descended rapidly.

Narcissa spent most of it making mocking remarks about Minister Fudge, who'd dined with them that week and spent the entire time drooling over her and complementing their home with barely-concealed envy.

"There isn't enough whiskey in the world to erase the memory of Cornelius salivating," the Lady shuddered, then glared at her husband. "Never do that to me again."

"It had to be done, my dear," Lucius insisted, "the plebeian is determined to raid the Dark-aligned Houses. If I get him in our pocket, we could save ourselves a great deal of fretting in the years to come. Not to mention, pull him away from Albus Dumbledore's clutches. Eventually, I suspect the Minister will be more amenable to a traditionalist persuasion."

Severus rolled his eyes. "You're wasting your time with that imbecile. Men like Fudge are in far too many pockets for it to truly benefit anyone but himself."

"Precisely!" Narcissa cried, standing to her feet and refilling Severus and Lucius's glasses, despite their half-hearted attempts to stop her. "You're better off taking a determined stance against the man. Stop slinking about in the shadows. You know he's breaking the law. He can't just claim seats."

"I can't afford to make an enemy of the Minister, no matter how much I loathe him. There are still a few too many houses who'll vote to keep him in power, just to keep Albus happy." Lucius spat the Headmaster's name. His brow lifted as he drank some more wine. "Better to turn him to our advantage than destroy him. Never burn your bridges."

Severus snorted. "That would depend on what waits on the other side of the bridge, my friend."

Lucius eyed him and smirked. "Says the Master of Disillusion himself. I don't know if you've burned a bridge in your life, friend. Too busy playing your enemies against one another."

"I've burned plenty," Severus replied, taking a sip of wine. "I just make sure my enemies don't know the path is tinder, until they find themselves drowning in the river beneath."

Lucius barked a sadistic laugh. "Remind me never to make an enemy of you."

"I'm sure you need no reminding."

Lucius took a generous swig of wine and Severus could see, from the wicked smirk that relaxed at the man's mouth, that he'd officially drank a little too much. Lucius peered at Severus with a curious leer. "I can honestly think of no more fitting irony than you, the Dark Lord's favorite, fathering the boy who vanquished him."

Severus felt a shiver down his spine. "I was never the Dark Lord's favorite."

"But you did father the Boy-Who-Lived?" Lucius smirked victoriously, then lifted his hand in surrender at Severus's glare. "I'll back off the subject, for now. But you were his favorite. We could all see it. It drove some mad with jealousy, to see him clear the path for you to become his right hand. You, the gifted half-blood. Merlin only knows why, with the way he treated anyone with Muggle blood. Every other half-blood was languishing in the bottom ranks, but he favored you above all. As much as a man like that can favor anyone, I suppose."

Severus cleared his throat. "The Dark Lord favored the intellect and acumen I could provide his army. Not me."

Lucius hummed. "Yes. Most likely." Lucius stared across at the fireplace. "Avery told tales of you at meetings, you know? The little half-blood who could best most the Slytherin upper years. The vicious dark hexes you would shoot at any purist who dared try to intimidate you. Avery showed him all the spells you created. Bragged about your potions prowess. There's a reason he ordered us to coach you for his ranks."

A horrid nausea welled in Severus's throat. The thought of that monster grooming him for his army at so young an age. Hearing of him and feeling curious. Like Severus was some kind of novelty. The capable half-blood.

He didn't like the suggestion that the Dark Lord was capable of favoring him. It scratched at old wounds. A bitter, broiling sense of unease rose at the thought. The desperate need to be loved. The desire for someone to feel proud of him.

He knew better than to believe the Dark Lord capable of those kinds of emotions.

But the delusion had never quite disappeared.

Narcissa tensed the more Lucius talked, her knowing eyes watching him curiously. Suddenly, the woman leapt to her feet. "Gentlemen," she lifted a hand as if to summon them to follow, "to the library."

Lucius lifted a brow at his wife, but grabbed his glass and did as bid. They followed the woman up the stairs and into the grand library. A stunning great room with two levels decorate in an opulent baroque style. The ceiling was carved and painted with the old Celtic gods.

Lucius barked a House Elf's name and ordered them to bring another bottle of wine. Narcissa rolled her eyes and smirked at Severus. Then, with a single finger, she called them both over to a section of the Library where the bookshelves parted in an alcove.

"Hands to yourself, Severus," she said warningly.

Severus lifted a brow. "Always, my dear," with an tone of great offense, "I am a collector of information, not worldly goods."

Narcissa smirked at him. "Hence the warning," she said, then summoned a dagger and pressed the sharp tip to her finger and with a quick, song-like incantation and a flick of her bleeding hand, the alcove trembled, then yawned wide into a dark corridor, overhanging with dusty leather tomes.

The sconces burst with a dim flame. Narcissa cast a Lumos and walked through the hidden corridor, walking with a determination and familiarity that told Severus she'd long since memorized these shelves.

He followed behind Lucius, eyes trailing across the titles of the book. Most Dark, as he'd expected. Some were, most likely, the rarest in the world. The old families knew better than to keep their less-than-legal texts out in the open. Most had hidden collections, shrouded from plain sight. He felt somewhat honored at the thought they'd allowed Severus to see theirs.

He gazed eagerly as he passed. Some books were on the Dark Arts, some on the old holidays, some on Celtic traditions and lost spells.

They continue through to an octagonal room. Dark and flickering with dim candlelight. The walls were littered with bookshelves. Above them hung a sweeping domed roof.

In the centre of the room was a brass bowl sitting on a plinth, carved with runes and oozing with dark sorcery. Only when Severus stepped forward and gazed into the bowl, did he realize it's purpose.

It was a ceremonial vessel.

"Blood Magic?" He said, brow raised. "I did not take you for practitioners. The results are far too erratic."

Narcissa swept around the room, one hand lifted toward the bookshelves as she searched for her subject. "Lucius has dabbled, when necessary," she said, "but I’ve some more varied experience in the Blood Arts. Magic is magic, Severus. I wouldn't think you averse to a little uncertainty."

"Really?" Severus blinked. That seemed far more dangerous than he'd ever expected Narcissa to trifle with. Blood Magic could turn dangerous because of a single variant. Much like Potions, but far more wild. With Blood Magic, there were too many unknowns. Some claimed that practitioners were at the mercy of 'The Will of Magic'. "I did not take you for the type."

Narcissa turned and gave him a withering look. "And what type would that be?"

Severus shrugged. "It is a more... reckless endeavor than most Dark Arts practitioners ever dabble with."

Narcissa smirked at that. "Yes, that it is. Far too dangerous for the average Slytherin, that is for sure. My father always called it the Fools Art. You have to have a Gryffindor sense of adventure to attempt it, that's for certain, and a strong stomach," she turned back to the shelves and traced her hand along. "I was able to make copies of these from Aunt Walburga's collection before Sirius looted it all to spite his mother."

Severus's brows rose. "He destroyed them?"

Narcissa tittered wickedly, then grinned at him. "Darling," she scoffed, "Cousin Sirius was obsessed with the Blood Arts."

Severus's eyes widened. "What!"

"Oh yes," Narcissa smirked and checked a couple of the books, searching for what she needed, "like I said, you have to have a Gryffindor sense of adventure for these things. Auntie always told Sirius that only fools attempted the Blood Arts and that she'd disown him if he ever toyed with such 'reckless nonsense', and so, of course, he dived right in."

Severus snorted and rolled his eyes. "Of course."

Narcissa chuckled. "He was quite adept at it, from what I saw of his work. I don't know how he kept it from dear old Albus for so long, but the Aurors had a nasty surprise when they looted his flat in Camden."

Lucius snickered beside Severus, pouring more wine into his glass. "He'd gathered quite the loot for intent readings, tracking spells and magic only knows what else. It's almost a shame to see him locked up, as proficient as he'd become at the Blood Arts. There are so few competent practitioners left."

That should have surprised Severus more than it did. Sirius Black had always been a reckless idiot. Of course, growing up in a home surrounded by the Dark Arts, he'd be attracted to the one sister art that most all Dark Wizards and Witches universally agreed was needlessly dangerous and foolhardy.

It made a twisted sort of sense.

"Aha!" Narcissa cried, then snatched a book from the wall and breezed through the pages inside. She nodded to herself, then set it down on a side-table, pulled a dagger from beside the ceremonial vessel, cast a few basic cleaning charms, then pricked her finger and drew a Beorc rune and a Gēr rune, in her blood. She sang a beautiful incantation, like a siren song. Severus watched with intrigue as the book duplicated perfectly in a swell of twisting, almost liquid red magic.

Narcissa looked particularly smug as she handed the copy to him. "Unlike a Gemino Curse, this is permanent copy of equal value. One of the advantages of that reckless Blood Magic you scorn so much."

"Impressive." Severus smirked a little and stared at the book, opening it to the title page. Reproductive Blood Magics. No author name. The book was handwritten in neat script, the way only the most banned or underground subjects of magic were.

This was someone's life work. A compilation of every spell they could find on the subject from numerous written and oral sources.

As he flicked through the pages and grew more amazed.

Blood Magics may not have been formally abolished, but that was only because they were considered by the Ministry to be the Darkest Arts, by default of their unpleasant status as a form of 'Sacrificial Magic'. However, many of the spells in this book were more Light-Aligned than anything else. They aided the very creation of life. Nothing could be less Dark. And yet, it was hidden away in this Dark Arts collection, surrounded by books on how to cause pain and inflict suffering upon others.

"Although many prefer the old fashioned way," Narcissa said, wordlessly healing her wound and cleaning up the blood on the tabletop and ceremonial blade, "there are a few less traditional ways to conceive a child."

Severus's brows rose as he reached a section on birthing magics, different types of Blood Magic glamours or bodily alterations to conceal the paternity of a child, down to their very blood. To the point that it would trick a Gringott's test.

His mind strayed to the fading Blood Magic spell that had started all of this. He'd long suspected an advanced sort of Blood Magic glamour. Perhaps Lily had performed one on Harry. If Sirius Black was truly a Blood Arts practitioner, she might have had access to this book through him.

But why? How? He couldn't help but wonder. As much as he'd like to believe otherwise, Severus could not imagine Lily conducting an affair with him. He'd not been her type before he'd taken the Dark Mark. He doubted turning Death Eater had endeared him to her.

Then he turned the page, and there it was.

His breath caught in his throat.

Severus hadn't known how much he'd longed for this until the opportunity stared him in the face.

He pulled himself out of his reverie to regard Narcissa. "Thank you," he said, genuinely. "I am grateful for your trust."

Narcissa placed her own copy of the book back on the shelf and turned to him with a smile. "Just remember how grateful you are when you figure out the truth. And don't forget," she winked, "I can keep a secret."

Severus rolled his eyes.

#

"No," Draco snarled, planting himself between Harry and the dorm room door as Harry went to leave. "Absolutely not."

Harry sighed. "It's just a study group, Draco."

"For now," the blonde said, eyebrow raised. "First you're just having study groups with the mud--"

"Draco," Harry's tone was warning.

The boy huffed and rolled his eyes. "With the Muggle-born. Then, before you know it, you'll be on a first name basis and be..." Draco shuddered, "friends. It's a slippery slope and I will not allow it."

"Draco," Harry sighed, "do you remember what I said to Ron on the train? About my friends."

"That he's not allowed to dictate which friends you make," Draco said, chin raised, haughty and superior.

"And..." Harry waited for the boy to figure it out, but Draco seemed determined not to. "And neither are you."

Draco scowled and sniffed, lip pouting a little as he glared at the corner of the room. "That was before we were allied Houses."

"Technically we're still not allied Houses, yet. We haven't had any negotiations."

"But we're in the process of it," Draco said. "And so it is my duty to tell you that you are committing social suicide associating with that mud--Muggle-born."

"My mother was a Muggle-born, Draco," Harry sighed. "I don't subscribe to the pure-blood supremacy stuff. I thought you understood that?"

"Fine, but--" Draco's shoulders sank and he turned to Harry with wide, pleading eyes, then loudly whined, "but can't you find a different Muggle-born, at least. There are others that aren't so..." he made a face, "utterly, infuriatingly annoying. She's such a show-off, always showing everyone up and pleading for attention."

Harry wondered if Draco saw any irony, any at all, at him of all people, complaining about someone's attention-seeking tendencies.

"I heard there's a third year Muggle-born who is heir to a Muggle Peerage," Draco said, brow lifted. "I hear he's got contacts in the Muggle government. That could be useful. If you were to pick a Muggle-born to associate with, I could approve of him. He's a Hufflepuff, but we can forgive him that. It's better than yet another Gryffindor, at least."

Harry rolled his eyes. "Draco, I'm not going around actively seeking a Muggle-born friend, like I'm, I dunno, collecting Chocolate Frog cards or something. I just... Hermione looks like she's having a hard time and could probably use a friend."

Draco's eyes wen't wide and betrayed. "Hermione," the boy cried, incensed. "You're already calling her by her first name! No! Absolutely not! I forbid it! You can't be friends with her."

Harry gazed up at the ceiling and sighed. "Draco," Harry closed his eyes and occluded, then looked at the boy. "Muggles often call people by their first names long before they're friends, it's just a habit I've picked up."

"It's not right," Draco whined, "it's a slippery slope. Soon you'll be spending all your time with Gryffindors, and they're the worst. They got you involved with that troll business! They're a terrible influence! And then, before you know it, they'll start drawing you into their whole 'Leader of the Light' nonsense, and then you'll spend all your time running around with Dumbledore sycophants, like Ronald bloody Weasley, and I'll be..." Draco faded out, his eyes glazed and lower lip pouted miserably. He glared at the floor.

Oh, Harry thought to himself, watching the boy curl in on himself, indignant and worried.

"Look," Harry stared at the blonde, already exhausted by this conversation, "I know we didn't make it official until later, but I consider you my very first friend."

Draco looked back at him, his gaze softening a little. "You do?"

"I do," Harry smiled. "I didn't really make any friends growing up and... when I met you in Diagon Alley, you were the first Wizard my own age I'd ever met."

Draco straightened a little, his lips curling into a small smile. "Really?"

Harry nodded.

"So..." Draco cleared his throat, "I'm a superior level of friend status, really. The one who ushered you into the Wizarding World."

"Exactly," Harry said, coaxingly. "Nobody else could ever hope to compete with that."

Draco straightened and smirked smugly. "I suppose not. I guess that makes me your best friend."

Harry's lips tugged into a smile. "I guess it does."

Draco's shoulders relaxed after that, then he raised his chin and nodded exactly once, with the imperial air of a royal decree. "I suppose I will allow you to go to the study group. Just don't expect me to go making friends with her... and don't go adopting any more Gryffindors. Two is more than enough."

"Wouldn't dream of it."

#

Their first study-group was stilted and awkward, full of polite queries about next week's homework.

It was plainly obvious how nervous Hermione was. Every now and then slipping into lecture mode, as if it were a habit, before catching herself and clearing her throat.

It was a little while before they started on the subject of Harry's upbringing came up. Hermione mentioned that her parents were dentists and, when she tried to explain what a dentist was, Harry told her he already knew, as he was raised Muggle.

"Really?" Hermione said, brow raised. "I'd heard rumors but I thought they weren't true."

Harry nodded. "I had no idea I was a Wizard until a staff member came to tell me. I was all set to go to The Bays Boarding School near Cambridge."

Hermione straightened, eyes wide. "You're kidding," she grinned. "I got in there too!"

"Seriously?" Harry laughed.

She nodded. "I got a scholarship."

"Me too!" Harry burst with a laugh.

"Small world," Hermione smiled. "Can you imagine? We must have sat the entrance exam together."

"Maybe," Harry shrugged. "I took the later entrance exam, though, so we might have missed each other. Did you find out you were a Witch late, then?"

"Oh, no," Hermione said. "My birthday is in September. I must have been one of the first students offered a place in our year. But my parents wanted me to have a back-up, in case I decided to study as a home student. The Ministry have a whole series of summer and home-study programs for students who can't afford the Hogwarts prices, you see. Mother and father weren't sure if they wanted me to be away from home so young. So, they made sure I had a choice. My back-up plan was to be a day student at The Bays and study magic on the weekends with a home tutor."

"I read something about home-study programs," Harry said. "Are there many students who use them?"

"Oh, lots," Neville piped in, nodding. "L-loads of families use them. Not a lot of people can afford Hogwarts prices. Some families spend pretty much all their savings getting their children in Hogwarts. Some would rather save the money and teach at home."

Harry nodded. "I suppose that makes sense."

"There's, er, a bit of snobbery about it, though," Neville admitted, wincing a little, "especially if you're not a pure-blood. If you're a Muggle-born and you haven't got a Hogwarts education, well... you're pretty much never getting a job in the Wizarding World. Maybe in the service industry but, even then, you'll be passed over for a Hogwarts graduate if they have the choice."

Hermione's eyes widened and her hand twitched as if compelled to take notes. "The prejudice is that bad?"

Neville nodded. "Even some of the Light-aligned families, to be honest. I was writing to Kingsley about it. He's got a Squib sister who married a Muggle, so he get's a different view of things. He says that even the pure-blood families who support Muggle and Muggle-born rights tend to have... what'd he call it... unconscious biases? That they kind of look at Muggle's as cute little pets or something. You know, less than human. And if they have a Squib relative, they don't treat them with the respect or dignity they deserve. Don't even bother trying to get them an education, sometimes. Still... it's better than what some of the purists get up to, I suppose."

Harry lifted a brow. "Do I even want to ask?"

Neville paled, then shook his head. "I-it's... well, it's bad. Really bad."

Harry winced and swallowed a bitter taste. "Moving on..."

Harry and Hermione spent the rest of the time bemoaning the complete chaotic, outdated idiocy of the Wizarding World. Questioning the sense of sticking your head in a fireplace when you could just pick up a phone, why Quills hadn't at least been replaced with dip pens and why nobody had done a risk assessment for any of their classes, including the ones where things frequently exploded.

By the end of their hour long discussion on the relationship between Muggle Chemistry and Wizarding Potions, Neville had to drag them both down for dinner.

* * *
Notes:

    🎄 MERRY CHRISTMAS! 🎄

    I hope you're all having a lovely holiday. Thanks again for all the lovely comments, kudos and subscriptions. I'm sorry that I haven't got around to replying to them yet, but I've had a bit of a mad week. I'm hoping to go through them after Boxing Day.

    Hope you all enjoyed the chapter and that you have a wonderful week.

    ❤️ 🎄 ❤️ 🎄 ❤️ 🎄 ❤️

Chapter 22
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

The parcel came that Wednesday at Breakfast, a little while after his Daily Prophet arrived. An unfamiliar old barn owl swooped down to the table. The bird looked wisened and world-weary, but well cared for.

The owl landed carefully on Harry's shoulder, to avoid dropping onto the table. Which was oddly more manners than most owls ever bothered with.

"Er, thanks," Harry said as the owl as picked a letter and shoebox-shaped parcel that hung from string around the birds talons. The owl nodded in response and flew away.

"That's a hired owl, if ever I saw one," Draco commented beside him, glancing at his package. "Would've thought they'd have trouble getting through... you know..."

Harry nodded.

The mail wards.

The only way that a hired owl would make it through is if the Headmaster has specially altered it to recognize the signature of a particular sender and allow them through.

Which meant that this was from someone Dumbledore trusted.

The letter's parchment was discolored and the faded red seal on the back looked like it had been reused from few different wax seals, to save on the expense of buying fresh wax sticks, but it was stamped with an strangely ornate 'RJL' seal, that Harry imagined had been bought or gifted years ago, and carefully looked after.

He carefully opened it and lifted out the sheets of paper.

#

Dear Harry,

I don't suppose you'll remember me, but I remember you well.  Your father and I were friends, good friends, and I have always considered you family.

There hasn't been a day that's gone by that I haven't thought about you, or worried about you. I'm sorry that it took me so long to get in touch. I convinced myself that you'd be better off without me but, if I'm honest with myself, I think that I was hiding out of shame that I did not better safeguard you and your parents.

I can't tell you what a relief it was, over these years, to know that you were safe under your aunt and uncle's care. Though I know they are good to you and care for you a great deal, I want you to know that if you ever need me, I will always be here if you need any additional help or support, or if you just want to hear some embarrassing stories about your father's failed attempts to woo your mother (there are rather a few hilarious anecdotes I could tell you).

I heard from our mutual friend that your aunt and uncle didn't have many photos or keepsakes of your parents. I'm sorry to hear that. I'd not realized that so many of your family treasures and memories would be packed away in your family Vault, until you come of age. So, I have enclosed some mementos for you in the package attached. I hope they give you some small measure of comfort and joy in the years to come.

The wand holster, you'll find inside, was made by your grandfather. He masterfully charmed it himself, and created a quick-release system so ingenious that I've always thought it a shame he didn't patent and market them before he died. Fleamont Potter liked to call himself 'a bit of a tinkerer', but I've always thought that title didn't do him justice. He had an affinity for charms and potions, and was one of few true genius's I've ever had the pleasure of meeting.

Fleamont gifted one of these holsters to each of your father's friends during our Christmas visit to the Potter Manor in 1977. One went to James himself, but now I fear it may have been buried in your family's vault until you come of age. I would rather you have this, as I know your grandfather would love the thought of a piece of himself being there to aid you over the coming years, whenever you need it.

To set the enchantments to you as the new owner, all you need do is place your wand inside and set it on your arm. The wand will release with a mere flex of your will and the flick of your wrist, but to send it back to the holster, you must say the word 'discedant'.

I hope it serves you as well as it has served me.

With all my love,

Remus J. Lupin

The Fairbairn Academy

Albion Mews

Edinburgh

#

Harry didn't know how to feel, reading the letter. A sense of disappointment that this mysterious friend of his father had not tried to contact him before; sadness as Harry realized the man had obviously been lied to about his relatives.

But, even with his suspicion that James Potter was not his biological father, the thought of holding a piece of the Potter family history was thrilling. He set the letter down and turned to the package. It was covered in faded brown paper, tied with frayed string. Harry opened it carefully, revealing the old shoebox inside.

As Harry pulled open the box, he spotted the wand holster first. It was beautiful. Dragon-hide, shimmering with purest black scales. It shimmered with power, lingering magic that was surprisingly strong after all these years.

Ahead of him, Zabini whistled. "That's Hebridean Black dragon-hide. It's almost impossible to buy anywhere."

"Really?" Harry asked, stroking the scales and lifting it free of the box.

"Yes," Draco agreed, with no small amount of jealousy in his tone, "the MacFusty clan safeguard their dragons with particular ferocity. I read that Hebridean Black's tend to lay graveyards for their dead ancestors, so poaching is very heavily punished. Father says that Hebridean dragon-hide is never sold, only gifted to those who do the MacFusty clan a great service. You can only ever buy it second hand, and people almost never sell it. They're highly prized antiques."

Harry suddenly realized something, staring at the reused wax on the seal and the old shoe box it was sent in. Remus Lupin, a man likely from little means, had been sitting on a goldmine for over a decade and never sold it.

Harry swallowed a lump in his throat at the thought.

He didn't think any gift would ever measure up to being given perhaps the only true treasure in someone's entire vault.

Not to mention the sentimental value.

The way the man talked about Fleamont Potter, he'd obviously been someone Lupin looked up to.

Harry wasn't sure if he should accept a gift like this. Especially since the man probably didn't know about the possibility that he wasn't James Potter's biological son. But, he couldn't quite bring himself to put it in the box and send it back to the man.

Maybe one day, when he'd met Remus Lupin in person, and explained, he'd give him a chance to take back the keepsake. Until then, Harry would take good care of it. Treasure it.

Half the table were staring at the holster with envy as Harry loosened his school robe and tucked the wand into the sheath. He held the holster to his arm, looking for a way to tie it on, when it suddenly fastened to his arm perfectly.

Harry moved his arm around a bit, to get the feel for it, but it was utterly comfortable, as if he wasn't wearing anything at all. When he decided to test the release mechanism, he needed only to think about wanting his wand, flex his wrist, and it shot into his hand.

The Slytherin table ooh'd and aah'd over the sheer, unthinkable speed of its release.

Harry clearly said, "Discedant" and it snapped back into the holster.

"Spectacular enchantments," Draco commented, brows lifted, "the craftsman really knew what they were doing."

Harry grinned. "Yeah," he said, then lifted the letter and handed it to Draco, pointing to the paragraphs at the bottom. "He did."

Draco blinked at astonishment. "Well, I'll be. That must be one of maybe only half a dozen in existence."

"Really?" Theo Nott asked, having emerged from his book long enough to admire the heirloom. "Who crafted it?"

"Fleamont Potter," Harry grinned, then slipped his wand back in the holster and stroked the dragon-hide in awe. "Created the enchantments himself."

Zabini whistled, impressed. "He must have been a genius. Didn't he invent Sleekeazy's Hair Potion too?"

"And a few lesser known products," Greengrass added. "He created some of the enchantments that revolutionized broom velocity in the late 1930s, but he got duped by a business partner and ended up making almost nothing for his work."

"Definitely not a Slytherin, then," Zabini smirked.

"Still wound up a multi-millionaire, though," Draco added, smirking. "Though the Potters weren't exactly impoverished, before then. They were among the richest Wizards in the world, by the time Fleamont Potter was done."

Harry finished buttoning up his robe and turned back to the box, lifting out a fat envelope that looked like it was filled with photographs.

He pulled out one and spotted his mother and father, in front of a fire, with Harry on his mother's lap and his father smiling down at Harry and holding his hand. James Potter's eyes filled with nothing but the purest love and warmth, while little baby Harry smiled back up at him with big, green eyes.

Harry barely swallowed down the tears that threatened to slip free.

This man had loved him. Loved him so much that he'd died trying to protect him. He could see it in the way James Potter smiled at the baby on his wife's lap, adoring and devoted.

Harry slipped the photograph back into the envelope and slid it into his bag, knowing that the Headmaster was watching.

Harry was fine with that.

Better to let the old man think Harry was flying into his web, playing into the Headmaster's plots.

"The Fairbairn Academy," Draco read aloud as he handed Harry back the letter, "that must be one of those homeschool academies."

"Oh, yeah?" Harry frowned, looking at the address the man had given at the bottom of the envelope. "That's for people who decide not to go to Hogwarts, right?"

"More or less," Parkinson said, sipping her tea. "There are all sorts. Some just arrange tutors. Some do weekend and summer courses for, you know, those who wish to continue in Muggle education, and some have day classes for students who want a regular Wizarding education, but can't afford the Hogwarts price."

"Some do extra tuition," Greengrass added. "Given our terrible choice of Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor this year, I asked father to hire a tutor this Summer."

Draco straightened. "Good idea," he murmured, "perhaps I should ask for the same."

"If that's the case, you might as well study up for next year, as well," Zabini snorted. "Hogwarts has terrible luck with DADA Professors."

Harry picked the letter from Draco's hands and read it over again. The man seemed nice enough. He seemed genuine, from what little Harry could grasp from a letter. He'd also been lied to by the Headmaster, that much was clear.

Harry wondered how this man would feel if he knew the truth of what Harry's life with the Dursleys was really like, and how Dumbledore left him there anyway.

Wouldn't it be nice if Dumbledore incidentally lost himself an ally in his failed attempts to pull Snape and I apart?

Harry folded the letter and slid it into his bag with the photographs.

#

"Mister Potter," a familiar voice called. He turned to see a stern faced Snape walked over to him from down the hallway, with folded arms and a furrowed brow.

"Someone's in trouble," Zabini murmured to him, smirking. Harry scowled at the boy in reply.

Harry cleared his throat, straightening and pulling on his most innocent face while the Professor stalked over. "Yes, sir?"

Snape looked more than a little miffed, his gaze flicked to Harry's arm and the boy got a sinking idea at what the cause of the man's temper was. "I need to speak with you a moment," he peered behind at Draco and Zabini, "please inform your next Professor that Mister Potter will be a little late."

Draco said a cautious, "Yes, sir," and the Slytherin's escaped without another word.

Snape was silent a moment then turned. "With me."

Harry followed the furious man down the hallway to an empty classroom, shuffling inside with his head dipped, hoping that if he faked his contrition well enough the man might have mercy on him.

The door snapped shut and Snape whirled on him. "What on earth were you thinking?"

"Sir?"

"Don't give me that," Snape snarled, "you're well-read enough to have heard of cursed objects arriving in the mail and minor compulsion charms being set on letters! Your mail wards are not under your control, you should be more careful!"

Harry blinked, then reddened. "Oh..."

"Yes, 'oh'." Snape closed his eyes and sucked in a deep, steadying breath. "Give the gifts to me for inspection. I'll have them back for our first student meeting, tomorrow after class. That is, if I find nothing suspicious that needs to be removed."

Harry pouted, but pulled the envelope of pictures from his bag and loosened his robe enough to untie the wand holster. Snape took it and then lifted a brow at him. "And the letter, please."

Harry sighed and pulled it out. When he handed it over, Snape opened it right there to glare at the name at the bottom. Harry could have sworn that the man was trying to set the letter alight with just his eyes.

"You'll give that back too, right?" Harry asked, double checking, because he was starting to think that Snape may very well try to burn it.

"Yes, fine," Snape murmured, looking a little uncomfortably like a pouting child.

Harry seriously considered whether to ask what it was about this mysterious Remus Lupin that had Snape so riled up, but decided to wait until the Potions Master didn't look like he was two steps from plotting someone's untimely death.

"I'm sorry," Harry said, instead, with genuine sentiment. "I should have been more careful. Especially with certain people around, looking to control me."

"Yes, you should have," Snape growled, then a moment later sagged, "but I suppose it is not your fault. I should have said something. This will be much easier once you have control of your account. Then you'll be in charge of your own mail wards. In the mean-time, we'll have to arrange a system."

Harry nodded. "Okay," he said, head dipping as he scratched his neck. "Sorry, I just really... I know that James Potter might not be... you know, but he loved me, and he died protecting me. It was nice to know a bit more about him."

Snape released a long-suffering sigh and rubbed his eyes as if suddenly very weary. "I... understand," he said, sounding a little as if he wished he didn't. "We can talk more on the subject tomorrow."

"Okay," Harry murmured. He sighed, with hunched shoulders and turned to leave, when Snape touched his shoulder.

Snape looked a little pained and uncomfortable, but then he swallowed down a nervous look and reached forward to wrap his arms around Harry.

Harry froze again, but this time he managed to come around sooner, long enough to awkwardly hug the man back. His eyes burning with relief.

"I'm not angry with you," Snape said quietly as he pulled away, "just worried."

Harry swallowed the urge to cry and nodded, wiping his nose. "O-okay."

Snape smiled awkwardly and cleared his throat. "Very well," he said, "I'll see you soon."

Harry nodded and said his goodbyes, fleeing back to class.

When he got there, Binns was droning through more ridiculous, pointless 'History' tidbits and half the class were falling asleep.

He took the empty seat beside Draco. "What did he want?"

Harry shrugged. "Just wants to check the stuff from this morning for curses and tampering."

Draco frowned. "Surely that's what mail wards are for."

Harry said nothing.

Draco eyed him suspiciously. He opened his mouth as if about to say something, but seemed to think better of it.

#

Severus had approximately fifteen minutes dedicated to lunch every day that week, and next week. The rest of his lunch break was dedicated to the student meetings and potions brewing.

The meetings took up a large chunk of his rota, but he'd always preferred to get through them quickly, rather than stagger them awkwardly so that some students wound up getting advice weeks ahead of others. Part of him considered delaying them to a more convenient week, but it felt too much like letting his snakes down.

Instead, he'd planned to spend his little available free time well, eating in the comfort of his office, with a perfectly-cooked minted lamb chops and colcannon, cooked by Jiffy, and enjoying the blissful solitude of his few free minutes to relax.

And so, of course, Minerva decided that would be the perfect opportunity to come intrude upon his peace.

"Oh my, what is that smell?" The woman asked, peering into the room, as Severus glowered from the door to his office.

"My lunch," Severus glared, "which I plan to return to. Now, please--"

"Is that colcannon?" Minerva bustled past him into the room. "Oh, that brings back memories. My nan was Irish, you know? Taught me a wee bit of the language. How did you get the House Elves to make you this?"

Severus sighed and flicked the door shut. He took a moment to grab a phial of Invigoration Draught from his pocket and drink it down, before returning to his desk to finish the meal.

He'd have to brew more later. He'd only slept three hours last night.

"Never you mind," he told her. "What is it?"

"Well," Minerva settled in the seat opposite his desk, "Neville expressed a wish to spend the Christmas holidays with Kingsley, but I realized that, according to Hogwarts' by-laws, when a child is signed off for the holidays they return to the guardianship of the legal custodian and so, until everything is finalized, Neville needs to stay in Hogwarts, or Augusta may try to remove him from school."

Severus's brows rose. "My, my, Minerva, I do believe you're learning to think like a Slytherin." She rolled her eyes but straightened a little with pride. "What do you need from me, then?"

"Well," she pulled out a piece of parchment with several Professor's names already signed, "Neville may not be able to leave the school for the holidays, but there is no reason why Kingsley cannot come visit Hogwarts for a few days."

Severus smirked. "Honestly, you were wasted in Gryffindor."

The woman scoffed and sat back with a smirk. "Kingsley has already agreed. He's planning to take a few days off work for the holidays. He would like to take Neville on two trips off the school grounds. One trip to meet the rest of the Shacklebot family for dinner and another to Diagon Alley for his Christmas gift but, so long as a member of staff is there to act as custodian, both trips can be signed off by myself. I just need the majority of staff to grant Kingsley permission for the extended visit to school grounds."

Snape held his hand out for the slip of paper and picked up his quill, signing his name in flawless script and pushing it back over to the Gryffindor Head of House. "I notice that Albus has not signed yet."

Minerva tensed, her lips tightening a little. "I thought it best to leave his input out of this particular decision."

Severus hummed. "I see." He crossed his arms. "He has not budged then?"

The woman's face twitched with a snarl. "That lavvy-heided fool refuses to listen," she snapped. "I've told him time and time again what horrifying abuse the boy had to suffer under Augusta's guardianship and he will not budge! I swear, sometimes I think--" Minerva stopped suddenly, clearing her throat and swallowing.

Severus leaned forward and rested his hands atop one another on the desk. "Let me guess," he said, with a simmering calm. "Sometimes you think that he does not truly care about the happiness of the children in his care, or understand the lengths to which their neglect and suffering can ruin lives. Sometimes, you wonder why he chose his position here at Hogwarts, as the custodian of the next generation, when he spends so much of his career ignoring the welfare of his charges. Sometimes, you can't help but fear he's spent the last few decades maneuvering those innocents in his care into becoming his next loyal allies, and that when he sees a young, talented student, he sees not a future Master of their field, or politician, or Healer... but a soldier, fighting for either his side... or the other."

Minerva was silent, her hand clutched to her chest and her eyes glittering. Her breath was shallow and sharp.

Slowly, she nodded.

For reasons he could not fathom, Severus couldn't help but think of the damned letter. He couldn't help but remember Remus Lupin. The only werewolf to walk the halls of Hogwarts in centuries. A man permanently indebted to the one who granted him that privilege.

Yet, Harry's words on werewolf rights rung in his mind. The same man who'd granted Remus Lupin entrance to Hogwarts, sat in a position of great power on the Wizengamot, and made no effort to overturn the bigoted laws that held a boot to the neck of Lupin and others like him.

How much of Remus Lupin's schooling at Hogwarts had been a manipulation, Severus wondered. Putting someone capable of infiltrating werewolf packs in a position of obligation to Dumbledore's side.

Just another pawn. Another soldier and spy, willing to fight and die for his cause.

Severus tasted bile as he swallowed. He looked down at his plate and realized he'd quite lost his appetite.

A quiet tap on his door jolted through the silence.

"Ah," he straightened, "that will be my next student. I'm sorry Minerva, but I'll have to cut our meeting short."

The woman nodded, standing straight and smiling awkwardly. "Still doing those quarterly meetings? I don't know how you find the time."

Severus shrugged. "I have to," he replied. "To some of my snakes, I may be the only adult show a genuine interest in them and their own desires for the future." He looked her in the eye. "I always wonder if my life could have been very different, if the first adult to show interest in my future had not been a violent psychopath."

Minerva stared mournfully at him and nodded. "You're a good man, Severus. I think... perhaps better and braver than you'd ever let people know."

The woman stepped out the door and Severus vanished his lunch. He gave himself a moment to breathe before he opened his eyes.

"Enter," he called, and the next student stepped inside.

#

Harry decided not to overthink things. He could have come up with something convoluted and elaborate, but that felt more like an Albus Dumbledore plot. Harry was determined to be less slimy and shifty about his own strategies than the old man.

So, instead of all that stupid, complicated scheming, he just casually wandered over to the Hufflepuff section before Transfiguration class.

Every single badger stared in silence as he paused ahead of their tables.

"Hey," he said, as a bemused Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott blinked at him like he'd lost his mind. "Quick question. Don't suppose any of you brought a football to Hogwarts, did you?"

"Football?" Justin Finch-Flechley said, eyes lighting with a spark of intrigue. "You play?"

"Sometimes," Harry lied, he'd never been allowed to play a game with the other kids at school, not without incurring Dudleys wrath. He'd always wanted to, though. "I don't know if any of the Slytherins have even heard of it though."

The Hufflepuffs chuckled. "I suppose not," Ernie smirked, "not up to date on the latest Muggle sporting crazes, I expect."

Susan Bones scoffed at him. "Neither were you, before Justin talked your ear off about it."

Ernie reddened, while Justin itched in his seat with an idea. "You want a kick-around after class?"

Harry shrugged. "I figured we could ask some of the other houses. You know, set up a seven-a-side game."

Justin's beamed. "Let's do it!"

Justin approached the Gryffindors while Harry wandered over to the Ravenclaws and Slytherins. Explaining that he wanted to play a Muggle sport with a bunch of Hufflepuffs went over with his friends about as well as he'd expected.

"Muggle sports?" Pansy repeated aloud. "Have you lost your mind?"

"Not last I checked," Harry said. "Should I take that as a no?"

"What are you up to?" Draco glowered, eyes narrowing in suspicion.

"What?" Harry asked with a smile. "I can't just be having a kick-around with the Hufflepuffs?"

Draco's eyes narrowed further and his cheek twitched.

"Well?" Harry asked the others. "Any takers?"

There were several shaking heads, but Bulstrode shrugged and lifted her hand. "I'm in."

Harry blinked in shock. "R-really?" He'd not actually expected any of the other snakes to join in. "Cool, er, I'll tell Justin."

They managed to gather up enough for a game. It didn't get anywhere near as much interest as with Widditch match, but a couple of curious Gryffindors decided they'd come watch.

Quite a few Hufflepuffs, like Susan Bones, Wayne Hopkins and Hannah Abbott, joined in the game. The rest of the teams were filled up with surprisingly competitive Ravenclaws and unsurprisingly zealous Gryffindors, including a very enthusiastic Dean Thomas. Even Neville joined in, though he did trip a couple of times and his face reddened dramatically when he had to run too much.

Harry noted with interest that Millicent Bulstrode didn't need any explanation of the rules. She gave him a sly nod when she walked over to the makeshift goal, ready to play the opposite team's keeper. He could have sworn she was even smirking a bit.

They staggered the Houses between the teams (as suggested by Hannah Abbott) and Hermione ended up playing referee. Her father was obsessed with the game and so she had, of course, memorized the entire rulebook at age seven.

Harry and Bones's team was dubbed 'The Bears' and Bulstrode and Dean Thomas's team called themselves 'The Wolves'. It didn't take long for the Wolves to absolutely destroy the Bears with truly terrifying efficiency.

By the end of the game, when Harry and the rest the Bears slumped back to the castle, defeated, Dean Thomas was grinning and high-fiving Bulstrode, who hadn't let a single ball through the goal. Harry was starting to think that she'd deliberately picked Thomas's team after remembering his skill in their Widditch match.

Devious bloody Slytherin.

"What happened to House loyalty?" Harry grumbled to her.

Bulstrode smirked and shrugged. "Footie trumps House loyalty, Potter. No hard feelings."

Harry huffed and rolled his eyes while Dean Thomas barked a laugh. "Where'd you learn to play, by the way? I thought you Slytherins hated anything Muggle."

"Mum's Muggle-born," she said with another shrug. She acted like she thought it was no big deal, but her shoulders tensed slightly at the mention of her blood-status. "Gramps used to play it with me."

Thomas blinked at her in astonishment, as if he had just assumed all the Slytherins were pure-bloods and bigots. Luckily, the boy had enough sense to avoid more talk on blood politics. Instead, they exchanged their football favorite teams and bickered over which was worse.

Harry wandered over to Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott, who were laughing together with Neville. "Hey," he grinned. "Good game."

"Yeah," Bones smiled. "We should do that again. Maybe make it a regular thing. It's good to mix with other Houses."

"Good idea," Harry nodded. "The whole House division thing kind of bothers me, to be honest. It shouldn't be such a big deal to make friends with people in other houses."

"Exactly!" Abbott burst, waving her hands wildly. "It's so silly. Dividing people up like that."

"And dangerous," Bones added, slightly more subdued. "Auntie Amelia always says it's unwise to give people more reasons to pre-judge others. We already have enough biases and prejudices in the Wizarding World."

Harry regarded the girl curiously. "I agree."

Bones gave Harry a returning glance, then smiled and nodded.

Harry invited her and the others to join their weekend study group with Neville and Hermione. A number of Hufflepuffs and several Ravenclaws (to the surprise of absolutely no-one) jumped at the plan. The Gryffindors were much less interested. They were more focused setting up a regular football match.

"See you guys later," Harry said as they separated in the dungeons.

"See you on Sunday!" Hannah Abbott called, waving wildly, while Bones fondly shook her head at her enthusiastic friend.

"Later, Potter," Justin called as they walked toward the Hufflepuff basement entrance.

Bulstrode walked beside him. Quiet, until she was sure the others were out of earshot. "So how much of that 'breaking down House divides' stuff was crap?"

"All true," Harry said with a smile, he looked at her and lifted a brow, "it's just a bonus that half of their guardians have seats on the Wizengamot."

Bulstrode chuckled and shook her head. "You're all Snape, Potter."

Harry grinned. "Cheers, Bulstrode."

She paused, then said, "Call me Mill."

Harry nodded, a smirk twitching at his lips. "Call me Harry, then."

* * *
Notes:

    Happy New Year!!

    Thank you so much to everyone who left messages and kudos. I hope you all had a wonderful holiday and that you enjoyed saying a well-earned goodbye to 2020, whether it be with a bottle of bubbly, a netflix binge or just an early night.

    I wanted to let you all know that your comments and support really meant a lot to me in the last few weeks. I've been lacking inspiration, but the understanding and encouragement from all of you really helped me.

    The next chapter should be up January 22nd, and I hope you all have a lovely couple of weeks.

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 23
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Draco received two letters that Thursday morning, after the papers arrived. Harry spotted his own name on one of the envelopes.

"From father," Draco murmured, slipping the letter into his own bag and acting as though it were nothing unusual at all. "I'll give it to you later."

Harry nodded. "Thanks," he said, flicking to the Financials.

Harry was reading through an article on the Ministry's latest efforts to introduce a 'Magical Services Tax', where the author, Master Bloodclaw, steamed with virulent criticism of the idea. Then Harry spotted a word in Gobbledygook that he didn't recognize.

He grabbed his quill and wrote the word down and the related sentence, where author of the article referred to the drafter of the highly unpopular tax reform proposal as 'the Stuntstybfinc'.

Harry was fairly sure he hadn't read that word in A Beginners Guide to Gobbledygook. He decided to research it later and continued with the article. It was a fascinating article, in which expressed the author expressed his justified disgust at the Ministry more or less attempting to tax magic and the magical being's in-born right to use said magic to make a living.

Harry put it out of his mind as they sped off for class. After their double transfiguration lesson was finished, they wandered up to the Library and Harry grabbed the 206th Edition of Gringotts' Gobbledygook to English Dictionary, before they sat down. It was a giant tome that looked ready to break the desk, but if it was anywhere it was in there.

Draco checked the perimeter for curious eyes before he grabbed the letter from his bag and slid it across the desk to Harry.

Snape had assured Harry that, in no uncertain terms, 'I trust that Lucius Malfoy has common sense and self preservation enough not to try and harm or coerce you through a letter. He has a healthy fear of the consequences. Albus Dumbledore, however, does not'.

Harry believed him. He was certain that Lucius Malfoy would know better than to mess with someone that Snape cared about. Especially with Draco currently at school under the temporary custody of Snape.

He only wished Dumbledore had as much common sense.

Harry turned the envelope over and popped the pristine silver wax seal free and pulled out the fresh parchment.

#

Dear Mr Potter,

It was a pleasure to hear back from you regarding my offer. I had suspected that you were a boy with a bright future and a sharp mind, and now I feel certain of it. I look forward to working alongside you in the years to come.

The process of brokering an alliance is, first and foremost, about agreeing the finer points of our duties to one another. An alliance is a gentleman's agreement to offer aid, to support the prosperity, longevity, progress and integrity of a House and its descendants. However, no two alliances are exactly the same. One alliance may be born to aid the career ambitions of both Houses. Another may focus on supporting each other in a coming conflict, or to support political aspirations.

Alliances are based upon a give and take relationship and are designed to be mutually beneficial. In that regard, every point of request which you wish to put to me, whether it be career support or backing against any political rivals, may be agreed upon and accepted only when a mutual point of aid is accepted in return. In, for example, the offer of mentorship, I would like to ask for your support in my own political ambitions in return, modest though they may be. If this point is agreeable, we would move on to the next.

Each point of an alliance contract is written up in a non-binding agreement for the future reference of our heirs and descendants. This written agreement enables the allied houses to refer back to, adapt and alter the terms, so as to better suit the current needs of both Houses. Only after these are written and finalized, will be both approve of the alliance aloud, in the presence of one another and in the witness of magic. This is a ceremony which I hope we are able to conduct over the Christmas period. If negotiations take longer, we could arrange something over the Easter or Summer break.

If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me. I recommend that you ask for Draco, and the other Heirs in your inner circle, to lend you books on the subject, rather than borrow from the library. After all, library accounts can be easily monitored by other curious members of staff.

Cordially,

Lucius Malfoy

Lord of the House of Malfoy

#

Harry hadn't considered whether his library record would be monitored, but it made sense now he thought about it. He'd have to be more careful what he borrowed in the future. At least he hadn't borrowed anything that might make Dumbledore too suspicious.

Harry grabbed his quill and wrote down the Lord Malfoy's sentence on 'support in my own political ambitions'. It sounded innocuous enough, but Snape's words on Lucius Malfoy's skill at bartering made him look closer.

It was too vague. It could mean anything from occasionally voting on a bill the Lord Malfoy approved of, to aiding his overthrow of the government. The Lord could easily claim that 'support of political ambitions' meant that Harry had to vote in support or opposition to a bill that Harry found morally reprehensible. And Harry knew, from how Snape had described the man as a bigot, that Lucius Malfoy probably had some political opinions that differed wildly from Harry's.

Harry would have to look up a way to politely counter-suggest a point, to make it more targeted and less open to abuse. Maybe, if he could get Malfoy to name a specific political point he wanted Harry's assistance with, then it could avoid abuse of Harry's voting power for the Lord Malfoy's benefit.

Harry couldn't help but remember the Minister's latest attempts to raid the dark-aligned Houses. That was a point which he agreed needed to stop. From what he'd read on the subject, the dark-aligned families had been constantly threatened with raid and seizure of their property for a century, at least. It did nothing but create further animosity among those sympathetic to the Dark Lord's cause. It had to stop somewhere.

Harry knew that some of the Dark Lord's followers had slipped free after the war, but that did not mean hounding them was a smart idea. They were better off spending time fixing the Wizengamot and Ministry's broken legal system so that future trials were fairer, based on evidence and not so liable to be tipped by bribery or public opinion.

Maybe if he focused in on aiding the prevention of constant threats of raids on people's properties, he could avoid being roped into going along with anything he didn't agree with.

Harry cautiously wrote some ideas down while aligning his paper away from the curious eyes of Draco.

"Would you mind if I borrowed some of your books in alliances?" Harry asked his friend, when he turned the page to hide his musings.

"Of course you can," Draco shrugged as he flicked to the next page of a library book on charms theory, "father has practically buried me in books on the subject. Help yourself."

"Great. Thanks."

Well, that was that sorted. He'd do his research later and check in with Snape about it soon. Maybe at the meeting, if they had time.

Harry picked back up the Gringotts dictionary and started reading through, searching for the word from the article. When he still had no luck, he looked through another edition, and another. Still with no success.

Eventually, they were running out of time for their free period, so Harry bit the bullet and approached the dreaded Librarian's desk. She scowled at him menacingly from behind an unmarked book that could be written on anything from tips for knitting and crochet, to advice on disemboweling your enemies.

"Um, hello Madam Pince," Harry said in his most polite tone, "I was looking to translate a word out of Gobbledygook. Do you have any spells that can help me search?"

Madam Pince huffed with annoyance. "Try the 206th Edition of the Gringotts Gobbledygook to English Dictionary--"

"I did," Harry said. "I looked through the 205th and 204th Editions, too."

Pince sighed and snapped to her feet, waving him over to follow. She stormed over to the restricted section and searched through the section on Gobbledygook. She picked up one of the dictionaries and set it on the table, then turned to him. "Word?"

Harry scrabbled to show her the piece of paper with the word on it. She scowled down at it then said, aloud, with a snap of her wand the pages shuffled until she got to the spot where the word should be.

She waited a moment, glaring at the entry, but there was nothing there. She glared down at the slip of paper. "It's not here," she said, shoving the slip of paper into Harry's hand. "Ask Professor Flitwick."

"Oh, okay. Uh, thanks," Harry said as the woman snapped up the book and stormed away.

#

Harry's last class for the day was charms so he stuck around while most of the remaining class rushed away to their common rooms.

Harry wandered over to Flitwick's desk and waited while the Professor counted the papers. It was a few seconds before he was noticed.

"Ah, Harry," Flitwick straightened and smiled, folding his hands on top of the desk, "did you have a question?"

"Er, kind of, sir." Harry twisted the piece of paper with the Gobbledygook in his hand. "I had a question, uh, about something I read in the Daily Prophet. I tried to look it up in the library but it wasn't in any of the books there and, erm, Madam Pince seemed to think you might be able to translate. Do you know Gobbledygook, sir?"

Flitwick blinked at him with an expression of shock. "I do. It's rather refreshing to be asked, if I'm honest. So many wizards take one look at me and simply assume that I speak it. Even Madam Pince, I recall. Not that the topic comes up much. I'm not actually a native speaker. But I took lessons as an adult and am now considered fluent."

"Oh? Really?"

Flitwick nodded. "I received rather a wake-up call when I went to visit a distant relative. Anyway, that's a story for another time. You're learning the language, are you?"

Harry shrugged. "Basically just enough to read the Financial and Gringotts reports. You know, the financial terminology. I like Master Bloodclaw's articles. They're one of the more interesting features."

The Professor's brows lifted. "Indeed? Well, I'm pleased to hear it. That feature is one of my favorites as well. Well, I'd be happy to translate for you. Let's take a look."

Flitwick held out his hand and Harry handed him the slip of paper. There was a brief pause and then Flitwick abruptly choked on a croaked, half-buried cackle. The Professor closed his eyes rubbed them. "I see. I must admit that I haven't read today's paper yet. What was the topic?"

"The Magical Services Tax."

Flitwick snorted. "Oh yes, that'll do it."

"What does it mean, sir?"

"This," Flitwick hesitated and cleared his throat, "well, let's just say that it's one of the words you're very unlikely to find in a textbook."

"Oh?" Harry frowned. "Why?"

Flitwick sighed and handed the slip of paper back to Harry. "It is a... well, a derogatory term. Specifically one which disputes the intelligence of the wizard it refers to."

Harry blinked, then his eyes widened. "O-oh," he swallowed down the urge to smirk, "that seems... bold, putting it in a national newspaper for wizards."

Flitwick grinned. "Yes, but it is so rare to meet a human that would recognize the word. The ones who would know it are likely to work alongside Goblins and therefore have enough common sense to keep quiet. Additionally, I suspect they'd think much the same as Master Bloodclaw does."

"Ah, so... the Daily Prophet haven't a clue what he wrote, then?"

"No. Master Bloodclaw's expertise in the matter of finance and the effects of politics on the international, magical and muggle financial markets, is unparalleled. There isn't a human alive who could do the same job. So, they tend to leave his work unedited and it goes straight to print. They haven't a clue what he writes. I'm honestly surprised that you understand any of it. It would take quite a good deal of research for someone of your age."

Harry reddened. "Well, uh," Harry shrugged, "I've always been a curious person. I guess I don't like to back down from a challenge."

Flitwick snickered. "I don't suppose the Hat considered Ravenclaw, did it?"

Harry grinned. "It did. Said I was like my mum."

The Professor's eyes sparkled with a memory. "You certainly are," he said. "Well, my office door is always open. It's a pleasure to talk on the subject of goblin language and culture. I don't think I've had a student take an interest in Gobbledygook since Bill Weasley was studying here."

"Really?" Harry's asked. "He learned Gobbledygook?"

Flitwick nodded and chuckled. "He did," he said. "He was determined to work as a curse-breaker, you see, and Goblins are more likely to respect a wizard who speaks their language. I can tell you, my family were less than impressed with me when they found out I couldn't. The word Stuntstybfinc might have come up." Flitwick chuckled to himself. "You're a very smart young man, Harry. I suspect that learning the Goblin native tongue will prove extremely useful in the years to come. Let me know if you ever want to have a chat about it... in English or Gobbledygook."

Harry grinned. "I will. Thanks, Professor."

Flitwick smiled. "Any time, Mr Potter."

#

When Harry stepped inside Snape's office, the first thing he noticed was the overpowering aroma of oak and something else.

It took Harry a moment to finally recognize the subtle scent underneath, but he remembered it from toiling in Aunt Petunia's garden through hot summer days. Familiar. Almost like violets or jasmine, but not quite.

Irises.

Snape was sitting on his office chair with his eyes closed, nursing his temples as the bags under his eyes spoke of a generally bad night's sleep. On his desk were a few empty phials with the remnants of an orange potion lingering at the bottom.

"Sir?"

Snape opened his eyes and, despite his obvious exhaustion, he smiled. His shoulders sagged and he looked genuinely relieved. As if seeing Harry was the one bright spot in an otherwise grueling day. "Harry," Snape said, "come in, sit down. We've got a lot to cover."

Harry took a seat opposite the Professor's desk while the Potions Master stood up and fetched a rune-covered black box from inside a warded cupboard. "Are you sure you're okay to do this today?" Harry asked. "You look exhausted. We can save it until you've had time to sleep."

Snape waved the comment off as he murmured a quiet incantation and opened the box, picking up the wand-holster from inside, along with the envelope of photographs, Lupin's letter and an unfamiliar book, bound in worn red leather.

"I assure you this is nothing I can't handle. I admit that I might have been spreading myself thin the last few days, but I'll sleep better soon. I have a potion brewing and the base requires a lot of detailed preparation and attention. The worst of it should be done tomorrow."

"O-kay," Harry said, hesitantly, "if you're sure."

Snape nodded. "Before we move on to other matters, let's start with History of Magic," Snape said, pulling a small folder across the desk.

Harry's eyes widened. "Oh, er... you actually want to talk about schoolwork?"

Snape lifted a brow. "I take my job here seriously, Harry. I am your custodian and it's my job to make sure that you actually achieve your potential. We can move on to certain other items of interest when we've discussed why you're failing History of Magic."

Harry winced and reddened, his head dipping. "Oh, er..."

Snape huffed dramatically. "I'm going to need a far more substantial explanation than that. I know for a fact that you understand the subject better than most students I've ever met, so why on earth are you getting consistently poor marks on your homework essays?"

Harry swallowed. "Well... you see..." He looked up at Snape, then decided it would be better to just show him and reached into his bag to get his last two History of Magic essays.

Snape sat for a moment, staring at the first paper as he appeared to very carefully stop himself from letting his expression betray any emotion. He cleared his throat and read aloud. "'Uric the Oddball was a mentally ill wizard neglected by his peers and left to suffer without aid or assistance from the Ministry or Hogwarts, both in his tenure as a student and a Professor. His lingering legacy as a eccentric laughing stock is thoughtless and cruel. Instead of teaching the next generation of wizards and witches about the recent Wizarding wars and conflicts, the historical subjugation of other beings and creatures, the history of the Arthurian courts and how they still effect British politics over a thousand years later, students are taught to laugh at an unwell individual who wore jellyfish hats.'" Snape hummed, eyes scanning down the scroll. "Marked as Poor, with a request to 'please stop using your school assignments as a medium to voice your personal opinions on educational reform'. I see."

Harry scratched the back of his hand. "I just..." he huffed, "I do try to do the assignment the way I'm told to. I always start off meaning to..."

"And then you find yourself distracted by the urge to question the usefulness of learning about soap-blizzards and self-stirring cauldrons?" Snape continued, reading the second essay. "And then, apparently, compelled to loudly proclaim the activity to be," he paused to read aloud, "'a blatant attempt to keep those outside the old families in ignorance. To stop them from overthrowing the broken, biased system which has ruled us and our magical brethren for over a millennia, and from creating a system based on democratic rule and merit, rather than blood'. How long has this been going on?"

Harry grimaced. "Since after I found out that Professor Binns never teaches us about how the Wizengamot runs. Not even in our NEWTs! And then I read that an Exceeds Expectations NEWT in history is a requirement to work in most parts of the Ministry."

"I see," Snape said, lips twitching with the urge to smile. "I understand, and I truly sympathize with your predicament, but I must admit that the situation is rather out of our hands. The History of Magic curriculum is set by the Ministry, and highly influenced the Headmaster. The board are also rather unenthusiastic about more... innovative variations of the curriculum. If you wanted to change it, you'd have to first make some major changes in the Ministry's attitude, then the board of governors and then convince somehow convince the Headmaster that, after several decades of working to defeat one set of radical revolutionaries, to foster a generation of new ones. I think, for now, you may have to learn how to maintain your personal opinions while still completing the assignment brief in such a manner as to improve your grades. If you want advice, I recommend you speak to Adela Bole. She's one of the student assistants for Binns this year and she has kindly offered to tutor a few Slytherin students who need extra help. She should be able to give you advice on your essay writing."

Harry sighed, then nodded. "Okay, sir."

Snape nodded, then turned back to his file. "In every other subject you're doing splendidly. There's a note here from Professor McGonagall about you being four months ahead of your peers. One here from Flitwick about having spectacular control of your magical core for your age. Potions grade is outstanding; little surprise there. You're one of the best students in your year. Hmm... Astronomy and Herbology grades could be better but still bordering on exceeds expectations, which is excellent. Better than most your class." Snape nodded to himself, fingers tapping absently against the desk. "If you want to bring those up to an O, the astronomy tutor for first years is Oliver Quinn. And the Herbology tutor is--"

"That's okay, sir," Harry said, "I'm in a study group with Neville. He's the top of our the year in Herbology. He's agreed to help me out."

Snape paused, brow lifted curiously, then nodded. "Very well. Just don't your extra study in let those subjects detract from bringing up your History of Magic grade. Now, I would normally take this time to discuss any interests the student might want to further foster, whether for career or personal reasons, but I feel we may have covered those in the last year or so. In terms of your third year electives, I will tell you now what I tell every promising student." Snape sighed. "Every year I get a cohort of students who decide to aim for twelve or even all thirteen OWLs, because some idiot colleague of mine makes it sound like a good idea. Therefore, I'd like to get this discussion out the way early.

"I am forced to allow students to do this to themselves, if their grades consistently achieve the highest grade. However, I only allow the study of more than three electives for the top students in the year, so long as their grades do not suffer as a result of over-stress. Minerva has her own... unique way of enabling their studies. I prefer Flitwick's method. If students wish to take more than three electives, I request that they arrange summer study of the extra courses with a tutor or summer course, to prevent overlap and burnout during the school year. We arrange to have OWL exams for those subjects still taken at Hogwarts, to ensure the student receives a Hogwarts qualification in the subject.

"For students who are worried about money, the Muggle Studies and Arithmancy Professors are usually happy to put together a study pack for students to self-teach over the summer, and offer advice by correspondence. Though, I would like to now caution that, while twelve OWLs is possible, it is extremely time consuming, arduous and arguably pointless. I always remind my students that some electives are not worth the stress. Especially as it could threaten to bring down your grades in other subjects which have a genuine effect on your future, such as Potions and Charms. It is better, in my opinion, to be a top student of one school of study than be a master of none. Singular excellence is usually more impressive to future employers than general mediocrity. Especially if you're looking to continue to a Mastery."

"Don't worry," Harry said, "I only want to take two electives."

"Thank Merlin," Snape told the ceiling, a weight lifting off his shoulders. "May I enquire which?"

"Study of Ancient Runes and Arithmancy," Harry said. "They seem like the hardest, though, and I've got too much on my plate already, so it seems silly to overload myself with any more."

"I praise you for having more common sense than most your age," Snape said, with visible relief. "Remember your conviction when Flitwick tries to convince you otherwise. That interfering wretch will be the death of me."

Harry chuckled. "I was thinking, though. Greengrass had this idea about hiring a Defense tutor over the summer. Maybe I could do that? Do you think that's possible?"

"I assure you, that won't be necessary," Snape said, smirking a little, "I already have a curriculum planned for the summer. I'll be teaching you Dueling and Muggle fighting, too, using various terrains and weather conditions. By the time the Summer is out, you'll be the best trained second year in Hogwarts history."

Harry's eyes widened. For some reason, the idea of a Snape-approved Defense training program brought shivers of dread curling down his spine. "Er, r-really?" He said. "What about the Magical Trace on me? I thought they only turned it off for Ministry-approved tutorial sessions."

"Oh, drat. I have been foiled," Snape said, tone lifeless, "how ever will I get around the Ministry's fool-proof Trace system? It was, after all, created by the greatest minds that Britain has to offer."

Harry huffed and rolled his eyes. "You've made your point."

"Have I? Splendid," Snape smirked. "The most important tracker is on your wand. It is easy enough to obtain a second one. The rest of the trackers can be easily tricked or dismantled."

Harry blinked. "A second wand? Is that allowed?"

Snape looked at him. "Of course," he said. "Wands are tools. Makers like Ollivander oft make it sound as if they are some sacred object which deigns to grant us power but the truth is that wizards and witches have only been using wands for the last two thousand years. Before that, all magic was performed wandlessly. Just like all accidental magic is wandless. Wands are simply tools to focus and direct our magical cores."

"Oh yeah," Harry said, "I suppose that makes sense."

Snape nodded, then picked picked up the letter from Remus Lupin and stared at the wand-holster on the table. "They're clean," he said, "no sign of tampering. No tracking spells, no compulsion charms, nothing," his gaze lingered over the name at the bottom of the letter. "It appears that Albus is most likely just looking for new sources to bring you closer to James Potter."

Harry smirked, picking up the envelope of letters and looking at one inside. "It was a stupid move," Harry said. "Dumbledore thinks that bringing me closer to James Potter will push me away from you. But all he's done is introduced me to another possible ally. I don't think this Remus Lupin will be happy to hear how the Dursleys really treated me."

There was a long silence as Snape stared at the name on the letter. "Yes," he said slowly.

Harry paused, fingers clutching at a photograph of his mother and father slow dancing in their kitchen, smiling. Snape had a look on his face that made Harry nervous. "What's wrong?"

Snape swallowed, then pushed the letter over to Harry. "Nothing. Old memories. You're right, we might have an ally in Remus Lupin, if we approach this right. One less person on Dumbledore's side is useful. We'll have to approach this cautiously, though. The Headmaster may be monitoring your correspondence with him and even if you met in person, Lupin could still be reporting back to him."

"You think so?" Harry frowned.

"I'm almost sure of it," Snape murmured, staring at the letter, "but that does not mean it is wasted to begin exchanging letters with Lupin. Keep subjects light and among what Dumbledore would approve. You could even use it as a means to lure the Headmaster into a false sense of security. Avoid the topic of your relatives and mention me as little as possible, if at all. It will aid the rouse." The Professor paused, a small grimace appearing over his face. "Ask about James Potter," he continued, looking a little green, "stories and the like... if you truly want to get to know the man, Lupin will be able to help. I didn't know James Potter the way he did."

Harry watched the Potions Master cautiously. "Are you sure you're okay with this?" Harry said slowly. "You look a little..." He swallowed. "Do you and Lupin have a history?"

Snape grimaced, then set the letter down. "We were not close friends. But, I'm beginning to wonder if we were both victims of Albus's machinations."

Harry blinked. "How do you mean?"

Snape swallowed, looking a little sick. "It's difficult to explain and I think I'll need more time to ponder on the subject." He cleared his throat and sat upright, then picked up one last item. "I have something else to discuss."

It was the book. Rough and old-looking. The cover looked warped by age, but there was also something new-feeling about it. Fresh. Magical.

"I received this from a friend," Snape said, with a sort of quiet reverence, "it is part of the reason why I have been sleeping late." He opened the pages to a particular page, hand-written and words faded. It almost looked like a family recipe book. "This book is a record of likely every type of Reproductive Blood Magic known. Many of which are now considered illegal, by lieu of being Blood Magic. It has everything. Spells for curing common diseases causing difficulty conceiving a child. Spells to blood adopt a child... spells to change their appearance."

Harry's breath caught in his lungs. "Like me?" He whispered.

Snape looked up at him, then nodded. "Like you," he said. "I know that your appearance began to shift after you returned from the hospital. Your likeness to James Potter fading. You remember what I told you about a fading spell, one the Potters cast on you at birth?"

Harry swallowed and nodded. "You don't think it was a protective spell?"

Snape shook his head, then pursed his lips. "There is a spell in here, a blood glamour, that fits. Fits your symptoms exactly. It is designed to last for a full ten years, then be reapplied before it fades. Once it is reapplied, just before adolescence, the blood glamour becomes permanent. It is so sophisticated that it would cheat a Gringotts blood heritage test."

Harry breathe in. "You think they performed it on me?"

Snape nodded, then tapped the book. "This work, there are few copies of this in existence. However, the original copy just happens to have been located in the family library of James Potter's former best friend. A secret practitioner of Blood Magic. Sirius Black."

Harry's eyes widened. "That... I read that name."

"Yes," Snape said, "he was arrested for murder. Imprisoned, after your parents deaths, for killing Peter Pettigrew."

Harry felt sick. "He was... James Potter's friend?"

"Best friend," Snape said, his face contorting with a barely-buried emotion as he glanced at the letter, "he turned traitor. The less said on him the better."

Suddenly, Harry remembered what Remus Lupin had said. "I think that I was hiding out of shame that I did not better safeguard you and your parents."

Sirius Black must have been Remus Lupin's friend too. To lose three friends through their horrific murder, another by treachery... Harry could see why he'd hidden. Grief like that would be hard to come back from.

Harry pursed his lips. "Black... you think he gave them this book?"

Snape nodded, picking through the pages. "It is a well-known fact that Fleamont Potter and Euphemia Potter struggled to conceive. They struck lucky later in life, after Fleamont sought help from a renowned Healer in Germany, but low fertility is a common ailment in certain pure-blood families. They often pass the malady on to the next generation, sometimes worse than in the last." Snape pursed his lips as he stopped on a page, then looked up at Harry. "There is a ceremony in here... Et Immaculatam Conceptionem. It is often used by families who wish to use a donor father, when they exhaust all methods of healing the husband's infertility."

Hope grew in Harry's chest. His eyes ached and his hands shivered. He leaned forward, trying to look closer at the book. "You think... you...?"

Snape looked up at him and smiled. "I think so. I believe, after the night of the raid, Lily could have approached me to be a donor, to perform the spell with her. I must have obliviated the memory. I don't know whether James knew or not, but..."

"He could have blood adopted me, right?" Harry asked. "It's possible... if he had that book."

Snape pursed his lips and nodded. "It's possible," he whispered, looking up at Harry, regret in his eyes, "but we cannot be sure. Blood Magic can be unruly, unpredictable. It doesn't always work the way one wishes. He might have tried, and the spell could have failed. We cannot be sure until you take a Gringotts heritage test. But," Snape turned one of the pages and swallowed hard, looking nervous, "there is one question we can answer, in the meantime."

Slowly, Snape held up the book. It smelled of copper and parchment. The leather almost hummed with a quiet energy, like a pulse.

Magic. Blood Magic.

Harry could feel it. As if it were alive.

There was something strange about the magic. Almost comforting. Familiar.

The text was open on a particular page. As Harry took it, he spotted a list of ingredients on the top of the page, white chrysanthemum and water of the River Aletheia. There were directions listed along the bottom and onto the next pages.

A potion, Harry realized. It was a potion. One with so many steps that seemed to take weeks to complete.

Harry's gaze finally lifted to the name along the top. Faded slightly and soiled with drops of blue liquid.

'Paternitas Potion.'

Harry took a shuddering breath and held it.

His chest ached and his fingers trembled.

A paternity potion.

A prickling itched behind Harry's eyes.

Proof.

This would give them proof.

This would give an answer to the question that had been niggling at Harry for weeks. The doubts that he'd tried to patiently ignore. An answer to the question he'd tried to pretend wasn't important to him. That he tried to pretend wasn't killing him.

Harry's eyes trailed down to the ingredients to the base and he saw it.

Oak roots.

Irises.

The smell of them still hung in the air. Harry looked up at the Professor. His gaze wide with awe. "Th-that's why you've been sleeping late," Harry whispered, "you're... making the potion."

Snape shrugged, as if it were nothing. As if it was not a great undertaking that would take weeks of detailed and meticulous work.

"It will take six weeks to brew," Snape said, "so I didn't want to delay it unnecessarily. If you'd prefer not to do the test, I understand. It's only a definitive yes or no. It will not answer the question of how or why. And we will not be able to make the results public, since it's Blood Magic, but--"

Harry leapt to his feet and bounded around the desk, dropping the book and nearly knocking the exhausted man to the ground, as he grabbed at him and squeezed him in a tear-stained hug.

Snape hesitated a moment, then cautiously wrapped his arms around Harry. His chest was still, as if he were holding his breath. His voice rumbled, slow and choked when he finally spoke. "I take it that you... want to do the test, then?"

Harry sniffed and pulled back, flushed with embarrassment. He wiped his eyes and straightening as he tried to pull himself back together, to pack away the last of his weakness. "Y-yes," Harry whispered, "please."

Snape smiled at Harry with a half-buried relief in his eyes. "I'll brew myself a fresh batch of Invigoration Draught then."

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter! Thank you again for all the lovely comments and kudos. You all keep me motivated.

    You may have noticed that I've added a series name. I was putting it off until I was absolutely sure of the name (for those of you who are curious, the meaning behind the name 'Aethelind's Legacy' will come up in book 2).

    Next chapter will be up on Friday 5th February. Until then, stay safe.

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 24
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Severus dosed himself with a strong sleeping potion after finally finishing the base for the Paternity test that Friday and lay in til eight the next day. And, for his efforts, he still felt like ripe manure.

Jiffy had also hidden all his Invigoration Draught because, "Master S needs to take better care of himself."

He blamed Harry for this, since the young boy had encouraged the House Elf's efforts to learn to read and write. With little else to do with her time this week, she'd decided to peruse through Snape's book collection to figure out what her master was dosing himself with, then read the warnings cautioning users against regular use.

Hence, Severus had been switched to coffee that Saturday morning, against his will. It was barely useful at keeping him alert for his final student meeting of the morning.

"Well, I see no reason why I can't," Hercule Rutherford told him, nose turned up and arms folded. "Percy Weasley is taking twelve OWLs, and he does them all at Hogwarts. He doesn't have to hire extra tutors over the summer. Why should I?"

Severus sighed. "Do you honestly think that Mr Weasley's decision to study all his OWLs simultaneously was chosen because he decided that extra tutors over a summer were a waste of time?" Severus said. "Or was it perhaps owing to a lack of options? The school Professors offered to put together a home-study Summer pack, like the ones we provide for less fortunate students, but the Weasley household is not, I assume, an environment conducive for quiet private study. Not all students at this school are as privileged as you are, Mister Rutherford."

Hercule's lips twitched with a simultaneous grimace and smirk. It wasn't a particularly flattering expression. "Oh, well," he chewed his lip. "I still think it's unfair. I should have the same opportunities."

Severus lifted a brow. "Should you?" He hummed, then sat back. "I'm guessing that you're speaking less of the opportunity to do twelve OWLs taught entirely by Hogwarts professors, during the school year, and more of the opportunity to carry a time turner."

Hercule did grimace then. "A time turner?" He asked, acting confused. "I don't know--"

"Rutherford, stop embarrassing yourself. You're decades too young to be capable of pulling the wool over my eyes," Severus sighed and settled back in his seat. "The average intelligent Gryffindor does not have the same inventive disregard for the rules that the average intelligent Slytherin does. When a Gryffindor abuses the privilege of a time-turner, they use it to take a nap or pull a prank. When a Slytherin does, they use it to expertly plot a rival student's hospitalization during the exam period, in order to ensure the top spot in their year." Severus paused, meeting the boy's eyes. "I speak from experience here."

Hercule's shoulders sank. "That's House prejudice, you know."

"That's common sense," Severus said, rubbing his eyes. "Professor McGonagall is welcome to run her lions however she likes. In this house, we have the common sense not to need the aid of time turners to achieve our ends. Because it is not something you will have access to in adulthood. You should start preparing yourself to work with more cunning and manage your time more shrewdly in the years ahead. And now, if that is all, I have a few things to finish up before the Slytherin v. Gryffindor match. Oh, and Rutherford,” he met the boy’s eyes, “if I hear reports of a missing time turner, I’ll know exactly where to point the Aurors."

Hercule huffed and stood up, muttered a quiet, "Yes, Professor," and walked out.

The Professor sighed and rubbed his eyes.

Severus loved his snakes. He did. But caring for a nest of vipers was no easy task. Especially not when most of them were highly venomous and deadly intelligent.

There as a soft 'pop' and he looked up to see a small letter on his desk, with a note above it, simply labelled 'SS'.

He smiled and his shoulders sank. He reached over and picked up the note, turning it over.

'Hope you slept well. You were looking a little peaky in class yesterday.' Wonderful, Harry was already getting cheeky with him. 'Thank you so much for doing this. I know you said it was no big deal, but it is to me, so... Thank you.

'I wrote the letter to Lupin, but I wanted to get your feedback before I sent it off. Let me know what you think. HP.'

#

Dear Mr Lupin,

I can't thank you enough for what you sent. They mean so much to me. Aunt Petunia didn't have any pictures or mementos of mum and dad when I was growing up, and it means so much to have a connection to them.

I'd love to hear anything you have to say about mum and dad. I'm sure there's lots you could tell me. Even something small would mean the world. All I really heard growing up is that I used to look a bit like my dad, and that I have my mum's eyes.

I'll admit, I'm disappointed I didn't get a chance to meet you before, but I understand how hard it must have been to go through all that. I don't blame you for needing time to grieve, but I'm glad I finally get to talk with you. I'd love to hear more about you. Anything you want to say. Even if it's just what subjects you were best at and what House you were in.

As for the wand-holster, I honestly don't know how to thank you. I'm not sure if I have a right to take such a valuable gift from you. I want you to know that I'll treasure it and if, one day, you want it back, I'll understand.

With gratitude,

Harry

#

It was well written. It opened up a correspondence and invited the man to have a part in Harry's life. Gave him a chance to play Harry's godfather and friend. It hinted that there was more to the story with the Dursleys but avoided disparaging them outright. He even gave a small clue about Harry's likeness to James Potter fading, to see if the man had any knowledge of the glamour.

But, reading through it, Severus couldn't help the twinge of jealousy in his chest at Harry calling James Potter 'dad'. It was necessary for the letter, of course. Even true, by blood or otherwise. But it didn't stop resentment from rearing it's ugly head.

In Harry's mind, James Potter would always be a father. Even if Severus came to earn that title, he would share it alongside the man he'd loathed. He was starting to understand that now, and it was a bitter brew to swallow.

Once upon a time, Albus Dumbledore's attempt to pull Harry away from Severus, by introducing Lupin, would have worked. Severus would have overreacted, drawn a line in the sand. Childishly made an ultimatum, and pushed Harry away as a result.

It had nearly still worked.

When he first met Harry, and when they'd first exchanged letters on the subject of James Potter, Severus had found himself unable to spew the furious bile he'd thought would come so easy to him. Once, maybe, he might have. But not after he'd heard the vile filth Petunia had been telling Harry all those years. He couldn't bring himself to do the same. To be the same as that bitter, cruel wench.

He had a choice and he'd chosen to keep silent. To pack away all the hate and resentment he had for James Potter and bury it deep. But, now...

Now was different.

James Potter, whether he'd been aware or not, had likely died protecting Snape's blood. Severus still doubted the man would ever have agreed to willingly raise Severus's child but, even if he'd done so unaware, he'd loved Harry. He'd died protecting Harry and Lily. And, whether Harry was truly his blood or not, Severus couldn't help but feel indebted to the man for that. Because, blood or not, Harry was Severus's son now. In his heart, the Potions Master had started to accept that to be the truth.

There was something almost fitting about it. That, in death, James Potter would find some way to gain the upper hand. To make Severus forever indebted, in a way he could never hope to repay. To force Severus to grant him his forgiveness. One grand gesture robbing Severus of his right to hate the man. He could practically feel the smug bastard laughing at him from beyond the grave.

Still, Severus thought to himself, as he stared at the letter, it was probably for the best that Harry found someone else to herald James Potter's memory. As much as he hated the thought of letting Remus Lupin into his son's life, opening up the possibility of disappointment, when there was even the slimmest chance it was a trap, the wolf was the best choice for a connection to Potter.

And Harry was right, as loyal as the wolf was to Albus Dumbledore, his loyalty to James Potter trumped it tenfold. There was a possibility he could be turned into a useful ally, in the years to come. And every one of Albus's lost followers was one more step toward ousting him from power.

That was more important than any grudge could ever be.

Even so, if the wolf ever hurt Severus's son, in any way, he knew of a couple dozen poisons that would put the mutt out of his misery.

#

"I don't see Madam Pomfrey!" Harry shouted over the roar of the spectators to Draco.

He'd never seen Slytherin been so animated before. They tended to remain poised and composed everywhere in public, determined not to lose their unflappable air. Today, they were a mob. Yelling instructions at the Slytherin team and screaming threats at the Gryffindors.

"She's not a Quidditch fan!" Draco shouted back over the eager Slytherins. Anything less than a mighty yell was lost by the roaring around them.

"That's not what I meant!" Harry shouted in reply. "What if someone gets hurt?"

Draco rolled his eyes. "Pomfrey has better things to do than loiter about to see if some idiot falls off their broom or gets hit by a bludger! I'm sure the Professors know first aid spells!"

"What, like Hooch!"

Draco paled a little at that, clearly remembering poor Neville's broken arm. "I'll talk to father!"

Harry nodded. Of course, the boy probably only cared because he'd bragged, numerous times, about how he was going to be Slytherin Seeker next year. But it was something, at least.

Harry spent the most of the time flinching when a bludger sped too close to one of the players, or when someone did an acrobatic move that Harry was certain would make them fall from their broom. His friends laughed at his horror when Katie Bell was clipped around the back of the head by a Bludger.

"What if she has a concussion!" Harry yelled.

Draco smirked. "Even better!"

Harry scowled. "You're evil!"

Draco grinned wickedly in reply.

Angelina Johnson had just scored when it happened. A bludger just sped past the Chaser before she threw the quaffle in the hoop. The bludger seemed to slow for a moment and then, abruptly, the orb curled around, sped up and shot forwards like a cannonball.

Headed straight for the Slytherin stands.

"Uh, Draco..." Harry said, stomach sinking as the other Slytherins finished bemoaning Johnson's goal.

"What?" Draco asked.

Harry's eyes widened as the bludger rapidly closed the gap between them from the other side of the field.

Getting faster.

His eyes widened and his heart started to pound. "Bollocks."

Crap, crap, crap.

The bludger was hurtling now. Full speed. Like a bullet.

A bullet roughly the size and weight of a bowling ball.

Aimed straight at him.

Harry jolted and jumped, shoving Draco to the ground as the bludger slammed into the seat Harry had been sitting in.

Splinters sprayed behind across their backs. Screams waved through the Slytherin stands. Students fled. Stampeding though the rows.

The bludger crashed back through the wooden stand beneath them. Curled around again. Aiming for Harry.

"What in Hades!" Draco yelled, eyes wide.

"Run!"

Harry just about managed to dodge the bloody thing again when it came for him once more. It smashed another hole in the stands and Harry broke into a run.

"Harry!" Draco yelled behind him.

He could hear the whistling of the thing as it rounded through the bottom of the stands, shattering through the support beams.

Harry really hoped this structure was magically supported.

"Get off the stands!" Someone yelled. Harry wasn't sure if they were screaming it at him or someone else.

The students were still crowding around the exit, rushing for safety.

A spitting, furious Draco was being physically dragged toward the exit by Crabbe and Goyle, under the apparent direction of Greengrass, while Zabini yelled something at the players on the Quidditch pitch, gesticulating wildly.

If Harry moved to follow them to the exit now, a lot of them would be injured or killed.

He'd have to wait until it had cleared.

Harry heard a roaring sound beneath him and barely jumped away in time for the bludger to come crashing through the stands beneath him.

He ran.

His heart pounding in his ears. Throat raw, tasting like blood and bile. The whistling drew closer and he dropped into a roll, just as the thing came shooting over his head.

The bludger curled quickly, shooting back at him. He readied to duck, but--

THWACK!

Red robes rustled around ahead of him. He looked up to see one of the Weasley twins floating on a broom ahead of him, holding a bludger's bat and grinning mischievously at Harry.

"Got all the luck, ain't you snakie-chops?"

Harry huffed for breath, then shrugged.

The bludger rounded on them again and a second Weasley twin came zooming down to strike it away again.

It didn't stay away long.

"Well, this is a pickle," the second twin said, aiming his bat and knocking the bludger away again.

"I'll say," the first twin replied, "don't suppose you've got a plan, snakie-kins?"

"Uh," Harry swallowed, "I'm thinking."

The twins lifted identical brows at him. "Think fast. We've got a match, in case you ain't noticed."

Harry nodded. He gazed around at the teacher's stands. He couldn't see Snape, or Dumbledore for that matter. Or any of the teachers.

Snape could be on the way.

Or he could have missed the match.

No. Snape wouldn't have missed the Slytherin vs Gryffindor match. He didn't like to let on, but Harry could tell the Potions Master was obsessed with Quidditch. Especially with the way he'd been bragging in Harry's detention about his snakes winning the Quidditch Cup almost every year since he'd become Head of House.

The detention. Of course!

Harry twisted to see the exit had finally been cleared.

"I've got an idea!" Harry cried.

"Good for you." One of the twins grunted as he knocked the bludger back away. "Care to share?"

"I've gotta get to the bathroom!"

"Now?" One of the twins smirked. "You could have picked a better time to take a leak."

"Just get me inside the bathroom," Harry said. "Then keep it from breaking through the door for twenty seconds. Okay?"

The twins exchanged a 'Look', then shrugged. "Alright then."

"Sounds like a plan."

#

Severus's mouth tasted like blood. He ran like a man fleeing for his life. The pounding in his chest rising like a vicious inferno.

He thought he'd known true fear before.

Severus believed that nothing could ever compare to sprinting through Godric's Hollow, toward the remains of Lily's home. That nothing could ever compare to the dread of climbing those stairs, terrified of what he would find.

But this...

This was worse.

The moment he'd seen the bludger tear towards his son. Fast enough to kill Harry with one well positioned blow to the head, he felt a terror he'd never felt before. Thrumming through his body like dark magic.

He'd not hesitated.

He ran.

Ran faster than he ever had. Down that infernal tall tower to the teacher's box. He grabbed at the banister of the stairs and jumped a flight at or two at a time. Ignoring the pain that sliced through his knees as he did.

When he emerged to the student stands, his stomach dropped.

The entire Slytherin section of the stand was empty. Evacuated. Giant holes shattered through the wood.

No sign of Harry.

Severus hissed through his gritted teeth, searching as he ran. Eyes gazing down at the pitch below, through the holes in the stands, fearing the worst.

"Professor!" Called a voice.

He looked up to see one of the Weasley twins floating on their broom, around exit hall.

Severus dashed toward him, his throat raw. He heard a bounding sound. Like a giant knocking hard on on a door, determined to break inside.

When he got closer, he froze, then released a great, relieved breath.

The twins were floating outside the boys lavatories with amusement flickering across their faces, while the bludger repeatedly tried to slam itself into the toilet door and was furiously bounced back again with full force.

The warding charm.

Severus almost laughed at the sight.

Clever boy.

"Harry!" Severus called. "Are you injured?"

"No!" Harry called back from the other side of the door. "Fred and George helped me out in time."

Severus exhaled and clutched a hand to his chest. "Good," he swallowed and nodded, then turned to the twins, "eighty points to Gryffindor."

The two of them balked and gaped at him.

"Er--"

"Really?"

"Would you prefer I take them back?" Severus asked, brow lifted.

"No, sir!"

"Cheers!" They saluted him.

Severus nodded. "Get back to your game. Your teammates are no doubt losing miserably."

"Good luck, Harry," one of them called.

"Thank you, guys! I owe you!"

"No worries," one of them called back.

"Teach us that warding charm and we'll call it even!"

"Deal!"

At that, they flew back toward the Quidditch game, which was, for some reason, still underway.

Honestly, Severus sometimes wondered whether, if Death Eaters flooded the school during a Quidditch match and the world descended into madness, Hooch would keep the game going until the snitch was caught or both teams had been killed.

Mad wench.

Severus turned to the bludger and glared at it while he heard the patter of his fellow Professors rushing for him.

"What in the name of magic...?" Minerva gaped beside him.

"A simple warding charm, ingeniously deployed," Severus explained, half his eye watching for the appearance of a garish purple turban.

"I'll say!" Filius breathed, still panting from his descent. "My word, as a first year, that's no easy charm. Good show, Potter!"

"Er, thanks, sir," Harry called back. "Could someone fix the bludger now, please? I'm not sure how long the warding will stick for."

Severus lifted his wand, used a tardus charm to slow the bludger long enough to cast a reversal, then used the counter-curse.

The bludger abruptly smacked to the floor and Severus stormed forward, performed an Alohomora and ripped open the bathroom door.

Harry managed to catch himself before he fell backwards, as he'd apparently been holding himself flat against the door to keep the bludger from trying to break through the walls.

Severus quashed the overwhelming urge to clutch the boy tight and confirm Harry was really there. Instead, he lobbed every basic diagnostic charm he knew at his son.

Severus was starting to think that he would need more training than a simple course on first aid could provide him, to continue his care-taking of Harry.

It only took nine months to train as a Tier One Medi-Wizard. It might be worth the investment in time and money.

Merlin, Severus was exhausted.

"I told you, I'm fine," Harry huffed.

"I will determine that," Severus scowled at him. "Your luck is abysmal."

Harry huffed. "I know," he scowled. "I swear, someone's trying to kill me!"

Severus stared warningly at the boy, bidding him to silence and Harry froze, a fear and understanding sweeping across his face before he expertly buried it.

Like father, like son.

"Harry," the Headmaster's voice crept through the hall behind them, "I'm pleased to see you still in one piece. Quite the unexpected adventure. I'll take a look at this bludger and determine--"

"I can do it, Professor," Severus straightened and turned to the man. "I'm sure you're busy enough."

"Nonsense," the Professor smiled, genially, "you've got quite the furor to deal with. Your snakes are bound to be in a fluster, I expect. I'll take care of this."

Severus barely kept himself from swearing.

Meddling bastard.

When Albus did test the bludger for tampering, he'd likely keep the culprit a secret until he'd finished his scheming.

The Headmaster was keeping his cards too close to the chest. He always did, but this matter in particular was infuriating beyond words. When Severus had bothered to bring up his fears, after the Halloween incident, the Headmaster had waved it off as nothing.

"Trust me, my boy. Everything is in hand."

Severus already had his suspicions of who had caused this incident, but he needed proof. Especially when the suspect had no apparent motive.

Though he was seriously contemplating simply concocting an untraceable poison and killing the bastard for what he'd almost done to Harry. The only thing that stopped him was the threat of imprisonment in Azkaban.

He could not risk it when it would leave Harry's life utterly at the old bastard's mercy. Otherwise, he probably would have done so already.

If the culprit was attempting to steal the Philosopher's Stone, that was a crime easy enough to find motive for. Plotting to murder the Boy-Who-Lived, however, required another motive entirely. One more complex than mere greed.

Severus forced himself not to look toward the garlic-stinking former Muggle Studies teacher as the sputtering fool turned the corner into the exit hall.

Something else was going on here.

#

Draco didn't hit him this time. So, that was progress.

When Harry walked over, Draco was being held at wand point by their housemates, yet again. The Slytherins had congregated on the grass outside the Quidditch pitch. Draco was whirling, hands waving and snarling furiously as he barked orders at his friends. Yelling something to Crabbe and Goyle about 'sustenance', before turning on an exhausted-looking Greengrass, Davis, Zabini and Parkinson and snapping something about 'curses'.

The moment Draco spotted Harry, he leapt into action, rushing over and dragging Harry up to the Hospital Wing, to be tested, yet again, for any kind of damage or injury. Snape came with them, but looked altogether too amused by the proceedings to bother saving Harry from the furious blonde.

Draco stood there by his hospital bedside, with his arms folded, glaring furiously at Harry as if he was considering which hex in particular he should start with.

When Madam Pomfrey gave him a clean bill of health, Draco pulled Harry down to the dungeons and into the common room. Snape squeezed Harry's shoulder as he left, with a gentle look that said he'd be in contact soon.

"What about lunch?" Harry asked, as Draco shoved him onto the sofa.

"You're not moving," Draco snarled, "do you hear me!? You're a walking disaster waiting to happen. It's barely been over a bloody week since you were attacked by a sodding troll! You're obviously a walking disaster waiting to happen."

Harry huffed. "Draco--"

"No," Draco growled, eyes thinning at Harry, "you will sit. You will wait there, where I can keep an eye on you. Gregory and Vincent will be getting food for us all and Pansy, Zabini, Greengrass and Davis have agreed to go check the Library for our research."

"Research?" Harry blinked. "On what?"

Draco glared at Harry like he was an idiot. "What do you think! Either someone at Hogwarts is trying to kill you, or you've been cursed, or both. Frankly, I think it's at least partly curse. There's got to be some kind of a backlash to eliminating the most powerful Dark Wizard of our age. Not to mention rebounding a Killing Curse. Magic only knows what dark after-effects are clogging up that head of yours!"

Harry's hand itched toward the scar on his head, which Draco was glaring at like it personally offended him. "I'm not cursed!"

"Really?" Draco then proceeded to perform an uncanny rendition of the patented Snape 'Eyebrow of Doom'. "Know anyone who's out to kill you, then?"

Harry opened his mouth, then choked and closed it again, sweeping his face of emotion, but clearly it was too late.

Draco's eyes widened with utter terror. "YOU DO!" He cried. "For fuck's sake! Who!?"

"Nobody!" Harry winced.

"Don't lie to me," Draco lifted his wand and the murderous look in his eye spoke volumes, "I've been practicing hexes since before I got my own wand. Don't think I won't try a few out on you."

"Look," Harry huffed, rubbing his eyes, "I don't know, okay? I mean... it's complicated. He didn't say anything, but I think Snape thinks someone's trying to kill me."

Other than Dumbledore. The Headmaster didn't really want to kill Harry, he supposed. Probably just wanted him to walk onto a battlefield and die for the cause.

This felt like someone else.

Draco slowly lowered his wand. "So," he said, "there's a possibility that someone at this school is after you?"

Harry shrugged. "I guess so," he said. "Snape looked as if he hadn't ruled it out. And that bludger had clearly been hexed to hit me. That feels malicious."

Draco frowned. "I suppose it is probable, given who you are. But it is unlikely that Professor Snape will be willing to share theories around."

Harry shrugged. "Look, I'm sure he'll give me more information later. But we can't go around telling anyone. It might hinder his investigation."

Draco winced and nodded, tapping his foot. "That's true, I suppose. It's hard to tell who might be responsible, in this circumstance. One might assume a follower of the Dark Lord, but the only former Death Eaters at the match were Lord Flint and, well..." Draco winced and waved a hand absently, "you know."

And Snape.

Harry grimaced and nodded. "Yeah. So why's Flint out?"

Draco shrugged. "I don't think even the Flint's would be idiotic enough to target Severus Snape's son. That's a feud he'd undoubtedly want to avoid."

Harry's eyes widened. "Er, really? They... they're scared of him?"

Draco snorted and smirked at Harry. "Nobody wants to make an enemy of Severus Snape. Even my father wouldn't. There's a reason he made Professor Snape my godfather."

"Snape's your godfather? I didn't know that."

"Oh, yes," Draco shrugged. "Not exactly the spoiling kind, but he was good at giving advice. I used to call him Uncle Sev. He hated it, of course."

Harry smiled, but it felt forced. Something inside his chest ached at the thought of Snape being a father figure to someone else, while Harry had been growing up alone and hated.

"Anyway," Draco said, pacing back and forth, "if Flint is out, then we'll have to explore all the other reasons someone might be targeting you. They'd have to be either a highly competent NEWT level student or a Profess..." Draco stopped, his eyes narrowing as he stared off at the corner of the room, thoughts churning. "Hmm."

"Er, Draco," Harry cleared his throat, "I'm pretty sure Snape already has someone in mind."

Draco straightened. "He does?" He asked, then huffed. "Of course he does. He knows everything," then he stared off into the distance, scowling a little as if forming a plan. Harry was about to ask the blonde what he was up to now when Crabbe and Goyle stepped through into the common room with giant containers full of food.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone! Hope you enjoyed the chapter 😊

    I just wanted to say a huge thank you to everyone who has left messages for me over the last few weeks. I'm so sorry that I haven't had time to reply to many recently, I've been a little out of sorts, but I love all the wonderful support you've been sending me and it brings a huge smile to my face every time I open an email with a comment from a happy reader. Should be sending out replies soon.

    I'm planning to update the next chapter in a fortnight, on Friday 19th February. Until then, have a wonderful couple of weeks!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 25
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Draco was suspiciously agreeable when Harry refused to hide in the common room on Sunday morning. The blonde just shrugged.

"You're not going to argue?" Harry frowned at his friend.

Draco huffed. "I can't lock you in the dungeon forever," he said. "We've got classes tomorrow, after all."

Harry smelled a plot, but stayed silent on the matter for the moment.

When Harry had finished eating and said his goodbye's to his fellow Slytherins, he got up to head for the Library. Except, he found himself with a couple shadows.

Three, to be exact.

"Er... what are you doing?" Harry asked, as Mill, Zabini and Nott coasted alongside him through the corridors to the main staircase.

"Visiting the library with our dear friend," Zabini said casually, as if this behavior were normal as anything.

Harry blinked at him. "You remember what study group I'm meeting with today... right?"

Zabini rolled his eyes. "Vaguely."

Harry got an awful feeling. "You're not here to kidnap me for Draco and lock me back in the dungeon, are you?"

"Not today," Nott replied, not once looking up from his book.

Harry watched the three snakes carefully out the corner of his eye. "You're can't stop me from going, you know?"

"We know," Mill shrugged.

Harry narrowed his eyes at his friends. "You'll be... polite?"

"I'm offended you'd ever expect otherwise," Zabini scoffed. "I will, as always, be the perfect example of pure-blood decorum."

Mill, Harry and Nott simultaneously rolled their eyes.

When they arrived at the library, everyone was there already. Hermione and Neville were whispering furiously with Susan Bones, Hannah Abbott and a cohort of Ravenclaws. When they spotted him, several jumped to their feet. Hermione rushed over with a book clutched in her hands.

Beside him, Nott stiffened, but remained silent. Zabini straightened and his eye gazed over the study-group appraisingly, as if inspecting their breeding by sight.

Mill didn't seem bothered in the least. She just wandered over to Justin Finch-Fletchley, who'd brought what looked like a footie magazine and started a conversation with the bewildered Hufflepuff.

"Harry! Are you okay?" Hermione gasped, eyes wide. "Professor McGonagall said you weren't injured, but you weren't at lunch or dinner in the hall yesterday and gosh, I was so worried! I can't believe it! It was just horrible seeing that bludger tear toward you like that, you must have been scared stiff. Listen, I've been thinking, Dumbledore told the students it was just a rogue bludger, a problem with the charms work, but I'm still convinced it was malicious. He probably just didn't want to panic anybody. Anyway, I was in the library all afternoon yesterday, looking for the spell that did it. I think I've found the one the perpetrator used."

Zabini and Nott cautiously leaned over to look at the book, exchanging a curious look.

"You did?" Zabini asked.

Hermione nodded, she opened the book up on a page and skimmed down to a line along the middle. "The Prosequor Charm. It was hard to find, at first. I checked the DADA books, but then I realized that I'd seen the charm before. At Diagon Alley, they had a paddle and ball game that uses the same charm."

Nott's eyes lit with a realization. "Of course," he murmured.

"Why didn't I think of that?" Zabini groused.

Hermione handed the book to Nott and showed him the page. "The Charm works by following the signature on the charmed counterpart, so I'm thinking that the culprit must have slipped past Harry before the match and used a sticking Charm to attach something to his robes."

Nott hummed and nodded, fingering through the pages absently. "It was so crowded in the hallways before the match, though. Anyone could have done that."

"But only so many people have access to the bludger, though," Hermione said. "They keep those behind keyed wards."

Zabini looked over at her with a vague and begrudging approval, while Nott fingered through the book. "Few of them with actual motive, though," Nott said.

"Oh!" Hermione gasped, then waved them toward the table. "I've got a list!"

Zabini and Nott exchanged another 'Look' and followed her over to the far side of the table, where she'd written a list of possible suspects out on a depressingly long length of parchment.

Harry got the impression he should follow them, to keep an eye on whatever horrifying alliance was about to happen, but Hannah Abbott launched at him, anxiously looking him over for signs of injury.

"We were so worried!" Abbott cried. "That thing could have killed you. You were so lucky it didn't. How did you get away?"

Harry explained in vague detail his escape. The Weasley twins holding the bludger off while he escaped to the bathroom and set the ward Snape showed him. This got the attention of both Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff alike and he wound up spending a good chunk of the study session demonstrating the charm and teaching it to a few of the other students.

Neville, astonishingly, was one of the first to get the ward right. He cast it on his satchel. It only stayed in place for a few seconds before the magic fizzed out, but Harry didn't think he'd ever seen the boy look more proud.

"It's so hard!" Abbott cried, after her seventh failed attempt. "How do you make it look so easy?"

Harry shrugged. He thought about mentioning the magical meditation thing, and how it improved control of his magical core, but he'd have a hard time explaining where he learned about it. "Keep practicing. It takes time and practice to develop control over your magical core. You'll get there."

"It's a really cool spell, though," Terry Boot said, reading through the book on basic wards that he'd found the spell in. "Professor Snape is right, it's probably a third year spell, in terms of difficulty. It doesn't make sense not to teach it to students until seventh year, just because it's a ward. It has so many applications!"

Sue Li nodded. "We should talk to Flitwick about it. Maybe he'll consider staggering the warding practicals through the years. That way we can learn more of them."

Justin Finch-Fletchley stared at them in dismay. "You don't think we're already learning enough?"

The Ravenclaw's looked at him as if he were utterly mad.

By the time they eventually got around to studying, Nott and Zabini's had moved the conversation with Hermione on. "What did I miss?" Harry asked.

"Oh, nothing much," Hermione said, with a quick glance toward Zabini. "Harry, uh, would you help me with this transfiguration homework? I was looking at the essay question and I wondered..." Hermione proceeded to then ramble on about the variables and where he'd found his reading and what books he'd recommend.

They stopped when time came for their Sunday Lunch, wandering down to the Great Hall together and waving goodbye as they separated to their House tables.

When Harry sat down, Draco was looking a little more disheveled than usual. His hair was mussed and his robes were skewed and a little untidy, with fluff and fur sticking to them.

Harry lifted a brow. "What have you been up to?"

Draco shrugged, grabbing a couple slices of beef. "Nothing much. Oh! I heard back from mother. She booked an appointment with Francois Jacobs on the Sunday 14th December."

Harry blinked at him. "Is that name supposed to mean something to me?"

Draco rolled his eyes. "Francois Jacobs is the best designer and tailor you can find for dress robes in Britain. We need to have you measured for something before the Ball, after all."

Harry frowned. "How am I supposed to go to the appointment?"

Draco waved the worry away. "It's on a weekend. You only need Professor Snape's permission to leave the school grounds, so long as you are chaperoned by a teacher. Bumblebore need never know."

Harry nodded slowly. "Uh, I suppose."

"We're going to have to get you more clothes, of course," Draco continued. "Casual wear, formal wear, a traveling cloak, that sort of thing. But that will have to wait. The dress robes are the most pressing issue."

"Why do I need formal wear if I'm getting dress robes? Aren't they the same thing?"

To Draco, this was clearly a terrible, awful, heinous sign of the worst ignorance of basic fashion principles. The blonde spent the entire dinner and walk back to the common room explaining to Harry, in detail, how much of an idiot he would look showing up to an important meeting in Gringotts, or the Ministry, in a dress robe.

When they sat down in the common room, Draco suddenly stopped his tirade as he stared over Harry's shoulder. "Ah," Draco said, "I'll just be a second."

Harry watched with intrigue while Draco climbed to his feet and moved towards their dorm room, where Zabini and Nott were now all-too-casually stepping inside.

Harry narrowed his eyes at the sight, until he was distracted by a disgruntled chewing sound coming from the sofa opposite him.

Crabbe and Goyle were determinedly gnawing their way through a hard mound of beige foodstuff that was vividly familiar.

"Are those... rock cakes?" Harry asked.

The two boys blinked at him and shrugged. "D'acoo gove um thoo ush," Crabbe replied.

"Thrr arright," Goyle added.

Harry scowled suspiciously over at the dorm room door. He felt tempted to go spy on his mysterious friend, but he had someone to see. So, instead, he used his friend's absence as a means to sneak out the common room without his self-appointed bodyguards.

#

The tracking spell was easy enough to set up. Almost too easy, at this point. Severus had performed so many of them on various subjects of his spy work that it was as effortless as an Accio.

Concealing the tracking spell was the hard part. In this case, he'd mostly needed to conceal from others who might wish to meddle with it, but it was still a delicate business.

It was the warning system, however, which took the most work. Severus had found a few options, but none of them were particularly easy to cast. He suspected that there were more effective Blood Magic spells, but he'd never found many books on the subject over the years. Mostly because he'd never had never bothered to look.

"So, you're going to spy on me?" Harry frowned at him, arms folded as he scowled at Severus, who was performing the necessary tracking and monitoring spells on the lily bracelet he'd gifted the Harry so many months ago.

"I promise you, Harry, that I have better things to do with my time than monitor your every move," Severus said. They were sitting in the hidden classroom, in their armchairs with a pot of tea on the coffee table between them. "However, I have come to the conclusion that you are too danger prone for me not to implement some form of emergency tracker."

Harry huffed, rolling his eyes. "You're overreacting."

Severus glowered back at the boy. "I believe I'm reacting perfectly adequately to you being almost maimed twice in a fortnight."

Harry's cheeks reddened ever so slightly. Then he shoved his sheepishness down in order to continue pouting like a brat. "This is an invasion of privacy."

Severus rolled his eyes. "Your privacy, I'm afraid, means a great deal less to me than your life," he flicked his wand and the last of the spells. "There, it is done. I ask that you keep this on you at all times. You may not like it, but if you at all value your life, you will do so. If you are in a position of peril, or suffering any danger or injury whatsoever, simply say the word 'auxilium' and the bracelet will inform me and alert me, with your location, enabling me to come to your aid. In return, I agree not to needlessly abuse the ability to find your location, unless absolutely necessary."

Harry huffed, then nodded, taking the bracelet and slipping it back on his wrist. "Okay, sir. I'll wear it."

"Thank you. Now, say the activation word and we can test it."

Harry nodded. "Auxilium."

Severus felt a tug in his magical core and a sudden understanding wash over him, of Harry's exact location. It was an odd sensation. He waved his wand, muttering an incantation and the feeling dissipated. "Excellent."

Harry hesitated for a moment, a reluctant curiosity on his face. "Uh, sir..." he paused, "do you really think someone in the school is out to kill me?"

Severus hesitated, a bitter taste on his tongue. "There have been people out to get you since they day you were born. It is not unlikely that one of them made it through the wards of Hogwarts."

Harry seemed to dip at that. A reluctant acceptance. He swallowed and looked up. "Who?"

Severus winced. "I cannot be certain that I am correct. It is integral that you keep my suspicions to yourself and occlude whenever necessary."

Harry straightened and nodded.

Severus sighed. "Quirrell."

Harry's eyes widened and he stared at Severus as if the Potions Master had lost his mind. "Are you joking?"

He huffed. "No."

Harry blinked and stared across at the wall, as if sorting through all his previous interactions with the DADA Professor. "Huh," he murmured, "uh, okay. Why do you suspect Quirrell?"

Severus rolled his eyes. "For one, his stutter is fake. I know the sound of a real stutter and his is decidedly not. Secondly, he began acting erratically after he'd returned from a career break traveling the world. I suspect he gathered more on his trip than turbans and a lingering obsession with garlic. Thirdly, he is the one who lost control of the troll in the first place."

"What!" Harry barked, stunned. "How do you know?"

"Because he admitted as much in the staff meeting," Severus said. "He was required to bring the troll into the castle for a project of the Headmaster's and apparently under-dosed the thing. He apologized profusely for the blunder, but it's obvious to me that it was planned. He obviously used it as a distraction, which I proved when I caught the bastard trying to get past my wards on the third floor corridor. I was on my way back when I found out about your life being jeopardized by the fool's plans," Severus hissed the last part with a malignant fury. "He's very lucky I still let him live."

Harry grimaced and nodded. "So he... he's after the thing the cerberus is guarding."

"I believe so," Severus said.

"But he also, for some reason, might want to kill me?"

"Possibly."

"Why?"

Severus paused, his gaze softening as he stared at Harry with a grim unease. "I'm not sure," he said. "But whatever the answer, I suspect the Headmaster already knows."

Harry flinched, his hands gripping into fists. "And he's still letting Quirrell work here?"

Severus nodded.

Harry closed his eyes and exhaled slowly. It was a few more moments before he opened his eyes. "I see," he said. "So, we're on our own?"

Severus nodded. "For now."

Harry grinned. "For now."

The Potions Master's lips twitched with a smirk. He brushed a piece of lint off his robes and folded his hands atop one another. "On that note," he said, "Lucius has requested I arrange a sit-down on the 21st. So we will have to hash out the talking points for the alliance over the coming weeks. You had word from him?"

Harry nodded, reaching into his bag and handing over the letter. He waited for a little while, as Snape read. Then the man snorted suddenly, and chuckled to himself. "'Modest though they may be'. Lucius hasn't been modest a day in his life."

Harry pursed his lips to resist grinning. "I was worrying about that counter-point he made. I think it's probably too vague."

"Undoubtedly," Snape said. "Likely a small form of test, but don't doubt he'd take advantage of your unwittingly agreeing to support of his every political whim, if he deemed it necessary. Though I know some full grown adults who'd still fall for this trap, so you should be proud of noticing it."

Harry straightened a little in his seat. "I was thinking of suggesting, as an alternative, support in ending the unjust raid and seizure of the old families property. It's already something I feel strongly about."

"It is?" Snape looked up.

Harry shrugged. "It is just causing more animosity, and that feeds into the Dark Lord's cause."

Snape hummed and nodded, turning back to the letter. "You're correct. People who feel comfortable in their positions of power don't often join revolutions. They don't need to. That's likely why Lucius Malfoy is turning away from the Dark Lord. He has worked hard to undo the damage that his father and grandfather did to the House of Malfoy and now sits in a position of some great influence. If he joined the Dark Lord's cause now, it would only be to protect his family."

Harry nodded. "So you think that would make a good counter-point?"

"I believe it could. You may need to hash out a point which explains that future political agreements to be arranged ad hoc, upon mutual agreement. But check Draco's collection for that, I'm certain he'll have books with suggestions for wording."

"Already on it."

"Of course you are," Snape smiled at him.

"I was also thinking," Harry began, chewing his lip, "we might need to come up with a way to make sure the alliance is linked to me and my kin, and not just the House of Potter."

Snape's eyes lit with a realization. "Of course," he whispered, then huffed and sighed, "I don't know how I missed that. If you turn out not to be legally acknowledged as James Potter's son and heir of the House of Potter..."

"The agreement is void," Harry finished. "So we need to make sure that we don't wind up with Lucius Malfoy being able to null the agreement at a technicality, if the wind shifts."

"I have no doubt he was planning to hold that in his pocket as an emergency exit, in case he needed to rejoin the Dark Lord's cause. Well spotted," Snape said with a proud grin. Harry's seemed to lift with delight and a smile itched across his face. "Have you had time to build bridges with other heirs?"

Harry nodded, straightening and smiling. "I set up a Inter-House football game, to break down barriers with the Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws. It was a big hit. A bunch of us met today for a Inter-House study group. Around a dozen people."

Snape's brows rose. "Well done. Does anybody stand out?"

"Susan Bones," Harry said. "She seems quite open minded. I think there's potential there for something. Maybe not a formal alliance, but a friendship, at least. It helps that Susan is actually really nice to talk to. We agree on a fair bit, actually."

Snape hummed and sat back. "Her aunt is no fan of mine, for obvious reasons, but she has not been overly hostile to any of the suspected members of the Dark Lord's faction. More focused on systemic reform than punishing those Death Eaters incorrectly found innocent due to corruption. She is respected. Fairly neutral."

"I think there's hope there," Harry said. "Like I said, maybe not a formal alliance, but if I'm friends with Susan, it might be helpful to our future plans. Madam Bones isn't an ally with Dumbledore and it sounds like she avoided his inner circle."

Snape nodded. "She was an instrumental non-partisan member of the Ministry during and after the war. She's always been more level headed than her associates in the Ministry. Acknowledging the fears of both sides and working for the betterment of all, while maintaining a steady grounding among the Light and Grey alliance block. I think she understood, better than Albus ever did, how dangerous demonization of your fellow man can be."

"Susan said more or less something similar, actually," Harry said. "I think there's hope there. Especially since Susan is a good influence on the other Hufflepuffs. She's very level-headed. They respect her. I think that if I keep trying break down the House boundaries, she could help a few more students to see the same."

"You both could," Snape said. "She with the Light-aligned houses and you with the Dark."

"Hopefully," Harry said. "Zabini and Nott did come to the Inter-House study group today. I think they were doing it to keep an eye on me for Draco, but they chatted with Hermione for at least half an hour."

Snape started and blinked at him. "Civilly?"

Harry nodded.

Snape frowned. "Well, that's highly suspicious."

"I know!" Harry cried, appearing vindicated. "So I'm not just being paranoid. They're up to something, I swear. They were way too interested in Hermione's research of the Prosequor Charm. She thinks that was what was set on the bludger. Plus, I'm pretty sure that Draco went to visit Hagrid today," the boy huffed, as if regretting making that introduction in the first place. Severus had to admit he wouldn't have recommended introducing someone as liable to leak information as Reubus Hagrid, to someone as nosy as the youngest Malfoy. "I think Draco is trying to run his own investigation. I think he's probably worried that if I know about it, I'll tell you and you'll put a stop to it."

Snape nodded slowly. "Keep an eye out," he said. "And keep my suspicions about Quirrell to yourself. I don't think Draco can be trusted to act rationally with the information right now."

Harry wholeheartedly agreed.

#

On Monday 9th, Snape called a meeting for full attendance in the Slytherin common room that evening. When the Professor stepped through the hidden entrance, the place was brimming full of Slytherins, whispering and murmuring excitedly with one another.

Harry sat silently among his friends while the Potions Master surveyed the room with a calm, chilled glance. He didn't visit the common room often, but he always seemed to know what was going on in here. Whether people were up past curfew, leaving their homework to the last minute or plotting revenge on the Gryffindors.

"As some of you know," Snape began folding his arms and glancing across at the upper years, "despite our last day of class falling on Friday 20th December, the school board believes it better to push the end of term Hogwarts Express journey forward to Monday, the 23rd of the month."

He paused as his gaze swept across to the pure-blood students in the room and lingered. It took Harry a moment to realize why.

Yule, Harry remembered. Yule is on the 21st.

"This is not the first time they've done this and do not believe it will be the last," Snape said. "There is, however, room in the charter for myself to personally escort students to their homes, via my personal Floo, for reasons of mental health. If you wish to go home early, I suggest you come by my office this week and explain to me how much stress you have been under this term, or how homesick you have been feeling, and what a relief it would be to see your loved ones before the 23rd. I will be escorting students back by Floo, on the evening of the 20th and the morning of the 21st. These times will be arranged randomly, and I suggest you refrain from attempting any form of bribery to change the date, as it is more likely to work against you.

"If you wish to go home early, but your family haven't a Floo, a number of the older students have families that are willing to open their homes for those looking to come home early for the holidays. Simply explain the circumstances to myself and we will arrange something. Now, for those who wish to stay in Hogwarts for the holidays, please step forward and I will put your names down."

Harry rose from his seat, thinking he'd be the only one, then out of the corner of his eye, he spotted Theo and Mill standing and moving to follow.

Harry frowned at them. "What are you doing?"

"Staying for the holidays," said Mill.

"Why?"

They shrugged.

"More books here," Theo explained.

Harry frowned at them. "Draco made you, didn't he?"

"I picked it out a hat," Mill said.

"Not me," Theo admitted. "I just wanted the library to myself."

Harry huffed, then turned to Mill. "This is ridiculous! Don't let Draco bully you into sticking around. I'm fine."

"Someone literally tried to kill you," Theo pointed out, brow lifted.

"That doesn't mean you should get to miss out on Christmas with your loved ones. I've got ways of protecting myself. I can stay close to the trustworthy teachers and prefects, stick to the library and common room." He turned to Mill. "Look, I'll feel like crap if you're stuck here with me instead of seeing your family."

Mill huffed. "It's not a big deal, Harry. I only really enjoyed Christmas because I got to see Gramps and Gram. They're not around anymore, so..." she shrugged again.

"But your mum's gonna miss you," he said. Harry knew better than to mention Mill's dad. She always got grumpy when the wizard was brought up. "I know you'll want to be there with her."

Mill softened a bit at that, eyes just barely glittering with regret. She sank as the point hit home. Harry knew Mill wouldn't want her mum spending the holidays alone with her father. Not after her mother's parents had just passed away.

Theo nudged her. "Leave it to me, Mill. I've got this."

She sighed and nodded. "Thanks," she smiled sadly at them, then peered over at Draco. "I'll go give our blonde tyrant the bad news."

She wandered off while Harry and Theo approached Snape.

"Problem?" The Professor asked, gaze lingering on the furiously hissing Draco in the corner of the room.

"Nope," Harry said, signing his name, then handing the Quill to Theo, who signed underneath.

After that, Draco kept threatening to stay at Hogwarts for the holidays, and he was very serious. Twice Harry had needed to stop him from storming over to Snape's office to have his name put down.

"Someone needs to keep an eye on you!" Draco hissed as he collapsed next to Harry on the sofa. "Theo isn't enough!"

"Theo is more than enough. Theo is a little terrifying," Harry admitted. On the chair opposite, the corner of Theo's mouth twitched up, never once looking up from his book. "Besides, are you completely forgetting that Snape will be around for the holidays?" Harry pointed out. "Do you not remember the whole point of me wanting to stay here for Christmas?"

Draco sank at that. "But someone could catch you in the halls, or set a trap!"

"Someone could do that anyway," Harry pointed out. "It doesn't matter if you have half the first years guarding me or none of them, someone could still try something. You can't eliminate the danger altogether by sheer force of will. We've got to just be smart and prepared."

Draco rolled his eyes and pouted. "You've got absolutely no sense of self-preservation. It's ridiculous. I blame the influence of all those bloody Gryffindors."

Harry smirked a little and nudged his friend's shoulder. "I'll be fine," he whispered, smiling at his worried friend.

Draco grumbled and elbowed Harry back. "You better be."

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Thanks again for all the lovely comments and kudos. I hope you know that they really makes my day, so please continue.

    I've decided to take more time than usual between this chapter and the next. I'm sorry about the delay, but the Christmas break section has a lot of major thematic shifts in it and I want to be able to get them right before I commit by publishing it on here. So, for that reason, the next update will likely be on the 12th March. I may publish sooner if the drafts get finished sooner than I expected, but if not I will try and get what I can out then.

    Thank you again, stay safe and I'll see you on Friday the 12th March.

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 26
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Narcissa Malfoy was intimidatingly beautiful. Long, silken blonde hair that shone with magic and even the way she stood seemed effortlessly charming.

When she saw Harry emerge from the Floo with Snape, in the elegant white and gold Entry Room of the Francois Jacobs's shop, her lips prickled with a satisfied smile. She set her adorned champagne coupe on a tray held by a quiet, statuesque shop-girl and glided toward them.

"Severus, so good to see you again," she said, lifting her silk-draped arm toward the man, "as always."

"And you," Snape drawled in reply, kissing her hand and peering at her curiously, "though might I recommend you make your future requests to my person, perhaps a little less threatening."

The Lady Malfoy lifted a brow. "I'm certain that anything less would have failed to motivate you, my dear," she smirked, then she turned to Harry with a glint in her eye, analyzing his likeness to the wizard standing beside him with a quiet yet calculating air that reminded Harry a lot of Draco. Her gaze lingered over his eyes, the etherial green that so keenly matched his mother's. "And Mr Potter," she continued with a smile, "it is a pleasure to finally meet you. My husband and son have many interesting things to say about you."

"Thank you, Lady Malfoy," Harry said, bowing his head slightly in respect. "It's a pleasure to finally meet you, too. I've heard great things about you as well."

"Not from our dear Severus, I suspect," she said with a smirk toward the Professor. "Please, call me Aunt Cissa," she said to Harry, smirking with mischief, "we're as good as family, after all."

Harry startled a little at the sudden shift to informality. Lady Malfoy was a little less traditional than he'd expected her to be. "Uh, of course. Then please call me Harry."

Narcissa grinned at him. "Wonderful," she said, turning with the grace of a dancer. "Come, dears, we have so much to do."

#

The next thirty minutes were a whirl of color and chatter. Narcissa Malfoy and François Jacobs spent most of it speaking to one another in French, while shimmering fabrics fluttered around the room like they were dancing a ballet.

Harry was set upon the dais, measured and judged while Snape skulked in the corner, occasionally looking at his pocket watch and sighing as if imagining all the potions he'd rather be brewing in this time.

François Jacobs's shop was more akin to a museum than a tailors. There was no doorway to a busy shopping street. No customers bustling here and there. The room was circular, with dark oak shelving fitted to the walls, filled with rich fabrics of every possible color and style Harry could think of.

Mannequins stood around the room posed in various styles of dress, some dressed in medieval tunics and others in tuxedos with Wizard capes and robes, all surrounding the engraved wooden dais that Harry had been thrust upon the minute he arrived.

"Can't I just wear something simple?" Harry asked while the tailor and Lady Malfoy argued over whether to make his tunic sash in the juniper green or pine green silk. "Those robes over there look nice." He said, pointing to the tuxedo suit with a robe draped over the formal jacket.

François visibly shuddered, as if repulsed.

The tailor had salt and pepper hair, chestnut skin and a forest green tweed suit and waistcoat. Whenever he was not absorbed in his work, the tailor tended to gaze upon Narcissa Malfoy with a look of pure adoration, bordering on worship.

"Non, non, non. Absolument pas," the tailor spat. "The black tie dress robe has its uses," he admitted, very reluctantly, as if he'd rather burn it's existence from the Wizarding World, "but it would be utterly wrong in this circumstance. You are not trying to win over the nouveau blood in le ministère. You are winning over the old blood."

The tailor walked over to one of the mannequins surrounding the dais, which wore a black tunic with red and gold embroidery patterned into complex Celtic knots along the collar and trim. A dark red silk belt pulled it in at the middle with a matching robe draped over the finished outfit.

"This is the traditional dress robe," François said, flicking his wand and startling Harry when the mannequin came to life and walked around the room to display the way the silken fabric flowed when in motion. "The medieval style and still a favorite to a select number. Few wizards keep to the strictly traditional style, usually it is modernized with a frock coat and waistcoat, but this is still the respected style of the old blood. Over the years, I have seen many cunning wizards with Muggle blood adopt the traditional mode de sorcier to appease the pure-blood crowd. It works better than you would think. Le Professeur here is a perfect example of the power of such a style to gain respect among the usually closed-rank pure-blood elite."

Harry's brows lifted and he glanced at Snape, whose traditional black and navy blue teaching robes always stood out among his more modern-styled and colorfully clothed colleagues. According to Draco's rant a few weeks ago, Snape was the only Professor in Hogwarts who actually donned the traditional teaching robe. The young Malfoy heir had spoke as if that alone granted Snape a great deal of respect from the pure-blood parents in the school, who considered Albus Dumbledore's methods and teaching approach to be too lax and 'over-modernized'.

Snape hummed and nodded once. "It has its uses," the Professor agreed. "It makes clear that one is taking care to educate themselves in the Wizarding history and style, rather than force Muggle culture upon them."

"Précisément," François agreed, smirking a little at the man as he snapped his wand again and the mannequin wandered back to its post, posing before it fell still once more. "The power of the right attire is nothing to be ridiculed." The man caressed the fabric. "A lot of intent and significance hides in these garments." He whipped his wand again and two bolts of fabric came fluttering toward Harry.

"You are not simply attending a ball, Monsieur Potter," the tailor said, his tone suddenly grave as he began to check, with delicate care, which fabrics best matched Harry's skin tone and the green of his eyes. "You are presenting yourself to the world for the first time. You are going to make your premiere impression upon Britain's Wizarding elite, the most powerful Messieurs et Mesdames in this Kingdom. This is the moment you reveal who you are, what you stand for." The tailor looked Harry in the eye. "So we must make it an impression that they will respect and remember."

#

Severus should have known the scheming Lady Malfoy was up to something, the very moment he received that letter threatening to dose him with veritaserum at the Malfoy Ball and thrust him at a gaggle of pure-blood Ladies, if he did not show up with Harry to be fitted for suitable dress robes.

Somehow, with all the stress and drama that surrounded his daily life at that moment, the man had failed to notice that Narcissa had phrased the letter to include his fitting too.

It was not a lapse he would be making again.

"I have perfectly adequate dress robes," Severus snarled. "This is a waste of time."

"Your dress robes are adequate for a man seeking to fade into the background and remain unnoticed," Narcissa said, brow lifted, hand curled elegantly around a champagne coupe, "perfect for your former needs, no doubt, but useless for who you need to become. Harry is not the only one who will be under scrutiny at the Ball. You have a chance to reinvent yourself, darling, and I will not see you squander it to skulk in the corner. You will wear what I tell you to, or I will make good on my threat."

She smirked into her champagne as Severus reluctantly stepped onto the wooden dais.

It was another forty excruciating minutes until they were granted leave to flee. They were escorted into the Entry Room, where a shop girl was waiting with a bill grand enough to refill Severus's entire wardrobe twice over.

"If you'd like," Narcissa began, "I could--"

"That won't be necessary," Severus said, reaching into his pocket for the coin purse he'd linked to his Vault. He'd learned the hard way to never be in debt to a Malfoy. "Thank you for the offer."

Harry leaned over and his eyes bulged when he spotted the price. The young wizard's voice lowered to a whisper. "Uh, I don't know if I have--"

"Don't worry," Severus set a hand on the boy's shoulder, "I'll take care of it."

This seemed to panic Harry more than comfort him. The boy turned deathly pale, sucking in a breath. "I c-can't ask you to do that. It's--" Harry swallowed. "I don't want to be a burden."

Severus paused, hand still clutched around his coin purse. He glanced at the shop girl and Narcissa, then straightened. "I'll need a moment with Mr Potter."

The shop girl nodded, with very little interest, while Severus drew Harry aside and cast a Muffliato.

His son was staring at the floor as if waiting for a lecture. As if Severus was about to launch into him for burdening him with this expense.

It didn't take much of an imagination, knowing what he did about the Dursleys, to figure out why the boy was so uncomfortable.

All the things Severus had given Harry before had been gifts sent by an anonymous savior. Someone only vaguely real, who had no real connection to Harry. There was a world of difference between that, and an adult taking financial responsibility for your needs.

Harry had been brought up believe that having financial responsibility for him was a burden. Something worthy of hate and disgust. Something worthy of loathing and punishment.

It was the sort of conditioning that would take time to overcome. That Harry might never fully overcome.

Some scars never quite faded.

"Harry, look at me," Severus said.

It took him a moment but, when those green eyes finally met Severus's own, they were raw with fear.

"You are not a burden," he said, squeezing Harry's shoulder. "You could never be a burden to me."

Harry swallowed hard. "But... it's a lot of money."

"It is," Severus admitted, "but I am, what I like to call, a frugal man." Minerva had some less flattering names for it. "I receive generous monetary recompense for the dubious privilege of working at Hogwarts. I may not make a habit of flash spending and garish robes, but I could certainly afford them if I utterly lost my mind and decided to suffer an afternoon shopping trip with Lucius."

Harry's face twitched with a reluctant smile and Severus returned it. "Are... are you sure?"

"I'm sure," Severus said. "I would not have brought you here otherwise."

Harry blinked in confusion. "I thought Aunt Cissa threatened you."

The Potions Master frowned. "Don't be ridiculous. I can handle Narcissa."

His son seemed to doubt it.

#

The final week of class came with a buzz of excitement. The students barely kept their attention in class as the last days of lessons approached and decorations sprung up around the castle.

Sprigs of holly and snowflakes of glass were dotted around the windowsills and fairy's came inside to sit around the ornaments like Christmas lights. Draco explained that fairy's did this because they were notoriously vain and loved being complimented and admired, so Harry would occasionally stop by to flatter the fairy's for their splendid light and beauty and the little creatures would titter and brighten with delight.

Despite the fact that most of his friends would be leaving the castle for Christmas, the closer it got to the holidays, the more he looked forward to having more time to himself.

Draco had managed to recruit not just the first years, but almost the entirety of Slytherin in the effort to keep Harry guarded against attack at all times. It was getting almost impossible to sneak anywhere.

That Wednesday, before dinner, when his friends had disappeared to another of their clandestine meetings Harry liked to pretend he hadn't noticed were happening, he tried to sneak out the entrance, only to be spotted by Flint.

"Where do you think you're going, Potter?" The Quidditch Captain asked.

"Uh," Harry hesitated, "er, library?"

Flint scowled. "Not without an escort, you aren't."

Harry stared, shoulders sinking. "But... I won't be long."

"Then you won't mind someone coming with you," Flint turned to follow him out the door.

Harry sighed. He'd have to send another apology note to Snape for missing their meeting. This was just getting irritating.

The last two times Harry had been sneaking out to meet Snape, someone had intercepted and followed him. It was getting to the point that he was seriously considering just telling them he was having a secret meeting with Snape. Harry was sure that if they knew, they'd do just about anything they could not to mess with their Head of House, but the Potions Master had been less than impressed with the plan.

'It only takes one quiet word in front of the wrong portrait and we'll be thrown back under the old fools radar. After we've finalized the alliance with the Malfoys, we can tell Draco. Until then, we must tread carefully.'

At least Draco granted him extra time to talk to Snape after he'd gone to the tailors that weekend. Harry was really looking forward to Draco's growing army of spies fleeing the castle for Christmas.

Now that Harry had been committed, against his will, to the fiction of visiting the library, he decided he might as well make use of it.

He found a quiet table in a corner of the library, where Flint started on his homework and Harry pulled out his latest letter from Remus Lupin.

He had only just got it back after sending it off, via Jiffy, to Snape for inspection. It was a real nuisance to have to get letters inspected every time, but he didn't dare risk otherwise.

He unpicked the wax seal and unfolded the letter.

#

Dear Harry,

I completely agree with your thoughts on going to Hogwarts as a Wizarding-raised vs Muggle-raised student. Some like to pretend there's no difference between going to Hogwarts after being raised a Wizard or being raised Muggle, but there's definitely a steeper learning curve. Though, I'll admit that I believed the same as them until I met your mother. She put me right on the subject. Lily was a very persuasive woman.

I'm so glad to hear you're adjusting well at Hogwarts. It sounds like you've inherited a lot of your mother's mind and sensibilities. I'm grateful for that. James was a good man, but he was daft as a brush at your age. Not a sensible bone in his body. For Minerva's sake, I'm glad you haven't turned out the same. She's had more than enough roguish Potters to supervise over the years.

#

Harry paused. Rereading those last two lines. Minerva? Who was Minerva? Harry thought the name sounded familiar, but he couldn't quite remember where.

"Flint," Harry turned to the upper year, "is there a teacher named Minerva at the school?"

Flint blinked up at him, then fell quiet as he searched his memory. "Oh," he nodded to himself, "that'll be McGonagall."

Harry's eyes widened, then he blinked at the letter.

Did Lupin assume he was a Gryffindor?

Harry supposed it wouldn't be a stretch, since he believed him to be the son of two Gryffindors. Still, Harry hoped it wouldn't be a problem for him to have Sorted otherwise.

He turned back to the letter.

#

I'm more than happy to answer to your questions on Fairbairn and how we differs from Hogwarts. I suppose I should start with my job. I'm one of the Professors for Defense Against the Dark Arts here, but I'm not the only Professor for the subject. The DADA Department have got a quite a few Professors on staff, as do most Departments here, to make the workload more manageable. I generally only work part time, with years 1-3.

I don't make a lot of money but it's rewarding work, and I like to think that not having Professors spread so thin, aids the quality of education and enables us to specialize a bit. For example, my classes tend to focus on defending against dark creatures. I've got a bit of a knack for capturing them, so the other DADA Professors tend to leave that topic to me. I've also always believed it's better to get younger years throwing jinxes at Cornish Pixies than their fellow students. Fewer visits to the infirmary. (More or less.)

Fairbairn is a very different school to Hogwarts in many ways. We're a day school, instead of a boarding school, for one. We help set our students up on the Floo Network when they start and provide Knight Bus passes if they'd rather not fire-walk. A few of the first year Muggle-raised tend to panic, at first. Staying a day school helps save our students a lot of money in tuition fees, not having to pay for room and board. It also means that us Professors can go home in the evenings, which is a nice bonus.

We don't have a long history of tradition at Fairbairn, but we pride ourselves on providing flexible and innovative education. There's a few subjects on the curriculum that don't get taught at Hogwarts, or were taken off the Hogwarts curriculum. We also have a lot of students who have one or more Muggle parent, so we're far more liberal in terms of Muggle technology. We have a phone line, for one, and electric lights, for another (I can't tell you how much of a relief that is for marking papers). We also encourage the use of fountain pens, typewriters and even computers.

We were the first school in Britain to offer an OWL elective in Technomancy and the course at Fairbairn is considered the second ranking one in Europe. I believe the first place goes to Hexetechnisch in Germany. We're really proud of that here, though I don't think you'll ever get the rest of Wizarding Britain so much as acknowledging Technomancy as a useful subject. Honestly, I didn't realize how behind the times Hogwarts was until I started working here, but I suppose the pure-bloods would rather languish in the dark ages than ever admit that this new Muggle technology might be useful for something.

I'll always love Hogwarts, but I've got to admit that Fairbairn is a wonderful place to work. Sorry about rambling on about it for two pages, but this school and the people here have been a real comfort to me the last few years. I don't know what I would have done without it. It's rare to get a chance to talk with someone from Hogwarts who doesn't look down on alternative magical institutions, and bothers to ask about them. I'm glad you've got an open mind, Harry. I'm sure your mother and father would be too. If you have any more questions, I'll be delighted to answer them.

With all my love,

Remus

#

Harry couldn't help but smile at the last few lines. He could understand Lupin's thoughts. Harry had been interested to learn what the differences would be between Hogwarts and alternative institutions, because he was certain that perhaps they had advantages Hogwarts didn't, but most of his classmates would just assume it was a lesser version of the infamous ancient school.

But hearing about the stark differences between Hogwarts and Fairbairn left Harry with more questions than answers.

If they encouraged the use of computers, did that mean that they had computers were at the school? How did they get them to work around so much magic? Was that part of Technomancy? Were there spells that made electricity work around magic?

Okay, Harry decided, Technomancy sounds amazing.

He really wanted to look into it some more because it was just plain useful. Sooner or later, the wonders of magic would be dwarfed by Virtual Reality Headsets, robots and computers that could think for themselves. At that point, the Wizarding World could be in serious trouble.

He picked up a pen and a fresh sheet of parchment to pen his reply. He let his unrestrained interest in technomancy fly for a good page and a half, asking as many questions as he could about how it worked and whether it would be mostly involving computers or include other forms of Muggle technology. Whether technomancy just covered technology with a computer chip or any forms of electricity and machinery. He outright asked the man whether there were summer programs on the technomancy OWL course and what the teachers were like. He managed to resist asking to go on a tour of Fairbairn, as he knew he'd have to run it by Snape first, but it was firmly on Harry's list of things to do.

'By the way,' Harry continued on the next paragraph, 'I hope this isn't an issue for you, but Professor McGonagall isn't my Head of House. Professor Snape is. I Sorted Slytherin. I hope that's not an issue. I know that there's a bit of a history of animosity between the Houses, but I've been trying to do my best not to get wrapped up in it. I have friends from all the Houses, including Gryffindor.

'I know Slytherin has a reputation, and I won't say it isn't earned, but I love my friends here and I like being a snake... though I'll admit I'm jealous of your electric lighting. Studying by candle-light in a dungeon is an utter nightmare.'

He finished it off with well wishes and polite queries about the man's plans for Christmas, then folded it and sealed it with red wax and a spare seal he'd borrowed off Pansy, with an ornate 'P'. He figured it would keep Dumbledore happy.

"You ready to leave?" Flint asked, peering up from his homework as Harry stood.

"Almost," Harry said, "just want to grab something for my History of Magic essay."

Flint blinked at him. "You do extra reading for your History of Magic essays?"

"I needed more evidence," Harry shrugged. "I'm arguing that the burst of the Wizarding Economic Bubble in 1378 was actually caused because the Wizard's Council refused to listen to Goblin concerns about counterfeit money's effect on the economy, not because of some sodding soap blizzard."

"Counterfeit?" Flint blinked. "But you can't counterfeit wizard money. Any doubles come out worthless."

"Not anymore you can't," Harry smirked. "Not since Master Rotgott changed the base metal designs, in 1378. That's why Galleons are now made from gold, and Sickles from silver. And Knuts aren't actually bronze anymore. They're a specially designed, Goblin-made, magic-infused copper-silver blend that reacts to the Gemino curse the same way a precious metal would."

Flint's eyes widened. "So if you try and use a doubling charm on them, the copies break down." Flint snorted and shook his head. "Bloody hell," Flint muttered, "the History of Magic curriculum is fucked."

"Yup," Harry said and turned around wandered toward the Financial section, grabbing a copy of The Rise of the Goblin-Run Wizarding Economy. He was about to head back, when he heard a familiar voice.

"--know how to research properly!" Hissed an irritated voice. The voice sounded a lot like Hermione, actually. "I checked! There was nothing!"

Harry stopped by the end of a set of shelves, listening curiously.

"You missed something," someone replied in a posh and prim but equally familiar voice. "Obviously you must have, because the Hogwarts Library has the largest collection in Europe and the answers must be here somewhere."

Harry startled, eyes widening. That sounded like Draco.

But no, it definitely couldn't be. That would be ridiculous. There was no way Hermione and Draco be willingly in the same space together. Not in a million years.

"Well, if you're so much better at scouring the library collection why don't you start pulling your weight?" Hermione replied. "Many hands make light work."

"I've got other things to concentrate on."

"Like stalking Hogwarts staff?"

In reply, Draco hissed like a feral cat.

Hermione huffed. "Fine," she snarled, "have you had any more luck than me?"

"No. Nothing so far," said another voice that sounded a lot like Theo. "I've checked the other half of the Modern Magical History section, couldn't find anything yet on a Flamel."

Flamel? Harry frowned to himself.

Hermione sighed. "Maybe we need to broaden the search out to the 1700s. Like Harry said, wizards live longer. I read that Armando Dippet lived to his 300s."

"Maybe that's it," Theo hummed. "I just can't stop feeling like I've heard the name before."

"Same!" Draco groused. "It's driving me insane."

"Well, this endless pile of research is what's driving me insane," piped in Blaise Zabini, "in case you haven't noticed, I have grades to get up. I'm half-way to failing History of Magic."

"Everyone is half-way to failing History of Magic. Nobody can stay awake long enough to finish the essays," Draco scoffed. "Unless they're Harry, apparently, or Granger."

"Well, maybe if you spent as much time studying as you do spying on Professor Flitwick and Professor Quirrell, Malfoy, you'd bring your grades up too."

"They're obviously suspicious!"

"No," Hermione snapped, "Professor Quirrell is the furthest thing from a Dark wizard you'd ever meet. He's afraid of his own shadow, for Merlin's sake. And as for your argument about Professor Flitwick, well, you're just a bigot. If you took your head out of your rear-end long enough to see past people's blood status, you'd realize he's one of the nicest teachers in Hogwarts. Besides, your argument would still be nonsense even if it made any sense to type-cast him by his Goblin heritage. Goblins hate thieves."

"She has a point."

"Shut up, Theo."

Blaise snickered with vindictive glee.

Harry heard a rustle as someone pushed back their chair. "I've got to post a letter," Blaise said. "Don't eviscerate him too badly while I'm gone, Granger. I'd hate to miss the show."

Harry startled and quickly made a dash back to his desk, out of sight, then watched as Blaise sauntered past him, out toward the library doors.

Harry stared in shock as he processed what was happening.

Draco and Hermione were working together.

Oh, Merlin, Harry grimaced, that's just a recipe for disaster.

#

Rather than trying to bribe Severus for an earlier slot, Draco had attempted to bribe him for the complete opposite. The youngest Malfoy pleaded with the Potions Master to delay his trip to Malfoy Manor to the evening on the 21st, hours after everyone else had gone home, so that he could arrive with Harry, for the meeting Lucius had arranged before the Yule Ball was due to begin.

Severus had refused to grant the young Malfoy this request. Mostly it was on principle; if he gave Draco any kind of preferential treatment, it would doubtless come back to bite him, but also because Severus definitely didn't want Draco providing unsolicited last-minute tips on how to style his hair and tie that infuriating cravat.

Severus had been on strict orders from Narcissa. She'd bought half a apothecary worth of hair products for him and written minute-to-minute instructions on what to use when, along a vague threat which sought to remind him of all the various ways she could make him miserable during the Ball without even a flick of her wand.

His own dress robes arrived earlier that week. A more modern styled attire (by Wizarding standards, at least) than Severus was accustomed to. Inspired by 18th century Muggle fashion, with a more familiar design of robe draped over the top in fine silk that Severus had to admit, moved beautifully when he walked.

Gratefully, the primary pigment of his costume was still black, though Narcissa had attempted to persuade him to 'branch out' with little success. The only deviation was the forest waistcoat, embellished with silver Dara knots, to symbolize the roots of the oak tree.

The Potions Master attempted to tie his black cravat one last time, scowling at it in the mirror as he began to regret all those times Lucius had offered him lessons on Wizarding fashion and Severus had shot him down.

He took another look at the open page of the instructional book that Narcissa had sent him for different cravat styles.

Damnable useless piece of cloth.

At least he didn't have his mirror piping in suggestions and criticisms. He'd deactivated the animation charms years ago, after it had made an unwelcome comment on the state of his hair.

He'd spent all day shuffling children back and forth through dizzying Floo tunnels. He always prepared himself a batch of Anti-Nausea potion in preparation of the event.

Every year he ended the 24 hour escort service vowing to himself that he'd never put himself through this nonsense again. Then, every year, he would wind up suffering this indignity yet again.

Almost every student in Slytherin had taken up the offer. Most of them weren't even aware of Yule, they just weren't going to pass up the opportunity for an early trip home for Christmas.

This, however, might just be the year that Severus finally told the pure-bloods some choice words and left the mess of Yule school return to them.

One more trip in the Floo right now felt like torture.

Severus had finally wrangled his cravat into a tolerable position and decided upon the means of destruction he would wreak upon it when the night was over, when there was a small tap upon the door.

When he opened it, Harry was shuffling nervously on his feet beside Theodore Nott. Harry's tunic, breeches and robes were a deep black, with a green silk sash around his waist which had been embroidered with the same Dara knots that embellished Severus's waistcoat. On top of the sash was the traditional leather belt, tailored to match his knee-high boots.

Harry looked every bit the young, pure-blood heir; hair groomed and fixed, no doubt with similar minute-to-minute instructions from Draco that Severus had suffered from Narcissa.

Severus was, however, secretly grateful that his son looked just as uncomfortable as he was.

Harry looked up long enough from his sulk to notice Severus was dressed in slightly more color and splendor than usual. "You look nice, sir."

"So do you."

"I look like a Sith Lord," Harry grumbled as he slunk into the room.

"A what?" Severus frowned.

"Nothing," Harry huffed. "Muggle thing."

Severus turned to Nott, who was staring at the Head of House's own attire in mild astonishment. Severus decided to take control of the conversation before they were forced to exchange pleasantries. "Will you be joining us for the evening, Mr Nott?" Severus asked, despite the answer being fairly obvious, since the boy had arrived in his school robes.

"No, sir." Nott shook his head as Severus closed the office door behind them. "I have the common room to myself tonight, so I thought I'd take advantage of it."

Severus nodded slowly. "Very well," he said, quickly putting up an imperturbable charm to keep away curious ears. "If you're planning to perform any holiday rituals, I would recommend they take place out of sight and earshot of the portraits. Word travels fast. I also recommend you avoid practicing any unfamiliar spells, as I will not be around to come to your aid if things go awry. If you need a space for practice, come to see me over the holiday and I will be happy to provide assistance."

Nott wasn't an overly expressive boy. But from the gleam in his eye, Severus could tell he appreciated the offer.

The young wizard reminded Severus too much of himself, at that age. Quietly curious. Talented, but secretive. Severus knew that it would be a matter of time before the Nott heir was tempted to try some of the Dark Arts spells that clogged up his grandfather's library.

Severus hoped that if he provided Nott a place to grow and learn, then the Potions Master might be able to dissuade him from falling in over his head. Theodore Nott had too much potential to be lost to the depths of the Dark.

"Thank you, Professor," the young Slytherin nodded, then looked at Harry. "Good luck, tonight."

"Thanks," Harry smiled nervously. "Have fun."

Nott slipped quietly back out the door and Severus turned to Harry. "Are you ready?"

Harry sighed, shoulder's hunched and itching uncomfortably in his dress robes. "As I'll ever be, I suppose."

Severus raised a brow and stepped forward, lifting the boy's chin. "Chin up. Stand up straight." Severus waited for the young wizard to straighten himself up, a blush creeping across the boy's cheek. "Better. You and I may not enjoy dressing up in finery and prancing about like peacocks, but we do not have the luxury of acting otherwise. We cannot allow ourselves to look as if we do not belong. Many at this Ball will be eager to tell us just that. Understand me?"

Harry's spine seemed to grow an inch at that. A determination lit in his eyes.

Severus nodded in approval. "You're nervous about finalizing the alliance, I take it?"

Harry winced. "Yes," he admitted, in a quiet voice. "What if it's not enough? I didn't manage to get a guarantee from Malfoy that he'd not return to the Dark Lord in some capacity. What if--"

"You kept it simple," Severus reminded him, "you followed your instincts and spotted as many problems and loopholes as you could. I do not believe Lucius Malfoy is in this simply to betray you again to the Dark Lord. It is better not to try and close off his options too quickly. An animal who feels cornered will turn on you. And any guarantee you extracted from him to turn away from the Dark Lord would come at a steep price. One it may not be worthwhile to pay." Severus leaned down and rested a hand on Harry's shoulder.

"No deal is foolproof, Harry, and it is better to remain cautious and know Lucius could still pose a threat, than force his hand too soon. You did a fine job preventing him from taking control of the negotiations, and I am certain that Lucius was surprised and impressed with the challenge you presented him in the process. You have bartered your first alliance, and this is your chance to celebrate your hard work." Severus smiled and squeezed Harry's shoulder. "I'm proud of you."

Harry's eyes sparkled with relief and joy.

A small smile pulling at his lips.

Severus could tell that the young wizard knew it was the truth. The boy in front of him had achieved more in his first few months in Hogwarts than either Lucius or Dumbledore had in theirs.

More than even the Dark Lord had.

He had held his own in negotiations against a wizard with several times his experience and expertise. It was an achievement that few could equal.

Severus watched as Harry squashed down the last of his nerves and straightened.

As they turned toward the Floo, Harry seemed to grow yet another inch.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Thank you for reading, and thanks for all your lovely comments and kudos. It really does mean so much to me, and I hope you enjoyed this chapter. (Sorry about my terrible Franglish, by the way, if there are any glaring errors, please let me know).

    I've been having trouble writing lately, so I'm afraid I'll be taking a six week break between this chapter and the next, to make sure I have the time to get the next part right. I'm sorry that this means you'll have a longer wait, but hopefully it will be worth it. Things will begin really deviating from the canon from here on.

    See you all on Friday 23rd April 2021. Have a wonderful Easter!

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 27
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

When they emerged out of the Floo and in the Entry Room of Malfoy Manor, Harry's breath caught. Harry had heard Draco talk endlessly about Malfoy Manor's majesty and beauty, but he'd not been quite prepared for the reality of it.

It was stunning.

The room was filled with cream and black marble. Tall ceilings, grand pillars and sparkling chandeliers. It was like walking into a palace, not a home.

Yet, somehow it still managed to fit just the right amount of grandeur without falling into the category of gaudy. The place was lit with dim candlelight, sparkling off the crystal and marble. The statues and portraits placed with care and calculation, to best suit the style and shape of the space.

"Harry!" Called an eager, familiar voice.

Harry turned to see Draco standing at the top of a set of stairs, wearing a silver and grey frock-coat and charcoal robe. The youngest Malfoy grinned and bolted into a run when a voice behind him murmured with quiet authority and admonishment. "Draco, compose yourself."

Draco's pale face reddened and he straightened into what Harry had secretly dubbed Draco's 'wealthy pure-blood heir pose'. Shoulder's back. Nose in the air. Gait as regal and refined as if he were holding court with the Queen.

Behind Draco, Lady Narcissa Malfoy emerged, wearing a dress dripping in diamonds and white lace. A man was at her arm, with long, white-blonde hair and an almost identical dress-robe to Draco, only with more silver jewelry sparkling at his sleeve and a more natural, collected poise. His free hand was clutched around a snake's head cane with emerald eyes, even though he walked as effortlessly as Lady Malfoy did.

Lord Lucius Malfoy.

It was easy to see, now that the Lord Malfoy was descending the staircase ahead of Harry, where Draco had inherited his aristocratic features, and upon whom he'd modeled his behavior, style of dress and even facial expressions. Right down to the way Draco walked and stood.

Draco clearly worshipped his father.

Harry sincerely hoped the Lord lived up to the honor of such adoration.

Lucius Malfoy approached them with ease and elegance. The shadow of a smile at his lips. His focus were sharp on Harry, watching with a wolfish interest. The Lord's gaze lingered longest on Harry's eyes.

His mother's eyes.

Harry wondered what Lord Malfoy thought of them. The permanent reminder of Harry's muggle-born mother. A reminder of his ancestry. A reminder that Harry refused to be ashamed of.

Malfoy would no doubt believe otherwise.

Harry and Snape waited until the Malfoy's were closer to dip into a bow. It was a necessary part of the formalities, but it still felt a little stuffy and odd, especially with Draco standing ahead of him.

"Mr Potter," Lucius Malfoy stopped ahead of them and returned the bow with a slightly shallower dip of his head, "I have been most looking forward to this meeting."

"As have I, Lord Malfoy," Harry said, meeting the man's eye. "The first of many."

Lucius Malfoy smirked at that. "Most certainly," he said, in an almost gloating tone. "I can assure you of that." Lucius Malfoy turned to Snape and his eyes gleamed with interest as he took in the man's new dress robes. "Severus, so glad you could organize this tête-à-tête for us. I must say, I almost didn't believe Narcissa when she claimed you had modernized your dress robes. François has done a stunning job. I'm pleased you took Narcissa's advice on the matter."

Snape hummed noncommittally.

Narcissa Malfoy smirked and stepped forward, lifting a hand for the Professor to place a kiss. "You look every bit as stunning as I knew you would. The cravat might need to be retied, but--" The warning look in Snape's eye managed to convince her to drop the subject for the time being and she moved to Harry. "And you, young man," she cupped the wizard's chin and kissed his cheek, "so dashing. Such a refined young gentleman."

Harry smiled as nicely as he could. He still thought he looked like he'd joined the Sith, but he didn't think Narcissa Malfoy would appreciate the reference. "I'm glad you think so, Lady Malfoy. Your dress is spectacular."

It really was. The lace trailed from her sleeves, studded with diamonds and white flowers. In her hair were more diamonds and flowers. The Malfoys, Harry was starting to suspect, were obscenely rich.

She tutted disapprovingly. "Aunt Cissa, Harry," she said with a half-hearted chastising tone. She turned and waved her son over, who was practically vibrating with excitement. "Come, Draco. Why don't you show Harry the way to the Ceremonial room?"

#

The likeness between Lucius Malfoy and Draco was so similar that it was easy to miss the differences, at first.

Draco had faint but lingering glimmers of his mother in his features. In the shape of his mouth and his nose. In the puckish twitch at the corners of his lips and the animation in his brow. And there was something about the willowy shape of Draco that felt more like his mother, than his father.

However, the difference that stood out most to Harry, as he stood across from Lucius Malfoy in the grand ceremonial room of Malfoy Manor, was their eyes.

As Lucius Malfoy walked to the other side of the circle, while the candles flickered around them, and faced Harry, the young wizard couldn't help but analyze the rare, silver of the man's eyes. But when Harry looked closer, he realized that the feeling was entirely different from Draco's.

Lucius Malfoy's eyes were barren. Like a glacier. They held no warmth or fire. No spark. Just calm, watchful silence.

Nothing like Draco's.

The ice grey in Draco's eyes were completely unlike his father's. Stormy and shadowed. Draco's eyes flickered with dark clouds when he was angry, like a raging hurricane gathering speed.

Still, standing across from Lucius Malfoy like this, it was easy to see the man that Draco was bound to become. Proud and tall. Lord of his House. Harry could understand why Draco was so desperate to live up to his father's legacy and find his approval.

The Ceremonial Room was simpler than Harry imagined it to be. A room with that kind of name, Harry had imagined to be decked out with finery. But there was little adorning the room. Grey stone with a several circles of varying sizes etched into the floor. The one exceptional part of the room was the ceiling.

This was the highest place in Malfoy Manor, according to Draco, and the roof and the upper parts of the walls had been stripped away to better reveal the night sky, the stars and the extensive Manor grounds.

The most spectacular part of the Ceremonial room, was the view of the full moon.

It hung low in the sky, slowly rising as the night drew on. Watching them while the candles flickered around them in the circle, fluttering faintly in the breeze.

There was a tense silence as the Harry and Lucius Malfoy took their places. As Lucius Malfoy set his wand on the floor.

Harry followed the Lord's lead, snapping his wand from his holster and setting it on the stone tile between them. He waited, quiet and watchful, for the Lord Malfoy to utter the first words.

Lucius closed his eyes and took a deep breath, as if drawing upon his magic. When he opened them again, the silver in them gleamed like a moonlit frost.

"Magic, we call upon you as witness," the man's resonant voice rumbled. "We bid you to hold us to our word and bond. We bid you to bring disgrace upon the one who forsakes this alliance. I, Lucius Abraxas Malfoy, Lord of the House of Malfoy and patriarch of my line, upon the honor of my House, do declare this alliance with Harry James Potter, his direct family, and his successors."

Harry's breath caught for a moment as his own turn came. A thrill of panic and relief flooding through him all at once. "I, Harry James Potter," he began, willing himself not to stumble or croak, "upon my honor, and that of my direct family and successors, do declare this alliance with the House of Malfoy."

Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted Draco, standing between his mother and Snape, almost seem to stop breathing. Snape's presence remained steady and calm, watching with no trace of concern. "I pledge, upon the honor of the House of Malfoy," Lucius Malfoy continued, "to grant my expertise and knowledge as a Lord of the Wizengamot, to mentor Harry James Potter and prepare him for his seat."

Harry swallowed down the dry rasp in his throat, as he spoke the words of the first commitment of the alliance. "I pledge, in return, upon my honor and that of my family and successors, to oppose the Ministry and Light-aligned Houses in attempts to seize the rightful properties of the Dark-aligned Houses, and to offer my aid and support in preventing the raid of these Houses, when doing so does not directly risk the lives of others or hinder an investigation into the murder, grievous injury or kidnapping of another."

He'd barely managed to add the last amendment to their agreement, but the Lord Malfoy had eventually agreed that there needed to be limits, in the case that one of the Dark-aligned Houses hid crucial information that could save someone's life or see a murderer to justice. Harry didn't want to in a position of letting someone get away with murder because he couldn't vote to search their property.

Lucius Malfoy nodded almost imperceptibly to Harry before he continued. "I pledge, upon the honor of the House of Malfoy, not to willfully bring grievous injury or death upon Harry James Potter, his family, or successors, whether by my own hand or another."

"I pledge, in return, upon my honor and that of my family and successors, not to willfully bring grievous injury or death upon any member of the House of Malfoy, whether by my own hand or another."

"I pledge, upon the honor of the House of Malfoy, to offer spiritual guidance, protection and counsel. To offer sanctuary in peril and to keep the secrets of Harry James Potter, his direct family, and his successors, when bid, for so long as they abide by this alliance and honor its dictates."

"I pledge, in return, upon my honor and that of my family and successors, to offer spiritual guidance, protection and counsel. To offer sanctuary in peril and to keep the secrets of the House of Malfoy, when bid, for so long as they abide by this alliance and honor its dictates."

Harry's final words brought with them a wash of relief. Spreading through his bones like magic. A smile twitched at his mouth as he spotted, out the corner of his eye, Draco beaming proudly.

The Lord straightened and said the closing words. "Magic, we thank you for bearing as witness. We bid you to hold us to our word and bond. We bid you to bring disgrace upon the one who forsakes this alliance."

Lucius Malfoy picked up his wand and with a single snap of it, extinguished the circle of candles. The smoke rose from their wicks and Harry exhaled as the tension drained from Harry's body as he picked up his wand.

Lord Malfoy smirked with satisfaction and lifted his hand. "Congratulations, Mr Potter," the wizard said, "for your first foray into the serpentine realm of alliances, you conducted yourself with all the poise and acumen of a raised pure-blood."

To Lucius Malfoy, this was probably to be considered the highest form of compliment. Harry shook the man's hand and pasted on a smile, despite the backhanded nature of the comment, trying to remind himself that Rome wasn't built in a day.

"Thank you, Lord Malfoy," Harry replied, as politely as he could manage. "It was certainly illuminating."

Malfoy hummed. "Well, I suspect that Severus and my son will want to speak to you before we continue on to other matters," the Lord said. "I'll give you a moment. We have a journey to take before the main event begins."

Harry nodded and repeated his thanks, bowing his head slightly before the Lord wandered over to his wife and kissed her cheek. Narcissa Malfoy nodded and sent an approving smile toward her husband while Draco ran over and nearly tackled Harry.

"Finally!" Draco howled, practically vibrating with glee, his eyes sparkled brightly, gripping hold of Harry's shoulders. "We're allies! Can you believe it? I have so many plans. I can't wait until we finally get to shove this is stupid Bumblebore's beardy old face."

"Draco," Narcissa called from the other side of the room, "compose yourself."

The blonde pouted slightly and sighed before straightening and letting go of Harry, but his smile never disappeared. Harry laughed at his friend's infectious grin. "This is so exciting," Draco continued. "You have no idea how big a deal this is. You have to be in the confidence of the House of Malfoy, whether by an alliance or a vow, to be able to--"

"Draco," Snape stepped up alongside Harry and raised a brow at the youngest Malfoy, "I'm certain your father will want to do the honors himself."

There was a grumble and a harrumph but Draco reluctantly backed down and nodded. Snape turned to Harry with a small smile and squeezed his shoulder. "Well done," he said quietly, "you should be very proud of yourself."

Harry's chest bubbled with a warmth and his cheeks ached from the strength of his smile.

"You really should," Draco added, still buzzing on a hive of pure delirium, "I don't know many our age who could have done what you did, even with all the resources and expertise of their Houses at their disposal."

It wasn't far off what his father had said, but Draco had apparently learned enough tact not to use the use the phrase 'raised pure-blood', and Harry was absolutely certain Draco hadn't learned that tact before starting Hogwarts.

Harry felt a rising hope that Malfoy heir wouldn't turn out exactly like his father.

He wondered if any of it Hermione Granger's influence. He couldn't imagine the Gryffindor sitting across a library table, quietly putting up with an indirect comment about blood status, or alluding to pure-blood superiority.

Harry honestly wondered how the two of them hadn't killed each other yet, or at least ended up in the hospital ward. He got the impression that Hermione Granger wasn't afraid to break someone's nose the Muggle way, if pushed to it.

He smiled at his friend. "Thank you," he said, honestly, smiling gratefully at his friend. "I couldn't have done it without you."

Draco's manic energy dipped and his cheeks reddened. The Malfoy heir cleared his throat and shrugged. "I just lent you a few books and answered your questions."

"It still meant a lot," Harry said. Draco's smile twitched with satisfaction.

As annoying as his friend's overprotectiveness could be, with all his sneaking around and ridiculous plotting, Harry knew that Draco was only like that because he genuinely cared about him. Harry nudged Draco with a smile and the blonde elbowed him in response.

"Gentlemen," Lucius Malfoy called from the top of the stone stairs, leading the way. "Time to take a stroll."

Draco sucked in a shaky breath, his hands fisted together as he tried to contain his delight.

Harry blinked confusedly at the choice of words. Malfoy had mentioned something about taking a journey, but Harry had assumed they'd be Apparating or taking the Floo.

As they descended the stairs, Draco ahead of him and Snape behind, Harry felt a the anticipation rise in his chest.

It was finally happening.

All those hints from Snape and Draco. All those theoretical discussions about Circle's and Secret Keepers. Finally, Harry would get to see an Old Holiday celebration in practice.

There was something about the forbidden nature of it. The way that they'd guarded the secret so carefully. Harry couldn't help but think that they wouldn't go to all that trouble if it wasn't something spectacular to behold.

As they reached the bottom of the stairs to the Ceremonial Room in the tower, Lucius Malfoy waved Harry over to his side, watchful and intrigued. He seemed to glide when he walked, like Narcissa did.

"From what I've been told," Lord Malfoy began, "you might have some suspicions about the nature of the evening ahead." He shot Draco a displeased look and the Malfoy heir's cheeks pinked. "Try to put an preconceptions out of your head, for the time being. Keep an open mind."

They walked down the hallway as the portraits of the long-dead Lords of the House of Malfoy watched curiously, eyes of silver and blue gleaming inquisitively within their frames.

Harry nodded, a vein of unbridled curiosity thrumming under his skin. "I will, sir."

Lucius Malfoy glanced at Harry curiously, and seemed to sense the excitement gleaming in his eye. There was almost a smile on the man's face as he nodded. "I suspect so," the Lord glanced at Snape as the man followed behind them. "Severus was the same, his first time."

"He was?" Harry asked, his voice betraying his eagerness to hear stories about the man.

Lucius smirked. "Very much," he looking over his shoulder at his friend with the look of someone who was considering revealing an embarrassing story, but preferred holding it over the other's head.

Snape scowled at the Lord Malfoy with a glare promising vengeance and retribution if a single unflattering word was uttered.

Lord Malfoy cleared his throat with a knowing gleam in his eye and faced ahead once more. "Follow me, please. Stay close or you'll find yourself quickly lost."

Harry stared in confusion, but did as he was told.

They were escorted down the grand staircase and toward the back door.

The gardens never seemed to end.

The pathway trailed alongside grand mazes and baroque designs with obsessively groomed trees, carefully trimmed grass, swirling in patterns between neatly laid pebble-stone paths. The path kept going and going.

The sun had long since set by then and the sky settled from blue to into black. Lucius Malfoy and lit his wand to guide the way while the rest of them trailed in the darkness.

As they grew further away from the Manor, the grass became less manicured. The trees more untamed. The flowers and fauna turned from orderly beds to wildflowers and weeds.

As the pebble-stone path ended, Lord Malfoy cast a charm at his, Draco and Harry's shoes and clothes, while Lady Malfoy cast her own charm that seemed to make her hover above the ground like an angel. Snape seemed unconcerned with the state of his robes before he received a vicious glare from Lady Malfoy, then he reluctantly cast the charms.

The walk beyond the main grounds seemed to take even longer, at least a mile, but what Harry found there was far more interesting.

The path was overgrown and barely beaten back, but there was a path there. Something buried beneath the weeds, wild grass and the nettles. A path barely-trodden and forgotten by time.

Lucius Malfoy spent the whole journey flicking his wand to cut clear the path, while Harry walked at the back, beside Draco.

It was a few minutes until he saw the first.

A cottage.

It had to be hundreds of years old. Stone and rotten wood. A sunken roof and decaying walls. It was crumbling and overgrown. A forgotten home.

A minute or two later, he saw another.

The next cottage was smaller than the first, with the gleaming eyes of a fox watching them pass from inside the empty window. Scratching and clicking echoed from the woodland slowly inching around them.

Then came a whole hamlet.

Six or seven buildings, huddled around in a small circle. The eerie caw of the crows echoed through the deserted place. As if the unseen spirits of those who'd once lived there were watching them pass.

In one of the houses, a tree had sprouted through the now fallen roof, bursting above the stone walls and spreading out through the empty door and windows. It looked like it had been growing there for centuries.

"Halligrove," Draco murmured, beside him.

Harry looked over at his friend. "Halligrove?" He whispered back, as if trying not to disturb the ghosts. "A village?"

Draco nodded. "Father says hundreds of people lived here once. The population rose and fell over the centuries, then... well..."  Draco waved a hand around the empty village. "We still own the land, though."

"What happened?" Harry asked.

Draco shrugged. "Not sure," he said. "We got an influx of residents during the Burning Times, apparently, but then the Ministry imposed restrictions and they slowly petered out."

Harry frowned. "What restrictions?"

Draco shrugged again.

"Don't shrug, darling," Lady Malfoy said, ahead of them. "It's uncouth."

Draco rolled his eyes and reluctantly straightened.

The cottages fell away after a while, as the tree growth became thicker. Curling tighter and tighter around them.

After a while, walking deeper into the dense forest, Lucius Malfoy paused, his gaze on something far-off in the distance.

When Harry looked, he saw nothing but darkness.

Malfoy turned to his son. "Draco, hold onto Mr Potter."

"Yes, father," Draco said, straightening with determination and suddenly seizing tightly Harry by the arm.

The Malfoy patriarch turned and held his arm out to Narcissa, who easily took it, then to Snape, who glared at him, reluctant.

"You're welcome to try and find your own way, Severus," Lucius smirked. "Maybe circling the woods for a few hours will do you some good. You so rarely get enough fresh air, cooped up in that dungeon of yours."

Snape huffed and hooked his arm in Malfoy's.

As they walked, despite his efforts to keep his eyes ahead, on Lucius Malfoy, Harry felt his eyes wandering, drawn away to the trees beyond.

He felt a tug at his arm as Draco drew back on course.

Harry hadn't noticed himself pulling away.

He tried to shake his head to get rid of the feeling, but as he walked on, the feeling grew.

An unquenchable urge to turn around and wander away. To be somewhere else. Anywhere else.

When Harry's gaze fell briefly on the adults ahead of him, he noticed the Lord Malfoy having to grip tightly to both Snape and Narcissa's arms, as they both struggled with the same impulse.

They walked through a pair of trees that spread into an archway and something shivered through Harry, like a cold breeze. A chill and then a warmth. Swaying over him like a warm bath.

They stepped into a circled grove, that seemed to fog with something... odd.

Deep within Harry, some part of him breathed a welcome sigh at setting foot in this place, and yet his mind still held back.

Harry felt himself try to gaze around, to view the place, but it misted strangely and his eyes slid over the trees and the canopy, concealing the place from him, even as his feet stopped itching with the urge to walk away.

It was like being pulled in two directions.

His soul swaying with the urge to open his arms and welcome this place.

While his mind chained him, bound him by some invisible force.

"Mr Potter," Lucius Malfoy began, letting go of Snape and Narcissa's arms as the two of them gazed around in relief and awe, as if seeing something Harry couldn't, "if you will follow me."

Harry nodded and Draco release his arm, grinning at his dark-haired friend. "Good luck," Draco whispered.

Harry smiled and nodded.

Lucius Malfoy walked into the center of the grove, leading Harry behind him. Snape, Draco and Narcissa stood apart, watching them cautiously as Lucius Malfoy stood Harry six foot apart from him and drew his wand.

Malfoy watched Harry cautiously, straight backed and proud. "What happens from here, I'm afraid, is not up to I," he said with a warning tone. "It is up to Lady Magic whether you will be admitted into the circle. I must warn you of that, before we begin." Lucius looked deep into Harry's eyes. "This is her place, and she has been known to reject some people entrance to see it. She's been known to even expel those who misuse the privilege from being granted entrance."

Harry blinked and his mouth bobbed. "Really?"

Lord Malfoy nodded once. "It is exceedingly rare, but it occurs," he said. "That is why it is considered an honor to be accepted by her and to remain."

Harry swallowed and pursed his lips, nodding once.

Lord Malfoy waited a beat before he continued. "You may change your mind at any time," he said quietly. "Not all who start this ritual decide to finish."

Harry hesitated at that.

What was there to the ritual that left some backing away?

His gaze fell back to Snape. The man stood by, face swept of emotion as he stood alongside Draco and Narcissa.

Harry turned back to Lucius Malfoy. "Understood, sir."

"Very well." Malfoy lifted his wand to his chest. "Draw your wand and hold it over your heart."

Harry's wand flicked from the holster, into his hand. He gripped it tight and lifted it to his heart. Exhaling a shuddering breath as he felt the air shift between them. A hushed air of solemnity fall across the group that by far dwarfed the ceremonial finalization of the alliance.

Lucius Malfoy looked different like this.

He didn't hold himself with the same smug air of pride he had before. There was no self-satisfied glimmer in his eye.

Lord Malfoy almost appeared humbled. As if the honor of standing here, in this place, holding the secret of this circle and granting it onto others... was a distinction and responsibility he would never take for granted.

Harry swallowed. A shiver ran down his spine.

He tightened the grip on his wand and straightened, clearing his mind of anything but this moment. This ceremony. This ritual.

Lord Malfoy gazed at Harry, as if searching for something. His liquid metal eyes glinting with sobriety and resolve. Whatever he saw in the young wizard's eyes, he seemed satisfied.

His head dipped with approval, then the patriarch closed his eyes and took a deep breath. His head tilted toward the stars, as if bathing in the moonlight.

"We call upon you, Lady Magic," the Lord said, his tone grave and resounding, echoing through the space. A prickle flickered up and down Harry's skin as the words sighed into the air. "We call upon you and beg for your judgement, your wisdom, to admit your son to this circle. We call upon you to deem him worthy. Grant him entry, grant him vision, as he pledges himself to you: your devoted child."

There was a sigh of breath as Lucius stopped, opened his eyes and looked down upon Harry. "Repeat after me," Lord Malfoy said.

Harry licked his lips and nodded once in reply.

"Unto you, Lady Magic, I grant my eyes," the Lord began, his gaze boring daringly at Harry, as if waiting for the boy to back down, "to see you and your vision. Take them. They are yours to command."

Harry exhaled. A tingle of anticipation ran down his spine.

He'd not quite realized until now what this entailed.

This wasn't just admittance to a secret circle.

This wasn't a group of bored nobles meeting for illicit rituals to snub the Ministry.

This was a religion.

This could even be a cult.

Pledging himself like this could leave him tied to it for life.

And yet...

That same swaying, welcoming feeling itched beneath the surface of his mind. A warmth that was somehow chained and hindered.

Something about this place was almost... familiar.

A feeling he had nearly forgotten. Something buried deep.

Something that made him think of being swathed in blankets. Of long, crimson hair, forest green eyes and the scent of jasmine.

His logical mind rebelled, panicking.

Screaming of all the ways this could leave him vulnerable.

But somehow, deep down, he knew he didn't have to fear this place. That he didn't need to fear this ritual.

That he stood to gain more by taking this leap of faith, than from turning away.

He could almost feel the brush of warm lips across his forehead. Arms hugging him tight. He could almost hear a voice whispering to him that everything would be okay.

Harry swallowed down the last of his doubts and straightened.

"Unto you, Lady Magic," Harry began, staring back at Lord Malfoy as the breeze stirred through the grove, "I grant my eyes, to see you and your vision. Take them. They are yours to command."

A whisper seemed to float along the breeze, too quiet to make out, a single sigh that rose and faded away.

Malfoy's shoulders dipped slightly with relief, but the grave look upon his face never left. A little way off, Harry heard Draco exhale a breath.

"Unto you, Lady Magic, I grant my ears," Lord Malfoy continued, "to hear your voice and your message. Take them. They are yours to command."

"Unto you, Lady Magic, I grant my ears," Harry repeated, "to hear your voice and your message. Take them. They are yours to command."

There was another whisper. Rising and falling. Sweeping around him like a butterfly. Riding on the wind like a bird. It fell away and silence reigned once more.

"Unto you, Lady magic, I grant my tongue. To keep your secrets and protect your children. Take it. It is yours to command."

Harry swallowed. "Unto you, Lady magic, I grant my tongue. To keep your secrets and protect your children. Take it. It is yours to command."

Whispers.

Everywhere.

Dozens of them. All speaking at once. A tide of hushed voices. Sweeping through the grove. Tingling at his skin. He felt them sway through him, as if testing him.

It fizzed at his skin. At his tongue. At his eyes and ears. Prickling, like a test.

He took a deep breath and looked back at Lord Malfoy, who watched him curiously.

Lucius took a moment to continue his eyes seeming to bore into Harry. Questioning. As if he saw something that gave him pause. There was almost a glimmer of fear in his eyes as he watched the young wizard. But the Lord only allowed it to linger for a second, before he swallowed it down and continued.

"Unto you, Lady magic, I grant myself," Lord Malfoy continued, his tone more subdued, more of a whisper. "To guide and to counsel. To move to your design." Lord Malfoy watched Harry like a hawk. "I am your son, your child. Judge me, I lay myself to your feet."

Harry felt a shiver across his fingertips as he exhaled.

Anticipation of something.

He couldn't tell what. But the air had shifted around him. Like before a storm. A crackle of potential. Of rising magic.

"Unto you, Lady magic, I grant myself," Harry whispered, and the magic swirled around him, building and building. "To guide and to counsel. To move to your design." The magic itched across his skin. Almost stinging. Expectant. Excited. As if it had been waiting for this moment for a long, long time. Waiting for him to utter this pledge. "I am your son, your child." He swallowed, his voice trembling. "Judge me. I lay myself at your feet."

The moment he sighed the last word, the world fell into black.

Silence.

Darkness.

He could see nothing. Not Malfoy or the grove. He could not hear the rustle of the wind or the whisper of his breath.

His heart thudded in his chest. A rising tempo.

His hand clenched around his wand. Tight.

He willed himself not to panic.

The silence seemed to last an eternity. And then...

A whisper.

Too quiet to make out.

Little more than a breath.

Then another.

They crept around him, like curious children. Testing him. Weighing him. Judging him.

The voices rose, soft and swaying. Warm and welcoming.

They danced around him like fairies. Singing and chanting.

Chattering.

Whispering words of comfort and joy.

He felt the hesitant, chained blockage in his mind unfasten, unseal, and the wash of warmth and serenity swept through him.

The darkness swept away and Harry gasped.

The fog was gone.

The wood on the trees around them morphed into intricately carved stone pillars.

The grove shifted into a cavernous temple.

The grass beneath his feet shimmered into a beautiful pale stone.

There were no large walls to cordon off the nature that crept in from beyond. The ivy that crawled along stone and the leaves that swept inside with the wind. Just great pillars and open arches, twisted into stone trees, leading up into an enchanted ceiling, where the night's sky above glistened.

The space itched with magic. Whirling among them, as if eagerly waiting for what was to come, and the moon shone, full and bright. Watching.

Across from him, Lucius Malfoy smiled. "Welcome, Mr Potter."

* * *
Notes:

    Hello, everyone!

    Hope you had a lovely Easter/Spring break. I want to thank you all for the lovely comments and kudos. It's been so overwhelming. The messages have been wonderful to receive and if I assure you I'm going through and replying to as many as I can, but it may take me a couple of days.

    You'll be happy to hear that the next update will only be three weeks, instead of a whopping six.

    See you all on the Friday 14th May!

    Stay safe!

    ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 28
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

"Congratulations, Harry, darling," Narcissa said, patting him gently on the cheek and smiling ethereally in her diamond gown. "How do you feel?"

Harry smiled nervously. "Really good, actually. It was nerve-wracking, but," he chewed his lip and grinned, "amazing."

Only after Lord Malfoy nodded his head had the three spectators approached to congratulate Harry. Snape with a small smile twitching at the corners of his mouth and Draco with a beaming grin.

"I felt the same," Narcissa said, fussing gently with his hair, "trusting Lady Magic like that, giving yourself over for her judgement... it's an astoundingly powerful and utterly terrifying feeling."

"What was it like?" Draco burst suddenly, eyes glittering with curiosity. "Mum says she felt a presence."

"You've not done the ritual?" Harry asked.

Draco shook his head. "The Malfoy blood is linked to the protection spell. We're the shadow guardians. As heir, I've been able to see this place since I was a baby."

Harry lifted a brow. "Shadow guardians? Is that like a Secret Keeper?"

"Somewhat," Lord Malfoy explained, "but not quite. It is a far greater responsibility. More of a protector and custodian. We alone can call or guide people to this place. The spell that guards this temple is the same classification as a Fidelius, similar in nature, but instead of being linked to a single individual, the spell is linked to our bloodline."

"Wow," Harry breathed, gazing around the stunning temple, his eyes prickling at it's beauty. "What would happen, then, if your line died out?"

Malfoy hummed and nodded gravely. "In that unfortunate instance, one that I pray never comes, Lady Magic would choose a shadow guardian from our closest worthy relative. Though, they would likely be very distant relation. The Malfoy's have produced only a single male heir for the last six generations."

Harry nodded. "How long has the spell been in place?"

"A very, very long time, Mr Potter," Lord Malfoy said, gazing around the place in reverence. "Our ancestor, Aquila Malfoy, set the Shadow Guardian ward in the 15th century. The witch trials were gathering steam then, you see, and Aquila wanted to keep the place from being stormed by angry mobs of Muggles. This quickly became a tradition and stayed in place after the Statute of Secrecy was enacted. It became all the more necessary as the Ministry began persecuting those following the Old Ways.

"It's likely only because of Aquila's foresight that this place has not been torn down by Ministry thugs. They have long since thought it destroyed." Malfoy sighed. "They still suspect us of being practitioners, of course. They know some of us still adhere to the Old Holidays, but their past attempted to search our grounds for evidence have fallen short." He smirked at Harry. "The Malfoy's have always had a talent for evading the overbearing arm of the law."

Harry didn't know if that was something to be proud of. But he supposed that the Malfoy's wouldn't need to do so if the Wizarding Government wasn't so corrupt.

If they hadn't banned an entire religious practice to begin with, the Malfoys would not have needed to spend so much energy hiding their practices.

Though, as Harry stood there in the stone grove, with a canopy of stars and the full moon shining up above them, he started to realize how little he knew about what the Malfoys and the other pure-blood traditionalists actually worshipped.

"I have a question, sir," Harry began. "You talked about Lady Magic... is that a Goddess, or...?"

"Yes and no." Malfoy smiled, as his eyes sparkled with genuine joy at Harry's interest, as if nothing made him happier than the opportunity to share this knowledge with someone who'd really listen. "The modern practices of the Old Ways are actually an amalgamation of many different pantheons and pagan religious practices from all over the world. The Greek and Roman, the Norse, the Celtic and even Egyptian. Some of us still refer to a particular Goddess or even God by name in their personal practices, give offerings before battle, before conceiving a child, and so on. The Morrígan, Ceridwen, Hecate, Brigid, Lug, Odin. However, most choose to not to dedicate themselves to any one God or Goddess, but to honor Magic and Nature as one. We thank them as a single almighty being, all-powerful and unconquerable. Lady Magic. Mother Nature. We refer to her as a feminine entity, and not a male, as she grants life and power to all her children."

"I see," Harry nodded, "so you worship magic?"

Malfoy smirked. "In a way," he said. "It is more accurate to say we show gratitude to magic, and to nature, for the gifts she bestows us. It brings us closer to her. Brings us closer to what makes us wizards and witches."

"So Magic is..." Harry struggled for the word, "alive?"

There was a scoff from Snape. Narcissa scowled at the Potions Master and Draco shifted around nervously.

The Lord glanced at Snape with a twitching lip, as if amused by Snape rather than offended. "It is a point of contention," Lucius Malfoy admitted. "Some believe the Magic is sentient, that she can visit and guide us. There is some evidence to support that view. Some have experienced visions on the days of the Old Holidays, predominantly Samhain, and prophecies, by their nature, suggest the guiding hand of a higher power. Some believe that Magic is only a vehicle, however, which is guided and controlled by a deity or several deities, such as Hecate, Odin, Freyja and Ceridwen. Others, however, take a more... atheist approach."

His eyes flicked to Snape.

The Potions Master straightened into 'lecture mode', his hands linked behind his back, face disconnected of all emotion as he turned to Harry.

"Magic is a natural force, just like gravity or electromagnetism, not a living entity. The Old Holidays are all set on days of magical power," Snape began, "where the magical currents, flowing through the ley lines beneath our feet, reach their peak. These are, most likely, because of the earth's position around the sun. This influx of power, no doubt, is why wizards and witches felt drawn to these days and set the Holidays around them. Certain rituals help us tap into that excess power, to amplify it and draw upon it. I believe it to be a beneficial practice for our magical cores and that it should be encouraged. I do not, however, believe in the sentience of Magic."

"What about prophecies?" Harry asked.

"It is disputable whether prophecies are bestowed by a higher power," Snape said, arms folded. "We have not even been able to ascertain their accuracy, let alone their nature. I have yet to see evidence to convince me that prophecies are evidence of an almighty being or other such claptrap. More likely they derive from some innate magical ability of a select few to perceive potential futures."

"And the visions?"

"Nonsense," Snape sneered. "I have yet to see a single person have a vision during these rituals and I maintain that those who claim they did were likely just having a seizure."

"But then," Harry frowned, "what about the entrance ritual? About Lady Magic granting access to her temple? Throwing out those who abuse it."

"Very little is known about the nature of the Shadow Guardian ward. It is an ancient spell dating back to long before the roman invasion of Britain, with a large amount of highly unpredictable Blood Magics involved in the setting of said ward. I suspect that Aquila Malfoy set the opening entrance ritual to discern the intentions of the subject, to ensure they meant no harm to the temple. As for expelling those who are not worthy," Snape lifted a brow at Lord Malfoy, "Lucius has never given me any specific names of the individuals who were cast out, so I cannot verify his claims."

Harry still wasn't convinced. That didn't seem to explain the voices. The way they'd whispered around him, cautious and welcoming. He opened his mouth to ask Snape about it and--

Nothing.

His tongue froze in his mouth, suddenly paralyzed. He tried to push the question past his lips, but the sound would not come.

He closed his mouth and swallowed, heart pounding at the sudden overwhelming feeling of helplessness.

What the hell?

He looked around to see if anyone had noticed, but they seemed unaware. Lucius Malfoy was staring at Snape, smug for some unknown reason. The Lord licked his lips and turned back to Harry. "Everyone is entitled to their own opinion as to the nature of what happens in this place. I hope, Mr Potter, that you make your own and don't feel pressured into conforming or settling on any one viewpoint. Keep an open mind. You have your whole life to come to terms with your beliefs, whatever they may be."

Harry paused. His tongue unsticking form his mouth as he licked his lips and nodded. He opened his mouth and tried to speak again.

"Yes, sir," he breathed.

The words came easily. No sudden paralysis of his tongue. No strange helpless feeling, like the words would not form.

The words of the ritual rumbled around his head.

"Unto you, Lady magic, I grant my tongue. To keep your secrets and protect your children."

Harry swallowed hard.

Lucius Malfoy glanced up at the moon, then picked a silver and gold pocket watch out of his waistcoat and checked the time. His mouth twitched with a delighted smile before he turned to Draco. "It is time to make the call."

Draco sucked in a breath, then bit his lip hard as if he were trying very hard not to erupt with a very undignified squeal of excitement. Draco grabbed Harry's hand and dragged him over to the edges of a giant circle. Harry hadn't even noticed they'd been standing in the center of it.

Snape walked slowly over to Harry's left hand side, then reached down to hold Harry's hand, as Narcissa walked over to Draco's right hand side and held his. The Professor squeezed a little and smiled slightly, seeming to sense Harry's nerves.

"Don't worry," Snape whispered. "I wouldn't have taken you here if there were any danger. Just stay close, like we agreed."

Harry swallowed again and nodded. "O-okay," he said. "How are they calling the others? How do they get here if they can't find it."

Snape smiled and lifted his free hand, turning it palm upwards.

Harry's breath caught.

On the palm of Snape's left hand was a tattoo that hadn't been there before. It was a faint green color. A tree set in a circle on his palm. The branches reaching around the top of the circle, and the roots curling around the bottom.

Harry lifted his hand and twisted it in Snape's grip, spotting the edges of his own tattoo against his palm.

"It only appears in here," Snape explained, "or when the shadow guardian calls. Watch."

Lucius Malfoy stood at the center of the circle. His gaze swept upwards to the moon on the enchanted ceiling. He closed his eyes in reverence and took a deep breath. Then he lifted his wand from his pocket and set tip against the palm of his left hand.

Harry felt a tug, dragging at his arm and through his chest. A strange feeling that felt like it was pulling him into the circle.

A second later there was a loud crack and Pansy Parkinson stood in the circle, with a man and a woman on either side. All three were dressed in spectacular gowns and robes. Pansy's dress was a flowing green silk, embroidered with flowers at the sleeves and the collar.

She smiled at Harry and Draco, then she quickly exited the circle with her family to stand at Narcissa's side.

Soon after, there was another crack, and another.

Gregory Goyle and his father arrived in the circle, then Marcus Flint with his parents.

Steadily, a stream of people arrived in a whirling crack of magic and took their place in the circle. Some Harry recognized, like Vincent Crabbe and the Daphne Greengrass. Others he did not.

Some seemed vaguely familiar. Like the solemn, grey-haired man who arrived alone, whirling with black and navy robes.

There was something vaguely similar to Theo in the man's features. Something in the way the man's dark eyes regarded the circle with a quiet disinterest, as if he would rather be elsewhere. Except, Theo never gave off the savage, dangerous feeling this man exuded in spades.

When Mill arrived, Harry was surprised to see her with only her father. She was wearing a flowery dress and looking like rather miserable about it, tugging nervously at the fabric like she'd never felt more uncomfortable in her life.

She huffed with exasperation and pulled her hand from her scowling father's, then caught Harry's eye and smiled faintly. Harry smiled in reply.

Mill's mother was a Muggle-born. And she did not come.

As much as Harry wanted to believe it was by choice, he suspected she'd not been given one.

Harry glanced around the circle at the parents standing by their children.

Harry and Mill had to be some of the only half-bloods there. The Bullstrodes, from what Harry could tell, were long-time allies of the Malfoy's. Harry suspected that the only reason she was allowed there at all was because rejecting her would be a viewed as a grave insult to the House of Bullstrode.

Apparently, the same grave insult didn't extend to the rejection of Mill's mother.

Harry sank a little at that.

Many families from all over Slytherin filed in, one after another, even a few from Ravenclaw and what Harry was certain were a couple of upper year Hufflepuffs and one seventh year Gryffindor.

So many people.

Harry wondered to himself if this was the only circle left to celebrate the Old Holidays, or if there were dozens hidden all over the Magical World. All meeting in secret on this night, and many others, to pay their respects to Lady Magic.

As the crack of the arrivals petered out and the people all took their place outside the great circle, Malfoy's wand snapped and the tug at Harry's chest and arm ceased. The crackle of magic settled.

Silence fell across the group. All dressed in their finery. Glittering and shimmering. Wearing their most elegant new robes and expensive family jewels to greet Lady Magic.

There was a prickle of anticipation. People's faces flickered with excitement. Even the adults looked eager to begin.

Lord Malfoy stood at the middle of it all. Straight-backed and meditative. His expression sobering and strangely earnest.

"Blessed Yule," he said quietly to the group.

The circle responded in kind, a murmuring of 'Blessed Yule' waving through the gathered witches and wizards.

"We meet on this, the longest night of the year, to once more bid farewell to the prospering darkness of winter, and welcome the slow-rising light that carries us toward the budding of Spring," Malfoy turned to take in the group. "We bid thanks to Lady Magic, for all her work. For blessing our children for the gift of Magic and welcoming them as her own," Lord Malfoy turned to Harry, "and we thank her for blessing another of her children, for bringing him into her fold and welcoming him to this circle with open arms. For welcoming one of her lost children back to the Old Ways. For welcoming a once-lost House back into her heart and her spirit."

Several dozen pairs of eyes turned and fell upon Harry. There was a rustle of surprise as they spotted him, several had not recognized him when they arrived. But once they spotted Harry, their gazes flicked to Snape and back to him, analyzing the likeness and fizzling with delight at the sight.

He could practically feel their desperate urge for them to turn to their neighbors and whisper theories in each others ears. Only barely holding back to respect the sanctity of this temple.

Harry wondered how many of them had heard whispers and rumors already. He very much doubted his fellow students had managed to keep quiet about in their letters home. Rumors had no doubt been making the rounds for weeks.

Snape squeezed his hand in comfort as they both straightened. Determined not to let the gazes and the gossip-mongers bother them.

Lucius Malfoy's mouth twitched with approval, then he turned back to the waiting circle.

"Just as the dark moon symbolizes renewal, new beginnings, so does this sacred night," Malfoy continued. "The rebirth of the sun. The restoration of our hope and the shift of the tides. On this night, it is said that the everlasting Holly King surrenders to the young life of the Oak King, surrenders to the towering strength and wisdom of the Oak, for the wellbeing of the land.

"Let us dare to hope, on this night of rebirth, with Lady Magic heeding our call. Let us dare to dream on this dichotomous night; the darkest night of the year, as the full moon, the cold moon, sits at the height of her power, illuminates and gives clarity to all her children. Let us dare to believe that, one day, the wisdom of the Old will enrich the lives of all our world, once more. That those of us who hide in the darkness, to pledge their thanks Lady Magic and the Old Gods, will one day do so in the open... without fear."

Harry had to give it to the Lord Malfoy, he knew how to make a speech. There was a chilling sense of potential, swaying through the silence. A hope for the future.

He knew that the Lord Malfoy had used Harry's presence here as a symbol of new beginnings. The way he'd spoken of a 'once-lost House' being brought back to the Old Ways.

Harry still couldn't bring himself to fault the Lord for it. Maybe it was a sign of shifting tides. Maybe it wasn't. But he got the feeling that these people needed something to hope for. Needed to feel as if they weren't struggling uphill with no sense of relief. That there might be a day when they wouldn't be terrorized and vilified for their beliefs.

If they wanted to use Harry as a signifier that change was to come, then he supposed he couldn't fault them. Harry did, after all, want the same thing they did. He wanted bring down the laws that made their practices illegal. Even if he didn't end up a practitioner himself, Harry believed that they had a right to freedom of religion. Everyone did.

One day, he was confident he would change things. He was determined of that. One day, he'd give people back their freedom of belief.

So perhaps the Lord had a point.

Lucius Malfoy's eyes scanned the circle. "It is time to close the circle," he said. The group shifted and stretched out their hands to one another, clasping them together until they were all connected.

A strange feeling fizzled through Harry's skin as the last of the hand completed the circle. A prickling through his wrists, like a pulse of electricity.

Lucius Malfoy flicked his wand, uttered an incantation and dozens of candles sprung within the circle, forming a ring, lit with a swaying flame, dancing in the wind.

There was a hushed excitement. It crept through the air in quiet awe, while Lucius Malfoy's eyes slid shut and his chin lifted to the sky.

His arm spread upwards to the sky, wand held in his hand, and his voice rumbled with a reverent and rich tone as he spoke the words of a poem.

"Tonight, we greet the dying of the year,

The long year's end;"

The prickling along Harry's arms seemed to grow, as if Malfoy's first words had breathed life to something that crept quietly through them.

"During this, the longest night,

We await the sun's rebirth."

A whisper stirred in the wind. The fallen leaves from the grove floated softly through the circle, with the sigh of soft voices, swirling clockwise around Malfoy like a whirlwind.

"The light returns to the earth,

Upon the rising dawn;"

The voices rose, from soft, purred tones to a soaring, excited chattering. The prickling of magic rose through Harry's chest.

A strange vibration swirled, seeking release. Harry gripped Draco and Snape's hands tight. Closed his eyes, breathing deep to pacify his soaring heartbeat, as the voices tested and probed him, cautious, heedful and watchful.

"We honor the Mother's Magic,

The infinite cycle: life, death, rebirth."

When Harry felt the shift, the air changing, the welcoming warmth of acceptance him, he gasped with relief.

The tears ached in his eyes as the voices rose.

Bounding around him like excited children. Elated and joyous . Euphoric.

"As magic honors and blesses us,

So too do we fortify her this night;"

The magic swelled through Harry's chest until he felt as if he would burst. As if he'd tapped into the power of something bigger and greater than anything he'd ever felt.

It was intoxicating. Overwhelming.

It bubbled through his skin, itching and swirling.

Desperate for release.

He felt it prickle down his arm, creeping toward Snape.

"We thank Lady Magic,

We honor Mother Earth."

In a second, the magic rushed free. Surging like a river.

It burst down his arm toward Snape. Harry felt the man jolt, as if struck by lightning.

Gasps rang out through the circle as the wave of magic hit and swirled around them. Through them. Harry felt it curl back around and rush into him again, almost as powerful as before. Swirling through every person the circle, to the next, and the next.

What is this?

He could barely think past the swirl of overwhelming power. It felt like something primordial and potent. With more magic than any mortal being could ever possess.

It felt like tapping into the earth itself.

Like he was drawing from a great core of power that lay deep beneath their feet.

Tears rolled down his cheek as he felt it.

This was what they meant, when they talked of Lady Magic. Of Mother Earth.

This was natural current of power that made them all what they were. The immortal, undying creator of every magical being on the planet. Whether it be a natural force or a deity, this was what had made them what magic.

Beside him, Draco was squeezing his hand tight. Around them, people gasped and sobbed with awe and wonder.

He didn't feel Snape swaying until the man's hand slipped free of his own.

The whirl of magic cracked, like the snap of a thunderbolt, as the circle was broken.

That immense power faded away like smoke.

Harry almost collapsed with relief. Around him, he could hear others weep and gasp for breath.

Draco was still clasping Harry's hand tight. Shivering.

"Severus!"

Harry's eyes snapped open to see Lucius rushing toward them, gaze panicked and distressed.

Lucius Malfoy fell to the ground beside Harry, where Severus Snape lay unconscious on the cold stone, pale and shivering.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello, everyone!

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter. I'm sorry that I haven't replied to people's messages, as I planned. I had a stressful few weeks, which is also why the chapter is shorter than usual (I'd hoped to spend more time on it, but I didn't get the opportunity).

    I'm hoping you won't hate me too much for the cliffhanger when I admit that the next update is in four weeks. I promise that I'll try and make the wait worth it.

    See you all on Friday 11th June!

    Stay safe!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 29
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

The familiar smell of cheap ale and cigarettes. A sticky brown carpet beneath his feet. Scratches and watermarks lined the black-stained wood of the bar, as a grey-haired man with a tobacco-yellow teeth sneered at him from behind it.

"What yer havin'?" The bartender asked.

"Soda water with lime," Severus replied, and received a scoff in reply.

He shouldn't care what this filthy muggle thought of him, but for the briefest second, booming through his skull, he could hear his father's voice snarling "bloody pansy".

His face shuttered as he occluded the weakness away.

This man was nothing to him. Vermin, just like his father had been. Their opinions meant nothing.

Severus was superior to them in every way.

Superior by his very blood.

His Lord's words echoed through his mind, a comforting reminder of his primacy over men like this.

Animals.

The old man slammed the lime green drink down on the table and Severus handed over a few pence, taking care not to touch the Muggle's filthy skin.

The pub was filled with gaudy plastic pumpkins and spiders, yellow and black streamers. The sight of it made Severus shudder.

He'd always loathed Halloween. Ever since he was a child. His father never let him dress up or play trick-or-treat. Called it begging. He would beat Severus if he thought he'd so much as stepped out the house after dark that day. Frankly, there were years when their family could have done with begging for food, but Tobias Snape would rather starve his entire family than accept anyone's charity.

Severus found a table away from the rabble, suitably private, and busied himself with staring at the menu. It was a slip of poorly photocopied paper that had been repeatedly used as a beer mat. It had a crest at the top with three hammers and barely five items on the menu. All of which came with a portion of greasy chips.

Why am I here? He wondered, not for the last time that night. He should have been with the rest of his comrades, preparing for the Samhain night, thanking magic and honoring his ancestors.

Instead he was in this decrepit cess-pit. Probably one of the very same places his father had drank himself out of a job, several times over.

You can leave, he reminded himself, you can leave right now.

Severus swallowed a mouthful of soda water. The lime cordial tasted sickly sweet-bitter but it was better than the tar and decay smell of this wretched hole.

You can leave right this second, walk out the door, before you further betray your Lord.

He nearly did. His leg twitched with the urge to rise and flee.

If he went now he could still make it in time for Samhain. Still greet his fellow Death Eaters with his head held high. He could leave his dark secrets with that one, fateful slip that cost Abraxas Malfoy his life. He could walk away before he dug himself deeper into this mess.

Severus gripped his fists.

Just leave, he urged. Just get up and walk away.

He twisted in his chair, ready to rise, then looked up.

She was just as beautiful as the first day he saw her.

Auburn hair, curling in waves.

Green eyes, soft and bright, as fresh as a field of grass in the spring.

Her eyes were glazed with unshed tears. Her mouth pulled into a sad, soft smile.

"Hello, Sev."

Severus's gut clenched and his head whirled.

A strange pull dragged him from the place, from this small, painful comfort, like his mind was being hauled away, somewhere else.

"S-sir?" Called a familiar voice. A hand clutched at his, squeezing. "Please, sir, wake up. P-please, d--" the voice hesitated, "please, Professor."

"It will all be fine, Mr Potter," someone said, "he probably needs a few moments to recover. If it persists, I know a discreet Healer who can look him over."

Severus grimaced at the mere thought.

Merlin, he hated Healers. He squeezed the hand clutching his and willed his body to move. Slowly, it obeyed.

"Sir!" Harry's voice was dizzy with relief.

"Severus, stay down," Lucius instructed, "you collapsed during the Yule ritual. What do you remember?"

Severus groaned and lifted his free hand to his face. The memory of the Yule ritual was beginning to come back to him now, like waking from a dream and slowly remembering what was real and what wasn't.

Was that what it had been, perhaps? A dream?

It didn't feel like one. It felt too real. Too vivid. Even sharper than recalling an old, familiar memory. More akin to a pensieve.

Severus moved his hand and took a look at his worried son.

Green eyes.

Her eyes.

It hurt to look at them, sometimes. Right now, it was more of a painful sort of comfort.

His son. Their son.

Lily's.

The boy didn't let go of his other hand, clutching onto it for dear life, eyes raw with the buried urge to cry.

All around them, at a cautious distance, people watched him eagerly, curiously. Awaiting the story of what happened.

Lucius was crouching above him, a small smile prickling at his lips. "Well, Severus," the Lord began, "I should go get a Healer."

Severus scoffed. "Don't be absurd. I'm perfectly well."

Lucius placed a hand over his friends chest as the Potions Master tried to rise. "Now, now, this is your first seizure. It would be remiss of me as host if I did not get help." Lucius smirked. "Unless it was something other than a seizure."

Severus glared at the man.

"Was it a vision?" Harry asked, eyes wide with awe. "I heard those only happened at Samhain."

Around them, spectators whispered with delight. It had been a lifetime since the last recorded practitioner had a vision.

Lucius's smile was so smug Severus's fingers twitched toward his wand with the urge to hex it off his face. "It is more common during Samhain," Lucius explained. "But visions have been recorded on many of the holy days."

Severus rolled his eyes. "It wasn't a vision," the Potions Master spat with distaste.

"No?" Lucius looked almost fond as he crossed his arms and waited for Severus to attempt to explain this. "Then, pray tell, what did happen?"

Severus managed to delay himself a few seconds by insisting upon sitting upright. Harry helped lean him up against a pillar, fussing nervously beside him.

The Potions Master sucked in a deep breath. "I am revising my theory, due to the emergence of fresh data."

"Oh?" Lucius smirked.

"Yes," Severus swallowed, straightening himself to regain any lost poise. "As we know, ley lines are known to swell with magical power during the days of power. Rituals help us tap into that excess wild magic and focus it through our cores. I now postulate that tapping into a particularly strong spring of magical power, during such rituals, can sometimes overload a practitioner's magical core and have unusual effects. Activating dormant Seer abilities may be one of these effects, but it is more possible that it causes the breakdown of Memory Charms and other mind-altering spells and the reemergence of repressed or buried memories."

Lucius had the nerve to chuckle at Severus, as if he thought the Potions Master's perfectly logical explanation was adorable.

"I do love hearing your perspective on these things, Severus," the arrogant Lord drawled. "It is always so delightfully refreshing. Long may it continue."

If they were not surrounded by witnesses, Severus would have responded in a less-than-gentlemanly manner. Instead, he gave the man a look the made clear he planned to table his retaliation until the bastard least expected it.

"Are you okay?" Harry asked, drawing his attention away. The young wizard still looked close to tears. "You looked really..."

Severus smiled sadly and squeezed his son's hand, while Lucius stood up and greeted his guests. Drawing them away, to give them both some privacy.

"I'm fine," he said. "Don't let this spoil your evening. I'm certain Draco will never forgive you if you don't dance at least one waltz."

Harry's eyes widened with a sudden inexplicable terror and dawning horror. "W-waltz?" His son stuttered. "There's dancing?"

Severus frowned. "Well, yes. It's a Ball, Harry. There is usually dancing at Balls."

The young wizard paled dramatically. He couldn't have looked more terrified than if Severus had just shoved him in a room with another Cerebrus. He gazed around the space as Narcissa summoned the magical orchestra on the other side of the room and the instruments began to play themselves. Guests laughed and paired up, expertly moving around the floor in sequence.

The realization struck slowly as he spotted the terror in his son's face.

Severus exhaled slowly and whispered, "You don't know how to dance, do you?"

Harry shook his head, the terror of prey in his eyes.

How on earth did Severus miss this?

Of course the boy didn't know how to dance. Who was going to teach him? The Dursleys?

Severus cursed himself for letting himself grow so distracted in the last month that he forgot to lend his son a single damned lesson. Draco, being the spoiled pure-blood prince that he was, probably imagined that everybody received the same lessons on dance and decorum that he had at five years old and failed to consider otherwise.

Harry's breath was trembling as he exhaled. "Draco's going to kill me, isn't he?"

Possibly.

Severus's godson was known for taking social events and dancing far more seriously than anyone had a right to. However, Severus was more scared of the others, if he was honest. The moment the pure-bloods saw Harry flailing across the floor, they'd begin muttering comments about a 'poor upbringing' and 'no class'.

Then Narcissa would dive in to offer mandatory finishing lessons that would monopolize Harry's entire summer.

Severus shuddered.

No. He couldn't let his son suffer such a horrible fate.

The Potions Master closed his eyes, exhausted, laying his head back against the pillar. "Lucius," he called, the faintest tremble to his gruff tone, as if trying to hide his weakness.

The Lord wandered over, frowning in concern. "Yes, Severus?"

Severus sighed and slowly stood, allowing a faint unsteadiness to creep into his posture as he lifted off the ground. "I think we should head back to the castle. The effects of the incident have hit me harder than I expected."

Lucius seemed less than pleased by this announcement but, ever the host, he nodded in agreement. "Of course," he said. "You'll need to Floo back, won't you? I'll escort you back to the Manor."

"No need," Severus said, lifting shakily to his feet. "I have energy enough for that."

Lucius nodded, lips pursed. "If you're sure... but please call my servant, Dobby, if you need anything." He said. "Good evening, Severus, Mr Potter," he said, dipping his head. "It was a pleasure to see you both."

"And you, Lord Malfoy," Harry said with relief, then turned to Severus and whispered. "I should go say goodbye to Aunt Cissa and Draco."

#

"I can't believe how utterly selfish you're being!" Draco cried, face bright red and eyes glittering. "I was so looking forward to us dancing all night long in the light of the full moon and sneaking sloe wine from our parents and now you're leaving the minute the ritual is over!"

"I'm sorry," Harry said again, miserable.

"Sorry is not good enough!" Draco hissed. "The Yule Ball is the biggest event of the year! You were supposed to--"

"Draco," Pansy huffed, "please shut up. Professor Snape quite literally collapsed in front of him. I don't think he's in a dancing mood."

Draco pouted. "Professor Snape seems fine now though," the blonde insisted. "A little peaky, but he can just take a seat for a bit while Harry--"

"Draco Lucius Malfoy," a warning tone uttered behind them. Lady Malfoy was standing with her beautiful diamond dress elegantly flowing around her, watching her son with a dangerous expression. Blue eyes as hard as steel.

Draco paled so quickly that Harry worried he might faint, then turned to Harry with wide eyes and pure-blood mask just barely in place.

"My apologies, Harry. I lost my manners. Of course, you are welcome to leave. I do hope that Professor Snape feels better soon." Draco looked back over at his mother, as if gauging her reaction. She lifted a brow and he turned back to Harry, clearing his throat. "Is there anything I can do? Escort you back, perhaps?"

"Er, no thank you, Draco. We'll be fine. Thank you for the lovely evening and winter break," Harry said, then smiled. "I'll miss you at school."

Draco's expression softened. "Me too," the blonde said with a small smile, his hands twitched at his side as if itching to give Harry a choking hug. "Have a lovely Christmas, Harry."

Harry grinned at his friend.

His other friends were far more understanding. The only other one who openly expressed their regret was Mill.

"I was hoping everyone would be so busy staring at you they wouldn't notice me slipping off to hide behind a pillar," she said with a scowl.

"Not a fan of dancing?" Harry asked with a smirk.

Mill huffed, then indicated at her floral dress. "Not like this," she scowled. "I wouldn't mind so much if I could wear what I had picked out, but apparently it was unladylike."

Harry laughed. "Maybe next time I come, we can give the pure-bloods a shock. You can do the man's steps and I'll do the lady's," he lowered his voice to a whisper. "Merlin knows I'll take all the help I can get where dancing's concerned."

Mill grinned deviously. "I might hold you to that."

Lady Malfoy escorted him back to Severus to say her goodbyes. She kissed Harry on the cheek and smiled. "It was such a spectacular night for you to join us. I've never felt such a surge of magic before."

"No?" Harry asked, brows lifted. "It's not usually like that?"

Snape rumbled with a chuckle. "Not quite, no."

Narcissa turned to the Potions Master with a predatorily gleam in her eyes as she kissed him on the cheek. "You and I will be having a chat, Severus. Soon."

Somehow she managed to make that sound like a polite request, an order and a threat all at once.

Harry was starting to think that Narcissa Malfoy was possibly quite a terrifying person when she wanted to be.

As they left, the other guests watched keenly, whispering gossip to one another.

Across the grove, by a pillar shaped like a tall oak, Harry spotted Theo's grandfather, watching the young wizard with a calculating expression.

A shudder sliced down Harry's back as their eyes met. Dark blue eyes, like Theo's, almost midnight black. The man's gaze was cold and cunning, observing him with suspicion and comprehension. With none of his grandson's subtle warmth or hidden mirth. None of Theo's quiet spark.

He held the old wizard's gaze for only a second, a second that felt like an eternity. before he sharply turned and hurried away.

The walk back to Malfoy Manor was peaceful. Harry enjoyed the quiet thrum of the dark, as night creatures clicked, howled and hooted through the woodland.

He kept wondering if he should ask, or let the Professor have his privacy.

If it really was a vision... they seemed like quite a private matter. And Harry suspected that the man might not even be able to share what he'd seen if Lady Magic didn't will it.

Harry's mind drew back to the moment his tongue froze in his mouth, trying to speak about the whispering voices he'd heard. He couldn't help but wonder what had caused that... what magic spell or deity, or just a spell. And whether anyone else had experienced it, as he had.

They were at Halligrove before Snape finally spoke. His body tense with caution and fear.

"I will tell you what I saw," the wizard said, softly, "eventually. I just... I need to dig further. I need to be sure that what I saw was real and," Snape hesitated, gaze turning up to the night's sky, "I need to see the rest of it."

Harry swallowed hard. "It was a memory?"

Snape's expression turned pained at that.

There was a long silence, dragging out like claws on stone. "Possibly," the Potion's Master whispered, eventually. "I hope that..."

Harry waited, silently, for the man to complete the unfinished sentence. But he never did. The words hung incomplete between them as they walked back to the Manor, in a path lit by the cold moon.

#

Harry was reluctant to return to Slytherin House that evening. He was hesitant to leave Snape alone, but the Professor eventually agreed to have Madam Pomfrey look at him tomorrow if Harry went to bed and stopped 'pointlessly fussing' over him.

When Harry entered the first year Slytherin dorm room that evening, Theo was packing away some chalk, candles and an old black book with Nordic runes on the cover.

On the floor was a chalk circle, with more runes drawn around the edges of it.

Theo didn't exactly express anything as dramatic as shock, but he looked mildly surprised by Harry's sudden appearance. "I thought you'd be gone for another few hours."

"Oh, er, sorry. There was kind of a drama," Harry wandered over to the circle and stared at it. "What was this?"

Theo's lips prickled with a subtly pleased expression. "Did you get the talk?" The Nott Heir asked. "About the Gods and Goddesses?"

Harry nodded. "Lord Malfoy mentioned that different people dedicate themselves to different entities from various old pantheons. Sometimes Gods and sometimes just Lady Magic."

Theo nodded, then lifted the book for Harry to see. "The Notts worship our namesake; the Goddess Nótt, meaning 'Night'."

Harry's brows rose as he gazed over the book in Theo's hand, gazing at the runes. "Norse?"

Theo nodded. "Grandmother of Thor, mother of Jörd: the personification of the Earth. Nótt is the dream goddess of night and darkness."

Harry realized with astonishment that Theo had just spoken a sentence with more than five words in it.

Two sentences in a row.

"Our House used to dedicate themselves to her but my grandfather stepped away from the tradition." Theo explained, turning the book to a bookmarked page, he smirked wickedly at Harry. "Didn't hide our old family Grimoire's well enough, though."

Harry's eyes widened. "Isn't that in Old Norse, though?"

Theo looked up at him, clearly confused. "What's your point?"

Harry didn't know why he was surprised that Theo had already learned Old Norse by age eleven, in order to dedicate himself to the Norse Goddess of Night.

For some reason, that fit his personality perfectly.

"How does it work, then?" Harry asked instead. "Dedicating yourself to a deity."

Theo sat down at his bed and set the book beside him. "Every God or Goddess is different," Theo explained, "they have different values and traits. Some families have traditionally worshipped particular deities, and have set practices written down for their descendants to follow. Some just let each generation decide for themselves. You can write your own dedication rituals, once you've done enough research into your deity or deities of choice, or you can find one that's been pre-written."

Harry nodded absently. "How did you know... that Nótt was the... um, the one?"

Theodore smiled a little. "She called to me," he said. "One night when I was six. I woke up from a strange dream where I was wandering through the library. I got up and followed the same path as my dream," Theo's hand rested on the book beside him, "and I found our family Grimoire."

Harry's eyebrows shot up. "Really?"

Theo nodded, for once in his life seeming delighted to talk. "She guided me there. I've been planning out my dedication ever since."

Harry exhaled in awe. "That's why you stayed, isn't it?"

Theo shrugged. "Longest night of the year," he said, by way of an explanation, then smirked. "But I also did it for the library."

Harry burst with a laugh.

#

"Hey Nev," Harry said, as he and Theo plopped themselves down on the Gryffindor table. The rest of the lions stared in astonishment at the two snakes, too stunned to be outraged. "Do you know how to waltz?"

Neville's eyes widened with fear. "Uh... yeah. Why?"

"Mind giving me lessons?" Harry asked. "Turns out I could use a few. Theo refused. You've gotta promise that it'll never get back to Draco, though."

Theo nodded gravely beside him, picking up a slice of toast.

"Uh, why?"

"Because if Draco finds out, he'll probably spend the next six months giving me lessons on etiquette and some such nonsense."

"And fashion," Theo added opening his latest book to its bookmarked page and continuing where he left off. "Though that's unavoidable."

Harry tried not to take the comment as a personal assault, but the faint smirk at Theo's lips made it hard to believe it was otherwise.

Harry huffed and turned to Neville. "Well? Will you help a mate out?"

Neville blushed. "O-okay, um, I suppose..."

"Great!" Harry grinned.

"Why d'you even wanna get dancing lessons for?" Ron added from a few spots down, a slight sneer in his voice. "All that nonsense is for pure-bloods and toffs."

"Because I want to get into politics," Harry said simply, spooning the porridge into his bowl and lathering some yogurt, some sliced apple and some weird looking blue jam stuff he'd tried yesterday. "If I want to get the respect of the other pure-bloods and toffs, I have to be able to act like them every now and then. Last I checked, that includes not stepping on people's toes. What is this made from?"  He asked Theo, pointing to the blue jam. "It's not blueberry is it? Doesn't taste like it."

Theo leaned forward and squinted at it, then shrugged.

"They're sloes," Neville answered, smiling nervously. "From the Blackthorn. I-it's still in season now."

"Oh, cool," Harry grinned. "Thanks, Nev."

Neville smiled. "I think its a good idea, Harry. I'd be happy to help."

Harry beamed. "You're the best, Neville."

"Surely the Ministry and Wizengamot doesn't care whether or not you dance properly," Hermione added, frowning. "It's more important that you get the right grades and display an excellent school record."

Theo snorted.

Hermione scowled. "What?" She snarled.

Theo glanced up at his book, brow raised. "Got your eye on the Ministry?"

Hermione blushed. "I... I might."

Theo nodded and turned to Neville. "One more for dance lessons, Neville," the Nott heir said, then turned back to his book.

Hermione blushed and grit her teeth, but didn't argue. She did scowl at the top of Theo's head for the rest of breakfast, though.

#

Dance lessons were painful. Neville tried pairing up Hermione and Harry, at first, and quickly had to separate them as it was fast threatening to destroy their friendship forever.

A few times, Harry had deliberately trodden on Hermione's feet just to get back at her for nagging at him like she was an expert, despite them both only having started learning five minutes ago.

They were still glaring at each other across the otherwise empty classroom when Theo dragged Hermione away. Neville nervously grabbed at Harry's wand arm, apparently convinced he was about to hex the Know-It-All.

It was not a completely unfounded fear.

"Um, how about y-you lead and I follow?" Neville said, blushing.

Harry huffed. "Thanks, Nev. Sorry about the--"

"It's fine," Neville smiled, then lifted Harry's hand. "Here, hand on my back here, I put mine on your shoulder. We hold hands here. That's the basic stance. Got it?"

Harry nodded, trying not to wince uncomfortably as he imaged Dudley cackling at him and calling him a fairy for dancing with another boy.

"Got it," Harry said firmly, shoving any thoughts of Dudley and his stupid opinions out of his mind.

"Now, you step forward with--no, ow, too soon," Neville winced. "With your left foot, Harry."

"Sorry," Harry grimaced.

"That's okay. On my count, you put your left foot forward, then move your right foot a step to the right of it. Got it?"

Harry managed the first two steps without treading on Neville, and nearly cheered. The next four steps were less successful, but Harry got there eventually.

Soon enough Neville was counting "1,2,3,1,2,3," to keep Harry in rhythm while Harry waltzed with some vague measure of success.

On the other side of the room, Hermione had finally stopped trying to micromanage Theo (Theo couldn't be managed, he just stared blankly at people who tried until they got uncomfortable and backed away), and was following Theo's expert lead with a clenched jaw and beet red face.

Theo seemed... vaguely amused. Which was odd in itself. He wouldn't have thought Theo and Hermione would get along particularly well.

Also, Harry felt he should be slightly insulted that Theo refused to teach Harry to waltz, but was fine with Hermione. Did Harry have 'clumsy' tattoo'd on his forehead, or something?

"See," Neville smiled, "it's easy."

Harry scoffed. "Maybe for you. How many fancy Summer Balls did you get roped into attending as a child."

Neville grimaced. "Too many."

Harry hummed. "My sympathies." Neville shrugged, then winced as Harry stepped on his toes again. "Sorry."

Neville chuckled. "Mostly I just hid in empty rooms 'til my Gran found me and dragged me out to dance," he blushed bright red. "She used to force me to wear these awful old dress robes. Real old fashioned things with frills, always bright red, that she grabbed from my dad's old things. I don't think he was too happy about wearing them back when they were his. He probably would have burned them if he could. Still, Gran always said it was an honor to wear my father's clothes." Neville rolled his eyes. "They didn't even fit me."

Harry hummed. "We should really organize a shopping trip for you this summer," he said. "I just know that Draco would jump at the chance to find you a whole new wardrobe."

Neville shuddered. "My Gran would be furious."

Harry grinned. "That's the idea, Nev."

The blonde boy smiled. "Maybe I could pick some things up with Kingsley on Tuesday."

"Oh?" Harry's brow lifted. "He's definitely coming, then?"

Neville's cheeks bunched from smiling so hard. "Yeah, Professor McGonagall set it all up. He arrives tomorrow evening, after the Hogwarts Express leaves. He's staying til the New Year. We're going to Diagon Alley on Christmas Eve and to meet his family on Saturday."

"That's so cool," Harry said, smiled. "I'm happy for you Nev."

"Yeah," Neville breathed with slight wonder that an adult was willing to spend time with him. "He's, um, looking forward to meeting you, too."

Harry blinked. "Me? Why?"

Neville blushed. "Well, he knows you're the one who told McGonagall about me and... well, you're my best friend, so..."

Harry blushed bright crimson.

He didn't know what to say.

"I-it's okay," Neville said with a smile, "I know you've got lots of best friends. But, well, you're mine, so..."

Harry beamed at him. "Me too," he said smiling then quickly stopped and he quickly paled, "one of, I mean. If Draco ever thought that--"

Neville nodded his head gravely. "Don't worry, I understand. Draco takes the 'top best friend' spot. I think he'd murder me for it if he thought I'd beaten him."

Harry burst with a cackle. "Possibly," he smirked at his friend. "Well, I'm looking forward to meeting Kingsley too."

Neville's smile was so blinding Harry had to squint to see it.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello, everyone!

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter. I'm so sorry for the cliffhanger last chapter. Hopefully the wait wasn't too annoying.

    I hope that it wasn't too jarring or disturbing, reading Severus's purist inner monologue from his Death Eater days. I didn't want to shy away from it, because its my belief that he must have been brainwashed into thinking that way--and used it as a crutch to try and recover his self-esteem from his father's abuse. I thought about putting a warning at the head of the chapter, but wasn't sure. If any of you believe that a warning might be necessary, please let me know.

    Just a quick apology for not getting through your lovely messages yet. All your comments have made me so happy, especially lately, since I've been having a bit of a tough time. I'm sorry that I haven't got the chance to reply, but I do redirect the comments to my email, and every time one of a message arrives in my inbox it gives me a huge grin. So, thank you.

    Hoping to update in three weeks, so I should have something for you then.

    See you on Friday the 2nd July!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 30
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

One more deosil turn and the potion bubbled from a grey into a soft silver. A light mist steamed over the cauldron. Severus smiled in satisfaction at the sight.

Perfect.

Weeks of work, weeks of dedicated preparation and carefully-timed work were finally almost complete. Just one more step to go.

Severus plucked the blade from the worktop and took a sharp breath in as his heart began to race.

He'd heard horror stories about Blood Magic. About wizard blood being used as an ingredient in a potion and it setting the damned thing off like an incendiary.

He'd done all the research he could, however. Now all that was left was to take a leap of faith.

He held one hand over the cauldron, then lifted the blade to his finger. The sharp silver of the tip pressed easily through his skin. Red swelled to the surface; a small bubble of blood forming on his fingertip.

He squeezed out one, two, three drops, then pulled away, dropping his blade on the worktop.

No sudden explosion.

No tell-tale sign of swelling to indicate it was about to blow.

No suspicious scent, to indicate toxic fumes.

Three last deosil turns and the potion began to shift. The faintest stirring of pink in the silver potion. He exhaled slow in relief and removed the heat, setting the cauldron aside to cool.

It was done.

Just two more days for it to settle with his blood signature and it would be ready for use.

Two more days.

Christmas day, then, Severus remembered. As fitting a time for such a thing as any.

Just two more days and they would know for sure.

He carefully hid the blade and set the cauldron in his cupboard, setting a protective ward around it and then breathing a sigh.

The wait would drive him crazy if he let it. Better to focus on something else.

Grass green eyes flickered through his mind, tearful and nostalgic.

Severus swallowed hard.

He couldn't avoid the truth forever. He couldn't hide from his memories. Not now that he he knew that Lily had met him that night.

Samhain.

The symmetry of it was unnerving.

Two years before the night she died.

Nine months before Harry was born.

Severus closed his eyes and occluded, trying to focus his thoughts, clear away the clutter of his hope, dread and anticipation.

He wandered over to the stool sat in the corner. The spot that he had long since designated for meditation work. He always found his mind was clearer and sharper after working on a potion. The deliberative nature of brewing lent itself well to occlumency.

He sat down and closed his eyes.

Drew his mind back to that moment. The moment he saw her. Standing there with her hair curling in waves. A long, emerald dress with flowing sleeves.

Beautiful.

She'd always been so beautiful. Breathtakingly so.

He watched her expression. Relief, sadness, dread and joy. All mixed together and palpable in her eyes.

"Hello, Sev."

It hurt to remember. Those two words cut like a dagger to his chest. Enough to make him want to pull back, draw away from the memory. But he held firm, searching the edges of it, looking for the borders of the obligation. Probing for a--

A chime resounded through his potions study. His wards, pulling him from his meditation.

Severus huffed and grit his teeth. He stormed out the private study, through the living room and jerked open the door to his quarters.

Merlin confound it.

Minerva was standing on the other side of the entrance with her arms folded and scowling. "You didn't really think I'd let you 'lose track of time', did you, Severus?"

He sighed and rubbed his eyes. "Why do you insist upon this ridiculous farce?"

Minerva invited herself into his quarters and grabbed his cloak off the hook, shoving it at his chest. "Because I will not have you skulking around the dungeons until the New Year trying to avoid him. Honestly, Severus, you're being ridiculous."

"I disagree," Severus rolled his eyes as he pulled on his cloak, "I believe any man with my past indiscretions that did not attempt to avoid socializing with Aurors, would likely require the aid and assistance of a Mind Healer."

"Kingsley doesn't care about your past, Severus," Minerva scoffed, "the only one making a fuss about it is you."

Severus decided not to remind her that Kingsley had lost friends at the hands of his former comrades. Kingsley's lost friends had also, after all, once been her students.

"Furthermore, I will not have you leave me alone with Albus," she snarled at him. "I nearly hexed the old dodder into oblivion last week for uttering that nonsense about 'not getting dear Neville's hopes up'. It is for the best that you be around in case I'm tempted to reach for my wand."

Severus lifted a brow. "You're perfectly capable of disposing of the body alone, Minerva. You're a transfiguration Master, for Merlin's sake. Just turn him into an throw pillow. Something as gaudy as those robes of his; an awful shade of violet with gold tassels on it."

Minerva pinched her lips in the expression she got when she was trying very hard to look disapproving.

He was marched out the door with not an ounce of decorum, while his colleague muttered complaints under her breath about him being a terrible influence.

The halls were blessedly empty, now that the Hogwarts Express had left with most the rabble. But when they arrived at her office, Albus was waiting outside, having a conversation with the portrait of a long-dead Gryffindor Head of House.

"Ah, Severus!" The old fool said, as if delighted to see him. "Good of you to join us."

The man had nerve, that was for certain, to act as if he was somehow directing this ridiculous event.

Minerva was already sending a death glare at the Headmaster.

Merlin bless Gryffindors and their complete lack of subtlety. It would make this afternoon at least slightly more entertaining.

The Head of the House of lions snapped her wand upwards and to remove her wards and then slipped the key into the lock.

Minerva's rooms were decorated nicely enough, but with far more tartan and landscape paintings of Scottish hillsides than Severus would have personally opted for. She didn't fall into the habit of dressing everything in her House colors, however. She enjoyed emerald greens around her curtains and the throws on her chairs. Severus had always appreciated that about Minerva. She didn't tend toward House stereotypes.

Lily hadn't either.

She looked over to him and raised a brow. "Scotch?"

"Please," he drawled.

She grabbed the bottle and two glasses and didn't so much as glance in Albus' direction while he wandered around staring at the paintings.

Severus grasped the offered tumbler and Minerva poured a helping liberal enough to last him for a whole afternoon.

"How long until our guest arrives?" Albus asked, eyes sparkling as he wandered over to her bar and plucked his own glass, picking out a desert wine.

Minerva's jaw tightened. "A few minutes. The rest of the staff should be trickling in too. Pomona, Poppy and Rolanda agreed to stay on call for student emergencies."

"Delightful," Albus smiled genially, "it will be so lovely to catch up with Kingsley. It has been such a long while since I saw him."

Severus sipped the Scotch and licked his lips. "If memory serves, you saw him on the day of the Hogwarts Express debacle," Severus pointed out. "He was the one who interviewed Mr Potter's guardians, I believe."

There was a very slight tightening of Albus's jaw at that. It was so small that one could miss it, if they weren't a trained spy who'd spent a lifetime learning to read the old manipulator behind that mask.

Clearly, that was a sore subject.

Curious, Severus thought, as he took another sip from his glass.

"Ah, yes," Albus said, chortling good-naturedly, "I almost forgot about that little drama. Feels an age ago, doesn't it?"

Minerva's eyes narrowed. "Maybe to you, Albus. It is still remarkably vivid to me. Painfully so."

The sparkle in Albus's eye dimmed slightly and he cleared his throat. "Yes, well, I know that I--"

The Floo flared to life and Kingsley Shacklebolt stepped from the flame. His gaze flicked around the room, stopped on Albus, then his eyes thinned ever so slightly before he looked back to the Gryffindor Head of House.

Interesting.

"Minerva," he said in that gravelly tone of his, smiling at her as he stepped over and kissed her cheek, "good to see you."

"And you," Minerva said with a smile, "I'm so glad you've been able to come. It will be lovely to have you here for the holidays."

"I hope it is not too much trouble," he said.

"No, no, none at all," she said with a wave, then turned to Severus. "Ah, I don't believe you've met Professor Severus Snape, our Potions Master."

He had, in fact. Though not formally.

During his first encounter with Kingsley Shacklebolt, Severus had been wearing a mask and Shacklebolt had been flinging several hexes at him in quick succession. Severus barely escaped that night.

"A pleasure to meet you," the Auror said, lifting his hand to shake. "I've heard good things."

Severus lifted a brow. "Have you? I'm astonished."

The Auror smirked faintly, then Albus made his move.

"Kingsley," the Headmaster said, stepping forward with a smile and a twinkle in his eye, "so good of you to pop by for the holidays. I hope it's not too much fuss. I know how difficult it can be to get time away from your cases."

Shacklebolt's face hardened slightly, though he pasted on a tight smile. "No trouble, Headmaster," he said cooly. "I always make time to see my family."

Albus's eyes widened fractionally before he shuffled the surprise away and twinkled happily. "I see, I see. How lovely. Well, I think I should get back to the grind. It would be lovely to take time to catch up, soon. Before Christmas, perhaps?"

Kingsley's answering smile was frigid with quiet anger. "Perhaps."

Albus swallowed and chuckled. "Thank you for the tipple, Minerva."

With that Albus swept out the door.

Minerva scowled at the closed entrance as he left. "Good bloody riddance. Damned meddler," she hissed, then turned to Kingsley. "Drink?"

"Just a tea, please," Kingsley said. "I'm meeting Neville soon."

"Ah, yes, of course," Minerva swept over to the tea set and set a diffuser full of tea leaves in the pot, then summoned some boiled water with a spell that doubled as a truly unpleasant hex. "How was the last day before the holidays? A lot to finish up, I expect?"

"Quite a bit, but it was nice to know I'd get the time off. Robards is always telling me I don't use enough of my holiday leave."

"I expect it would be difficult to step away," Severus said, "a sense of duty and all that."

Shacklebolt gave him an oddly curious look. "There are many different types of duty. It is important that one doesn't become so entrenched in the fulfillment of one that they forget another."

Severus got the oddest feeling that they were talking about someone they both knew. Someone who'd likely just exited the room.

Interesting, Severus thought to himself, taking a sip of tea.

"Ah, thank you, Minerva," Shacklebolt said, as she sent a tray with a tea set hovering over to him. "It smells delightful."

"I should say so," Minerva replied, "it's the tea you sent me for my birthday. I save it for the best occasions."

Shacklebolt chuckled, a low rumbling sound. "I'm honored."

A knock sounded at the door and Minerva dashed over to answer."

"Ah, I'm just on time! Capital," Filius chuckled as he stepped inside, holding a bottle of something. "Here you go Minerva. A little gift. Have you ever had Goblin whiskey before? A cousin of mine sent a bottle. Never tried it, myself, but it might be interesting to give a little go later."

Minerva eyed the dark liquid curiously, as it swirled with amber coils. "I'm never one to turn down a drink. Thank you, Filius."

"Ah! I see you dragged Severus up, too! Wonderful. Good to see you out the dungeon. Ohoho!"

The Potions Master scowled.

"A drink, Filius?" Minerva asked.

"A spot of that Scotch of yours wouldn't go amiss. Oh!" Filius wandered over to Shacklebolt. "Good to meet you, Auror Shacklebolt. Filius Flitwick, at your service. I've heard splendid things."

"Please call me Kingsley," the Auror replied smoothly. "It is good to finally meet you too. I hear from Neville that you're a splendid teacher."

"Oh! That's good of him to say," Filius said, blushing slightly. "He's a very hardworking student. Especially over the last few weeks. I think he lost a spot of confidence at the beginning, but his grades are really starting to pick up."

"I'm glad," Shacklebolt said, with a genuine pride prickling at his lips. "I know that your encouragement has meant the world to him, too. So, thank you."

Filius blushed and bumbled, clearing his throat. He always became flush with pride when a guardian, student or fellow teacher complimented his abilities as a teacher. Nothing meant more to the Charms Professor than being told his work was making a difference.

Filius cleared his throat. "He's made a splendid change in confidence. I'm sure that's the biggest factor. I suppose that's your influence?"

Shacklebolt smiled. "I'd love to take credit, but I think that Mr Potter has done most of the work. From the sounds of things, he's been helping young Neville quite a bit."

"Oh! Has he?" Filius brightened. "I should have known. They're good friends, aren't they? That's good. Potter is so very much like his mother. Kind heart, brilliant mind, oh!" Filius turned to Severus. "I've been meaning to have a talk with you about Potter. I had a thought the other day, you know, about his learning Gobbledygook. It's such a shame that Hogwarts doesn't do a course in it. But some places do, you know? So I've been taking a look at the summer curriculum at--"

"Absolutely not," Severus snarled. "Don't you dare, Filius. I have enough problems with you convincing my snakes to do every subject on our curriculum, don't you dare start looking at the curriculums in other institutions."

Filius actually pouted. "I was just pointing out that it might be useful for his personal interests. He's probably already ahead of the curriculum. And if he's learning anyway, then why not get a qualification?"

"Because a qualification requires examinations. Learning for his own amusement requires no additional stress in five years when he does his OWLs. If he wishes to do a qualification after that, he can do so. I swear, Filius, if you dare bring this up to Potter you will find your House's extra supply of Calming Draughts running unusually dry at the exam period this year."

Filius huffed. "Very well. Ah, thank you, Minerva," he said as she handed him the tumbler.

"Mr Potter is learning Gobbledygook, is he?" Shacklebolt asked.

"Oh, yes," Filius said, swallowing a gulp of Scotch. "Such a clever lad. Took an interest in the Daily Prophet Financials, of all things. He's been teaching himself Gobbledygook to translate the different financial terms in there and in the Sunday Gringotts Report."

Minerva's brows shot up. "I remember him mentioning something about that in his interview. He actually reads the Financials?"

"From what I can tell, Potter reads the whole paper every breakfast, front to back," Filius remarked. "I started noticing after he asked me for help translating something. He's quite dedicated. Takes a lot of notes, too, from what I've spotted. I think he actually looks up anything he doesn't understand." Filius looked especially proud of that fact. "He reminds me a lot of Lily. I remember how she threw herself into learning about the Wizarding World, with remarkable devotion and drive. I always thought she would have made a wonderful Ravenclaw."

"Lily was Gryffindor, through and through," Minerva said proudly, already half-way through a large glass of Scotch. "Smarter than most in her House, I'll admit--"

Severus snorted. "That's rather a low bar."

She scowled at him. There was another knock at the door to interrupt her chastising. It was Sibil with a half-empty bottle of Sherry. Minerva smiled tightly. "Thank you, Sibil."

"I'll go get a glass," Sibil said, clutching the bottle tightly and already wobbling.

Shacklebolt gave the woman a curious look as she stumbled over to fetch a tumbler.

"Professor Sibil Trelawney," Severus drawled into his glass, "hack Seer and amateur thespian. This is about as sober as you will see her for the remainder of the holidays."

Shacklebolt's brows lifted.

Filius huffed. "Severus, be nice," he said. Severus rolled his eyes. Then they spotted Sibil sniffing the Goblin Whiskey. "Oh dear, I'll go keep an eye on her."

Severus hummed and watched the Charms Professor dash over and attempt to wrestle the bottle from the Seer. Minerva dashed over to help. They appeared to be in the middle of a negotiation with the stubborn Sibil as she refused to relinquish her hold.

It was a second or two of uncomfortable silence before he noticed Shacklebolt was watching him carefully.

A sizzle of unease crept down his spine.

"So," Shacklebolt said carefully, "I should persuade Neville away from Divination, then?"

"I would recommend you try," Severus said, straightening. "If the subject has any true usefulness to those without the Sight, she certainly doesn't teach it in a way conducive for true learning. I'd argue that even with the Sight, students would be better off never meeting that woman."

Shacklebolt hummed. "Maybe my family and I can teach him at home then."

"Oh?" Severus said, suddenly intrigued. "I didn't know the Shacklebolts were Seers."

"Not Seers, technically. At least, not as Britain would define it," the Auror replied. "Some in our family are blessed with a magical talent for Retrocognition."

"Retrocognition?"

"It is rare in this part of the world," Shacklebolt said. "It is a magical ability for Seeing past events. Usually using contact with an object or person present during that event. It is difficult to control, not as prized as the ability for prophecy, but people often underestimate how much the mysteries of our past affect our fate."

Severus swallowed hard. "Indeed," he said, clearing his throat. "Did you inherit the gift?"

Shacklebolt shook his head. "It will have missed me. My sister carries it, she hasn't the gift herself, but it was buried in her blood. She passed it on to my niece, Avonlea. Avonlea began her training with my father already."

Severus nodded. "I see. That must be a relief. So many magical traits are extinct now."

Shacklebolt gave Severus an odd smile. "Here in the United Kingdom, perhaps," he said with knowing spark in his eye, "but the upper classes in Britain often doomed themselves in that regard."

Severus frowned.

What was that supposed to mean?

Severus was about to ask when Minerva bounded over with the bottle of Goblin Whiskey, suddenly brimming with energy and wobbling slightly. "Ah, Severush. You should trya liddle o' this."

Severus frowned at his colleague. "How many glasses of it have you had, Minerva?"

"Jus' a sip of this one," Minerva slurred. It was a terrifying sight to see, as he knew that the Scot had the alcohol tolerance of a giant. Quite literally. He'd seen her out-drink Hagrid.

Out the corner of his eye he spotted Silbil and Filius giggling like schoolgirls, drinking the Goblin Whiskey. "Odd taste," Minerva continued. "Good. Go on, go on."

"Ah, none for me," Severus said, whipping his glass away from her. "Perhaps you should take it slow with the Goblin Whiskey, Minerva."

Her face hardened. "Don' ye dare lecture me, Sevrush. I ken take care o'myself."

"Yes, Minerva. I'm sure you can," Severus sighed.

She twirled away and Filius lifted his hand into the air as he spotted her. "Top up!"

"Hmm," Shacklebolt said. "I think perhaps I should make a tactful exit in a few minutes."

"I'll escort you," Severus replied, suddenly less daunted by the prospect of socializing with an Auror than he was by an intoxicated Minerva. "Mr Longbottom is most likely with Mr Potter."

Shacklebolt smirked. "And you make a point of knowing where Mr Potter is at all times, do you?" He said slyly. "You've not got a tracker on him, have you?"

Severus blinked, then tried to laugh.

"Sorry," Shacklebolt said, "excuse my poor humor. I've heard that he has gotten into quite a few scrapes since term began. I imagine he does not make the job of being his Head of House particularly easy."

"No, he doesn't," Severus admitted with a sigh, "but he certainly keeps me on my toes. Thankfully, he also tends to frequent the same three spots when he is not in class." Severus's gaze fell to Minerva as the Transfiguration Professor opened the door to her rooms and gleefully welcomed in Bathsheba Babbling and Aurora Sinistra. Who had brought more alcohol. "Ah."

Shacklebolt followed his gaze and hummed, then breathed deep and turned to Severus. "Shall we make a speedy retreat?"

"Yes," Severus said, setting down his glass and glancing over at his colleagues as they handed Bathsheba and Auror a drink each, "I should probably stop by the Hospital Wing and warn Poppy, too."

Shacklebolt chuckled.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Thanks for all your support over the last few weeks, (and months). I've been having a rough time of it lately but feeling a bit better now and your comments always make my day.

    I hope you liked the chapter. The next one is up in two weeks, on the 16th July.

    Hope you have a lovely fortnight!

    Stay safe.

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 31
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

"Harry," Neville began, while they were seated beside one another in the library, with Theo opposite, reading his second tome of the day (this one was in Greek), "uh, not that I'm complaining or anything, but..." he chewed his lip, "are you planning on, you know, doing anything else over Christmas break?"

Harry paused, then looked up. "Like what?"

Neville sighed, then pointed to his stack of books. "Like not obsessively reading Wizengamot bylaws."

Harry honestly hadn't planned on it, but he supposed it would be weird to admit that aloud. He shrugged instead.

"We could go build a snowman," Neville said, with hope sparkling in his eyes, "or have a snowball fight. Play exploding snap. Ron has a chess board."

Harry chewed his lip. Draco's voice nagged at the back of his brain, calling him an octogenarian in disguise and threatening to tell Madam Pince that he spilled pumpkin juice on a book so she'd ban him from the library. "I suppose so..."

Opposite them, Theo huffed, as if already exhausted at the sound of all that socializing. "Count me out."

"You like chess," Harry pointed out. "I've seen you read books on it."

Theo didn't respond.

"One game," Harry begged.

"No challenge," Theo muttered into his book, "if I'm playing against you."

Neville bit his lip, trying not to laugh.

"You've never seen me play chess," Harry frowned. "I might be a natural." Theo gave him that scathing 'you're an utter imbecile and I don't know why I talk to you' stare, and Harry sank. "Fine."

"Ron's good at chess," Neville added. "Really good, actually. He's given up on playing most of the first years, to be honest, but the third and fourth years don't like it if he wins, so they tend to only play him once or twice."

Theo looked up at Neville and cocked a brow. He was silent for a moment, thinking. "If he agrees."

Neville beamed. "Great!"

Theo ignored them both and returned to his book.

Neville grinned. "Come on, lets get our winter cloaks and go outside. It's stopped snowing for a bit. Maybe a snowball fight?"

Harry shrugged and nodded, closing his book. "Alright, let me just check this out."

They were at the librarian's desk, being scowled at by Madam Pince when they walked in. Snape entered the doors, alongside a tall, dark skinned man with a calm and confident gait.

Next to Harry, Neville squeaked nervously, sucked in a great breath and then held it until his face turned purple. The man spotted Neville and smiled, stepping over.

"Hello, Neville," the man says, eyes glittering happily. "Good to finally meet you in person."

Neville blinks, startled and nervous. "H-h-hello, uh, hi, I..." Neville's words died, he stared over at the man, as if he has no idea what to say, where to begin.

Harry can tell with one look at his friend, that Neville has worked himself into a mess of nerves over this meeting and that he has lost all confidence. That he's going to be a babbling mess without intervention.

Harry quickly turned to the man. "Hello, sir. You must be Auror Shacklebolt. Nice to meet you."

The man glanced over at Harry, ready to say hello, then did a double take. He gazed carefully at Harry's hair, his jawline and his chin, then flickered back to Snape with a sudden dawning understanding. A dozen different memories and conversations seem to click together in his head.

"Oh," Kingsley Shacklebolt said, blinking in astonishment, he glanced back at Neville, who is blushing bright red.

It hit Harry then.

Neville never said anything.

It was somehow as heartwarming as it was astonishing.

Neville said to Harry that he'd told Shacklebolt all about Harry, about his best friend, about how Harry had helped him with his Gran and Great Uncle. But never once did he even so much as hint at the "secret" that had been doing the rounds all over school. Neville had been trading letters with Kingsley Shacklebolt for weeks and somehow managed to keep the biggest gossip in Hogwarts from him.

It was such a shockingly powerful display of loyalty and friendship that Harry felt his chest warm with pride at his friend.

Neville is spending far too much time around Slytherins, Harry realized quite suddenly. Keeping a secret this big from an Auror couldn't be easy.

Snape gave Neville an appraising and approving look that makes Harry wonder if he's thinking of giving out House points for subtlety.

Shacklebolt recovers his posture quickly. He doesn't seem to be angry at Neville at all, just quietly intrigued. "Nice to meet you too, Mr Potter." The Auror said. "I see you two were headed off. If you're busy, I can--"

"No! Wait! Uh..." Neville choked, then blushed bright red. "I... uh... y-you could..."

Harry didn't have to guess what his friend was feeling, not just because it was written all over his face.

It was hard to ask for something when you'd spent your whole life being told you were worthless and didn't deserve anything more than you were reluctantly given. He also suspected that, being raised by two elderly relatives who chastised him bitterly for every muddy shoe and scraped knee, one of Neville's lifelong dreams had to be running around throwing snowballs with his father.

Neville would never have that with his biological father. Kingsley Shacklebolt might be the closest he'd ever had--

"Snowball fight!" Harry jumped in quickly, determined to save his friend before he spontaneously combusted. "Uh, we were going to go have a snowball fight. Maybe you could--if you're not too tired, I mean--you could join us?"

Shacklebolt smiled, a slow, knowing look, full of kindness and appreciation. "Sounds lovely. I have spent far too much time at a desk today."

Neville puffed up with relief. A tentative smile prickled at his lips. He shot a grateful look at Harry.

"Will you be joining us, Professor?" The Auror said, suddenly, turning to Snape.

The Potions Master froze, eyes wide with astonishment. "I'm sorry?"

Kingsley Shacklebolt has a suspiciously innocent look on his face as he smiled at the Professor. "Will you be joining us? It hardly seems a fair challenge if it's just me against Neville and Harry. I don't suppose you could be persuaded to even up the numbers. Myself and Neville, against you and Harry."

Snape looked immensely reluctant. His expression became guarded. He watched Kingsley Shacklebolt with barely-concealed caution.

Clearly, he wasn't too thrilled at the prospect of spending more time with the Auror.

"No?" Shacklebolt said. "Oh well. Understandable. I suppose you've less stamina than during our first encounter. I hoped for a rematch... of a sort. From what I remember, we were interrupted."

Snape's eyes widened with unveiled shock. His mouth opened for a second before he snapped it shut again and tried to compose himself.

They've met before?

Shacklebolt kept going, as if he hadn't noticed Snape's surprise in the least. "Well, never mind. I guess it was a silly thought. Teaching and brewing being rather sedentary by nature. You're out of practice, I expect."

The shock swept suddenly from the Professor's face and cold, hard outrage and determination took its place. "I think you'd be surprised, Shacklebolt."

The Auror shrugged shrugged dismissively and Snape's jaw tightened. "Harry," the Potions Master snapped, "where's your winter cloak?"

"Uh, it's, uhm," Harry stammered, eyes wide, "d-dorm."

Snape nodded once and glared at Shacklebolt. "We'll meet you at the entrance hall," he said without hesitation, then turned and walked away.

The very brief whisper of joy that spread through his veins gave way to dread as he watched Snape storm determinedly for the door, as if preparing for battle.

#

Once they were outside and his son was properly dressed, Severus transfigured an ice wall out of snow, with a window for Harry to aim from, then he began casting an old, once-familiar charm to slowly form a giant pile of snowballs out of the nearby snow.

His mind wandered as he worked. Back to that ominous conversation with the Auror.

Shacklebolt.

How on earth could he possibly know it was Severus that fought him that night, all those years ago? It was impossible. Severus was wearing a mask, surrounded by other Death Eaters. He fled before he could be caught. It was months before he began his spy-work.

A guess, perhaps? Maybe Severus's attitude gave it away today. Perhaps he hesitated; made Shacklebolt realize that they must have dueled at some point.

No. Severus had been careful. He was sure of it.

But how else could he possibly know?

"Uh, sir?" Harry interjected. "Will we really need that many?"

Severus paused in his work and glanced down at the admittedly overwhelming pile of snowballs. "Lesson one; preparedness is a predictor of the outcome of any battle. Never go into a fight ill-equipped."

Harry gave him a look, cautious and slightly concerned. "O-kay..."

Severus turned his wand on Harry and cast a color changing charm on all his clothes, until they were as white as the snow. "Lesson two; evasion is a key skill of any adept fighter, it is how you escape a battle alive or keep your opponent off-balance," Severus said. "Color changing charms are a rather crude attempt at camouflage, but suitable for the moment. We will go over the numerous spells suitable for evading detection of the enemy over the summer. Disillusionment, invisibility, etcetera. I have planned the curriculum around it. How to adapt to an environment and utilize it best for survival and battle."

Harry's eyes widened. "O-oh, um... great?"

Severus set a few spells around their shoes. "Lesson three; stealth could save your life. Silencing charms on your feet and clothing are one basic tool, but the competent know to also set spells on their shoes to keep them from leaving footprints or, in our case, slipping into the snow. Never announce your presence when you could whisper it. In this case, we will use the so-called 'walk on water' spell. I'll teach it to you another time."

"Now, lesson four; never approach a dangerous situation without a plan of action. If you have even a few seconds to strategize, utilize them well. If you haven't time to prepare a plan, create one as you hold your opponent off. It helps to have a prepared list of preferred strategies to choose from in advance. We'll go over that more this summer. For now, I think the best course of action is to divide them. You will remain here, engage Mr Longbottom in a fight while I take on Shacklebolt. Wherever possible, try and remain in the safety of the barrier. Be careful not to underestimate him. We don't know what they've got planned. Shacklebolt is a skilled fighter and I'm sure he's got a trick or two up his sleeve. He'll likely have advised and prepared Longbottom."

"Uh, sir..." Harry hesitated, watching him carefully. "You're taking this very... seriously."

"Of course," Severus replied, frowning. "I don't waste valuable learning opportunities when they're presented to me. No matter how absurd the circumstances."

Harry swallowed. "Uh, okay... why do you know a spell that makes snowballs?"

Severus paused, then smirked faintly. "Your mother taught it to me," he hesitated. "Well, I say 'taught', in truth your mother mastered it one winter in our third year, when we stayed at Hogwarts for Christmas, and utterly decimated me in every skirmish until I managed to memorize the spell by watching her. I still don't know where she found it."

Harry's eyes widened. "R-really?"

Severus lifted a brow. "If you believe I'm competitive, you should know that I paled in comparison to Lily Evans. She was utterly ruthless."

Harry pursed his lips, a small grin tugging at his lips. "It sounds like you had fun."

Severus huffed at the memory. "I did, surprisingly. She used to call me an old man in disguise and threaten me until I was forced to leave the library, or whatever classroom I'd procured for potions practice, and go outside, but I'm glad she did."

Harry blushed guiltily at that, apparently the words resonated. Severus had a feeling they would. His son appeared to have inherited his own tendency toward hyper-focusing on a task to the detriment of socialization and wellbeing.

It felt like an age since Severus had done this. He and Lily played it every Christmas, until his fifth year. Lily usually stayed with Severus for the holidays, so he wouldn't be left alone, and she knew exactly how to keep him from wasting away in the library surrounded by potions texts. She noted down the results of every snowball fight and gloated about her superiority until he felt compelled to prove her wrong. He'd never quite managed to catch up to her high score.

His chest ached with the memory.

It was painfully nostalgic to recall it, but somehow the pain didn't ache with sorrow, the way it normally did. It ached instead with something grateful and determined.

Severus looked at his son. Lily's green eyes stared back at him, watchful and familiar.

"Your mother once told me, during a snowball fight," Severus said gravely, "'I will crush you like a bug and laugh at whatever remains'. She proceeded to do so with terrifying barbarity. I don't expect you to achieve the same level of mercilessness--few can--but do try and channel that spirit, if you can manage. We want an indisputable victory."

Harry gave him an odd look. "Right..."

"Shacklebolt! Are you prepared?" Severus called to the barren white.

A voice called out, seemingly from every direction, with no one source.

"Ready whenever you are, Professor," Shacklebolt drawled.

"An echo charm," Severus smirked at the subtle genius of it. "Clever man." One little second year charm to prevent Severus from tracking his location. Most wizards wouldn't have the cunning to think of it. Always looking for the most complex spell to add to their armory. This would be an interesting fight. He turned to Harry. "Are you ready?"

"Uh, yeah?"

"Then, let's begin!" Severus called. He cast a disillusionment and slipped away from the wall.

He crept from the shelter, moving slowly so that the camouflage of the disillusionment wouldn't show. They were surrounded by trees. A thick layer of snow beneath their feet. The silence was heavy. Oppressive. Like a weight on his chest.

The air was still humid, despite the cold. The spells on his feet prevented any noise or footprints, but he still took every step as if it would announce him.

He watched the tree-line carefully. Analyzed every bump in the terrain between them. Searched for footprints, for the shimmer of disillusionment, for the sound of Shacklebolt's breaths.

A ball of white hurled toward him. He ducked. Barely managed to avoid it. His footing slipped and his hand sank into the snow as he steadied himself.

Shit.

Then came another. From the opposite direction.

Severus bolted for the tree-line, snowballs flew from every direction. Twisting and turning in the air. Their origins unknown. Seeming to appear from nowhere.

Merlin, where was Shacklebolt?

Severus made it to cover unscathed, just barely, then settled his breathing and tried to clear his head.

The silence began to settle again. The creeping quiet.

The snowballs had appeared from nowhere, appeared to be coming from every direction, as if a dozen attackers were flinging them at once.

That was obviously untrue. An illusion. But how was Shacklebolt doing it? What spell was it?

Severus licked his lips, feeling something kindle inside his chest that he hadn't felt in years.

Excitement.

The thrill of a challenge.

Oh, this will be fun.

#

Harry wasn't entirely sure what was going on in the clearing, but it looked like Shacklebolt was taking this whole snowball fight as seriously as Snape was. Harry wasn't sure whether that was a good thing or not that Snape had company in his over-competitiveness.

And apparently my mum was even more insanely competitive, Harry realized, remembering Snape's words.

"Nev?" Harry called into the silence. The clearing was quiet now. "You there?"

Quiet.

Harry fiddled with the snowball in his hand.

Maybe Neville was off hiding somewhere from the insane adults. He could count on his friend for a level head. Maybe they could both hunker down inside with hot chocolate and a book, waiting out the end of the weird Shacklebolt-Snape snowball death match.

He sighed, eyeing his discarded satchel.

Well, it wasn't as if he was doing anything else but sitting around and waiting, he might as well do some reading.

Harry flung the snowball aside and reached for the bag.

Then a mound of snow to the right of the wall burst like an explosion, revealing a strange creature with snow-white skin, hair and clothes. It belted a war cry and began throwing snowballs at Harry at a rapid pace.

After the sixth hit, Harry realized he recognized the creature.

"NEVILLE?!"

Neville grinned maniacally and picked up a big ball of snow, then dumped it on Harry's face.

"I'm confiscating this!" Neville called, as Harry was still flicking snow out his eyes. When Harry finally opened them, Neville was gone, and so was his satchel.

"WHAT!" Harry jumped to his feet just in time to see Neville dashing for the clearing, laughing like an evil maniac.

#

Severus walked carefully through the tree-line, looking for signs of Shacklebolt.

The spell the Auror used before seemed to give the sense that there were multiple attackers, throwing snowballs from multiple locations. Knowing that was untrue, Severus suspected two possibilities. The first was that the spell somehow redirected the snowballs and launched them from several different locations. The second was that Shacklebolt had set up several different locations across the tree-line where the snowballs could be launched.

Until he figured out the truth, the clearing was No Man's Land.

Severus wordlessly applied the echo spell, to distort the perceived location of his voice and licked his lips.

"I don't suppose you'd be willing to share that spell with me?" Severus drawled.

"Afraid not," came the echoing reply. "You'll have have to figure it out the way I did. The hard way."

Severus hadn't expected anything, but the longer he kept the Auror distracted in conversation, the more he could learn. "Forgive me," he said. "I've been wracking my brain, but I cannot recall how we would have seen each other before, outside of the school."

The Auror chuckled. "'Seen' might not be the words I'd use," the man admitted. "But I recall our duel." Shacklebolt's calm voice echoed through the trees. "You left a lingering impression."

Severus's mouth felt dry.

He didn't reply. Waited for the man to continue. To explain how he'd recognized Severus. What had happened to give him away.

Whether the man was planning to make him suffer for it.

He seemed amicable enough, nice enough, but so did Albus Dumbledore.

When a long, tense silence fell, Severus decided to shift the subject. He wasn’t sure he wanted to keep reminding the Auror of the night of their first encounter.

Nor was this the place for such a discussion.

"I'll admit, I hadn't expected an Auror to be so familiar with spells designed for children's games."

There was a chuckle, echoing through the wintery silence. "Second runner up in the Annual Auror Snowball Competition, fourth year running."

Severus balked. "The what?"

"Oh, yes," Shacklebolt replied. "It's not official, of course. We just like to call it that. It's Mad-Eye's idea of team bonding. He's decimated us every year since he started it in 1980."

1980.

Oh, Merlin. "Lily?"

"Yes," Shacklebolt replied, sounding amused. "We have her to thank for that. Mad-Eye spotted her utterly destroying James, Remus and Black in a snowball fight in the winter of 1979 and decided it was a useful training technique."

Severus snorted.

Of course.

Severus could clearly imagine Mad-Eye Moody, taking the core rules of Lily's highly aggressive, obscenely competitive snowball fights and transforming them into a Battle Royale with thirty Aurors in a dogfight for the top spot.

It was as hilarious as it was terrifying, and somehow a perfect nod to Lily's memory.

"I take it Moody adopted Lily's rules?" Severus said, smirking.

"He did," Shacklebolt answered, and Severus could hear the grin in his voice. "One hit and you're 'dead'. Are you in?"

Severus's eyes glinted. "Of course," he said. "May the best wizard win."

"I intend to."

Severus barely cast the Protego in time. Three snowballs crashed into the shield and the Potions Master ducked behind a tree, controlling his breathing and casting his disillusionment charm again, in case the strength had faded.

How was Shacklebolt finding him?

Severus' disillusionment was near-perfect, compared to most, but the Auror clearly had experience in seeing through them. Severus was at a disadvantage here, in that respect.

He needed to find a way to put the Auror on the defensive, rather than constantly reacting to Shacklebolt's attacks.

He needed to make an advantage. Create a diversion. Lure the Auror out.

What would Lily have done?

His mind flicked back to their fourth year, the fight he'd almost thought he won, before Lily turned the tables, laying in wait for him to drop his guard.

Severus grinned, readying his wand.

#

Despite his better judgement, Harry followed the mad cackling of his friend into a wooded area a little way from Snape and Shacklebolt. Neville darted between trees, snow-white from his hair to his feet, carrying the brown satchel on his shoulder while Harry gave chase.

"Nev! What the hell?!" Harry cried out as his friend once again darted out of his reach and flicked snow in his face. Harry was a fast runner, faster than his friend, usually, but all those Widditch and Football matches after class seemed to have given Neville some stamina, because he was somehow managing to outlast Harry through determination and spite alone. "Give it back!"

"NEVER!" Came the breathless reply, then the Gryffindor kicked some snow at Harry.

Harry burst with a laugh, halting to clutch his side. "You're bloody mad!"

Neville grinned the most devious smile Harry had seen on his usually mild-mannered friend. Somehow, the expression was more terrifying on Neville than it was on Draco. "You want your precious satchel back, you've gotta fight me for it!"

"Oh, come on, Nev--"

"Nope!" Neville grinned with cheeks blushing faintly rosy under the color change spell, the delight clear and sparkling in his eyes as he huffed for breath, and suddenly Harry got it.

He suddenly understood what was going through Neville's head.

Harry suddenly understood why his mum had acted so competitive in her snowball fights with a young Snape, goading him into running around outside in a mad, snowball battle.

He and Snape needed people like Lily Evans, Draco Malfoy and Neville Longbottom to keep them from languishing in a library or a potions laboratory 'til the end of days.

Slowly, Harry leaned down and scooped together some snow into a ball and Neville rushed to do the same. "You asked for it," Harry said with a grin.

The fight quickly devolved from running around throwing and dodging snowballs to just dumping snow on each other’s heads and shoving into the cushioned ground.

Neville grew too exhausted to cackle maniacally, but continued playing ‘villain’ until he was laying in the snow, panting and unable to move.

Harry collapsed onto the ground next to him and grinned. “I haven’t had that much fun in...” Harry paused, “ever.”

Neville laughed hoarsely. “Me neither.”

Harry turned and looked at his friend out the corner of his eye. “Thanks, Nev.”

Neville’s mouth twitched with a smile. “For stealing your satchel?”

“Well... yeah, I suppose.”

“I’ll have to do it more often then,” Neville said. “Draco would probably help me if I told him it was for your own good.”

Harry gasped in fake horror. “When did you get so... Slytherin?”

Neville grinned. “Learned from the best.”

“Who? Me?”

“Theo.”

Harry snorted loudly. “Of course.” He sat up. “Come on, I want to watch the Shacklebolt-Snape Snowball Death Match.”

Neville laughed a wheezing, exhausted sound and tried to sit up. “I can’t move.”

Harry chuckled and held out a hand to his friend.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello all!

    Hope you liked the chapter. Don't ask me what corner of my brain decided to write this, it was very insistent and would not take 'no' for an answer. Hopefully it came across okay

    Thank you to everyone who left a comment or a Kudos. You have no idea how much I appreciate it, even if I am extremely bad at replying.

    I'm going to need some extra time, so the next update will be in four weeks, on the 13th August.

    Hope you're all safe and well!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 32
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

It took Severus ten minutes to find the launchers.

He walked slowly, treading with care through the quiet and shelter of the tree-line. Waiting for the attack.

His foot fell and he heard the faint swish echo through the trees. Three snowballs hurled toward him. He stepped back twice and watched them barely miss him.

He remained very still.

His eyes trailed, following the trajectory of the snowball to it's source.

A tree.

He lifted his wand and carefully levitated some of the branches out of the way.

Giant sacks, spelled with Notice-Me-Not charms and hanging, camouflaged within the foliage of the tree, waited, holding nearly a hundred snowballs. A charmed launcher, set with a trigger spell.

Severus felt a slow grin spread across his face.

Of course.

They were linked to pressure sensors on the ground.

He could have kicked himself.

The Auror knew that he'd use the walk-on-water charm, and, though the charm did allow one to walk above the snow, it still issued light air pressure on it. The Auror must have distributed invisible pressure sensors on the ground, which would aim a snowball directly for the target, from a nearby launcher, when triggered by the feeling of pressure.

The more that Severus ran and fled, the more he triggered the release on the launchers. A simple enough trap, and he'd walked right into it. Quite literally.

Severus had to admit, he could see Moody's point about this exercise being good practice. It forced one to think outside the box, utilize tools that a wizard wouldn't usually consider.

Defense and dueling always turned into a battle of who could release more vicious spells most quickly, this prevented direct assault and therefore encouraged one to be more inventive in their attack. By leaving only one tool for direct attack, the participants had to work at training their ability for indirect attacks.

Perhaps he should add something similar to the summer defense training. It would be good practice in creative problem solving for Harry.

Severus twisted on the spot, gazing across at the trees, trying to gauge how many more launchers could be hidden there.

There were likely too many of them to deactivate one by one. It would be exhausting work and ultimately pointless, as it distracted from the main objective: defeating Shacklebolt.

He had to remove the threat and put Shacklebolt on the defense, in one fell swoop.

Snape aimed his wand at the ground ahead of him, where the pressure sensor lay and swept the snow away from it. Leaving only a light cover beneath. Then he stepped forward and waited.

Nothing.

Severus grinned as an idea formed.

Disturbing the snow erased the pressure sensor.

Shacklebolt likely set most the traps before they began the fight. He would not dare to set more, not this late in the game. Especially if he was under attack, or thought it pointless.

Severus carefully walked back on the path he'd taken, to a felled trunk, and pulled off his winter coat.

Then he began to transfigure the wood.

It was time to lay his own traps.

#

Harry and Neville settled near the ice wall Snape built wrapped up in their cloaks and scarves, watching the empty clearing for signs of life.

"See anything?" Harry asked Neville, as he cast a warming charm at his friend's hands.

"No. I think they're plotting," Neville said. "I heard voices earlier."

Harry hummed and nodded. "Think they're lurking around in the trees?"

"Yeah," Neville said, rubbing his hands together. "I suppose we won't know what's happening until it's all over."

A second later, the ground shook.

The snow in the clearing seemed to drag ominously toward the middle, like a giant sinkhole had opened up there and was pulling everything into oblivion.

Except it wasn't sinking down into a mysterious abyss, it was forging, first into a giant pile, that formed into snowballs, then moving upwards, packing together tightly into a circular structure that surrounded the pile. The snow turned to hard ice--built and built, taller and taller--until it looked like a smaller version of one of the Hogwarts turrets, with a viewing point at the top, where they saw a shadowed figure appear, as some invisibility spell wore off. The figure in black stood proudly, unmoving, staring out at the clearing below, where the snow cover had thinned substantially.

Neville and Harry stared in awe.

"Harry," Neville said, "did your... did Snape just build a giant ice tower?"

Harry nodded faintly.

An echoing voice chimed through the clearing. "I see you figured out the pressure sensors," Shacklebolt said, voice smooth, with a touch admiration in it. "That was faster than I expected."

"You're not as original as you like to think," Snape replied easily, his voice echoing through the space. "One of Moody's ideas?"

Shacklebolt chuckled. "Well, he has won the AASC ten years in a row. You pick up a few tricks, playing against Moody. Couldn't resist trying a few of them myself."

Snape hummed. "I'll be interested to see what else you've got," he said, then the dark figure inside the top of the tower moved behind a wall and snowballs shot out from the arches scattering across the clearing, in every possible direction. Almost a hundred, all at once.

Harry couldn't see Kingsley Shacklebolt but he did hear a voice grunt faintly as the Auror appeared to desperately dash for safety.

"Damn," Harry murmured to himself, "I am not looking forward to summer defense training."

"What was that?" Neville asked.

"Nothing."

#

Training Harry's spell radius and endurance would also need to be added to the list of things to do this summer, Severus decided, as he slunk through the clearing, laying his own series of sensors, while the Auror was distracted in his fleeing. Or perhaps the next summer.

It took painstaking practice and tireless work to be able to so easily pull off such an immense feat of transfiguration and charms work from this distance, but few could, after doing such a thing, continue to cast the sheer magnitude of traps and charms he was now. People often underestimated him in that regard.

Severus had trained himself to last days under fire. One feat of immense transfiguration and charms work from a distance of forty meters away was nothing by comparison.

Shacklebolt's pressure sensors would be gone now that Severus built the tower out of the snow cover, and Shacklebolt was finally on the defensive, no longer the attacker. So Severus went about setting pressure sensors on the ground and alerts on the walls of the siege tower, wards around structure to prevent it being hit by fire or destructive spells. A whole arsenal.

Now that the No Man's Land was under Severus's command, he could start luring the Auror out of hiding.

Shacklebolt's experience was an advantage to the Auror. That was true. He had trained with Moody, and that no doubt gave him an edge in this battle.

But what Severus had was the element of surprise. A Slytherin mind and a ruthless aptitude for spellwork across every field, honed to perfection, and he intended to use it well.

He felt the first of the alerts sound on the opposite side of the clearing, as Shacklebolt unknowingly walked right into one. Snowballs shot from the tower, spelled to avoid Severus. They gave the appearance of scattering, but half a dozen aimed straight for the position Shacklebolt had triggered.

He smirked and approached the tower, keeping himself out the line of sight of Shacklebolt as he transfigured a door out the ice, then slipped inside and reformed it into a wall.

At the bottom of the tower was the giant armory of snowballs, in its thousands. Transfigured, set with trigger charms and ready to be launched again.

Severus felt another sensor trigger again, and the ones atop the pile twitched to life. The next hundred snowballs flew into the air toward the top of the tower and sped from the arches, scattering or heading for Shacklebolt. Then, Severus began to climb the ice stairs to the top of the tower, to wait for the Auror's next move.

Shacklebolt hadn't a clue what he was up against.

#

There was a pop. Harry looked down to see a tray of hot chocolate had appeared between him and Neville, and a large blanket.

Neville blinked at them in shock. "Are the House Elves watching the Shacklebolt-Snape Snowball Death Match?"

"Seems like it," Harry said, picking up a hot chocolate. Personally, he couldn't blame them. This was better than Quidditch.

He wondered if Jiffy was watching too, bundled up warm in scarves, blankets and jumpers she'd knitted herself, watching from one of the towers or the windows and sipping at a cup of tea.

Neville picked up his own hot chocolate, then they laid the blanket over themselves and continued watching as snowballs launched out the tower at random intervals, with no discernible pattern.

"Oy, snakie-kins," came a voice from behind as two sets of footsteps crunched through the snow.

"Any clue why a giant siege tower--"

"--made entirely of ice--"

"--just appeared out of nowhere?"

The Weasley twins appeared beside them, staring at awe as the snowballs launched again at the ground below.

Neville sipped at his hot chocolate and replied. "Well, the DMLE's third ranking Auror came for a visit and, uh..." he pointed in the direction of the tower, "this is what happens when you challenge Snape to a snowball fight... apparently."

The twins' eyes widened in disbelief and their jaws dropped. They watched the next round of frozen ammunition launch from the tower.

"Merlin..." said one twin.

"I'm impressed," said the next.

"You think he'd be in for giving lessons?"

"Coz I'm definitely up for that."

Harry snorted. "Your funeral."

There was a whoosh as another set of snowballs launched from the tower and Harry spotted the now-thin snow-cover somewhere distantly ahead scatter as Shacklebolt had probably had to throw himself away from the oncoming assault, and barely avoided it.

"A-are you okay, uh, K-Kingsley?" Neville called nervously into the clearing, as the twins took a seat beside them.

"Yes!" Came a breathy reply, echoing through the clearing.

"There is always the option of surrender, Auror Shacklebolt," said Snape from his high tower, sounding particularly smug.

Shacklebolt chuckled. "So soon? What would be the fun in that?"

"I must agree," Snape said, then the snowballs launched once more and there was the faint sound of the Auror swearing as he barely avoided being hit. "I am finding this exceptionally amusing."

Harry could have swore he heard Shacklebolt chuckle breathily in reply.

Then everything grew eerily silent.

They watched, rapt, waiting for any sign of life.

The clearing is perfectly still. The air was thick with a chill of anticipation. The hush felt suspicious, calculating, like the air before a storm.

None of them dared speak. They watched carefully, searching the tree-line and the ground of the clearing.

There was a rustle of two birds taking off from a nearby tree, and chirping faintly as they flew. Then silence.

Harry heard Neville inhale, and when he looked over at his friend, he found him grinning and watching something in the sky, with complete awe.

"What is it?" Harry asked.

Neville smirked like he was in on a private joke. "Did I ever tell you where Kingsley went to school?"

"Uh, no... it wasn't Hogwarts?"

Neville's eyes sparkled as he grinned. "Nope," he said, with a beaming pride. "Uagadou."

"Oh, Merlin..." said one of the twins, a realization striking.

"What?" Harry asked, confused.

The twin's eyes quickly searched the clearing with new eyes and spotted something in the sky, circling above the tower. "Well... fuck. That should make things interesting."

#

A dark figure in a black cloak settled against the wall of the siege tower, waiting for attack. Waiting for the Auror to finally make his move.

It was too quiet.

Severus could feel the Auror was scheming something, but no sensors had activated in some time.

Either Shacklebolt was biding his time, or he'd found a way around them. Either way, Severus needed to be ready for the other wizard to finally try and take charge of the situation.

It would be near-impossible for the Auror to find a way to scale the tower so quickly, without tripping his sensors or wards. Even the most talented wizards in history struggled to fly or float without a broom. The only wizard who Severus knew capable of it was the Dark Lord.

But Severus needed to be ready anyway.

The wizard had been up against Moody for ten years, he was not to be underestimated.

The silence felt like an omen. A strange foreboding trickled up the Potions Master's spine. A sense of unease.

As if he were prey being hunted.

Circled by a predator.

Severus kept himself concealed and carefully flicked his wand, sending a fresh array of snow shooting from the depths below and out of the arches of the siege tower, scattering toward the clearing.

He saw a great shadow swoop on the left side of the tower and it felt as if his heart had dropped suddenly into his stomach.

He barely had time to process before he spotted it diving for one of the arches.

An eagle.

Bigger than any he'd ever seen before.

With a wingspan of six feet, fierce orange eyes and great long talons, clutched around a snowball.

The thing dove for the opening, wings tucking into its sides to fit through. As the beast was half-way through the arch, it released the snowball, sending it careening toward the dark figure in a black winter coat, leaning against the wall.

The snowball hit, with a soft thud, and the giant eagle transformed into a smug Auror.

A very briefly smug Auror.

When Shacklebolt spotted the transfigured wooden dummy wearing Severus's cloak, his whole body tensed. The Auror's knees bent, ready to launch into the air once more in his Animagus form, and flee, but it was too late.

Severus was one step ahead.

From his spot against the wall, disillusioned from sight, a smirking Severus snapped his wand once... and the open arches of the tower closed over with ice, trapping the Auror inside.

Another flick of his wand--while the Auror tried to ready a Bombarda spell at the thick ice--launched a hundred snowballs from the depths below.

Shacklebolt managed to turn toward the assault in time, wand raised.

He barely raised his shield in time.

A barrage of snow was dashed itself against the invisible barrier. Unrelenting. Not giving him a chance to drop the shield. Not giving him a chance to cast a second spell and escape.

Severus smirked and lifted his wand as the first barrage was depleting and wordlessly cast the next.

It would only be a matter of time before the Auror's efforts failed. Basic Protego's only held for so long, without being recast.

"You're an animagus?" Severus said, making sure his voice echoed, so his location was not revealed, as he watched the Auror shift his attention on the tower around him as he held off the barrage with his Protego. Looking for Severus.

The Auror grunted. "Since I was fourteen," he said, eyeing the walls; calculating, searching.

Severus frowned. "The legal age for Animagus training is seventeen."

At that, Shacklebolt actually smirked. "In Europe it is."

Suddenly, everything clicked.

Shacklebolt was not much different in age than him, but he'd never seen him at Hogwarts. The way he moved when they'd first dueled had struck him as different than others he'd battled. Shacklebolt was more agile and practiced in hand-to-hand combat. The way he talked of European wizards suggested a good deal of time spent abroad, in non-European countries.

Perhaps one country, in particular, in which a school famously specialized in self-transfiguration.

"Uagadou," Severus murmured, "you went to the Uagadou School of Magic?"

The school was notorious. Better than Hogwarts for education by many, many measures. Probably the best in the world, but generally ignored by the idiots in Europe whose blatant racism, xenophobia and bigotry towards other cultures and religions tended to cause them to look down on the Ugandan school.

"The Shacklebolt's have been Uagadou Alumni since long before we moved to Britain," the Auror said, his left hand twitched at his side, eyes still searching the walls, gazing near Severus's location for a second before moving away. "We do things differently there," he said, as he shifted on his feet, his wand holding a Protego up against the newest barrage of snowballs. "We teach the Animagus transformation from thirteen years old, wandless magic, too, but a little know fact about Uagadou..." the Auror licked his lips and a smile prickled at his lips.

Shacklebolt's right hand clutched at his wand, maintaining the Protego, and his other hand reached toward the walk-way where the snowballs launched from below, and then his hand flicked.

Severus was too stunned to stop it.

He saw the snowball veer off course, directed by Shacklebolt's hand.

Directed by Shacklebolt's wandless left hand.

It slapped firmly into Severus's chest, dead center, and Severus blinked, awed by the mere implication of such a feat.

A few seconds later, when the tower was still again and Shacklebolt dropped his Protego, Severus released the disillusionment and stared in stunned admiration at the Auror.

"Uagadou teach wandless magic... ambidextrously?" He said, slowly.

Shacklebolt chuckled. "They certainly try," he said. "Most people haven't a talent for it, myself included. But some of the Uagadou graduates I've met are just as good with their non-dominant arm as they are with their dominant one. This much was my limit, if I am perfectly honest. But it can come in handy. European-trained wizards don't expect it."

Severus had no words.

It was something he'd never even considered.

Why hadn't he ever contemplated it? It made perfect sense to train whatever tools one could. Why only learn to perform magic with the dominant hand, when one was born with two.

Severus had spent a great deal of time learning wandless magic. He had trained himself to a reasonable level of proficiency without a wand, though he never made it public. But he'd never once considered learning to train his left hand.

It was a grave oversight that he'd have to remedy as soon as he had time.

If he ever had free time again. He'd been spreading himself rather thin lately.

Severus blinked away the shock and refocused. "You cast wandlessly, then?"

Shacklebolt nodded. "I can. I tend not to," he said. "Dueling spells work better with a wand, and some get suspicious of those who can cast without a wand. Especially in the Auror service."

Severus knew exactly what the Auror meant. Wands were tools that could be monitored and tracked, which meant they could be used to control the masses. Wizards and witches who didn't need or use wands couldn't be controlled at all. European wizards loathed that. They regarded with hostility any people who couldn't be threatened with the removal of their wands, who couldn't be made helpless by simply being disarmed.

It was one of the reasons, he suspected, why Uagadou was regarded with such reservation. Why the students there were largely deemed as 'dangerous' or 'Dark' by the international community.

Severus knew, without a doubt, that if the Tri-Wizard Tournament ever branched out to include other schools, such as the Uagadou School of Magic, Hogwarts, Durmstrang and Beauxbatons would be outmatched indeed.

Shacklebolt flicked his wand back into his holster and stepped forward, smiling. "Good game," the Auror said. "I haven't had that much fun in a while. I have to admit, you fooled me with the trap. Your mind works a little like Moody's, you know?"

Severus scoffed. "Terrifyingly, I believe I do know. But I cannot claim credit for this particular plot," he admitted. "Lily did something similar when we were at school. The structure wasn't this size, or a tower, but it was still formidable, considering her age. I think she actually deliberately trained her transfiguration in order to suitably destroy me."

Shacklebolt snorted. "I am now imagining what horrors would have befallen us if she and Moody ever teamed up."

Severus preferred not to dwell on it.

Shacklebolt reached forward, holding out his hand. "Perhaps a rematch? Some other time."

Severus hesitated.

He still didn't trust the Auror, but got the sense that the wizard was being genuine, that he didn't hold Severus's past against him, or fault him for the poor decisions he'd made in his arrogant youth.

It was easier to believe that, now that he knew where the Auror had gone to school. The Auror would have received similar suspicion, growing up a student and then graduate of Uagadou, during the war, as Severus had received as a student of Slytherin. They'd both have been considered 'possibly Dark' and 'likely suspicious'.

The fact that Shacklebolt came from a pure-blood House in the Sacred Twenty-Eight did not make him completely free of the constraints of bigotry and prejudice in Wizarding Britain, or mean that he grew up indoctrinated into the idolatry of the saintly Albus Dumbledore.

Perhaps, Severus wondered, they had an ally in Kingsley Shacklebolt after all.

But the mystery of how the Auror had known of their duel... that would continue to haunt the Potions Master. But it would likely be better to stay in the other wizard's good graces, in that case, than continue to try and avoid him.

He cautiously reached forward in kind and shook the Auror's hand. "Yes, I think I can find the time."

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    I hope you enjoyed the conclusion to the wholly unexpected interlude that was the 'Shacklebolt-Snape Snowball Death Match'. I have no idea what corner of my brain decided this was necessary to write, but I really enjoyed writing it, and I'm glad that so many of you enjoyed the last chapter. I hope this one didn't disappoint.

    Thank you so much for all your lovely comments, especially with the last chapter. I've been really blown over by the number of you who got in touch. I'm sorry if I haven't replied yet. I'm terrible at replying to comments, but I always read them when they come to my inbox and they always put a giant smile on my face.

    For those of you interested, the Uagadou School of Magic is actually canon. You can find it on the Potter wiki. I've always found the idea of the Uagadou school teaching wandless magic and self-transfiguration extremely interesting, and I like to think that they're secretly a much better school than this 'big three', but nobody likes to admit it, because they're absolutely terrified of teenagers who can cast wandlessly and turn into panthers (or giant Martial Eagles) at will.

    The next chapter will be up in four weeks, on the 10th September.

    Stay safe and well!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 33
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Christmas Eve was the day that Harry discovered that he and Theo were the worst combination to be left alone together. Apparently they would willingly starve to death in the library, if there was nobody around to remind them they had physical human bodies, with annoying physical needs--like eating and sleeping. This fact became abundantly clear when Madam Pince had to throw Harry and Theo out of the library at dinner when she realized that they hadn't left since she opened it at seven o'clock that morning.

The library doors slammed definitively behind them. "Well," Harry said, still holding a book on Wizengamot by-laws, "I suppose we could read at dinner."

Theo sighed and stared with a subtly longingly look back at the closed library doors.

"HARRY! THEO!" Called a bright and delighted voice.

They turned to see Neville waving happily and bustling down the hall toward them with Kingsley in tow. Neville was beaming as if he'd had the time of his life.

"Hey, Nev," Harry grinned, "you look like you had a good day."

"The best!" Neville said, a manic light in his eyes, "you should have seen the decorations! I've never been to Diagon Alley for Christmas, it's so beautiful! There were candles everywhere and Christmas trees all over! We had mince pies and mulled apple juice and then the best bit, Kingsley took me to get my Christmas present!"

Neville pulled a wand from a new leather holster around his wrist and held it sideways for them to see.

Theo leaned in curiously, admiring the swirling pattern on the handle and the polished pinkish red color of the wood.

Harry sucked in a breath and grinned. "You got a new wand!"

Neville nodded quickly, then chewed his lip nervously. "I was so worried, you know, going inside the shop. I thought that... well, I thought that maybe none of them would p-pick me because I..." Neville's eyes glittered a little and Kingsley put a comforting hand on his shoulder and smiled kindly--a silent wall of strength, standing alongside him, "I thought I wouldn't be w-wizard enough, but..." He looked down at the wand in awe. "It picked me, and not just that, when Mr Ollivander heard that my gran made me use my dad's wand, he was fuming. Apparently my dad's wand is unicorn hair and spruce and they're really loyal to their first owners. It would have been near-impossible to use if my dad had actually... you know, passed on, but Mr Ollivander said there wasn't a chance that his wand would have worked for me properly while my dad's still alive. Plus a spruce wand, for me, would be, well..." Neville winced a little.

Theo nodded knowingly. "Dangerous," he finished. "Your grandmother is an idiot."

Neville snorted. "Yeah, uh, Mr Ollivander said the same but, uh, a lot more explicitly."

Theo smirked.

"Why dangerous?" Harry asked.

"Spruce need a firm, confident hand," Theo said. "Don't match with nervous sorts. Tend to lash out."

"Wow," Harry said, astonished at the lethal lengths that Neville's grandmother was willing to go through in order to fashion him into a replacement of Frank Longbottom. "Uh, well, I'm glad you finally got your wand, Nev."

And that you're no longer carrying a ticking time bomb, apparently.

Neville grinned with reddened cheeks. "Thanks, Harry."

"Was it hard to find a match?" Theo asked with a gleam of interest in his eyes.

Beside Neville, the Auror smirked. "He nearly blew up half the store," Kingsley said, glowing with pride. Theo hummed a reluctantly impressed sound while Neville blushed bright red.

"That's a good thing...?" Harry asked.

"Oh yes," Kingsley said. "It's always harder to find a wand for a more powerful core. There's more issues with compatibility. Ollivander was absolutely thrilled. Cedar and dragon heartstring was the final match."

Theo appeared doubly impressed--which, for Theo, involved a tilt of the head and a considering look at Neville. "Really, cedar?"

Kingsley smirked and nodded. "There was a cherry wand that liked him too, quite literally jumped off the shelf toward him, but Ollivander refuses to give cherry wands to first years. The wood's power is too lethal in untrained hands."

Theo's brows rise very slightly and he watches Neville with new eyes, as if he's just found a lion that's been masquerading as a lamb. It's a genuinely disturbing expression on someone as shrewd as Theodore Nott. Nothing good can come of it.

Harry felt just about brave enough to ask: "What's so important about Cedar?"

Theo sent Harry a significant look and then simply ominously replied: "Never cross a cedar carrier, or anyone they care about."

Kingsley nodded sagely, then beamed at Neville. The Gryffindor's head was dipped and a small, proud smile crept across his red cheeks and he slipped the wand back in his holster.

Neville turned back to his friends with a smile still itching at his lips. "Kingsley and I were headed to dinner and I wanted to stop by tell you guys to eat, because I know how you forget, but I guess you already remembered..." Neville said, and this time Harry was the one to blush.

"Uh, yeah," Harry said.

The Gryffindor narrowed his eyes, suspiciously, but didn't say anything.

Theo took this as his queue to lift a book from his bag and use it as a shield from Neville's accusatory glare.

#

Minerva actually sent Severus a patronus at six o'clock that morning, begging for Hangover cure potion, as if it were a matter of life or death. When he arrived in her rooms she looked like death warmed up, hair in disarray and aged by forty years.

It took three vials to get her to be able to stand up without wobbling and to be able to light the wall sconces without her hissing like a feral cat.

When Minerva returned that evening from a day at Diagon Alley escorting Kingsley and Neville, she didn't look much improved. If anything, her condition had worsened.

"Pissing Goblin shite," Minerva growled under her breath as she collapsed at the dinner table beside him that evening. She, Severus and Albus were the only staff in attendance that dinner--most the rest of the staff had been confined to their rooms and Poppy was still tending to their self-inflicted ailments. "Did you bring it?"

Severus handed her another Hangover Cure. "That's your limit for the day without--"

"I'll tell ye what mah limit is," Minerva snarled, snatching the vial from his hand and downed it abruptly. Her frosted demeanor dipped slightly, then she hung her head in her hands. "I'm sorry Severus."

"You are forgiven," he said magnanimously. "I've been brewing Hangover Cures and Headache Cures all day. I had the displeasure of having to aid Poppy in her duties today and I will admit to being impressed you made it through the trip alive."

"It was either that or have the auld bastard go with them," Minerva groaned, not even mustering the energy to lift her head and glare at Albus where he sat at the other end of the table with the Weasley brood, chortling happily at the twins told stories of mischief. The school tended not to bother with separate tables at Christmas, to prevent food waste, and this was the first year that Severus had been grateful for it. He handed Minerva a Headache Cure and she took it gratefully. "Diagon is hell, Severus. Lights everywhere. The never ceasing stench of cinnamon and spice. I vomited three times. Kingsley covered for me, but I passed out in the Leaky Cauldron for an hour when we stopped for lunch. Merlin help me if anyone else saw. Kingsley told Neville that I was taking a nap."

Severus hummed in false sympathy. He had little pity for people after they drank themselves into illness--it reminded him too vividly of his father's bad habits. "Did Mr Longbottom enjoy his day out?"

That brought a small smile to the suffering witch's face. "They got on so well, Severus. You should have seen them. Neville was nervous at first, but after they'd spent a little time together they were laughing and joking like they'd known each other an age. Kingsley got him a new wand--his Christmas gift. The poor dear was terrified of even stepping inside the store until they talked it through. By the end of it Neville was practically bursting with confidence. You know, I think the poor dear was still half-convinced he was a Squib?"

Severus sighed. "Part of him probably always will fear that to be true. No matter how much evidence is compiled as proof, it is difficult to shake off that sort of internalized belief."

Minerva shook her head sadly, then had a thought and looked at Severus with a gleam of terror in her eyes. "Frank's wand was spruce."

Severus felt a dread curl down his spine. "Augusta gave him a spruce wand. Is she utterly insane?"

"I'm starting to think so," Minerva said solemnly, as Harry, Neville, Theo and Kingsley entered the hall and walked toward the middle of the table.

#

On Christmas morning, Harry woke with a big pile of presents at the bottom of his bed and he felt a strange relief surge through him as he stared at all the names on the gift labels, of friends who'd taken time to get him something for Christmas.

For the second time in Harry's life, he had proper Christmas gifts. Not joke presents given to mock him or make him feel worthless, like old socks or dog biscuits. Real gifts. From real friends who cared about him.

Theo sends him a troubled look from the bed opposite where he has a similarly sized pile of book-shaped gifts waiting for him. "You're not going to cry, are you?"

"N-no," Harry said in choked voice.

They both manfully ignore the wetness in Harry's eyes while he picks up a note sitting at the top of the pile in Snape's handwriting.

'Suspicious items have been removed for inspection. The rest are safe. Happy Christmas. SS.'

Harry snorted fondly and folded the note away, then he and Theo began to open their gifts.

Harry got about three gifts in before he noticed a pattern. Pansy got him a haircare kit from Madam Primpernelle's, Blaise got him a set of three Italian-made shirts in charcoal, emerald and grey and Mill got him a couple sets of football clothes, with shorts and t-shirts. Even the non-Slytherin gifts were on theme. Several people had got him socks, pajamas... Susan Bones got him a pair of slippers.

Harry narrowed his eyes at the presents suspiciously. "Did... did Draco organize a Christmas present list for me or something?"

Theo snorted, reached for something next to him then threw it at Harry's bed, it landed with a bounce. "Tried to get me to buy you underwear."

Harry picked up the book shaped gift with a gleam and grinned, ripping off the paper to reveal a massive tome called 'The Lost Gods and Goddesses; forgotten Pagan deities from across the globe'. Harry sucked in a huge breath. "This is brilliant! Thanks, Theo!"

Theo smirked proudly. "It's not illegal, since it's all technically just theory and history, but I wouldn't go reading it in public."

Harry nodded eagerly, flicking to the first page and admiring the huge contents page filled with the names of various pantheons. He was reluctant to put it down, but he knew that if he didn't, he'd never finish unwrapping the rest of his gifts.

He got a wooden flute from Hagrid and 50p from the Dursleys. The best gift by far was from Jiffy, who had hand-stitched him an entire quilt. It was plush and warm and absolutely perfect for snuggling under in the cold dungeons. It was decorated with triangles and squares of differently colored fabric; blue and green and beige, with stars, suns and moons dotted around in places. It must have taken her months of hard work and Harry got a little tearful at the thought of the little elf toiling away, lovingly stitching it for him.

He wrapped it around his shoulders and snuggled up warm, smiling as he thought of the elf and hoping that she enjoyed the books he got her.

He managed to find another another book-shaped gift in the pile, from Hermione, who apparently also hadn't been cowed into submission by Draco. It was called The Untold History of British Wizarding Politics and Harry was itching to open it up when someone knocked at the dorm-room door.

"Uh, come in?" Harry said uncertainly.

The entrance opened and a dark figure appeared in the doorway. Harry sucked in a breath as obsidian eyes met his.

Snape cleared his throat. "Happy Christmas, Mr Nott, Mr Potter."

"Happy Christmas, sir," Theo replied.

"H-happy Christmas," Harry stuttered.

"I'm afraid there has been a change of plans for the day," Snape said, gazing curiously over at the plush quilt on Harry's shoulders. "A number of the staff have fallen mysteriously ill, including Professor McGonagall. The Gryffindors, as I'm sure you can imagine, cannot be left for an entire day without a member of First-Aid trained staff within screaming distance, so I'm afraid we'll have to relocate to Gryffindor common room in," Snape checked his wrist, "approximately seventy-five minutes."

Theo sank and sighed heavily.

Snape's gaze fell upon Harry. "Mr Potter, may I speak to you in my office? A few gifts of yours appear to have fallen into my possession."

Harry cleared his throat and nodded. "Y-yes, sir."

He scrambled to his feet, grabbing the slippers that Susan Bones had got him and rushing to follow the Professor out the door.

There were very few portraits in the Slytherin common room and dungeons. Draco told him once it was because Snape knew only to keep up the ones that could be trusted to hold their secrets. Harry couldn't help but be thankful for that as they moved through the empty common room and dungeon hallways towards Snape's office. The tap of their shoes feeling conspicuously loud as they walked.

It felt as if, any second, a twinkling-eyed headmaster would appear around the corner, with a false smile and a whole team of Aurors to arrest Snape for performing blood magic.

Harry's heart thudded hard in his chest. Pulsing adrenaline through his veins as his breaths grew shallow and pained.

He took a deep breath and called on his occlumency shields, trying to dim that growing feeling of panic that itched through his throat.

Even as he felt his mind calm, he could feel the waves churning underneath.

They turned the corner to Snape's office and the hall was clear, but the dread still coiled in Harry's stomach like a snake. The Potions Master flicked his wand to pull down the wards and flicked it again to open the door.

Harry didn't realize he'd been holding his breath until they were inside the office and the door snapped shut behind him.

Snape set the wards back in place and watched Harry cautiously. "Are you okay?"

"I... y-yeah," Harry said, "I'm j-just... nervous."

Snape nodded, swallowing hard. "I understand," he said, clearing his throat. "Perhaps something to put your mind off things."

The wizard stepped over to behind the desk and Harry's spotted it, sitting on the left hand side, beside the inkwell.

Harry's heart jumped.

The little snake ornament that he'd gotten Snape.

It was a black cobra with emerald green eyes, and Harry had known it was what he wanted to get the Professor, the minute he saw it in the Owl order brochure. It cost a little more than he should have spent, given that his budget had been constrained by whatever funds he managed to shovel into the coin purse when Hagrid wasn't looking, but the eyes had reminded him of his mum, and the cobra reminded him so much of Snape.

Harry felt a warmth and relief swell through his chest and he stepped closer to the desk while Snape lifted several gifts onto it.

"Are those...?"

"All for you," Snape said, smiling faintly, "something from Lupin, another from the Weasleys, the Malfoys sent a large package that they preferred not to be intercepted by curious sorts, and one more was unmarked... I believe that is from the headmaster."

Harry's brow lifted. "Any spells on it?"

Snape shook his head. "No," he said, picking up the parcel in question, "but I suspect that is not entirely by choice. The item is magical in nature, from what I can tell from testing the package without opening it, and the spells already on it appear incorruptible."

Harry's hands were shivering when he reached forward and picked the parcel from Snape's. Harry cleared his throat and will his nerves to steady. "You think it's some kind of manipulation?"

"Indisputably," Snape replied. "I'm simply surprised he elected not to give it to you in person."

Harry nodded in agreement. Then peeled back the packaging and pulled free the silver fabric within. Snape's breath caught as a cloak emerged. "Merlin," the Professor muttered, "he cannot be serious."

"What?" Harry stared at it. "What is it?"

Snape rubbed his eyes, apparently exhausted at the mere thought. "An invisibility cloak."

Harry froze. "A... what? Is that a... normal gift?"

"They're obscenely expensive, especially in this quality," Snape drawled in reply, "so I think not. I don't even think Lucius would buy something this exorbitant for Draco if his son begged and pleaded for months."

Harry stared at it like a trojan horse, then gingerly folded it up and set it aside on the chair. "Well... it could be useful."

"Definitely," Snape replied as he frowned at something on the floor. He reached forward and picked up a card, then read aloud: "'Your father left this in my possession when he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well.' Well, that's a damned lie."

"You don't think my father owned it?"

"I don't doubt he did, the Potters were filthy rich," Snape said, handing the card over to Harry, "but your parents were literally in hiding for the year before he died. Nobody is idiotic enough to simply give away an invisibility cloak when they're trying to conceal themselves from a Dark Lord. My bet is that it was found among your father's belongings at Godric's Hollow and Albus decided to hold onto it personally instead of returning it to your vault, where it belonged."

Harry swallowed hard. "And you're sure there's no... unwelcome additions to the spellwork or anything?"

Snape hesitated. "I can take a more in-depth look at it if you would prefer."

"I... y-yes, please."

Snape nodded. "Consider it done."

Harry smiled. "Thanks, sir."

Snape waved the gratitude away. "I welcome and encourage your caution. Now, for the rest. We don't want to dally."

Harry picked up the one from the Weasleys next. It was an emerald green sweater, which appeared to have been hand-knitted. He was a little bemused about getting a gift from the Weasleys because, as much as he liked Fred and George well enough, he was still a tad wary of Ron and had only ever heard Mrs Weasley through the train window talking about how Dumbledore had given her instructions to keep an eye out for him.

The gift from the Malfoy's was enormous and technically in two parts. There was a gift from Draco and Aunt Cissa, which was, unsurprisingly, half a wardrobe full of tailored clothes (a cape, summer jacket, two pairs of trousers, three shirts, two pairs of shoes and--humiliatingly enough--underwear).

When Harry stared at it in wordless shock, Snape simply explained: "The Malfoy's don't understand the concept of moderation." Then pushed over the gift from Lord Malfoy.

The box looked smaller, so Harry was fooled, for half a second, into thinking that the Patriarch had gotten him a less expensive gift than his wife and son.

He was completely wrong.

The box was, in fact, an ornately carved, gold-lint engraved shoebox-sized compact library. It was made of mahogany and bronze, with an undetectable expansion charm on the inside, with a built-in magical library catalogue system to organize his collection and had several privacy charms on it.

The lengthy letter from Lord Malfoy explaining that Harry would require a secure place for some of his reading that might be deemed 'unauthorized or unlawful' should forge a password that could not easily be guessed. Then he wrote that he had added several books to the library that he felt 'every ambitious young political figure should have in their collection'.

'Several' to Lord Lucius Malfoy apparently meant 'several dozen'.

"I... I only got them fancy chocolates," Harry said faintly. "I got Draco chocolate frogs and made a joke voucher book. You know, 'one free favor', 'Draco is King for the day' stuff."

Snape gave him a very weary look, as if questioning Harry's sanity. The young Slytherin bristled. "I made terms and conditions," he said in his defense. "I'm not an idiot."

Snape sighed. "The Malfoy's don't usually expect others to match their level of generosity," Snape assured him. "This is their way of lauding their obscene wealth. I think they'd consider any attempts to duplicate as one-upmanship. And they also understand that you haven't access to your Vault right now anyway. They will be happy to know that you sent them anything at all."

Harry nodded and set the box aside with shaking hands. "Uh, right..." He picked up the next gift.

When he ripped free the paper on Remus's gift and spotted the title, he sucked in a breath and grinned. Snape leaned forward and cautiously read the title. "'Technomancy; a complete beginners companion'. You're still interested in Technomancy?"

"Of course," Harry grinned, opening it to the title page. "It sounds so wicked and the course at Fairbairn is one of the the best in Europe, too. The Department Head there wrote the book and everything. I've been dying to get my hands on this."

Snape hummed a suspicious sound. "Please do me a favor and resist bringing the subject up around Professor Flitwick?"

Harry blinked up at the Potions Master. "Uh, okay...?"

Snape nodded, satisfied, then cleared his throat and reached down under his desk again. Harry's heart thundered for a moment, then settled slightly when another parcel emerged in emerald paper. The Professor set it awkwardly on the desk and straightened.

"I got your gift," the Professor said, indicating to the desk, where he'd set the little snake ornament, "it was very thoughtful."

Harry blushed bright red. "Th-that's okay. I'm glad you like it," he said, then swallowed hard and pointed to the gift. "Is that..."

"For you," Snape said, "from me. It's just a little thing."

Harry reached forward tentatively, sliding the parcel across the wooden desk, unpicking the sides of the paper, instead of tearing it, and peeling the wrapping away.

Inside was a book, heavy and full. The pages felt packed out. He brushed his hands over the brand new black leather, engraved on the front with a name.

Lily Potter.

Harry opened it to the first page, and inside...

A photograph. His mother, with her long red hair and brilliant green eyes, in her Hogwarts uniform, still yet to be embellished with the Gryffindor insignia, standing alongside a young boy with long black hair and obsidian eyes, with a scruffier uniform and a tentative smile as Lily Evans hooked her arm in his and beamed delightedly at the camera.

His chest tightened and his eyes burned. "Th-this is..."

"Your mother and I," Snape said, softly. "It was buried in the Dursleys attic somewhere, most of this was. They must have inherited it from your grandparents after they died. Apparently Petunia couldn't bear to get rid of these, even if she couldn't stand to look at them, so she tucked it away in the deepest depths of the attic space. The rest was hidden in my own storage. Jiffy did most the searching and heavy lifting, for obvious reasons, but she was mostly just delighted to have something to do."

Harry turned the page and found a folded out piece of parchment stuck to it. He unfurled it and saw that it was a Potions essay. His mother's essay, in her shaking handwriting, still uneasily working on writing with a quill. It was marked as Outstanding, with a note from the teacher complimenting her 'thorough and complete analysis of the potion's steps'.

"A... a scrapbook," Harry choked, blinking the wetness from his eyes and swallowing the lump in his throat. "Of... M-mum?"

"Yes," Snape replied, quietly. "A lot of people tend to forget about her when they tell the story of James and Lily Potter. I know I don't mention her as often as I should... it can be painful sometimes. But I thought you should know more about her than a picture can give you. I added everything I could. Report cards, essays, letters... I thought you should have them."

"I..." Harry sucked in a shaking breath sniffed, wiping his eyes. "Th-thank you. This is..." he closed the scrapbook and clutched it to his chest, "it's perfect."

Snape exhaled slightly, his eyes shutting briefly and shoulder's slumping with what almost looked like relief. "I'm glad," he said, then his eyes fell upon the clock at the back of his office, then swallowed hard and stepped over to the potions cupboard, releasing the wards before reaching inside and pulling out a cauldron.

Harry felt suddenly ill. He sucked in a sharp breath and his gut clenched like it had been punched.

Snape set it on the desk and silently stepped back, his gaze returning to Harry, noting the palpable dread, the shiver of his breath. "Are you... having second thoughts?"

Harry felt the burn return to his eyes. He clutched the scrapbook tight to his chest and a desperate sound choked from his throat. "I... wh-what if it's not..."

Harry closed his eyes and tried to breathe.

He could feel himself shivering and the tears finally breaking free and streaming down his face.

He couldn't seem to stop it, no matter how much he inhaled and exhaled, no matter how much he tried to occlude.

He hung his head and breathed in and out.

In and out.

In and out.

"I d-don't want to l-lose..." He clutched the scrapbook tighter, "I don't want to be--I--"

He felt a pair of arms wrap around him.

Holding him tight.

A voice hushing him.

The smell of coffee and chemical soap.

"Hush, you silly boy," the Professor whispered, hugging him to his chest, "you really think some silly test makes a difference to me?" He said as Harry's tears soaked into the man's robes. "You're my son, Harry. There's no difference to me if we're blood or not. "

Harry choked out a sound. "B-but... Th-the test--"

"Is a formality," he said, "so that we know how to proceed from here. It will be a far sight easier to eventually get legal custody of you if you are my son by blood, so we should know now if that is the case or not, but you are my son regardless. You have been for a long time now. I should have said it sooner. For that I'm sorry." Snape smoothed his hand through Harry's hair.

A spark lit through Harry and he held his breath, leaning back to look up at the Professor. "Y-you really want custody of me?"

Snape's eyes were glistening very slightly, a small smile on his face that was as happy as it was heartbroken. "Why on earth wouldn't I, you silly boy?"

"I..." Harry didn't know what to say. He wasn't sure why not. He just hadn't been able to picture Snape wanting him so completely part his life. Living together. Responsible for him all the time. "Even if I'm not--"

"Even if you're not," Snape said, with a finality and certainty in his tone that was unwavering. "Though it will be a great deal easier to convince people to grant me custody if you are. Whenever we finally can risk it, that is--I'm aware that it will take a year, at least. That's all this is, Harry. That's the only difference between this potion showing a positive or a negative result. Convincing a bunch of bureaucrats. Regardless of that," Snape set a hand on Harry's cheek, "you're my son, and you always will be. I promise you that. I vow it. Do you understand?"

Harry felt the tears break free again and his face crumple. He sniffed and nodded, closing his eyes tight and burying his head in the Professor's robes again.

Snape held him for several minutes, not rushing him or pressuring him, just hugging him tight as he cried.

After a while, the Professor said: "The potion can wait, you know, until you're ready. I can put it in stasis..."

Harry shook his head and pulled away, wiping his eyes. "I want to do it now."

Snape looked in his eyes, as if to check he was being honest, then nodded and picked up a needle from the desk and handed it over.

Harry exhaled slowly as Snape dragged over the silver potion, tinged with pink. "Three drops," Snape said. "Red is a paternal match, silver is no match."

Harry didn't hesitate. He just held his finger over the cauldron, then poked the needle through his finger and squeezed out three drops.

They sank into the pinkish silver liquid and the young wizard held his breath as Snape held an arm around him.

Harry leaned into the wizard's shoulder and closed his eyes as he waited for the potion to change, inhaling and exhaling, occluding and clearing his mind.

Remembering Snape's words. Snape's promise.

His dad's promise.

Then, Harry opened his eyes.

The potion was red.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    I cried while writing the ending of this, it was such a relief to get it out but so tough to write. Hope you all enjoyed it and that it was a satisfying resolution to some of your burning questions.

    Thanks again for all your lovely comments and kudos. I'm so sorry for being so terrible at getting around to replying, but I read every single one when it arrives in my email and you guys make me so happy. I can't believe how many people have subscribed and clicked kudos for this story, as well, it really bowls me over sometimes.

    I'm going to have a bit of a break and take a six week pause between chapters, so the next one will be out on the 22nd of October. Hope you all enjoy the rest of your summer and the start of autumn, and a happy Mabon to anyone out there celebrating the autumn equinox.

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 34
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“Intruders!”

“Intruders, intruders!”

“Snakes in the lion’s den!”

“Battle stations everyone!”

"Harry! Theo!" Neville beamed, bounding over with the biggest grin as the Weasley twins take shelter behind a sofa, dramatically preparing to defend their honorable House. "Happy Christmas! Happy Christmas to you too, Professor!"

Behind them, Professor Snape returned the sentiment with a great deal less enthusiasm but Harry got the feeling that he was having to try extra hard to keep up his miserable Professor act today, after the potion.

Harry on the other hand, didn't even try and keep himself from grinning madly.

The potion had turned red.

Red.

When he'd seen the result, he burst into tears all over again while Snape hugged him tight. The relief was so overwhelming that he couldn't seem to help it.

Now, Harry couldn't stop beaming.

The warmth of knowing that the Dursleys won't his only family left alive. That they had a decent shot of one day making it official.

He had a dad.

A father.

Someone who cared about him. Who wanted him. Who wanted to be his family.

Harry couldn't help but remember all the years, growing up, that wished with all his heart for a family who wanted him around. Sometimes he wished for the Dursleys to like him or sometimes he wished for someone to come save him.

He remembered the first year that he wrote a letter to Santa Claus, then posted it in a letter box. He quickly learned that either Santa Claus wasn't real, or he didn't care about answering the wishes of freaks like Harry.

Now it was really happening.

The best Christmas gift Harry could ever ask for.

A dad.

Harry knew that Theo was suspicious the minute that he skipped back to the dorm room, practically sparkling with joy, especially since he'd been bristling with nerves before he left, but Harry was of the opinion that it was a worthless job trying to hide too much from Theo. At least the Slytherin had the subtlety not to ask too many questions.

"Neville!" Harry beamed back at his friend. "Happy Christmas! This place looks absolutely brilliant."

"We will never surrender it to you, fiends!" Called one of the twins from behind the tinsel-covered sofa.

"DEATH BEFORE SURRENDER!" Cried the other.

"Mr and Mr Weasley," Snape drawled behind him, "if I am to suffer through an entire day monitoring the welfare of Gryffindors, you will do me the courtesy of not screeching like a pair of howlers."

Fred and George stood to attention and saluted in unison. "Yes, Great Snow-Battle Master, sir!"

"As you wish, Great Snow-Battle Master, sir!"

The Potions Master sighed heavily.

"Happy Christmas," called a familiar voice by the fire. Kingsley stood and walked over with a smile. "Mr Potter, Mr Nott, have you enjoyed your morning so far?"

Harry beamed. "It's great," he said, unable to contain his happiness. "I've never really celebrated Christmas properly before. I was always just kind of by myself. I got so many presents!"

Neville and Kingsley's smiles softened into something grim but understanding at the mention of Harry's rotten upbringing. Then Ron stepped through the door from the dorm rooms in his pajamas, half-asleep and yawning, and froze in shock when he spotted the three Slytherins. He looked very close to backing up the stairs again when he realized that Professor Snape was among them.

Then, Neville cried out: "Oh, Ron! Have you met Theo Nott? He's the one I told you about."

Ron's eyes narrowed, fists clenched and his jaw tensed with determination as he glared over at Theo. "You. Me. Chess match. Now. I'll show you who's sodding well barely average."

Ron stormed over to the other side of the room where a chess board was waiting and began setting up the pieces.

Harry turned to his Gryffindor friend. "Uh, Neville, what was that?"

Neville grinned. "I told Ron that Theo thought that a good chess strategist by Gryffindor standards is 'barely average by Slytherin standards'."

The Slytherins stared at the smug Neville in quiet shock while Kingsley subtly hid a satisfied smile.

Harry leaned toward Theo. "You didn't say that did you?"

Theo slowly shook his head.

"You were thinking it, though, weren't you?" Neville said, a terrifyingly proud and gleeful smile on his face. "Ron wasn't going to play you unless he had something to prove, and you were probably going wriggle out of it because you didn't think he'd be any good. Now you have to, otherwise he'll brag forever about how you were too chicken to play him."

Theo stared at Neville, frozen, looking genuinely stunned for the first time since Harry met him. Then he cleared his throat and smirked a little. "Well played," he said, then began to reluctantly make his way over to Ron.

We really need to befriend more Hufflepuffs, Harry decided. Neville was officially spending too much time hanging around with Slytherins.

#

Severus watched his son laugh with Neville Longbottom. As they played exploding snap and listened to the Weasley horrors exchange tales of their daring escapades.

He watched his son smile, beam with relief and glee, his eyes subtly flicking back to Severus, every now and then, as if to check he hadn't disappeared.

It filled Severus's chest with a joy and dread that he'd never felt before.

Joy, because he knew now that he had a chance. That there might come a day when he would be able to openly call Harry his son. To raise him and care for him the way that Harry deserved. To give him the home that he needed.

Dread, because Severus was starting to realize that he'd never be truly satisfied with anything less.

Severus couldn't go back now. He couldn't just send the boy home to the Dursleys, with nothing but a House Elf for company.

Severus couldn't go back to his empty home at Spinner's End and pretend that solitude was a blessing instead of pure torture.

Since the moment he'd seen that potion fade into red, Severus had felt a terror the likes of which he'd never felt before, thrumming through his veins like a dose of the most potent adrenaline.

Because that was the moment that Severus realized he'd become a parent.

The minute the weight of that responsibility hit him with full, blinding effect.

He had been telling the truth, when he'd said those words to Harry. He would have been his son either way, but the relief and terror of seeing the proof of it, was almost too much to bear.

Severus had learned to keep an iron cage around his heart to keep it safe. For years, he was ruled by the fear of everyone and everything he loved being taken from him, once again, if he let himself care enough to fear losing them.

Now, he had someone to love again.

Someone to lose.

He'd never been more terrified in his life.

It was a fear more dreadful than going to his first Death Eater meeting after betraying the Dark Lord.

A fear more dreadful than walking up those stairs at Godric's Hollow.

He wanted to give Harry everything he deserved. A home, a family, a parent who could support and care for him. But the dread that he'd be lacking, or that he'd never get the chance, or that... that he'd lose Harry. That he'd fail his duty and lose his son just as soon as he'd found him...

He'd never felt more like kidnapping Harry and whisking him away to safety. Changing their names and taking his son somewhere they could be safe.

The only thing that stopped him was the knowledge that nowhere was truly safe from Albus Dumbledore. Headmaster of Hogwarts. Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards.

They'd be hunted to the ends of the earth.

"You look as if you have the weight of the world resting on your shoulders," the Auror said beside him, sipping a mulled apple juice as he sat by the fire.

Severus looked away from Harry and sipped his own drink, wishing, suddenly, for something stronger.

"How is your case for guardianship progressing?" He asked. Not the subtlest change of subject, but he was not in much of a mood for subtlety.

The Auror hummed and settled back, letting the sudden shift go. "Well enough. Augusta is not letting go of Neville's guardianship without a fight, but Minerva and I have been able to compile some proof that she and Algie have been a threat to Neville's welfare."

Severus hummed in reply. "The Goblins will consider that a threat to their business too. If the next in line to a family vaults dies before conceiving an heir, they lose the estate. Augusta only holds the account as Neville's guardian, yes?"

"Yes," Kingsley Shacklebolt sighs. "Neville's Account Manager wants to use the threat of seizing the estate from Augusta, literally throwing her out the Manor until she agrees to give up custody, but Neville hasn't the heart to do it. Neither do I, if I am honest."

Severus could understand, to a point. The woman was clearly unwell, elderly and still grieving her son, but she'd also placed Neville in a position of abuse and gross negligence. Severus was not entirely sure he would be as compassionate in Neville's shoes.

"She tried to cut him off, correct?"

The Auror nodded, sadly. "There's an old law that states that a guardian of an estate can seize total legal control of it if their charge has... a malformed magical core."

Merlin above.

That was the most disgusting tactic Severus had ever heard.

He hissed furiously through his teeth and the Auror looked at him in reply. The fury and grief was clear on his face. The sheer revulsion of using such a tactic, using Neville's own fear of being a Squib against him, was overwhelming.

Severus felt whatever lingering sympathies he had for Augusta Longbottom shrivel and die.

"It was Algie's idea," the wizard said quietly. "He pushed her into it, I believe. It is pointless anyway. Neville got his Hogwarts letter, so he cannot be claimed to be a Squib. Still, that she went along with it at all..."

"Does Mr Longbottom know?"

The Auror nodded sadly. "Algie sent a letter to him at the end of October and told him as much. Used it as a threat to get Neville to back down. He was nearly inconsolable until Minerva explained that the Hogwarts acceptance made the law unusable for his case. That he's able to perform magic and therefore has a healthy magical core. I still don't think he believes her."

No, likely not.

Severus closed his eyes and sighed.

Guardians could be truly brutal in their attempts to maintain control of a child's life. Sometimes not for any desire to protect or care for the child at all, but rather to spite them or whomever wished to give them a new home. Sometimes they cared more for maintaining total control, whether over the child, their money, their happiness or the one's who sought to give them a happy home, than they did the child themselves.

It was horrible to witness, but even more hideous to experience.

"Neville told me that she can keep the estate," Auror Shacklebolt said, a fondness and heartache in his tone, "that he would give it all up in a second. I told him he won't have to, that it's his by right. But I know that he's still convinced that they'll test his core and discover he's a Squib. Nothing I say can convince him otherwise, but I think it will be good for him to meet my sister tomorrow."

His sister the Squib, Severus remembered, then nodded. It probably would.

Neville Longbottom had likely been raised, like most pure-bloods, with the belief that being unable to perform magic was the worst failing that someone could conceive of. That it was tantamount to a death sentence.

In some families it quite literally was.

Most of them had little idea what it looked like, however, to be a true Squib. They failed to understand that those who could perform a spell, any spell at all, were wizards. They failed to understand that there was not a grading scale between the two, that you either had a well-formed magical core which could function healthily and produce magic, or you didn't.

Squib was often used as an insult to mock those who did not have powerful magical cores, but the power of a core had nothing to do with whether or not one was a Squib. Severus had heard stories of powerful magical cores being so misshapen that they could not produce a single spell, and he had seen wizards and witches with only a trickle of a core within their chest, who still flourished at their magical studies by their own determination and resolve.

Either their magic could be accessed, or it couldn't.

Either their core was healthy or it wasn't.

There wasn't an in-between.

"I know you helped Minerva with this," Auror Shacklebolt said, watching Neville Longbottom as the boy slammed down a snap card and the whole deck exploded in their faces. "Approaching the Goblins, using the Clause in Alice and Frank's Will... Minerva said you had some experience in these matters--finding good homes for abused children in your House and others."

Severus cleared his throat. "Somewhat," he said.

The Auror peered at him, quiet and curious. "I met Mr Potter's relatives... during the chaos of the train this year. It was a truly... enlightening experience. Have you had the pleasure?"

Severus snorted. "I knew Petunia growing up," he admitted, not able to reveal the details of the time he'd arrived at the Dursley home, hexed Vernon Dursley and threatened them with unspeakable torment until they agreed to go along with his schemes. "She was a vile, jealous bitch and I don't imagine she's improved much."

"If she has, she must have been truly hideous as a child," the Auror drawled. Then, after a moment of silence he added: "Please do let Mr Potter know that, if he ever requires someone to attest to what the Dursleys consider to be adequate care and provide proof of their unsuitability as guardians of a magical child, or any child, I will be delighted to stand as witness."

Severus tried very hard not to react, but he could feel his brow lift in askance.

"They were particularly... unhappy to learn that my 'ilk' could also be 'freaks', and threatened me with bodily harm, even after I provided proof that I was there on Ministry business. They had some disturbing suggestions on what they hoped had happened to Mr Potter, after I explained he was missing. They also made it abundantly clear that they hoped he never came back, one way or the other."

Severus was not surprised in the least. He licked his teeth and nodded, staring back over at Harry.

He often found himself surprised that his son had survived with such a kind heart and an open mind, after his upbringing with those disgusting beasts.

It would have broken others.

It would have broken Severus.

Growing up, Severus had at least one person who loved him. His mother had sung to him and held him tight when his father turned into a monster. She had read him stories and told him of the spectacular world he would be part of one day. She was not a perfect mother, but she gave him something to aim for. A dream of a magical place where his father could not follow.

Then there had been Lily, whose smile and laughter had kept him afloat as the years crept like a prison sentence that would never end.

Harry had nothing, growing up.

Nobody.

Sometimes, Severus had to occlude the memory of that visit to the Dursleys from his mind to keep from returning to their home and butchering them.

"Oddly, it helped me, I think... meeting them," the Auror said to him, thoughtful as he gazed over at Mr Longbottom. "It reminded me of an Order meeting I once attended. Lily was there. She and Albus were in a disagreement and she made very clear her opinion on his abilities as a custodian of children."

It took all of Severus's skill as a spy not to let his blatant curiosity show. "Indeed?"

The Auror smirked. "She told Albus, to his face and in front of the entire Order, that if he wanted to play General of War he should give up his role of Headmaster, because he had no business trying to forge soldiers and spies out of students."

Severus choked as he forced down the impulse to laugh in shock, but he could not help the proud smile that crept onto his lips.

That was the friend he remembered.

Unbowed.

A heart as brave and unshakable as they came, who saw the world with an empathy and intelligence unlike any other he'd met before.

Until Harry.

Severus's eye turned to his son. The son who'd inherited Lily's same heart.

Determined and sharp-willed.

The kind of caring intelligence that sought to make the world better wherever they went. Who looked beyond the rules and dictates placed by idiots, bigots and megalomaniacs, to the true heart of things.

"She was always clashing with him," the Auror said fondly, smiling at the memory. "She never simply obeyed his orders without question. She always questioned him, always countered him, always told him when she felt he was overstepping or failing to do what was right. James loved that about her. We all did. But I don't think I understood what she saw, when she looked at Albus, until I met Mr Potter's relatives... until I met the people who he felt were fitting guardians to Lily's son." The Auror's jaw tensed and his eyes hardened. "Now, I fear, I see it all too clearly."

#

Harry and Neville tried to drag Ron and Theo away from round seven of their chess battle, but Ron swatted Neville away whenever he approached, and Theo gave Harry and Neville both a quiet death glare that made clear he was not leaving that chair until Ron had bowed to his superior chess skills and begged for mercy.

Eventually they just left them to it. Harry, Neville, Fred and George grabbed their winter cloaks, hat, scarves and gloves, and rushed outside for a snowball fight.

The twins didn't manage to convince Snape and Kingsley to join them, but Harry figured that they were probably grossly unprepared for whatever savage battle would commence if the Auror and the Potions Master joined them on opposing teams.

He and Neville were one team, and the twins were on the other. Harry used the color changing charm on their cloaks to match the ground and Neville made a huge mound of snowballs--the old fashioned way, as neither of them knew that snowball spell Snape used--and then spent the rest of the morning and early afternoon desperately hiding from the two cackling twins, who had apparently decided to take after the illustrious Masters of the Snowball Death-Match and turn a simple children's game into an intense battle.

"You can run, but you can't hide!" Called one twin as Harry and Neville hid behind a rock, panting for breath and seriously regretting every decision they'd made in the last two hours.

"Come out, come out wherever you are!" Called the other, circling further away from them.

Harry huffed a breathy laugh. "I blame you for this. This was your idea."

"I blame Kingsley and Snape. They inspired them."

"Actually, yeah. I do too. This is clearly all their fault," Harry said, unable to keep the grin off his face as he remembered Snape building a giant siege tower from ice and attacking the Auror with a hundred snowballs at a time.

His utterly amazing maniac of a dad.

Neville chuckled, then eyed Harry curiously. "You got some good news?"

Harry froze and blinked. He'd almost forgotten how observant Neville could be.

"That obvious?" He said wryly.

Neville shrugged. "You seemed kind of nervous at dinner yesterday, a little distracted, and today you're walking on air. It doesn't seem like it was just because of Christmas. I'm guessing something happened that made you happy. Right?"

"I'm so glad you're not in Slytherin, Nev," Harry said solemnly. "The world would not survive it."

Neville grinned as he took that as a compliment. Yet another sign he'd been spending too much time with Slytherins. "So?"

Harry couldn't help the smile that pulled at his face. The glee that formed in his chest. "Good news," he said. "Really good. I can't say, but..."

Neville smiled in reply. "I'm happy for you."

"Thanks," Harry said, still grinning, then began packing together a snowball. "Now, come on. I say we go out there and die like men."

Neville nodded solemnly. "Agreed. Then, hot chocolate?"

"Then, hot chocolate."

His friend packed together one last snowball and the two of them stood together, brothers at arms, and were promptly demolished by overenthusiastic redheads.

It was still, by far, the best day of Harry's life.
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Sorry for the short chapter, but I'm hoping that the NaNoWriMo spirit will help me get more words down as I start moving toward the climax.

    It occurred to me the other day that it has been almost an entire year since I posted the first chapter of this story onto AO3, and I just wanted to say a huge thank you to everyone who has commented, subscribed, clicked Kudos or just read and enjoyed the story. I have been writing odd bits and pieces of fanfiction since I was little, but I've never had the guts to post any of it online and you guys have made it so rewarding. I know I'm terrible at replying to comments and all that, but I really appreciate every single one of you.

    The next chapter should be up in four weeks, on the 19th November. I hope that you all have a fantastic Halloween/All Hallows Eve/Samhain, and that those of you who are about to embark on your NaNoWriMo projects are all visited by fantastic muses carrying all the best caffeinated drinks.

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 35
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Harry remembered, growing up with the Dursleys, having to help Aunt Petunia make the dinner at Christmas, peeling and chopping the veg, prepping the stuffing and glazing the meat. He remembered working for hours to help her and then getting a half-filled plate of cold leftovers for his efforts, shoved into his cupboard, when the Dursleys had finally finished gorging themselves.

The Hogwarts Christmas Feast was amazing--fat roast turkeys and mountains of potatoes and vegetables, far too much food for the few of them who remained--but it made him miss Jiffy a little.

Last year, at Christmas, Jiffy made an amazing roast goose for dinner. It was far too big for him, and they were eating leftovers for days, but she made up a plate to bring to Snape (to 'SS') and he made a thank you card for his Christmas presents, and asked her to bring it to him as well.

It was strange how, even though they hadn't been in the same room, or the same house, or probably even the same county, it still felt like he was eating Christmas dinner with 'SS'. Now, he was sitting down the table from him, while the Potions Master was goaded into pulling a magical cracker with Kingsley Shacklebolt and wound up wearing a flowery bonnet when he won.

Harry managed to just barely guilt Jiffy into joining him for dinner last year--she'd spent all day absent, using Snape's slightly larger kitchen, so that she could make the spectacular dinner--and for the first time in Harry's life, he ate Christmas dinner with someone else there. (Though Jiffy had been crying, intermittently thanking him and apologizing to him, and twitchy the entire time about sitting and eating at the table with the wizard, which had made the experience a little bizarre.)

He couldn't help but miss her sometimes, and wonder what she was up to, whether she was bored or lonely.

The fat roast turkey was spectacular, and so were all the vegetables, but he couldn't help but think that they didn't quite live up to Jiffy's painstakingly prepared roast goose.

"You alright?" Neville asked beside him, loading up another serving of roast potatoes.

Harry smiled and nodded. "Yeah, I'm good," he said, filling up his plate.

Fred (or George, Harry couldn't quite tell) leaned over to them with a smirk. "How long do you recon that McGonagall will take before making a tactical retreat to the bathroom to throw up?"

Harry, Neville and Theo glanced over at the other side of the table.

The other teachers had joined them for the afternoon, but were very leery of the food. McGonagall looked a little green around the gills and was picking warily at some mashed potatoes and gravy.

Harry wasn't sure what sort of bug was doing the rounds with the teachers, but he was fairly sure he didn't want to catch it.

Theo considered this carefully. "An hour, maybe an hour and a half."

"No way," Neville said firmly. "McGonagall is made of stronger stuff than that. She'll tough it out until after pudding and she's back in her rooms."

"Wanna bet?" Fred said, grinning deviously. "I'll bet you half a tin of homemade fudge that she lasts less than an hour."

"One chocolate frog on over an hour," Theo said.

"One chocolate frog she lasts the whole meal," Neville said. "But no cheating by trying to get her to leave quicker."

"Deal," Fred said, grinning.

Neville, it turned out, had it on the money. Almost an hour in, McGonagall got a little green, then pulled some anti-nausea potion out of her pocket, sipped it and returned to poking at her food with grim determination.

Fred groaned loudly and huffed. "So close!"

Only after Christmas pudding had been served and either demolished by those well enough to stomach it, or poked gingerly by those few sick people that remained, did Professor McGonagall rise shakily to her feet, wish them all a happy Christmas and make her way out the Great Hall.

Neville smirked in triumph and Fred and Theo reluctantly handed him the goods when they got back to Gryffindor tower.

They spent most the afternoon playing. Theo and Ron returned to their ongoing battle of wits, scowling at animated chess pieces. The chess pieces on Theo's side of the board tried yelling pieces of advice for the first five minute of their first game, that morning, but quickly learned to shut up or risk getting frozen by a nasty spell that Theo knew which turned them back into inanimate chess pieces.

Fred and George managed to convince Kingsley to teach them, Harry and Neville the snowball spell, but when they begged Snape for advice on how to transfigure ice structures out of snow, he simply told them to 'visit the library for once in your miserable lives'.

Another feast of crumpets, turkey sandwiches, trifle and Christmas cake later, Harry and Theo slumped, stuffed and sleepy, back to the Slytherin dungeons.

When Harry got to the dorm room, he spotted the hand-made quilt laying on his bed and grinned, wrapping it tight around his shoulders as he started writing his thank you letters to everyone who got him a gift.

He started with Jiffy's, making sure that she knew how much he appreciated her gift, and how he was going to treasure it for the rest of his life.

He ended the note with a little postscript telling her that her roast goose was still the best Christmas dinner he'd ever had.

#

Neville and Kingsley left after breakfast on Boxing Day, for the Shacklebolt family Christmas celebration, with Professor McGonagall dragging herself along with them, as she had been recovering fastest from whatever plague had most the teachers bedridden. Or perhaps was just the most stubborn of the bunch.

He and Theo found their regular spot at the library and Harry took his new books with him, hiding the one that Theo gave him behind the dust jacket of a Muggle book he'd liberated from Dudley.

He started with the book Hermione got him, The Untold History of British Wizarding Politics, since he was trying to focus on his political knowledge at the moment.

It turned out to be a fascinating read. The book was written, unlike the others, by a Muggle-born historian with a particular specialism in magical politics. It was published by a little known company that was located somewhere called 'Vertic Alley', which he'd never read about in all his research in the Daily Prophet.

The book started off a little differently than he expected.

'In order to understand the true nature of Dark and Light politics, one must look at its roots. Not just the beginnings of the Wizengamot and the Ministry, or to the Wizard's Council before it, but to the efforts to convert Wizarding Britain to Christianity in the 8 th Century.

'The Wizard's of the Roman Empire first attempted to convert British Wizards to Christianity in the 3 rd Century, with little success. The British Wizards had been almost entirely Pagan until then; an amalgamation of beliefs scattered across various tribes, villages and families from all over Britain, Ireland and the rest of the world. Roman, Greek, Celtic and Pictish Goddesses and Gods were worshipped, as well as many whose names are lost to time, with some practices of worship borrowing elements from other religions and beliefs.

'In the years after the fall of the Roman Empire and the invasion of the Saxons, the British Wizards became largely scattered and disorganized again. Some tribes remained hidden from Muggle kind, with their own Kings and Chiefdoms. Some would merge with Muggle monarchies and provide protection of the people in exchange for taxes, but this was not to last forever. As Christianity became the dominant religion in Muggle England by the 8 th Century, many of the Muggle-raised wizards and witches were often welcomed into Church-run institute's for training, adopting the Latin incantations and earning their wands through services to the Church.

'The numbers of Christian Wizards in Britain gradually grew, over the centuries that followed, from new families of only one generation of wizarding bloodline, to ancient Wizarding families in their own right, with legacies recorded for several dozen generations. Their religious beliefs granted them positions of influence in Muggle circles, as advisors to Christian Kings and Queens, where Pagan Wizards became steadily more unwelcome. Before long, their numbers far outstripped the Pagan Wizards.

'The exact date of the Wizard's Council's first meeting is lost but we suspect, from oral tradition passed down by both sides, that the reason for it was a tumultuous one. Surviving written records from Wizards of the Church claim that the old Pagan Wizarding families refused to convert through peaceable means and an annual meeting of the British Wizarding families, in the Borderlands of Scotland and England, turned into a violent skirmish, beginning a series of confrontations which would quickly turn to civil war. Attacks and bloody battles were fought, ambushes were orchestrated by either side. In the end, after many lives were lost, it was a war of attrition that seems to have ended the bloodshed.

'According to many legends, the Pagans, using powerful ancient magics, hid the Sacred Groves where the wood for the most powerful wands in Britain were grown, and still are found to this day. The wand makers, who were largely Pagan in belief, at the time, or from Pagan families, refused to make wands for the Christian wizards and targeted attacks on church wand stores began to dwindle their supply. It is believed by many scholars that the Wizard's Council, then known as the Gaderung of Drýas, was forged by a tentative armistice--that Christian Wizards and Pagan Wizards would leave each other to their beliefs and practices, so long as the Pagan Wizards forged wands for either side without argument, and the Christian Wizards kept the Muggles and their Monarchies from tracking down the Pagan Wizards in widespread Witch Hunts.'

"Merlin," Harry whispered, "I need to find out where Hermione got this. This intro is better than the whole History of Magic curriculum."

"Tome and Tale Booksellers," Theo answered from across the table, never looking up from his own book.

Harry blinked. "Did--did you--"

"She borrowed my Owl Order catalogue. I had to do something, she was going to go to Flourish & Blotts for a book on Wizarding Political History," Theo said, as if this was explanation enough.

"That's a bad idea then?"

"It's like asking a Chudley Cannons fan what the best team in the league is."

Harry grew quickly obsessed with the book and every incredible piece of history that he hadn't known, with so many things clicking into place as he read.

The reason why the Light supported Muggle-born integration and the Dark didn't was because of they had historically been suspicious of Pagan practices. The reason that the Dark and the Light hated each other so much wasn't just because of differing politics--they'd quite literally been at war for a millennia and some change over their religious beliefs. The recent stuff with the Dark Lord, it seemed, was just a tipping point.

There was even a reason that so many Dark families Sorted into Slytherin.

It turned out that Hogwarts had been formed, originally, as a neutral school, with two Christian founders and two Pagan ones. But not exactly the one's he'd expected.

"Helga Hufflepuff was Pagan?" Harry hissed urgently to Theo.

"They included that?" Theo asked, peering over at the book, curiously impressed. "I'll have to look up the author."

"How did--I thought she supported Muggle-borns and everything."

"She did," Theo said. "She believed that encouraging Muggle-raised wizards and witches to investigate the Pagan practices in Hogwarts would help build tolerance for non-Christian beliefs. She had some success. A lot of the Houses now seen as Dark started out as Muggle-borns in her House who adopted the Old Ways as their own. That information tends to get buried, though, and now Hufflepuff is considered a Light-aligned House."

That wasn't the only surprise. Apparently, the name 'Dark Arts' had only existed for a few hundred years and was actually only technically a name for a list of magic banned by the Ministry, which tended to include a lot of the 'Malevolent Magics', which were things like the really nasty curses and rituals which could turn you crazy, but also a lot of other spells that weren't technically 'Malevolent'.

Back when Barnabas Deverill was a Professor at Hogwarts, he tried to change the name of his course, then known as 'Battle Magicks', to 'the Dark Arts'. When he went on a rampage and killed a bunch of people, the press started branding him as a 'Practitioner of the Dark Arts', for dramatic flair. After that, the name stuck.

The Ministry's decision, a decade later, to change of the list of illegal spells or 'Forbidden Magicks' to 'The Dark Arts' was a hotly opposed at the time, as many in the Dark political party claimed it would confuse people as to their message and make it seem as if they were all criminals.

Harry kinda felt like they had a point.

The history of Dark and Light politics was an utter mess far too complicated for words, but the basic summary of it, as far as Harry could tell, was as follows:

The Light tried to stay close to the Muggle monarchy and keep Muggles happy, but often failed and got into trouble. The Dark tried to practice their beliefs without Muggles finding out, but often failed and got into trouble.

Eventually, the Muggles went and tried to burn them all alive, regardless of belief. The Dark blamed the Light for not managing Muggle relations well enough; the Light blamed the Dark for getting caught practicing 'heathenry', and some even tried to say that God had brought this down upon them all as a divine punishment for enabling their unholy magics.

Then the Statute of Secrecy was enacted and the Light, feeling pretty miserable about it all, became convinced that the Dark was entirely to blame for the whole mess and that the only way to get the Muggles back on their side and eventually get rid of the Statute was to defeat the Dark and end their Pagan ways.

And so that was what they'd been doing. For several hundred years, the Light was slowly and gradually trying to eliminate Pagan practices from the Wizarding World. It had started as removal of the Old holidays from the Hogwarts curriculum, then they started a media campaign to demonize the Dark. Then they changed of the name of the list of 'Forbidden Magicks' to 'Dark Arts', and turned 'Battle Magicks' to 'Defense Against the Dark Arts'. Then Wizards were coming in cloaks and masks to attack practicing Pagans that gathered on the Old Holidays.

Finally, the Ministry and the Wizengamot started making the Old Ways illegal, reducing the numbers who could gather to celebrate the Old Holidays, banning certain magical ceremonies and rituals, until finally they were banning the holidays outright, along with any books on the practices.

The author wrote the history out with deliberately neutral terms, but the story was telling--written in between the lines as the author lay down only the facts, dates, laws and events.

The Light wanted to eventually integrate back with Muggle society, and were trying to eliminate the Old Ways because they thought that the Muggles would react violently to any sign of Pagan worship, believing it to be satanic. The Light has convinced themselves it was necessary and so began a campaign to destroy the Dark.

'The remaining wand-maker families, both in Britain and worldwide, have taken a mostly neutral stance in the conflict, in the years since the enactment of the Statute of Secrecy, as the number who practice true Druidry has diminished. Their Sacred Groves are kept under the strictest secrecy and hidden from all except those--'

Someone cleared their throat and when Harry looked up, he saw Percy Weasley with folded arms, looking very pompous.

"Mr Potter, Mr Nott," he said, nodding to each of them in turn, "I have come to collect you for lunch."

"To collect us?" Harry said, as Theo, not even bothering to look up from his book, replied: "Not hungry."

"It has been brought to my attention by a concerned fellow student that your--ahem--enthusiasm toward study and research, while admirable, does tend to cause you to forget to properly look after yourselves. Therefore, I have come in my duty as Prefect to escort you to the Great Hall. Madam Pince has also agreed to have you banned from the Library for the next hour."

Harry choked. "You--what?!"

Theo finally looked up from his book, the fury in his expression was palpable. "You can't do that."

"It's only for the next hour, Mr Nott. You will survive it," Percy said, though the expression on Theo's face suggested otherwise. "Now, pack up your things and follow me. It is time for lunch--unless you want the ban to last the rest of the afternoon, I suggest you not complain. I'll be coming to collect you again at 5pm. Please be prepared."

Harry sank and packed up his books, all the while grumbling under his breath about nosy Gryffindors.

"Neville will pay for this," Theo said ominously as he delicately set the reference books he'd been reading on the shelf, waiting for his return.

#

Lunch was excruciating.

Harry and Theo finished eating in five minutes, then when Harry tried to grab his book and read at the table, Theo scowled at him with a fury that promised violent retribution if he dared.

They wound up sitting there awkwardly for fifteen minutes before Percy suggested they go for a walk.

"Too cold," Harry pouted.

"There's a perfectly good castle you can explore, gentlemen," Percy easily replied, never once looking up from his OWL revision.

They went on a walk straight for the library--to test Madam Pince's resolve in keeping them in the library. Apparently, she was taking this ban seriously. Her eyes lit up with indignation when they stepped inside and a sharp finger pointed them back out the door again.

Harry supposed that it can't have been the first time this happened. He suspected the Ravenclaws would get similarly enthusiastic around exam time and she probably feared that if she didn't police them then people might start sneaking food into her library.

Theo scowled at the corridor ahead as they walked, clearly plotting his revenge on Neville. Harry decided that maybe distracting his terrifying friend wasn't such a terrible idea.

"Why don't we explore?" Harry said, trying to sound enthusiastic. "We could stumble on a great spot for hanging out with the Inter-House study group."

Theo grunted in acknowledgement, but Harry could tell he was too busy scheming to actually listen.

Well, Harry really hoped that Neville could handle himself... because Harry wasn't brave enough to get involved in this one.

Theo walked with his silently as Harry tried the different doors on the floor, testing which were unlocked and checking inside to see if there were any tables and chairs. Most were empty and dusty, long disused. A lot of the castle was the same. Most the rooms and corridors remained barely touched, likely for centuries--as if the founders had built it for a population of students four times this size.

Perhaps they had.

They wandered through the grand hallways until they found a disused classroom--the door left ajar--with desks and chairs piled up and gathering dust.

"This is perfect," Harry said grabbing his wand and casting a Lumos to better see--even with the curtains pulled away from the window, it was a fairly dark room, he checked the wall sconces for candles, "do you recon these still light, or not?" Harry asked, then frowned at the pause and turned around. "Theo?"

Harry didn't know how he'd missed it as he walked inside--the enormous mirror on the other side of the room. It had an ornate gold frame, clawed feet and was almost as tall as the ceiling.

Theo stood ahead of it, transfixed, his back to Harry.

"Theo?" Harry said, stepping closer. "Hey, what's that?"

His friend didn't answer.

As Harry got closer, he noticed that their reflections didn't show in the mirror, but he could see an inscription along the bottom: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi.

"What language is this?" Harry asked, frowning at the words as he tried to translate, but Theo still didn't answer. Harry felt a horrid dread coil in his gut as he took a good look at his friend.

Theo's breathing sounded shallow and shuddering.

His shoulders were tense. Shivering.

Slowly, Theo's hand lifted toward the mirror, tentative, as if trying to reach inside.

Harry swallowed hard and lifted a hand toward Theo's shoulder. "Theo?"

The boy jolted as if stung, whirled around and Harry felt the air flee his lungs as he spotted the wetness in Theo's eyes, and the tears running down his cheeks.

There was a horrible suffering on Theo's face... as if he was reliving every painful thing he ever tried to push down and ignore. As if every emotion he usually suppressed came bursting to the surface and it was more than he could bear.

Theo wiped the evidence away quickly and sniffed, desperately trying to return back to his usual seemingly-emotionless self. "What?"

"Are--are you okay?"

"Yeah, fine," Theo snapped, red-eyed, then cleared his throat. "What did you say before?"

"Oh, er, I just wondered what language that was, on the inscription--"

"It's English," Theo said, stepping away from the mirror and toward the door. "It's backwards. I'll be outside."

The classroom door snapped shut behind him.

Harry turned warily toward the mirror, too far away to properly look into it, and read the inscription backwards: I show not your face but your hearts desire.

Harry felt a single moment of curiosity, before he remembered the gut-wrenching pain and bitter-sweet agony on Theo's usually blank face.

Then Harry left.

He didn't dare look back.

#

Harry watched Theo out the corner of his eye for the rest of the afternoon.

Theo definitely wasn't okay.

Even when they finally made it back to the library and he picked up his book, Harry's straight-faced friend spent fifteen minutes staring blankly at the same page.

"Stop it," Theo said.

"What?" Harry asked, clearing his throat and turning back to his book.

"You know what. I'm fine."

He very clearly wasn't, but Harry knew better than to disagree with Theodore Nott.

When Percy came to collect them for dinner, neither argued. They ate in silence as the twins regaled Harry with details of their practical efforts to improve their ice transfiguration--apparently it wasn't as easy as it looked to build ice structures out of snow. Even small ones.

"We tried to make a little igloo the size of of dog," Fred told him.

"Turned into a load of slush, basically," George finished.

"And it took us all bloody afternoon to make the slush."

"Snape's a bloody monster," George said in conclusion, and Fred nodded his agreement.

Theo pushed his plate away and stood. "I'm going to bed."

Harry blinked. "It's barely six."

Theo shrugged and walked out the door.

Harry got a really bad feeling as he sat and listened to the twins finish their story. He got about ten minutes before he pushed his plate away as well.

"I'll, uh, see you tomorrow, guys," he said.

"Bed already?" George said. "You snakes in hibernation or something?"

"Ha ha," Harry rolled his eyes. "G'night."

"Night, mate."

Harry headed out the Great Hall and for the stairs. Then he headed upwards.

The classroom door was ajar again. Harry swallowed hard and peered inside and spotted the silhouette of a small figure standing ahead of the mirror. He cleared his throat and the figure jolted.

"Uh, Theo--"

"Coming," Theo said sharply, sniffing. "Wait there."

Harry stepped into the hallway and did so, bile rising in his throat with every passing second.

When Theo stepped outside, he walked straight past Harry and down the corridor.

When Harry got back to the dorm room, Theo's curtains were shut. He cleared his throat. "Theo--"

"Harry," Theo sighed, his voice sounding strained, "just... piss off, would you?"

Harry decided to read in bed. Theo never once emerged from hiding that night but, in the morning, when Harry woke up, the bed-curtains were open and Theo was gone.

Harry swallowed hard, dread creeping through his bones. Then got dressed and headed for his dad's quarters.

#

"And the food was the best," Neville gushed at breakfast, beaming widely. "Auntie Abilene is an amazing cook, she roasted the turkey with this seasoning or something, it was delicious, and they also had rice and sweet potato and this stuff called matoke that kinda tastes like banana, it was so so good. Auntie Abilene kept refilling my plate and I just kept eating. Kingsley had to drag me away from the table after I had fifths."

"That's Kingsley's sister, right?" Harry asked, trying not to be too obvious as he scanned the doors, waiting for his dad to step inside. Or Theo.

Kingsley wasn't at the table this morning either, Harry noted, hoping that he hadn't made a horrible mistake.

"Yeah," Neville said. "Auntie Abilene was really nice. They all were. Uncle Achilles is her husband, he's Muggle but his brother is a Muggle-born, so they met through this program the Uagadou school have for non-magical family of students at the school."

"Really?" Fred's brows raised as he spooned more scrambled egg onto his plate. "They do those?"

"Oh yeah," Neville nodded. "They do all sorts. They believe it helps keep the Statute of Secrecy more secure, you know--making Muggle and Squib family members feel part of our world, rather than outsiders, breaking down barriers and fixing misunderstandings, that sort of thing. They even have a Squibs teachers in the Astronomy and Herbology departments, apparently," Neville said, talking a mile a minute. "Anyway, they did a Herbology course together and Uncle Achilles was following her around like a puppy the minute he set eyes on her. Avonlea is their daughter." A faint blush crept across Neville's cheeks and his smile grew nervous. "She's really cool. She's only a year older than us at Uagadou but she can already do spells wandless. And she'll be starting her Animagus transformation next year."

Fred's eyes gleamed with excitement at the thought.

"Wait, she's a witch?" George said. "But neither of her parents were--she's a Muggle-born, then?"

"Well, not really," Neville shrugged, "apparently it's more complicated than that. Squibs can still have magical children, even with a Muggle as the second parent, and Achilles mentioned something about him having ancestral magical D-M-A... I didn't really get it. Basically, they only really believe there's such a thing as half-bloods in Uagadou. He said something about dormant bloodlines, but I didn't understand most of it. Uncle Achilles says that all measures of blood purity are total nonsense because magical gentricks isn't an all-or-nothing thing to begin with and that every witch bloodline originates from the first ever Muggle-born witch, who was born tens of thousands of years ago, so we're all made up of mostly Muggle blood anyway."

"Weird," George said, stuffing his mouth with egg.

"Cool, though," Fred added.

"Yeah," Neville said. "Uncle Achilles is really smart. He has like a Muggle version of a Mastery, he called it a Doctrine or something, and he's working with Uagadou to study this gentricks stuff. He thinks he can use it to track down the 'first witch'."

"Whoa," Fred said.

"Very cool."

Harry blinked in astonishment. "Wait, do you mean genetics? Is he a geneticist?"

Neville nodded. "That's what he called it," he said. "Yeah, how do you pronounce it?"

"Ge-ne-tics," Harry said slowly.

The three pure-bloods all tried to repeat it back, with varied levels of success--Harry was pretty sure they were just messing with him after the first two attempts. Especially when Fred pronounced it 'Jo-net-ticicals'.

"POTTER!" A voice snarled.

Harry turned and spotted a burning-eyed Theodore Nott storming towards him, and suddenly his breakfast was threatening to make a repeat visit to his throat.

Fred sucked in a breath. "Well, it was nice knowing you, Harry."

Theo grabbed him by the collar and hauled him out his seat. "Stay the fuck out of my business!"

Harry swallowed hard. "I had to tell him. It was cursed or--"

"FUCK YOU!" Theo snarled, right in Harry's face, spitting with rage. "YOU HAD NO RIGHT!"

"I was worried about you!"

"Theo," Neville set a hand on the boy's shoulder. "What's going on--"

"Oh, piss off Longbottom," Theo snarled, slapping his hand away and sneering, "stop buddying up to me like some fucking Hufflepuff. Both of you! Stay out my fucking business!"

Then he was storming away.

Professor Babbling, who'd been making her way over to put a stop to things, uselessly shouted something about points from Slytherin in his wake, then inched uncomfortably back to her seat.

Harry felt his chest ache horribly and a prickling behind his eyes. He swallowed hard and looked down.

Neville was quiet for a moment, then he put a hand on Harry's shoulder. "Come on," he said sadly, then he coaxed Harry into his seat and then into telling him everything.

Harry spilled the details in halting bits and pieces. The mirror, the inscription, Theo looking wrecked with agony, how he kept going back, and how Harry had gone to Snape that morning and told him everything, and the Potions Master had promised to have it removed to somewhere safe.

When Harry was finished, Neville appeared grimly resigned. "Okay," he said, more of a whisper, really, then he took a deep breath, as if about to face a terrifying beast, and got to his feet. "Come on, then. Show me the classroom."

Harry swallowed hard. "You think he's... he doesn't want to talk to us."

"Theo never wants to talk to anyone," Neville said wisely, "doesn't mean he shouldn't."

Feeling very much like they were walking to their doom, Harry and Neville made their way to the dreaded classroom.

The door was ajar when they found it.

Harry tasted bile as he swallowed. Neville appeared similarly terrified, but he took a deep breath and stepped inside.

If there was ever any doubt of whether Neville was a 'true Gryffindor', Harry was fairly certain that this served as undeniable proof of his qualifications for membership.

When Harry finally talked himself into stepping inside, Neville was silently taking a seat beside Theo on the floor, where the boy sat in the spot the mirror once stood, arms hugged around his shins and dipped his head to his knees.

Harry walked over and stood by awkwardly as Neville waited, silent. He could just barely hear Theo sniffing, crying quietly, and a horrible swell of guilt hit Harry like a tidal wave.

"Who'd you see?" Neville asked quietly, after they'd successfully survived in Theo's company for over a minute.

Theo didn't answer.

Neville sat back, head against the wall. "I'd have seen my parents. Kingsley would have been there too, and Harry, and you, Draco, you know... everyone. But I'd have seen my parents at the front, one hand each on my shoulder, smiling and happy and..." Neville swallowed hard, exhaling. "I'd give anything to see that, but--I think it's probably better that I didn't."

Theo sniffed and rubbed his eyes against his knees, but still didn't speak.

Harry swallowed hard. "I'm sorry... I... I panicked. I figure it was cursed, that it might be hurting you or something. I just--"

"It was," Theo whispered, "I didn't care."

Harry felt sick. "Oh."

They fell silent for a long time, Theo crying quietly and Neville and Harry waiting by silently.

Finally, red-eyed and hollow, as if he'd burned himself out with grief, Theo looked up, his vacant gaze on the stone floor ahead. "It was my mum," he said softly, there was a long pause as he struggled to decide whether to continue. "She died when I was young."

Neville didn't bother with pointless platitudes or expressions of regret. He just nodded and waited. Harry felt every second like a lifetime.

Finally, Theo said: "I was there. My father killed her."

It was as if the air had been sucked clean from that abandoned room.

Harry couldn't breathe.

The horror crept across his skin.

Beside Theo, Neville had grown very pale.

Theo's face turned hard, glaring at the floor ahead. "I was hidden in the cupboard. He doesn't know, but I saw. I saw everything. He killed her, then he staged it as a suicide."

Neville exhaled a shuddering breath. "You--you should tell someone, Kingsley could--"

"No," Theo said, a hard edge to his tone, he turned and glared at the Gryffindor. "I can't."

"You have to," Harry said, voice shivering with fear, "what if he hurts you too?"

Theo fell silent a moment and it only took half of that for the realization to dawn in Neville's eyes. "He... he hurts you too, doesn't he?"

Theo swallowed hard, but didn't reply. "I can't leave them behind. The Aurors will destroy it all the minute they get their hands on them."

"Destroy what?" Harry asked.

Theo was silent a moment, then replied: "The Nott Library."

Harry balked. "The--what?!"

Neville pursed his lips with the urge to say something that was not going to go down well with the Slytherin. "Theo... your life means more than a few books."

Theo glared over at Neville as if he'd never been more deathly offended in all his life. "They're not just a few books," he snarled. "They're everything. They're over a millennia of knowledge, passed down from the first of my family's magical ancestors, long before they set foot in Britain. Knowledge that my ancestors kept safe through all the wars and witch-hunts, through all the Light's raids. They're spells and enchantments that predate Hogwarts. They're priceless history, and those fucking monsters will destroy them all out of nothing but blind prejudice if they find them. I can't leave them behind. I just can't. I'd rather be tortured."

Harry believed him.

Neville sent Harry a look that said that he believed Theo too, and that if they dared try and stop him and tell anyone, he'd just deny ever saying anything about what his father did. He'd protect his father just to keep the Ministry from destroying these ancient tomes.

The Gryffindor exhaled slowly, his mind appearing to bubble with a decision, then he sucked in a breath. "Okay... then we'll... we'll save them."

The hardened wariness on Theo's face fell away, and he looked genuinely shocked, for the first time Harry had ever seen. "What?"

"We'll save the library," Neville said again, looking as if he was trying to muster together all his determination. "We'll find a way to, er, copy them or steal them, or something, and you... and then you can finally get out of there. Okay?"

Theo blinked and stared at Neville with unguarded amazement. "You realize they're..."

"Yeah," Neville said. "I know what they are."

"So you know that you could get in trouble if anyone finds out... like Shacklebolt."

"I know," Neville said, "but... this obviously means a lot to you, so..."

Theo sat back, finally uncurling from his hunched over position. "You'd really... do that for me?"

Neville smiled beatifically. "That's what friends do."

Theo sniffed, then smiled cautiously in reply.

* * *

* * *
Notes:

    Heya all,

    Thanks again for all your wonderful comments and kudos, and I'm sorry, once again, if I haven't replied to your comments. I read every single one of them and they really bring a smile to my face, but I am awful at replying to messages.

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter and that it wasn't too much of an info-dump at the beginning, and that I didn't completely mess up the history portion (my understanding of history is shaky at best, especially pre-1966, but I tried to keep things vaguely plausible).

    In case you were curious, according to my research into Old English on the website below 'Gaderung' means a gathering, assembly or council, and 'Drýas' is the plural of 'Drý', which is a wizard or sorcerer. Also interesting to know, 'of' is the same in Old English, so the 'Gaderung of Drýas' literally translates as 'Council of Wizards'. Feel free to steal that information for whatever stories you wish. (And yes, I did completely over-research this entire chapter. It's what I do.)

     

    The next chapter should be posted in two weeks, on the Friday 3rd of December. I hope you all have a lovely couple weeks. ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 36
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Despite Neville’s rousing speech, saving the Nott Library, it turned out, wouldn’t be anywhere near as easy as they’d hoped.

Harry’s first suggestion was for Theo to take the new Library box, that the Malfoy’s gifted Harry for Christmas, to his home, pack all the books away when his father was off at a meeting, then make a break for it.

Apparently, it wasn’t that simple.

“My dad may not pay any attention to the collection, but there’s a bunch of spells up to make sure that they doesn’t leave the house,” Theo said.

“But then how did you, er--“ Harry hesitated and looked at Neville. “There was that thing you had, you know, the other day.”

Theo smirked at him. “It was a copy. Warding Charms don’t copy over properly when you use a Gemino Charm.”

“Then why not just use that?”

“Because,” Theo said as they sat hidden in the back of the library, “Gemino creates an inferior copy and usually books degrade after a few months. And it'll disappear for good if anyone uses a reversal spell on it. It's alright for a temporary measure but not for a permanent one.”

Harry frowned.

Something didn’t add up.

He'd read about the Gemino when he was researching the economic crash, but he'd assumed that some things, like books, stayed in tact while others, like the precious metals that made up wizarding currency, broke down quickly.

When his dad had shown him the book with the paternity potion in it, he’d said that the book had been copied from the Black family library. That had to be at least twelve years ago, if his parents used it to conceive him. So then how was it still--

Oh, Harry sucked in a breath, remembering his father’s words.

‘The original copy just happens to have been located in the family library of James Potter's former best friend. A secret practitioner of Blood Magic. Sirius Black.’

Blood Magic.

Harry remembered holding the book and feeling the hum of the coppery magic. Almost as if it had a pulse of it’s own.

He swallowed hard.

Dad had given some fairly dire warnings about how Blood Magic could easily go wrong. How the magic could turn on the practitioner. So, Harry really didn’t want to mention it to Theo unless it was a last resort. Because Harry was absolutely certain that Theodore Nott would not balk at the chance to risk his life and bleed himself dry in order to save the Nott Library.

He needed to look into it some more first.

Harry cleared his throat, trying not to look too suspicious. “What else is there, then?”

“Well, there’s a spell to copy over text,” Neville pointed out, “I’ve seen Percy do that for his notes. That’s permanent. We could get a load of big leather journals or something, and you could copy the text over. It’ll be a shame not to have the original work, but it’s the knowledge that’s the important thing, right? The spells and the history.”

Theo was quiet for a long time, then nodded uncertainly, and Harry got the impression that even admitting this much was a huge compromise for Theo, in and of itself. “Some of them would be... it’d be better if we could have the real thing, but if that’s not an option, I guess we have no choice.”

Harry felt a horrible guilt swell through him.

“It’ll take forever, though,” Harry said, clearing his throat. “Wouldn’t you have to do it page by page?”

“Yeah,” Theo said, “but a lot of the stuff there are scrolls, which will only need one casting, so it might work. It’ll take me a while, but I should have it done by the end of summer, if nothing goes wrong. The collection is about two hundred books and a hundred and fifty scrolls in total. I can get through a few a day, I just need to have the supplies ready.”

Harry winced. “All summer? Is that... I’m not sure you should be there that long.”

Neville didn’t seem eager to leave Theo there all summer either. “I think we should come up with a safety plan. Something to make sure you have an easy exit if you need it, and that you can get in touch with us, even if your owl mail is being watched.”

“I’ll be fine,” Theo said, with an easy confidence so convincing that Harry couldn’t be sure how much of it was bravado. “The bigger issue is that some of the collection won’t copy over well with that spell.”

“How do you mean?”

“Well, I’m pretty sure that one or two of them is spelled against those text copying spells, and one of my ancestors used to write in invisible ink on one side of a scrolls, then wrote family recipes on the other side, to avoid suspicion. I’m pretty sure that the invisible ink isn’t going to transfer. I’d have to do it by hand.”

“Oh,” Harry winced. “What if you used a Gemino and then we copied it by hand when you’re back at school.”

Theo frowned. “It’s a risk. They could degrade more quickly than the books, then I’d have to go back again for Christmas.”

“Easter,” Neville suddenly said, seemingly out of the blue. He seemed pretty grim as he said it, as if he rather hated the word. “You could... go back this Easter, try and copy the tricky cases, we could write them out by hand together when you get back. That way, if you come into trouble, we can problem-solve for the summer, come up with new ideas ... at least then it’s only for a week.”

Theo nodded slowly. “I suppose that could work. My father won’t get suspicious if I start hanging around the Library.”

“What about your grandfather?” Harry asked. “Will he notice?”

Theo frowned. “My grandfather?” He stared at Harry oddly. “Harry, my grandfather’s dead.”

Harry blinked. “What? But then--at the, uh, the thing I went to, I saw an elderly man who--“

“That was my father, Harry,” Theo smirked, as the realization finally dawned. “He’s eighty-two.”

“What?!” Harry spat, while Neville cried: “That’s older than my Gran!”

“Married late,” Theo said. “My grandfather forced him to, basically. ‘Continue the Nott legacy’ and all that. I think he was afraid that my father would get sent to Azkaban.”

“But you said--the stuff about your grandfather and the wards, him hiding the books and, uh--“

“My grandfather turned away from tradition,” Theo said, still amused by their bewilderment, “but my father went along with it. He’s always been more interested in worshipping the Dark Lord.”

“Oh,” Neville said, wincing with discomfort, “er--” he cleared his throat. “Right, well, um, priority one: safety plan. We need one.”

“I’ll be fine, Neville,” Theo said, rolling his eyes, but Neville’s expression was hard and unwavering.

The Gryffindor pointed a chastising finger at Theo. “Safety plan,” he said, “we’re making one, and you’re using it. That’s final.”

Theo huffed indignantly, but Harry could have sworn there was a softness in his eyes that said he appreciated it.

#

Albus expressed his quiet displeasure in the usual manner on the day after Severus moved the mirror, with a chastising eyebrow over a stilted afternoon tea.

"A little warning would have been appreciated, my boy," Albus admonished, picking up another finger sandwich with a cranberry and turkey filling. "I got quite a shock when I went to go check on the mirror yesterday evening and found the classroom empty."

"I'm sorry to alarm you," Severus drawled, sitting back in his chair with a cup of tea, "but you must understand, I got rather a more substantial shock when I found one of my first years wasting away in front of it because you didn't think to put any protections up around the damned thing."

Albus's eyes twinkled ever so slightly with a curious glint. "Oh?" He said. "I'm sorry, Severus, I didn't think it necessary with there being so few students in the castle at the moment."

Like hell he didn't.

The spells up around the corridor had been designed to encourage curious students to explore. Compulsions so subtle that one wouldn't notice them if they weren't looking for them.

But Severus had been.

"I do hope the student is not too distressed," Albus said.

Severus glared with barely-filtered displeasure. "What do you think?" He sneered. "The next time you feel like dumping a Dark object into the middle of a school classroom, an object capable to showing an impressionable child their lost loved ones, then please attempt some form of protection. Some of us would prefer to avoid permanently traumatizing our charges."

Albus hid the pleased twitch of his lip well, as he undoubtedly assumed Severus to be speaking about Harry.

That had been his plan, then. Severus suspected as much. To show the boy his lost parents and remind him of the family that waited for him on the other side.

Sick old bastard.

Better to let him think that Harry had looked into the mirror and been entrapped by it, than to tell the old man the truth. Otherwise, Severus feared that he'd just find a more despicable means of getting what he wanted.

It was horrifying to see Theodore Nott standing ahead of the mirror, eyes streamed with tears as he reached out to try and touch a lie, to seek comfort in a fiction, and some part of Severus could not help but imagine the incomparable heartbreak it would have caused the Potions Master to see Harry in Mr Nott's place.

Severus had never been more certain of their duty to oust this tyrant from his perch than he was when he saw one of his snakes standing ahead of that mirror, the normally straight-faced boy ripped down to his deepest heartbreaks.

If that was what Albus Dumbledore was willing to do to his charges to play his game, then he had no place at all in a position of guardian.

"Have you had much chance to get to know Harry over the holidays?" Albus asked, sipping his tea.

"I've seen seen little of him after Christmas day," Severus said, allowing the man imagine the boy skulking around under the invisibility cloak. "He's still uncertain around me."

Albus hummed a faintly pitying sound that was almost convincingly manufactured. "And how have Neville and Kingsley been getting along? I haven't had much of a chance to ask."

Severus nearly scoffed aloud.

With the way the Auror had been avoiding the Headmaster as if he were plague-ridden, he wouldn't have a chance any time soon.

"I'm not aware of the details, but they seem content enough with each other's company," Severus said, and the conversation soon dipped into stilted questions about next term's curriculum and the end of year exams.

By the end of the torturous teatime interrogation,  Severus was about ready for a stiff drink.

He stormed down to his office and nursed a burgeoning headache. A few minutes later, there was a knock at the office door.

"It's open," he called, rubbing his temples as the door opened.

"Ah, too many lemon drops?" A deep voice asked. "High doses of sugar and self-satisfied drivel always give me migraines as well. Minister Fudge's presence has a very similar effect on me."

Severus snorted and looked up at the Auror. "Finished?"

Kingsley Shacklebolt nodded and handed back the key. "Thank you for letting me take a look."

"Thank you for taking a look," Severus drawled, pocketing the key. "The mirror will be gone by morning, Albus said, into its 'rightful spot' in his little obstacle course."

Kingsley hummed, scowling at the wall, his finger tapping a silent tempo against his arm as he considered their next steps carefully.

The Auror happened upon Severus the day before, when the Professor was rushing up the stairs to the classroom where the mirror had been left, to lure mere children into the old man's game. Sensing the fury and fear in Severus's gait, Kingsley Shacklebolt followed him, wand ready, moving like a soldier into battle.

To say that the Auror was 'displeased' at the realization of how far Albus was willing to endanger his students for the sake of his plotting would be an understatement of the highest order.

The Auror had been enraged.

Filled with the kind of quiet fury that ate at someone from the inside.

A parent's fierce protectiveness. The sort that would not be satisfied by anything less than retribution.

Kingsley Shacklebolt knew what suffering it would have caused Neville to look upon the mirror, and the instant that Severus saw the glint of wrath in the wizard's eyes and the tight grip on his wand, he knew that there was no chance at all of this man returning to Albus's side.

Not for anything.

Kingsley Shacklebolt turned and looked at Severus, focused and determined. "We'll be ready, when the time comes," he said. "Leave it to me."

#

On the 1st January, after a couple more days of Kingsley and Neville bonding over snowball fights and the Auror teaching Neville how to use his new wand, Kingsley Shacklebolt's time at Hogwarts came to an end.

Neville managed to keep himself together for the most part, beaming happily during the goodbye party on New Year's Eve, where they ate treats and played games in the Gryffindor common room until midnight. Then, when it came time to say goodbye the following morning, Neville flung his arms around the Auror as if trying to keep him from leaving and bawled like there was no tomorrow.

Harry, Snape, Theo, the Weasleys and Professor McGonagall stood around awkwardly behind them.

Kingsley smiled and hugged Neville in return. "I'll see you again before you know it."

Neville sniffed, face buried in the Auror's chest. "You don't know that."

"I do," Kingsley said, "at the end of the year, I'll be waiting for you on Platform nine and three quarters. Understood?"

Neville sniffed again and nodded, but Harry could tell he wasn't certain.

"Remember everything I told you," Kingsley said, "and don't forget that I'm only an owl away. I'll be here for you the second you need me."

Neville nodded and pulled back, wiping his eyes. "I'll miss you."

"I'll miss you too," Kingsley said with a sad smile.

Neither Harry nor Theo needed to ask Neville anything, once the Auror was gone, to know that the Gryffindor was terrified of the possibility that his Gran and Uncle Algie would win custody and he'd never see Kingsley Shacklebolt again. But the Gryffindor seemed determined not to think about it, and instead he plunged himself into the task of saving the Nott Library and building a safety plan for Theo, as an obvious means of distracting himself from his feelings. That was one of the few things that Gryffindors and Slytherins both did very well.

Two days before the students were due to arrive back, Harry finally got the invisibility cloak back. It popped into existence on his bed, when he went back to the dorm that afternoon after lunch.

On top of it was a note saying: 'The cloak is safe. Wear it to meet me at our usual haunt, and make certain to walk quietly and move carefully--being invisible does not make one undetectable. SS.'

Harry grinned, quickly grabbed the cloak and burned the note, then closed the curtains around his bed, as if he'd taken a nap, and snuck out the Slytherin dorm and up to the hidden classroom where he and Snape first began to meet in secret.

When the Slytherin arrived, Harry's dad was sitting on his usual armchair, a tea service laid out on the coffee table ahead of him, with still-warm, home-made mince pies and clotted cream sitting on a plate next to him.

"Merlin, yes! Jiffy's mince pies!" Harry hurried forward, pulled off the hood of his cloak and stuffed a pie in his mouth with haste. "Sho gooood!"

Snape huffed and poured the tea for them both. "Help yourself. Every available moment I find myself alone in my office, a plate of the blasted things appears next to me. My waistline can only take so much."

Harry promptly picked up his little plate and emptied the serving platter of five of the pies and a whole dollop of clotted cream. "Your loss. Thanks, Jiffy!"

"Harry, you only just ate, you won't have room for all those."

"Watch me," Harry said, stuffing another mince pie in his mouth.

Snape shook his head and smiled. "At least take the cloak off. It's a priceless heirloom, you should be making some effort not to cover the thing in crumbs."

Harry brushed off his hands and took off the cloak, hanging it at the back of the chair. "So, it's safe then?"

"Perfectly," Snape said, eyeing the cloak curiously, "I have exhausted every possible means by which someone could manipulate the spells weaved into it to their advantage, which was not an easy task in itself, as it is a truly comprehensive bit of magic. Though it the cloak is safe, however, I would be wary to overuse it, as it is clear from my investigation that this is an object more precious than all the gold in your vault, and losing it would be a true travesty."

Harry's brows lifted as a mince pie paused half-way to his mouth. "Really?"

"I'm wary to even return it to you," his father admitted, "I only do so because it is useful in keeping you safe and keeping our contact a secret, now that Albus is growing more curious of our contact, and because it is not my property to keep from you. But I urge you to treat the cloak with the care it deserves. It is utterly irreplaceable and I'm certain that James Potter intended it to be passed down to your children, grandchildren and great, great, great grandchildren."

Harry felt a spark of responsibility thrum through him at the realization of what 'heirloom' truly meant. It wasn't just about having a piece of the Potter family history. It was about safeguarding that history so that it could last for lifetimes.

Like Theo intended to for the Nott Library. It was a duty, as well as a privilege, and whether Harry had been blood adopted by James Potter or not, he intended to make sure he honored that.

Harry swallowed hard, then nodded. "Yes, uh, sir."

His dad smiled faintly and then set down his tea. "Very well, time to move along with the next stage of our plan. You received another letter from Lucius Malfoy," he reached into his pocket and pulled out a thick envelope. Very thick.

"Uh, this one feels far longer than their thank you note," Harry said, feeling the weight of it. "You think he's starting on my political mentoring?"

"I'd wager good money on it," Severus said. "I did urge him to give you enough time to enjoy your Christmas holiday and his patience did last a while longer than I expected."

Harry broke the wax seal and checked the sheets tucked inside. "Wow, uh, this is an essay... or maybe a workbook. I think he gave me assignments."

"I'm certain he did."

"When do you think it's time to, you know," Harry peered up at his dad, "bring him in on things."

Snape licked his teeth as he considered his answer carefully. "I believe that the best way to work with Lucius is to only give him enough information to keep him interested. Once he is appraised of a plan in it's entirety he is more likely to try and manipulate it to his benefit. Laying hints in your replies would be the best way about it. He will begin spreading word into the right ears soon enough. We'll draft the letters together."

Harry smirked. He was looking forward to it already.

"In the meantime, keep doing what you've been doing," Snape said. "It will be exam time soon enough, so that is ample opportunity to begin setting up additional Inter-House group study sessions."

"Should I start laying the groundwork there too?"

"Not yet," his father said, smirking a little, "now that we have Shacklebolt on our side, we may not need to. If we do this right and get word rumbling through the right circles, your friends will bring the subject up first. If that finally happens, we'll know we're getting somewhere."

Harry grinned with unveiled glee.

This was why he loved being a Slytherin.

Building a trap for your enemy was a thousand times more fun than waiting around for them to hex you in the back.

#

They'd almost finished their chat when Harry brought the subject up. Plucked out of the blue as he picked another mince pie from the platter on the coffee table, the last of the batch.

"Sir," Harry began, pouring another cup of tea from the pot, "I was wondering about copying spells lately--the limitations and the restrictions--it's a fascinating subject, you know, like how the Doubling Charm, Gemino, only produces temporary copies of a lesser quality, and how quickly they break down depending on the material of the object--goblin-forged precious metals breaking down almost instantly, paper breaking down after a few months. I got interested after I did the essay on the wizarding economic crash.

"I couldn't really find any other spells like it, in terms of copying an object. I was thinking that might be deliberate, you know? Maybe there were spells but they don't get published anywhere--the goblins would probably start another war if there was a spell where everyone could perfectly copy something with an equal value to the original. It'd totally ruin the economy, probably.

"But, there was that book, wasn't there? The one from the Black Library. I thought you said that Sirius Black made a copy of this original. Did he use a text copying charm or something, or was it something else? I suppose if he was a Blood Magic practitioner that there might have been a Blood Magic spell he used to do it. What do you think?"

The comment was seemingly innocent.

It would not be the first time that his son asked about magic or magical theory based on whatever research he'd been scouring through at the moment, rambling excitedly about it as if it was the most enthralling subject in the world.

But there was something forced about the casualness of Harry's tone. Something unnerving about the slight tension in his shoulders.

Severus slowly set down his tea and sat back, steepled his fingers and watched his son with the expression he more commonly used on the more recalcitrant of his snakes, when they attempted to hide something from him.

"Harry, I will give you the course of the next twenty minutes to tell me what you're hiding, before I start to investigate the matter for myself. Be assured that if it is anything worthy of punishment you will be better off informing me now than attempting to conceal it from me further."

Harry's eyes widened almost comically. "I--what? No, I'm not--"

"You just attempted to casually engage me in a conversation about Blood Magic," Severus drawled in reply, "you made an almost-convincing effort to misdirect my attention away from the reason for this, through half-truths and a misleading dialogue, but you are twenty years too young to pull the wool over my eyes when it comes to matters of deception. Out with it."

His son appeared to be having a crisis. His breathing turned shallow, lips pursed and eyes wide as saucers. His hands gripped around his teacup.

Severus lifted a brow but didn't speak.

The silence rang like a ticking clock.

Harry bit his lip and looked down at the coffee table, clutching the teacup as if it were a lifeline. He swallowed hard.

"It's... I'm not meant to... I promised I wouldn't..."

"Whenever a child utters the words, 'I promised I wouldn't say anything', to an adult, it is usually an indication that they most certainly should say something."

Harry frowned at his teacup. "I'm not a child."

"Yes, you are," Severus replied, "and as you are a child, my child, I am here to aid you in whatever mess you are currently embroiled in. I cannot do so if I remain ignorant, and if you think you can hide this from me forever, you are severely underestimating my abilities as a spy. I suggest you cut your losses and tell me now."

Harry sighed and closed his eyes, the regret palpable in expression, as if betraying someone's confidence. Then, he looked up at Severus and his sorrow rang deep and devastating.

His voice trembled as he spoke, hesitant.

"It's about Theo..."

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Hope you all enjoyed the chapter. Thank you again for all the wonderful kudos and a big welcome to all the new subscribers. Also, thank you so much to everyone who left a comment, you really make my day. Again, apologies for being so terrible at replying, but know that I read every comment and I appreciate every single one.

    I'm going to be posting again on Friday 17th December, so see you all in a fortnight.

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 37
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

When Harry was finished stutteringly telling Snape about Theo, about his mother's murder, about how Theo won't leave without the books, even though his father likely hurts him, and about the plan to save the Nott Library and get Theo out of there, his father fell very silent.

Unnervingly silent.

The wizard sat back in his chair and stared unblinkingly at the wall behind Harry, a gleam in his eyes that told of a barely-buried rage toward the Nott patriarch, and Harry hadn't been more aware of the fact that his father was capable of murder since the night he confessed it to him.

"Er, please don't kill him," Harry said, swallowing hard.

His father doesn't blink or budge. He barely seemed to breathe.

"Please," Harry said, "I know that he might really deserve it, but I don't want you to get in trouble. If you ended up in prison..."

That finally snapped his father out of his rage-filled fugue state, he blinked and turned back to his son, clearing his throat and packing away his anger. "I will attempt to resist the urge, for your sake. You're absolutely certain that Mr Nott will not be persuaded to leave the collection behind?"

"He said he'd rather be tortured," Harry grimaced, "and the way he said it..."

"You're not certain if he's exaggerating or speaking from experience," his father finished, his jaw twitching as buried the urge to plot Lord Nott's murder. "Much as I'd like to throw the wretched man in prison and leave the whole damned collection to get burned by Ministry thugs--as priceless as they may be, Mr Nott's safety is my priority in this case--neither of us can prove Lord Nott committed the murder without young Mr Nott's witness testimony. We might be able to use the Library as a means to get Lord Nott arrested, tip off the Ministry that there is a collection of Dark Artefacts. It would be enough to get him imprisoned, but--"

"Even if I wanted to do that, which I don't, I couldn't anyway, because of the alliance with the Malfoys. I made a promise 'to oppose the Ministry and Light-aligned Houses in attempts to seize the rightful properties of the Dark-aligned Houses, and to offer my aid and support in preventing the raid of these Houses'. If the Ministry were to open an investigation into a murder, grievous injury or kidnapping then I have a get-out clause, but until then I can't do anything or I'll be breaking my bond."

Snape huffed and rubbed his eyes. "And as I am your direct family, I am bound by the same. Which means that the only way of getting rid of Lord Nott--short of murder, which is still my preference at this point--is to save the Nott Library and persuade young Mr Nott to testify. Damn it all."

"So you'll help?" Harry asked, a burst of hope swelling in his chest as he wondered if maybe he hadn't completely messed everything up after all.

"You really haven't left me many alternative options, have you?" Snape said, with an admonishing half-glare. "I certainly can't imagine there will be much persuading of Theodore Nott to reconsider."

"Er, no..." Harry said slowly. You'd probably have an easier time convincing a fish to deliver a letter.

His father sighed, then smiled sadly at Harry. "I admire your efforts to aid your friend, Harry--and I understand that you just wish to help him out of a dangerous situation--but I wish you'd come to me immediately... surely you know by now that you can trust me?"

Harry's heart sank into his stomach. "I do! I do, er, sir, I just... Theo was reluctant to tell anyone, even Neville and I, and..."

His dad nodded, sighing. "You didn't want to betray his trust. I know. But there are times that you must do so if you wish to do the right thing and help those you care about. Often they will forgive you, if given time, but if not then at least you have kept them safe. Their lives are more important than maintaining that trust and I will always try to listen and respect your fears if, such as in the case of Mr Nott, you believe that my approach will not be suitable. I'm your father, Harry... your problems are mine, understood?"

Harry's eyes burned and a strange warmth spread through his chest. He nodded and blinked away the urge to cry with relief. "Yes," he croaked, looking down. "I'm--I'm sorry I didn't tell you first."

Snape cleared his throat and nodded. "Yes, well--I know what it is like to be unaccustomed to asking adults for help. Please just try and remember that I am always here for you."

Harry nodded, staring at the coffee table and clearing his throat. "So, uh, what now?"

"Well," Snape sighed, sitting back, and rubbing a hand over his eyes tiredly, "most crucially, I suppose, I'll need to speak with a practitioner of Blood Magic."

#

Harry watched from a first floor window on the evening of January 5th, when the carriages came in from the Hogwarts Express. He watched as students stepping out into the chilly January air and his gaze swept across the procession until he spotted them.

Draco stepped out the carriage first, arms waving as he explained something animatedly, Hermione stepped out after, chattering and interrupting. They weren't quite arguing, but definitely bickering, then Blaise followed after them, smirking in amusement at the other two.

Someone cleared their throat behind Harry and he whirled to see Neville hiding a smile. "Doing some old fashioned Slytherin sneaking, huh?"

Harry huffed. "Not as well as you are, apparently."

Neville grinned. "I won't tell," he said, "come on, let's get to dinner."

Draco jumped from the Slytherin table and near-tackled Harry when he and Neville stepped into the hallway. The first words through his mouth were: "Oh, thank Merlin, you're wearing the new clothes."

"Nice to see you too, Draco," Harry replied.

Draco dragged him over to the table and he was about to sit down before he realized that Neville was still followed them. He frowned and blinked in confusion as Neville took a saved seat beside Theo as if this was all perfectly normal.

The rest of the table exchanged looks but didn't dare be the first to ask what was going on. Instead, Draco reached into his pocket and pulled out the joke voucher book with pomp and poise and flicked through it with a gleeful smirk. "I think I'll go with the Silver Service voucher, please."

Harry sank and sighed, then straightened into character as he collected the voucher. He really should have known better than to expect Draco to wait a couple of days before he took advantage. "Right away, sir. What will you be having this evening?"

Draco gazed appraisingly across the food on the table. "I will have the pork chop, with apple puree on the side, a medley of roasted vegetables and, hmm, is that sweet potato mash or swede?"

"I believe the elves are serving carrot and swede mash this evening, sir," Harry replied, ignoring the various slack-jawed and gleefully vindictive faces around the table.

"Excellent, that will do nicely," Draco said, pompous as he ever had been. "And the pumpkin juice, as well. Keep the glass topped up. A good server never lets the guest pour their own drink or see the bottom of their glass."

Harry was already regretting this voucher booklet idea.

"What was that?" Pansy demanded, watching carefully as Harry artfully arranged Draco's plate.

"My Christmas gift," Draco said, flicking through the tiny book of vouchers. "Harry gave me these tokens for me to hand over with specific conditions of use. The Silver Service voucher requires Harry to play waiter for a meal lasting no more than two courses, for no more than two hours. I've also got a voucher for one free favor--with rather a lot of conditions for exceptions, etcetera--I plan to use it to burn the worst of his old wardrobe."

Harry choked, struggling to keep up the act in favor of glaring at his 'best friend'. Unfortunately, his next-best friends, Neville and Theo, were both subtly smirking at his suffering from the other side of the table.

I should have been a Hufflepuff. Susan and Hannah wouldn't have done this to me.

"Oh, excellent choice!" Blaise grinned. "We can make a whole party of it. A controlled bonfire. I'd suggest we dance around it and cackle but it's likely to get us arrested."

Pansy reached over for the voucher book. "Let me see that," she said.

Draco handed it over as Harry finished arranging his meal and set it down with as much pomp as he could. "Pork chops with apple puree, served with a medley of roasted vegetable and a buttery carrot and swede mash," he announced, pouring out the pumpkin juice. "Will that be all, sir?"

"Yes, thank you," Draco smugly replied.

Pansy gasped as she spotted the voucher at the back of the booklet. "King for a day--oh, Harry, what were you thinking?"

The whole table crowded around in horror and amazement as they passed around the booklet while Harry quietly served himself.

"In his defense, the terms and conditions are excellently crafted," Draco said. "Father was very impressed. I'm saving that one for my birthday."

"Oh, of course. You definitely should," Pansy agreed. "Harry, you know--my birthday is coming up on the--"

"Absolutely not," Harry cut in, while Blaise snickered gleefully.

When dinner was finally over and Harry had suitably served dessert and kept Draco's glass topped up, they said goodbye to Neville and headed back to their common rooms.

When the rest all sat in their usual spots by one of the fireplaces, Harry continued walking to the dorm room. Draco sucked in a breath and jumped to his feet, a gleam of panic in his eyes. "Where are you going?"

Harry turned and grinned. "I'll be right back."

When he walked back with Jiffy's quilt, sank into the seat next to Draco and draped it over their laps, Draco's expression filled with relief--likely he'd been worried that he'd taken the Silver Service thing too far. "Oh," he said, brushing his hands over the quilt and admiring the handiwork, "this is nice. Is it handmade?"

"Yeah," Harry said, grinning, "it's a future family heirloom."

Draco lifted his brow in query but didn't press. He just sat back on the chair under the quilt and regaled Harry with all the details of his Christmas holiday.

#

On Tuesday evening, Mill went around informing the usual seven-aside football teams that she'd managed to book the Quidditch pitch for their game the next day.

"The Quidditch pitch? Why?"

"Well, everywhere else is gonna be covered in snow," she reminded him. "Hooch keeps the charms going around the Quidditch field to keep it dry. The teams only really use the practice pitch, so this one is free most days, so she's happy to let us make use of it, so long as we aren't flying."

It was casually said, but there was something about it that set off Harry's 'Slytherin Scheme-Detector'.

On the Wednesday, when the football teams finished transfiguration class and got to the stadium the Wolves started to head for the changing rooms.

"What are you doing?" Harry frowned.

"We'll be right back," Mill said, and there was definitely a smirk on her lips now.

"Well," Susan said beside him as she noticed that the Weasley twins were now escorting people into the stadium stands, Harry was fairly certain some of them were making bets, "that can't be good."

Mill and Dean's team emerged with matching black-blue uniforms. The Wolves wore a wolf's head crest on their chests with a stripe down the side and properly fitted, studded football shoes.

Then, Harry spotted some upper-year Hufflepuffs carrying goalposts onto the pitch and setting them up.

The Wolves swaggered over and smirked.

"Looking scared there, Harry," Mill said, grinning.

Harry was, a little.

Then Dean Thomas threw back his head and howled, Mill followed and then the rest of the team. Howling loudly into the stadium. After Fred and George joined in, so did a few of the audience members.

"Uh..." Harry choked, staring at Mill. "What are you doing?"

"Branding. Marketing," Mill said, indicating to the curious stands of fellow students who were suddenly intrigued to see what was going to happen next. "Gotta get people's attention somehow if we want to bring football properly into the Wizarding World."

"Also, we're preparing to completely destroy you," Dean added.

"That too," Mill said.

"Come on, Miller," Dean said, cracking his knuckles, "let's get to work."

True to their word, the Wolves completely destroyed the Bears. Not for the first time, but this defeat felt particularly humiliating. The scattered spectators in the stadium howled in triumph each time Dean scored a goal and sighed in relief at every near-miss that Mill managed to keep from the goal.

When they finished and the Wolves were howling in victory, Susan gathered the Bears together with the light of battle in her eyes and a spark of determination that made Harry remember that one documentary he saw about honey badgers, and how they were basically the most dangerous animal on the planet.

Harry was quickly reconsidering his opinion on Hufflepuffs.

Maybe Slytherin was safer.

"We need to step up," Susan said, "branding, extra practice--"

"I can get my father to sponsor us and have a uniform made," Justin Finch-Fletchley said, "he's football-mad."

The Bears spent the rest of the afternoon hunched around the Hufflepuff table, plotting their revenge while the Ravenclaws and Slytherins on the team drew up plays and game plans.

#

At the end of the week, during their free last period, Blaise, Theo and Draco all intermittently disappeared from the common room. Draco muttered something about needing to talk to Professor McGonagall, Blaise proclaimed that he was off to find people cultured enough to keep him from descending into an intellectual coma.

Theo just kind of wandered off.

Draco left behind Crabbe and Goyle, who had reinserted themselves as bodyguards since the start of term, and Harry really didn't have to make much of convincing act when he told them he was off for a nap, then shut the curtains around his bed and grabbed the Invisibility Cloak out of his trunk.

He felt nervous about using it when he'd not agreed to with his dad, but he felt the spy would understand the necessity in this case.

Harry managed, after a few failed attempts, to apply the silencing spell on his feet that Snape had shown him, then slipped out the dorm room and waited for a third year to open the common room entrance and made his escape.

He followed the same route through the library stacks as last time, making his way to the section on the History of Magical Economics, and it was not long before the sound of bickering drew him to their location.

"--it was a compliment!" Draco's voice insisted. "For Merlin's sake, you're just looking for things now!"

"I've told you before, comments like that are only a compliment if you're of the mind that being a 'pure-blood' is the bench-mark for intelligence and magical ability, and that anyone that is not 'pure-blood' is naturally inferior until they prove otherwise, and that those who are 'pure-blood' have a natural place of competence that us impure-bloods only deign to strive for."

"I just meant that if you're raised in a pure-blood home then you're bound to get more experience with magic!"

"Then use the term wizard-raised, as is correct. If someone is a half-blood raised in a magical home then they have the same advantages as a 'pure-blood'."

Draco huffed. "Fine, but will you stop saying pure-blood like that."

"Like what?"

"With quotation marks, I can damed well hear them."

"I don't know what you're talking about but if I did, I'd tell you that the notion of blood purity is a fiction invented by bigots who wish to categorize wizards and witches into class systems, in order to better convince themselves of their own 'superiority'. So if I were using quotation marks, it would only be because I'm not convinced by the mass delusion that 'pure-bloods' exist at all."

"I am not deluded," Draco seethed, as Harry inched closer to peer around the corner, he saw that his friends were glaring at each other, arms crossed, as they sat at opposite ends of the table while Blaise and Theo watched in vague amusement, "and will you stop using damned quota--"

"Children," Blaise drawled, smirking as usual, "fun as this is, are we planning on getting anything done today, or will you be devolving into a another 'debate'?"

Draco glared at Blaise then sighed and unfolded his arms. "Well, we've figured out who Flamel is--I can't believe I forgot, I'm so furious with myself--so, now we've got to narrow down the suspects. Which is no easier now than it was before, since literally everybody and their grandmother would kill to get their hands on the Philosopher's Stone."

"I wouldn't," Hermione said with a judgmental scowl.

Draco rolled his eyes.

"Are we still assuming that the attempted assassin and the would-be-thief are the same person?" Hermione asked.

"Yes," Draco scowled. "Unless they're partners, I don't see how they would be unrelated. I mean, what are the chances of there being two completely unrelated criminals behind all that's happened this year?"

Hermione sighed and appeared to relent. "Fine. So, for suspects, we have: Marcus Flint and Lord Flint, working together, Filch--"

"Take him off," Theo said, "he's a Squib, couldn't have cast the spell."

Hermione scratched the name off her list. "Are we really keeping Trelawney on here?" She asked Theo, grimacing.

"Yes," Theo said, folding his arms.

Harry got the distinct impression that Theo really didn't like the Divination Professor.

"But, I spoke to her before Christmas," Hermione said, "she's obviously a fraud, possibly an alcoholic... but seems otherwise harmless--"

"Perfect cover," Theo said frostily. "She stays on the list."

Nobody dared argue with him.

Hermione cleared her throat and continued. "Are we keeping Professor Vector and Professor Sinistra?"

"Vector's maternal uncle was a known sympathizer," Blaise said, "so we can't rule her out, and Sinistra was a publicly neutral Slytherin in the 70s, from a Dark family. Everyone knows that the Death Eaters were recruiting like crazy back then. You couldn't escape it if you were in Slytherin House. She either kept quiet to avoid being harassed by the Death Eaters--which is the more likely possibility, in my opinion--or she was a recruit, or sympathetic, and kept quiet to avoid detection from the Light."

Draco and Theo winced but said nothing.

Hermione cleared her throat awkwardly, then turned back to her notes. "And then we just have..." She sighed and rubbed her eyes.

"Flitwick and Quirrell," Draco finished, folding his arms and glaring at her. "And I did some research over the summer into the Goblin Rebellion that followed the invention of the Philosopher's Stone. Apparently they wanted to ban the use of it to create gold. Something to do with lowering the value of their crafts, since most their kind were blacksmiths at the time. My father would know more but the minute I ask him he's bound to figure everything out. Point is, they made a treaty with Flamel to prevent him from using the stone to make gold. Perhaps he made some gold with it and now they're trying to seize the stone off him."

"That still doesn't explain why he'd be after Harry," Hermione said. "It also doesn't explain why they'd need to try and steal the stone from the Vault. If he's working on behalf of the entire Goblin Allied Chiefdoms, then they could just shut down the Vault, or seize it."

Draco huffed. "Well, I'm keeping him on the list, and Quirrell, too. I don't trust him, that stutter sounds completely fake, and the whole troll incident stinks of a diversion."

Hermione rubbed her eyes. "Fine," she said, then scowled at the list. "So we've removed one person from the list. Brilliant."

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Thanks again for all those who have clicked the kudos or subscribe button, and a big thanks to everyone who has sent in a comment. Though I am terrible at replying, I read every comment and I appreciate every single one.

    I'm going to be taking a four week pause for Christmas and the new year and then I'll be posting the next chapter on Friday 7th January 2022. I hope you all have an absolutely fantastic winter holiday, whether you celebrate Christmas, Hanukkah, Kwanza, Yule or none at all, and that your new year is infinitely superior to 2021 (fingers crossed).

    See on 7th January!

    ❤️ 🎄 ❤️ 🎄 ❤️

Chapter 38
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“Oh ho ho! Splendid, splendid!” Professor Flitwick said across the room as he watched Neville charm his pineapple to stand and walk about. “Five points to Gryffindors, I think. My, my, my-—the way you’re going, Mr Longbottom, the top spot in class is going to be a very close race this year!”

Neville beamed and grew two inches.

Draco hummed in amazement beside Harry. “Merlin... it’s like he’s a whole different wizard. Lady Longbottom really gave him his father’s spruce wand?”

Theo nodded, focused on his work. “Idiotic hag.”

Draco scoffed. “I told mother, you know? She was horrified. Says that she suspected Lady Longbottom has been very unwell for a while, but dared not say so... given our family history.”

Harry raised a brow at the mention of ‘family history’, but Draco cleared his throat and shook his head, making clear it wasn’t the sort of conversation for class.

As per their new tradition, Neville joined the Slytherin table for dinner that evening, sitting in the spot that Theo always reserved for him (a second year sat in it last week and promptly fled for their life at the force of Theo’s death-glare).

“Did you see that in Charms?” Neville asked, grinning. “I got points--again! At this rate I’ll have made up the ones I lost by the end of the year.”

“I saw, Nev,” Harry said, huffing a laugh, “it’s great--although, I feel like at some point you’re gonna have to stop being so surprised by it.”

Neville grinned even wider. “Do you recon I could get an EE in Charms, if I really worked at it?”

“I think you could easily get an O,” Theo said simply. “In Transfiguration, too.”

Neville blushed hard, then beamed gratefully at Theo and got back to his dinner.

Once Neville had left for the Gryffindor common room, they headed back to their own settled into the usual positions: Theo reading a book by the fire, Draco nicking Harry’s quilt and cosying under it to gossip with Pansy, Tracey, Daphne and Blaise, Mill talking footie with Vince and Greg, and Harry sitting at the desk finishing up his most recent homework from Lucius Malfoy.

This one was an essay on the proposed Muggle Protection Act. It was a follow-up to last week’s essay on the many-staged process of creating a law and getting it passed through the Wizengamot.

Lord Malfoy was a surprisingly good teacher, even long-distance, though it helped that Harry was genuinely enthusiastic about the subject.

“Are you still writing that?” Draco moaned as Harry sat down with the scroll. “I thought you finished it a week ago!”

“I finished the second draft, but then I found this really interesting reference to this book on Goblin Law, and how some of the proposed Muggle Protection Act might effect Goblin safety as, according to the new laws, they technically can’t protect themselves against Muggles. So, I had to do another rewrite.”

Draco stared at him and sighed dramatically. “I’m perpetually astonished you’re not a Ravenclaw. I feel like the Hat might need its charmswork checked.”

“Oh, he’s a Slytherin,” Blaise piped in, smirking knowingly. “Ravenclaws seek knowledge for the sake of it. Slytherins seek knowledge for the aid of their personal ambition. Or, in Potter’s case, world domination.”

Harry rolled his eyes and returned to finishing the essay. He was almost at the end when he paused, an idea striking. “Theo, you mind if I take a quick look at the book? There’s a quote that would really work here.”

Theo gave a put-upon huff and marked his page with a bookmark, then handed it over.

“Theo, you’re reading a book on politics?” Draco asked in utter astonishment. “I thought you hated that stuff.”

“I do,” Theo said, resting back in his seat while waiting for Harry to write down the quote from the chapter on the slow shift in Light vs Dark votes, and then related it to how that would effect the vote to approve the law, “since most the books on politics are written by idiots. This one isn’t bad.”

“Really?” Draco wandered over and took a look at the title. “R.B. Yorkson? I’ve not heard of the Yorksons.”

“That’s because the author is a Muggle-born,” Harry said plainly.

Draco appeared horrified. “You’re referencing--you’re referencing a Muggle-born historian in an essay to my father?”

“Yep,” Harry said.

“Harry... you can’t--father will be furious if you start quoting that sort of Light propaganda. He--“

“It’s Dark,” Theo interrupted, as Harry handed the book back to him. “Neutral, technically, but definitely Dark-sympathetic. She basically calls the Light out. The Dark, too, obviously, there’s a lot of stuff about the rise of purism and its origins, but she doesn’t hold back on accusing the Light of religious suppression.”

“That...” Draco choked on the thought, struggling to make sense of it, “where would a Muggle-born even hear about all that, Dumbledore has been basically rewriting history for decades now--was she a Slytherin?”

“Nope,” Harry said, turning back to his book, “graduated from Fairbairn. Teaches there, too.”

“From--but that’s a Mud-Muggle-born school! Everyone knows that!”

“And apparently their History of Magic curriculum is better than ours,” Harry said.

“Well, it really isn’t a high bar, is it?” Theo muttered, returning to his reading.

Draco stood there silently for a few seconds, having a small personal crisis, while Harry finished up his bibliography and finished up the final draft and set it down for the ink to dry. “Done!”

“Thank Merlin,” Draco sighed, returning to the sofa and pulling the quilt over himself, “now will you relax for five minutes?”

“But... I was gonna start on the reading for--“

“Harry, you will sit down and do something fun or I will make you suffer.”

Harry sighed. “Does reading count?”

Draco narrowed his eyes. “I will allow it, so long as it’s not either a class-related or about politics.”

Harry saluted and grinned, then rushed off to his room to pick something up. When he sat down next to Draco and under the quilt, his friend groaned at the cover.

“Technomancy? For the love of--that’s still a schoolbook!“

“Technically, it’s not a class-related, since Hogwarts doesn’t have Technomacy course. So it meets your conditions.”

Blaise cackled. “See. One hundred percent Slytherin.”

Draco made a cry of helpless frustration, folded his arms and sulked.

Harry flicked to the contents and browsed through the chapter titles before turning to the section titled: ‘Essential Legal Disclaimer: Do Not Skip’. Then Harry settled in for a nice relaxing evening learning about Technomancy.

He bolted from the sofa thirty seconds later as if he were on fire.

“What the hell?!” Draco cried, scrabbling to get the quilt back on him. “You’re letting the warmth out--what are you doing?!”

Harry rushed for the desk and sat back down, pulling a fresh sheet of paper from his satchel and setting the Technomancy book on the table. “I need to do another rewrite!”

“But you literally just finished it!”

“This is gold, Draco! Merlin, why didn’t I think about--oh! I need to write to the author! If I can get them to collaborate then we could get the whole law thrown out!”

“What law?” Theo leaned forward. “You mean the Muggle Protection Act?”

“Yes! See, here--“ Harry opened the book to the legal disclaimer. “‘Despite numerous efforts to petition for the removal or adaptation of this law, and others like it, we have yet to gain an audience with the Wizengamot. The Office for the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts has repeatedly replied with form letters stating that such strict laws are necessary for the safety of the Wizarding community, despite the fact that much of the work of Technomancers has been specifically with the intention of providing better security to the Wizarding community in the new age of Muggle technology.’”

Draco frowned. “I don’t get it. You mean these Techomancers don’t want the law.”

“Exactly! They’ve been petitioning to get others like it removed for years! They say here that the only way you can technically legally perform Technomancy is by being a licensed practitioner--which is a really strict standard to reach, apparently--or being enrolled on a Technomancy course. They can’t even sell any of their work. They have to stick it in a high-security vault or destroy it. Don’t you see? We can use this! The Light are pro-Muggle-born and pro-Muggle. So if we get Muggle-born Professors to come and talk about the effect of something like this on their livelihoods, and their essential research, then the Light is more likely to be swayed than if a bunch of Dark politicians stand up and argue against it.”

Draco appeared dubious. “You want my father to go ask a bunch of Muggle-borns to speak on his behalf, and thereby convince the Wizengamot to allow said Muggle-borns to continue tinkering with Muggle machines, and possibly even sell them to the wider Wizarding public?”

Harry frowned. “You don’t think he’ll go for it?”

Theo snorted. “I think he’d rather hex himself in the privates.”

Harry sank in dismay, then stared down at the textbook, grit his teeth determinedly and picked up a quill. “Well then, I guess I’ll just have to convince him.”

Draco turned pale, his eyes widening with open dread.

#

Severus had only arranged to meet Narcissa that afternoon for a ‘teatime chat’, but it came as absolutely no surprise to the Potions Master at all when Lord Malfoy had arranged a short visit to discuss a certain essay.

“Severus, did you put the boy up to this?” The wizard asked, holding the rather substantial scroll containing the essay in question.

Severus had read it. He’d cackled with delight at the mere thought of Lucius’s horror--the realization that the easy solution to his dilemma lay in doing the one thing his purist pride would never allow him to.

“I truly wish I could claim credit,” Severus admitted, “but this is Harry’s own particular brand of genius.”

“Genius?” Lucius scoffed. “It’s lunacy! I’d be the laughing stock of every Dark house on the Wizengamot! Some would be tempted to vote in favor of the damned Muggle Protection Act out of pure spite.”

“Ah, but they wouldn’t, would they?” Narcissa added, smirking into her cup of tea, likely playing devil’s advocate for the sake of it. She did love to see her husband squirm, on occasion. “Remember the old Slytherin motto: any means to achieve our ends.”

“Not at the expense of my pride and position,” Lucius said, scowling at the thought of ‘lowering’ himself to Harry’s proposed tactic. “Honestly, Severus, I thought you would have spoken to the boy about the importance of choosing who to associate with. The mere suggestion that I go to a school full of Mudbloods for aid--“

“Let me just make something clear to you, Lucius,” Severus said, licking his lips, “I know that you took the position of Harry’s political mentor, in part, with the hopes of persuading him toward a more purist sympathy. You can try all you want, but you will fail in that. It is inevitable.”

Lucius’s eyes narrowed as he slipped the scroll back in his pocket. “You underestimate me.”

“No,” Severus replied. “You underestimate Harry. He is smarter than you realize, more thoughtful and more filled with empathy than you imagine. His ambitious Slytherin spirit is centered around making the world truly a better place for all. In a Hufflepuff I would call it wishful thinking, but you’ve seen what he is capable of. He will keep working his entire life to get it. You know, from reading that essay alone, that he could be a truly pioneering politician. My advice: take a lesson and drive with the change that’s coming, instead of dragging your heels behind him.”

Lucius sighed and stood to his feet. “You know I can’t go along with this. It’s career suicide. Mr Potter’s idea is interesting from a purely theoretical standpoint, but reality is a much more complicated matter. Good day, Severus.”

And then the Lord was dramatically sweeping away in his tailored long summer jacket and out the doors of the parlor.

Severus picked up his tea cup with a smirk. “I give him six months.”

Narcissa scoffed. “You don't know how stubborn my husband can be,” she said.

“I assure you, that Harry’s stubbornness far exceeds it,” Severus replied, unable to completely erase the subtle smile on his face. Narcissa noticed. Of course.

“I take it that you’ve recently received some good news?” She asked knowingly.

“I couldn’t possibly say.”

Narcissa hummed and picked up a miniature cake from the ridiculously extravagant selection. “So, if you’re not here to discuss recent news... may I ask what prompted your visit?”

“I have a request,” Severus said, leaning back and setting down his tea. “The last time I visited, you showed a talent for a magical art that I have very little experience with.”

Narcissa raised a brow. “I wouldn’t say ‘talent’. I know a few spells, I’ve dabbled. What sort of depth of knowledge do you require?”

Severus licked his teeth. “It’s hard to say. For the moment, I need only learn the spell you showed me. But I may need to start familiarizing myself with others... Blood Wards in particular.”

Narcissa exhaled and pursed her lips. “Blood Wards... that’s tricky magic. I know very few practitioners who’ve managed it. Is this about Harry?”

Severus swallowed hard and nodded. “Albus placed Blood Wards around the home of the boy’s relatives, based on Lily Potter’s sacrifice.”

Narcissa frowned. “Albus Dumbledore performed Blood Magic? No, no. Absolutely not. That’s absolutely impossible.”

“Whether you believe it or not, there are Blood Wards up around the property. He must have looked past his squeamishness about--“

“No, Severus, you misunderstand. I’m not saying that he wouldn’t attempt it,” Narcissa replied. “He simply wouldn’t succeed. Same as most Light witches and wizards wouldn’t. Perhaps even you would fail.”

Severus frowned. “Explain.”

Narcissa sighed. “Blood Magic is not like other magic forms. It’s reputation of unpredictability and uncertainty is for a reason. Wizards who come to the Art with the same mindset as they would charmswork or transfiguration will often fail, because they don’t understand that they are not commanding magic to do their bidding, but asking it to.”

Severus scoffed. “Merlin above, Narcissa, is this another speech on ‘the Will of Magic’?”

Narcissa graced him with a stern glower. “Laugh if you wish, Severus, but I’m speaking from experience. In order to perform Blood Magic, one must come with an open heart and ask her to grant the spell. If she deems it as necessary or needed, she will grant your request. That’s why I’ve never met a Light witch or wizard who has mastered it.

“The need is to ask a higher power for permission to complete the spell, and to do so with genuine respect in your heart. Albus Dumbledore couldn’t possibly meet that requirement, he is famously agnostic, so he couldn’t have cast the Blood Wards. I’m not even certain that I could, as it requires a highly experienced practitioner. It is a remarkable magic.”

Severus frowned. “But... there are most definitely Blood Wards around the property. I tested them.”

“I’m not saying there aren’t, but Albus Dumbledore did not put them there. He simply couldn’t have.”

Severus tapped his teacup. “Who do you know who might have been capable?”

Narcissa raised a brow and stared at him. “One name springs to mind.”

Severus felt a cold shudder run down his spine. “That’s--Sirius Black turned traitor. He betrayed the Potters. He couldn’t have possibly--“

“You don’t honestly believe that nonsense, do you?” Narcissa chuckled. “Cousin Sirius would have done anything for James Potter. He would have gladly been tortured to death before he gave up his brother and the Potter family. I’m certain that Albus Dumbledore knew that as well. He likely had his own reasons for putting Sirius in prison. It would be easy enough, with Sirius's flat in Camden filled with Blood Magic tools and tomes.

“Cousin Sirius never was a very Light-minded sort, disagreed with the subjugation of Muggle-borns and refused to follow the Dark Lord but, like I said before, he was completely obsessed with the Blood Arts. Celebrated the Old Holidays, as well, though he stopped attending the Malfoy circle after a couple of years at Hogwarts, so I don’t think you will have run into him there. I have no doubt that Albus Dumbledore didn’t want that sort of influence around young Harry, especially if James possibly left Sirius as magical guardian in his Will.”

Severus grimaced at the horrible vision of his son being raised by Sirius Black. Bile rose in the Potions Master’s throat and he quickly swallowed a mouthful of tea to cover the taste.

"I don't think he could have cast the wards," Severus said, "he wouldn't have had time. He went tearing straight after Pettigrew after Lily and Potter died. He was in prison within a week."

"I didn't say he did it, simply that he was capable. I don't think you realize just how few Blood Magic practitioners there are in Britain, Severus. I'm a casual user, but even I am a rarity by claiming that title. Cousin Sirius was likely one of the only people who could have done it. He is a dying breed, you know, a Master Blood Mage."

Severus scoffed. "Master Blood Mage. Ridiculous."

"It's true," Narcissa smirked, "I can teach you a few spells here and there, show you some of the theory I have collected on Blood Wards, but if you want advice on practical application, where Blood Wards are concerned, you will have to speak to a true Blood Mage, and there's only one I know whose loyalties were likely unswayed by the Dark Lord."

"I'd rather suffer a Crucio," Severus snarled, grabbing a tiny dark chocolate torte from the platter.

Narcissa smiled innocently. "I can see where Harry gets that stubbornness of his."

Severus barely kept from glaring at the witch.

Narcissa chuckled into her tea.

#

When Neville, Theo and Harry met up for their next 'Save The Nott Library' meeting, Harry finally caved.

"I tried asking around." Neville said as they hid away at a tiny desk at the back of the Hogwarts Library. "Apparently you have to have a special license to learn how to make a portkey, so none of the upper years know how. A couple of their parents do, but I think it would get around if I started asking."

"I could ask the upper-year Slytherins to make one," Theo said, tapping the wooden desk between them as he considered their options, "they'd be less bothered about the legalities of it, but they'd probably tell their parents, who might tell my father. Look, we don't need an emergency portkey, I can just--"

"No," Neville said, eyes sharp and tone hard as steel, "we're getting you an emergency portkey. That's final. We'll figure this out somehow."

Harry's nausea rose in his throat as he tried to keep a straight face.

"You alright there, Harry?" Neville asked, brows furrowing with concern. "You're looking a little green."

Harry swallowed hard, opened his mouth to speak and then choked. "Oh god--I told him! I told Snape! I'm so sorry! I'm sorry, Theo. I tried to keep it from him but he just took one look at me and he knew. He could just tell I was lying! Then he gave me this speech about--Neville, why are you grinning?"

Neville smirked with satisfaction while Theo groaned and rubbed his eyes. Then the Gryffindor turned to Theo with a hand held out. "Told you. Three weeks. Pay up."

Theo glared half-heartedly at Harry then reached into his pocket and pulled out a small haul of Honeydukes sweets and chocolate and set them in Neville's hand.

Harry blinked. "You... you made a bet on how long it would take me to tell Snape?"

"Nope," Neville said, pocketing his winnings. "We made a bet on how long it would take you to admit you told Snape. We figured out you caved weeks ago."

Harry's face fell with horror. "No. What. I. No."

"You're pretty terrible at lying to people you care about," Theo added, looking fairly resigned to that fact. "Both of us figured Snape would hear about it eventually. We were going to talk to you about whether to just bring him in on it and try and convince him to help, but then you started acting all shifty and guilt-ridden. I bet that you'd last over a month before you caved and admitted to us that Snape knew."

Neville beamed proudly. "But I know you better. I bet you'd last less than a month."

Harry gaped at them. "You're... such terrible friends."

Neither of them appeared bothered by this accusation in the least.

"So, he'll help?" Theo asked.

Harry sighed and nodded. "He was reluctant, but... I convinced him. He already has a couple of ideas... you're really not mad at me?"

Theo paused. "I was. For a while." He sat back in his chair, shrugging. "If you'd told any other grown up, I'd be furious, but since it's Snape... I've heard stories about him helping other students out. Mostly I was just worried that he'd make me leave the collection behind... he won't, right?"

Harry shook his head. "I think he would have, if things were different, but he knows it's non-negotiable. He'll help."

Theo closed his eyes and breathed a visible sigh of relief.

"We're... he's looking into some ways of helping--you know, other spells to help copy the library--but he's not sure whether it will work, so we should probably still try and go along with our idea. But, well, in the meantime he can help with the safety plan, at least. He's got a whole bunch of ideas in mind for that. He really hates the idea of sending you back to your dad, if I'm honest."

Neville stared at Harry curiously. "What other methods of copying? Did we miss something?"

Harry cleared his throat. "It's... uh, I can't talk about it. But, hopefully it'll work. If it does, then... well, it would be really good."

Theo and Neville exchanged a 'Look' and then nodded slowly. "Alright," Theo said slowly, "well... okay then."

Harry smiled awkwardly at his friend.

Neville cleared his throat. "Well, er, I guess if we're being honest about stuff... there's something I kinda need to tell you."

Harry lifted a brow. "Are you okay?"

Neville winced and nodded. "Yeah--I mean, I am. It's just... uh," he swallowed and gripped his hands together ahead of him, "when McGonagall started helping Kingsley get custody... well, my Gran said that she'd only sign the papers if I told her in person. She... she said that if I wanted to walk away from my family, then I could have the guts to tell her to her face, like true Longbottom would."

"Merlin," Harry whispered in disbelief.

Theo was scowling as if he was thinking about murdering someone. "You're considering it?"

Neville winced. "Kingsley told me that I shouldn't, that there's no guarantee that she'll still sign them and it could be seriously traumatizing. McGonagall more or less agreed with him, but she reluctantly agreed that it might get to the point where we're running out of options. My Gran is r-really digging in. I mean... we're getting to the point where it's either that or I... I'll have to cut her off until she agrees. Throw her out her own house. Or maybe even go to court and prove she's incompetent. She could wind up... sectioned, like my... my p-parents... I r-really don't want to do that."

Harry's mouth tasted of bile. "Still," he breathed, "Neville, it's a big step... going to see your abusers, especially someone like your Gran, it's going to be horrible."

"She'll get inside your head," Theo pointed out, "guilt you into backing down. She knows all your sore spots, Neville. She'll use them against you. She's too ill to care how cruel she's being."

Neville closed his eyes and sighed. "I... I don't want to, but it's a last resort before I... before I have to take other measures. I can't go back to living with her and Algie. Not even for a day. I-if it gets to the end of Easter and there's still no sign of backing down, then... I th-think I've gotta do it. If she still doesn't..."

Harry felt like he'd vomit. Theo looked much the same. "I get it," Harry whispered, reaching forward and putting his hand over Neville's tightly clenched fists. "Will Kingsley be there?"

Neville looked up at him with glittering eyes. "Sh-she won't let Kingsley be in the r-room. I-I'd be with McGonagall, b-but--"

"And us," Theo said, one hand going to Neville's shoulder. "We'll go there with you."

Neville sniffed and the tears broke. "R-really?"

Harry nodded. "Of course we will, Nev. You're our best friend. We couldn't let you do that alone."

Neville sniffed, tears of relief streaming, then he launched himself over the small desk at his very stiff friends and bawled while both the Slytherins awkwardly patted him on the back.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello all!

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter and that you all had a wonderful Christmas and New Year. Thanks again for all the kudos and comments, I appreciate every single one, and I once again apologize for being truly terrible at replying.

    I'll be publishing the next chapter on Friday 28th January.

    Stay safe!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 39
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Harry woke up on the 1st February with Draco rummaging through the clothes in Harry’s drawer and dumping a great big pile on his bed.

“Wha’?” Harry blinked, rubbing his eyes, still utterly knackered from staying up half of last night writing notes from his Technomancy book and comparing it with the new proposal for the Muggle Protection Act. He didn’t actually remember falling asleep but, judging from the fact his books were still laying open on his bed and his face was resting on a pencil, he must have closed his eyes mid-sentence. “What are you doing?”

“Figuring out what I want to burn first,” Draco drawled, picking up a mustard yellow t-shirt that Dudley got from a trip to Disneyland that Harry had spent at Mrs Figg’s house. It had a half-peeling Mickey Mouse on it and a giant hole in the arm. “This goes to the top of the list.”

“Wait, huh?” Harry frowned. “You were serious about that--the burning my stuff thing.”

“Perfectly,” Draco said, throwing the shirt on the bed. “We can consider it your Imbolc pre-spring cleaning. What better way to spark a new beginning than to set aflame the tattered remains of this offensive decaying wreck of a wardrobe. I’m sure the Goddess Brigid would wholly agree with me.”

“Imbolc?” Sleep-weary and brain still foggy, it took a few seconds for Harry to catch up, remembering the run-through of the Pagan holidays that Theo had given him over the Christmas break. When he finally remembered, he snapped up in bed. “Imbolc--that’s tonight!”

“Yes, it is,” Draco said. “Tonight through to tomorrow sunset, but we usually celebrate it after dark on the 1st.”

Harry nodded. “Right, yeah, um, cool.”

Draco looked up at him. “You’re not nervous, are you?”

“No,” Harry said, a little too quickly.

Draco smirked. “Don’t be. It’s not going to be anywhere near as spectacular as Yule was. Underwhelming by comparison, I expect. I suspect it will be impossible to top that Yule for the rest of my life.”

Harry swallowed. “And Dumbledore... he doesn’t suspect anything, does he?”

“Contrary to popular belief, he is not omniscient, no matter how much he likes to pretend he is,” Draco drawled, picking up the school shirt that Harry wore on his first day back to school last year, after he got sick--the one that Jiffy fixed up for him. “Otherwise, he’d have put a stop to it by now.”

“Er, don’t burn that one,” Harry said.

Draco lifted a brow. “It can’t possibly fit you anymore. It’s far too small.”

Harry cleared his throat and winced. “It’s... sentimental.”

Draco watched him carefully, a knowing and suspicious gaze, then he folded the shirt neatly and set it back in the bottom of the drawer and continued on his mission.

#

The Inter-House Study Group that morning was the day it all started to come together. Harry had been beginning to worry that their plan had failed, but when he sat down with his friends from the other Houses, Susan Bones cleared her throat and exchanged a ‘Look’ with the other Hufflepuffs.

“Harry... we were wondering, did anyone ever find out what happened at the Slytherin-Gryffindor game? You know, with the rogue Bludger. There was an investigation, right?”

Harry tried to keep his face straight as his heart pounded wildly. “Er, no. Not really. I mean, Snape wanted to look into it but Dumbledore took it off his hands. Haven’t heard anything since.”

Beside Susan, Justin frowned. “But that Bludger almost killed you... and it was obviously targeting you. Dumbledore is still investigating, right? Has he spoken to you about it?”

Harry shook his head, then shrugged. “I guess he’s pretty busy with other stuff.”

Susan didn’t appear happy about that. “Harry... that’s not right. I mean, someone tried to murder you. If he didn’t have time to investigate then he should at least have contacted the Aurors to do it instead.”

“It’s not that big a deal,” Harry said. “I mean, stuff like that happens all the time here, right--I thought it was a wizard thing.”

Hannah and Susan frowned and then exchanged another ‘Look’. Padma Patil’s brows lifted and she leaned across the table. “What, exactly, ‘happens all the time’?”

“Well,” Harry said, scratching the back of his head. “You know, life-threatening incidents, the Troll stuff, the corridor--I figured that wizards had a more sort of carefree attitude to personal safety stuff.”

Susan and Hannah recoiled in horror. Michael Corner blinked, mouth bobbing with a realization. “Wait--have you actually been on the third floor corridor? What’s in there! How did you get in!?”

Harry winced and avoided the lingering eyes of Hermione, Neville and Theo, who were all watching him carefully. “Well, someone put extra protections over the door afterwards, but before that we got stuck running from Finch one night and we stumbled on the door. One Alohomora and we slipped inside and... we nearly didn’t spot the Cerberus until it was too late.”

The whole table paled. Susan’s eyes widened. “A... there’s a Cerberus on the third floor? The Headmaster stuck a giant, three-headed man-eating beast on the third floor... behind a single locked door... in a school full of underage wizards and witches.”

“I... well, someone’s put wards up now.”

Susan didn’t appear much appeased by this.

Harry tried very hard not to break out into a stereotypically devious Slytherin grin. It would have been a bit of a giveaway.

“What was that with the third floor corridor, anyway?” Terry Boot asked, frowning. “I mean... it’s weird, right. Shutting down a whole corridor and then putting a dangerous beast there.”

“Yeah, but Dumbledore does weird stuff all the time,” said Pavarti. “He must have done it for a good reason.”

“That doesn’t make it any less dangerous,” Padma countered. “I mean... I thought he was exaggerating about the ‘pain of death’ stuff, but if he actually stuck a bloody Cerberus up there, why didn’t he put the wards up faster. I mean, someone could have really gotten hurt.”

Several of the Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws nodded and frowned.

The Gryffindors and Slytherins stayed pointedly silent on the matter.

When the study group finished, Susan Bones pulled him aside. “Listen, Harry... if anything else that seems somewhat, um, life-threatening happens, could you do me a favor and let me know?”

Harry set his brow into a confused frown, then nodded. “Sure, I guess so.”

Susan smiled tightly, then waved a goodbye.

Neville lifted a brow at him when he went to leave, to which Harry responded with a casual smirk and a shrug.

Harry headed back to the common room after that, with Theo on one side and Blaise on the other.

“I don’t know what you’re planning,” Blaise said, “but I like it already.”

Harry tampered down a grin. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

Theo hummed dubiously beside him.

#

Harry couldn't shake the nerves tingling under his skin as they sat around the common room that evening, pretending everything was as normal.

He sat at the sofa under his quilt, trying to read his Technomancy book and mostly just staring incomprehensibly at a single page while he tapped his foot.

"Why are you panicking?" Draco asked beside him, whispering low despite everyone around them being 'in the know'.

"I'm not panicking."

"You clearly are," Draco huffed. "It's not the first time you've done this. I don't understand why you're worrying so much."

Harry wasn't sure why either. Logically speaking, visiting Malfoy Manor was much more complicated than just 'going for a walk' around Hogwarts, but some part of Harry couldn't settle, worrying about what could happen.

"It's--" Harry sighed, "it's different, you know... being right under His nose. I mean, what if I get caught? What if he knows that this is going on, and he's let it go for now because you're underage, but as soon as he sees me going he'll start on the attack. What if he suspects something and he uses it against me. I... I can't afford for this all to go wrong right now."

Draco scoffed. "Merlin, if you really think Dumbledore would let this go on under his nose then you clearly underestimate just how much he hates our kind. If he knew what was going on, he'd be running interventions and locking us up every holiday. He doesn't because Professor Snape knows how to play him. If you can't trust the fact that we have been running these meetings for centuries without being caught, then at least trust that Professor Snape is smarter than Albus Dumbledore could ever hope to be."

Harry felt a smirk twitch at his lips. Draco's eyes glittered with mischief and he lifted a brow toward Harry, as if daring him to disagree.

"Alright," Harry smiled. "I guess I can trust that."

Draco nodded in satisfaction. "Good. Now read your obscenely dull book."

Harry did.

A little while later, a few people in the common room began to subtly get up and 'take a walk'. The upper years were much more casual about it than the younger ones were, getting their books and heading for the common room entrance as if they were just finding a quiet spot to study.

In their group, Mill got up first, with Vince and Greg following after her, then Theo and Blaise got up, then Pansy and Daphne.

Draco nudged him. "Come on," he smirked, shoving a fraying rucksack full of Dudley's old clothes at Harry. "Let's take a walk."

It turned out that Draco meant that quite literally.

They walked around in casual circles on a winding route that Harry entirely lost track of, sometimes running across other Slytherins who were also 'taking a walk'.

"Are we going to be stopping somewhere at some point?" Harry murmured to his friend, adjusting his grip on Dudley's old school rucksack.

"Eventually," Draco drawled.

Harry huffed.

As they turned the corner and passed a Slytherin prefect, Gemma Farley, who was standing by looking innocent, he saw the upper-year waving her wand with casual ease and mutter an incantation under her breath.

Draco pretended not to notice, so Harry did the same, and they passed Farley undisturbed.

"What was that?" Harry whispered.

"Checking us for tag-alongs," Draco muttered in reply. "Can't be too careful."

They turned another corner, then another, down a route that Harry hadn't taken before and he was fairly sure he'd never thought existed, then when he turned one last corner, to a long, dim corridor, he spotted a figure in dark clothing resting casually at the end. A pair of obsidian eyes looked up and met Harry's.

The young wizard smiled nervously at his father in reply.

He spotted Snape's wand out the bottom of his sleeve, waving a subtle pattern and his lips forming a quiet incantation as he did one last check for followers.

"Good evening, Professor Snape," Draco said, stopping as they reached him at the end of the hallway, beside 'Potions Lab 5', which Harry hadn't known existed.

"Good evening, Mr Malfoy," Snape replied. "I trust you've had an uneventful one."

"Utterly unremarkable," Draco said.

Harry's father hummed a pleased but unsurprised sound, then reached into his pocket. "Mr Potter, I have something you should see. Please read this and make certain that Mr Malfoy does not glimpse the contents."

Harry blinked in confusion as Snape handed him a folded note. He cleared his throat and turned so that Draco couldn't see, then opened the note.

'The statue of the Druidess rests to the left-hand side of Potions Lab 5.'

Harry looked up in confusion, then turned to stare at the door of Potions Lab 5. He turned to look at the spot to the left of it, the blank wall, but as he stared at it he noticed the brick almost seem to shimmer apart, rippling and expanding as a beautiful stone face was revealed, half-concealed under a hooded cloak, rolling curls falling down her shoulders. The stone figure looked down, almost appearing to watch them where they stood.

Harry sucked in a breath and stared at the statue, wide-eyed, while Snape plucked the slip of paper away from him again. "Wha--"

"Shh," Draco hissed quietly, "we don't talk about it outside."

Harry swallowed, then nodded.

Draco looked one last time at Snape, who muttered another incantation and checked the hallway, then turned to the Malfoy Heir and nodded.

Draco turned to the statue and whispered, "Illuminare."

The statue almost seemed to groan as stone grated on stone, then the figure of the cloaked woman, the Druidess, drew aside and a long, dark passageway was revealed within.

"You first, Mr Malfoy," Snape drawled.

Draco rolled his eyes and stepped inside, walking a few steps and waiting just out of earshot, lighting his wand with a Lumos.

Harry turned and looked up at his father, who smiled at him comfortingly and placed a hand on his shoulder. "Go on, I'll see you inside when I'm done here."

Harry swallowed and nodded, then headed down the hallway toward Draco. He heard Snape mutter something and the statue grind shut behind him. Harry swallowed hard and flicked his wrist, sending his wand out of his holster and into his hand with a mere thought, then whispered a Lumos.

Ahead of him, Draco was waiting patiently, wand already alight. He tipped his head toward the darkened passageway, then began to walk.

"Who was she?" Harry asked. "The Druidess, I mean."

Draco shrugged. "Nobody ever really recorded the names of the Druids and Druidesses."

Harry frowned. "Why not?"

"It was a bit of a dangerous profession, in case you hadn't noticed," Draco drawled, his free arm waving to the hidden passageway they walked through. "They tended to remain underground, anonymous. The Druidess statue is one of the few remaining pieces of evidence that they even existed at all at Salazar's time. The rest is all hearsay and rumor, at this point."

Harry nodded. "What's the difference between a Druid and a regular practitioner, then? Are they not the same thing?"

Draco laughed, then peered back at Harry. "No, definitely not the same. Druids had a connection to the Will of Magic that was utterly unparalleled. They could perform magics that we can now only theorize on, let alone replicate. It's not the same at all. Father says that the Pagan worshippers lost almost everything when we lost the Druids. Now we can only access a sliver of the sorts of magic that they performed."

Harry walked quietly for a moment. "What happened to them?"

Draco shrugged, eyes ahead, watching the dark passageway. "By the time the Statute was enacted they'd all but disappeared. Story goes that the Muggles got most of them, during the Burning Times, but father thinks the Light got to them... a mass execution."

Harry swallowed hard.

Merlin, he really hoped they hadn't. But, Harry had read the history of the Light-Dark conflict and it really wasn't outside the realm of possibility.

Harry decided that maybe he'd rather not dwell on the possibility that the Light murdered a load of people for nothing more than their religious beliefs.

He cleared his throat. "So... that was a Fidelius, right? A real one."

Draco nodded. "A real one. Snape is the primary Secret Keeper. He's a real stickler of one as well. He'll only let someone see the location written down once, after they've been watched for several hours for signs of using Polyjuice. Hence the 'utterly unremarkable' comment. If you forget the location and ask someone for directions he sits you down for a whole interrogation. It's apparently rather terrifying."

Harry blinked. "Wait, is that why Vince pat me down for suspicious substances earlier and why Greg peed in the urinal beside me when I went to the bathroom?"

"Of course it is. What on earth else would they have done it for?"

"I honestly don't know," Harry admitted. "I just assumed they were being... Greg and Vince."

Draco huffed an amused sound. Behind them, Harry heard more voices whispering, making their way through the passageway, and more voices muttering up ahead. "We should be close," Draco said, keeping his voice low.

They walked for a little longer, as the passage grew narrower and a doorway became barely visible at the end.

As they got to the end, Draco knocked three times and it opened wide.

Inside was a familiar face.

Professor Sinistra.

She smiled kindly at Harry as he gawked and nodded her head in greeting. Harry couldn't help but remember what Blaise said about her coming from a Dark family.

He honestly hadn't expected any other staff members to be practitioners.

"Blessed Imbolc," she said, her wand hand hidden within her long sleeves.

"Blessed Imbolc," Draco replied, while Harry quickly muttered the same.

"Welcome, Mr Potter, Mr Malfoy. We're almost ready to begin."

Harry expected a room. A hidden basement somewhere or a shadowy temple, like the one at Malfoy Manor.

This wasn't anything like that.

This was a grove.

The door opened onto a quiet copse of trees, with a small empty meadow in the center where a bonfire sat, still unlit, as people mingled around it, while the moon shone overhead.

"Stay away from the trees," Professor Sinistra told him, pointing to the point where the woodland began. "That's where the forest starts. There are old powerful wards up to keep us safe and undisturbed, but once you step outside of them, you are out of their protection."

Harry swallowed hard. "The Forbidden Forest?" He whispered, as if something dangerous might hear them. "We're in the Forbidden Forest?"

Sinistra nodded. "So be careful. The Centaurs respect our practices so long as we respect the boundaries, but the Acromantulas don't respect much of anything."

Harry felt suddenly extremely sick at the thought of giant spiders lurking outside the boundary of the wards. "The... they can't get in, right?"

"No," Sinistra smiled, "you needn't worry, Mr Potter. The wards around this spot are some of the most powerful in Britain."

Harry nodded and Draco grabbed his hand. "Come on," Draco grinned, dragging him toward their friends, who'd bunched together with a few of the upper years.

"Hey," Theo said in greeting.

"Congrats, Potter. I see you made it through security," said Flint, eyeing him cautiously.

"Just about," Harry said, peering around the small crowd. There had to be barely a dozen students in the grove overall. "There's less people here than I expected."

Flint scoffed. "For Imbolc? This is busy."

"Really?" Draco asked.

"Oh yeah," Flint said. "You don't get many takers for the smaller holidays. Mabon and Ostara get a few more takers than this. People always get a bit more enthusiastic for the Equinoxes, you know. Samhain is the big one, though. Everyone goes to that, even the Houses that aren't in the Malfoy Circle. They usually only practice at home."

Harry peered at Draco, remembering how he stayed behind at Halloween while everyone else snuck off for their Samhain celebration. A warmth prickled at his chest at the thought.

"Usually people stop enjoying the sneaking around by their second year," Flint said, gazing across at the door as the Prefects stepped inside. "It's fun at first, practicing right under Bumblebore's stuck-up nose... but it gets old quickly. Most of the time it's just a couple of dedicated upper years, you firsties and a couple prefects... this is busier than usual."

"Must be because of Yule," Mill said.

Flint grinned at the memory. "Definitely. My dad basically threatened me into coming today. Said I better come to every bloody meeting from now on. Don't think I'm the only one who got that speech after Yule, either."

Theo listened curiously but didn't comment.

Several people glanced at Harry out the corner of their eyes, clearly remembering Snape collapsing and Harry bawling his eyes out in public and nearly calling him dad in front of about a hundred people and several Death Eaters.

After the last of the stragglers had arrived, door opened one last time and Harry's father stepped into the grove. He glanced over at Harry and a barely perceptible smile graced his lips. Then he turned to the students and clapped.

"Everyone, please form a circle. We are ready to begin."

Despite being in an ancient place of Pagan worship that might have been built by Salazar Slytherin himself, or perhaps even built by a shadowy group of Druids who'd been lost to time, Snape still had the air of a disgruntled schoolteacher being asked to work weekends.

Which, Harry supposed, was mostly true.

They all formed a circle around the unlit bonfire. There was just about enough of them to do so while still being in arms reach of each other. Draco stood on his left and Theo on his right, and Harry spotted his dad turn and nod to Sinistra as everyone settled.

"Blessed Imbolc," Professor Sinistra said, stepping forward, speaking in a soft but carrying voice that echoed through the peaceful silence. "Welcome on this night, Brigid's night. The half-way point between the Winter Solstice and the Spring Equinox. The time of renewal and new growth.

"It is time to close the circle."

Harry's hand reached for Draco's and Theo's. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath as something calm and comforting finally settled into his chest. A strange feeling of welcome and home.

"We light a fire this night," Sinistra said, and when Harry opened his eyes she was stepping toward the unlit bonfire, "as we have every year since the founders... we light it to honor Mother Earth, as she returns her power to the sun. We light it to honor of Lady Magic and to honor Brigid... Goddess of fertility, of poetry, of prophecy and divination... to welcome back the blooming snowdrops and the thawing earth. The world stirs around us, warmth slowly burgeoning, and with it... life. We welcome that warmth with this fire of our own." She reached down with a wand in her hand and it lit wordlessly, the fire quickly catching onto the kindling and swirling into life. "We honor Lady Magic. We honor Mother Earth."

Around the circle, people whispered in kind, most whispered the same, 'I honor Lady Magic. I honor Mother Earth.' To Harry's right, he thought he heard Theo whisper something else.

Harry sucked in a breath and looked into the fire. "I honor Lady Magic. I honor Mother Earth."

A ripple of something washed through him.

A buzz of power. He heard Draco inhale and then the sound of gasps washed around the circle. It was barely a trickle compared to Yule. A whisper of energy, rather than an avalanche, but Harry still closed his eyes and smiled as he welcomed it. The strange feeling of being tapped into something larger, vaster, and more incredible than he could ever truly comprehend.

He could almost hear it, the magic in this place, stirring to life beneath his feet, trickling from the fire as if emanating from the warmth.

"To those of you seeking that spirit rebirth and renewal," Sinistra spoke, as she walked around the bonfire, "the circle now invites you to cast something to the fire."

Reluctantly, Harry unfurled his hand from Draco and Theo's grips. Both more tight than he expected, and the power that thrummed through the circle settled and seemed to return to the fire. He reached for the rucksack and held it in his hands as other people reluctantly began to walk to the fire themselves, casting inside mementos and offerings, things to be forgotten or set to peace.

He saw Theo step forward as well, while Harry dithered, unsure what to do.

Theo paused, clutching a small item in his hand, then turned to Harry. "Don't overthink it," Theo said. "Just think about what you want to set aside and then lob it in the bonfire."

Harry choked in shock. "Er--thanks."

Theo shrugged, then stared at the fire, closed his eyes, took a deep breath and threw the small item in his hand into the fire.

When Harry caught a glimpse of it, he realized it was a mirror.

Harry's closed up at the memory of the Mirror of Erised. Of Theo bawling, grieving... in so much pain.

Theo returned to his spot in the circle without another word, while Harry's mind whirled.

It made Harry think of Dumbledore.

Of the man that put the mirror in that classroom.

It made Harry remember the reason he was placed on the doorstep of people who hated him, on a November night, all those years ago. On the orders of one man. On the decision of one corrupt wizard. The warlock who had put Harry's safety, welfare and happiness below the fulfillment of some mystery destiny.

Because, to Albus Dumbledore, everyone was a pawn to be used and discarded for the sake of a king.

Harry closed his eyes and thought of all the times he'd felt helpless. Locked in the Cupboard at the Dursleys. Starving hungry and alone. Sick and hurting in a hospital bed, with none of the staff knowing how to help him.

'I'm done letting Albus Dumbledore hurt people,' Harry vowed to himself, the decision rumbling through his chest like magic itself was answering his call.

Then he opened his eyes and threw the rucksack full of tattered cast-offs into the fire and stepped back, turning away, and he could have sworn he felt something lift off his chest as the clothes burned in the fire.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Big thanks again to everyone who left kudos, comments or subscribed. You really make my day.

    Next update is on Friday 18th February. See you then!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 40
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

The small brush of energy that Harry had felt at the Imbolc ceremony, which was barely a whisper of what he felt at Yule, turned out to be a bit of an anomaly in itself.

The minute the circle scattered and people were free to speak, Draco dragged him over to a circle of conspiring Slytherin to burst with glee. “Did you feel that?!” He gasped. “When we honored Lady Magic--Merlin, that energy!”

“I know,” Flint said, eyes wide. “You don’t usually get anything that powerful with a circle this small.”

“Really?” Harry frowned. “That was powerful?”

“For Imbolc, yeah,” Flint said. “The bigger the circle, the more powerful it is. For barely over a dozen witches and wizards, that was huge.”

“Something is going on,” Draco said with certainty, sounding almost vindicated, as if he’d already been thinking on this at length, “father was very shadowy about it, but Yule clearly startled him.”

Pansy nodded. “My father was the same. I don’t think they’ve felt anything like it before. At least, not for a very long time.”

Theo was very quiet, watching the discussion with a thoughtful gaze as if connecting together dots that had been floating about in space. Then, Theo’s eyes fell to Harry, watching him with a quiet sort of understanding.

He wasn’t the only one.

Eyes kept flickering to him. Curious and calculating.

Harry felt suddenly, inexplicably, uncomfortable.

Harry cleared his throat. “Well... uh, I’m knackered. Should really get back to bed.”

“Me too,” Draco said quickly. “I’ll take you.”

Theo didn’t say anything, but he followed them as they walked over to Snape.

“You’re ready to leave?” The man asked, eyes sharp on Harry and the students watching him from a distance.

His father appeared thoughtful.

Harry swallowed and nodded.

They walked through the tunnel in silence. Snape leading the way, Draco just behind him, Theo following behind Harry. Quiet and thoughtful.

When they got to the end, where the statue sat, Snape turned to look at them. “Do not move. I will open the statue for you when I’m certain it is safe to.”

Snape cast several spells on the statue and himself, then cast a spell to turn himself invisible and the statue opened wide, letting them pass.

It was several minutes before Snape was satisfied that the coast was clear and several more students appeared behind them as they waited. Finally, the statue opened to reveal the Potions Professor on the other side.

“Hurry. Just the first three,” he said, seeing the students that had gathered behind, “the rest of you, wait for my signal.”

Harry, Draco and Theo exited and Harry paused as the others went to leave. “I, uh, just need a moment.”

Theo and Draco exchanged a ‘Look’ and nodded.

Harry waited for them to wander off and then began nervously scratching his neck, his mouth dry and throat scratchy as he turned to his father. “So... uh, I’m not--maybe I’m being paranoid, but... I mean, I think that people are convinced I’m some sort of...” he swallowed hard and looked up at his father, who was actually smirking at him. “What?”

“Harry, it is a strange anomaly, indeed, but little more than that. People often tend to assign cause and effect to the wrong data points for the sake of simplicity. Just because the phenomenon began when you arrived, does not make you the cause of it. The true reason for the surges are likely far more complex than whatever fantastic nonsense is running through their heads. I’m certain that time will prove me correct. Eventually it will fade off and people will see that you and the phenomenon are unrelated.”

Harry nodded slowly. “So, you don’t think it’s possible that I’m... that it’s somehow related to me... or something.”

“I think that is extremely improbable, to the point of outright impossibility. It is more likely the earth’s natural magical currents are acting peculiarly at this point in time due to an unrelated natural phenomenon. We understand very little about the nature of wild magic. Try to ignore the rumor mill. People will see sense in time.”

Harry exhaled and nodded. “Alright,” he said, nodding to himself, “okay. That makes more sense. Thanks. Yeah. I, uh, I guess I’ll see you soon.”

“Goodnight, Harry,” his father said, smiling and squeezing his shoulder in farewell.

As the students slowly wandered back to the common room that evening, he felt the eyes of them all, watching him from across the room, whispering in quiet, hushed conversations to one another and sneaking off to their rooms for ‘private chats’ with students ‘in the know’ who hadn’t chosen to go.

It was probably nothing, Harry reminded himself. They’d figure out it was all a coincidence, in time.

#

The Slytherins didn’t lose interest. The stares spread and the whispers grew, still closed within the privacy of the common room, away from the portraits and anybody who wasn’t ‘in the know’, but Harry could feel them watching.

They’d get over it. He was sure they would. Eventually, the strange surges would fade off a little and they’d realize it had nothing to do with him.

He focused on his studies, his extracurricular projects for Lord Malfoy, most of which he somehow used as ways to incorporate in extra information about Technomancy and his idea of how to prevent the Muggle Protection Act (to Lord Malfoy’s apparent dismay).

The weeks flew by far too quickly. He met with the Inter-House study group on weekends, and listened to them gossip and ask him subtle questions.

“My aunt tried to send this to you direct,” Susan Bones said, handing him a note when they were leaving the study group, a week after Imbolc, “your mail wards blocked her... that’s not usually possible for Ministry workers. They must have cost you a fortune.”

Harry blinked, then shrugged. “I wouldn’t know. I didn’t think mail wards were a thing, but I suppose that makes sense. Someone else must be in charge of them. She’d have to ask them.”

Susan’s lips tightened. “Nobody ever spoke to you about your mail wards?”

Harry shook his head. “Thanks for getting this to me.”

“That’s fine,” Susan said. “Maybe she can contact you by through me... to make things easier.”

“If you’re sure. Thanks, Susan.”

The letter from Amelia Bones was very carefully and deliberately worded to sound casual. She asked questions about his experiences at Hogwarts and to speak on some of the ‘concerning rumors’ about student safety. She made it sound as if she was simply making a routine basic welfare check to make certain that further investigation wasn’t required, but Harry could tell there was more to it.

He sat down with Snape and wrote the letter using words that ‘innocently’ and ‘accidentally’ painted a damning and terrible picture, repeatedly assuring her that he was sure it wasn’t a big deal and that he knew Dumbledore was dealing with it, because the Headmaster had told him so.

Twice a week he’d meet with the Bears for some long and grueling football practice, which was a useful way to prevent himself from wasting away in the Library (Harry enjoyed playing with his friends and practicing, but if given the choice his default setting was to grab a book and sit in a dark room by a fireplace).

It was also a good excuse to get away from the whispers of his suspicious fellow Slytherins.

The Wednesday after the Hufflepuff vs. Gryffindor match, their new uniforms arrived, donated by Justin Finch-Fletchley’s football-mad and filthy rich dad, who was more than happy to help bring the footie-spirit to the Wizarding World.

Unfortunately, Justin’s dad’s taste in uniforms was a little questionable.

“They’re very... brown,” Harry said, staring at them.

Justin grimaced at the shorts inside the box. “Brown shorts... oh god, dad.”

“They have red streaks along the sides,” Susan said, trying to sound positive.

“I’m not sure that actually improves them,” Justin grumbled.

“The t-shirts are nice,” Neville said, picking up one. It was red with a brown bear over the heart. “Nice detailing. I like them.”

Justin sighed, grimacing one last time at the brown shorts. “Would a color changing charm work?”

“Only temporarily, unless we got Flitwick to do the lot, and we don’t have time for that,” Susan said. “Don’t worry, the uniforms aren’t important. Our team-work and practice is what matters. It wont be that bad.”

It was that bad.

Dean Thomas burst with hysterical laughter as they stepped out onto the pitch. Then made several loud comments, after he’d recovered enough to breathe, about how they’d strategically picked the color for various reasons that Harry tried to drown out.

Susan grit her teeth and huddled with her team. “Ignore them,” she said, as the wolves cackled and cat-called. “They’re just trying to get inside our heads because we’ve been getting closer to wiping them out for weeks now and that was before we implemented the plan. Stick to the new strategy, keep your heads in the game and we’ll finish them,” she said, eyes glinting with palpable rage. She stuck her hand in the middle, and they piled them on top, then she yelled, “RIP THEM APART!“

“RIP THEM APART!” The Bears yelled, scattering.

Never cross a Hufflepuff, Harry reminded himself.

The Wolves had a few more fans than the Bears did, but everyone loved an underdog, so they’d managed to adopt a few fans of their own. Fred and George split their loyalty down the middle, one on each team--more for the sake of selling merchandise, Harry suspected, than out of a sense of fairness--and tended to mingle amongst the stands, coming up with chants and selling banners and snacks.

There wasn’t much else to do at this time of afternoon on a Wednesday, so they got a fairly good turn-out. Students came for the sake of something to do and, after a while, they started to get into the drama of it. A few of the upper years had started making teams of their own. The fourth years set up two teams, one called the Razorback’s and the other called the Fireballs (apparently both wanted to be called the Dragons and ended up compromising by picking a specific species each).

They started off slow and steady. This time, instead of Justin heading to the goal, as he usually did, Harry headed over, licking his lips and slipping on the goalie gloves. Mill lifted a curious brow at him from the goal on the other side of the pitch, apparently intrigued.

They’d done a sort of informal tryout, a few weeks back. Each of them testing out the different positions to get a feel for who was best at what. Justin liked playing goalie, and he was definitely good at it, but he was better placed elsewhere. Harry, on the other hand, when he’d managed to squash down his instinctive desire to flee from anything that was flying aggressively toward him, was actually a pretty excellent goalie. He had the natural reflexes for it and after weeks of training himself out of fleeing fast-moving footballs (he could thank Dudley and his gang for that instinct) he was finally ready for his debut game as the Bears’ Goalkeeper.

He wasn’t as good as Mill. He knew that for sure. But he was pretty close, he hoped.

Dean Thomas was a hell of a scorer. He was excellent at dodging through a barrage of opposing players, slipping through to best position, so it wasn’t a surprise when Harry ended up having to save his first goal only five minutes into the game.

Dean aimed for the far corner of the goal and Harry made a flying leap for it, grabbing it before it could make it inside and rolling across the ground.

When Harry got up and caught Dean’s eye, the Gryffindor appeared speechless. Harry smirked.

Behind them, the stands began to chant a song that some of the Muggle-raised fans had apparently come up with:

“If you come down to the pitch today, you’re in for a big surprise!

“If you come down to the pitch today, you won’t believe your eyes!

“Coz Wolves, you know, you don’t stand a chance,

“When the grizzly bears, they pick up your scent,

“Today’s the day the grizzly bears eat your faaace off!”

A bit grim, but Harry would take it.

He threw the ball back into play and clapped his hands. “RIP THEM APART, GUYS!”

The game was close. Dean kept barraging Harry with goals and Harry kept catching. Two got past him, but the rest were saved, and while Dean tried to chip away at his defense, Justin and the others chipped away at Mill’s.

After almost an hour of play, they were neck and neck, 2-2. Then, in the last few minutes, Susan managed to get the ball and made a dash for the goal, while Mill prepared her defence. Susan turned, as if she were going to score...

Then she passed the ball to Neville.

With a few seconds to spare, quiet, unsuspecting Neville, who’d managed to sneak close to the goal without the Wolves either noticing or caring, perfectly kicked the ball right past Mill and into the net.

The whole pitch blew up.

Their teammates swarmed him and people in the stands chanted his name. Harry watched with a giant grin as his friend beamed proudly.

When they’d finished, the teams met in the middle and shook hands. Mill smirked at him. “Good game,” she said. “Was that your idea, have him stand around the goal looking all nervous and awkward?”

“Believe me, Neville is perfectly capable of coming up with cunning plots without any Slytherin aid.”

Mill blinked and regarded the Gryffindor carefully. “Right...”

Harry knew she didn’t believe him.

That was what made Neville so terrifying. Neville gazed at you with that disarmingly sweet smile and then perfectly deduced your deepest secrets like he could read your mind.

Harry really hoped his Gryffindor friend never developed a hankering for world domination. The whole world would be at his mercy.

#

Much as Severus loathed sneaking around, casting illegal and dangerous spells on the Hogwarts grounds, his gut swooping every time with the dread that he would be caught and imprisoned, sent to Azkaban before he ever got a chance to complete his plans... what he loathed even more was failing so abysmally to cast a single, simple spell.

He hid himself away in his rooms, his privacy wards set to their highest possible setting, with a ceremonial dagger and a sheet of paper, then pricked his finger and drew a Beorc rune and Gēr rune. He quietly breathed the incantation, memorized to the point of obsession, trying to sing it in the melodic way that Narcissa had taught him, hoping that it would be the trick to this.

He watched with futility as nothing happened. As the blood sat on the sheet, unmoving, as no magic twisted in that almost liquid red magic that he’d seen when Narcissa performed it.

Nothing.

Again.

Not even a ‘rejection’, as Narcissa had called it, that she claimed could happen if ‘Lady Magic is displeased with your request’. Severus felt it was more likely they simply messed up the spell and refused to admit it. But he’d had no success either, clearly.

Fucking Blood Magic.

Useless nonsense.

He slammed the ceremonial dagger down on the table and huffed through gritted teeth, then he wandlessly healed the cut on his finger.

They could not ask Narcissa to aid them directly in copying thee Nott Library, as she was bonded to House Malfoy and therefore unable to work against the interests of the Lord of an allied House. But Severus had no talent for this. He refused to think of it as because of anything so foolish as ‘the Will of Magic’.

Something inside him burned at the knowledge that Sirius Black had somehow mastered a magical art where Severus could barely cast a simple spell.

The only thing that kept him from giving up was the thought of Theodore Nott painstakingly working in that Library, using copying spells and risking torture or worse every day he resided with his bastard of a father.

Severus had a duty to try and use whatever means necessary to help his student get free of this situation.

He promised himself that he would do that, when he started at this cursed job. That he would not let himself become like Slughorn, who waved off abuses and pleas for aid as if they were merely exaggeration, because he could not be bothered to do the extra work required to be a genuine custodian.

Severus burned the evidence and hid the ceremonial dagger buried in the Fidelius-hidden spot where he hid all the things that he intended nobody in this school to find, then picked up a small jewelry box and headed for his office.

It was fifteen minutes later, the precise minute that their meeting was booked, that someone knocked on his door. He called for them to enter and Theodore Nott stepped inside, along with Neville Longbottom and Severus’s son.

Severus watched them close the door and he cast the wards, waiting for them to approach the desk and stand awkwardly ahead of it.

He bore his eyes into them. “Mr Nott, I understand your determination to try and save your family’s heritage. I even admire it. But, you must understand, that I aid you in this endeavor very reluctantly. Your safety is more important, more valuable than those tomes. Your ancestors, I am certain, would agree with me in this. You should not risk to your life to do this, and I beg that you reconsider visiting your father’s home this Easter, or returning there at all.”

Theodore Nott’s jaw tightened and he stared down Severus, determined. “I’m not reconsidering, sir,” he said, not an ounce of give in his tone. “That Library is worth more than you can imagine. My ancestors gave their lives to protect it before, and it’s my duty to do the same, if necessary. I can’t leave it behind. I wont. If you try and turn in my dad to get a warrant for his arrest, I’ll protect him to keep them off our property.”

Severus could tell he was perfectly serious. Theodore Nott may have grown accustomed to keeping secrets, given who he had grown up with, but he was no match for a spy, and Severus could tell that his statement was nothing but the whole truth.

Theodore Nott would happily die to keep that collection safe.

Severus sighed and rubbed his eyes. A terrible weariness overwhelming him.

He thought through his plan, hoping that he would not have to leave the boy to languish there long. Without Theodore Nott’s testimony, there was no evidence that his mother had been murdered. It would be mere hearsay.

The Aurors and the Ministry were anti-Dark, but they still reluctantly abided by law, even if they had to manipulate the laws to suit their prejudices.

Severus looked up. “You know the Gemino charm, I’m told.” Mr Nott nodded. Severus stood up, plucked a thick tome off his shelf and set the book of the desk. “Show me.”

Nott stepped forward, flicking his wand from his holster, portraying a calm demeanor and pointing at the tome. “Gemino.”

The text duplicated. Severus picked them up and compared them. Flicking through the pages of each in turn, looking for differences.

It was an impressive feat.

Not perfect, of course, but close enough. Far better than any first year had a right to know.

“How long did you practice this?”

“All last summer,” Nott said.

“Alone?” Severus asked, raising a chastising look toward the boy. “You realize the dangers of casting incorrectly?”

“A friend of the family helped. I practiced with a stick of wood, until the pronunciation and wand-work was perfect, then when they said it was good enough they last me cast for real.”

“Which friend?”

Nott was silent.

Severus got the feeling that this boy would stand, some time sooner than he should ever have to, on the precipice of true genius or the worst sort of magically-induced madness. To create incredible things or delve into that which ought never be touched, and lose his mind to it.

Theodore Nott was an intelligent young wizard with an aching, haunted heart.

Severus saw a lot of himself in this young man.

Enough for it to scare him.

And Severus truly hoped that this mysterious ‘friend of the family’ who had been aiding him, was an influence for the better and not the worse.

Severus leaned back. “The Gemino is a complex charm which requires a great deal of concentration. Regardless of how well you can perform it in isolation, the more you use it in one day, the more that you will see the later copies degrade and risk it charm turning into the curse and burying you alive. At that point, you must remember, your ruse will be uncovered and your chances of saving the Library fall to zero.” Severus’s eyes bore into Nott’s. “Do you understand? Pressing yourself to your limits does not aid your task. It hinders it. There comes a time when you must prioritize your wellbeing to make certain a task is completed at all, rather than completed quickly. You cannot complete this if you are foolhardy. You are a Slytherin, Mr Nott, so I need you to act like one in the task to come. Will you promise me that much?”

Nott watched him with caution and respect, his shoulders straightening as he regarded the Professor. “Yes, sir. I promise.”

Severus nodded, then reached into his pocket and pulled free the jewelry box, pushing it across the desk. “This is your escape and my monitoring system. A code word from this, which I will teach you, will alert me of your location and I will come, swiftly as possible, to aid you.” He said, as Mr Nott opened the box and lifted out the small silver ring. “This also doubles as a Portkey. However, as I’m sure you know, most Manor Houses have anti-Portkey wards around the property, and I’m certain yours is no exception. If you find yourself held against your will, in any danger, or in a position which you cannot escape, or if you need to flee the property at all, you will activate it. Understood?”

Mr Nott stared at the ring, a strange glimmer in his eyes as he looked at it. It was a simple thing. Not too expensive or too complicated. It would adapt to fit his finger, to make certain it did not slip off, and the charms around it took several attempts, many of them failed, but the boy looked at it as if he’d never received a gift before in his life.

“Mr Nott,” Severus repeated, “do you understand?”

Nott looked up at him with a half-buried sadness, clutching the ring tightly in his fist. “Yes, sir. I understand... thank you.”

Severus cleared his throat and sat back. “Yes, well, we’ll go over the codes for it soon. But the most important matter to speak on is that... I’m afraid that I will have to bring someone else in on this matter.” Nott’s face closed off with suspicion. “I understand that you are reluctant, but I trust them. We will need to have a go-between. We cannot rely on owls and I believe you may benefit from the additional security, in case you need a swift escape where our alternative methods are lacking.”

Nott frowned, clearly confused. “Who?”

Severus licked his lips and peered over at his son, who was apparently starting to catch on to his idea and beaming gleefully, bouncing on the heels of his feet.

“Before I tell you,” Severus said, “you must agree to keep their identity and existence a secret. Both of you. I tell you this very reluctantly, and only because it is essential to your safety that you have someone able to visit you within the wards. It is of the utmost importance that nobody know they exist. If they are discovered, it is not merely their safety which is at risk, but others as well.”

Neville Longbottom nodded. “Of course, sir. I wont tell a soul, I promise.”

Nott frowned, but nodded. “I promise, too, sir... so long as they keep my secret as well.”

“That wont be a problem,” Severus said, then tested his wards’ privacy one last time, then sat back and said, “Jiffy.”

With a pop, the little house-elf appeared, wearing a pair of hand-made leather shoes, a stitched pink dress, a short knitted blue cardigan and a crochet brooch of a flower. Her green eyes widened impossibly as she spotted the people in the room, and one in particular, then beamed. “Young Master Harry!”

* * *
Notes:

    Hey everyone!

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter.

    Thank you for all your messages and kudos, I'm sorry I haven't gotten back to you, I tend to get very overwhelmed with replying to messages due to some fairly major social anxiety issues which definitely haven't improved over lockdown, but it makes me really happy to see so many people enjoying the story. I can't tell you how much that has meant to me over the last two years since the pandemic began. So a big thank you to all of you!

    I'm going to be posting the next chapter in three weeks, on March 11th, so I hope you all have a great few weeks!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 41
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Jiffy launched herself at Harry, grabbing hold of his leg and bawling with joy. “Jiffy missed Young Master Harry so much--you’s doing so well! Working so hard--Jiffy’s so proud! Jiffy’s so grateful for her Christmas gift, too--Jiffy missed you so much for Christmas--“

Snape cleared his throat. “Jiffy,” he said, clearly trying to get them back on topic.

Jiffy completely ignored him.

“Jiffy hopes Young Master Harry likes his gift! Jiffy worked so hard on it--she used the squares of fabric leftover from her new dresses.”

“I loved it, Jiffy,” Harry replied with a smile. “Your dress looks amazing as well.”

Jiffy gazed up at Harry with big green eyes. “Young Master Harry likes it?”

“I love it,” Harry said. “The brooch is so pretty as well. You’re really talented.”

Jiffy visibly blushed. “Well, Jiffy had lots of time to practice. She has her own shoes, now, too! Look!”

She steps back to show off her little leather shoes.

“They look brilliant,” Harry said.

Jiffy blushed so hard her cheeks seemed to radiate heat. Her head dipped and she grinned proudly.

Theo and Neville appeared utterly baffled. “Sir,” Theo asked quietly, “how did you find a free elf?”

Jiffy gasped with such offense, her mouth opened wide and she visibly recoiled, as if she’d never been more insulted in all her life. “FREE! How dare--Jiffy is not free! Jiffy is a very normal owned elf to a very good family, thank you’s very much!”

Harry wondered if perhaps Jiffy had spent too much time stuck at the Dursley house.

“But,” Neville butted in, appearing very confused, “you have clothes.”

“Jiffy makes them herself!” Jiffy replied, folding her arms and scowling a very ‘Snape’ scowl, as if to make certain there was no question of which family she belonged with. “Master S and Young Master Harry be very good to Jiffy. They get her cloth and sowing kits and wool and knitting needles and she makes her clothes herself. Jiffy gots a shoemaking book and kit from Master S for Christmas and she’s been practicing lots, reading and learning all about it so she can be the most properly presentable elf she can be!”

Theo and Neville exchanged a wide-eyed look and then Theo turned to look at Jiffy again, as if she is the single most bizarre house-elf they have ever met. “You... can read?”

“Yes,” Jiffy said, nose turned up, “Jiffy taught herself! Young Master Harry sends Jiffy letters all the time so Jiffy must know to read and write so that she can be a good elf and sends replies, and Jiffy needs to know how to read so she finds good recipes for Master S’s dinners.”

She said it with a bit of an air of haughty superiority, as if they were trying to question her elf credentials, which she found to be stellar, thank you very much.

“Jiffy,” Harry’s dad said, in a tired but patient tone, “I called you here for a purpose, which we still need to discuss. I have a mission for you. A gravely important one.”

Jiffy straightened at this, eyes wide and gleaming with delight, she turned to Snape with her hands clasped together. “A mission?”

“Yes,” Snape said. “I require you to act as an intermediary for myself and Mr Nott here. He is about to embark on a dangerous mission of his own and we need to make certain that letters and parcels can be exchanged between us without being tracked. He will also need to be able to call you for aid in an emergency. I will go over what to do in situations like that in more detail later.”

Jiffy sucked in a breath, seeming to grow two inches at being bestowed such a duty. “Jiffy can do this! Is Mr Nott leaving Hogwarts?”

“He will be visiting his home. Nott Manor. Do you know much about the house-elves there?”

Jiffy shook her head.

“There’s one,” Theo interrupted, “Dreary. He has been working with my family a long time. He’s not very observant. Half blind and nearly deaf by now. He shouldn’t notice anything.”

Jiffy nodded slowly, then turned to Snape. “Jiffy can do reconnaissance, if Master S wishes.”

Neville and Theo startled and stared at one another again, mouthing ‘reconnaissance’ to one another in shock.

Snape paused, sitting back and tapping his chair. “You must make certain not to be caught. Test the boundaries as best you can. Limits on elf apparition, whether you would be able to take Mr Nott out of the premises, what objects are protected from removal, and so forth. Do not set off any alarms. That is crucial.”

Jiffy grinned. “Jiffy knows what she’s doing, Master S,” she said proudly. “She’s been sneaking about Hogwarts for months and the Hogwarts elves and the old man doesn’t notice a thing!”

Snape graced her with a small smirk of approval. “Very well. I will leave the matter in your capable hands.”

Jiffy bowed, then turned and bowled into Harry one last time, hugging his leg tight. “Stay safe, Young Master Harry!”

Harry leaned down and hugged her back. “You stay safe as well, Jiffy.”

She sniffed and then took a step back, smiling with glittering eyes, then popped away.

Theo and Neville stared at Harry as if they had a thousand questions and didn’t know where to start. Snape cut them off before they could start.

“Now,” Harry’s dad said, picking up a sheet of parchment from his desk and a quill, “back to the matter of the library, how best to copy the books and scrolls. I feel that I have come up with the most efficient method, given our limited resources.”

Soon, they were embroiled in clever plots and complex systems designed for ‘maximum efficiency’, with back-ups and back-up back-ups. It became abundantly clear over the course of the next forty minutes why Harry’s dad had been a very good spy.

He didn’t leave much to chance.

When Snape finished going over the basics with them, he burned the parchment and told them not to put anything down on paper anywhere. “We will go over this again, in detail, until you have memorized it.”

Then Harry was walking back through the dungeon hallways, with Neville and Theo either side of him.

After a long silence, after checking they were definitely alone, Neville whispered, “So... you knew Snape before...”

Harry winced and scratched the back of his head. “Er, it’s kinda complicated.”

“Complicated how?” Theo whispered.

“I... I didn’t really meet him before Hogwarts, but...” Harry really didn’t know how to explain without coming clean about everything. He doesn’t know where to begin, or how, and if he did tell them, he didn’t feel good about telling them when they’re out in the open and not locked behind privacy wards. His dad had given Harry a few warning words to that effect before he left his office.

“You can tell us when you’re ready, Harry,” Neville said with a small smile. “I know there’s probably a good reason you want it a secret.”

Harry smiled in reply. “Thanks, Nev.”

“Besides,” Theo added, “if you told us what was going on before you told Draco, he’d try to murder one of us in our sleep.”

Neville nodded gravely.

#

The first half of March passed by in a flash. Between classes, Political studies with Lord Malfoy, Widditch and Football, Harry also had to spend a lot of his free time prepping for ‘The Nott Library Caper’, as he’d started calling it in his head.

Harry’s dad made him and Neville practice their text copying charms to perfection, which he somehow managed to turn into early revision sessions as he kept making them copy out of their textbooks, and spent a ridiculous amount of time teaching Theo what he called ‘emergency stratagems’, which involved Harry and Neville occasionally holding Theo ‘hostage’ while he subtly sent an emergency call to Snape using the ring, or called Jiffy to help free him, then used the concealment methods that Snape had been teaching him to hide from them (Harry would be jealous, but whenever Theo got back from the lessons he looked utterly rung out).

Halfway through March, Snape began expanding the practice sessions out. He got Theo a pass to the Restricted Section and a list of books to copy.

“You will likely need to utilize various methods of concealment in order to evade capture,” Snape told him, arms folded and standing tall. “The spells on the Restricted Section will be similar in nature to the ones on the Nott Library. So long as you cast a Confundus before casting the Gemino, the trackers will fail to inform Madam Pince that any copying has taken place.”

Theo had an expression of raw hunger and glee in his eyes, like he’d been given the keys to a sweet shop and told to help himself.

“I do not give you this information very lightly,” Snape warned. “If I find that you have abused the privilege of this knowledge without informing me first, there will be consequences.”

Theo huffed, then nodded.

Theo slunk off that afternoon, with a pass to the restricted section.

Harry and Neville sat in Snape’s office, with sheets of parchment and empty books prepared, waiting around and twiddling their thumbs. About an hour and a half passed before there was a ‘pop’, and a set of books appeared before them, with a list of the titles to copy sitting on top.

Snape checked the time and nodded in satisfaction, then turned to Harry and Neville. “Go.”

Harry and Neville got to work. They opened the box, fetched the books and scrolls, checked them over for damage or signs that the Gemino was failing. They all looked fine. Then they grabbed the empty sheets and blank books and began copying the text from the Gemino copies over.

They made sure to do it carefully and methodically. Snape had made very clear that they could not afford to mess up the spell, as it might cause the Gemino copy to become unstable and suddenly disappear.

The scrolls were much easier, as you only needed to cast the spell once to copy the whole sheet out word for word, but the books needed the spell to be cast over and over and over again.

By the time they were finished, they both felt utterly exhausted, but they had several extremely restricted books and scrolls for their efforts.

When the exercise was over and Theo had joined them back in the office, Snape looked over their efforts, inspected them, casting spells over Neville and Harry’s copies to compare them to the Gemino copies and then inspecting the Gemino copies themselves.

He sat back and nodded, looking up at them with a subtle smile. “Good work.”

The three of them all visibly sank with relief.

“Obviously I will try and do as much of the work as I can,” Snape added, “but I will need help. As discussed, we will store the copies from the Nott Library in the Library Box that the Malfoys gifted Harry, until a more permanent home can be located. We will do another practice again next Monday. In the meantime, you should give yourselves time to rest and relax. It will not be long before you will have to start preparing for exams, after all.”

A few days later, on a Friday, Harry was nudged awake with a piece of parchment stuck to his face from studying late the night before.

“Get up,” Draco whispered.

“Wha-?” Harry blinked.

“It’s Ostara!” Draco said, with a beaming smile and a gleam in his eye. “Get dressed. Quickly. Come on!”

Harry unstuck the parchment from his face and hoped that the ink hadn’t transferred onto his skin. “Are you gonna do this every holiday?” Harry asked. “This unceremonious wake up call thing... because in that case I might have to learn how to ward my bed curtains.”

Draco rolled his eyes. “Less talking, more dressing. You might want to wash the ink off your face too.”

Harry was dragged out the dungeons and made to walk through a freezing cold Scottish field at Merlin only knew what time of morning, while a fog still lingered over the lake and the birds chirped in celebration of the day.

“The sun’s not even up yet, Draco,” Harry grumbled.

“That’s the whole point!”

Draco searched about until he found the perfect spot, a tree with a clear view of the sunrise, then he plopped down, tapped the floor beside him and leaned back against the tree.

Harry sighed and took a seat. “Is there a point to all this?”

“We’re seeing in the sun,” Draco said. “Mother and I do this every year. Seeing in the dawn on the vernal equinox, seeing in the spring. Ostara is my favorite holiday.”

Harry sat back against the tree. “Really?”

Draco nodded. “It’s the best. We painted eggs together and ate chocolate bunnies, meditated at dawn to welcome the equinox.“

“I thought that eggs and bunnies were an Easter thing?”

Draco screwed up his nose. “The Christian holidays borrowed a lot of traditions from the Pagan ones. The whole Easter bunny myth comes from the Celtic symbolism of the hare, to represent fertility. The egg symbolizes new life, the sun, that sort of thing. There’s even a story about a Goddess named Ostara or Eostre bringing a bird back to life as a white hare, and then giving it the ability to lay eggs once a year. Look! We’re missing the sunrise!”

Harry turned and followed Draco’s gaze, to the stunning reds and oranges of the rising sun. Harry sat back against the tree and watched, the clouds in the sky bursting with stunning colors as the sun rose on the midpoint between the Winter and Summer Solstices.

Harry had to admit, it was a beautiful sight. Awe inspiring. He didn’t think he’d ever had a chance to just sit and enjoy a sunrise like this.

As the sun got higher, Draco closed his eyes and changed his posture, getting ready to meditate, so Harry did the same.

It had been a while since he’d done this for the sake of it. Usually he cleared his mind for Occlumency now, not for meditation, but he had to admit, as he sat and concentrated on his breathing, on the subtle feeling of his magic inside his chest, not trying to control it and manipulate it, just sitting with it, that it was incredibly soothing.

Finally, after a few minutes, Draco sighed and shifted, satisfied, then waited as Harry started draw himself out of the meditation.

When Harry opened his eyes, Draco was grinning. “So? Glad I woke you up early?”

Harry smiled and nodded. “Yeah. That was nice.”

“Good,” Draco said, then reached into his bag and pulled out a metal container. He opened it wide to reveal some steaming hot crossed buns and a tub of butter. “A gift from mother. I have a whole sack full of chocolate as well.”

Harry’s mouth watered as he eagerly grabbed the offered bun and tore it in half to lather in butter. “I think Ostara might be my new favorite too,” Harry admitted, shoving the delicious bun in his mouth.

#

At lunchtime, Neville arrived at the Slytherin table a little late, with a smile and sat unsuspectingly between Theo and Harry.

Harry didn’t know anything was up until Theo muttered. “Do you have them?”

“It’s done,” Neville whispered in reply, loading up his plate. “Follow me after we've eaten.”

Theo hummed in acknowledgement and then continued eating as normal.

Harry honestly began to worry that Neville had started dealing drugs. He was spending far too much time around Theo lately, that was for sure, and Theo was a law unto himself.

Nothing good could come of this.

Harry really hoped he didn’t end up having to snitch on them to his dad again.

The bizarre exchange didn’t start to make sense until they made their way to the circle that evening, just before the sun set, through the statue of the Druidess and into the clearing in the forest. The bonfire was gone by then and in it’s place was a round stone plinth covered in strange symbols. Harry was about to step closer and take a look, when Theo started pulling potted daffodils out of his bag like he was doing a Muggle magic trick.

“Merlin above, Theo!” Draco gasped, crowding around the pots. “How did you score these?”

“I know the right people,” Theo said vaguely. “These needed replanting, or next year they’ll stop flowering. Take one. We can add them to the alter and then replant them around the circle.”

“Mother is going to be thrilled when I tell her.” Draco beamed, grabbing his dragon-hide gloves from his school bag and a pot. “She thought about sending some to me but it isn’t exactly easy to explain away if I got caught sneaking potted daffodils into the school.”

“Oh yes,” Pansy said, “this will be your first time not celebrating with her, won’t it? That’s a shame, I always loved Aunt Cissa’s birthday.”

Harry blinked. “Wait. Your mum’s birthday is today?”

“Well, technically it’s on the 21st, but that was the day of the Equinox on the year she was born, so she always celebrates then,” Draco said. “That’s why mother is called Narcissa. Usually it’s a Black family tradition to name their children after constellations, but since mother was born on Ostara, which is seen as particularly auspicious, her parents bucked tradition to give her a name that honored the holiday as well.”

Harry’s brain tried urgently to figure out why on earth the name Narcissa would have anything to do with Ostara, when Draco took pity on him.

“Daffodils are a member of the genus Narcissus. So named after the son of the River God Cephissus and the Nymph Lirope. Daffodils flower around this time, so it is common to add them to an Ostara alter. Mother hates cutting them, though. She always had the children come take a potted daffodil when they came to celebrate her birthday and then plant it in the ground when the ceremony was finished, so that they can bloom again year after year.”

Harry smiled. “That’s a nice tradition.”

“It is. It’s my favorite,” Draco said, a soft look in his eyes as he stared down at the potted daffodil. Then he looked up at Theo, smiling. “Thank you, Theo.”

Theo shrugged. “Aunt Cissa’s birthday was always my favorite as well.”

“Same,” Daphne said.

As the crowds began to gather, a much larger turn-out than at Imbolc, and Professor Sinistra called for them to get ready for the ceremony, Harry and his friends picked up a pot each and set it on the alter, while some others set out painted eggs of plucked flowers. As Harry got close he got a better look at the symbols on the stone, the curling, coiling patterns that were etched onto them, he felt a strange doubleness sweep over him.

He could see the symbols, see that he didn’t know them, had never seen anything like it before, but they almost felt familiar.

His hand brushed over one that plucked at the back of his mind.

‘Water’, his mind supplied, as if from nowhere, as he brushed his finger over it. He almost felt as if he knew these symbols.

He frowned in confusion.

“Everyone,” Professor Sinistra called, as Snape stepped through the door to the secret passage and closed the door, “please take your places in the circle. We are ready to begin.”

They took their places and Professor Sinistra began the ceremony, calling for the circle to close and Harry felt, once again, the strange spark of welcome, comfort and home sweep through his chest as their hands joined.

“Today, the sun and the night meet in perfect alignment. The Spring Equinox...” Sinistra said, standing by the alter as she spoke, “Spring is known for its connections to fertility, for new life and growth, a day that brings power to the avian and the hare, but it is also a time for creativity, for balance, and it is also a time that brings energy to the dragon...” she paused and smiled around at the Slytherins, “and the snake.

"We welcome that energy tonight: the egg, pure in its potential and dormant promise; the sun, welcoming the new growth that feeds and protects us; the moon, which soothes us and sings to us, which lights our way in the darkness of the night’s sky.

“We welcome the Spring. The meeting of day and night, as equals. As sisters. We honor Lady Magic. We honor Mother Earth.”

Harry closed his eyes and took a breath, as the others whispered their prayer. “I honor Lady Magic. I honor Mother Earth.”

And he felt it.

The prickle of energy. Humming. Then singing.

It felt as if a buried power were gathering through the circle... spreading like a fire. Quiet gasps sounded as the magic swirled, around and around the circle.

Harry held on to Draco and Theo’s hands, his whole core feeling as if it might burst. His body shivering. He felt the overwhelming pressure of it build. Then, as the feeling became almost unbearable, as if his chest might explode with it, he pulled his hand out of Draco and Theo’s grasps.

He could feel the burst. The magic exploding, like dust unsettled.  Then it dissipated. A tornado losing form, fading into wisps of wind.

Harry breathed a gasp of air, he felt the tingle inside his chest, deep within his magical core, finally settle, and he opened his eyes to see most the circle staring right at him.

There was a hushed, awed silence.

For several moments, nobody dared speak.

Professor Sinistra cleared her throat. “Everyone... to those who wish to plant seeds or flowers into the earth, to leave offerings to the birds for their nests, to welcome the new Spring in your own way, please step forward.”

For a moment, nobody moved, then Draco straightened, chin lifting and grabbed Harry’s hand with a sharp, determined glint in his eye.

“Come on,” Draco said, then pulled Harry toward the alter to collect his daffodil, as if they were not being watched by every curious witch and wizard in the circle.

As if people were not whispering and wondering.

The conversation slowly began to turn away to other things, as people continued their celebrations, planting seeds and leaving out twigs for the local birds to collect for their nests.

Harry’s friends found spots around the circle to dig their holes and repot their daffodils.

Harry could have sworn, as he reached into his own pot to set the daffodil into the newly dug earth, that the roots between his fingers seemed to sing with magic.

* * *
Notes:

    Hi everyone!

    Thanks for all your amazing comments, your kudos and your support. Apologies, once again, for being so terrible at replying to messages, I promise that I appreciate every single one of them, but my social anxiety has a way of making me freeze up and panic at the thought of replying. I’m hoping that is not a permanent problem.

    I hope you liked the chapter. In case you were wondering, I did make up the bit about Narcissa Black Malfoy’s birthday being on Ostara. I couldn’t find a birthday for her, but I felt it fit the narrative nicely. My research (revision, really, as I’ve read up on this before) of the Ostara traditions was mainly taken from the following places:

     

    www.goddessandgreenman.co.uk/ostara

     

    www.learnreligions.com

     

    I’m posting my next chapter up on Friday 25th of March. Hope you all have a wonderful Spring Equinox, whatever you’re doing.

Chapter 42
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

The day before Easter holidays began, the day before Theo was due to head back to Nott Manor and begin the testing stage of the Nott Library Caper, Neville was took Harry aside one day to have a ‘purely theoretical’ conversation on how they could kidnap Theo and keep him in Hogwarts until the Express left Hogsmeade.

“You know it wont work,” Harry told him, “we’ve been literally helping to train him in what to do when he’s kept against his will. We can’t take the emergency ring off him because of the magic Snape on it, and he’s been training in evasion techniques for weeks now.”

“Look,” there was a strange quiet determination in Neville’s eyes as he stared intensely at Harry, “I’m just saying, theoretically, if I were to keep him distracted while you knocked him out behind with a stunner, we’d only need to keep him unconscious until the Hogwarts Express left, that way he can’t call for help, and then he’d have no choice but to stay here... theoretically. You know how to cast a Stunner, right?”

Harry sighed. “No, I don’t, and even if I did... he needs to go, Neville. This is the best plan. He’ll still end up going back there in the Summer, if we don’t. At least this way he can test if our plan works.” Neville got a dangerous look in his eye that made Harry’s skin prickle. “Er, are you alright, Nev?”

Then, the dangerous look was gone and Neville brightened with a nervous, sad smile. “Sorry. I just... I’m worried about him.”

Harry smiled sadly in reply. “Yeah,” Harry said, “me too... but I don’t think there’s anything we can do to stop him at this point.”

Neville sighed. “Yeah,” he said, “I s’pose not.”

When they sat down to dinner that evening, Neville didn’t come sit in his usual spot next to Theo at the Slytherin table. He didn’t even come to the Great Hall. Theo tried to appear otherwise unaffected by this but Harry could tell that he was waiting for Neville from the way his eyes kept flickering to the doors of the Great Hall.

“He was pretty worried,” Harry whispered to Theo, near the end of the meal. “I think he just needed some time alone.”

“Who?”

“Neville,” Harry said, pursing his lips, “I don’t think he likes the idea of letting you go...”

Theo frowned. “But he knew I would. We spent weeks preparing.”

“Yeah, but,” Harry winced, “preparing for it is one thing, actually sending you off is... I’m worried too, but... I think you’re Neville’s best friend.”

Theo’s eyes widened slightly at that, he sucked in a slight breath and something prickled at the corners of his lips. “Really?”

“I mean, of course,” Harry said. “He said I was his best friend, back before you guys really got to know each other, and I’m not nearly as close to Neville as you guys are to each other now... he really cares about you.”

Harry knew he saw a smile at Theo’s eyes, from the way his face lifted, even though his lips never moved more than a millimeter upwards at the corners. Theo just nodded and got back to his food, but his shoulders lifted a little.

The next morning, as Harry walked with Theo and Draco through the dungeon hallways toward the stairway, a cheerful voice called for them.

“Hey, Theo!”

They turned to see Neville bounding towards them, a happy smile on his face, appearing perfectly normal... except for perhaps the dark circles around his eyes, like he’d been up all night.

“Hey,” Theo said casually in reply.

“I wanted to show you something seriously wicked I learned,” Neville said with a grin, then lifted the wand in his hand and Harry knew with a horrible sinking in his gut, exactly what was about to happen. “STUPEFY!”

Harry dived in front of the beam of magic before he could really think it through and then, next thing he knew, someone was shouting “RENNERVATE!” and he was staring up at a furious-faced Draco, was was covered in a stinking white powder--the same stinking white powder that was flying around in the air between them. “WHAT WAS THAT!?”

Harry blinked. “You know the Reviving spell?”

“ANSWER MY QUESTION! Since when does Neville Longbottom know how to cast a Stupefy! And why did he come after Theo? I thought they were best friends! Why did you throw yourself in front of the beam like a bloody lunaticand why did--“

“Where did they go?” Harry asked, sitting upright.

“Theo literally disappeared! Out of thin air! The bastard knows how to Disillusion himself! Then Longbottom set off some sort of sodding stinking pollen bomb and now my whole damned uniform is ruined!”

Harry searched the hallway and sees that the whole place is covered in the same stinking sticky white pollen. There were footprints on the stone floor heading toward the staircase and Harry jumps to his feet. “Did they go this way?”

“Yes! What's going on?”

“It’s complicated. Come on.”

Harry bolted for the staircase and found evidence of a further two pollen bombs on the ground floor, where several students were trying, uselessly, to spell the pollen out of their clothing. “What is this bloody stuff?” One of the upper years swore as he tried to cast another cleaning charm. “It stinks like my dad’s old socks!”

Harry followed the trail of evidence towards the doors to the Great Halls, where he heard the frustrated growls and outrage of the students and teachers, calling for someone to “STOP THIS NONSENSE! RIGHT THIS MINUTE!”

There is also some loud cackling and at least two voices, which sound a lot like the Weasley twins shout, “GET ‘IM NEV!” at the top of their voices.

When Harry rushed into the Hall, Theo was very much visible again, though it’s hard to tell if that’s because he’s taken off the Disillusionment charm so that the rest of the school don’t know he can cast it, or because he is covered, head-to-toe, in stinky white pollen.

Theo darted around the tables, using the now-cowering students as human shields while Neville, wild-eyed and teeth bared, cast Stupefy after Stupefy at him and hexed unconscious a not-insignificant number of the student population in the process.

“Merlin’s fucking tits,” Draco swore as he arrived in the doorway and witnessed the destruction. “They’re going to be in detention until they graduate.”

A black figure swooped past Harry and Draco at the doors and then lifted his wand and a spell, Neville’s wand went flying out his hand a second later and into Snape’s palm.

Harry’s dad appeared furious. “Mr Longbottom, Mr Nott... with me, now.”

Then he turned to Harry and glowered. “Did you know anything about this?”

Harry’s mouth went dry. “Uh...”

Snape pointed out the door without a word and Harry quickly headed for the exit.

As Neville and Theo turned to slump out the doorway, while the other teachers started casting Reviving Spells at the unconscious students, Fred and George jumped to their feet and began clapping enthusiastically.

“BRAVO!!”

“BRAVO!”

“ENCORE!”

“Mr and Mr Weasley!” McGonagall shouted. “Sit down now, before I deduct points!”

Harry followed his dad out the doors to the Great Hall, as Neville and Theo walked along silently behind him, then down the stairs to Snape’s office, where they slump inside, shame-faced and waited for Snape to put up the usual half-dozen or so privacy spells over the door.

Snape strode to the space ahead of them and glowered. “What, precisely, was that nonsense meant to be?”

Silence.

Snape licked his teeth, then looked at Harry, giving him that disappointed glare that always made Harry’s throat itch.

Then Snape waited, in perfect silence, for Harry to crack.

Harry really, really wanted to tell him. He really did. But he’d already narked on his friends to Snape rather a lot lately, and he didn’t want to be the annoying one who always went running to nark on his friends.

Luckily, after about a minute, Snape seemed to sense as much and turned to Neville instead, his gaze was searching and calm.

“Do you know what I think, Mr Longbottom?” Snape said calmly. “I think that as the time crept closer to the moment Mr Nott would be leaving, you started to panic, and set about coming up with plans which would keep him in school over Easter. I think that you spent a great deal of effort learning the Stunning Spell, intending to knock Mr Nott unconscious before he was able to use the ring I gave him to call for my aid, then you intended to hold him in an isolated location until the train left Hogsmeade.

“When that did not work, however, you turned to a backup plan, which was to release the...” he glanced at Theo, who still covered in white powder, “home made pollen bomb, to ensure Mr Nott was unable to evade you, then rely upon the knowledge that he would, as I had taught him to in the event that someone is aiming to capture him, to rush for public areas to either call for help or use others as a means to evade the kidnappers. You then proceeded to make as much fuss as possible, with the knowledge that the Professor McGonagall and Headmaster Dumbledore will likely suggest that he remain at school over break for punishment in his part of the escapade.”

Harry sucked in a sharp breath as the sheer genius of Neville’s back-up plan dawned on him, and from the similar sound coming from Theo’s direction, Harry suspected that the Nott heir was having a similar realization.

Neville didn’t blink or cower, he just stared Snape down with determination, head high and jaw tight, awaiting his judgement.

“What you failed to bear in mind, however, is that I have final say over whether Mr Nott’s punishment includes revoking the privilege of sending him home to his family, and I intend to tell my colleagues and the Headmaster that you both will benefit from some time apart over Easter, followed by mediation upon Mr Nott’s return to Hogwarts, to deal with whatever disagreement led to your initial ‘falling out’.”

Neville sank at that, his shoulders slumping and his eyes turning sad and glazed. He finally turned away from Snape, then, looked down at the floor.

Snape sighed. “You have detention for the whole of Easter break. Every weekday until term begins again. Call yourself lucky that I will not extend the punishment for longer than that. With that said,” he pursed his lips, “it was an impressive plot, however flawed. You clearly put some thought into the idea. I’d appreciate if you could give me the name of the pollen you used.”

Neville shrugged. “Foetidum,” he muttered. “Nobody uses them for much other than potions, since they don’t look very pretty, stink pretty bad and you need to use cleaning potions to get the pollen out of your clothes and hair. I figured it was worth a try.”

Harry could see Snape filing the information away with interest. He nodded toward Neville, then turned to Theo. “Mr Nott, do you wish to air any grievances with Mr Longbottom?”

Theo shook his head.

“Very well,” he said, “now, if you will excuse me, I will have to start making vats full of cleaning potions to deal with this infernal mess. Out.”

They cleared out the office and into the hallway and Neville stood around, head dipped and gripping his hands together guiltily. He sighed and looked up at Theo. “Sorry,” he said. “I just... really don’t want you to go.”

Theo nodded, still covered in stinky pollen. His expression was soft and unemotional, but he watched Neville with quiet curiosity. “You know that I have to go back at some point, right? Term ends in a few weeks.”

“I know,” Neville grumbled, scowling at the ground at the thought, “I just... really wanted to delay it. It feels too soon. What if we’re not ready? What if you need more time?”

“I’ll be fine,” Theo said.

“You don’t know that.”

“Nev,” Theo said firmly, making Neville look up. Theo’s mouth curled into a calm, confident smirk. “I’ll be fine,” he said, as if he could see into the future, “trust me.”

Neville’s eyes glittered with tears, but he nodded.

Then, Theo’s smirk turned slowly into a proper actual grin. “I can’t believe you learned Stupefy just so you could kidnap me.”

Neville blushed a little. “I was gonna kidnap all three of you, to be safe.”

“Wait, what?!” Harry gaped. “You were gonna kidnap me?”

“You’d have told Snape otherwise,” Neville said, as if this was the most reasonable excuse in the world. “It was the only way to make sure that nobody found out. It would have all worked as well, if you hadn’t played martyr and jumped in front of the first stunner.”

Theo batted the thought away in a carefree manner. “I knew you were up to something the minute I saw you. You had that look you get when you’re scheming. I was about to use Harry as a human shield when he handily took the initiative for me.”

Harry slowly blinked at Theo as he tried to figure out, from the wicked grin on the bastard’s face, whether he was joking or not.

Harry didn’t think he was.

“You would have, wouldn’t you?” Harry glared. “I don’t know why I’m friends with you.

Theo grinned wider, practically cackling, and Neville’s smile was much the same except with that vaguely wide-eyed innocent look he’d perfected, which was obviously a complete con.

Harry felt a bizarre understanding dawn as he realized that, to the ever-so-slightly emotionally stunted Theodore Nott, Neville’s determined attack, intending to kidnap and hold him prisoner for his own good, was probably a more heartwarming way of Neville showing that he cared than a tearful hug goodbye would have been.

Harry had the weirdest friends.

He rolled his eyes at them. “You both deserve each other, you absolute nutters.”

They walked back to the Great Hall with Neville explaining how he convinced an upper year to teach him the Stunning spell and then spent all night practicing and putting together the sticky-stink-bombs for his plan, while Theo, still covered in said stinking pollen, grinned at Neville with genuine glee.

It was by far the happiest Harry had ever seen Theo.

Harry's friends really were the weirdest.

#

Neville’s sticky-stink-bombs were up on the school’s banned list by dinner, much to the disappointment of the twins. McGonagall also made a point of explaining that any student who used them in the future would be made to personallyclean the uniforms, floors and walls of the foul-smelling pollen.

That was also how Neville spent the rest of the first day, cleaning the pollen off the walls and floors, while Filch stood over him, barking orders and making comments about how he would have personally dealt with Neville’s awful treatment of the hallowed halls of Hogwarts.

Much as some of the students found it annoying to have to scrub themselves down with cleaning potions--especially the students who had to be on the Hogwarts Express by eleven--and have to send their clothes off to be specially cleaned, they were mostly just awed and astonished that Neville Longbottom, previously assumed to be the worst student in Hogwarts, had somehow managed to hit half a dozen of them with stunners.

The next day, once the majority of the mess had been cleared, Snape talked Dumbledore and McGonagall into letting him take charge of the remaining detentions, and Harry and Neville headed to Snape’s office and got to work copying out the Gemino copies from the Nott Library.

It was long, time-consuming work, where not a single mistake could be afforded, but they’d had enough practice before that everything came together easily.

Theo took Snape’s warning about overexerting himself seriously and limited himself to about four books and six scrolls per day. Harry was pretty sure that he was hand-copying the stuff that had invisible ink hidden on them, but he seemed to understand that this whole business needed to be a marathon and not a sprint.

Even so, the numbers quickly stacked up. By day five, they’d finished around 10% of the Nott Library collection. By day seven, it was touching on almost 20%. Snape’s plan to do little bit at a time, diversifying the workload in the most efficient manner possible, was really working.

Harry could see the end on the horizon. The more that they chipped away at the task, day by day, the more that the goal of saving the Nott Library didn’t seem like an impossible task at all.

“This is good, right?” Neville said, after they’d finished the latest haul on day nine. It was only a few more days until Theo got back from the Easter holidays, but they’d made a good dent in the numbers. “That’s, what, thirty-six books, fifty-four scrolls, ninety items total... we’ll be at about a hundred and ten copied by the end of the Easter holidays, Theo says there’s around three hundred and seventy books and scrolls in the collection, so if it keeps going like this over the summer, he’ll be done by... mid July?”

“Some time like that,” Harry said, “between the eighteenth and the twentieth, hopefully.”

“Ideally,” Snape cut in, as he marked essays at his desk, “bear in mind, when making estimations like this, that people often fail to account for human error and other effecting variables. Mr Nott may need to spend some time away from the Library. He may be forced to take personal tutorial sessions or go to insipid pure-blood parties and social events. His father may choose to visit the library, if he is growing suspicious of his son’s extended time there, and therefore take time out of the ideal deadline. An abundance of caution may require that we delay activities by a week or more, or that Mr Nott visit the library more sporadically, to prevent discovery. If I were you, I would delay your ideal estimation to the start of August and be pleasantly surprised if things turn out for the better and Mr Nott is finished sooner than that.”

Neville sank slightly, but nodded. “Yes, sir.”

Snape finally looked up at that, watching Neville. “Mr Longbottom... I realize that the Gryffindor sensibility tends more towards impatience than its opposing emotional state, but try to remember that, where matters such as these are concerned, slow and steady wins the race, and also try to remember that I will do everything I possibly can to keep Mr Nott safe.“

Neville swallowed hard and nodded. “Thanks, Professor.”

“You need not thank me,” Snape replied, “Mr Nott is one of my snakes. I protect my charges.”

Neville smiled at that.

“Now,” Snape said, nodding toward the sinks, where a dozen dirty cauldrons were waiting for Neville, “now that you have finished your first task, time to get back to your detention.”

Neville winced and slumped over to the sinks.

A lot of the stuff in the books and scrolls was in Old Norse, Old English or in Latin, but there were a few texts in more a slightly more modern English (by which Harry meant that it read more like Shakespeare rather than a foreign language). Snape usually did a rough inspection of the books Harry and Neville could understand and kept the ones with any content he deemed ‘not suitable for young eyes’, and then left the stuff that was mainly long lengthy rambles by deceased members of the Nott family about the political skirmishes at the time that the Statute of Secrecy was enacted.

Harry couldn't understand all of the language in it, especially since a lot of the handwriting is near-illegible and the words all squashed together, but still, the glimpses that he finds of it are fascinating. More than once, Harry finds references to the arguments at the time about who should and shouldn’t be included for protection in the Statute, if they were captured by witch hunters.

Apparently, some people argued for the inclusion of exiled squibs and underage Muggle-born in the Statute’s protections, while others felt that they should basically ‘burneth at the pyre’. The Muggle-born because the Dark saw them as inferior and the exiled Squibs because Dark claimed they ‘did marry our foe and forever sully their blood with those godless folk’.

R B Yorkson talked, in the book Hermione got him on the history of Magical Politics, about how the largest number of victims of the witch hunts were in fact probably either underage Muggle-born or Pagan-practicing Squibs. They weren’t technically registered as witches and wizards and so the Ministry don’t count them in their statistics on the witch-hunts.

The Light, Yorkson explained, would likely prefer to keep the true number of witch and squib deaths out of public knowledge, as it was easier to see Muggles as harmless if they just went around killing their own kind. They laughed it off, as if it was all a big joke instead of a horrible tragedy. Yorkson explained that the Dark, on the other hand, didn’t care whether Squibs or Muggle-born died in the witch-hunts.

Harry can see now that Yorkson was being a bit generous, in her summary. It wasn’t that the Dark didn’t care if the Squibs and Muggle-born died. They wanted them to. They were so angry with the Muggles for the witch-hunts and for the tragic deaths of a few of their own children, that they saw everyone with Muggle blood as their enemy, and anyone willing to accept them as a partner as sleeping with the enemy.

In the minds of the Dark, at the time, they were at war. Any who carried blood of the enemy, were enemy as well. Any of their own who accepted the enemy into their lives, became an enemy as well. They would not accept anything less than 'total loyalty'.

Harry had read about a few of the famous cases of young pure-blood witches from Dark families who died in witch trials, too young to be able to escape and killed too quickly for help to arrive. The Dark considered any death of one of their own to be one more than should ever be allowed. Though many of the others who were captured did escape and live, they never forgot the ones who never escaped. Even fifty years after the deaths of those two witches, Harry could feel the bubbling hatred in every word Theo’s ancestor wrote.

The rage.

The urge for revenge.

And that was what it was... revenge. That was why they let all those Squibs and Muggle-born die, when they could have helped them, to spite the Muggles who murdered their children.

There were other reasons, as well, Harry could tell. Centuries of unrest and seeing Muggle-born as ‘godless brutes’ who followed a ‘Muggle faith’, but this felt like the tipping point into something else.

There was a big difference between loathing or disagreeing with someone in principle... and actively leaving them to die... leaving children to die.

Wishing them dead.

Harry felt sick, reading through the snippets that he did, as he thought of all the people who must have suffered because of the Dark’s desperate urge for violent retribution. Harry wondered, as he lay in bed at night, how much of that anger still lingered today. How many of the followers of Voldemort were drawn to his cause because of that still-lingering hatred and anger they felt for the children the Dark lost to the witch-hunts?

Harry was so engrossed in his task, he may have failed to pay attention to much else over Easter. He spent a lot of time in Snape’s office copying the books, and the time he didn’t spend in the office, he spent in the Library, studying for his exams. He didn’t see much of his friends, since they were busy doing their own revision and the masses of Easter homework they’d been assigned by the teachers.

Theo arrived back at school on a Sunday and, thankfully, he looked no worse for wear. “My father was off in meetings to deal with the Muggle Protection Act stuff most of the time. Barely needed to see him. I think he’s getting nervous. He doesn’t know how to get the wards down off the library so that he can remove the books, if he wants to stay out of Azkaban he’ll either have to stop the Ministry from raiding our house or destroy the whole thing.”

“Destroy it?” Harry said, as they found a private spot to talk on the way back from dinner. “Would he really do that?”

“In a heartbeat,” Theo said, with an ice in his tone, dripping with the purest loathing. “He doesn’t care about anything or anyone but himself and the Dark Lord. He doesn’t care what he destroys, if it saves his skin. He’d burn the whole Manor to the ground with me inside it and he’d do it with a smile.”

Harry and Neville exchanged a nervous look over Theo’s shoulder as the dread coiled up Harry’s spine.

Harry really hoped that Theo was exaggerating... but he knew better. He’d felt it in the second he first saw Lord Nott, at Yule. He'd felt it in the coldness of his gaze.

Theo’s father was a killer, a heartless monster and he’d likely hurt Theo more times over the years than his friend could count.

None of them spoke, but Neville laid a hand on Theo’s shoulder and squeezed, then sent him a determined, menacing stare that somehow managed to perfectly communicate that he’d murder Lord Nott himself if the bastard ever so much as tried to do that to his best friend.

Theo smiled gratefully to Neville in reply, then his gaze caught on something behind Neville. “Incoming,” he muttered, tipping his head to a figure down the hallway.

Harry turned to see a furious-faced Hermione storming their way as if personally wronged by them. Her eyes were wild and animated with something that Harry genuinely feared.

“Er--hello, Hermione,” he said cautiously, “is there something I can do for you?”

Hermione folded her arms and hissed through gritted teeth, “You can start by talking some sense into that complete idiot, before he gets himself killed!”

Harry blinked. “Um... which idiot?”

Hermione’s eyes widened. Not with shock, but the most indignant and determined rage that Harry had ever witnessed in anyone. “Malfoy and Hagrid have decided to co-parent a dragon and the damned thing has just hatched.”

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter. Thanks so much for all your support, comments, kudos and to everyone who's still reading this story after all this time. I really appreciate it and I'm truly astonished about the response I've gotten from this story. It's the first time I've ever published my fanfiction online before, and I've been blown away with how many of you have loved it.

    The next chapter is going to be posted on Friday the 15th of April.

    Until then!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 43
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

As Hagrid answered the door to his hut and spotted Harry, Neville and Theo standing behind Hermione, his face turned rigid with panic. “Oh,” he said. “Er--“

“I told them,” Hermione said firmly, arms folded and eyes thinned into a chastising glare.

Instead of becoming shame-faced and worried, Hagrid brightened and beamed. “Oh, tha’s alrigh’ then--yeh came to see Norbert, then?”

Harry could not think how to begin to answer that question, but he was interrupted by Draco’s voice as Harry’s friend got closer. “If that’s Granger, remind the frizzy-haired know-it-all that if she so much as whispers a thing to a Professor, I’ll have her expelled before she can--“

Draco peered around the door, spotted Harry, his eyes went wide with horror as Hermione smirked triumphantly. “No...”

“Yes,” Hermione said, chin lifted in defiance. “Now--“

Draco shoved Hagrid aside with all his might and then slammed the door shut. “Don’t let them in!”

“It’s only Harry and ‘is friends, Draco--“

“The second that Harry sees Maximus, he’ll go running to Professor Snape! He can’t keep a secret to save his life!”

“Hey!” Harry cried out in offence. “I can keep a secret!”

“Pah!” Draco cried.

“I CAN!”

“You really can’t, Harry,” Neville said, kindly patting him on the shoulder. “Not from Snape, anyway. That’s why Hermione brought you here in the first place.”

“What, no. Hermione just--“

But Hermione just blushed and bit her lip, evading his gaze.

“Oh god... I’m the nark,” Harry whispered to himself, horrified. “I’m the annoying one who always goes running to his... to his teachers.”

“You’re not that annoying,” Theo said. Neville whacked Theo around the shoulder. “I mean, you’re not annoying...” The second part of the sentence was left hanging, as if he desperately wanted to add a qualifier, but got glared into submission by Neville. “But now you know, it’s probably less than a week before Snape figures it out, and Draco won’t be mad at you about it for long, because he’ll forgive you for anything. Whereas, if any of the rest of us do it, he’s bound to lash out and do something petty and cruel, like convince this father to have Granger expelled for something he has on her. But if you tell Snape, Draco will just pout for a while and let it go... well played, Granger.”

Hermione had the nerve to smirk at the praise.

“I won’t forgive anything!” Draco cried, indignant. “I’ll never forgive you, Harry--please don’t tell! Maximus is all I’ve ever wanted in the world!”

“Before Easter, a Nimbus 2001 was all you ever wanted in the world,” Theo pointed out.

“That was obviously not the same!”

Theo hummed his doubt.

“Draco,” Harry said, calling through the door, “you can’t seriously think you can keep a dragon a secret.”

“SHHH!” Draco hissed, finally opening the door and glaring at them. “Just yell it for the whole school to hear, why don’t you!”

Draco reluctantly ushered them inside.

The whole hut was sweltering hot, there was a fire roaring in the hearth and another contained sort of square fiery cage in the middle of the room, where, laying inside, a rat-sized dragon was snuggled up against a dog-sized toy dragon made of real dragon hide.

Draco closed the door and locked it, then headed straight for Harry and grabbed him both shoulders, turning him to face him. “Harry, I need you to listen to me. Maximus means the world to me. He’s so precious to me, I mean... just look at him.”

Draco turned his head and then gazed upon the rat-sized thing, melting at the sight, like a proud parent.

To Harry, it still looked like a scaly rat with spiny wings, and spikes down its back, but Draco obviously cared very much about the thing. He looked like the one thing that was keeping him from hugging Maximus/Norbert in a tight embrace was the dragon’s razor-sharp spines and teeth.

“Isn’t he beautiful?” Draco said, softly as he stood over the fiery box and watched Maximus/Norbert sleep.

“Er, yes--“ Harry said, patting Draco on the back in a vaguely comforting manner.

Draco turned suddenly and stared determinedly at Harry. “My mother and father once said that they’d slaughter a village to keep me safe, Harry. A village.”

Harry stared. “Uh--“

“Do you understand me, Harry?” Draco said, firmly glaring into his eyes. “Malfoys will do anything for our own. I’m not letting Maximus go. Not for anyone.”

Harry pursed his lips and sucked in a breath. “But, Draco, but... you realize this is a wooden hut?”

“Logistics,” Draco said, dismissive, “Hagrid and I will work it out.”

“And... he’ll get too big eventually,” Harry said, peering around at the tiny hut.

“There’s lotsa room in the Forest for Norbert when he needs it,” Hagrid said easily.

“The forest full of flame-ready timber and flammable underbrush?” Theo drawled, leaning against the corner of the room.

Hagrid sank with that. “Oh... I hadn’ thought’a it like tha’.”

Draco chewed his lip, casting a look over his shoulder at Hagrid, then pulled Harry towards the door. “Hagrid, I’ll speak to Harry about it. Don’t worry. He’ll keep Maximus a secret.”

Hagrid saluted him and wandered over to the dragon. “Say goodbye to your daddy, Norbert.”

Draco frowned, huffing and walking away.

Hermione, Theo and Neville followed as Draco dragged Harry out the door and to a secluded area of the clearing, behind a tree, then lowered his voice and leaned close.

“Look, obviously I know I can’t keep Maximus at Hagrid’s hut,” Draco said, rolling hie eyes, “it’s utterly impractical.”

Harry sighed in relief. “Thank God,” he sighed.

“It will just take a little time to work on Hagrid. He likes me enough, but he doesn’t trust my father at all. I just need a few months. By the end of term, I’m sure I will have convinced him to let me take Maximus to the Malfoy grounds.”

Theo snorted.

“I will,” Draco said, determinedly.

“First off,” Theo said, dry as sand, “if you managed to convince the Groundskeeper, do I really need to remind you that your father is never going to agree to this?”

Draco set his jaw and straightened. “He might.”

“The Ministry are preparing to search his property for anything that can get him and most of his fortune locked up,” Theo said. “And a Dragon is near-impossible to keep a secret at the best of times. You can be sure they’ll scour the grounds looking for any secret spots, so it’d be only a matter of time before they found Norbert.”

“Also,” Hermione cut in, tone hard as stone, “I’d like to add that if you think Hagrid is going to let that dragon go to stay with your family, then you’re delusional.”

Draco snarled at her. “Oh bugger off!”

“How much did your parents pay for finishing school for you to learn to speak so eloquently?” Hermione spat back.

“Okay, everyone calm down,” Neville said, hands lifted in a placating manner. “Draco, I know you care very much about Maximus, but you must realize that he’s better off with his own kind. Dragons aren’t meant to be raised alone like this.”

“He won’t be alone!” Draco growled. “He has me!”

“And Hagrid,” Theo added, with a smirk.

Draco ignored him. “I’ll give him anything he could ever want! He doesn’t need anyone else!”

“Draco--“ Neville began, but Draco turned away from him and toward Harry.

“Harry, promise me you won’t tell anyone,” Draco said, grabbing him by the shoulders again with a desperate sort of light in his eyes. “Not Snape. Not anyone. Promise me.”

Harry could see the desperation in Draco’s eyes. The pleading in them. He worried that maybe Draco was being serious... that he wouldn’t forgive Harry if he told Snape.

Draco cared about Harry, but he obviously cared about Maximus too. He’d always wanted a dragon. If Harry was the one to take that from him. He wasn’t sure that it would be easily forgotten.

He swallowed hard, his shoulders slumping. “Okay... I promise.”

Draco beamed and Hermione groaned. “No! Come on, Harry. Please, be sensible, Harry!”

Draco ignored her and turned to Theo and Neville. “Theo, can I trust you?”

Theo sighed. “It'll be more fun to see how this all blows up in your face, I suppose.”

Then Draco nodded in satisfaction and then glared at Neville. “Don’t even think about it, Longbottom.    I'll ruinyou.”

Then Draco was storming back to the castle, head high and striding confidently.

“Well,” Theo said, “I give it about a week.”

“A week for what?” Harry asked.

“A week until you cave and tell Professor Snape,” Neville explained with a grin.

“I won’t tell him,” Harry glared.

“Sure,” Theo patted him condescendingly on the shoulder.

#

“... then, at least three people asked me about the incident with the Cerberus at the Inter-House Study Group,” Harry told his dad, busying himself with the tea and biscuits that Jiffy had laid out on the coffee table in the secret room, so that he didn’t have to look his dad in the eye, “I think that more might have but there were a few students away for Easter. Also a lot of Ravenclaws were panicking about exams now and they get kinda iffy if you gossip too much. Then, well, I showed you the letter from Lord Malfoy. He seems pretty pleased with how things are shifting.”

Snape hummed. “Indeed. Now we just need to make sure he doesn’t try and manipulate it to his own ends and ruin everything.”

“You think he’s that desperate?” Harry asked.

“Not yet,” Snape said, “but he will get there, sooner or later. I think he is waiting to see if our own scheme will be to his advantage or not. He can already sense a little of what we have planned and how it might benefit him, even if he can’t figure it all out... Harry, is there something you need to tell me?”

“Er, what?” Harry said, blinking in confusion and frowning and daring to look up, but only after he’d finished Occluding. “Like what?”

Snape’s finger tapped against his armchair, watching him intently. “You tell me. This is the first time you have looked me in the eye all evening,” he said. “You realize that you have a tell, when you Occlude? Your facial expression softens a degree. Why don’t you tell me what you’re attempting to shield from me in your thoughts, Harry?”

“I... I’m not shielding anything,” Harry said. “I’m just stressed, I guess, about the plan.”

His dad made a soft doubtful noise in reply and stared intently at Harry. Not using Legilimency, just staring Harry out. “There is nothing you feel you need to tell me?”

He knew.

Oh, God, Snape knew.

No. No. It was a ploy. He was acting like he had something on Harry so that Harry would cave. It had to be that. He couldn’t know.

He was just making Harry think he knew, but he didn't know.

Harry just needed to keep his mouth shut and not say anything suspicious!

Harry swallowed hard. “No...” he said, trying to keep from outwardly expressing his horrible guilt while his insides rumbled with raw terror.

Snape was silent for thirty long seconds. He didn’t move. His expression never so much a twitched.

Harry stared back, trying to fake as much 'honest confusion' as he could. He widened his eyes in an expression of guileless innocence that he felt absolutely certain his dad could see through completely.

Harry just held tight to his terror and remembered Draco vowing he’d never forgive Harry if he told his dad the truth.

“I should really be getting to bed,” Harry said, setting down his tea as evenly as he could, “is there anything else, or...?”

Snape licked his teeth. “No,” he said. “That’s everything. Goodnight, Harry.”

“Night, uh... sir,” Harry said, clearing his throat and picking his stuff up, then heading for the exit with his invisibility cloak, trying not to look as if he were hurrying.

Harry made certain to be careful on his walk back to the dungeons, then found a quiet hideaway to duck into and remove his invisibility cloak and stash it away.

When he returned to the common room, Draco jumped to his feet from his usual spot by the fire with the others and rushed over, pulling him aside. “Where were you, you weren’t meeting--you didn’t tell him anything, did you?”

“No,” Harry said quickly, allowing himself be dragged to the dorm room before he continued, “but, look--he’s suspicious. I’m sure of it. He’ll figure it out soon enough and--“

“I just need a couple of weeks,” Draco said, firmly, eyes wide and manic. “I’m getting somewhere with Hagrid, I’m sure of it. He admitted that we can’t keep Maximus in his hut or the forest, and I think that I can convince him that letting me tell father is for the best.”

Harry pursed his lips. “Draco... I don’t think he’ll agree to that.”

“Then... if it gets to that,” Draco said, setting his jaw, “I’ll just take Maximus.”

Harry sank. “Draco--“

“What’s he going to do?” Draco said. “He can’t admit that he had a dragon.”

“He could, actually,” Harry sighed. “He’s bound to, if you upset him like that. He’ll cry his heart out about it all over the Hog’s Head Tavern and then someone is bound to tell the Ministry and then Hagrid will get questioned. Then, whose going to get in the most trouble? A good friend of Albus Dumbledore, or your dad?”

Draco scowled and folded his arms. “I knew it. You’re going to tell Snape.”

“I’m not! I just...” Harry sighed. “This is all about to go wrong, Draco. You must see that.”

Draco’s chin lifted, he harrumphed and then he stormed back out to the common room without another word.

Harry rubbed his eyes and sighed.

The next day at breakfast, after the mail arrived, Neville came to join them. Usually he only hung around the Slytherin table for lunch or dinner.

Neville was paler than usual, as he approached, he clutched a letter in his hands and it shivered faintly as he held it tightly in his grip. Harry exchanged a look with Theo and then the two of them quickly got to their feet and, without a word, escorted Neville out the Great Hall.

Neville was hyperventilating as he got outside the doors. “Deep breaths,” Theo said, “remember your meditation stuff with Pomfrey, you said that helped.”

Neville nodded and took a deep, slow breath, held it and then exhaled again. He did this a few more times while he clutched the letter to his chest. When he was finally calm, he turned to Harry and Theo.

“I... I confirmed the date,” Neville said. “For... the meeting with Gran.”

“Oh,” Harry said. “Neville... are you sure you want--“

“I do,” Neville said, “it’s just that I--“ he swallowed hard, “I just didn’t know how it would feel, you know?”

Theo nodded, grim-faced. He touched Neville’s shoulder. “What day?”

“30th of May. It’s a Saturday,” Neville turned back to the letter. “The letter said... the Goblin arranging it said that she might also bring someone along as ‘moral support’.”

Two slow dots connected as he figured out who might take the part of ‘moral support’ for Neville’s Gran. “Algie?” Harry rasped. “She’s not seriously--she can’t seriously--“

“She might,” Neville said, closing his eyes and swallowing hard. “I think she might. She doesn’t really get it. I mean, I think she understands he’s nasty to me, but I don’t think she gets why that’s not good... I don’t know if she ever will.”

Neville said nothing for a moment, staring at the letter, then he looked back up at Harry and Theo, opening his mouth to ask a question.

“Yes,” Theo answered, without hesitation. “We’ll still be there. You don’t even need to ask, Nev.”

Neville’s eyes glistened with moisture and he sniffed, a small smile tugging at his lips. “Thanks,” he rasped, wiping his eyes.

#

Norbert/Maximus got too restless for his fire-cage by day four after his hatching. He got aggressive enough to warrant Draco purchasing a whole full-body dragon-hide protective suit by day seven.

“It’s what all the professionals wear,” Draco explained, as stood out the back of Hagrid’s hut and pulled the dragon-hide boots, trousers, shirt, neck-guard, face-guard and head-gear over his clothes.

Harry chewed his lip. “I’ve been reading,” he said nervously. “So, Norb--“ he stopped quickly at Draco’s glare, “I mean, Maximus is actually poisonous. His teeth can swell cause terrible swelling and if it doesn’t get treated for long enough you can get this nasty blood infection and--“

“No self-respecting wizard actually dies of blood infection anymore, Harry,” Draco said reasonably, muffled through the dragon-hide guard around his mouth, “there’s a potion for it. You can get it over the counter at any apothecary.”

Hermione puffed in annoyance beside Neville and Theo. “Yes, that’s exactly what you’re supposed to take from the fact you’re keeping a poisonous dragon in a hut.”

“I told you,” Theo muttered, “don’t bother doing the safety talk with the type of idiot who wants to keep a fire-breathing dragon as a pet.”

Harry thought that Theo might have a point at that, so he changed tact. “I also read the Norwegian Ridgebacks are really social. They need lots of interaction with others of their kind or they they get really lonely and go kind of stir crazy. They can get even more aggressive as they get older, as well. Especially during puberty. Especially if they’re female. I think that Maximus might actually be a Maxima. It has the extra spines along her tail, you see and--”

Draco wasn’t listening, he was already knocking on the door to Hagrid’s hut in his full-body armor.

The door opened and a haggard Hagrid answered. “Draco,” he said suspiciously, trying to see him properly under the get up, “is tha’ yeh in there?”

Draco nodded, voice muffled. “Yes,” he said, “protective gear. I tried to get you some, but they didn’t stock your size.”

“Well, thanks fer thinkin’ ah me, anyway, but yeh don’ need to worry. I’m made’a some tough stuff. Good thinkin’ though!” Hagrid opened the door to let Draco and the others inside.

Norber--uh, Maximus was already three times the size it was when it was hatched. The dragon was currently tearing up and scorching Hagrid’s bed sheets in a fit of frustration while Fang cowered in the corner.

“Do you think he’ll recognize me?” Draco worried, hovering nervously near the dragon. “Under the protective gear, I mean?”

“Oh, sure ‘e does! He recognizes his daddy just fine. I think the get-up’s only bound tah help.”

Draco wandered over and nervously sat on the bed near Maximus, held out his hand and then was promptly pounced upon by a venomous dragon with its teeth bared aggressively.

Harry would have hexed the bloody thing if Draco hadn’t started laughing a second later. Apparently he couldn’t feel Maximus’s teeth through the protective gear. “I think he’s playing!” Draco said, sounding gleeful through his mask. “That’s something they do, you know. I read all about it. Practicing fighting for dominance and all that.”

“Well, he’s bound to win one day,” muttered Theo to Harry, “just wait ‘til he’s big as this hut.”

Harry shuddered.

He didn’t like that idea at all. Needle-like venomous fangs slicing through Draco... it took all Harry’s self-control not to grab his friend and shake him.

Draco ‘played’ with Maximus for about half an hour, while Hermione and Neville took Fang out for a bit, to get him a break from the dragon. It was getting on a bit by the time a knock on the door sounded.

“That’ll be yer friends back with Fang,” Hagrid said, “I can’t tell yeh how grateful I am for ‘em teh take ‘im out. He’s not been gettin’ much time teh ‘imself lately. Think he’s a mite jealous.”

“Jealous,” Theo said, “yeah, that’s what it is.”

Hagrid got up and answered the door while Draco cooed over Maximus.

“Good boy, Max! You’re a ferocious warrior and one day your enemies will cower before you,” Draco sang to the dragon as it chewed at his protective glove, “yes they will, yes they will--”

Someone cleared their throat and the three of them looked up to see Snape standing in the doorway, arms folded and glaring at the dragon.

“Explain.”

#

Harry didn’t even need to say anything, on this occasion. He shut his mouth tightly, determined not to be the one who cracked but, instead of turning to Harry, Snape looked directly at Hagrid.

It was all over rather quickly after that.

Hagrid cracked like a raw egg.

Harry didn’t know whether to feel grateful that he wasn’t the biggest information leak in the room or humiliated that he was only one step up from Hagrid in terms of his ability to keep a secret from Snape.

Despite Draco’s hissed warnings at the Groundskeeper to shut up, the whole mess was out in the open in minutes.

“... so, you see,” Hagrid continued, wringing his hands nervously, “we know tha’ Norbert can’t stay here forever, but just ‘til we’ve figured out where tah put ‘im.”

Snape glared at Hagrid in wordless frustration. After managing to recover his buried reserves of self-control he exhaled slowly and said, “Hagrid, I seem to remember hearing that, after the Acromantula which you set free into the Forbidden Forest mysteriously found itself with a mate to procreate with and produce several hundred thousand deadly man-eating offspring with, there was a meeting of the Board of Governors which nearly cost you your job, your freedom, and also nearly Albus Dumbledore’s position as Headmaster. From memory, you were given one chance and you could only remain in this position if, as Albus Dumbledore promised you would, you no longer brought murderous creatures onto Hogwarts grounds.”

“Norbert ain’t murderous,” Hagrid laughed. “He’s just a baby.”

“For now,” Snape snarled, “just like Aragog was once a baby, and that damned Cerberus--“

“Fluffy,” Hagrid helpfully added.

Snape ignored him, “--was a puppy. Then they grew and they grew and they developed bloodthirsty instincts and now we have to cordon off portions of the grounds to house them, because, as you seem to often forget, this is a school full of children!”

Hagrid blushed. “Oh, right,” Hagrid said. “Well... I’ll find a way to get ‘im somewhere safe.”

“No, you will not,” Snape said. “I’m telling the Headmaster.”

Draco jumped to his feet. “WHAT! YOU CAN’T!”

“I will not risk having possible charges of aiding the harboring of a dangerous beast, or, worse yet, smuggling the damned thing, on my record!” Snape snarled. “We are telling the Headmaster and then he can arrange the details of the dragon’s move to a sanctuary and deal with the consequences.”

Harry immediately understood what Snape meant.

If it came up later that Snape had aided the escape of a dangerous beast, then it could wind up ruining everything. He could end up in trouble for it.

This way, if Dumbledore knew, the Headmaster could take the fall for it if anything went wrong later.

“He’ll have him killed!” Draco cried, bawling miserably. “He’ll contact the Ministry and have his head chopped off!”

“He will not, you melodramatic ingrate,” Snape scoffed, “it’s a damned protected species and a baby at that. He has contacts in dragon sanctuaries and the details will easily be arranged. You’ll likely be able to visit the damned thing this summer if you beg your parents enough.”

Draco hunched back onto the bed miserably, then reached out to pet Maximus--who, once again, launched at Draco’s arm like it was prey.

“Max...” Draco whispered, sniffing miserably, while the dragon ‘played’ with him.

Snape sighed. “I will give you ten minutes to say your goodbyes to the creature while I walk to the Headmaster’s office. I don’t think that you’ll have the opportunity to see it again after that.”

Draco sat on the bed, telling Max that he’d visit every summer and that he was certain he’d grow up big and strong.

“You’re a mighty warrior, Maximus,” Draco told him proudly, his voice croaking. “You have true grit, and you make sure to show all those other dragons what you’re made of. Don’t let them walk all over you, just because you’re small... you’ll get bigger... Maximus Malfoy.”

“Norbert Maximus Malfoy-Hagrid,” Hagrid said proudly, sniffing and patting Draco proudly on the back. “He’s goin’ to be happy, Draco. Yeh’ll see.”

Draco sniffed and nodded. “Norbert Maximus,” Draco said haughtily, “you’re going to make us proud and put the fear of your name into dragon’s everywhere.”

“And make lots of friends,” Hagrid added, wiping his eyes and nodding.

“Yes, that too,” Draco said.

Theo cleared his throat. “We should go,” he said. “Ten minutes are up.”

Draco slowly stood. Then, as he stood by and watched Maximus ripping up the bedspread, he took off his glove, the one that Maximus had been so determinedly chewing, and set it on the bed for the dragon, who pounced happily on it like a toy.

“Bye, Max,” Draco whispered, his voice cracking with emotion beneath the dragon-hide mask, then he turned and walked for the door.

* * *
Notes:

    Hey everyone!

    I'd hoped to make this chapter a bit longer, but I've been unwell for most of the week, so I'll have to try and fit the rest of the 'Draco Malfoy, Dragon Dad' arc into the next chapter. Hope you still liked it.

    The next chapter will be up on the Friday 13th of May.

    Until then!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 44
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

The day following Draco’s farewell to Norbert Maximus was May Day, Beltane, and the one time where Harry actually missed his best friend over-enthusiastically getting him up at the crack of dawn to do some strange festival tradition that Harry had never heard of.

Instead, Draco moped in bed, refusing to go to class even when Snape stormed into the dorm room and patiently informed him that, “Melodramatic fits of melancholy are not sufficient claim for a sick day, Mr Malfoy.”

Draco refused to leave his bed. He refused to even draw his curtains, and instead hid behind them, proclaiming that he wished to “suffer alone”.

Harry brought him lunch and was yelled at for his efforts.

“How can you expect me to eat when I’m suffering so! Leave me to mourn!”

After dinner, Harry brought Draco a fresh plate of food, just in case, and spotted that the plate from lunch had been enthusiastically polished off.

Well. At least he was eating.

Harry cleared his throat. “Draco? How are you feeling?”

“How do you think!” Draco cried, sniffing.

“Um... bad?”

“YES!”

Harry pursed his lips. “I, er, brought you more food...”

Silence.

He set the plate on the bedside table and cleared his throat. “Do... do you think you’ll be up to coming to the Beltane ceremony?” Harry asked, swallowing hard. “It might help you feel better.”

Draco sighed. “I can’t, Harry... how am I to bid welcome to the warmth and light of the peak of Spring when the light of my own life has been torn from me forever.”

Harry pursed his lips and nodded. “Right. Okay... I... I’ll leave you to... to mourn.”

When Harry got back into the common room, Theo looked up from his book long enough to give Harry an ‘I told you so’ eyebrow.

“I had to try,” Harry said, slumping on his usual chair, which now felt colder without Draco sitting next to him, “he loves the holidays so I was sure he’d want to come... what if he never forgives me?”

“He’s not angry at you,” Pansy said, scoffing, “he’s just being Draco. He’ll get over it soon enough and find something else that he insists he has always wanted and will die without.”

Harry frowned. “Don’t talk about him like that. He’s really upset.”

Daphne huffed. “Harry, I realize that you haven’t had as much experience with Draco’s moods, but this is what he does. He whines about wanting something more than life itself, then he throws a tantrum when he doesn’t get it. He’s spoiled. Just wait it out. It’s what we always do.”

Harry set his jaw and folded his arms. He realized that they were probably partly right. Harry knew that Draco was spoiled, it was very hard to miss, but he also remembered how Draco had looked at Norbert Maximus. He remembered the awe in Draco’s tone as he played with him and the overwhelming sadness when he was forced to say goodbye.

Harry didn’t think this was the same as Draco not getting the latest broom.

Eventually, time came to head off to the Beltane ceremony and Harry found himself dithering. He chewed his lip, then shook his head. “I’m... I think I’m going to sit this one out.”

Mill rolled his eyes. “Harry, don’t miss out just because Draco’s being Draco.”

“I can’t,” Harry said, “sorry. I just... it wouldn’t feel the same without him.”

The rest of the Slytherins huffed and slowly started heading off in small groups to find the statue of the Druidess.

Harry waited until the last of them had left, then he stepped over to the dorm and dithered outside for several minutes, staring at the door and wondering if he was about to get hexed or screamed out the door again.

Then he knocked lightly and slowly opened the door. “Um, Draco?”

There was a clatter as the dinner plate was dumped back on the bedside table and Draco’s bed curtains quickly fell shut again.

“Harry?! What are you doing here!”

“Um, coming to chat, I guess?” Harry said, inching forward to sit on the bed next to Draco’s.

Draco was silent a moment, then he said. “I thought you went for Beltane?”

“No,” Harry said, scratching the back of his neck. “I’m sitting this one out.”

“What! But, you can’t, you’re--it’s your first Beltane! You’ll miss everything!”

“There’s always next year,” Harry said, then quietly added. “It didn’t feel the same without you.”

Draco paused, then sniffed, then there was a shuffling behind the curtain, as if he was sitting up, but he didn’t say anything in reply.

“So, um,” Harry said, “are you okay?”

Draco scoffed. “Of course I’m not okay.”

“Sorry,” Harry winced, “I’m bad at this stuff. I just... do you want to talk about it? About... Max?”

Draco snuffled. After a moment, he said, “I miss him.”

Harry smiled sadly and nodded. “I know... I’m sorry you didn’t get more time with him.”

There was faint hiccuping sound behind the curtains and another sniff. “I loved him.”

“I know,” Harry said softly.

“And he loved me.”

Harry hesitated. “Er, right.”

“We had a connection,” Draco said. “A deep bond, beyond words. I can’t explain it, but I knew he’d always be there for me, and I would always be there for him. That we would conquer worlds together, savage our enemies together and travel the heavens as one, with the world at our feet.”

Harry cleared his throat and pursed his lips. “Okay...”

“I knew he’d never leave me,” Draco said, sniffing again. “That he’d never judge me or wish me to be anyone other than who I am. I knew I could be free with Max. That we’d be free together... now he will have to be free without me, and I’ll be here. Alone.”

Harry blinked. “You’re not alone, Draco. You have me, you have friends--”

Draco scoffed, the sound was thick with sadness.

Harry frowned. “You do, Draco. You have Theo, Blaise--“

“They’re not my friends, Harry. They’re yours. I just annoy them, most the time.”

Harry blinked. “What? No. That’s not true.”

“It is,” Draco snuffled miserably.

“Draco, of course it isn’t!” Harry said, half-way between angry and panicked. “How can you say that?”

“Because it’s true!” Draco cried. “They put up with me because I have an important father and because they haveto, but nobody other than you ever actually likes me. I’m always just that little bit too annoying, that little bit too much. They’re always the ones rolling their eyes at me, making snide comments about me behind my back. Even Crabbe and Goyle only hang around with me because their fathers told them to!”

Harry opened his mouth to protest but found himself unable to.

In truth, he didn’t have clue if what Draco was saying was true or not. It didn’t feel true, but he has seen people roll their eyes at Draco and call him melodramatic. It always just felt like the usual friendly teasing, but maybe Draco hadn’t seen it that way.

Maybe those little eye rolls and teasing comments had seemed different to Draco.

Maybe they’d hurt.

Draco sniffed and continued. “I thought that, if I had Maximus, I’d have one friend who’d never leave me, who’d always be with me, but now he’s gone too, and you’ll just keep collecting more friends until you’ve replaced me completely, and then I wont have anyone.”

Harry startled, annoyance sparking again. “Draco! How can you say that I would--I’m not going to replace you,” Harry cried, angry at the thought. “That’s not how friendship works. It’s not like I’m dividing up a cake and the more friends I have the smaller a slice you get!”

“Isn’t it? You’ve barely hung out with me in weeks. I’ve been completely usurped by Theo and I Neville, so that the three of you can go sneaking around getting up to whatever it is you’re up to. You and I don’t have much in common. We don’t share a special interest or any huge secrets.”

“We’re allies,” Harry said.

“My father has plenty of allies who he can’t stand,” Draco snuffled, sounding as if he was wiping his nose, “I’ll be one of those to you, one day.”

“You wont,” Harry said. “For God’s sake, Draco, you were my first friend! Why wouldn’t I stay your friend?”

“Because I’m not like you!” Draco cried, sniffing. “I’m not popular and likeable. Nobody ever likes me!”

Harry opened his mouth to argue, but then Draco ripped the bed curtain open, eyes red raw and wet with tears and the protests died in Harry’s throat.

“People always avoided me whenever we were forced to meet with other pure-bloods at insufferable Balls and family get-togethers and for the holidays,” Draco scowled, sniffing and wiping the wetness around his eyes. “All the others would chatter happily amongst themselves and I would be the annoying one who was always just far too loud or just far too much.” Draco was silent a moment, turning away, face crumpling. “Even my parents don’t seem to like me most the time. I get excited and it’s suddenly, ‘Compose yourself, Draco’, ‘remember your manners, Draco’, ‘don’t become overexcited, Draco’.”

Draco scoffed and pulled his arms around himself. “Everyone always finds me too much. I knew it was only a matter of time before y-you would too,” Draco choked. “I thought maybe it would be different at Hogwarts. I met you and I just felt like we clicked together, as if we were meant to be friends. But I’m not special at all... you click with everyone. And now, people just put up with me even more. They put up with me because I’m a Malfoy and because I’m your friend. Then, one day, you’ll decide that I’m ‘too much’ as well--that I’m too loud and melodramatic--histrionic and emotional--and then you’ll leave me too. Then people will only ever put up with me because I’m a Malfoy. I’ll be just like father, only ever making ‘allies’ and ‘acquaintances’ who will aid me but never having anyone who actually--” Draco choked off the rant suddenly, eyes widening with horror at Harry. “F-forget that. I didn’t mean to--damn it!”

Draco whirled back away and closed the curtain to his bed and growled in frustration, sniffing. “Just go away!”

Harry sat back and breathed out shakily.

Fuck.

How long had Draco felt like this?

It sounded like something that had been playing on his mind for a long time. Maybe since he was very young.

Harry wasn’t sure how much of what Draco assumed about people was true. Harry wanted to think that he had more friends than he realized, but it didn’t seem like Draco was ready to believe that yet.

He hated the idea that Draco thought he would be alone... that nobody would ever like him for the person he was.

Harry swallowed hard and inched forward on the bed, clearing his throat. “Draco,” Harry said softly, “I don’t think you’re ‘too much’... I never have.”

Draco scoffed. He sounded... broken.

God, Harry hated hearing him like this.

“I haven’t,” Harry said. “I’d never think you were too much... because,” Harry felt an itch in his throat and he tried to clear it, “because... that would mean I’d want there to be less of you, and...” he felt his cheeks burn, “I don’t want that. I never could.” He tried to smile, though Draco couldn’t see him. “You’re just the right amount of Draco Malfoy. I’d never want you to be anything less... that’s why you’re my best friend, Draco, because you always put your everything into things... even raising a dragon with the groundskeeper.”

There was a faint, sniffly huff of laughter.

Harry’s smile grew a little. “I... I think you’re amazing. You care so much about the people you trust, and you care so much about me... and I care about you, Draco,” Harry’s cheeks burned hotter until his face felt like it was probably bright red, “a lot.”

Draco was silent behind the bed curtains, quiet for a lingering moment. “Even more than Theo and Neville?”

Harry huffed fondly. “Differently to Theo and Neville. They’re my best friends too, but... you’re different.”

“Different how?” Draco asked, sniffing again.

“I don’t know,” Harry admitted, “it’s just different.”

“Better, though,” Draco said, “superior?”

Harry barked a laugh. “It’s not a competition!”

“But if it was, I’d win?”

Harry jumped up and ripped the curtains away, glaring down at his faintly smirking friend. “You’re a git.”

“Yes,” Draco said with a smile, though his eyes were still red raw and glittering, “but I’m probably just the right amount of git, according to you.”

Harry playfully whacked him in the shoulder and Draco shoved him back. Harry stood around for a second, feeling awkward, then turned, grabbed the quilt Jiffy made him off his own bed and nudged Draco over to make room, before laying the quilt snugly over them both.

Beside Harry, Draco sniffed, grabbed a tissue and wiped his nose. “D-don’t tell anyone I said all that,” he said. “Not even Professor Snape.”

“I wont.”

Draco bit his lip. “Especially the bit about my father, I... I wouldn’t want him to hear and get the wrong idea.”

Harry squeezed his arm a little. “I wont say anything.”

Draco nodded, staring at the quilt and running his hands over the squares of fabric.

“You know,” Harry said, “I’m sure people like you more than you think.”

Draco scoffed. “You would think like that. You’re practically a Hufflepuff.”

“I’m serious,” Harry said, nudging his friend again. “I think that... don’t take this the wrong way or anything, because it’s not fair for people to make you feel like... like you shouldn’t be able to be yourself, but... sometimes it feels like you act differently with me than you do with other people.”

“Well of course I do,” Draco said, frowning, “you’re my friend. They’re not.”

“You ever think that maybe I’m your friend because you act differently with me? Not the other way around?”

Draco’s frown deepened. “I don’t... what do you mean?”

“Well,” Harry paused, not certain how to explain this to him, “you put up a front around people. A mask. You order people around instead of asking. You smirk instead of smile. You tell jokes at people’s expense and... well, you’ve never threatened to have me expelled or ruin me at any point in our friendship, which I feel really helped. It feels like this safety barrier you’ve got up to try and keep people from hurting you. You acted a little like that when we first met but it felt like there were glimpses of the real you underneath. You laughed with me and joked with me, you helped me out without expecting anything back... that’s how you make friends, Draco. Or, at least, that’s how I make friends. You need to try being you more, and stop... and stop trying to be this carbon copy of your dad. You’re dad’s amazing and all, but...”

Harry pointedly didn’t say, ‘but he’s kind of a dick’, but he felt that Draco figured out the rest anyway.

Draco turned and scowled at the quilt. “I’ve tried being more ‘myself’ before, Harry. People just used it as an added excuse to pick on me.”

Harry’s heart sank. “Who did?”

Draco pursed his lips. “The idiot offspring of some of my father’s contacts... they went to Durmstrang. Thank Magic.”

Harry clenched his teeth. “Well, good riddance to them,” he muttered, suddenly furiously annoyed. “I hope they freeze their bits off.”

Draco laughed breathily and smiled at Harry, his eyes a little watery again.

Harry reached over and gripped his hand. “Draco... I know it’s scarier to be rejected for being yourself than for... than for acting like someone else, but you can’t close yourself off from everyone just because some people are arseholes.”

Draco swallowed. Then reluctantly nodded.

“But,” Harry added, “if anyone ever makes you feel like there’s something wrong with you for being you, then you tell me and we’ll sort them out.”

Draco grinned. “Vowing to enact disproportionate vengeance on my behalf? I knew there was a reason we were best friends.”

“You know that’s not what I mean, you git.”

“Well, don’t rule it out completely,” Draco said, smirking. Then his smile fell a little. “I... I’ll try, okay? Just... I get to blame you if it all falls apart.”

“Of course,” Harry nodded sagely. “I had already expected you would.”

“And I’m not turning into some fluffy psudo-Hufflepuff, running around hugging everyone and saving poor innocent kittens from trees until they fall in love with me. I’m not you.”

Harry magnanimously decided to ignore Draco’s wholly inaccurate depiction of his character. “I am fully aware.”

“Good,” Draco said imperiously, tracing a square of the quilt. “I can’t believe you missed Beltane for me.”

“Do you think we can still make it?”

Draco checked his watch and shook his head. “They’ll be finishing up soon. They’ll be starting to head back before we even arrive.”

“Oh,” Harry said, trying not to sound too disappointed.

“But... I suppose we can just do a prayer.”

Harry frowned. “A prayer?”

“Yes,” Draco said, lifting to his feet and briefly letting the warmth out from the quilt as he padded over to his trunk, “not everything about the old holidays has to be about big ceremony with a hundred people. Sometimes it can just be you. Or you and someone else. Mother says that some of the most powerful celebrations of the old holidays are just performed between a set of life partners or spouses, demonstrating their devotion to one another in the presence and with the blessing of Lady Magic. She never went into details though and I think they hid all the books on it from me. They do that sometimes.”

“Huh,” Harry said, sitting upright. “So, how do we do a prayer?”

“Well, however you want, really,” Draco replied, picking a candle out of the trunk and sitting on the other side of the bed, just close enough to hold hands. “It’s more about expressing gratitude to Lady Magic than trying to commune with her. You need to have a lot more people in a circle to have even a sliver of hope of feeling her presence at all. I usually try and have something to represent the holiday and something to represent the circle, and say a few simple words aloud, but it’s a personal preference, not a requirement. All you really need to do is just... be present.”

“Be present,” Harry said, “okay. Got it.”

Draco huffed a laugh, then cast a levitation spell on the candle so that it hovered above the quilt. “We can just hold hands to represent the circle and the candle can represent the warmth of mid-Spring and the growing light. Do you want to speak or shall I?”

“I, um, I’d prefer that you did it.”

“Very well,” Draco said, “first I speak, then I light the candle, then we hold hands and meditate, okay? Then, when we’re ready to finish, I will say, ‘I honor Lady Magic. I honor Mother Earth.’ Then you repeat.”

Harry nodded again.

Draco sat cross legged over the quilt and Harry copied him, getting comfortable. Then Draco closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Harry copied him, closing his eyes and holding his palms up, ready.

“Lady Magic, Mother Earth, on this sacred day, the peak of Spring, we send you our gratitude. We send our thanks for the growing light of the sun, for the flowers that bloom, for the birth of life...”

Draco paused, something choking in his over—formal voice. He took a deep breath and continued, with something softer and warmer in his tone. And Harry felt the phantom of Lucius Malfoy’s stiff traditional tone fade into something that was more... Draco.

“We send you thanks for Norbert Maximus...” Draco whispered, voice shivering but determined, “for the fire of life that you bestowed to him... and to us... we thank you for bringing us together, however briefly... so that we...” he exhaled slowly, then continued, “so that we could help him find happiness with his own kind.”

Draco sniffed, his voice choking again as he came to the end of his speech.

Harry opened his eyes and watched as Draco wiped away his tears, lifting his wand and casting the spell to light the candle between them.

Then Draco’s eyes met Harry’s.

They reached for each other’s hands and Harry felt Draco squeeze his tight, taking in a shuddering breath as he closed his eyes.

Harry breathed and shut his own, then focused on just... being. He focused on the warmth of Draco’s hands, on the light of the candle, flickering beyond his closed eyelids, on the gentle inhale and exhale of his breath, on the sound of Draco doing the same.

He just focused on being present, as the trickle of something spread through him... something familiar. He focused on the feeling of his magical core, of the way it seemed to hum and sway inside him, flowing strangely, like a wave in the tide.

Finally, Draco took one last long exhale and squeezed Harry’s hand again.

“I honor Lady Magic,” Draco whispered, sounding calm. “I honor Mother Earth.”

Harry exhaled slowly, then answered. “I honor Lady Magic. I honor Mother Earth.”

And, then like a fissure tearing Harry's chest apart, that quiet waiting tide suddenly burst.

The Magic flooded him.

Draco gasped and Harry froze, clutching tightly onto his friend.

It was like tapping into something else. Some magic that was more vast and powerful than Harry could ever dream of.

It felt like being burned clean from the inside by something pure and ancient.

Primordial.

Older than the earth.

Older than the sun.

Endless and eternal and...

It was too much.

It was far, far too much.

Harry’s breathing labored, he struggled to move, to force himself to break the connection, to pull his hand from Draco’s tight grip.

He snatched his hand away and...

And the feeling faded.

Like smoke in the wind.

The magic dissipated and his core settled, as if a tap was being closed shut again.

And all that was left was their rasped breaths and the still-raw burn inside his chest and the look...

The amazement and awe in Draco’s eyes as he stared at Harry, one word unspoken and hanging between them as clearly as any scream.

Druid.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter! Thank you for all your amazing comments and all your kudos. You really make my day. The next chapter will be posted on Friday the 10th of June.

    Until then, hope you have a wonderful few weeks.

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 45
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Draco stared at Harry in silence for what felt like an age, his eyes wide and his mouth practically hanging open in shock.

“You’re--“

“Don’t,” Harry cut in, before his friend could finish. “Don’t say it. It... it might still just be a coincidence.”

“A coincidence!” Draco hissed. “Harry--this does not happen! Not to normal everyday wizards! Not during a bloody prayer with two people in a circle! You practically set our core’s on fire!”

“Oh God,” Harry groaned, rubbing his eyes. “Look... that wasn’t me, okay? It didn’t feel like me. It was something else. It just felt like it was hijacking me or something.”

“Look, I’m not an expert on Druids,” Draco admitted, “I’ve only ever heard whispers about them, but I’m pretty sure that’s what being a Druid is. You’re a conduit for Lady Magic. Like... like a wand, you know? Amplifying and focusing her power. Directing the current of magic.”

Harry scowled at his friend. “So I’m a sentient wand for a bloody higher power, now? That sounds so much more likely. I bet my dad’s going to be totally convinced of that. Shit--not dad, I mean--“

“Oh, for Merlin's sake, would you stop panicking,” Draco snapped, jumping to his feet so that he could properly pace the room, “I’ve known Snape was your father since the Sorting and we’ve got more important things to panic about right now, such as: what the fuck are we going to do!”

Harry winced. “Is... is doing nothing an option?”

Draco scoffed and rolled his eyes. “Oh yes, you just continue showing up to holiday ceremonies and setting the whole circle alight with Wild magic, nobody’s going to start noticing or anything. Or maybe you could just stop showing up altogether and everyone can whisper about the mysterious correlation between the sudden disappearance of the bursts of magic during the holidays and Harry Potter’s decision to abstain from the Pagan traditions.”

Harry winced. “Is it... is it a very bad thing if people do figure it out?”

Draco whirled around, set a hand on his hip and glared at Harry with enough exhausted annoyance to rival Severus Snape. “Yes, Harry. It is a very bad thing. I think the fact that all other Druids were quite literally wiped off the face of the earth should indicate as much.”

Harry’s mouth tasted a little of bile as he swallowed. “R-right,” he choked, feeling suddenly overwhelmingly out of his element, “so... what now?”

Draco sucked in a deep breath. “I... I think we should tell my father.”

“No.”

“Harry! He knows more about the lore on this than I ever will! He will know what to do!”

“And how likely is he to use this as some sort of prop to gain extra power over me and the politically Dark seats?” Harry snarled.

“Father has vowed to protect you and keep your secrets! We’re allies, so--“

“And your dad is smart enough to know how to hint things without saying them outright and he if he knows for sure what... what I might be, then he’ll have power over me that I really don’t feel comfortable with... I know he’s your dad, Draco, and you love him, but... what would he say if the roles were reversed?”

Draco crumpled at that, reluctantly imagining his father’s words of warning about trusting such vital information to anyone, even an ally. “I... see your point,” he murmured, “but... Harry, I don’t know what to do about this! We’ve got to figure out a way to help you direct and control your Druidic abilities, but Magic save me, I don’t know where to even start!”

“There’s not any information about it or anything in your family archives or something? Anything the Druids left behind?”

Draco scoffed. “Oh yes, we do have that one book that the highly closed-ranked Druids, who my ancestors would not even dare name in our family archives, just happened to leave us, which outlines the secret to all their powers,” Draco drawled, his tone dripping in furious sarcasm, “on the off chance that one of them popped into existence several centuries after the last recorded Druids mysteriously disappeared.”

Harry cleared his throat. “Right. So we’re basically stabbing around in the dark while I wait to see if anyone summons a murderous mob to burn me alive, then? Good to know.”

Draco collapsed on his bed beside Harry again and stared hauntingly at the wall opposite. “I just don’t know how we’re going to deal with this. I don’t have a clue where to start. You could go and do a prayer with Professor Snape tonight, but if it doesn’t work he may be too deep in denial to properly believe you. Father says that if the phantom of Hecate herself appeared before them during a Yule ceremony then Uncle Sev would have invented a perfectly reasonable scientific explanation for it within a minute.”

Harry hated to admit it, but that did seem fairly accurate. His dad didn’t believe in Gods and Goddesses, sentient higher powers that wielded and controlled the flow of magic. He believed in sensible explanations, patterns that could be explained and quantified. Logic and order and common sense.

But that didn’t mean that it would be impossible to convince his dad... if he just figured out how to speak his language, maybe he’d be more receptive. First step would be trying to prove it, of course. Hopefully that would work. If not, then Harry would have to think outside the box.

Harry chewed his lip as he felt the first stages of a plan form. He ran his hands distractedly over the quilt and slowly said, “What if we could come up with one?”

Draco blinked and turned to Harry, bewildered. “With what? You want to come up with a perfectly reasonable scientific explanation for you being a Druid?” Draco scoffed. “Good luck.”

#

After the Beltane celebrations that evening, when Severus had returned to his rooms to rest and placed up the privacy wards, a letter appeared next to him bearing his name and, inside, a message from Harry summoning him to their usual meeting place.

When he arrived, his son was wearing a determined expression and standing nervously in the middle of the hidden classroom, with the quilt Jiffy had gifted him laying on the floor ahead of him, as if they going to have a picnic.

“Is something wrong?” Severus asked slowly, feeling nervous.

“Er, no,” Harry said, then pursed his lips. “This is going to sound weird, but... could you do a prayer with me?”

Severus frowned. “A Beltane prayer?”

Harry nodded, then pointed at the floor, where he’d laid out the quilt. “Can we sit?”

Severus, in general, did not ‘pray’. It reminded him too vividly of his pseudo-Christian father, who’d spat words about hell and damnation at him, growing up.

His father was not so much a religious man as man who seized upon any opportunity to laud his superiority over others, in whatever small way he could. Praying like this always reminded Severus of the times he was sat at the dinner table with a bruised eye and ordered to hold hands with the man who’d cause it, all to give thanks to a Christian God whom his father insisted would torture Severus for an eternity in the afterlife for what he was.

Still. If Severus’s son wished to pray, he would pray. Even if it felt entirely like an exercise in futility.

He sat, instinctively positioning himself in lotus form while his son sat opposite, itchy and nervous, twisting a candle around in his hand.

“Okay, er,” Harry licked his lips and cleared his throat, “so, first you speak, then you light the candle, then we hold hands and meditate. Then, when we’re ready to finish, you say, ‘I honor Lady Magic. I honor Mother Earth,’ and I repeat it.”

Severus lifted a brow. “I am vaguely aware of the process, Harry,” he drawled. “You’re sure you wish for me to speak?”

“I think it’s supposed to be you. If it’s me then the results might be messed up,” Harry said, which was odd and suspicious in itself. “Everything has to be exactly the same. Just, um, speak from the heart, maybe?”

Severus lifted a brow but decided to forgo the queries into his son’s strange behavior until after they’d finished the prayer.

Harry set the candle in the centre and slowly managed to settle into some kind of half-comfortable state, then he cleared his throat again and turned to Severus, nodding once as if they were performing some great magical feat.

Severus sighed and tried to amalgamate together something vaguely appropriate. “Magic, we give thanks to you this Beltane night for the Light and the Spring. We impart our gratitude to the Earth for the coming time of Harvest and the bounty it shall bring.”

With the perfunctory words finished, Severus waves a hand and lit the candle, Harry blinked and opened his mouth to say something, but evidently decided better of it.

They reached for each other’s hands and Severus closed his eyes, focusing on his core to clear his mind of all thought. It was an easy enough exercise, as perfunctory as breathing, at this point, but he waited until he felt that Harry had ample enough time to finish the meditation itself.

Then he tiredly said the finishing words: “I honor Lady Magic. I honor Mother Earth.”

Harry jolted slightly, as if being forced out of his meditation, then sucked in a breath and said, “I honor Lady Magic. I honor Mother Earth.”

Then he clutched Severus’s hands tightly.

The Potions Master opened his eyes and stared at his son, who was sitting with his eyes still closes, as if waiting for something profound to occur.

When several seconds had passed, Harry finally sighed wearily and opened his eyes, releasing Severus’s hands with a sense of defeat. “Damn.”

Severus lifted a brow. “Would you mind telling me what this was all about?”

Harry winced. “It, um, it’s difficult to explain.”

“Please do try,” Severus drawled.

Harry pursed his lips. “I’m... I’m pretty sure that I’m a Druid.”

Severus huffed a quiet sound and smiled. “Harry, the lack of powerful Wild magic currents tonight was not causedby your absence. Correlation does not always equal causation.”

“That’s not what I mean,” Harry said, shifting uneasily, “I did a prayer with Draco... and we felt it. We felt the magic.”

Severus rose to his feet with a tired huff and stepped over to the armchair, which was infinitely easier on his knees. “Harry, I’m sure that it felt very profound to you, but--“

“It really happened!” Harry burst, then jumped to his feet and began to pace. “Look, um, do you believe the Druids existed? That they really could do, you know, something with magical currents or whatever?”

“I do believe that there were a set of people who had a rare magical core type, inherited by blood, and which has since become extinct.”

“Okay, well, that’s something,” Harry mutters, almost to himself, as he paces back and forth, as if trying to formulate a plan. “So... Druids are like wands, right? They amplify and conduct magic through them?”

“Yes,” Severus replied, frowning.

“Well, that’s what I felt, whenever we were doing the ceremonies, like a conduit. Like I was... like I was a tap or something, and the minute it was open all this magic just flooded through me. I thought it was just normal, but then it happened with just me and Draco, and it felt just as powerful as a big circle. More powerful, even.”

Severus tried very hard not let his doubt creep into his expression, but it appeared as if his son could sense it anyway. Harry groaned loudly and finally slumped over to the armchair opposite.

“Harry, I just find it very hard to believe that after several hundred years of nothing, you are the first Druid to be born. Especially given that my mother’s family never had a history of Druidic practices and your mother’s certainly didn’t. It is likely an inherited ability and those do not suddenly appear from nowhere.”

Harry suddenly stiffened, then looked up, a light in his eyes. “What if it wasn’t inherited.”

Severus frowned. “It was commonly stated that the ability ran in families--“

“Maybe it did,” Harry said, sitting forward and licking his lips, “but it could also be about how the babies were born. What if my mum accidentally made me a Druid.”

Severus sat back, the words circling. “By Blood Magic, you mean? If that were true then every blood magic practitioner who had tried Et Immaculatam Conceptionem spell would be Druids.”

“Except how many of them did the spell on Samhain night?” Harry asked. “On a day of power. And I was born on the 31st of July, right? Well, Draco once told me that the ancient Celts counted the days as being from sunset to sunset, so even though Lughnasadh is supposed to begin on the 1st August, you could theoretically say that I was born on a Pagan festival day as well. Plus, mum must have performed the Blood Magic Glamour spell on Lughnasadh day as well. That’s two major holidays surrounding my birth, two powerful Blood Magic spells performed on me while I was still very young. What if that’s the real trick to becoming a Druid? Like, um, it primed my core for conducting Wild magic or something.”

Severus stared at the wall opposite as the logic rumbled through his mind. The theory did have some merit. He’d always speculated that holidays aided their magical cores by allowing the flow of Wild magic through it. Blood Magic may, theoretically, do the same. If they interacted with a growing magical core in such a way, in both the first sparks of existence in the womb and during the early stages of the child’s post-partum development, then it could alter the way that the magical core interacted with Wild magic, turning them into a conduit for natural magical currents.

Severus licked his lips. “You think that this could have been the reason for the sudden surges in Wild magic currents during the circles?”

Harry appeared to nearly collapse in relief. “Yes! I do. I think I’m a, well, an amplifier. Every holiday ceremony, I feel like I’m being bowled over by this magical current. It charges right through me and I just... I don’t know how to control it. Draco said that I could get in trouble if people start figuring it out...”

Ah, Merlin.

That was true.

Why hadn’t Severus considered the threat of that possibility before? Even if it were not true, if enough people started to believe that Harry was a Druid, the threat of hearsay would still be enough to cause him danger.

And the biggest threat, of course, was far closer to home.

“Draco must promise not to tell his father. If Lucius gets wind of this he will use it to--“

“Draco wont tell,” Harry said quickly, “I already explained to him that he couldn’t tell his dad. He didn’t like it but I got through to him, I promise.”

Severus wasn’t entirely certain of that, given how highly he thought of his father, but he could have a conversation with his Godson to make sure of it. He nodded and sat back again, finger tapping against his arm as he thought.

“The Druids passed on their practices through oral tradition, so their ways were lost when they were. If we’re to find a way to control and master your ability, we must start from scratch, trialing different methods to see which work best. The most difficult aspect of our task is that you only have eight opportunities a year to test these methods, which is hardly ideal conditions for practice.”

Harry winced. “There’s gotta be other ways to do it.”

Severus had one idea, but he was most definitely not voicing it to his son.

There were ideas that you simply did not put into the heads of highly intelligent and profoundly skilled eleven year old Slytherins.

Especially not if it involved them learning Blood Magic.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Sorry that it's a bit shorter than usual. I started on another scene but it didn't turn out at all how I hoped. I didn't want to leave you waiting, so I thought I'd post what I have now.

    The next update should be up on Friday the 1st July. I hope you're all enjoying the sunshine and whatever summer plans you have, wherever you are.

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 46
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Upon informing the Headmaster of the existence of ‘Norbert Maximus Malfoy-Hagrid’, as Albus insisted upon calling the creature upon every mention of its infernal existence, Severus had pointedly told the meddling old wizard, “I am going to trust you to deal with this matter in what, I assume, will be a wholly legal and above board matter.”

The Headmaster had twinkled at him jovially and nodded, insisting, “Of course, my boy.”

It came as absolutely no surprise to Severus Snape that the Headmaster decided, in the end, to forgo the usual red tape and the Ministry’s bureaucratic hoops in order to deal with their ‘Dragon Problem’ more casually.

Albus Dumbledore, it was commonly known, did not do paperwork. Which was why his administrative duties had been foisted upon Minerva since the day she was hired as Deputy.

“That idiot,” Minerva snarled, as she barreled into his office one afternoon, “you won’t believe what he’s decided to do with that damned dra--“

“Minerva,” Severus interrupted, holding a hand to halt her, “I feel your plight, I truly do, but I am going to have to insist that any news of the Headmaster’s plans with the transportation of ‘that damned dragon’, which I assume to be wholly to the letter of the law,” Minerva scoffed derisively, “will have to remain unspoken, as I would like to minimize the possibility of my incarceration.”

Minerva huffed a laugh. “You wont end up in Azkaban, Severus. Albus is the one at fault.”

The Potions Master lifted a brow. “If you think that the Ministry is more likely to chastise Albus Dumbledore for this mess than conveniently foist at least part of the blame onto an ex-Death Eater, then I’m not certain you understand how our legal system works.”

That was not strictly true, he supposed. He had options now, but he’d prefer not to use them in this situation if he could help it. This dragon business was too sticky a mess and it would only distract from his and Harry’s larger goals.

Better to extricate himself from the situation entirely.

Minerva’s skin turned pallid at that and she pursed her lips. “Ah,” she said, “I see what you mean... in that case, I will keep the details of the wholly legal and above board transportation of Norbert Maximus to myself.”

“Thank you, Minerva,” Severus replied, then called a Hogwarts elf for a tea tray, feeling a faint wave of disappointment for not being able to call Jiffy. Her biscuits were always freshly home made and addictively delicious.

His friend collapsed in the seat opposite and sighed. “Merlin, Severus, I could have done without the added stress of this.”

“I’m sure,” he drawled, as a steaming teapot arrived on the desk ahead of them with two cups. “Exam preparations, the marking of Easter assignments--“

“Career interviews with the fifth year Gryffindors, preparing the 1992-93 first year student list for Albus, keeping the Weasley twins from killing themselves in a prank gone wrong...” she sighed miserably as Severus poured her tea and milk, “and on top of all that, preparing for this damned Gringotts meeting with the Longbottoms. Honestly, I reconsider my position on murder every time I get a letter from Augusta or bloody Algernon. I can’t believe the lengths they will go through to put that boy through hell. I hope he can survive this... it pains me to arrange such an exercise in torment.”

Severus hummed. “You need not worry about Mr Longbottom,” he said, “he is far stronger than you think.”

Minerva glanced up at him at that, then smiled a faint, sad, smile. “I hope so,” she said. “He deserves so much better than this.”

“He does,” Severus replied, “and I’m sure you will ensure he gets it... even if you have to, once again, reconsider the lengths you will go to in order to do it.”

Minerva sent him a vaguely chastising glare and huffed a small laugh. She lifted her tea cup in a toast. “To the lengths we will go to.”

Severus’s thoughts turned to Harry.

Of everything that Severus had and would yet do to protect him.

There were no limits to the lengths Severus would go to for Harry. For his son.

He lifted his own teacup in salute and they both took a unified sip in silence.

He met his son again that evening, in the hidden classroom where they tended to meet in secret. His son had come prepared, with notes and thoughts, ideas that he and Draco had discussed.

“We think that there’s a trigger,” his son said, fiddling nervously with one of Jiffy’s homemade biscuits. “Draco and I went over the events of every holiday, since I started celebrating, and the power surge always happens at one particular point--after I address Lady Magic directly. As soon as I say the words its like the floodgates open wide and I can’t stop it until I break the circle. I don’t know how to control the power surge yet but...

“But you think that perhaps you can stop the surge from happening altogether, if you don’t actually speak the final words?” Severus said. He wasn’t certain what he believed about all this, but he supposed that if an incantation could create a spell then there was no reason that a few perfunctory words addressing magic at the end of a ceremony couldn’t theoretically trigger a surge of Wild Magic--if Harry really was a Druid, that is. “I suppose it is worth a try. It will alleviate suspicion if your appearance in a circle is not always associated with a surge in Wild Magic.”

“That’s what Draco thought,” Harry agreed, then chewed his lip. “But... it’s only a temporary solution. I still need to figure out how to use my powers. If I’m really a Druid, then I should--”

“Preventing yourself from being discovered is the priority, Harry. If you are truly what you describe then exploring the limits of your abilities should take a back-seat to ensure your safety. If you wish to explore your powers when you’re older, into your adulthood perhaps, you can do so with a trusted circle who’ve been placed under strict Unbreakable Vows. For now, the priority is controlling and restricting your powers, not investigating them.”

Harry frowned, clearly not keen on the idea. “I’m not sure that Magic is going to like that.”

Severus huffed and barely kept from rolling his eyes. “Magic will have no opinion on the subject, I assure you. That being said, we aren’t entirely certain if your experiment will work and we cannot test it until the Summer Solstice, so there is very little we can do to prepare until then. We should have contingency plans in place for every eventuality.”

Harry chewed his lip. “There’s the Nott Library... I don’t feel good about rummaging through Theo’s family secrets but... if there’s any mention of Druids then we should probably try.”

Severus nodded. “I am already doing so. There’s been little mention of particulars so far but perhaps we will find some luck later on as more of the Nott Library is copied over.”

Harry nodded absently, chewing his lip. “Um, sir--do you think there’s any other way that I could learn how to control my abilities in the meantime. Just... so that I get the hang of them...“

Severus kept his face straight and stared his son down, trying to read from his expression whether or not Harry was hiding anything.

He didn’t appear to be...

Severus could only hope that Draco’s mother had never spoken to him about Blood Magic or its supposed connection to Magic as a ‘sentient being’. It was highly likely that she hadn’t, to prevent her son from doing anything dangerous before she could properly train him. The last thing they needed was another Sirius Black, dabbling in volatile and unpredictable magics from a young age.

If Draco shared any information about blood magic to Harry then they might attempt some of it... he could not let that happen. It was a dangerous enough Art for a fully grown wizard, let alone one as young and impressionable as his son.

“If I find a safe method to train your abilities then I assure you I will discuss it with you,” Severus said, which was true enough. Blood Magic, however, was not anywhere near the list of what Severus considered ‘safe methods’.

#

It was noon on Saturday when Draco stormed into the common room, charged straight up to Theo while he and Harry sat in their usual cubby, “How much for you to sneak me out of the common room tonight under a disillusionment charm?”

Theo blinked at him, his expression giving nothing away, then said. “Is this about Norbert?”

“Norbert Maximus,” Draco corrected, through gritted teeth. “And this is about those bloody Weasleys getting to see my dragon off instead of me! I saw Maximus into this world! I should get to say goodbye! But no, their brother is the one doing the smuggling so the Headmaster thinks they have some automatic right to come see off my dragon! I have half a mind to report the bastards to the Ministry out of spite!”

“But then they’d grab Norbert,” Harry said. “And he’d be in lock-up for weeks, seized as evidence for the trial. It’d be ages before they finally got him to a dragon sanctuary.”

“I know that!” Draco seethed. “That’s the only reason I’m not telling father and getting the bastards arrested!Now, how much! I know you know the disillusionment charm, Theo. What do you want for sneaking me out? Name your price.”

Theo settled his book on his lap for a moment, thinking the question through, then shrugged and lifted it again, going back to his reading. “No deal.”

“You didn’t even let me try and negotiate!”

“Not worth it,” Theo answered. “You’re bound to do something stupid and get caught, then people will figure out that I helped you and how I helped you. Not worth the risk--and before you even try and blackmail me, remember that the fact I can disillusion myself means I can hex you blind from anywhere in this school and get away without a trace.”

Draco turned bright red with frustration at that and stormed off to try and negotiate a deal with the seventh years.

Harry pursed his lips guiltily as he watched Draco desperately look for someone to help him and Theo glanced up at Harry with a knowing glare. “Don’t do it.”

Harry blushed bright red. “Don’t do what?”

“Don’t enable the idiot,” Theo murmured, keeping his voice low. “Snape will have you in detention 'til Summer.”

“I... I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Harry said, clearing his throat and wondering how the hell Theo had figured out he had an invisibility cloak.

Because he’s dad’s Protégé Spy, Harry thought to himself miserably, that’s bloody how.

Unsurprisingly, none of the upper years who could cast a disillusionment charm were willing to risk their necks to sneak Draco up to the tower that night. Especially not with NEWTs so close and Slytherin in the lead for the House Cup.

That evening at dinner on the Slytherin table, Draco stabbed the vegetables on his plate with menace while he sneered at the Weasley clan. The redheads were all huddled together at the Gryffindor table, grinning and whispering excitedly, clearly looking forward to seeing their brother tonight and their adventure with a dragon. “Look at them,” Draco growled, eyes narrowed, “I can’t believe that the bloody Weasleys get to see off Maximus instead of me. I hope he sets their stupid eyebrows on fire.”

Harry patted Draco consolingly on their shoulder. “I’m sure he will, Draco. He’ll probably even bite one of them.”

Draco seemed vaguely satisfied at the thought. “I hope all their hands swells up to the size of a melons and then they get blood poisoning and drop dead. Bloody Bumblebore. This is clear and obvious Gryffindor favoritism!”

Harry listened to Draco with an ache in his chest and itched uncomfortably in his seat, feeling Theo’s eyes narrowed on him in warning.

It came as absolutely no surprise at all that, as they lay in bed that night, Harry heard Draco creep out of bed and out to the dorm room door.

“Draco?” Harry whispered, pulling the bed-curtains away just in time to spot his friend scowling at Harry from the doorway and slipping determinedly out the door anyway. Harry grit his teeth and puffed out a breath. “Damn it.”

Feeling a little as if he was willingly jumping into a sinkhole without a rope, Harry grabbed his satchel off the floor and quickly rushed out after his absolute idiot of a best friend.

#

“I can’t you had an invisibility cloak this whole time and you didn’t tell me!” Draco hissed.

“Will you keep it down,” Harry muttered as they edged cautiously through the corridors under the cloak, with Harry keeping an eye on their surroundings and Draco generally seething, “we’re gonna get caught.”

“This whole time!” Draco hiss-whispered, tucked in beside Harry. “I bet you’ve been sneaking around for months, spying on people and everything!”

Harry felt his cheeks redden. “Of course not.”

“Oh Merlin, you have. I knew it! You’re such a Snape!”

“Shh!” Harry hissed. “You’re going to get us caught! Do you want to argue or do you want to see Max?”

“This isn’t over, Harry,” Draco whispered, but then promptly shut up.

They walked to the seventh floor in silence, silencing charms over their feet as they walked, the stairs were stationary at this time of night, as if even Hogwarts Castle itself was sleeping.

They crept over to the spiral stairs that led up to the tower and Harry whispered to Draco. “If we hear people walking down, we turn around. No arguments. Got it?”

Draco huffed, but nodded. “Fine.”

They headed up.

It wasn’t easy to walk together up the narrow spiral stairs while under the cloak. It bunched up in front of them so Harry had to lift it to keep from tripping, and Draco kept poking Harry to try and make him walk faster.

Annoying git.

“Remind me not do you a favor ever again,” Harry muttered to his friend.

“Shh!” Draco hissed. “They’ll hear!”

Harry rolled his eyes.

They could hear the faint sound of laughter as they got to the top. As they emerged onto the top of the tower and into the cold night air, Harry could see a group of people huddled near a large cage. The Weasleys were all standing a little closer with their ridiculously cool, dragon-hide clad brother, Charlie, while they laughed and joked together. But there were a few other men in dragon-hide coats who were arranging some chains and harnesses for Norbert while the dragon hissed at them with his jaw clenched tight with a muzzle.

Draco inhaled sharply at the sight. “Max...” he whispered.

Harry grabbed his hand and squeezed in comfort. “He’ll be okay. It’s just for his safety... for the trip.”

Draco exhaled slowly, squeezing Harry’s hand back.

After a pause, Harry drew them away from the opening of the staircase and along the wall.

“It's named what?” Ron said, wide eyed.

“Norbert Maximus Malfoy-Hagrid,” Charlie repeated back, annunciating it as formally as he could, for added effect. “I kid you not.”

“Wait, Malfoy-Hagrid,” Ron gaped, “isn’t Hagrid the name of that groundskeeper?”

“Oh, that’s brilliant,” Fred grinned.

“Malfoy tried to raise a baby dragon with Hagrid,” George said. "Hagrid the half-giant."

“Wicked,” Ron grinned, “I can’t wait to knock that purist git down a peg.”

Charlie cuffed Ron around the back of the head. “Leave off. Knowing the Malfoys, his dad’s likely to give arrange regular visits to the sanctuary to see 'Maximus', which costs a pretty penny. They might even give the Sanctuary a bit of funding, so long as you keep your mouth shut. Besides, the last thing I need you doing is openly talking about the dragon I’m about to smuggle out of the country. I’d like to be able to visit you lot for the holidays without the threat of an arrest, you know.”

Ron pouted and rubbed the back of his head, tutting. “Fine.”

“Where’s Percy?”

“Didn’t tell him,” Fred said.

“Prefect badge is going to his head,” George continued.

“He’d probably turn you in,” Fred finished.

Charlie frowned at them. “You should give Percy more credit, you know? The more you lot push him away and tease him the more he’s going to pull away and push you back. It’s a self-perpetuating cycle.”

Fred and George rolled their eyes in unison. “He started it.”

“Knowing you two, I really doubt it.”

Harry felt a tug on his hand as Draco tried to pull him further along the wall, closer to Max. Harry tried to tug him back but Draco wouldn’t be deterred. “I’m not here to stand around listening to the Weasels,” Draco muttered as quietly as possible. “I want to see Max.”

Harry huffed and they shuffled silently along the curved wall, closer to Max.

The little dragon was agitated. He’d gotten even bigger since the last time they’d seen him. Almost twice the size as last week. He snarled and hissed at every one of Charlie’s dragon-handler friends, swirling his sharp tail in their direction as he did, making them whip back quickly and nearly catching them a couple of times.

Harry heard Draco chuckle proudly beside him, then whisper, “Good boy, Maximus.”

“What’s that in its claws?” One of them asked the others, muffled by their protective gear. “Is that a toy?”

Another handler stepped forward to try and get a better look, then quickly had to lurch back again to evade Max’s sharp and furious tail. “No. I think its... a stuffed a dragon-hide glove? What the fuck?”

Draco inhaled sharply, then shuffled further along the wall. As they got within sight, Harry spotted it.

Draco’s glove.

Someone (probably Hagrid) had stuffed it (probably with the fluff of Hagrid’s recently destroyed mattress) and then determinedly sewn and wrapped it shut, securely enough to survive Maximus’s razor-sharp teeth.

Max was holding tightly onto it, refusing to let go, hissing at everyone who got close to it, as if convinced they’d take it away from him.

Harry felt Draco squeeze his hand again, tighter than before, and the shuddering inhale and exhale of his breath.

“Merlin... well, let him keep it, I suppose. Doesn’t look like he’s letting go of it any time soon.”

“She,” the other called, pointing to the tail. “She’s female. See? Extra spines.”

“Shit. Well, I’ll be. That’s lucky.”

“Tell me about it. If we’d been a few weeks later it’d take a bloody army to bring her to Romania. Looks like any mate that she accepts is gonna have to be a hell of a dragon. This one could probably take a male’s head off.”

“You can say that again. I think Norberta Maxima here is gonna be one fierce momma though.”

Harry grinned and nudged Draco’s shoulder as his best friend sniffed beside him, surreptitiously wiping his eyes with the back of his hand.

* * *
Notes:

    Hey everyone!

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter. Thank you so much for keeping up with the story and for all your comments and kudos. I can't believe how many people have read this--it has absolutely bowled me over. I'm glad I've kept at it, even though it's not always easy to, as the response I've had from you all is amazing.

    The next chapter will be up in four weeks, on Friday the 29th of July.

    Until then!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 47
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Draco and Harry stayed on the tower until Norberta Maxima was just a spec in the dark sky. They could see the faint outline of her flapping wings while the headed East, over the Forest. The Weasleys stuck around for a while--jostling and joking, celebrating their successful part in a dragon-smuggling operation with homemade fudge and apples they’d snuck off the Gryffindor table at lunch--but eventually the twins decided to call it quits.

“Someone will come check on the tower eventually,” Fred said, “better get a move on.”

“Oh, come off it,” Ron said. “We can stay a bit longer, can’t we?”

“You can,” George replied, getting to his feet from where he’d been relaxing on the stone floor, “but we aren’t.”

Ron rolled his eyes. “I’ll only be a minute.” He said, grabbing the container of their mum’s fudge before the twins could take it with them.

Fred and George exchanged a look, then shrugged and headed off down the stairs. As the sounds of their quiet footsteps fell out of earshot, Ron grabbed another few squares of fudge and stuffed them in his mouth.

Draco nudged Harry back towards the stairwell and they inched back towards it, making their way down the the tower, single file, trying their best not to slip on the cloak in the pitch darkness.

“Ouch! Watch it!” Harry hissed, as Draco stepped on his foot again.

“Well, walk faster, then!”

“If I walk any faster, I’ll slip and break my neck!”

“Shhh!”

Harry huffed and shut up. He breathed a sigh of relief when he spotted the moonlight from the corridor windows lighting up the bottom to the tower stairs. He slowed down a bit, listening for footsteps and keeping his eyes tuned for any looming figures.

Draco hung close. As they got to the bottom of the stairs, they looked left, then right, up and down the corridor, but the coast was clear.

“Come on,” Harry whispered, then took the first step.

It occurred to him, as something tripped him up and caterwauled a screeching sound like a siren, that he’d been so busy looking for anyone lurking around in sight, that he hadn’t been paying attention to the creature hovering under his feet.

Harry went sprawling to the floor, the invisibility cloak ripped off them both and scattered on the floor, then got caught up in Mrs Norris’s claws while she stood atop it, spitting and fuming as loudly as possible.

“Damn--shit--bollocks,” Draco whispered furiously as he tried to tear the cloak back off the cat, “get off it you evil beast!”

“Don’t tear it!” Harry hissed.

“Well, well, well,” said a croaking, victorious voice approaching from down the corridor, “what have you got here, Mrs Norris?” They turned to see Filch, grinning menacingly with his yellowing teeth. “Looks like we’ve got some students out of bed, my sweet.”

Mrs Norris made a noise, to get the caretaker’s attention and he began to gaze over to her, about to spot the invisibility cloak she was still guarding furiously, then Draco’s eyes widened and he burst out: “WEASLEY IS ON THE TOWER!”

Filch’s head snapped back to Draco, eyes narrowing. “A Weasley, eh?” He said with a growl. “Bloody menaces. The lot of them. Mrs Norris--guard the miscreants. I’ll go get the Weasley Terror.”

Filch stormed off up the stairs and Draco grabbed his wand and pointed it at the cat, then shot a stinging hex at it. The cat yowled and hissed, barely jumping but it was enough to dislodged it.

Draco grabbed the end of the cloak and pulled and Mrs Norris went tumbling off it, spitting fury. The blonde maniac actually hissed back, then tried to cover them both with the cloak. “Come on!”

“We can’t just leave!” Harry hissed. “He saw our faces!”

“So?” Draco growled. “It’s our word against his. Deny everything, Harry. That’s what father always says. Come on!”

“Draco, we’re only going to get in more trouble! Just--“

“Mr Malfoy. Mr Potter.”

The Scottish drawl silenced them at once and Draco’s eyes widened in horror. He swallowed hard and turned around to see a stern Transfiguration Professor glowering back at them.

Draco cleared his throat. “Professor McGonagall--this isn’t… we were coming to get you, because we heard that the Weasleys were sneaking off to the tower, you see, and--“

“Mr Malfoy,” McGonagall cut in, folding her arms and regarding him with great disappointment, “I am not an idiot. Treating me as such is not likely to ease the punishment you will recieve for this grievous error in judgement.”

Draco’s mouth snapped shut and, in the lull that followed, they heard Ron griping with Finch while the caretaker dragged him down the stairs by his ear. When the redhead arrived at the bottom, he looked almost as surprised to see Draco and Harry as he was horrified to see McGonagall.

“The Gryffindor Head of House regarded them all coolly. “Detention,” she said, arms folded as her gaze lingered on each of them in turn, “and fifty points from each of you.”

#

Snape stared emotionlessly at Harry while the Slytherin itched in his seat in the hidden classroom.

“To be clear,” Harry’s dad drawled, after several minutes of silence, “you revealed the fact you have access to an invisibility cloak--“

“Draco wont say anything--“

Snape lifted a hand to indicate that Harry was to be silent. Harry’s mouth snapped shut again.

“You revealed the fact that you had an invisibility cloak, made yourself privy to a dragon-smuggling operation, thereby making yourself complicit in the crime itself… you very nearly got the invisibility cloak confiscated by Argus Filch and have now lost your house a grand total of one hundred points in a single night… all because, and I quote, ‘Draco missed Max’.”

Harry pursed his lips, desperate to defend himself, because Snape hadn’t seen how utterly pathetic Draco had looked over the last week. And Draco was going to get caught if Harry hadn’t gone with him… but Harry supposed that they’d gotten caught anyway, so it was probably not a very good point to bring up.

“Is that correct?” Snape pressed, watching Harry from the armchair opposite, hands folded together on his lap.

Harry cleared his throat. “Yes, sir.”

Snape sighed and rubbed his eyes. “Harry, you are an intelligent, resourceful young man with so much potential… but I have begun to notice that you appear to have a weakness for caving in and agreeing to involve yourself in whatever idiotic schemes your friends--Draco Malfoy, in particular--have contrived.”

Harry pursed his lips. “I say no… sometimes.”

“My apologies, let me clarify,” Snape drawled, then glowered tiredly at Harry, “the moment you find yourself confronted by someone else’s emotions you will immediately opt to do whatever they wish… I suspect this is out of some misconception that you are personally responsible for making other people happy.”

Harry blinked. “You mean I’m not?”

His dad grimaced and tipped his head back and stared at the ceiling, taking a moment to gather himself before he turned back to Harry with a determination. “No, Harry, you are not,” he said slowly. “I realize that the Dursleys likely made you the scapegoat for their every negative emotion, placing you in a position of blame for any reason they could possibly invent, because they are cruel, idiotic narcissists, but you are not personally responsible for the emotions of others. You do not have a duty to put yourself in a position of danger or risk in order to assuage someone’s personal feelings.”

Harry frowned. “But… that’s what friends do, isn’t it?”

Snape appeared quite sad at those words. “A good friend is there to support a friend in emotional crisis. To give them a shoulder to cry on, so to speak, and to provide mutual aid when you are in need, but you must be value yourself as well, Harry. You must prioritize your own needs and personal safety, and a good friend will not demand that you sacrifice those. I know that will be hard for you… but you must to try to learn, because I suspect that your own need to go above and beyond, in order to be of help, and Draco’s tendency to demand often unreasonable things of others, could lead to a very unhealthy friendship if left unchecked.”

Harry swallowed hard. “Draco’s not that bad…”

Snape lifted a brow. “He emotionally manipulated you into concealing the presence of an XXXXX classified beast on school grounds.”

Harry winced. “It’s not as horrible as you’re making it sound.”

“It is,” Snape growled, “and I realize that Draco is simply emulating his father, that he is only eleven and is only just now growing and developing the very first stages of what may or may not later become a fully functioning conscience--Merlin save us, I truly do hope he develops one eventually--but if you do not set boundaries now, he will never learn how to respect them. You cannot bow to Draco Malfoy’s every whim at the first hint that he is upset. He will only begin learning how to cry on cue in order to get what he wants from you.”

Harry wanted to argue. He really did.

But his dad did have a point.

Much as Harry cared about his friend, and though he knew that Draco cared about him as well, Draco was still a ruthless, amoral dickhead and a somewhat reckless spoiled git. He used whatever tools he had available to get what he wanted, and worried about things like ‘guilt’ or ‘remorse’ or ‘morality’ later.

Harry had managed to get Draco to agree to be less of a dick to people over the last week. To stop using threats. To try and be a bit more honest around people. But Draco was still a while away from developing a properly functioning sense of ‘right and wrong’ and, until he did, Draco was probably going to continue to be a probably not-great influence on Harry, if Harry let him be.

Harry sank in his seat and sighed. “Okay…” he whispered, “I’ll… I’ll try, um, ‘boundaries’, or whatever.”

Snape sighed and nodded. “Good,” he said, “I’ll find you some Muggle literature on the subject,” he said, then leaned back in his armchair, “but for now, we must discuss the consequences of this incredibly ill advised adventure of yours.”

Harry grimaced. “How bad is it?”

“The Headmaster is personally organizing your detention,” Snape said, lips pursed unhappily, “and I cannot overrule him or gain any insight into the exact details of what he has in mind, or take the detention off his hands, because he is my superior. I did offer to but he waved me off. With any hope the detention will involve cleaning trophies or scrubbing floors.”

“But you doubt it,” Harry said.

“I do,” Snape said, eyes hard. “He is growing more desperate, I believe, and will try and maneuver things to fit with whatever scheme he has in mind. Be prepared and do not hesitate to use the ring to contact me if you need to.”

Harry nodded. “I will,” he pressed his lips. “I’m sorry… sir. For sneaking out… it was stupid.”

Snape regarded him sadly. “It was,” he said, then hesitated, “please try to take better care of yourself, Harry. I realize that you take after your mother… she was the sort of person who would walk through burning coals for who she loved… but even she was forced to learn her limits the hard way. I don’t wish for you to discover them the way she did.”

Harry chewed his lip, trying to gather up the courage to ask, but his dad smiled sadly, seeming to read his mind.

“Yes,” Snape said, “I mean me. I… I became wrapped up in the purist fanaticism… dragged under by it. Sometimes I hid it from her, sometimes I didn’t… but Lily put up with far more from me than she ever should have, before she finally ceased speaking to me for… for me aiming a slur at her personally. I don’t blame her for ending our friendship then.”

Snape swallowed hard. His eyes glistening slightly, the way they always did when he spoke about mum.

Harry’s throat caught at the sight.

“Sometimes I wish that she’d cut me out sooner… given me an ultimatum and made me choose before I sank in too deep… I’m not sure what I would have done, but losing her as a friend… it nearly broke me.” Snape gripped his hands together and stared at them, head bowed. “Harry… if you care about your friendship with Draco, you will learn how to respect yourself enough to prevent it getting to that point. Because… eventually, if you let him, Draco will step over a line--do something or say something that you cannot condone--and you will never be able to forgive him for it. Don’t let it get to that.“

Harry swallowed hard. “I… I wont.”

Snape nodded, closing his eyes and exhaling. “Good,” he whispered, “I’m glad.”

#

The lead up to exam period seemed to make everyone crazy. Harry knew that a lot of the Ravenclaws were obsessed with grades, but it didn’t occur to him that the Slytherins weren’t that far behind until he suddenly started getting bombarded with requests to play tutor from all his housemates.

True to his word, Harry tried to set some boundaries… with some varied success.

“Why can’t you just show me now?” Draco whined, collapsing on the chair next to Harry in the common room. “We’re both here and it’ll only take a minute.”

“Because I’m exhausted,” Harry said, holding his ground. “I’ve got an extra Inter-House Study Group tomorrow after classes finish and I said that I’d help them with the Charms practice, so just come along and I can show you then.”

Draco screwed up his face with distaste at the thought. “You mean you actually study at those? I thought you all just gossiped.”

“Mostly we gossip,” Harry admitted, “but lately we actually study. Come along. You can practice not acting like a dickhead.”

Draco appeared greatly distressed by this choice. He pouted miserably. “I can’t believe you’re trying to make me to socialize with Hufflepuffs. Please, Harry! It’ll just take a second.”

It would. Harry knew that. It’d only take a second and then Draco would be satisfied… but Harry was genuinely exhausted and he knew that it was a bad idea to cave in every time that Draco begged.

Harry sighed and decided to try and appeal to his best friend’s barely-functioning conscience. “Draco… I’ve spent all day doing classwork and revision. I’m worn out. Please, can you just wait until tomorrow?”

Draco pursed his lips. He still didn’t look happy about it but, after a moment or two, Draco sighed and rolled his eyes. “Fine. I’ll go to your stupid Hufflepuff study group.”

“It’s an Inter-House Study Group.”

“Filled with majority Hufflepuffs,” Draco said, scoffing. “I bet you a Galleon that at least one of them brings along some home baked goods their mother made.”

“No way am I taking that bet,” Harry scoffed, “I’m bound to lose and I don’t have a Galleon to forfeit.” Then he smiled at his friend. “Thanks, Draco.”

Draco’s cheeks reddened a little in turn. “You’re welcome… I hope you realize the sacrifice I’m making here,” he said imperiously, “nobody has suffered as I am about to suffer.”

Harry snorted and rose achingly to his feet. “Night, Draco,” he said, “see you in the morning.”

When they arrived at the Study Group at 3pm the next day, there were three containers of home baked goods sitting on the table. Draco sent Harry a ‘Why are you forcing me to associate with these plebeians’ look, but Harry ignored him.

“Hi guys,” Harry said, as he stepped over and admired the bundle of cookies, the box of cupcakes and the tin of brownie bites. “Who brought these, they look amazing!”

The group looked up. Hermione, Theo, Blaise and Tracey Davis were already further down the table with the Ravenclaws, having a heated debate about Transfiguration calculations. They barely waved at Harry’s approach. On the right-side of the table was Hannah, Justin, Megan Jones and Susan Bones were on the other side with Neville, Dean, Pavarti and Lavender.

Even Susan Bones’s smile faltered a little when she spotted Draco beside Harry, but only briefly. “Hannah’s elf made the cupcakes, Mrs Fletchley, Justin’s mum, made the brownies, and Mr Jones, Megan’s dad, made the cookies.”

“He heard that you’ve been giving me a hand catching up,” Megan added with a shy smile, “he sent them as a thanks.“

Megan was one of the newer arrivals to the study group. She was Muggle-born and had trouble understanding some of the theory work and memorizing the incantations. It was easy to forget, when you knew witches like Hermione with an eidetic memory and could read 400 words per minute, that there was steeper learning curve for people raised in the Muggle world. Harry had gotten lucky because he had a whole year reading books and learning about magic. Muggle-raised like Megan and Justin weren’t so lucky.

Susan’s gaze flickered briefly to Draco at the mention of Megan. Likely expecting him to wrinkle his nose and mutter something about ‘Jones’ not being a Wizarding name.

Draco didn’t, he just quietly took a seat in the chair beside Harry’s and peered into the container with the cookies. “May I have one?” He asked Megan, almost as if making a point.

Megan blinked and the rest of the Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors (with the exception of Neville) exchanged some astonished stares. “Uh, sure. Help yourself.”

Draco picked out a double chocolate chip cookie with one of the paper napkins provided. “Thank you,” he said, taking a small bite and he munched on it with some consideration. “Mmm. Quite delicious. Send my gratitude to your father.”

There was a short, stunned silence as the gathered students stared in shock. “Uhm — s-sure,” Megan stuttered.

Harry buried a laugh and took a seat. “Hope you don’t mind that I invited Draco. He wants to go over the Alohomora Charm.”

“Oh! Good idea!” Susan said quickly, and they got started on practicing their charms-work.

Later, as they were finished saying their goodbyes and Draco had provided Megan and Justin with sickeningly polite expressions of thanks to send to their parents for the cookies and cupcakes, the Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors (with the exception of Hermione) headed off for dinner.

“Aren’t you staying?” Hermione asked from the other side of the table, where the Ravenclaw-Slytherin-Hermione section of the Study Group had sent two people off to collect further sustenance so that they could continue obsessively revising through to curfew.

“Nah,” Harry smiled, “I think I’m done for today. Going to try and give myself a break.”

Hermione frowned as if she was struggling to understand why he appeared so relaxed with their exams only a week away. “Okay…” she said slowly, “well… have a good rest.” She paused as she spotted Draco packing away his books, then pursed her lips and said, “Good day, Malfoy.”

Draco turned a polite smile Hermione’s direction. “Good day, Granger.”

As they left the library, Harry barely resisted the urge to grin. “So…” he murmured, “you can be polite.”

Draco rolled his eyes. “Of course I can, Harry. You’ve met my mother, haven’t you? She has been giving me etiquette lessons since I was still in nappies.”

Harry hummed. The silence lingered for a moment. Harry bit his lip and said, “So… that wasn’t all some kind of weird pure-blood oneupmanship or anything?”

Draco scoffed. “Well, of course it was. What do you take me for — a Hufflepuff?” He rolled his eyes. “Did you see the way Bones looked at me when I walked in? As if I was going to start spitting slurs at Finch-Fletchley and Jones any minute. As if I don’t have any decorum at all!”

Harry burst.

“What are you laughing at! It’s not funny!”

“It is,” Harry grinned. “It’s hilarious. You took the cookie as some weird ‘screw you’. It was a ‘screw you’cookie.”

Draco pursed his lips together very tightly, as he tried not to laugh. “Well, the ‘screw you’ cookie worked, didn’t it? You saw the looks on their faces. I thought Abbott was going to faint.”

“We’ve got another Study Group on Thursday,” Harry said with a grin, “you could come along and bring those fancy chocolates your mum likes to send you. ‘Screw you’ chocolates. Extra fancy ones. That’d show them, huh?”

Harry had been joking, but instead of scoffing and laughing it off, Draco glared into the distance as if considering the idea.

Then they heard a whimper.

Both Slytherins froze.

The noise was coming from the classroom ahead and, as they drew closer, they heard Quirrell’s voice.

“No--no--not again, please--“

Draco frowned, moving closer, and Harry reluctantly followed.

“All right--all right--“ Quirrell sniveled.

A second later, Draco was shoving Harry up into an alcove, and a pale-faced Quirrell hurried out the classroom, straightening his turban and rushing away so quickly that he didn’t even spot Harry and Draco cowering just out of sight.

Draco waited, not even daring to breathe, until Quirrell’s footsteps had disappeared, then crept back over to the classroom to peer inside. When he was satisfied, Harry’s friend turned to him with wide, slightly manic eyes and chest heaving with panic. “I… I forgot something at the library. You go ahead.”

Harry narrowed his eyes. “I’ll go with you--“

“No! Go, eat dinner--I’ll meet you there!”

Then Draco was running away, faster than Harry had ever seen him manage in their Widditch matches with the Gryffindors.

Harry crept over to the classroom, to take a peek, but it was empty, with only a door standing ajar at the other end.

* * *
Notes:

    Hey everyone!

    Thank you so much for all the lovely comments, not just over the last few weeks but also since I started posting this story, and I'm so thrilled that you're all still enjoying this story and keeping up with the new chapters. You've been so incredible and it's really helped to keep me motivated.

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter. The next one will be posted on Friday the 26th August. I hope you're enjoying your summer (or winter, depending on where you are).

    Stay safe!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 48
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Severus was exhaustedly returning from a long evening of personal meetings with his snakes when the note arrived.

‘I need to tell you something. Can we meet? H.’

Severus winced and looked up at the clock. It was already 11pm. Long past his son’s bedtime and, if Severus was honest, his own as well. He was dead on his feet as things stood.

He grabbed a slip of parchment and scrawled a reply. ‘I have time in the morning, at 6am. Will that suffice or is it an emergency? SS.’

Severus called Jiffy’s name and then handed the elf the note, instructing her to bring it to Harry.

It was a little while before a note came in reply.

‘Tomorrow’s good,’ Harry had written in reply. ‘See you then. H.’

Severus exhaled in relief and wrote a short response. ‘Goodnight, Harry.’ Then he collapsed into bed.

He could have sworn that barely a few minutes passed before he was being cautiously woken by a nervous elf.

“Master S,” Jiffy whispered, eyes wide with worry. “Master S — it’s time for Master S to wake up.”

Severus barely kept from hexing the poor elf out his bedroom. “Time,” he said instead.

“Jiffy’s read the clock numbers,” Jiffy said proudly, straightening a little, “and the long stick is pointing toward the number two, and the big stick is pointing towards the number six.”

Severus’s tired mind took moment to translate that into an actual time and then bolted upright and summoned his robes, swearing profusely as he grabbed a slip of paper and wrote a note explaining his delay. “Jiffy, get this to Harry.”

“Yes, Master S,” she said, then popped away.

Severus applied his stealth spells instinctively, then bolted out of the door to his personal rooms and towards the stairs, beginning the long, arduous climb up towards the hidden classroom on the fifth floor. It was only when he climbed to the second and heard the sounds of voices that he double checked the Disillusionment Charm was still active and the silencing charms on his feet were in place.

“--w-w-would d-do such t-t-terrible thing?” Stuttered a familiar voice.

“It is hard to imagine,” came the reply. A wise and weathered tone to the voice that Severus would never fail to recognize. “I dare not speculate on who or what would be so desperate. Still, it is only one case so far. I think that I would have to be certain it was malicious before I decided to bring the matter to the Board of Governors. It would do no good to have them panic prematurely. Hagrid will be doing nightly searches. With any luck, it was an anomaly.”

“Of c-c-course,” Quirrell stuttered. “Well, I h-hope that’s the c-c-case.”

“As do I,” the weathered voice said gravely in reply. “Well, I will leave you to it. Good morning, Professor.”

“G-g-good morning, Headmaster,” Quirrell replied.

Severus moved for the wall, flicking his wand to strengthen the Disillusionment as he heard the footsteps approach.

Step. Step. Step.

Gaudy lilac robes appeared around the corner. A long white beard and hair and half-moon spectacles hiding glittering blue eyes. Severus did not so much as breathe as the Headmaster paused at the top step of the staircase to the first floor.  

Albus Dumbledore paused. His hand lingering on the rail of the staircase. Facing away from Severus.

Then the elderly wizard’s shoulder’s sank and he turned his head.

Turned… and searched the hallway behind, where he’d just left Quirrell. 

Albus Dumbledore stared, as if his mind was far-away, and a half smile graced his lips… his eyes losing their happy twinkle, then he turned back and began the long walk down the stairs.

Severus barely let himself exhale.

Too risky.

He couldn’t risk meeting when Albus Dumbledore had been right next to him, wandering these halls and checking for anomalies. The Headmaster had always had an uncanny ability to see past people’s disguises. Severus was fairly confident in his concealment spells, but not enough to risk everything for a meet-up.

Severus wandered to the fourth floor and found an empty classroom, then placed several dozen spells over the door and began writing a note.

‘Too risky to meet. AD is wandering the halls. Can’t be sure he didn’t spot me. Wait half an hour a least before you leave the safe spot and be extremely cautious when you do. SS.’

“Jiffy,” Severus called. She appeared a second later in a green dress with a blue flower broach on the collar. “Bring this to Harry. Be extremely careful. The Headmaster might have spotted me under a disillusionment. Do not let him sense your presence.”

The little elf’s eyes hardened at that. She didn’t appear to like Albus Dumbledore very much. “Yes, Master S,” she said, picking up the note and disappeared.

Severus waited a few more moments for the reply and, sure enough, it came a minute later, scrawled quickly.

‘Did he spot you? Are you sure I shouldn’t leave? Oh god, do you think he knows? H.’

‘No,’ Severus wrote, ‘he was speaking with someone. It appears unrelated, but he came very close to my location and no matter how confident I am in my abilities for stealth, I will not risk everything on that confidence. Please stay put for a while, to lessen suspicion. I’m sorry I cannot make the meeting. Perhaps we could meet this evening.’

‘Can’t tonight,’ was Harry’s reply. ‘Detention with Filch.’

Ah, of course. The dreaded detention.

Severus’s mind whirled with possibilities he dared not entertain. He swallowed and penned a reply.

‘If there is so much as a hint of any danger at all, you alert me to your location with the bracelet. Do you remember the code word for the tracking spell?’

‘Auxilium. I remember. I’ll be careful, sir.’

Severus hoped that would be enough.

#

Harry and Draco got a letter that morning from Dumbledore informing them that their detention with Filch would take place at 11pm.

“At night?” Harry blinked. “So he’s punishing us for being out past curfew by keeping us out past curfew?”

“Apparently,” Draco drawled. 

Harry stared at the note in confusion. “I really don’t understand this school.”

At eleven o’clock that night they headed out of the common room and went down to the entrance hall. Filch was already there with a pouting, furious Ron, who was glaring accusingly at them both as if holding them personally responsible for his capture. Technically speaking, Harry supposed, the Gryffindor was more or less correct. 

“Follow me,” said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them outside. “I bet you’ll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won’t you, eh? Oh yes … hard work and pain are the best teachers if you ask me… It’s just a pity they let the old punishments die out… hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a few days, I’ve got the chains still in my office, keep ’em well oiled in case they’re ever needed… Right, off we go, and don’t think of running off, now, it’ll be worse for you if you do.”

Harry frowned and leaned towards Draco and whispered. “Why does Hogwarts even have a Filch? Don’t the house-elves do most the chores?”

“All of them,” Draco corrected, huffing as he glared at the back of Filch’s head. “He's next to useless, but Dumbledore claimed it would be discriminatory to fire Filch from his post, on account of his condition.”

“Condition?” Harry asked.

Draco raised a brow and mouthed ‘Squib’ and Harry felt a wave of confusion. He blinked and frowned. “But can’t they just hire a Squib to a better suited post? Like teaching History of Magic or something? Merlin knows we need a new Professor. Maybe someone who isn’t an absolute lunatic or isn't going to send us to sleep.”

Draco stared at Harry as if he were mad. “Teaching!” He gasped in horror.

Harry rolled his eyes at his friend. “Yes, Draco. Why not? They do it at Uagadou.”

Draco opened his mouth to argue but then seemed to slowly realize that there was no logical reason why a Squib shouldn’t be able to teach a theoretical subject like History of Magic. He fell silent in quiet consideration, as if desperately looking for reasons why this was a terrible, awful idea.

They followed Filch off through the dark grounds while the moon shone overhead, its light obscured by the clouds.

Harry wasn’t entirely certain what kind of detention would involve being out in the Hogwarts grounds at eleven o’ clock at night, but he was certain it couldn’t be good. Especially with Snape’s worries about Dumbledore growing desperate.

“Is it me or is this all extremely ominous?” Harry muttered to Draco.

“Which part?” Draco replied. “The middle of the night walk through the grounds with a self-proclaimed torture fanatic or the fact we’re headed straight for the edge of the Forbidden Forest?”

“Maybe it’s a coincidence?” Harry tried, but Draco’s disbelieving look in response made clear how likely he felt that possibility to be. “Well then… bollocks.”

“Precisely my thoughts as well.”

The bright fire of Hagrid’s hearth shone through the windows of the man’s hut while the man shouted to their group: “Is that you, Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get started.”

Harry wasn’t sure if he should be glad that they had Hagrid for their detention or terrified.

While Hagrid was nice and fairly easy to persuade, in most situations, he also had no concept of appropriate health and safety measures for eleven year olds and always obeyed Dumbledore’s word to the letter.

“I suppose you think you’ll be enjoying yourself with that oaf?” Filch said. “Well, think again, boy – it’s into the Forest you’re going and I’m much mistaken if you’ll all come out in one piece.”

“Wh-what?” Ron stuttered. “The forest? But… I heard there’s werewolves and other stuff in there.”

“That’s your lookout, isn’t it?” Filch crowed gleefully. “Should’ve thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble, shouldn’t you?” 

Hagrid came striding towards them out of the dark, Fang at his heel. He was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder. “Abou’ time,” he said. “I bin waitin’ fer half an hour already. All right, Draco, Harry?”

"I shouldn’t be too friendly to them, Hagrid," said Filch coldly, "they’re here to be punished, after all."

“That’s why yer late, is it?” said Hagrid, scowling at the caretaker. “Bin lecturin’ them, eh? ’Snot your place ter do that. Yeh’ve done yer bit, I’ll take over from here.”

“I’ll be back at dawn,” said Filch, “for what’s left of them.” Then he slunk back towards the castle, slipping into the darkness until all you could see of him was a bobbing lantern light.

Draco now turned to Hagrid. “Hagrid… you can’t possibly be intending to take us into that Forest,” he said, a note of panic in his voice. “I mean… it’s dangerous!”

“Pah,” Hagrid said, waving the worry off. “Yeh’ll be fine so long as yeh do as I say. Stick clear of the Acromantula terretory and there won’ be no trouble.”

“Acromantulas?!” Ron burst, turning very pale.

Harry swallowed hard. “But, Hagrid, the Forbidden Forest is forbidden. We’re not allowed to go in there. We’d be breaking the school rules, wouldn’t we?”

“Yeh don’t have to worry about tha’,” Hagrid said confidently.

“I’m not sure I feel comfortable going into the forest, Hagrid,” Draco prompted, trying for patient and reasonable. “Maybe we could do our detention somewhere else.”

“Ah, erm, no,” Hagrid said nervously, scratching his chin beneath his bushy black beard. “We’ve gotta go into the forest.”

“But I don’t think the Headmaster would want a bunch of eleven year olds going into the Forbidden Forest at night, would he?” Harry said, feigning confusion.

“Yeh don’t have to worry about tha’,” Hagrid said once again.

“But Hagrid, if Dumbledore’s finds out, you could get in trouble for it. You could even get fired.” Draco said, playing up the wide-eyed and innocent act. “We’d be better off doing a detention somewhere else, wouldn’t we? For your sake.”

Hagrid huffed at this. “Now, look ‘ere, we’ve got permission, so it’s all right.”

“Permission from who?” Harry asked.

“Well, the school.”

“But the school banned students from going into the forest. That’s why it’s called the Forbidden Forest.” Draco pressed.

“Well, it’s all right so long as yeh got permission.”

“Permission from who?”

“The school,” Hagrid said again, clearing his throat a little.

Hagrid clearly was given orders not to outright admit that Dumbledore told him where to take them for detention. And if Dumbledore had given Hagrid orders, then he was going to obey them.

Damn.

This was really happening, wasn’t it.

Harry exchanged a terrified look with Draco.

He was running out of ideas to get out of this. Then Ron cut in behind him.

“I’m not going anywhere near that Forest!” Ron cried. “There’s bloody Acromantulas in there! No way! I’m not going in there!”

“Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts,” Hagrid said, scowling. “Yeh’ve done wrong an’ now yeh’ve got ter pay fer it.”

“But… Acromantulas! I thought we’d be writing lines or something.“ 

Hagrid scoffed. “Writin’ lines! What good’s that ter anyone? Yeh’ll do summat useful or yeh’ll get out. If Yeh’ll rather you were expelled, then get back off ter the castle an’ pack. Go on!”

Ron sank miserably, pale-faced and shivering.

Oh God.

This was really happening, wasn’t it? There was only one way they were getting out of this ridiculous trip into the deadly forest full of Acromantulas.

Harry swallowed hard. “Auxilium,” he whispered, and he felt the bracelet on his wrist hum.

Hagrid blinked at Harry. “Yeh say something, Harry?”

“No, nothing at all,” Harry replied.

“Right, well… listen carefully, now, ’cause it’s dangerous what we’re gonna do tonight an’ I don’ want no one takin’ risks. Follow me over here a moment.”

They headed to the very edge of the Forest, down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the dense tree-line. Dark and almost pitch black beyond the faint light of Hagrid’s lantern.

“Look there,” said Hagrid, “see that stuff shinin’ on the ground? Silvery stuff? That’s unicorn blood.”

It was fucking what.

“There’s a unicorn in there bin hurt badly by summat,” Hagrid said. “This is the second time in a week. I found one dead last Wednesday. We’re gonna try an’ find the poor thing. We might have ter put it out of its misery.’ 

“And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first?” said Draco, a shiver of terror in his voice. 

“There’s nothin’ that lives in the Forest that’ll hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang,” said Hagrid, “so long as yeh keep ter the path. Right, now, we’re gonna split inter two parties an’ follow the trail in diff’rent directions. There’s blood all over the place, it must’ve bin staggerin’ around since last night at least.”

“Er, Hagrid,” Harry said, “sh-shouldn’t we stay together? Safety in numbers and all?”

“This’ll make it easier to find,” Hagrid said, as if he were being perfectly sensible. “Two teams. One of yeh will come with me. The other’ll go with Fang.”

“I’m going with Hagrid!” Ron cried, stepping closer to the groundskeeper. He still looked a little pale and twitchy from all that talk of Acromantulas.

“Right then,” Hagrid said, handing Fang’s leash over to Draco, who the boarhound immediately tried to climb like a puppy.

“Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we’ll send up green sparks, right? An’ if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, an’ we’ll all come an’ find yeh — so, be careful — let’s go.”

And that was it for the safety talk, apparently. 

Hagrid patted them on the back and pointed the two of them towards the forest and Harry and Draco reluctantly began to walk down the nearly pitch-black path into the deadly forest.

Once they were out of earshot, Harry whispered, “So, we’re waiting until Hagrid is gone and then doubling back, right?”

“Well, of course we are,” Draco scoffed, struggling to keep hold of Fang’s lead. “Merlin above — they want us to wander around a Dark Forest with a thrice damned unicorn killer running around in it. This school is ridiculous.”

Harry kept his gaze on the silhouette of Hagrid behind them until the light of the man’s lantern was no longer visible. “Right,” Harry said, stopping in place. “I think he’s gone now. Come on, let’s go back.”

Draco tried to turn around and walk back to the school grounds but Fang was dragging his lead the other direction, further into the Forbidden Forest. “Come on, you stupid mutt. What are you doing?”

Fang was snuffling eagerly at the ground and following the silvery blood, apparently determined in his mission to take them deeper into the deadly forest.

“Absolutely not,” Draco growled, trying desperately to pull the dog the other way. “We can go for a walk somewhere that doesn’t have giant man-eating spiders and werewolves, you useless beast.”

Then Fang froze. His head bent low to the ground and his ears pricked upwards.

“What’s he doing?” Draco said slowly, trying to pull Fang back down the path. “Why’d he stop? Harry — why did he stop. Is he listening to me? You don’t think he — ack! No no no! Stop!”

Draco lurched as the dog began determinedly dragging the Slytherin in the wrong fucking direction.

Fang had caught the scent of something.

“Harry!” Draco yelped. “Help, you idiot!” 

Harry barely managed to grab his friend’s hand in time before the absurdly strong dog began dragging him off the path to literally follow a trail of unicorn blood.

“Just let go of the lead!” Harry hissed at his friend.

“I can’t do that! He’ll run off and get himself killed!”

“We’ll get killed!” Harry growled, trying to grab at a tree with his free hand to keep them from being pulled further into the Forest. “And are you really picking now to develop a bloody conscience! You were literally plotting Ron’s ‘purely theoretical’ assassination last week!”

Draco pretended he wasn’t listening. The bastard. 

“Fang!” Draco barked. “Stay! Stop! Lay down! Merlin, Morgana and fucking Salazar, what bloody steroid potions is Hagrid feeding this demon hound!”

They were dragged further into the dense thicket, with only the glitter of unicorn blood reflecting from their torchlight while Draco tried desperately to get the stupid dog to listen.

Eventually, he bellowed: “Sit!”

And Fang sat. Tongue lolling out and panting happily at Harry’s idiot of a best friend.

“Ha!” Draco cried, jubilant. “He listened! Good dog.”

“Yes, brilliant. Well done, Draco,” Harry drawled, scowling at his friend and indicating to the scattering of trees around them both. “Except now, in case you hadn’t noticed, we’re off the path and have no idea where the fuck we are.”

Draco’s joy faded and he gazed around at the darkness around them. “Ah,” he muttered. “Bollocks.”

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Hope you enjoyed the update. Sorry it's a bit of a short chapter, but I plan to make up for it by getting the next chapter up in a fortnight's time.

    Thank you so much to everyone who commented and clicked kudos. You've been keeping me motivated over these months (or years now, I suppose) to post the next chapter and the next, even when I'm not in any mood to write. I appreciate all your thoughts and kind messages more than you know.

    Next chapter update will be up on the 9th September.

    Stay safe!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 49
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Severus owned a patch of Unplottable land in Eden, Cumbria. Part of the inheritance he’d gotten from his mother’s side, in a pathetic effort to assuage their guilt for abandoning Eileen Prince to the mercy of an abuser and the worst sort of man.

It was 320 acres located in the middle of nowhere, with anti-Muggle spells and a large section of woodland to the west side, populated mainly by mundane creatures, birds, badgers, foxes and so forth, but also home to the occasional bowtruckle and fairy. 

Severus had a shack there, which he kept stocked with first aid and health potions, and enough canned food and other supplies necessary so that he could use the spare as a quick escape or emergency sanctuary, should he require one.

Once upon a time, before he’d put the life of Lily and her son at risk and before he’d been drawn into his spy-work, he had dreamt of having a house built there. He’d been saving for it. He could have built it, at any point in the years that followed, but he found himself lacking the enthusiasm for the project after Lily died. Being isolated in a cottage alone in half a mile of empty land and with only his own self-loathing to accompany him… it did not sound much more appealing to him than the grey drudgery and depravation of Cokeworth.

The discovery of his son had renewed that old dream. Harry’s existence had made him consider options. How to turn the land into a stronghold. How to make it a secure location that might home them. It would never be as secure as Blood Wards — regular wards were limited and fallible and even Fidelius Charms had their weaknesses — but Severus could not help but dream of a day when he and Harry might live in a cottage together on their own little patch of Eden. Safe.

But it would also, Severus had very recently decided, make an entirely perfect spot to bury Albus Dumbledore’s corpse.

The Potions Master considered the possible methods of execution and disposal carefully as he vaulted through the halls of Hogwarts Castle, towards the Forbidden Forest where his son had somehow mysteriously ended up during his detention. 

Severus had woken up roughly a minute ago, amid the first stages of a nightmare begun by the sudden unwelcome knowledge that his son’s exact location was, for some incomprehensible reason, the middle of a forest full of deadly, man-eating beasts.

His first reaction had been cold hard panic and terror.

Then, at the understanding of who could have possibly been behind this, it gave way to a cold, murderous rage. 

Poison, Severus decided, as he charged through the halls of the dungeons, would be the most effective means of termination for Albus Dumbledore. The Headmaster was almost constantly stuffing his face with sweets. He took no heed of where they came from. His sweet tooth was practically at the level of addiction, at this point.

The lemon drops. 

That’s how Severus would do it. 

But to do it slow or quick — that was the question.

A slow, staggered poisoning would make it easier for Severus to hide his culpability, after the point of death. He knew a potion, illegal but with common enough ingredients, that would slowly induce symptoms of diabetes and cardiovascular disease… it would make it all appear perfectly natural. The Headmaster would be, after all, celebrating his 111th birthday this August. He was no spring chicken. That was below the average life expectancy, but not wholly unexpected for someone of his age. The British Wizards would mourn, they would host a big funeral, and talk of how he was a legendary wizard who’d done so much for our world, but they’d not suspect murder.

But slow poison would be harder to hide from the Headmaster himself. It might take weeks of dosing lemon drops for the man to finally succumb, and in that time it was possible for the Headmaster to test his lemon drops for signs of tampering. Albus Dumbledore was a savvy man. He would consider it… and the moment he discovered he was being dosed with a slow-acting poison, the Headmaster would suspect Severus. It would not take much more than a word to have Severus incarcerated, at that point.

A fast poison came with it’s own set of risks, though. The Headmaster carried a bezoar, and so Severus would need to invent a way to prevent the man from ingesting it. Or perhaps… a potion with a delayed onset. By the time the symptoms became known and the bezoar was consumed, it would be too late — the poison would already be settled into the bloodstream.

But then he would have to hide the body and invent a means to keep himself free of suspicion during any investigations that might follow. People would immediately look at Severus if the Headmaster mysteriously died or disappeared. 

The Potions Master. 

The former Death Eater. 

They would be looking for any possible suspect to capture and appease the press and public with, as the Ministry often did, and Severus would be an easy target for their investigation.

It was too complicated. There were too many opportunities for failure.

A delayed onset potion that mimicked a heart attack, perhaps? He was not aware that one existed, but if it didn’t… he could create one. He was more than willing to put the required hours, weeks, months… or years necessary into forging it.

“Argus!” Severus hissed, as the caretaker skulked in the main entrance of the castle, standing as if guarding it. “What are you lurking around here for?”

“Keepin’ an eye out for runners,” he breathed, his yellow-stained teeth revealed as his mouth peeled back into a sneering gleeful grin. “One of the little brats is bound to get a fright and go tearing back to here with his tail betwixt his legs, crying to his mummy for help. But I’ll get to ‘em first.”

Severus sometimes wondered if the hiring of Argus Filch was actually the most genius move in opposition of Squib Rights that Albus Dumbledore had ever made. He occasionally pondered if the Chief Warlock was actually, in secret, of the opinion that Squibs should remain as isolated from and downtrodden by wizards and witches as humanly possible.

A paranoid part of Severus’s brain frequently latched onto this thought. Was the hiring of Argus Filch, Squib Caretaker and self-proclaimed Head Torturer of Hogwarts, actually part of a long-term diabolical plan of some sort?

The rest of the time, of course, Severus was forced to come to the conclusion that, while he was a good tactician and a powerful wizard, both magically and politically, Albus Dumbledore simply lacked the common sense and appropriate motivation required to run a genuinely functional school. He foisted most his workload and paperwork off on an overburdened Minerva and spent the rest of his time embroiled in complex plots as a desperate means to avoid doing his actual job.

Severus narrowed his eyes at Argus, a shiver of disgust running through him at the sight of the man. 

Argus was not exaggerating when he told tales of all the methods of torture he would use on the children here, if given the chance. If this wretch had been capable of using a wand when the Dark Lord was looking for followers, he would have been first in the queue… and he would have done whatever tasks he was given with open glee. From intimidation to outright murder… and everything between.

“What ‘brats’?” Severus snarled. “Where? There should not be students out this late! They should be in bed!”

The caretaker breathed a breathy laugh, bearing his yellow teeth a little more. “Detention in the forest,” he said. 

Severus felt his hand grip his wand tightly. He bit down the urge to hex this man to oblivion and flee into the Forest immediately. “You mean to tell me you left students in the Forbidden Forest!” He cried. “What were you thinking?! I’ll have your head for this!”

“Weren’t my idea,” Filch said with satisfaction, as if pulling out a trump card. “Headmaster’s orders. You can’t touch me, Severus.”

Got him.

Severus wasted no more time with the cretin before he raced across the stretch of land leading to his son. He could still feel the pull of the tracker spell, the doubleness as he sensed his son’s location, somewhere deep in what used to be called the Black Forest.

If anything happened to his son, Severus would not rest until he’d seen Albus Dumbledore to his grave.

#

Draco, Harry was learning, was not a particularly good person to have around in a crisis.

Harry’s best friend was currently hunched on the dirt, cowering with Fang, as his wide silver eyes flicked in every direction at every owl call or rustle of branches or distant ominous sound. 

That much, Harry could understand as natural, given the situation. 

It was the running commentary he could have done without.

“We’re going to die — I knew this would happen — I should have put my foot down the minute Hagrid said — what was that? Did you hear that? I heard a rustle — did you hear a rustle? Does Fang look startled? Boarhounds can smell danger, can’t they? I read that somewhere. Does he looks like he’s smelling something dangerous? Harry! We should run!”

“We need to stay put,” Harry said patiently, as he crouched on the ground next to Draco, while Draco in question was, at this point, basically hugging Fang for comfort like he was a giant teddy bear, while the boarhound drooled on his shoulder. “We sent up the red sparks. Hagrid will be on the way.”

So would Snape. With any luck, Harry’s dad would get here first… and hopefully before anything got sniffing around to look for tasty humans to eat.

Harry shivered and pulled his winter cloak tighter around himself.

“How are you so calm!” Draco whined. “It’s infuriating! You should be scared out of your mind!”

“I am scared out of my mind,” Harry glared, “but this is one of those situations were at least one of us has to be acting calmly and thinking sensibly and clearly you’re a little preoccupied.”

Draco glared in offense, but it only lasted a moment as the next second he heard a noise to his right and he squeaked and prepared to flee. “What was that?!”

Harry grabbed his friend’s arm with one hand and grabbed his wand with the other. It sounded like footsteps, which should have been a comfort but, considering everything, really wasn’t.

Then, a familiar pale, scowling face, faintly illuminated by the moonlight, came into view.

“Thank Merlin!” Draco gasped, looking as if he might cry with relief as the Potions Master stormed into the small clearing. “Professor Snape! You have to help us! They sent us into the Forbidden Forest for detention and —“

“Mr Malfoy!” Snape hissed. “Feel free to explain everything when we are not standing in a forest full of man-eating beasts.”

Draco shut up.

Snape cast a Point-Me Charm, as a makeshift compass, and then ordered them to stand directly behind him at no less than a meter distance and began leading them painstakingly carefully back to the path. Harry’s dad was possibly even more paranoid than Draco was. He stopped at the faintest crack or snap, at the weakest whisper of wind rustling through the bushes and sometimes for no apparent reason at all. 

They walked in absolute silence as the spy crept like a panther through the forest, seeming both predator and prey. Ready to strike down anything that might harm them.

Then Snape spotted something on the forest floor.

He stopped. 

There was a deadly stillness to his body as he gazed downwards.

He crouched and stared… analyzing. Then his gaze crept back upwards, to the bushes and trees around them… looking for the silvery trail on the forest floor.

The unicorn blood.

Harry knew the moment that his father realized why Albus Dumbledore had sent them into the Forbidden Forest.

Because somewhere in this forest, someone, probably Quirinus Quirrell, was hunting down a unicorn, to drink the blood from it’s still-living body.

At least that explained why the professor was so desperate for the Elixir of Life… he was dying. Nobody would be desperate enough to drink unicorn blood unless they had no other choice.

Snape froze for a moment longer, his mind whirring… then he lifted to his feet once more and continued his careful journey back towards the school grounds. 

They headed for Hagrid’s hut. The hearth was still burning and the leftovers of Hagrid’s tea was sitting on the small table. Fang immediately jumped up into Hagrid’s bed, happy to finally be home, while Draco and Harry basked in the warmth of the fire. Harry’s hands had been shivering with more than the cold for the last ten minutes and now it seemed that the exhaustion of it was finally sinking into his bones.

“Explain,” Snape said calmly, without inflection or fury. Harry could tell by the tone of his voice that he was Occluding like his life depended on it.

“There’s a unicorn killer,” Harry said. “Hagrid said they found one dead last Wednesday and he took us out to look for it tonight. I don’t think it was his idea. He said the school gave permission but he wouldn’t give a name.”

Snape nodded impassively, as if they were talking about the weather. “Did he say anything else?”

“He said that if we didn’t go we’d get expelled,” Draco added. “Then he told us to stay on the path, away from Acromantula territory — as if we’re supposed to know where that even is — and to stick with him or Fang. Then, he told us to cast some green sparks if we found the unicorn and red sparks if there was trouble, and that was it! He just sent us off on our merry way! I like Hagrid well enough,” Draco added, albeit reluctantly and with his cheeks red with embarrassment, “but I don’t know if he should ever be made responsible for the welfare of anybody under the age of seventeen… in any capacity… ever.”

Snape said nothing. His face an impassive mask of the most intense Occlumency. “Remain here. Do not move.”

“Where are you going?” Harry cut in quickly, stepping forward as his heart pounded suddenly in his chest. “You’re not going back out there, are you?”

“Somebody needs to,” Snape said, “and I cannot let whatever is killing those unicorns continue to walk, so long as I have a chance to stop them.”

To stop Quirrell. 

Harry knew it was the sensible choice. Catching the man in the act of drinking unicorn blood… that would solve a lot of their problems. It would make easy work of the next part of their plan and would eliminate Quirrell as a threat. The law was almost as strict about drinking unicorn blood as it was about the casting of an Unforgiveable and it would be a fast track to Azkaban.

Harry swallowed hard. “But —“

“I am more than capable of looking after myself, Harry,” his father said, sending Harry a fond half-smile. Pained but warm. “Stay here. Stay safe.”

Then, as Harry was struggling to think what to say, his father stepped out of the shack and began the trip back to the forest, to track down whatever lurked inside.

#

The air was crisp and clear, that night. There were no foul odors on the faint breeze to obscure the distinct smell of the unicorn’s blood.

Severus only ever heard it read about in books before. Described by Potions Masters who were either stupid enough to test its powers or unfortunate enough to happen upon someone desperate enough to destroy themselves by consuming it.

The silvery blood smelled of liquid magic.

It was difficult to describe, but easy to identify. The tang and twist of enchantment. The same smell that drifted from an elixir when it slowly shifted from mundane to magical. A smell that Severus had grown to love, over the years of his work. Now, he feared he would think of dying unicorns every time he brewed a potion.

Severus cast a disillusionment on himself, a silencing charm on his feet. He carried no lantern and lit no Wand-Lighting Charms. He moved by darkness and the light of the moon, silent and unseen. 

Tracking.

The trail was still fresh. 

The creature had likely been wounded when it was unaware, but it was not a fatal blow — just enough to slow it down and make it bleed. The killer tracked it. The killer was still tracking it. Hunting it down like a beast.

Severus did not know Quirinus well, but he had to admit that this seemed out of character. 

It was one thing to steal the Philosopher’s Stone. There was actually a justification to that. After all, the Elixir of Life was the Alchemical Panacea. A cure-all for every ailment on earth, be it mundane or magical. That was what seemingly made the drinker immortal… and why one must continue to drink it to continue benefiting from that supposed immortality. 

It could only extend someone’s life beyond a natural lifespan so long as the owner of the Philosopher’s Stone continued curing themselves of their ills.

Age was not what killed mortals. Sickness was.

But instead of sharing this ultimate cure-all with the rest of the world, Flamel had hoarded it for himself. Greedy and self-centered, he’d continued using it for six hundred years, painstakingly concealing the truth of how it was forged (though Severus had one or two grim theories on the subject) and never daring to create another. 

One could convince themselves, if they were motivated, that it was no great sin to remove such an item from Nicolas Flamel’s hands, so that someone else might have the chance to benefit from its powers. 

Even Severus had considered it, once or twice. Not for himself, as he’d no desire to live forever… but he would steal it for his son. Perhaps even for other people who deserved a chance at health and happiness far more than an ancient Alchemist did.

If Severus thought he could get away with it, he would have tried to steal it already, but he would never risk his freedom and his son’s safety on a greedy fantasy. He would not risk everything on that. 

But to kill a unicorn… that was desperate. Depraved.

It took a particular mindset, and if Quirinus had sunk into such a state that he was drinking unicorn blood, he needed to be stopped. Urgently.

A wind swept through. The forest stirred — rattling the trees and making the leaves tremble and whisper.

Severus followed the silver trail, the scent of magic.

Carefully. Step by step.

He spotted a large pool of silvery blood on the floor. The splatter of it… the unicorn had taken another blow and the second was harder and more deadly than the first.

The creature was bleeding harder than before. Too quickly. The blood sluiced in great big splashes where the unicorn had fled. Staggering and fatally wounded.

Severus scanned every empty patch and shrub for a flash of white. The soft, subtle glow of unicorn fur, pure and unsullied, laying down for their final rest.

Then, he heard a whimper.

Severus halted. His mind focused on the sound. A rasping breath, a whine of pain. The last gasps of a dying creature. 

And a rustle.

A sharp fear thrummed under Severus’s skin. 

Like pin pricks.

He gripped his wand tight, swallowed down his hesitation and focused. Occluded. His mind needed to be sharp.

He moved as slow and silent as a snake. Inching through the trees, avoiding brush and branch, whether fallen or hanging. Even with the silencing charm on his feet, muffling the rustle of leaves and crunch of dirt, he could be heard other ways and spook his target.

But Severus was a skilled enough spy to know how to move like a shadow.

He crept. Listened.

The footsteps of his target inched carefully through a copse of trees.

The whining of the creature grew more urgent. Panicked.

The unicorn recognized its killer. 

Feared them.

Severus rounded a tree, slipped through a cleared opening as he spotted a figure in a dark cloak, lowering their lips to the unicorn’s wound.

The Potions Master lifted his wand. Ready to incapacitate them and —

Pain.

It iced down his left forearm. Excruciating and familiar — a distant and lingering memory that stopped his blood cold. A pain that dragged him back to his worst memories. 

To kneeling while he was Crucio’d — over and over again.

To being summoned in the dead of night to wherever his Master wished, with no idea if it was to be a test that studied his limits and loyalties… or to be tortured to death for his betrayal.

Then a dry, tired voice rasped… a familiar voice made horse and hollow… one that haunted his nightmares. “Severus…”

No.

No no no.

He couldn’t be… Severus would have sensed it.

If the Dark Lord had risen, Severus would have felt it. They all would. They would have felt him come into his power.

The dark figure lifted to their feet. The cloak was sunken around their face, obscuring them, and Severus did not know if he saw the red glow of the Dark Lord’s eyes within the darkness of that hood, or if it was merely his mind playing tricks.

“Severus…” the voice rasped, a fury and a mockery to the tone, “… bow… to your Lord…”

He didn’t.

He fled.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter! Thank you again for all your incredible support -- all the comments and kudos and for just about anyone reading this message, really, as you've read through over 215,000 words of my writing to get here, and I consider that a pretty amazing compliment in itself.

    I'm planning to post the next update on the Friday 23rd of September, otherwise known as Mabon, the Autumn Equinox! Stay safe and have a brilliant fortnight.

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 50
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

The pain on his arm did not dissipate until he was close to the edge of the forest. Until he was well clear of the figure under the cloak and the rasping voice that had haunted his worst nightmares for over a decade.

Severus gasped a breath as he stopped by a tree, looking out into the clearing. A way away, the Potions Master could see the soft glow of the hearth inside Hagrid’s hut. The shadow of either Draco Malfoy or Severus’s own son, passed by the window and Severus swallowed down the burn of panic in his gut as he felt it begin to overwhelm him again.

He reached for his left sleeve and drew it upwards, gazing over the pale flesh where the barest faded remnants of the old brand remained.

Unchanged.

Severus remembered the first time he realised what the Dark Mark really was. Not just a brand or a means of the Dark Lord summoning his followers to his side… but a chain around the necks of the Death Eaters. 

It was a method of controlling them all through fear and pain.

The first time he realised, not long after he was marked, he was gathered in the circle of his then-comrades, their hoods and masks covering their faces, with the Dark Lord in the centre of the formation, speaking of the day they would overthrow Albus Dumbledore’s puppet regime and tempting those devout among him with tales of the power they would receive for their loyalty.

Severus remembered the doubts he felt, briefly. The worries that one puppet regime would be replaced by another. That the people around him would be worse Masters to those they controlled than the ones who currently held a boot to the necks of Wizarding society.

Then, the Dark Lord stopped. 

Severus’s mark burned… and the sorcerer turned and looked at him. 

The Dark Lord recognised the young wizard, despite the cover of their cloaks and the many concealed faces among the crowd.

He recognised him as if he were able to see past cloth and flesh and into Severus’s very soul. To see every thought. Every doubt. Every fear.

“Are you ready for your first raid as one of my inner circle, Severus?” The Dark Lord murmured, a challenge to his tone. A test.

Severus’s breath caught in terror and he bowed in deference. 

“I am, my Lord.”

The Mark burned once more as the sorcerer spoke again. “Do not fail me, Severus,” the Dark Lord warned. 

Then, he continued his speech.

That was when Severus realised what the Dark Mark really was.

The Dark Lord had warped the spell it originated from, moulded it into something different. Corrupt.

The Dark Mark was a shackle. A way of the Dark Lord sensing the location of his followers, when they were within distance, and a way of reading their feelings, when they slipped close. Reading their doubts. Their fear. Their lies. The seeds of the emotions which sowed into betrayal.

The Mark could not broadcast thoughts to their Master, but it could sense feelings, and every one of them which did not meet the Dark Lord’s measure, could be punished.

Severus had spent the next two years occluding. Occluding his fear. Occluding his betrayal. Knowing that one slip up could pull his feelings to the surface of his mind and broadcast them to his Master.

The Mark did not work that way all the time. Only when the Dark Lord was close, but even that was more than enough to threaten Severus’s life in the years when he’d turned spy. Even in the time before that, the Dark Lord had not taken kindly to any feelings of dissent.

Obedience, pure and loyal, was expected at all times.

Severus swallowed hard and rolled his sleeve back down, occluding the fear and terror away. He needed to think clearly.

If the Dark Lord had truly risen again, the Mark would have darkened. It would have burned with victory at the return of it’s master. But it had not darkened. It was as faint and feeble as it had been for the last decade.

Albus Dumbledore had once called the Dark Mark a reflection of Voldemort and his power.

“The weaker it is, Severus, the weaker he is. The darker it grows, the closer he will be to his return… and that it did not disappear completely from that flesh upon your arm is proof, to me, that he is still out there. Weakened. Barely clinging to some measure of existence, however parasitic. But surviving, nonetheless.”

Severus had hoped the man was wrong. Overthinking things. Preparing for a war that would never come. But part of him knew. 

Part of him knew that the end was not done. Part of him knew that the Dark Lord was desperately seeking a way back to power. Clawing at this world like a primordial beast, desperate to keep from moving on to whatever laid beyond.

Part of him knew, in his heart, that there was more to come. 

That he was a war still to come.

And now he knew that the one at the heart of it was his own son.

Severus closed his eyes and breathed, touching the rough bark of a nearby tree and grounding himself in the sounds of the forest. The rustle of tree and whisper of wind. The cry of night creatures, both mundane and beast.

Occlude.

He could not afford to let his mind slip when he was here. He could not afford to let his emotions slip.

The Dark Lord might be weakened, but he still had power, and even at his weakest the Mark would always obey its Master.

Severus had only ever been able to locate one reliable method of removal and it was less than ideal. A last resort.

The Headmaster had always begged caution, claiming that his work as a spy was not yet finished.

It might be worth reconsidering that, now. If he was to continue this path, seeking to be acknowledged as Harry’s father, it would eventually put it in direct and open opposition with his former Master. It is possible he already had.

If the Dark Lord rose again, he would use the Mark to torture Severus with. To punish and torment him at every possibility. To provide him no relief, no respite.

To drive him to madness.

Whatever benefits Albus Dumbledore saw in keeping Severus tapped into a magical network run by a controlling madman, it was not worth risking his sanity.

It was better to risk the removal of the Dark Lord’s corrupted seal, before it was too late. Though it was far from a perfect solution, it would only grow more difficult with time. 

But he had time to prepare.

Severus opened his eyes as he heard the rustle of bushes at the other side of the clearing and the sound of a rough voice.

Hagrid rushed from the Black Forest’s path with Ronald Weasley running in tow. The groundskeeper ran towards the castle, likely to inform the Headmaster of the sudden disappearance of two students in the midst of a detention in the Forbidden Forest.

Severus watched the man run, sweating and terrified, having likely scoured the forest as best he could and then sent a friendly centaur or two on the search. 

If Severus did nothing, the idiot would likely have the whole staff on high alert within minutes. The Professors would all rush down with bleary eyes from their beds to begin the search for what they would believe to be likely two very dead students.

The professional thing to do would be to halt any such fuss at the pass. Explain the situation to Hagrid. Rebuke him for going along with Albus Dumbledore’s dangerous scheme. Prevent the mass hysteria that would result from the staff being disturbed to undergo a fruitless search. Quietly plot revenge upon the Headmaster for risking Severus’s son for some fools plot.

But Severus did not much feel like doing the professional thing at the moment. Instead, he waited, leaning against the tree as the terrified groundskeeper bolted into the castle with a panting Gryffindor rushing behind him.

Let them sweat, the Potions Master decided, as another plan began to form, then he checked his disillusionment and strolled to the groundskeeper’s hut.

#

The din outside was growing steadily louder. The sound of gasps and shouts and furious outrage. Harry couldn’t quite make the words out but people did not sound happy in the least.

“Shouldn’t we, er, be going outside?” Harry asked his father tentatively.

Snape was sitting at Hagrid’s little table, sipping a cup of tea and acting, for all the world, as if everything was perfectly normal. “No,” he drawled, “I think not.”

Harry exchanged a look with Draco, who was currently sitting on Hagrid’s bed with a boarhound slobbering sleepily in his lap.

“But,” Harry cleared his throat, “if we don’t, they’ll start scouring the forest for us, won’t they? They’ll be worried.”

“Wouldn’t that be a shame,” Snape said, sipping his tea.

A moment later, a second silvery phoenix appeared before Snape, opening it’s beak to scream out: “Severus! Respond! Two students are missing! We need you here at the edge of the forest immediately!”

Then the silvery phoenix disappeared.

Snape sipped his tea.

Draco swallowed hard and cleared his throat. “He sounds angry, sir.”

“Do you think so?” Snape asked, appearing unbothered. “I disagree. Frustrated, perhaps. The Headmaster really does loathe to be ignored.”

Harry cleared his throat and looked outside the window again as the din quietened and a single voice rang out in the silence. “Er, I think almost everyone’s there, sir. Dumbledore is making a speech.”

Snape nodded and set down his tea, lifting his wand and calmly saying, “Expecto Patronum,” and waiting as a silvery doe jumped from his wand.

Harry’s breath caught in a moment. He watched the doe with awe and a strange sense of familiarity as it stepped closer to Snape. Noble and deft and powerful. For some reason, the moment Harry saw the doe, he thought of his mum.

Snape spoke aloud again, with the monotone timbre of a platform announcement: “All staff please proceed to the Groundskeeper’s Hut. Immediately.”

The doe jumped away and disappeared.

Snape picked up his tea again and sipped.

Harry watched out the window as the gathered staff listened to Albus Dumbledore’s speech, no doubt it was moving and deftly avoiding blame altogether as he rallied the staff to begin their long and gruelling search. The voice cut off suddenly at the arrival of the doe.

There was silence as the message was repeated back, and then the sudden burst of movement.

At the front of the procession of panicked professors was a familiar figure. The largest of the bunch. He barrelled through the rest, knocking at least one person out the way and bursting full speed towards the hut.

What felt like seconds later, Hagrid burst inside, teary eyed and nose dripping. “Harry!” He cried. “Draco! Fang! Oh, Merlin, I thought yeh’d —“ he stopped and opted to grab them both into a hug instead. He was large enough and his hut was small enough that he could reach out both arms and scoop all three of them into a giant embrace.

Draco squealed with indignation while Harry tried to twist his face out of the direction of Hagrid’s scratchy black beard. From the sound of Draco’s furious struggle, Fang had now opted to join in the hug by drooling all over the blonde’s neck.

“I thought yeh’d gone and been eaten,” Hagrid sobbed. “I were so worried yeh’d strayed off the path an’— I tried lookin’ for yeh, when the sparks went up, but yeh’d just disappeared an’ —“

“Reubus,” the tired voice of Professor McGonagall said tightly, “as much as I understand your feeling, we really must have the boys to bed, given that they should never have been kept awake for a detention in the first place, let alone one in the Forbidden Forest.”

She said it in a way that suggested she was angry with the groundskeeper in particular for it. It was only then that Harry realised what was happening.

Hagrid was getting the blame.

It was Dumbledore’s scheme that had put them in this mess. It was Hagrid’s loyalty to the Headmaster that made him do what he did… but Hagrid had been told to stay quiet about who told him to bring them to the detention in the forest, and so Hagrid would. Because Hagrid was loyal, and a little dim, and didn’t realise that it could lose him his job.

Draco stiffened with the same realisation. 

“That’s not Hagrid’s fault!” Draco yelled, trying to wrestle free of Hagrid’s hug. “That manipulative idiot is the one who —“

“Mr Malfoy,” a sharp, icy cold voice cut in, and Draco silenced.

Everyone did. 

As Hagrid let them go and they pulled away, Harry spotted his father sitting quietly in the chair, watching the Headmaster with an expression of stone. One born of unbreakably strong Occlumency barriers, which likely kept at bay the rampaging rage burning within him.

Nobody dared speak. Despite the warmth of the fire, it felt as if the temperature in the room dropped several degrees.

“Headmaster,” began Professor Severus Snape, Potions Master, spy, Master Occlumens… murderer… a man who’d survived the worst types of torture, and the only man who had ever looked the two most dangerous Legilimens of modern history in the eye and plotted to betray them... and then lived, “why did you send Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy into the Forbidden Forest with a unicorn killer on the loose?”

The teachers suddenly turned a quite sickly colour. Many gasped or held hands to their mouthes as if they suddenly felt ill.

The Headmaster looked quite pale himself. “Unicorn killer?” He said, clearing his throat. “Do you have reason to believe that there is —“

“Do not obfuscate, Headmaster,” Snape calmly interrupted. “Filch made clear that this detention was constructed on your orders. Mr Potter and Mr Malfoy have made clear also that Hagrid explained the intention of the detention at the outset, to look for a unicorn killer who had already struck in this very forest days before. Do not, for a second, plead ignorance in this matter. It is known to every sane mind here that Rubeus Hagrid will go to you immediately for every possible update on the welfare of the creatures within this forest. He would not fail to report the violent death of a unicorn. So, please do explain to me, Headmaster, why you decided to overrule me and take personal responsibility for the detention of two of my snakes, only to deem it appropriate to send them into that forest?”

The Potions Master licked his lips as the staff around the hut and waiting outside turned and began to glare at Albus Dumbledore with a growing horror and dawning realisation. Several of them, Professor Sprout, Madam Pomfrey, Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick in particular, looked partial to murder.

Albus Dumbledore appeared to be reading the shift in the air. He cleared his throat again. “Severus, could we perhaps speak in private?”

“No,” Professor McGonagall cut in, folding her arms, “I think not.”

“Neither do I,” Professor Sprout said.

“Albus,” Professor Flitwick began, half-snarling, and it was the first time that Harry had spotted a glimmer of a warrior goblin in the wizard’s eyes, “unicorn murder is an Unforgivable-Ranked crime. You should have contacted the authorities the second that the first unicorn was found dead. That is your legal obligation. You are also contractually obligated, in your position as Headmaster, to inform both the Heads of Houses and the Board of Governors if you believe there is a risk to the school.”

“I did not believe that — it had not spread from within the confines of the forest, and so —“

“Which is still on school grounds,” snarled McGonagall. 

“It was likely just a beast within the forest,” the Headmaster said, lifting his hands placatingly. “I did not want to cause unnecessary alarm by —“

“It is the job of the authorities to decide whether it is a wild beast or a being who is responsible,” Flitwick snarled, “not you, Headmaster. I suggest that perhaps you become better versed in the limitations of your power and position. You are not the law, Chief Warlock. Not even within the wards of Hogwarts School.”

Albus Dumbledore appeared to need a moment to process the comment. He blinked in confusion, his brows furrowing with bewilderment and his mouth bobbing open and closed as he tried to think what to say.

He looked to the others, to all the gathered staff, seeking support, but none came to his aid. McGonagall, Flitwick, Sprout, Madam Pomfrey, Sinistra, Vector, Babbling, Madam Pince, Trelawney… 

Finally, a nervous voice piped in beside Harry, “Pr’fessor,” Hagrid rasped, “maybe, er, maybe it’d be alright to let the Aurors take care ‘a this from ‘ere,” he said nervously. “I mean… if you think tha’s best?”

Albus Dumbledore swallowed hard, straightening and nodding as he rasped out quietly, “Ah, yes,” he said, “perhaps… perhaps that would be best. I will contact them with haste.”

“Thank you, Headmaster,” Snape drawled, with a voice like a gaseous poison, undetectable to the eye or the ear, but deadly beneath. He rose easily to his feet, cleaning the teacup and sending it to its shelf with two flicks of his empty hand. “Now, if you don’t mind, I have students who were meant to be in bed approximately five hours ago. Mr Potter, Mr Malfoy, with me.”

Harry and Draco rushed to keep up with the Potions Master as he stormed from Hagrid’s hut, leaving the mutinous Hogwarts staff behind him.

Harry waited until they were at the castle in the otherwise empty corridors with Draco panting along behind them, trying to wipe Fang’s drool off his neck, before he spoke.

“Was that wise?” Harry asked his father, swallowing hard and keeping his voice at a whisper. “Is it not too soon?”

Harry’s father glanced back at him with an expression void of emotion. “It was necessary,” he said, walking quickly as his gaze turned back ahead, hardened and jaw tight with fury and he lowered his voice so that only Harry could hear. “Our goal has shifted slightly. We need this place crawling with Aurors… and we need Kingsley Shacklebolt.”

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter! Thank you so much again for all your amazing comments and all the kudos. I can't believe how many people have read this story so far.

    I'm going to be posting the next chapter on the Friday 7th October, so until then...

    Stay brilliant!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 51
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Severus had expected the early summons to the Headmaster’s office. He had expected a subtle conversation about professionalism and remembering his loyalties. He had expected veiled and carefully disguised threats.

He had not expected for the Headmaster to brush the whole matter of blame aside almost immediately.

“I completely understand, my boy,” the Headmaster said, shaking his head as he sat behind his desk. “I got carried away with myself, placed students at risk and that puts you in rather a bind. I understand that. Your duties as a Head of House have always been important to you, and you’ve vowed to protect Harry Potter, after all. I realize now just how infuriated you must have been to realize the risk I put your charges in.”

Severus’s mind screamed and blared with alarm bells.

He would have honestly been more comforted if the Headmaster had openly threatened him with termination or prison.

This reaction, however… this was worrisome.

“My main fear is the unicorn, Headmaster,” Severus deflected. “If it is Quirinus who killed the creature, he is growing desperate and it is only a matter of time before he does something rash and dangerous.”

Albus sighed and rubbed his eyes. “Yes,” he said gravely, “I suspect he is… I do not think there is enough evidence to warrant his capture, however, and the presence of Aurors at the school is only likely to agitate him further.”

That was true enough, Severus would admit, but the alternative was to have the Dark Lord and his servant walking freely in the halls of Hogwarts, with the Ministry and the DMLE completely unaware. The alternative was also to leave Albus Dumbledore with complete control over how the story of this event broke and whether it reached the ears of others in power at all.

And to leave the protection of Harry in the hands of Severus alone, with the Dark Lord walking freely within this school, even if only possessing Quirinus, and Albus plotting something that Severus could not even begin to comprehend... that was not an acceptable alternative either.

Now that he was sure that the Dark Lord was actively seeking resurrection, it was only a matter of time before he would rise again and seek to destroy Harry… and since that was to happen, Severus needed to begin gathering together allies faster than he had anticipated… and he would need to do something about this man.

“Is there any possibility that he will flee?” Severus asked, though he knew the truth himself.

“I think not,” Albus replied, sitting back and sighing. “He will not easily give up the prize he seeks… but he will find himself quite outmatched, where the Stone is concerned.”

Severus was not sure how much stock he put on Albus’s protections, but the additional wards that the Potions Master had set over the door would take nothing short of a spectacular feat of magic to remove.

“On another note,” Albus continued, shifting forwards and folding his hands onto the table, “how goes the search for your Obliviated memories?”

Severus blinked, caught off guard. “Fine, Headmaster,” he answered out of instinct, then regretted it when the wizard smiled and his eyes twinkled.

“Excellent,” Albus said, smiling genially. “I should expect you to recover them within the next week, then?”

Severus swallowed a bitter taste. A dread trickled down his back and crept over his limbs.

“It may take rather longer than that, Headmaster,” Severus said slowly as Albus’s face shifted with a carefully crafted worry and disappointment. “It is a delicate matter. The most recent set of memories are particularly tightly guarded--”

“Severus, I think I’ve been quite generous, giving you plenty of time to do what you can by yourself,” Albus said firmly, regarding Severus through falsely kind eyes. “I think it is perhaps time to discuss whether this is a matter you simply cannot deal with alone.”

Severus felt his stomach knot at those words.

The taste of bile inched through his throat.

The Potions Master should have seen this coming.

He should have realized that Albus would be growing suspicious, would be seeking answers and looking to prowl freely through his spy’s mind, as he had once before, in order to uncover his secrets and upturn any signs of deceit or deception.

Severus was a powerful Occlumens. He was skilled. He knew that. He had held his guard up against the Dark Lord himself. But Albus Dumbledore was as talented a Legilimens as the Dark Lord, and it would only take one slip, one memory or emotion to break free of its moorings and destroy their plans completely.

Then, it would not only be Severus’s life and freedom on the line, but his son’s as well.

“Headmaster,” he said slowly, “I understand that you are eager to uncover the truth, but do you not think it is a rush? I do not want to have to undergo a painful and unnecessary Legilimency probe when I can very well uncover the memory myself.”

“Severus, you’ve had months,” Albus continued, sighing sadly. “It is almost June now. You’ve seen no progress towards picking the next thread of memory free. I do not see how you could have any more progress, if given more time--whether I give you a week or another six months. I realize that you find the idea of a Legilimency probe abhorrent, but I must put my foot down at some stage, my boy.”

He spoke about it as if he had a right to Severus’s memories. As if he had a right to every thought within the Potions Master’s head. As if they were not Severus’s at all, but the Headmaster’s. As if the spy’s mind itself was the property of this man… to be inspected and torn apart at will, and that any amount of privacy the Headmaster granted him was a privilege, not a right.

Severus knew from experience that his was not the only mind which the Headmaster considered to be his property.

Sometimes the similarities between Albus Dumbledore and the Dark Lord were truly chilling to consider.

“But perhaps a week is a push,” the Headmaster continued, “I understand. Saturday 6th should be sufficient. Then, if you do not succeed in your task, you will have the Sunday to recover from the probe.”

Twelve days.

A meagre twelve days to uncover what he had failed to pry free over these last six months. Twelve days to pry free a memory which he had bolted so fast that he could not find a single thread of it, past the fragment that had been revealed to him that Yule Eve.

Severus wanted to argue. He wanted to scream out in protest. To hex this man to Hades and back.

But he didn’t.

It would be suspicious. It would raise the Headmaster’s guard. It would tip him off that a plot against him might be taking place, that Severus was deliberately hiding something from him.

Still, his mind reeled with the horror of it. The horror of his mind being assaulted and battered. The horror of a single stray thought or memory slipping free of his guard.

The fear reminded him, all to vividly, of standing ahead of the Dark Lord, convinced that it would finally be his death.

Severus’s thoughts were interrupted by a chiming at the Floo and Albus momentarily tensed. “Ah,” he muttered, “well… that was rather more prompt than I expected, but I suppose…” he cleared his throat and stood, then flicked a wand to set the Floo to open.

Barely a few seconds passed before a black-robed and stern-faced Head Auror Rufus Scrimgeour stepped into the Headmaster’s office, followed by a scowling Auror with a crooked nose and fierce blue eyes which Severus found vaguely familiar… and Kingsley Shacklebolt.

Severus never thought he could ever be so relieved to see the Auror he’d once almost dueled to the death, but he felt his shoulders sink ever so slightly at the sight of the tall, broad-shouldered wizard stepping through the Floo in his spectacular maroon robes. Shacklebolt’s expression betrayed nothing of his emotions, but his gaze did flicker to Severus with a curious spark behind his dark eyes, already appearing to suspect, before even being counseled, that Severus must have a good reason for altering their plans.

“Ah, Rufus,” Albus began, pasting on a genial, albeit strained, smile, “good of you to stop by. Are you--”

“It's Auror Scrimgeour, Professor,” the Head Auror snarled. “Now, if you don’t mind, I have an investigation to be getting to. I presume that you have at least preserved the latest crime scene, since you saw fit to only inform us of the crime hours after the most recent event took place, and almost a week after the first unicorn murder.”

“Murder?” Albus balked.

“Yes, murder,” Auror Scrimgeour growled out, “a unicorn is classified as a sacred creature and therefore granted specific rights which would otherwise only be offered to a Being. I’m glad to see that you continue to maintain such an excellent grasp of our legal system, Chief Warlock. Now, the crime scene.”

Albus cleared his throat, his face becoming tight at the pointed dig at his incompetence as a Chief Warlock. “Very well,” he said slowly and with practiced calm, then looked at the Potions Master. “Severus, I assume you returned to the scene of the crime to preserve it?”

He spoke it as if he’d already given the order, but it was a clear effort to deflect the blame for having not done so. Severus, however, simply nodded in agreement.

“Of course, Headmaster,” Severus drawled, turning to the gathered Aurors, “please, follow me.”

As ever, the spy was prepared.

#

Harry knew the minute that Kingsley Shacklebolt stepped into the Great Hall at dinner. He knew because Neville suddenly choked out a cry of delight and leapt out his usual spot beside Theo to bowl over to the Auror and near-tackle him in a great hug.

Kingsley looked torn between reminding Neville that he was technically on duty or beaming and hugging his charge. He eventually made his decision when the serious-looking man beside him rolled his eyes with a wry smile and muttered something in assent. Then Kingsley reached down and wrapped Neville in a hug of his own.

Every student and staff member in the Great Hall was staring, gossiping, whispering and wondering, but Neville didn’t appear to care at all, he hugged and grinned madly up at the Auror. When Neville was finally finished hugging, he chattered and waved his hands around while Kingsley smiled fondly, a sparkle of joy in his eyes.

Harry spotted Snape inching past them, appearing uninterested as he walked towards the High Table behind the Headmaster, who seemed to be prattling jovially to the two very unimpressed Aurors beside him. One of them looked vaguely familiar, though Harry couldn’t think where from.

“So, that’s the man whose applying for Neville’s guardianship?” Pansy Parkinson asked.

Draco rolled his eyes. “Honestly, Pansy, the Head Auror just stepped into the Great Hall and you’re focussing on that!”

Harry blinked and turned back to look at the men walking up to the Head Table beside the Headmaster. There was one man with salt and pepper hair, a crooked nose and sharp blue eyes and another with a large mane of red hair that reminded Harry of a lion.

Now that Draco had mentioned the man’s position, he remembered where he’d spotted him before. “Scrimgeour, right?” He muttered. “I remember now… he led a big case a few months back. Some murderer who cursed his wife’s wedding ring to kill anyone she cheated with, right? It was all over The Prophet.”

Theo perked up slightly at that. “I remember that.”

Draco rolled his eyes at him. “Of course you do. You’re probably dying to look the curse up.”

Theo didn’t deny it.

“He doesn’t seem much of a fan of Dumbledore, does he?” Mill pointed out, watching the High Table from her seat beside Crabbe.

No. He didn’t. In fact, he had the expression of a man carefully ignoring every word that Dumbledore said. The other man, with the crooked nose, appeared to be logging it all in the hopes that it could later be used against the Headmaster.

“I think he just looks like that,” Draco said, “father says that he’s one of the most miserable sorts that he’s ever met. Though he is being tipped as the next Minister for Magic.”

“Really?” Harry blinked.

“I know. He doesn’t seem the sort, does he? I’d have thought it would be Madam Bones, but apparently she loathes politics. Father says that Scrimgeour is very good at managing Fudge, though. Fairly level headed but still has an eye on public opinion. Knows how to monitor the shifts in power and politics. Father says Scrimgeour is probably more competent than Fudge is.”

Blaise snorted. “An enchanted mirror would be more competent than Fudge.”

“Where is he, politically?” Harry asked Draco. “Dark, Light?”

Everybody at the table already had an idea of what he really meant.

Draco pursed his lips, then shrugged. “The Grey end of the Light spectrum,” he said, catching Harry’s eye. “He’s not as spineless as Fudge, which means he’s less likely to bow to certain methods of persuasion, but he’s not as militant about Light politics as some sorts would be.”

In other words, not an active problem, but not someone that you wanted to wind up on the bad side of… and certainly not someone who they ever wanted to suspect Harry of getting involved in the Old Holidays.

Harry nodded, then he turned as he spotted Neville dragging Kingsley over to the Slytherin table to introduce him to everyone.

Every snake at the table straightened and pasted on the most professional smile they could, their political training kicking in like clockwork as they readied to suck up to the Auror.

Harry bit his lip to keep from cackling at them outright.

“Hey, everyone!” Neville said with a beaming grin. “You don’t mind if Kingsley joins us, do you?”

“Of course not, Nev,” Draco smoothly replied, having never referred to Neville by a nickname before in his entire life and largely considering nicknames to be ‘plebian’. “Please, do join us, Auror Shacklebolt.”

“Yes, we’d be delighted!” Pansy beamed innocently.

#

Kingsley Shacklebolt arrived at Severus’s door that evening appearing utterly exhausted and wrung dry.

“I see you survived the interrogation,” Severus drawled.

The Auror regarded the smirking Potions Master wearily. “Just about,” he murmured, rubbing his eyes. “I’ve recently come to conclude that there’s a great deal of difference between evading questions from Slytherins at a Ministry Ball and being trapped and surrounded by them on all sides. I have renewed respect for you, Severus.”

Severus’s smirk twitched a little with the urge to genuinely smile. “I’m glad to have my suffering properly appreciated.”

Kingsley laughed, stepping inside at Severus’s indication and waiting inside the closed door while the Potions Master set several dozen privacy spells upon the room. “I believe they were actually competing to see who could glean the most confidential information out of me on the case. I half expect the conversation to end up somewhere in The Daily Prophet.”

“Don’t be absurd,” Severus drawled, “where’s the gratification in uncovering someone’s secrets if you’re only going to shout them at the world? That’s blatantly a Gryffindor tactic. We Slytherins primarily collect others’ secrets for the purposes of blackmail.”

“Ah, I see. I feel immensely comforted, Severus. Thank you.”

When Severus had cast the last of the privacy wards, he let his shoulders drop and breathed out a long, shuddering exhale.

Hours upon hours of keeping up masks. Of lies upon lies and Occluding his thoughts and fears and plots to the back of his mind. It was almost nostalgic.

Severus rubbed a hand down his face and tucked his wand into his holster.

“How bad is it?” Kingsley asked, after he’d let the silence linger.

Severus swallowed and turned, eyeing him a moment before he approached the cabinet where he kept the only bottle of alcohol he allowed himself to hold onto. A Scotch whisky, courtesy of Minerva that she’d gifted him one Christmas. The note had read: ‘For emergencies’. It certainly felt as if this qualified as one.

He poured two glasses and handed one to Kingsley.

The Auror took it without argument. Without a single mention of being ‘on duty’. Then he clinked his glass against Severus’s and they downed the liquid in unison.

Then they took their seats in a pair of armchairs beside the fire and Severus told him everything: The conversation he overheard between Albus and Quirinus. The night in the Forest. Finding the unicorn. Feeling the burn of his Dark Mark.

Severus’s tone was dry and clinical. As empty and hollowed out as he felt. He did not dare look at the Auror as he spoke. He stared into the fire instead, watching the flames dance inside the grate.

When he was finished, he felt the silence burn like that fire.

“You’re sure?” Kingsley rasped. “You’re sure it was… him.”

“Positive,” Severus replied, swallowing hard. “Weak. Struggling to inch out some manner of life, but… he still exists.”

“And he’s searching for a way to return to power.”

Severus nodded.

Kingsley hesitated for a moment, then said, “You told Rufus that you didn’t find the body until after the killer had fled.”

Severus swallowed hard. “I realize that might have been a… a mistake. But the alternative was to tell him what happened there when I did find him, and why I fled... and to do so in the presence of the Headmaster.”

“No, you were right to lie,” Kingsley admitted. Out of the corner of his eye, Severus could see him tap the arm of the chair. “It’s too soon. You would have sounded mad and Albus would have used it against you. Beside that, even if they did believe you, it would have deflected the conversation away from other matters too soon. We need to build a case first.”

“Yes,” Severus sighed, rubbing his eyes. “Yes. The case. You’re right…”

“Does Albus know that you found the body while the killer was still there?”

“No,” Severus muttered. “Though I’m sure he’s already blatantly aware of who lurks within this school… in fact, I’m convinced that he orchestrated to bring him here.”

The impotent fury burned inside Severus’s throat.

And the fear.

The terror at the knowledge that the creature which nearly murdered his son was so close. Was walking within these halls and plotting to return to power so that he might terrorize the world once more.

“I’ll protect you if it comes to light,” Shacklebolt said, “though I think that the fact you forced Albus’s hand in bringing us here, and aided us in our investigation, would work in your favor.”

Severus snorted. “Forgive me if I am hesitant to put all my faith in a fair and measured judgement of my actions by the authorities, given how many men and women with a similar mark on their arm have died within a cell in Azkaban before anyone saw fit to grant them a trial.”

There was a pause. “I wont allow that to happen,” Kingsley told him. Firm and unwavering.

Severus swallowed hard. The fire in the grate burned a shadow into his eyes as he hoped he could trust the Auror at his word. The spy had known so few people in his life who could.

“There’s something else troubling you,” Kingsley observed.

“It’s nothing.”

“If it were nothing then you would not look as if your world was collapsing around you.”

Severus grimaced. “It’s nothing you need concern yourself with.”

The Auror paused. “Perhaps not… but you should tell me anyway.”

Severus choked a pained laugh. “Is that so?” He sneered, glaring over at the Auror and catching his dark eyes.

The Auror looked larger when he was settled into Severus’s tiny personal quarters. Despite his Auror garb, Severus could see from the way the robes fell that the wizard had a physical power and raw strength that few wizards bothered to hone. The physique of a man who would fight as skillfully with his fists as he could with a wand.

Kingsley Shacklebolt settled casually into his seat, slumped and tired, but still gave off the strangest feeling of towering over Severus. Dominating the room without appearing to try.

“Yes,” Kingsley said quietly, watching Severus with a firm sort of kindness. “You should. You should tell me anyway, because there is no sense building allies if you only plan to continue to work alone, trusting nobody but yourself.”

The comment made Severus think of Albus.

Of the Chess Master in the tower, moving people around like pieces but never considering them equal. Never considering them competent or worthy enough for the truth. Treating them all as a means to an end, and growing more callous as time moved on.

Justifying his every move as 'for the greater good'.

And yet, for all Albus’s plotting and scheming, the Light had been only a few steps from losing the war with the Dark Lord when a baby had miraculously saved them all.

For all Albus’s posturing as the Leader of the Light. For all that people held him up as a victor, he’d been leading them towards failure, until Harry had vanquished the Dark Lord… until Lily had vanquished the Dark Lord.

How much of it could have been avoided if only Albus had trusted people to be more than mere tools.

Severus turned away again, staring back to the fire as his throat ached with the urge to close up.

What did he really have to lose by sharing the truth? He was days from having to either submit himself to Albus’s mercy and hope that he managed to survive the probe or finding some miracle to distract him.

The least he could do was forewarn the Auror of the possible consequences it could have.

Severus cleared his throat. “Albus has… has given me deadline for a task which I have been failing at miserably for months. For all that I might try, I know that I cannot succeed within the deadline he set, and so does he.”

There was a silence, then, “I take it that there will be consequences for your failure?”

The spy rasped a pained laugh. “Oh yes,” he breathed. “And it could bury me. Ruin everything… and yet I don’t see a way out unless our plan succeeds far beyond my most unrealistic hopes and long-buried desires.”

Severus closed his eyes and rubbed a hand over his face, wishing dearly for another glass of whisky. “I’ve tried everything. I thought that the task would be easy… I had a starting point, a place to begin and I knew what I was up against. I’ve done it before, but this time around it seems that I’m… I’m outmatched. The walls around the memory are too thick to break through. To the point that I almost fear that if the Headmaster does succeed in his task, he will tear by mind apart in the process.”

There was a sudden thickness to the silence. “A memory?” The Auror said. “You’re searching for an Obliviated memory?”

Severus huffed a laugh. “Not searching,” he breathed, “that would imply I do not know where it is. I know exactly where it is. What point in my mind conceals it and what date and location it took place. I know that much but I set a fucking Occlumency ward around the damned thing that would outmatch Gringotts and I cannot break through. And unless I can procure some manner of miracle before --”

The oddest sound burst from the Auror to Severus’s right.

A cold rage and confusion settled over Severus as he turned his head and looked at the wizard beside him, to see him… laughing.

Severus was considering how best to torture the bastard when the Auror spoke. “I’m sorry,” the wizard choked out, “I just… I believe that Fate may have already orchestrated that miracle for you.”

Severus hesitated. “Excuse me?”

The Auror was still smiling when he looked over at Severus, his eyes sparkling with something almost child-like. “Do you remember what I told you about my family, when we first spoke?”

Severus frowned and tried to recall. He remembered the Auror mentioning that his sister was a Squib, that his niece had inherited magic, and the family gift… they were a family of Seers.

No. Not simply Seers.

What had the man said, specifically? That they had a talent for…

Retrocognition.

Severus felt his blood run cold as the dots connected. As he came to the absurd realization that he had somehow, by some near-impossible minuscule happenstance, allied himself with a man from the only family in Britain who specialized in Seeing and uncovering the forgotten past.

Kingsley Shacklebolt’s eyes gleamed with a strange sort of elation. “Severus, I do believe that it’s time that I introduced you to my father.”

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone!

    I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Thanks again for all the incredible support you've given me--all your comments and kudos and to every single one of you who subscribes and keeps reading through my rambling with every new update. I can't tell you how much it means to me.

    The next chapter will be updated on Friday the 21st of October.

    Stay brilliant!

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Chapter 52
Summary:

    NEWS!! Abandoned and Discontinued.

    To everyone who read this far, I want to give you an incredible thank you. I appreciate so much that this story became so appreciated by so many readers. Your support made this project worthwhile and really helped me during a dark time in my life. I want you to know that, though I am terrible at replying to comments, I do read and have read every single one of them. They light me up and I will always appreciate that support.

    Despite how much I love this project, I am afraid that I have not been able to finish it. Though I was really hoping to, that might not be in the cards. I started this project when I was struggling with a lot and I gained so much out of sharing it with others. However, I've had to put a (semi)permanent pause in order to move forwards with and focus on my non-fan-fiction work.

    Though I won't be able to tie up all the loose ends I wanted to, I hope that I've been able to leave things at a somewhat satisfying stop. I hope that I get a chance to come back to this one day, but in case I don't, thank you for all your support.

    Wishing every one of you all the best and my sincerest thanks for everything.

    Love,
    Bellabix
    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Neville and Kingsley must have agreed to meet up early on Saturday for a quiet breakfast together, because the first time Harry and Theo saw them that morning was when the Gryffindor and the Auror stepped into McGonagall’s office, side by side.

The Aurors, Kingsley and Robards in particular, had been staying at Hogwarts until the unicorn killer investigation was finished and the culprit caught.

It said a lot about the political climate that the Ministry was willing to permanently dedicate two investigators to the case, even when Headmaster Dumbledore assured them that it was ‘not necessary’.

The school was already alive with gossip about the Aurors. Ron Weasley had certainly not been shy about sharing the details of his daring escapade in the Forbidden Forest. Before long, everyone in the school knew that the Aurors were here to search for a unicorn killer and half of them seemed to believe that Harry and Draco had been captured by said unicorn killing maniac and nearly murdered before Professor Snape came charging in to save the day.

Blaise had been keeping them up-to-date on all the best gossip across the other houses that morning, “I heard they’ve been interviewing the students as well as the staff,” he’d explained on Friday night. He always managed to get the best gossip from in school before anyone else in Slytherin. “They’re asking about certain 'unusual events' that have occurred this year. You know questions about … trolls, cursed bludgers…”

Harry kept his face straight as he'd listened, tried his best to Occlude the hope away, because he couldn’t afford to become complacent.

There was still time for everything to fall apart.

Still… he couldn’t crush the embers of hope that burned inside his chest.

Neville’s spine was straight and his chin up as he walked into McGonagall’s office, but Harry could see the tenseness in his jaw and the faint shiver in his hands. Kingsley kept a hand on Neville’s back as they walked into the room. A solid presence to keep the young wizard grounded.

Professor McGonagall smiled kindly at Neville. “You look very smart, Mr Longbottom. New school robes?”

Neville smiled nervously and brushed his hand down them. He looked completely different with his own robes on. No longer stuffed into his father’s school clothes as they clung tight to him like a skin that would never fit.

At some point since yesterday, someone had given Neville a haircut as well. Forcing the Gryffindor’s floppy blonde hair out of his eyes and framing his face properly.

“Y-yeah,” Neville whispered. “Kingsley got them for me.”

McGonagall nodded in approval. “An excellent idea,” she said, then cleared her throat. “I want to remind you that… I want to make certain you’re aware that this meeting is your choice, your decision, and you do not owe it to anyone to continue with it if you do not wish to. If, at any point, you wish to walk away, we will. I may not… I may not be permitted to speak on your behalf once the meeting begins… but the moment you tell me you wish to leave, I will step in and bring you back to Hogwarts. Be assured of that. Simply tell me, and I will inform the goblins to end the meeting there.”

Neville swallowed hard. “O-okay,” he muttered. “Thanks, Professor.”

Harry knew he wouldn’t though.

He’d sit through whatever abuse his grandmother or Great Uncle Algie lobbed at him, because he wanted so desperately to avoid the alternative.

Because it was either this… or basically having Neville’s Gran institutionalized.

Harry knew that they had enough evidence to suggest she was unfit and unstable. She probably wasn’t even well enough to properly take care of herself, let alone a child… but Harry knew that Neville would hate himself for having any part of that.

He’d hate himself for sticking her in a hospital… the way that she’d been forced to do to her own son and daughter-in-law.

Neville would do it though, if he had to. Harry knew that as well.

A few months ago, Harry didn’t think that Neville would have been able to, but now the Gryffindor seemed to be a different wizard entirely. More certain of himself. More confident. More certain of what he deserved and what he didn’t. Now, Harry was sure that if Augusta Longbottom walked out of that room without signing over guardianship, she’d quickly come to regret it… but Harry still hoped that it didn’t come to that. He didn’t want that burden to hang over his friend’s conscience.

The day before, Harry, Theo and Neville had found a quiet spot together in an empty classroom and went over Neville’s statement, preparing for the meeting with his Gran. He stuttered his way through some of it, occasionally stopping to go over the meditation techniques he’d learned with Madam Pomfrey.

Neville practiced until even Harry could probably recite the statement from memory.

Even though this terrified him… even though he was petrified of stepping into a room with his Gran and Great Uncle Algie and listening to their vitriol… he was still determined to do it, because it was either this or the last resort.

Kingsley turned to Neville, squeezing his shoulder and smiling down at him. “You can do this,” he whispered. “Remember what I said.”

Neville smiled tearfully in reply and then burst forwards and gripped the Auror in a desperate hug, sniffing into Kingsley’s robes while the tall wizard leaned down and returned the embrace.

When Neville was finally ready, he drew back, wiping his eyes and taking a deep, steadying breath. He swallowed hard and turned to McGonagall, chin lifted. “I… I’m ready.”

McGonagall’s eyes glistened slightly as she nodded.

She went through the Floo first, with Neville beside her. Harry and Theo followed behind, arriving in some posh back-room of Gringotts with gold and black marble on the floor and a goblin waiting for them, wearing a tailored suit as they gazed at a golden pocketwatch in their hand.

“Right on time,” the goblin said, turning to Neville. “The Lady Regent Augusta Longbottom and her brother, Mr Algernon Crouch, have just arrived as well.”

Neville sucked in a sharp breath and then became very pale. The shiver in his hands returned.

The goblin eyed the Gryffindor in the silence that followed. “If you wish to skip this step and move straight to our back-up strategy, Mr Longbottom, I am prepared to put a stop to the meeting at any time.”

“N-no, I…” Neville swallowed, “I just need… I need a moment to…”

“Very well,” the goblin said, “take your time.”

Neville took a deep breath as he stood by the Floo, as if preparing himself for a quick escape.

Harry wanted to step in. To assure his friend that everything would be okay. To tell him not to worry, but… but of course he had a reason to worry.

Neville was stepping into a room with his abuser. He was supposed to sit opposite the man who’d thrown him from a window and nearly drowned him by shoving him off a pier.

There was a huge possibility that this was going to be a horrific, scarring experience… and a pointless one at that.

If it were Harry in Neville’s shoes, he couldn’t do it. He wouldn’t have the nerve. He’d just go for the final option and walk away.

“Nev,” Harry choked out, clearing his throat as his friend looked up at him with glistening eyes, “I… I know that you don’t always agree, I know that your Gran and Algie wouldn’t, but…” he said, smiling awkwardly over at his friend, “… but there’s a reason you’re in Gryffindor. There’s a reason that the Hat put you there. You’re tougher than you think, and… and I know that this scares the hell out of you, but that doesn’t make you any less brave… because the fact is that… that you’re doing it anyway. Even though it scares you stiff, you still want to do it, and… and that’s the reason… that’s the reason you’re a lion, Neville. So just… remember that, yeah?”

Harry swallowed hard as Neville stared over at him with wide, tear-soaked eyes, then the Gryffindor launched across the gap between them and grabbed Harry into a choking hug, sobbing and holding on tight while Harry did an awkward impression of someone who knew how to hug properly.

Neville pulled back after a moment, with tears in his eyes and a grateful smile upon his lips.

“Thank you,” he whispered, sniffing and wiping the wetness away and turning to the goblin. “I’m ready.”

#

If Harry hadn’t already loathed Neville’s Great Uncle Algie with a fiery passion, he would have come to hate him fairly quickly when, upon their entering the meeting room, the grey-haired wizard jumped to his feet, his eyes bulging dangerously and his his white moustache twitching with fury and then bellowed at them.

“WHO THE HELL IS THIS?!”

McGonagall’s mouth pressed tightly into a line. “Mr Longbottom, just like Lady Regent Longbottom, was permitted to bring his friends along as support —”

“Slytherins?!” The wizard sneered from the other side of the large oak table, standing alongside his sister, Augusta Longbottom née Crouch, as the dowager sat with her back straight and reddened eyes facing determinedly at an ornate clock sitting on the opposite wall.

Never once glancing over at her grandson.

Never once acknowledging that Neville had even entered the room.

Algie narrowed his eyes at Harry and Theo, and Neville flinched and went very still between them. “We want them GONE! Merlin only knows who their parents are! Get them out of my sight!”

“Mr Crouch,” the goblin cut in, “you have no say over who Mr Longbottom permits to attend this meeting with him. Just as Mr Longbottom had no say over who the Lady Regent chose to attend with her.”

Algie narrowed his eyes at the goblin, gnashing his teeth. He had the sort of energy that took up a whole room. The way that Harry’s Uncle Vernon did. Even though Algernon Crouch was nowhere near as physically imposing as Vernon Dursley was, he had the same booming voice. The same aggressive, puffed up sense of authority and entitlement.

Algie was the same sort of man as Vernon Dursley. The type who had learned that if he yelled loud enough, he would eventually get his way. This was the sort of man who’d been taught to bang tables and bellow and intimidate until others did as he said.

This was a man who’d always been a bully.

The way that Vernon Dursley had always been a bully.

The way that Dudley had been raised to be a bully.

Harry felt himself unconsciously step closer to Neville, standing just ahead of him, as if to shield him from whatever hate and bile this bastard sent his way. Out the corner of his eye, Harry spotted Theo doing the same.

“This is outrageous!” Algie bellowed, his face turning red as Harry felt Neville shrink behind them. “After all that poor Gussy has been suffering through because of this ungrateful, pathetic excuse for —”

“Mr Crouch,” the goblin cut in, “either sit down and allow me to begin the meeting or leave. You do not have the authority to command this meeting.”

Algie appeared murderous. His lips tightened and his eyes bulged impossibly wider. His handlebar mustache twitched with a sneer but after a moment of impotent fury, he glanced at his impassive sister, who sat unmoving in the seat to his right, and reluctantly he took his seat.

There was a silence, thick and unbearable. The goblin turned to Neville. “Mr Longbottom, if you would like to continue, please take your seat.”

Neville looked pale as a specter. His hands were shivering and his gaze downcast. He looked as if he were considering bolting right out the door again, but he simply closed his eyes, breathed in and out again, and took his first step down the right-hand side of the table.

Neville walked slowly, head held high even though he appeared terrified. He hesitated as he stopped in the middle seat, opposite his Gran, but then pulled the seat out and lowered himself opposite.

Harry and Theo walked behind him. Theo sat at Neville’s left side, Harry sat at his right, the Goblin took the seat at the head of the table and McGonagall stood by the door, in plain view of everyone, glowering at the two figures sitting opposite her lion.

Augusta Longbottom still refused to look at her grandson.

Her gaze was fastened on the clock behind his head, watching the second hand tick… tick… tick… in the overwhelming silence.

Harry could see Neville’s hands grip tightly into fists under the the table. His gaze fastened on a spot on the table, not daring to look up and see his Great Uncle Algie glare at him accusingly… and his Gran stare past him as if he didn’t exist.

Harry’s gut swooped with dread at the sight of it.

He wanted to grab his friend and pull him from the room. He wanted to yell at the witch across from him that she was an idiot for not seeing how incredible Neville was. He wanted to spit in Algernon fucking Crouch’s face and wish him a swift trip to Hades.

But he couldn’t.

Because Harry wasn’t here to fight Neville’s battles.

He just hoped that Neville was ready to fight this battle for himself.

“If we’re all settled, then let us begin,” the goblin said, pulling a set of papers free of a briefcase. “Lady Regent Augusta Longbottom has provisionally agreed to sign over custody of her grandson, Neville Longbottom, upon the following conditions being met. The first, Mr Longbottom himself must formally request that Lady Regent Longbottom give up his custody and sign said custody over to Kingsley Shacklebolt. The second, Mr Longbottom must make this statement in person, in the presence of Lady Regent Longbottom. Thirdly, Lady Regent Longbottom will be allowed to live out her life in Longbottom Manor, and will be provided the funds necessary to maintain the estate, alongside the pension fund which Lord Longbottom bequeathed to her in his Will. Fourthly, Mr Longbottom must return to Lady Regent Longbottom the spruce and unicorn hair wand previously owned by one Frank Longbottom.”

Harry jolted, eyes widening in shock and nearly interrupting the goblin before he managed to get himself under control.

Neville’s father’s wand.

She wanted Neville’s father’s wand back.

The wand that she’d forced on Neville, even though it was never going to accept him. The wand she’d made Neville believe he should be grateful to carry. The wand that Ollivander told them would be dangerous for someone as nervous as Neville to used.

And… from the way the lack of reaction from the Gryffindor, Harry could tell that Neville had already been told about this condition and agreed to it. Agreed to give up a connection to his father, to appease this witch who refused to see him as anything less than a failed version of Frank Longbottom.

Harry’s chest burned with the indignity of it.

On the other side of Neville, Harry spotted one of Theo’s hands gripping over his wand. Desperate to fling a hex, though he’d assured Neville he wouldn’t, in case it had Harry and Theo barred from the meeting altogether.

“Are those conditions agreed by both parties?” The goblin asked.

Neville nodded. Head still bowed. “Yes, sir,” he muttered.

Augusta continued staring at the clock. She didn’t move a muscle.

“Lady Regent Longbottom,” the goblin said. “I will need confirmation before we continue. Do you still agree to those conditions?”

Harry listened to the clock.

Tick… tick… tick…

Stiffly, Augusta Longbottom gave one terse nod.

The goblin paused for a moment. “Lady Regent Longbottom, I will require verbal confirmation. Do you agree to these conditions?”

The dowager’s jaw tensed and she sniffed once, nose lifting higher.

“Yes. Fine.”

The goblin nodded, satisfied and set down the parchment with a quill and pot of ink resting beside it, ready for the dowager to sign.

Algie glared at the paperwork in utter disgust, then turned the same look over towards Neville.

It struck Harry, with a cold sort of horror, that Neville had actually been raised by these callous bastards. For some reason, even though Harry was vividly familiar with the fact that not everyone who raised a child had to love or even likethem, Harry couldn’t help but be absolutely bowled over by the thought of someone raising a boy as kind and generous and brilliant as Neville, and never once appreciating him.

The idea of someone spending every day with Harry’s friend and then throwing him out a window and pushing him off a pier and hexing him and humiliating him and sitting opposite him at a table and looking at him as if he was scum on their shoe…

The only way they could do that is if they were too insane, too deranged, too self-absorbed and hateful to see what was right in front of their face… because Neville Longbottom was better than either of these bastards deserved.

“Mr Longbottom,” the goblin said, turning to the Gryffindor, “please begin in your own time. The rest of the room will now be asked to hold their silence until his statement is complete.”

Tick… tick… tick…

Harry could hear Neville’s jagged breaths and see his hands grip onto his knees. He could see, out the corner of his eye, his friend’s pale face and tense jaw.

A panic and pity thrummed through Harry’s chest for a moment, as he wondered if Neville could do this.

On Neville’s other side, Theo tentatively reached over and put his hand on Neville’s. Neither of them looked at one another, but Harry watched as they laced their fingers together and clutched tight.

Across the table, Algie scoffed. “I knew it,” he sneered. “He can't do it. Pathetic.”

“Mr Crouch,” the goblin said, “you are not permitted to speak until Mr Longbottom is finished.”

Algie scoffed again. “We’ll be here ‘til we die, then. That boy hasn’t even an inch of the spine Frank had.”

Neville’s eyes shut tight and he drew in a deep breath.

In and out.

Remembering his meditation lessons.

“G-gran,” he choked, barely a whisper as he began, “I l-love you and —“

“For Merlin’s sake, boy, SPEAK UP!” Algie barked.

“Mr Crouch,” the goblin growled. “Silence.”

“We can’t very well be forced to put up with all his dratted muttering,” Algie said, glowering at his great nephew as Augusta sat impassively beside him, staring at the clock as if her brother’s behavior was nothing of consequence. “LOUDER, BOY!”

“G-g-ran,” Neville began again, a little louder, but as he opened his mouth to continue, Algie cut in again.

“Stop that stuttering!” Algie barked. “Where’s your damned spine! Your father could fight off three Death Eaters at once and you can’t even get a damned word out without bungling it!”

“Mr Crouch!” The goblin snarled, teeth bared. “You will silence or you will leave!”

“I WILL SAY WHAT I DAMNED WELL PLEASE!” Algie burst, jumping to his feet and whirling on Neville. “Well, boy! OUT WITH IT! If you’re going to abandon your grandmother, break her heart, be quick about it at least, you spineless, USELESS BOY!”

“MR CROUCH!”

McGonagall stepped away from the door, hand wrapped around her wand. “Ye will cease bellowing at my student this very minute or —”

“Out with it!” Algie growled, banging his fist on the table.

Neville flinched.

His breathing was hard and fast.

The goblin stood, appearing about ready to either throw the wizard out the room or gut him. Professor McGonagall had her hand clutched tightly around her wand and a burning fury in her eyes, looking as if she could easily cast some very illegal spells and not feel an ounce of remorse for it.

Harry felt much the same.

He wanted to destroy this man. He wanted to step in and drag Neville from the room while these adults bickered and yelled. He wanted to spit in this wizard’s face, but he and Theo had given Neville their word they wouldn’t interfere. He just wanted them to be there. By his side.

Algernon Crouch’s face was burning absurdly red behind his grey mustache. His eyes bulging madly as he towered over an eleven year old boy. He banged his hand on the table once more, as the chaos and noise in the room rose to a cacophony.

“OUT WITH IT, BOY!” Neville’s Great Uncle Algie spat, snarling like the bully he was. “OUT WITH IT YOU USELESS DAMNED SQUIB! SPEAK UP FOR ONCE IN YOUR—”

“STUPEFY!”

Algernon Crouch’s body hit the table with an almighty thunk.

The din fell to silence, until all that could be heard was the sound of hard breaths and the clock’s steady tick… tick… tick…

Everyone’s eyes fell upon the wand raised on the right-hand side of the room.

A wand of cedar and dragon heartstring.

Theo’s words, all those months ago, rattled in Harry’s head as he watched Neville hold a wand aloft, face red and breathing heavily as he stared in horror at the man laying unconscious across the table.

“Never cross a cedar carrier, or anyone they care about.”

“NEVILLE!”

Harry looked over to see Augusta Longbottom gaping at her unconscious brother, bewildered and utterly perplexed. Apparently Neville had finally gotten his grandmother’s attention.

Neville lowered his wand and cleared his throat, keeping his chin up and his back straight even though Harry could see his wand hand shivering.

Neville kept his eyes closed for a few moments, still clutching hold of Theo’s hand and taking three calming breaths, in and out.

Then, Neville looked at his grandmother.

“Gran,” he began once again, his voice steady and his eyes shining as Augusta Longbottom’s gaze finally fell on him. “I love you… and I always will. I used to dream of making you p-proud… I still do… but I d-don’t think… I don’t think that there’s any way for me to do that… because the one thing you want from me… I can’t ever give you.”

Augusta Longbottom’s eyes began to water. Her hand clutched towards her heart.

Neville closed his eyes and breathed again, then continued. “I’m not dad… I can’t ever be dad… and I sh-shouldn’t…” he choked and cut himself off, then took another breath and went on, “I shouldn’t have had to be… you should have loved me no matter what.”

Augusta made a strangled noise and closed her eyes, but she didn’t speak.

“I know… I know that what happened to dad… that it really hurt you… and that you miss him every day. I miss him too. But you’re… you’re not well, Gran. You’ve not been well since he… since he was hurt. You’re… you’re not well enough to look after me… and I… I deserve a…” Neville swallowed, then opened his eyes again, straightening and looking at his grandmother as she gazed back at him. “I d-deserve a guardian who can love me for who I am, not someone they wish I could be.”

Harry felt a weight lift from the room.

The clock ticked behind them and Harry saw the sagging of Neville’s shoulder as the Gryffindor exhaled in relief.

Slowly, Neville stowed his wand into his holster and reached into his pocket, drawing out another wand.

Spruce and unicorn hair.

Tears rolled down Augusta Longbottom’s eyes as she spotted it. A shaking hand reached forward for it across the table.

Neville set it in his grandmother’s hands, but hesitated before he let it go.

“Let…” Neville paused, “let dad hold it sometimes,” he asked, blinking away tears of his own. “I… I think it misses him.”

Augusta Longbottom’s face crumpled with silent tears as she nodded. When Neville let the wand go, she pulled it away and cradled it to her chest.

When Neville’s hand sank back to his lap, it fell upon the laced into Theo’s. Clutching onto the Slytherin like he was a lifeline.

Harry had believed that it was for comfort, but on second thought maybe Neville had been keeping hold of Theo’s wand hand to ensure that his best friend didn’t hex anyone half-way to St Mungo’s.

The goblin flicked a finger and sent the papers, quill and inkwell careening around Algie’s unconscious body until it rested ahead of the dowager. She stared at them with streaming eyes, her lip quivering. “N-no, I… I can’t… I —”

The goblin looked as if they were about to snap something threatening, but Neville cut in before they got the chance. “Gran,” he said softly, staring at her pleadingly. “Please.”

The Augusta Longbottom who sat across from Harry now seemed half the size of the woman who’d stared past Neville like he was not worthy of her attention. It was only then, as she reached a shivering hand over to the inkwell and signed the papers, that Harry finally saw what Neville saw. A sick old woman who’d lost the son she loved… and then never recovered.

She didn't react when the goblin called the meeting to a close, or look up when Neville, Theo and Harry got to their feet.

Neville stood for a moment, waiting to see if she’d acknowledge him, but she seemed deflated as she stared down at her son’s wand. “Bye Gran,” he whispered, swallowing hard, “please take care of yourself.”

As they walked out the door and into the long corridor back to the Floo, it took Harry a moment to realize that Neville still hadn’t let go of Theo’s hand.

* * *
Notes:

    Hello everyone,

    Hope you enjoyed the chapter. I'm not going to lie, that one really took it out of me.

    I know that most of you will have noticed the change I made to Algie's name and relationship to Augusta. According to the Potter Wiki, Algie is technically supposed to be a Longbottom, the brother to Frank's father, but I decided to change it because:
    a) I've always personally considered Algie to be Augusta's brother rather than a brother-in-law, as I don't imagine her excusing his hideous behavior towards Neville otherwise,
    b) it suits my plot better, since having Algie be next in line to the Lord Longbottom title would mess up the works rather a bit.

    As for why I decided to make Algie's last name and Augusta's maiden name 'Crouch', that was mostly of a matter of me going with my gut. I could have chosen another name from the Sacred Twenty-Eight, but for me this just fit the story in this horribly grim way... that Bartemius Crouch Jr was Frank Longbottom's cousin or second cousin, and that's why he was able to get Frank's guard down. It felt like it would be more of a gut-punch to Augusta, to have her own blood betray her like that. Also, I couldn't shake the image of Algie looking like an older, grayer Barty Crouch Sr. -- a bully and an abuser with a dominating presence and a terrible, terrible mustache.

    Anyway, I hope you don't hate the change.

    * * *

    All my love,

    Bellabix

    ❤️ ❤️ ❤️

Series this work belongs to:

    Part 1 of Aethelind's Legacy

Works inspired by this one:

    Harry Potter and the Fairy Godmother by beanclip

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Bookmark Comments (4092) 

Kudos

HighProbability, SunsetBirdie, nottheprettyone, Badhbh, A_Nest_of_Nargles, Brenna_97, throneof_glass, invisible_emmy, cadence_mchugh, Sulilyreads, AmarieElidor, ale_nm, roseyjl, KittyInTheTARDIS, myway122333, Always_Denial, ghostleaf23, PuRgE_bItCh, Maria_Gay, MaddieGriffin7, SpottedLeaf74, Frogfrogduck, daisyjohnson174, NicoleDMark00, AliceSun62442, devilbitches, Grumpy_Cat1221, Sleepiestpup, BRose87, Esmeray_Ebony, PepperedDragon, lazycloud, helen3515, HS6G38D5IDWI, k3tziah, Solder_god, ImagineUmagine, Epilepsychick, Anyny, rampantrae, 101FandomsToRead, jadoreyeager, TheMaraudersOfficial, LuvsDaSparkles, Featherfall, Portias_Nest, antheawakenshaw, without_a_box, Poppy_Sullen, Sworn11, and 10889 more users as well as 6223 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment
Comment as fictionfruit

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    Customize
        Default
        Low Vision Default
        Reversi
        Snow Blue
    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.412.4
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

