

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: austen words:10000-50000 sort:title 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Share 

    Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Explicit 

Archive Warning:

        No Archive Warnings Apply 

Categories:

        GenM/M 

Fandom:

        Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling 

Relationships:

        Harry Potter & Severus SnapeSeverus Snape/Voldemort 

Characters:

        Harry PotterSeverus SnapeTom Riddle | Voldemort 

Additional Tags:

        Severitus | Severus Snape is Harry Potter's Parentbut not biologicallySeverus Snape Adopts Harry PotterMorally Grey Harry PotterMorally Grey Severus SnapeMentor Severus SnapeExplicit Sexual ContentHarry Potter & Ron Weasley FriendshipHermione Granger & Harry Potter FriendshipDraco Malfoy & Harry Potter Friendship 

Language:
    English 
Collections:
    Ongoing fic, My Collection, Harry Potter, Alt HP, Fics that fuelled my HP obsession, Imma read it again, Harry Potter fics, Harry Potter Sauce, Absolute Favorites, Bluemaige Reread Again and Again, Cast pearls before swine, Mis favoritos (MinieTatakae), This right here is top tier shit, Fics LunaK does not want to lose track of, konokure's all time best, Re-read a thousand times, Sunyshine's list of masterpieces, The Best Harry Potter Fanfictions, long fic to binge-read, rel'isé, Harry Potter Rereads, Harry Potter ones I liked, sevvy_harry, Lilyofthevalley77’s_fav_harrypotter_fics, Harry_Potter_universe_bl_fics, THE 🎵 UBIQ 🦋 ☠ THE 🎭 UNIQUE 🌹, Harry Potter and The Fandom (夢), E is for Epic, Fuck jkr this is my canon, Lilranko Interesting Read List, Sev is a good parent, Catjar's Bedtime Stories, the reasons why my laptop constantly lags 
Stats:

    Published:
        2021-08-03
    Completed:
        2022-12-25
    Words:
        148,498
    Chapters:
        58/58
    Comments:
        3,406
    Kudos:
        11,493
    Bookmarks:
        3,033
    Hits:
        386,820

An Inconvenient Path
yletylyf
Summary:

    When Harry Potter's Hogwarts letter raises red flags for Severus Snape, he delivers the letter instead of letting Dumbledore handle it. Severus does not see a miniature James Potter when he encounters the scrawny child, drowning in clothes that don't fit and holding himself carefully away from his aunt like she might strike him at any moment. Severus is reminded only of himself.

    Severus's choice to rescue Harry might damn him when Voldemort returns, or it might change everything.

Notes:

    Regarding the pairing tag and the rating - there is zero romance and nothing explicit for 30 chapters. It's strictly mentorship-style Severus and Harry until then.

    I do want to stress that this classic "Snape adopts Harry" fic eventually does become a Severus/Voldemort romance with very explicit sex/smut. Romance will not be a focus for Harry, although there will be some minor stuff with different characters.

    Edited on 12/9/2023 for typos and minor continuity fixes.

Chapter 1: A Letter and a Rescue
Chapter Text

As everyone knows, in a dusty tower in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the Book of Admission and the Quill of Acceptance generate the names and birthdates of magical children who live in Britain. In mid-July, the Deputy Headmaster or Headmistress visits the Book to cross-reference the list of names with the official Ministry registries to compose letters for students who will be eleven years old as of September 1. Children from known wizarding families are therefore automatically sent letters via owl over the course of the next week.

The Heads of Houses then sit down and manually look through the remaining pile of letters. If they know of the wizarding family in question, but the letter didn't match with the registry for whatever reason, they send the letter off via owl. The remaining letters are divided up, and each Head selects two or three to make house calls for the Muggle-borns, depending on the number of letters generated that year.

In July of 1991, there are eleven letters in the pile that Deputy Headmistress Minerva McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor House, places on the table during the meeting about letters for Muggle-borns.

In another universe, McGonagall picks up the letter on top of the pile. It is a letter addressed to Harry Potter, and that is all she notices before she quickly sets it aside, too quickly for anyone else to remark on it. Headmaster Albus Dumbledore already instructed her that he wishes to deal with young Mr. Potter's letter himself, and McGonagall has not questioned that. In that universe, she would hand the letter to Dumbledore without really looking at it herself, or even asking Dumbledore what his plan is. Long experience with the man has taught her not to ask questions that would lead to unhelpful answers full of riddles and eye-twinkling.

But in this universe, Harry Potter's letter is not on top of the pile. After the other Heads of Houses select a few letters each, Severus Snape, Head of Slytherin House, picks up the remaining three letters at the bottom of the pile. And one of them is Harry Potter's.

His nose wrinkles in disgust at the first line of the envelope's address. Mr. H. Potter. A name that inspires a loathing beyond reason.

But because Severus, unlike McGonagall, has not been instructed to be uncurious about the rest of the letter and deliver it to Dumbeldore immediately, he reads the rest of the address.

The Cupboard under the Stairs
4 Privet Drive
Little Whinging
Surrey

The... what?

"Minerva," Severus says after clearing his throat uncomfortably. "Why is Harry Potter's letter in the pile of Muggle-borns?"

McGonagall looks up at him sharply. "Oh, give it to me, Severus. Albus asked to handle Mr. Potter's letter himself."

Severus stares at her flatly. "Minerva," he repeats. "Has Harry Potter been raised by Muggles?"

Filius Flitwick and Pomona Sprout, Heads of Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff Houses respectively, perk up at that, their attention won from the letters they pulled from the pile.

"Oh, I'm afraid so," says McGonagall, but it is just a figure of speech. She isn't truly horrified by or afraid of the idea. "Dumbledore left him with his mother's sister when he was a baby. Thought the boy should be raised by family, away from the fame and legends."

Severus goes very still, his hand gripping the letter tightly. "He was raised by... Petunia Evans," Severus summarizes, in a near-whisper.

McGonagall's look grows a little sharper. "Why, Severus, is something wrong with that? Give the letter here. I told you, Albus will deliver it."

Severus does not hand McGonagall the letter. "Petunia Evans hates magic. She hated her sister. She was wildly, viciously jealous of her sister and her magic. She cannot raise a magical child. No."

He only says 'no' out loud the one time, but his brain is still going on: no no no no no no no no.

McGonagall's mouth twists. "Another one of your childhood grudges, Severus?"

It is an unprofessional thing to say from a woman who was in a position of responsibility when Severus was suffering through that childhood, and took no action to help him, and normally he would take offense. But at the moment, he is a little more worried about the letter clutched in his hand.

"Is this based on a childhood grudge too, Minerva?" Severus asks, his voice still hoarse and low. He brandishes the letter at her. "He lives in the Cupboard under the Stairs!"

"Let me see that," says McGonagall sharply, and while Severus lets her look, he does not let her take the letter from his hands.

Her face goes a little white. "I—"

She cannot finish the sentence.

Severus abruptly pushes his chair away from the table and stands. He feels a sudden rush of anger. "I will deliver this letter," he snarls. "Dumbledore clearly cannot be trusted with the task."

Severus is of the opinion that Dumbledore does not take child abuse or neglect as seriously as perhaps he should. Dumbledore leaves such matters entirely up to the Heads of Houses, which means... if a child happens to be sorted into a House with a Head who does not bother to screen for child abuse or pay much attention to their students... like, say, the old Potions Master Horace Slughorn.... Or even Professor McGonagall, whose heart is absolutely in the right place but who is kept so busy with her Deputy Headmistress duties.... Well, to put it mildly, in Severus's personal experience, not enough is done.

So no. Severus will not be giving this letter to Dumbledore. Trusting Lily's son's welfare to Petunia Evans is one of the most insane notions Severus has ever heard of. The combination of Petunia Evans and a boy living in a cupboard are setting off all kinds of alarm bells in Severus's head.

None of the other three try to stop him as he sweeps out of the room.


Severus dresses in Muggle clothing and arrives at Number 4, Privet Drive. It is the middle of the morning. Petunia answers the door, and is not remotely happy to see him, but he pushes past her into the house. He exchanges words with her in the kitchen, about the cupboard and what else she's done to her nephew, and he resorts to using Legilimency on her. He sees the loathing with which she regards her nephew, the age-inappropriate chores heaped on the boy, the bullying by her husband and her son, the cruel punishments for the child's accidental magic, the too-often missed meals, that damned cupboard instead of a bedroom, the prohibition on questions, the lies about Lily's death....

And then Petunia calls Harry to come in from outside. He's dirty and sweaty, and starving and thirsty from working in the garden, and he's drowning in clothes many sizes too big for him, and his glasses have been broken and taped up again and again, and he's the picture of unhappy neglect. Severus forgets all about the bully James Potter and the dead Lily Evans and just sees a child who needs to be rescued.

As succinctly as possible, Severus explains magic to the boy, persuades him his accidental magic is proof that he's a wizard, suffers through Petunia's rant about Lily being a 'freak,' and decides on the spot that he must remove Harry from this home.

"Your mother wasn't a freak," Severus assures the child when Petunia is done, in his gentlest voice. (His students wouldn't even recognize him right now.) "She had magic, like you and me. And she didn't die in a car crash. We can talk about that later."

The boy just stares at him with huge eyes.

"I have a couple other letters to deliver to children who don't know they're magical," continues Severus calmly, showing the boy the other envelopes with addresses in green ink. "Would you like to accompany me?"

Harry doesn't even take a moment to question whether he should leave the Dursleys' house with a strange man he just met. His eyes stay huge and trusting, and he's visibly awed when Severus transfigures his clothing into a size that fits and repairs his glasses. There isn't much to work with when it comes to the boy's trainers—they're ratty and full of holes and Severus doesn't want to make them even worse—but the boy looks a little less pathetic now. Severus also casts a minor spell to hide the child's scar. No need to call attention to themselves on their errands.

Petunia doesn't even put up a protest at the kidnapping, just snaps at Severus not to expect her to pay for any of the boy's school things.

Severus ignores that, writes down her phone number in case of emergency, takes Harry's hand, and leads him out of that horrible house.

Severus usually Apparates around the country to deliver the Muggle-borns' letters, but one cannot Apparate with a ten-year-old. So he hales the Knight Bus.

Harry's wide-eyed, adoring stare when the huge purple bus roars into existence in front of them is priceless.

Severus finds himself pleased that he asked Harry to accompany him to the Grangers' and the Finch-Fletchleys'. Although taking the Knight Bus is irritating, it is worth it. Harry gets to watch other children become excited about the magical world, and bond with children his age who he will be going to school with. The Granger girl is a bit too excited, but Severus figures she will calm down once she gets to school. The Finch-Fletchleys are a wealthy Muggle family who Severus finds a bit snooty, but their boy is thrilled to meet Harry, and his family's lack of excitement can't dampen the child's.

Severus makes arrangements to accompany the families shopping in Diagon Alley at a mutually agreeable time, and then suggests to Harry that they get dinner in a restaurant nearby.

Harry is quiet during dinner, coming down from the high of the day. Severus takes the opportunity to explain that his parents didn't die in a car crash. He tells Harry a condensed version of the history of the wizarding war and the child's supposed defeat of the Dark Lord Voldemort. Harry doesn't interrupt with questions or exclamations, but listens quietly and carefully until Severus is finished.

Severus patiently navigates the boy's very natural disbelief and horror, and tries not to insult the Dursleys more than necessary.

When they finish the meal, Severus pays the bill but makes no move to leave the table. "You don't like your aunt and uncle very much, do you?"

It is always hard to talk with a child about their abuse. He has to do it in a way that doesn't cause the boy to shut down.

But Harry doesn't bristle up or try to deny it. He just shakes his head and says nothing.

Severus hesitates. He knows what he would do with a child in Slytherin House discovered in these circumstances, but it is a thousand times more complicated to do this with Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived. "You needn't go back there," he says finally. "If you don't wish to."

Harry looks up at him, half-hopeful, half-skeptical. "But I have no other family," he says. "Where else would I go?"

Severus swallows, and has to bite his tongue and ground himself in the slight rush of pain before he can answer. "Would you like to spend the rest of the summer with me?"

And Harry glows. "Yes, sir," he says. "I would love that."

Severus will need to lecture the boy about not trusting strangers just because they are superficially nicer than the Dursleys, and about Death Eaters and the war, and about the possibility of Voldemort coming back to life wanting to kill Harry.

Later. After he learns to trust Severus.

"Do you need to go back to your aunt and uncle's house to get your things?"

"I don't have any things," says Harry, simply and indifferently.

And doesn't that just say it all.

So Severus takes Harry Potter to Spinner's End, where the boy is awed by the magical books—Severus demonstrates why the boy is not to touch any that Severus doesn't tell him are safe—and jars of strange ingredients and magical instruments and potions equipment, and the child doesn't seem to think the shabby furniture and tiny rooms compare unfavorably with Privet Drive.

Severus installs the boy in the loft bedroom, with a set of Severus's old pajamas.

"This used to be an unfinished attic room," Severus tells Harry with a small smile as he tucks the covers in around the boy. "Your mum came over in the summers because the Ministry doesn't monitor underage magic in a magical home. This was our little spot. We would read, and talk, and brew potions, and practice charms, and we thought we could take on the world."

Harry's eyes are shining.

"Now it's your spot," says Severus, clearing his throat. "Good night, Harry."

"Good night, sir," the boy whispers as Severus leaves.

Severus returns downstairs, picks up the phone, and dials the Dursleys. He uses his telephone so seldom, but occasions like this make him grateful he's kept one all these years.

"Dursley residence, Petunia speaking," says a sharp voice on the other end of the line.

"I just wanted to let you know I'm keeping Harry for the rest of the summer," says Severus crisply. "You needn't worry about paying anything for his school, or anything else. Is that acceptable?"

Petunia snorts. "This must be Snape."

"Yes, hello, Petunia."

"Of course it's not a problem. We never wanted him in the first place, you know. That man dumped him in a basket on our doorstep without so much as a by-your-leave and left a note," she says scathingly. "How would you have liked to learn your sister died and you're forced to take in a toddler in a note?"

"That's—I didn't know that," replies Severus, taken aback. "I'm—I am sorry to hear it. Dumbledore never said a word about you not wanting the child. He said that Harry was in a safe, happy home."

"It was a safe, happy home before we found that note," Petunia says venomously. "Before the boy's unnaturalness kept rearing its head. He set a load of snakes on my son!"

"I understand," Severus says calmly, although he privately thinks the son in question more than likely deserved to have snakes set on him. "It's a lot to ask you to deal with accidental magic from a child. You didn't have the tools to manage it."

"Exactly," huffs Petunia. "I'd like to give that interfering old fool a piece of my mind!" Then she pauses, and says quickly, "I've got to go."

And she hangs up the phone without further ceremony.

Severus glares at the innocuous telephone receiver for a few minutes. Then he Floo-calls McGonagall, requests she come through to his home, makes a pot of tea, and tells her everything.

She is racked with guilt and grief over the boy's childhood, and agrees that Dumbledore has either neglected his duty to check in on the child he placed in a Muggle home, or has known that the Dursleys are abusive and done nothing. Either way, he cannot be trusted with the boy's welfare again.

Together, they decide subterfuge is the best course. McGonagall will return to Dumbledore and tell him Severus delivered Harry's letter, that there were no problems with getting his Muggle relatives to understand that Harry is magical, and that they understand how to take him to Diagon Alley and send him off to King's Cross on September 1.

They have no idea what Dumbledore was planning to do with Harry's letter, but whatever it was, it will now be out of even Dumbledore's hands to make happen.

After they've hashed out the details of their plan, McGonagall can't help teasing Severus about his apparent devotion to James Potter's son.

Severus thoughtfully examines his teacup.

"If a miniature James Potter had strutted into Hogwarts to applause and acclaim like he owned the place, I would have hated him with every fiber of my being," he admits. "But the boy with repeatedly broken glasses drowning in clothes that don't fit, holding himself carefully away from his aunt like she might strike him at any moment...." Severus swallows. "Reminded me of nothing so much as myself."

McGonagall does not tease him about it again.
Chapter 2: Off to Hogwarts
Chapter Text

First thing next morning, Severus takes the boy shopping for toiletries and other supplies. The delight the child displays when he is allowed to pick out new clothing of his choice, select his own color of toothbrush, and acquire pristine new trainers is... painful to watch.

On Saturday, they go shopping with the Grangers and Finch-Fletchleys in Diagon Alley. Severus lets Harry withdraw some spending money from his trust vault in Gringotts set up by his parents before they died, but purchases most of his school supplies himself. He could apply to Hogwarts for reimbursement, there is a fund specifically for this purpose, but he thinks he probably won't. Dumbledore might notice.

Severus just wants Harry to feel free to use his vault for personal spending money during school—the kind of funds that Mr. and Mrs. Evans always gave Lily to use on herself. Just for fun, just because they loved her. Buying Harry necessary supplies from someone else's money and keeping his own funds for later is the least Severus can do to replicate that experience.

At the bookstore, Severus ensures Harry buys a copy of So You're New to the Magical World that Hermione Granger and Justin Finch-Fletchley get. It's for Muggle-borns, but it ought to be required purchasing for anyone raised outside the magical world, not just those whose parents are technically Muggles.

The trip takes a dark turn when Severus catches the boy speaking Parseltongue to snakes in the Magical Menagerie, but circumstances favor them: Hermione and Justin are busy elsewhere in the shop and no one else overhears. Severus gets the boy out of there, buys him an owl from a different shop, and reserves explanations for later.

Ollivander selling the boy the twin of the Dark Lord's wand is even more disturbing than discovering the child is a Parselmouth.

Something very odd is going on. Severus sets it all aside to examine later, the children decide to sit down and get ice cream together, and the day is bright again.


The morning of July 31, the child descends into the kitchen to find Severus making breakfast and a pile of presents sitting on the table.

Harry's face betrays his shock. "What is this?"

"Happy birthday," says Severus with a small smile.

"How did you know it was my birthday?" Harry demands.

Ah, and isn't that a loaded question. Normally, Severus would have to look up a child's school files to find their birthday, and Harry doesn't have a school file yet. But it is impossible for Severus to ever forget that this child was born at the end of the seventh month of the year.

"I was friends with your mother in childhood," says Severus, bypassing the more difficult part of the answer. "We weren't still friends by the time you were born, but I noticed your birth announcement in the newspaper anyway."

Harry is clearly interested in this tidbit about his mother's past, but he is more distracted by the presents on the table. "These are all for me?" he says in a high-pitched, disbelieving voice.

"Yes," says Severus, putting some food on the table. "Open them whenever you like."

Harry tears into them like they will disappear if he doesn't do it as quickly as possible.

Severus got him magical sweets and Muggle sweets, specialized quills that ease hand cramping and help a Muggle-born student learn to write on parchment, a book about Quidditch, and a new Muggle hand-held game console. Even the boy's new pet owl, Hedwig, gets a package of owl treats.

Harry manages to thank Severus even though he remains mostly speechless. Severus tells him he is welcome, brushing aside the awkwardness, and serves him a slice of cake.


The summer goes better than Severus could have predicted.

Harry is a polite, well-behaved house guest. He knows how to cook and clean the Muggle way, and is delighted to learn household charms to do these tasks the magical way. (Severus immediately removed the Trace from the boy so the Ministry can't detect the presence of an underage wizard in Severus's house. He did admit to Harry that it was illegal, but didn't admit that he learned how to do it from the same infamous Dark wizard who killed Harry's parents.)

Harry is so absorbed in his new schoolbooks that he has to be forcefully sent to bed without them, or he wouldn't have gotten any sleep until he'd finished them all. He is elated that Severus has a telephone, that Harry is allowed to use, and spends hours talking with the Granger and Finch-Fletchley children.

He soaks up information about the magical world like a sponge. Severus explains to him about Parseltongue (and how it would be prudent to hide this ability, for the time being), Salazar Slytherin, and the Dark Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters. Severus tells him about the Hogwarts Houses, and how everyone thinks Slytherin is the provenance of Dark wizards, which is untrue and unfair. Dark wizards come from all walks of life. All the same, Severus warns Harry about blood prejudices and that, if he goes to Slytherin, he will probably be sharing a room with children who call Muggle-borns—people like his mother and his new friends Hermione and Justin—nasty slurs.

Severus tells Harry his parents were both in Gryffindor, and shares stories of his mother's childhood. He warns Harry that her childhood home burned to the ground and was rebuilt, but they walk by the new house anyway, just to have a look around the area. They travel to Godric's Hollow and visit the Potters' graves, because of course Petunia never took the child there. But Severus thinks the sight of the cottage—still blown apart as though it had happened yesterday—is a bit much for an eleven-year-old, so they skip that part.

Severus also explains the landmine of wizarding laws regarding child custody.

“Wizarding Britain has no foster care system or orphanages. A child in the Muggle system stays there until they are eighteen, by agreement with the Muggle government. Orphans from Wizarding families go to their closest living relatives, unless there is an objection made from another relative or some other reason to think the family is unfit. An underage child with no family, or if there are objections made to the family members, will be taken into Ministry care while the Ministry accepts custody petitions from interested parties. If there is more than one petition, the matter goes to a committee to decide. The committee is randomly drawn from a pool of Ministry witches and wizards who have volunteered to sit on such committees. Child custody rarely comes up, they mostly decide things like conflicts over scheduling Quidditch games.”

Harry nods like he is following along, but Severus fears he has not reached the right conclusions from this description.

"Typically, there is little conflict about who in a family will take the child in. The threat of Ministry interference is an unwanted one and tends to ensure these things are settled within the family."

Harry nods again.

"Magical children are in high demand. If a child goes to this committee," continues Severus, "it can mean that custody goes to the highest bidder." Severus pauses, reminding himself to be gentle. "A rich, influential family would be more likely to get you than a kind one."

Harry looks appropriately nervous as Severus tells him about families like the Malfoys, who served Voldemort but then pretended not to and everyone else pretended like they forgot all about it as soon as the Malfoys gave generous donations to Saint Mungo's.

"I am... fond of Lucius Malfoy," Severus concludes quietly. "But it would be a dangerous placement for you."

Severus explains that Dumbledore likely took Harry to his blood relatives to avoid this quagmire, and that Harry has to keep extremely quiet about the fact that he no longer lives with his aunt and uncle. Severus tells Harry that Severus has, in the past, temporarily fostered Slytherin children, and that usually Severus finds other arrangements for them relatively quickly.

Severus cannot see what other arrangements can possibly be made for Harry, given his total lack of suitable blood relatives, his fame, and the threat of Voldemort's possible return.

Harry understands, and assures Severus he knows how to be discreet.

"I have never taken a child in who didn't already know me from school," Severus adds. "Something you should be aware of before we go back to Hogwarts is that I am an unpopular, strict teacher. Potions is the most dangerous subject taught to schoolchildren, and I run a very tight ship." Severus glares at Harry, his arms crossed against his chest, to drive home the point. "I am not going to treat you in the classroom the way that I treat you here. You will not get away with anything at school just because I have taken you in."

"Yes, sir," says Harry, sounding blithe and unafraid. Severus sighs, and decides that will have to do for now. The boy will learn.

Severus and Harry go back to Privet Drive only once that summer. They go in the middle of a weekday, to be sure of avoiding Vernon. Severus asks Petunia to sign a form with her permission for Harry to stay with Severus for the summer, hopefully as insurance against being convicted of kidnapping should the Ministry ever find out.

Harry does not enjoy being back at Privet Drive, but he is not afraid of it, either. He sets his jaw and ignores his aunt's sniping at him and tells Severus again that there is nothing here he wants to bring back to Spinner's End.

Both Harry and Severus are glad to turn their backs on the place, with plans to not see it again for at least a year.


To disguise the fact that Harry no longer lives at the Dursleys', Severus suggests they go to King's Cross on September 1 with the Grangers. Harry and Severus take the Knight Bus to the Grangers the day before—"The Knight Bus is very busy the morning of September 1, and unless you've booked it far in advance, not a reliable method of arriving at King's Cross before the train leaves," Severus explains—and stay the night. The Grangers are pleased to have a Hogwarts professor accompany them to show them platform nine and three quarters, rather than letting them fumble around on their own, and it is a good way of hiding the fact that Severus and Harry arrive together.

Severus leaves Harry and the Grangers on the platform with admonitions to the children to behave on the train, and Apparates back home to get ready to move to Hogwarts for the school year.

Harry and Hermione find Justin and get a compartment together on the train. They read their schoolbooks, chatter nervously about the Sorting Ceremony, purchase fascinating magical sweets, and exchange polite hellos with those who come visit their compartment—Neville Longbottom, looking for a toad; and three children with bright red hair who introduce themselves as Weasleys and unfortunately spread the word down the whole train that Harry Potter is coming to Hogwarts.

When Draco Malfoy shows up, insults Hermione and Justin, holds out his hand in an offer of friendship, and says he will introduce Harry to 'the right sort,' Harry knows just how to handle it. Severus has told Harry all about the Malfoys.

"I'm happy to be your friend, Malfoy," Harry says calmly, taking Malfoy's hand to shake but quickly dropping it. "But my mother was a Muggle-born just like Hermione and Justin. Until you can look me in the eye and tell me you believe that she was as good a witch as your own mother, I'm not interested in your opinion on who the right sort is."

Malfoy sputters and tries to stammer something out, but it isn't a statement that Lily Evans was on the same playing field as Narcissa Black, so Harry tells him to come back when he is ready to say that.

Malfoy is more confused than angry, and leaves without trying to pick a fight.

Harry and his friends spend the rest of the train ride comfortably left alone, but they grow nervous as Hogwarts and the Sorting Ceremony approaches. They follow a giant man who takes them into boats across a lake, and listen as Professor McGonagall explains Hogwarts and its Houses to them.

One of the Weasleys starts asking about the Sorting when McGonagall leaves, and Hermione starts speculating about all the spells she knows, and Weasley says something mean about preferring to be in whatever house she's not, and Harry wants to pipe up to defend his friend, but he's just too nervous.

Proceeding into the Great Hall and catching sight of Severus at the teacher's table does a lot to calm Harry down.

Justin goes to Hufflepuff, and Hermione goes to Gryffindor, so that doesn't help Harry figure out which House he wants to be in.

Harry does his best to ignore the excitement in the Great Hall that breaks out when McGonagall calls "Potter, Harry!"

"Hmm," says a small voice in his ear when Harry puts on the Sorting Hat. It falls over his eyes. "Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. There's talent, oh my goodness, yes—and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that's interesting.... So where shall I put you? Slytherin would—"

Harry grips the edges of the stool and starts to feel ill thinking about Malfoy and blood prejudice and being in a dorm room with Death Eaters' children.

"Not Slytherin, eh?" says the small voice. "Are you sure? You could be great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that—no? Well, if you're sure—better be GRYFFINDOR!"

Up at the high table, a certain hook-nosed professor might, in another world, have sneered at the boy taking off the Sorting Hat who is at the center of everyone's attention. He might have been made sick by the chants of "We got Potter! We got Potter!" coming from the Gryffindor table, and might have spent his meal brooding about the unfairness of life and death.

But in this universe, the professor can tell that Harry is simply relieved to have the ordeal over with.

When the child looks up to the high table with a questioning look in his eye, Severus gives him a small smile.
Chapter 3: The Troll
Chapter Text

Harry gets along easily enough with the other boys who are assigned to his dorm in Gryffindor, but spends most of his time with Hermione, because she does not immediately get along with her roommates.

Harry hates the attention he gets in the halls of Hogwarts, but loves his classes. He is most looking forward to Potions, of course.

He and Hermione are on the edge of their seats during Professor Snape's description of the art of potions, and the dangers of it. Professor Snape quizzes the class and call on students randomly to answer, rather than recognizing Hermione who instantly raises her hand at every question. Harry starts to get uncomfortable with how forward Hermione is being, but Professor Snape does eventually let her give an answer and it turns out to be correct.

When he is called on for a question, Harry can tell the class that adding the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire would make the potion explode.

He knows this because it was one of the first examples Severus gave Harry of why Harry should never touch things he doesn't understand while Severus was brewing in his home.

The professor doesn't smile at Harry, but he moves on, so Harry assumes his answer was correct. There are no potions accidents in class, because of the timely reminder about porcupine quills.

Severus is congratulating himself on a successful class with no injured first years, when he notices that Harry has stayed after class.

"Mr. Potter?" Severus asks. He can't imagine that Harry would want to complain about Potions class already.

"What's in the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side, sir?"

"I couldn't say," says Severus, narrowing his eyes. Why was Harry asking?

"Filch threatened to look Ron and me in the dungeons when he caught us trying to open the door to that corridor," Harry says, shifting his weight uncomfortably on his feet. "He didn't really mean that, did he?"

"Filch does not have the authority to lock students in the dungeons in this school," Severus assures Harry.

"Something else even weirder happened," says Harry, and he's hesitating now, so Severus makes his demeanor slightly more encouraging. "During the Start-of-Term Feast, when I made eye contact with Professor Quirrell, er—my—er—"

Severus fixes the boy with his most patient look. He's not sure how patient it actually is, but he tries.

"My scar hurt," says Harry in an almost-whisper. "It was a sharp, hot pain that was gone as quickly as it came."

Severus frowns. "Professor Quirrell?" He's known Quirinus Quirrell for two decades now and thinks it unlikely that Quirrell could do something to Harry to make his curse-scar hurt.

"He hasn't made eye contact with me since, not even in class," Harry says, and he's really uncomfortable now.

Severus rubs his forehead. "I'll keep an eye on him, I suppose," he says reluctantly. "I have no idea what it means."

Harry nods, like he feels better just having confided in a trusted adult about a problem. And perhaps that is exactly what just happened.

"Last thing, I promise," says Harry, and holds out a letter. "I got this in the mail this morning."

It's a letter from Rubeus Hagrid, inviting Harry to tea this afternoon.

"Who is this? Should I accept? Where do I go if I want to say yes?"

Severus smiles. "Hagrid is the very tall man who accompanied the first years across the lake before the Sorting Ceremony," he explains. "He has no common sense and even less concept of responsibility, but he's very kind. You'll enjoy it if you go. He lives in the small wooden house just outside the forest, past the lawn stretching down from the front doors of the castle. Just—take a friend with you."

"Is Hagrid dangerous, sir? And why does he want to meet me?"

"He is not dangerous, no. He might rope you into dangerous situations due to a lack of judgment, but he'd never do anything to hurt you intentionally. Still, it's always a good idea not to do things on your own, Harry, like meeting strangers." Severus winces as he hears himself already give up 'Mr. Potter' for 'Harry.' "And he probably wants to meet you because he knew your parents."

Harry nods, like he is already used to people interested in him because of who his parents were or something his parents did. Severus sighs, but sends the boy off with a warning to behave and stay safe.

 

Harry and Hermione do enjoy tea with Hagrid. While there, Harry reads an interesting article about a break-in at Gringotts, and even more interestingly, decides Hagrid knows something about it that he's not sharing.

 

Severus is not impressed when he hears that Harry recklessly endangered his life to show off his flying skills to Draco Malfoy, and that McGonagall rewarded the boy by buying him a broom and giving him a position on the Gryffindor Quidditch team.

He holds Harry back after Potions the next day and asks him why he let Malfoy provoke him so.

"I heard the story of how you handled Draco on the train," Severus says gently. "And I was impressed with your maturity. Acting up in lessons and defying your teacher's instructions is not mature behavior."

Harry flushes, and stammers, and eventually spills a long story about Malfoy taunting Neville Longbottom and how Neville can't stand up for himself and needs someone to help him, and how flying was a million times better than anything Harry could ever have imagined in life, and then Malfoy challenged Neville to a duel but stood him up, and he and Ron, Hermione, and Neville had to run from Filch and they found a giant three-headed dog and almost died.

Severus groans, and bangs his forehead on his desk, and curses his lot, and tells Harry that he will ground him for life if he ever hears about him wandering the corridors after curfew and risking his neck again.

Harry seems appropriately chastised.

Then Severus sits down and writes a sneaky letter to Molly Weasley, explaining that her son almost got mauled by a dangerous beast inside Hogwarts. He doesn’t sign it, but he knows it'll get her attention anyway.

 

Molly Weasley's Howler to Dumbledore is everything Severus hoped for. She cannot believe the headmaster is keeping a giant Cerberus in a school full of children, demands he remove it at once, and threatens to go to the governors if she ever hears of lethal beasts residing in her children's school again.

Dumbledore does remove the Cerberus. Severus doesn't know what he replaces it with, but he knows that Dumbledore doesn't change the rest of the protections around the Philosopher's Stone—Severus would have been asked to do something with his potions, had that been the case.

Still, some change is better than nothing.

 

Halloween is not Severus's favorite time of year. It is fair, in fact, to say it is his least favorite day of the year. The atmosphere in the castle is always festive, which only makes it worse. Severus notices at breakfast that Harry is subdued, too, and for an instant, wishes he hadn't told the child that Halloween is the anniversary of his parents' deaths.

Lying to the boy would have been unthinkable, though.

Severus is picking morosely at his food during the dinner feast when Quirrell announces there is a troll loose in the dungeons.

Severus immediately recognizes it for the diversion it is, quickly organizes the Slytherin prefects to take the House to their common room via a shortcut that will ensure they reach it without going through any staircases or corridors large enough to hold a troll, and hurries off to the third-floor corridor.

To Severus's consternation, Harry follows him, with the Gryffindor Ron Weasley tagging just behind him.

"It's Hermione!" Harry explains breathlessly, clutching a stich in his side. "Ron was mean to her earlier today and Parvati told Lavender that Hermione was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone and she doesn't know about the troll!"

"You were told to go to your common room, Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley," Severus snaps at the boys, but then he caves and agrees they can find Hermione on their way to Gryffindor Tower. Severus mentally sighs and gives up on the idea of catching Quirrell in the act of trying to steal the Stone.

When they find Hermione, they find the troll too. Unfortunately, troll hide is resistant to magic and few spells work on the creatures. Severus therefore uses the extremely Dark curse he invented specifically for dangerous magical beasts... and for enemies.

After he has already acted, he grows a little ashamed of using something so bloody and vicious in front of the children, but the troll was about to smash Hermione Granger's head in, so....

Quirrell and McGonagall come hurrying in and Quirrell nearly faints at the sight of all the blood.

McGonagall is unbothered by the blood but furious at the sight of the children in danger.

"What on earth is going on?!"

The children shuffle their feet, while Severus wipes his brow with his arm. He has been sweating. "Mr. Potter and Ms. Weasley knew Ms. Granger was in the bathroom instead of at the feast, and wanted to come warn her about the troll. The plan was to simply find her and accompany them all to the Gryffindor common room. However, we managed to find the troll in the bathroom with Miss Granger."

"Well," McGonagall replies faintly, addressing Harry and Ron. "You are extremely fortunate you had Professor Snape with you. No first years could take on a full-grown mountain troll."

Harry and Ron, however, avoid meeting Severus's eye.

Severus is not offended. His Cutting Curse really is horrific, and probably one of the most violent things either boy has ever seen.

McGonagall sends the children away before she turns on Severus. She cannot believe he used that spell in front of children, and Severus does not have much to say to defend himself. He is calm and composed under fire by human opponents, and able to quickly and effectively choose among an arsenal of suitable spells depending on the context and the situation. But face him with a dangerous magical beast... and he is fifteen again in a tunnel with a werewolf and unable to think clearly.

But he cannot say this to McGonagall. So he just nods, his face bloodless and his lips pressed together so tightly he cannot speak.

The children, however, are not bothered by it the way the adults think they might be. Quite the opposite: The best thing to come out of it, from Harry's perspective, is the changed relationship between Hermione and Ron—each of whom Harry was friends with separately, but who couldn't stand each other. Watching their professor slice open a twelve-foot mountain troll with a few lazy flicks of his wand impressed them both so much that they chattered about it together all night, spreading the story far and wide in Gryffindor House, and completely forgot they had ever been feuding.

 

The first Quidditch match of the season again tests Severus's limited supply of equanimity. All is well... until someone starts jinxing Harry's broom. Severus has to quickly choose between looking for the culprit or focusing on a counter-jinx.

(In another universe, that might have been a difficult decision for him, because the other him doesn't really care for the welfare of the boy on the broom, but he has most reluctantly vowed to protect him for the sake of Lily's memory.

(In that universe, the headmaster will later tell the boy that Severus protected him because he owes James Potter a life debt. That is utter rubbish, in Severus's opinion, because a life debt cannot really be owed when the person supposedly saving your life was at least partially responsible for it being in danger.

(The headmaster is full of a lot of rubbish ideas when it comes to Severus's life.)

In this universe, it's not a difficult choice at all. It doesn't matter who's attacking Harry. Severus can find out later. Right now, it matters only that Harry not fall off his broom and die.

Hermione Granger interrupts both the jinx and the counter-jinx when she knocks Quirrell over on her way to set Severus's robes on fire, which Severus finds very suspicious. Between that, and Harry's scar hurting around Quirrell, the troll on Halloween, and the headmaster's admonition to "keep an eye on Quirrell," Severus is starting to think there is more to the story of the man's world travels than being scared by a vampire.

Harry wins the match for Gryffindor anyway, which makes Severus shake his head in amused disbelief, and later, he has a chat with Harry about his friend setting Severus's robes on fire.

"Oh yeah, we've realized that someone is trying to steal whatever that three-headed dog was guarding," says the boy easily. "Hermione and Ron think it's you because you're mean in class."

Severus actually laughs at this. "They have no idea how mean I can get."

"I think it's Quirrell," says Harry, proving that he and Severus are on the same page about this without ever having discussed it. "Hermione told me she knocked him over in the teacher's box and felt bad that she didn't even stop to say sorry. But that means she knocked him over and suddenly the jinxing stopped!"

Severus nods, slowly, then sighs. "I can come up with numerous reasons Quirrell may want to hurt you, and I don't like any of them. I'm not saying you should stop going to his classes, but avoid eye contact, keep your head down, and never let yourself be alone with him. Tell me immediately if something happens with him."
Chapter 4: The Philosopher's Stone
Chapter Text

In December, Harry asks Severus what he usually does for Christmas.

"I stay at Hogwarts," Severus answers. "A few of my Slytherins always stay, and I could entrust their supervision to another Head of House, but I don't prefer to."

"I'll stay too," Harry agrees cheerfully, and finds McGonagall to put his name on the list.

Severus's heart warms, for a moment, at the idea that Harry did not decide whether to put his name on the list until he learned what Severus's plans were.

 

Christmas at Hogwarts is everything Harry ever dreamed of. The castle decorations are spectacular, his friend Ron stayed in the castle with him, and Harry has presents. He receives a wooden flute that Hagrid carved himself, a fifty-pence piece from the Dursleys perfectly calculated to be as insulting as possible, a hand-knitted sweater and a box of fudge from Mrs. Weasley, more candy from Hermione and Justin, and from Snape... an elegant yet casual silver scarf made from material Harry can't identify, more candy, another book about Quidditch, and a book of wizarding riddles and puzzles. Harry is far more pleased that Snape is still giving him presents than about the contents of the presents themselves.

There is another parcel on the floor that Harry almost doesn't notice. He picks it up last, and it is very light. He unwraps it.

Something fluid and silvery goes slithering to the floor where it lies in gleaming folds.

Ron gasps, and tells Harry it's an invisibility cloak, but Harry refuses to touch it until he knows it's safe. He doesn't explain the details to Ron, but later he brings the parcel and the note to Snape, a little nervous about intruding on the professor on Christmas Day, but Snape takes the parcel with a smile and looks at it carefully.

"Hmm," murmurs Snape in a neutral tone. "This is Headmaster Dumbledore's writing, and this is indeed your father's invisibility cloak. I... have no idea why he did not sign the note, or why he had your father's things."

Harry doesn't pick up on the caution or distaste in the professor's tone. He is overwhelmed by the idea of having something of his father's.

"If you use this cloak to wander about the castle after curfew and get yourself into danger, know that I shall confiscate it," Snape warns, but his forbidding, stern manner isn't present. He mostly just seems unhappy.

"Yes sir, I promise I won't," says Harry, but his own happiness is undiminished.

Harry keeps his promise to Severus. He doesn't wander the deserted castle after curfew. He thinks about looking in the Restricted Section for information on Nicholas Flamel, but then he remembers how guilty and awful he felt when Professor Snape spoke to him about the dangerous midnight duel and encountering the three-headed dog.

He decides he can always ask Professor Snape who Nicholas Flamel is.

In another universe, Harry Potter has no idea what it's like to have an adult in his life who will listen to him and take him seriously and who cares for his safety. In this universe, he has already realized that Professor Snape is that adult, even if he can't articulate it like that.

 

"Why are you refereeing the next Quidditch game?" Harry asks Snape after class one week in February in tones of horror. "Everyone thinks you're trying to stop Gryffindor from winning!"

Snape laughs. "I told you I'm the most unpopular teacher in this school," he says with an ironic smile. "Of course they think that."

"But are you?" asks an anxious eleven-year-old boy to whom sports are everything.

James thought that about Quidditch too, but Severus finds it far easier to forgive this boy, who hasn't had much else going for him in life.

"No, child," says Snape in a tone that is both chiding and fond. "I think I'll do a better job than Hooch of protecting you from Quirrell."

"Oh," says Harry, and he thinks he should have thought of that himself.

Professor Snape does, in Harry's opinion, favor Hufflepuff a little too much during the match. But Gryffindor wins anyway, and Harry also notices that no one attacks Harry that day.

Harry can't help also noticing, however, that Professor Snape disappears into the forest after the match. Even though he knows without a doubt that Professor Snape would be upset if he caught Harry in the Forbidden Forest, Harry can't find it in himself to be afraid of anything that might live in the forest while Professor Snape is there, with his powerful and terrifying magical spells.

And so Harry overhears Professor Snape threatening Quirrell, but it sounds like Snape has everything under control, so Harry forgets all about it in the crush of homework and approaching exams.

 

Then, of course, there is the matter of Hagrid's dragon.

Hermione and Ron are all for keeping Hagrid's secret, but Harry goes to Professor Snape.

"Hagrid found a dragon's egg from somewhere, and Ron says they're illegal and he'll go to prison if he's caught, but Hermione pointed out that Hagrid lives in a wooden house, and Hagrid doesn't care about anything as much as he cares about this egg!" Harry bursts out in a rush.

"Ah," says Snape. "Now you see why I told you Hagrid lacks rational judgment when it comes to some things, and does not really understand danger?"

Harry nods. He understands completely.

"Dumbledore will help him," Snape says with a smile. "Don't worry about it."

"But, sir, he'll go to prison," says Harry anxiously.

Snape laughs, but the laughter has a slightly bitter edge. "If there is one thing Dumbledore knows how to do, it's keeping unworthy people out of prison. I promise you, Dumbledore will cover it all up, get rid of the egg, and Hagrid will be perfectly fine."

Harry doesn't understand all the nuances in Snape's laugh, but he does know this: "You don't trust the headmaster," says Harry suspiciously. "Not when it comes to you or me. Why would you trust him with Hagrid?"

Snape nods. "Very perceptive of you, but I know the headmaster well. I have known him well for decades. I know when to trust him, and when not to. Hiding a little pet Hagrid found somewhere shady is exactly the kind of thing we can trust him with."

"Don't tell him I told you," Harry mumbles, and Snape promises not to.

 

Severus does not go directly to Dumbledore. He goes to McGonagall, who is appalled but pleased that the students confided in Severus, and she goes to Dumbledore.

Dumbledore is immediately focused on the problem of helping Hagrid, and not particularly interested in prying about McGonagall's source.

Whereas, Severus thinks bitterly to himself, Dumbledore would have never let it go if it had been Severus coming to Dumbledore with a problem and asking for student confidentiality.

Hagrid is allowed to watch the dragon hatch, but the beast is gone the next day.

 

Harry, Hermione, Neville, and Draco are not caught out after curfew trying to dispose of a dragon, and so they do not get a detention, especially not a detention to be assigned by Hagrid.

Hagrid, the perpetual underestimator of danger, goes into the Forbidden Forest to track a unicorn killer by himself. When Hagrid is missing the next day, the other teachers venture into the forest and with the help of his dog, find his body. He's not dead, just unconscious. The unicorn killer attacked him, and the centaurs give the humans a wide berth, so there is no help to be had from them.

Quirrell is nowhere to be found for any of this.

Severus starts to see things he does not want to see. Harry's scar hurts when Quirrell looks at him. Quirrell might be disappearing into the forest to drink unicorn blood. Harry's scar is, as everyone knows, from Voldemort. And only a desperate madman like Voldemort would drink unicorn blood.

What Severus lacks is any proof whatsoever. So he does not confide in Dumbledore or any other professor. He decides to wait and watch.

It is after exams are over, and Dumbledore is gone from the school, that Harry comes to Severus, frantic.

"Hagrid just confessed that he got the dragon egg from a stranger in the Hog's Head who was unusually interested in three-headed dogs," Harry pants. "He told the stranger how to get past Fluffy!"

"Fluffy?" asks Severus, snorting. "What a name for the monster. It's all right, Harry, 'Fluffy' is no longer on the third floor thanks to Molly Weasley's Howler. I don't know what, but something else is there now."

"But don't you see! Quirrell has been poking around it all year! He knows about the protections and he's going to steal the Stone!"

"Maybe," says Severus. "It's certainly possible. And—" Severus hesitates. "And Dumbledore is not at the school today," he adds softly.

Harry stares at him with huge eyes.

"I'll patrol tonight," Severus assures the boy. "I'll send Dumbeldore a note telling him the defenses are probably at risk, and I'll watch the third-floor corridor. You can trust me. Okay?"

And because Harry does trust Severus, Harry agrees.

 

But later that night, in the third-floor corridor, Severus confronts a Quirrell with Voldemort on the back of his head and wishes that Harry had trusted Severus a little less.

"Kneel, Severus, and I shall spare your unworthy life," hisses the face on the back of Quirrell's bald head. Quirrell didn't used to be bald, Severus remembers wildly. "Help me obtain the stone and you will receive your reward."

Voldemort didn't used to talk like a cartoon villain, Severus remembers, but Severus really needs to reign in his wild thoughts and focus on the very serious problem facing him.

His instincts are screaming at him to fall to his knees, dissemble and pretend and buy for time, to... well, do what he does best. But he's also hyperaware that, somehow, there are children who have snuck into the corridor behind him. What will Voldemort do to these children if Severus stands aside?

"Unfaithful after all this time, then?" Voldemort's visage darkens when Severus doesn't move. "Dumbledore's little pet? Deserted me like a coward, believing me dead and gone?"

"I didn't—I'm not—" Severus stammers, but he's still clear in his mind that he has to protect the children, so he raises his wand and a Stunning Spell is on his tongue. But Quirrell is standing too close to him; it's only a moment for the man to turn, reach out, and touch Severus's left wrist.

Severus cannot complete his spell; Severus's Dark Mark is on fire, the pain racing through his veins, crippling in its intensity, and Severus's eyes roll up inside his head and he collapses on the floor and his world goes black.

 

Harry does trust Professor Snape, more than he has ever trusted any adult before in his life.

That is, he trusts Professor Snape to guard the third-floor corridor and try to stop Quirrell, since he said he would.

But Harry doesn't trust Professor Snape to do it all by himself.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione hide in the shadows of the corridor and watch as Quirrell somehow causes Professor Snape to fall to the floor.

"Why doesn't Snape use that crazy slicing spell?" Ron wonders, but Harry is all out of questions and he isn't thinking, he just darts forward and acts to protect his favorite professor, and when Harry grabs Quirrell to get him off of Professor Snape, Quirrell is the one who is screaming, and then Harry's friends start screaming, and Harry's own world goes black.

 

Neither Harry nor Severus learn exactly what happened until they wake up in the Hospital Wing the next morning.

Dumbledore—and this is the first time Harry has ever spoken to the man—explains that the Dark Lord Voldemort was possessing Quirrell the whole year. He was after the Philosopher's Stone, to get his body back after Harry destroyed it as a baby. Thanks to Harry and Snape, Voldemort did not get the Stone. Working together, Ron and Hermione managed to get Harry off of Quirrell before Harry was hurt too badly. Then Dumbledore arrived just in time to help Ron and Hermione.

Voldemort has disappeared, and Quirrell is dead.

Harry feels numb at this news, and doesn't know how to process it.

Dumbledore explains that he and Nicolas Flamel decided to destroy the Stone. Harry doesn't understand why it wasn't destroyed a year ago, if Dumbledore knew Voldemort was interested in it, but since he doesn't trust the headmaster, he doesn't ask.

Nor does Dumbledore explain how Quirrell managed to hurt Professor Snape so. But Dumbledore does explain that Quirrell suffered under Harry's touch because of his mother's sacrifice that once saved Harry's life and destroyed Voldemort.

Dumbledore admits he gave Harry his father's invisibility cloak.

And Dumbledore praises Harry for trusting Professor Snape enough to ask him for help before running off after Quirrell alone, but there's something strange about his eyes and his mouth that makes Harry wonder if he really means it.
Chapter 5: Voldemort Is Alive
Chapter Text

Severus is back in his office that evening. He feels physically healthy—he knows how to treat nerve damage caused by his Dark Mark, he has had enough experience with that sort of thing—but he is nonetheless absolutely miserable.

He faced the Dark Lord, in person (so to speak), and defied him.

This is it, Severus thinks hysterically. Voldemort is not dead, he is alive, he'll return again and he will find Severus and execute him as a traitor.

There is nowhere Severus can run, nowhere he can hide from Voldemort—not with Voldemort's own Mark on his arm. And with Harry in his life, Severus can never pretend again. He cannot reenter Voldemort's ranks as a spy.

As long as Severus is Marked, he is a slave. And it is not a superficial tattoo, easily covered up or removed. It lives inside his arm, as much a part of it as the blood or the bone.

The entire arm must go—and Severus should have done it long ago.

Severus prepares a blade, and heats an iron slate until it glows.

He secures his wrist onto his desk with magical cords, stretching his own arm across the wood. Steeling himself, he raises the blade and prepares to cut his left arm off at the elbow.

"Oh, Severus," says a very familiar voice behind him. It is high and cold, but sounds sad and world-weary. "Please, do not do that."

The motion of the blade arrested, his heart in his throat, Severus whirls around to look for the source of the voice.

There is only one portrait in Severus's office. It hangs on the very back wall, where it stays in the shadows, unlit by the fire. No one ever pays any attention to it. It depicts scraggly sheep grazing on a brown hillside, with ominous gray clouds in the sky and small flurries of snow drifting down every now and then. Other inhabitants of the portraits in Hogwarts do not usually visit.

But right now, the portrait has a visitor in addition to its sheep.

Shivers travel up and down Severus's spine as he finds himself looking at a painting of Lord Voldemort. He appears as he had when Severus first met him, and not so awful as he looked yesterday. He has a full head of hair, for one, and his inhuman, waxy features are at least more natural-looking when on his own body.

"I confess I don't understand how you could transfer your loyalty from me to Dumbledore, and I will find it hard to forgive, but this seems like a rather drastic measure," says the high, cold voice that haunts Severus's nightmares.

Severus stares.

"Come closer, Severus," the portrait orders, and Severus obeys on instinct.

Severus unfastens the ties binding his arm to his desk, puts down the blade, and stands up. He walks to the back of his office, but stays a careful distance from the portrait and stands still, to stare at it some more.

"How?" Severus finally asks, after the silence stretches on interminably. "Is this real?"

"I confess I do not know," says Voldemort. "I left Quirrell when the pain became intolerable, and woke up in this portrait. It must have been some trap Dumbledore created for me."

Severus counts his own breathing for a few minutes.

"You cannot seriously be thinking of cutting off your own arm," continues Voldemort in a slightly chiding tone. "You do not know the magic necessary to create another one capable of the fine movements necessary for brewing. And Dumbledore will abandon you if render yourself useless as a spy against me. You will lose everything."

"I've gone mad," Severus mutters to himself. "That's the only explanation for believing I'm talking to a portrait of the Dark Lord."

Voldemort gives Severus a thin, brittle smile. "I mean you no harm, Severus. I am not here to kill you. And I could use your help."

Severus chews on his lip and stares at the portrait some more.

"Are you really a portrait?"

Voldemort spreads his hands apart, as though to demonstrate his surroundings, and doesn't respond.

"Can you move anywhere in the castle like other portraits?"

Voldemort gives Severus that thin smile again. "I have found I am unwelcome in most portraits. The sheep here do not bother me, at least."

"Prove you're you," says Severus challengingly. "And not just a portrait some mad artist decided to paint."

Voldemort sighs, as though he expected Severus's request but is still disappointed by it. "I will do that, and in so doing, provide a demonstration of good faith."

Voldemort steps forward in his frame, growing larger, and raises a hand until his palm is flat against an invisible wall—the canvas barrier between the portrait and real life. "Hold up your left arm and place your palm against mine."

It occurs to Severus that this might be a terrible idea, but he obeys, and reaches forward until his own palm is pressed against the canvas.

"I release you from your oaths, Severus Snape," Voldemort breaths. A tingling feeling travels through Severus's palm, up through his arm, and settles beneath the faint outline of the Dark Mark.

Severus waits a few heartbeats, but nothing else happens.

"You must release yourself, too," says Voldemort. "You must give my magic back to me."

"I retract my vows of service to you, and release your magic," Severus intones. As he speaks, he watches the Dark Mark swirl on his arm. It seems to shrink within his skin. He thinks he can feel it travel through his arm and out his palm, and there is a flash of black light. Voldemort staggers slightly backward into the brown grass.

Severus stares at his unblemished skin for a long time. He cannot process whatever he is feeling about this.

When Severus looks back up, the portrait is empty.

 

Harry comes and finds Severus in his private rooms later that night.

"Are you okay?" the boy asks Severus earnestly as Severus makes him sit down on the sofa, cradling a cup of tea.

"Yes," Severus replies, and thinks he might mean it, too. "Are you?"

"I suppose," says Harry, but he looks less like he means it.

He sits in silence for a while, and Severus lets him. He doesn't prod.

"Am I murderer?" Harry suddenly blurts out.

Severus taps his fingers on the table, thinking hard. The boy is just eleven, after all, and Severus will neither lie to him nor downplay his trauma. But also, he does not really think the boy is a murderer.

"If someone deliberately takes a potion for a year that makes him ill when he smells a certain brand of perfume, and you walk by him wearing that perfume, have you killed him?" Severus finally says, watching Harry carefully.

"Er..." says Harry. He is bright enough to see this not-so-carefully-disguised analogy for what it is. "No, but once I realize my perfume is killing him, and I stick around, at that point it's my fault, right?"

"It would be more accurate to say that he realized it, and had the power to leave, and chose to keep trying to hurt you instead," corrects Severus. "And the headmaster thinks that what truly killed Quirrell was the Dark Lord leaving him, rather than anything you did."

Harry isn't thrown by the transition away from the perfume analogy. "But if I hadn't harmed Quirrell, You-Know-Who wouldn't have had to leave him."

Severus drums his fingers on the table again. "All right," he agrees. "Say that while this man is suffering from your perfume, another person comes by and stabs him. The man was so weak, the wound killed him at once. Is it really you, or is the knife wielder who is the murderer?"

Harry sighs. "I would say everyone contributed a little to the death. The person himself for taking that poison all year. Me for knowing my perfume hurt, but inflicting it on him anyway. And definitely the knife wielder for stabbing him."

"And where does your contribution stack up in terms of culpability?"

"Pretty low on the scale," Harry finally agrees.

Severus nods. "Right. And to answer your original question, I don't think that makes you a murderer. Murder implies premeditation and lack of justification—" Severus pauses.

"Yes, I know what those words mean," says Harry hastily. "I didn't plan to kill Quirrell, I didn't even know I was doing it, and I had a good reason for doing what I did."

Severus nods again. "It was an accident," Severus says gently.

"Sir, how come Quirrell made you collapse like that?" Harry asks, finally willing to switch subjects. "You know so much vicious magic and you didn't use any of it."

Severus sighs, and rubs his forehead with a palm.

"I suppose it's time I confessed," he says. "I'm rather surprised you haven't already heard this, as it's common knowledge, at least in Slytherin. I—well, I used to be a Death Eater. The Dark Lord has ways of harming his followers that—that have no defense, shall we say."

Harry stares at Severus, his mouth open slightly.

"I stopped being loyal to the Dark Lord a long time ago," Severus continues quietly. "And—having thwarted him yesterday like that—he knows it now. Dumbledore has always hoped that I can take up my place at the Dark Lord's side as a spy when he returns, but that will never be possible now."

Severus thinks of the blank skin on his forearm, but he doesn't know how to talk about that, much less how to think about it, so he doesn't try.

Harry is still staring at him.

"If you wish to stay elsewhere for the summer, we can arrange something," Severus sighs. "Professor McGonagall will be happy to have you. I think the Grangers would as well, and likely the Weasleys. As long as they're all prepared to take the same precautions for secrecy that I do."

"Oh," says Harry, his voice very small. "I—if you don't want me, I—"

"It is not that," interrupts Severus sternly. "I do want you. I care for you. I would like you to spend the summer with me. I just want you to understand that it isn't a choice between me and the Dursleys."

"Okay," says Harry softly. "I—no, I want to spend the summer with you."

"Very well," Severus agrees gravely. "I'll meet you in the Muggle part of King's Cross, just past the magical barrier. We will visit Petunia to have her to sign another permission form, just to be safe."

"I can't wait," the boy says, and his wry smile tells Severus he still needs to think about the whole Death Eater thing, but that the trust is not gone.

 

Madam Pomfrey makes Harry sit out the Quidditch game that weekend, which is devastating to Harry and to the Gryffindor Quidditch team's chances. Gryffindor's reserve Seeker does not have Harry's speed or skill, and Ravenclaw wins handily. Harry watches glumly from the stands, but Severus does not at all miss watching Harry dart recklessly through the sky, making Severus's heart pound in fear for Harry's safety.

At the end-of-year feast, the Great Hall is decked out in Slytherin colors as tribute to its winning the House Cup for the seventh year in a row.

Gryffindor would have come in dead last, except that Dumbledore begins the feast by proclaiming Harry a hero and awarding him fifty points. He likewise awards Ron and Hermione ten points each for loyalty and bravery. It is enough to pull Gryffindor out of last place, though not enough to put it in first place. Anyway, that isn't the point the headmaster is making—no, the point is that the headmaster is thrilled that the precious Boy Who Lived has Lived Up to His Title.

It makes Severus sick, but Harry just smiles and ducks his head, looking pleased by the praise.

Another thing Severus will have to do something about, and soon. The boy is not going to be pressured into believing he must save the world, by Dumbledore or anyone else.
Chapter 6: Not a Very Hard Choice
Chapter Text

The day before the students leave on the Hogwarts Express, McGonagall visits Severus's rooms.

"Good evening, Minerva," says Severus politely, gesturing her to the sofa. "Tea?"

"No thank you," she says, a little stiffly. It is not her usual manner with Severus, so he sits down himself and waits for her to speak.

"I expressed some concern to Albus about the Dursleys," McGonagall says, sounding like she is admitting a guilty secret. "I said Harry Potter seemed reluctant to return to his relatives this summer, and I mentioned the address on his Hogwarts letter—you know the one. The Cupboard under the Stairs."

Severus sighs, and bows his head over his hands in his lap. "I suppose you thought that was for the best," he says, a little gloomily. He would never have opened his mouth about Harry's living situation to Albus Dumbledore.

"Well, it was... enlightening," says McGonagall. She sounds old and weary.

"Do tell," Severus prompts her, but he is still speaking to his hands.

"Albus told me... that he knew," she says, her voice very low. "He knew Harry suffered. He knew he would, when he left the babe on the doorstep of those dratted Muggles. He knew, and I quote, 'I was condemning Harry to ten dark and difficult years.'"

Severus's stomach twists. He did not think better of the headmaster, not really. Not after all Severus has been through with the man. But to have it confirmed....

"He said he knew many wizarding families would have been honored and delighted to raise Harry as a son, but that they would not have been capable of keeping him safe. Death Eaters were still at large when the Potters died, and Albus knew You-Know-Who would be back, and that You-Know-Who's knowledge of magic is more extensive than any wizard alive. That Albus felt even he is not capable of designing protective spells and charms to keep Harry safe from You-Know-Who."

Severus raises his head to shoot McGonagall a puzzled look. "And yet those Muggle relatives of his can?"

"That's what Albus claims," says McGonagall softly. "When Lily died to save Harry, she gave him a lingering protection that flows in his veins to this day. That protection lives in Lily's sister, her only remaining relative. When Petunia took Harry in, she sealed the charm Albus placed on the child. Lily's sacrifice made the bond of blood the strongest shield Albus could devise."

Severus's mouth falls open a little.

"While Harry can still call home the place where his mother's blood dwells, he cannot be harmed by You-Know-Who when he is there. Harry needs to return only once a year. And, apparently, Petunia knows this. Albus explained what he had done in the letter he left, with the child, on the Dursleys' doorstep. Petunia knew that allowing Harry in her house may have kept him alive during his childhood."

Severus closes his eyes. He does not know what to think of this story.

"That's madness," he says finally. "What a convoluted mess."

"I know," says McGonagall. "But it's too late now. The protection is sure to be broken. Harry's not called Petunia's place 'home' since you took him from there last July."

"He certainly has not," Severus agrees. "And he never will again. I'm not sure I—I'm not sure I'd force Harry back there even if I thought it could still protect him."

McGonagall swallows. "It would be a difficult call," she says.

"Not really," Severus disagrees. "I will know at once, if the Dark Lord is restored to a body. Harry is safe most of the year at Hogwarts. And if it happens during the summer, well... Harry and I can flee."

McGonagall hums noncommittally. She digests that for a while, then points out the obvious flaw in Severus's reasoning. "If he returns, Severus, you would be bound to him again. You would be the person the worst placed to protect Harry."

Severus shrugs uncomfortably. "I'll have time to at least hand Harry off to you, or the Weasleys, or even god forbid Petunia Dursley, before I go off to do something suicidal upon the Dark Lord's return."

McGonagall sits up very straight and fixes Severus with a sharp look. "Is that your plan for his return, Severus? To kill yourself?"

"Er, no," backtracks Severus. "Although if I judged that it came down to suicide or being executed at his hands as a traitor, I would have no trouble choosing the former. But no. I have many other plans. It all depends on exactly what happens and when."

He knows instinctively he cannot share the story about the portrait of Lord Voldemort removing Severus's Dark Mark. McGonagall would never understand. She would go to Dumbledore at once.

"To knowingly place a child in an abusive home, against the possibility that someone may try to kill the child at some undetermined future date...." Severus trails off, not sure how open he wants to be in front of McGonagall. He blinks, and decides to go for it. "Whoever is capable of making that decision is someone who does not love this child."

McGonagall bows her head. "I cannot argue with that, Severus. So will you take him to your home for the summer?"

"He has said he wants to go with me," says Severus softly. "And as long as he wants to be in my home, he will be welcome there. This is not a very hard choice for me."

 

The children have all left on the train. Severus has packed up the items he wants for the summer, and has ducked into his office to grab a few more things, when he hears that voice again.

"Are you satisfied that I have given you your freedom, as promised?"

Severus drops the books he was holding, and slowly turns around. He can just make out the features of Lord Voldemort in the portrait on the back wall.

He has to take a few deep breaths to steady himself before he can gather the courage to walk towards the portrait.

"I am, my Lord," Severus says quietly, examining the portrait carefully. It looks the same as it had last week. "Why did you do it?"

It is not like Voldemort to give up an advantage he holds over someone.

"I told you why," and now Voldemort sounds impatient. "As a gesture of good faith, to prove I am myself, and because I need your help."

Severus raises one eyebrow. "You need my help?"

"Obviously," Voldemort says bitterly. "I am stuck here. I need your help researching the magic of portraiture to find a way to free me."

Severus crosses his arms and leans back slightly. "I know nothing about this area of magic."

"I am stuck in Hogwarts, and you are the only person here I can even begin to deal with." Voldemort is definitely bitter. "We have no choice. You are certainly capable of learning something new, and I have a few ideas for you to start with. Now tell me what you wish in exchange."

Severus lowers his eyes and stares at the stone floor for a long time. He doesn't dare help Voldemort leave this prison, does he? No matter what the man promises him.

But, he realizes, there is one thing in this world he would do anything for.

"I will help you," Severus finally agrees, looking back up at the portrait. "All I want is you to promise not to harm me when you are restored, and not to harm—not to harm the boy. Harry Potter."

Voldemort's face is inscrutable as he stares at Severus for a while. "I suppose I can agree to that," he says finally. "Provided that neither of you seek to harm me. Or—how did the prophecy word it? 'Vanquish' me. And you must first tell me the truth about why I no longer have your loyalty, and how you came to care about that boy, of all boys."

Severus closes his eyes. It is still difficult to discuss, even now. He braces himself, opens his eyes again, and speaks.

"When I asked you for Lily Potter's life, I let you believe it was because I wished to take her as revenge for marrying my childhood enemy," he says, and his knows his voice is hollow and his face is lined. "But that was untrue. It was because I loved her nearly all my life, since the time we were children, and I never wished for anything in this world so much as I did for her to live. And you killed her."

The office is silent. Severus makes himself go on.

"When she died, I vowed to protect the only thing left of her. Her son."

That is all he can bring himself to say on the matter for now. The office is silent, but for Severus's breathing.

Voldemort finally moves, and his lip curls in contempt as he speaks. "Such sentiment, Severus. I wish I did not believe it. But I do believe it, and I only wish I had seen it coming."

Severus stays silent.

"You should have made it clear ahead of time that it was the girl's life or your loyalty," says Voldemort coldly.

A burst of wild, undignified laughter escapes Severus, and then it is gone as quickly as it came. "Why, so you could have killed me on the spot? Merry Christmas to Severus Snape."

Voldemort decided to hunt the Potters down on Christmas Day, 1980.

Voldemort surveys Severus through narrowed eyes for a few moments. "I might have chosen to keep you," he says, and his voice is milder.

Severus makes a skeptical noise.

"I am capable of being pragmatic about these things, Severus," Voldemort continues. "I would not expect to keep Lucius Malfoy's loyalty if I slaughtered his wife and son, for instance."

Severus has spent nearly eleven years in bitter recriminations over his actions leading to Lily's death. He will not add this one to the heap. The Dark Lord, not Severus, is Lily's killer. Severus never saw any indication from the Dark Lord's actions that he could be trusted to such an extent—with the truth that Severus loved a Muggle-born. So Severus stays silent.

"Enough," says Voldemort after a pause. "To business. The Hogwarts library has nothing that would aid you on this search. Start with the Durmstrang library; Karkaroff may be a coward and a traitor, but he will let you in. Alexandria is always worth a trip. The most comprehensive library on Dark Arts in the world is in San Francisco. You will need Parseltongue to enter it or an equivalent trick. The easiest solution is probably to bring a snake that I have trained to—"

Severus feels overwhelmed.

"Woah," he interrupts. "Slow down. I've never left Britain in my life. I don't know how to travel internationally without detection. I have no idea where Dumstrang is. I'll need a bit more help than just names of places."

Voldemort's lip curls again. "For such an eager scholar as yourself, that is pathetic."

Severus sighs, and accepts the criticism as valid. He returns to his desk and pulls out a piece of parchment, then walks back over to the portrait. "Okay, start again, from the beginning, please."
Chapter 7: A Happy Summer
Chapter Text

Severus meets Harry later that day at King's Cross, exactly as promised. Because the Knight Bus isn't a particularly good idea right now with the flood of Hogwarts students, even if the two of them were to wear disguises, Severus and Harry take a Muggle bus and then a train to Surrey.

Harry doesn't remark on it, but Severus can tell Harry is impressed his professor is so competent at navigating the Muggle way.

Severus smiles at the child. "My mother was a witch and my father a Muggle," he offers. "I grew up in both worlds."

Harry looks a little jealous at this. Severus does not want to explain just how not jealous Harry should be of Severus's childhood, so he drops the topic.

"Listen, Harry, I need to tell you something," Severus says carefully.

"What?"

"Professor McGonagall had a talk with Dumbledore recently," Severus explains. "She expressed concern about you returning to a bad situation at the Dursleys. And Dumbledore told her that he placed you in that house as a baby, because he was able to use your mother's sacrifice, and her relationship to Petunia, to erect blood protections so powerful that not even the Dark Lord can break them. As long as you call the Dursleys' place 'home,' and return once a year, the Dark Lord cannot touch you there."

Harry looks away from Severus. "Dumbledore left me with them?" he asks the window. "On purpose?"

Severus nods. "Yes. Personally, I don't think the blood protections are worth it, but I thought you deserved to know. According to Dumbledore, there is still time to renew the protections. If you think of it as home and spend some time there this summer."

"No," says Harry immediately, looking back at Severus again. "No, not unless You-Know-Who himself were waiting for us at your house to slaughter me."

Severus laughs. "I can promise you that is not the case."

Harry shakes his head. "No. I hate the Dursleys. They hate me. It isn't my home. Never again."

Severus nods. "Never again," he agrees solemnly.

They take a cab to Privet Drive, where Petunia Dursley answers the door and looks decidedly unhappy to see them, underscoring the truth of Harry's words on the train. Severus tells Harry he can wait outside if he wants, but the boy barges defiantly into the kitchen with the adults. Severus can't help feeling a small amount of satisfaction when he sees how angry this makes Petunia.

"When are you going to stop this charade?" she demands.

Severus gives her a nasty smile. "When Harry is seventeen," he says smoothly.

Her lips go thin and her face twitches, but she signs the paper, ripping the pen across it a little too hard. "It's for the best, of course," she says, clearly aiming to hurt her nephew. "We don't want your sort around Dudley anyway."

"Good thing we don't want to be around that fat arse either," Harry shoots right back.

"Language, Mr. Potter," Severus drawls, but he doesn't try to hide his amusement.

Petunia's face grows even more white and pinched, and Severus decides it's time to leave. He hands a fine golden chain out to Harry. The chain has a small lion hanging from it.

"The lion is a Portkey," Severus explains, ignoring Petunia's spluttering behind him. "When we touch it and say 'Spinner's End,' we will be transported home. It's, er, unpleasant the first time, but it's a lot faster than four hours on a Muggle train. Be sure to keep a firm hold on your trunk."

Carefully, Harry reaches out and takes the chain, and together, he and Severus grasp the lion pendant. Severus intones the phrase 'Spinner's End,' and when they appear inside his house, Harry falls to the floor with a small grunt.

Severus reaches out a hand and helps him up. "Portkeys are one of the few methods of magical transportation that are both instantaneous, and safe for underage wizards," he explains. "Although they can sometimes cause Portkey sickness. Do you feel any nausea? Irrational hysteria?"

Harry is breathing hard, but other than that, seems calm. He shakes his head.

"Good," says Severus. "I want you to wear that necklace at all times, especially when you are outside of Hogwarts, please. Touching the lion will always transport you here. You are only to use it in an emergency, of course."

"Cool," says Harry, looking at the lion in interest. "Why don't we use Portkeys for everything instead of the Knight Bus?"

"Unregistered Portkeys are illegal," Severus explains. "I registered this one with the Ministry, who were happy to approve it because it points to one place, and one place only—the house I've registered as my residence in my official file. They would be less likely to approve, for example, a Portkey that can take us to King's Cross on September 1. They don't really want children regularly using Portkeys, because of the adverse side-effects that can occur."

"Then they don't know I have this one?" Harry asks curiously.

"They do not," answers Severus. "So don't misuse it."

"I won't," Harry promises solemnly, and places the chain over his head and tucks the lion under his shirt.

 

Their second summer together starts peacefully. Harry's friends send him regular letters by owl, and he talks to Hermione and Justin on the phone again. Severus is a little surprised to hear Harry is still talking to Justin, as Severus hadn't observed them interacting much during the school year, but he thinks it's a good thing that Harry stays in touch with his Muggle-born friends.

Several times a week, Severus takes Harry south of the river and into the countryside where they can fly on brooms, zooming over vast stretches of farmland, out of the sight of Muggles. Severus does not particularly enjoy flying, and never has. But Harry does, and Severus isn't about to let Harry go off by himself.

Halfway into July, Harry gets an invitation from Ron to visit the Burrow. Ron's letter hints that he mostly thinks that Harry ought to get away from the Muggles, but Severus judges it a sincere gesture nonetheless.

"You should go, if you want. You can stay with them for the last couple weeks of August and visit Diagon Alley and travel to King's Cross together," Severus offers. "It'll help cover our own tracks."

Harry likes this plan, and writes Ron back at once to propose it.

Harry's twelfth birthday arrives, and he is once again surprised to find presents for him on the kitchen table in the morning. Severus wonders how many years it will take the boy to get used to it. Harry has also received gifts from Justin, Ron, and Hermione, and he is over-enthused about it all. Later, Harry and Severus go flying, and then Severus proposes Harry pick somewhere fun to eat out. Harry wants McDonalds, which makes Severus raise an eyebrow, and then he remembers that Harry is only twelve, after all, and that the Dursleys probably never let him eat things like that.

Severus goes to bed thinking that the day was a success, until he hears a blood-curling scream erupt from upstairs. He nearly falls out of bed, races up the steps to the loft two at a time, and flings open the door to Harry's bedroom, wand out.

Harry is standing against the wall of his room, looking panicked at something on the bed.

Sitting on the bed is a little creature with large, bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the size of tennis balls.

Severus trains his wand on the thing and squints at it. House-elf magic is powerful, he knows, and on a different level than that of wizards. If a house-elf has come to attack Harry, Severus will probably resort to his Cutting Curse again—for lack of a better education on the topic of what spells work against house-elves.

"I'm sorry for screaming," Harry apologizes nervously, making no move to leave the wall. "But what is it?"

"Lucius Malfoy's house-elf," Severus answers crisply. "Elf! What do you think you're doing here?"

If Lucius finds out that Harry Potter is living in Severus's house, there will be hell to pay.

"What's a house-elf?" Harry asks before the elf can speak.

"House-elves serve wizarding families," Severus says calmly, but his eye and wand are still fixed on the elf. "They are bound to one house and one family, and keep its secrets and its silence. They tend to live in manors and castles, and I have no idea what someone else's house-elf would be doing here."

Harry is frowning through this explanation. "Er, what's your name, then?" Harry asks the elf.

"Dobby, sir," the elf finally answers, his voice a high-pitched squeak. "Dobby is here to warn Harry Potter! Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts, sir!"

Harry seems flabbergasted by this; Severus is quicker to ask another question. "Did Lucius send you?"

"No, sir, Dobby will have to punish himself for this, sir, most grievously. Dobby's family cannot know Dobby is here!"

Severus narrows his eyes even further. "A house-elf cannot disobey his master," he says sharply.

"Dobby's family has not forbidden Dobby to visit Harry Potter," Dobby answers in a voice that has become almost sly. "Dobby's family does not imagine they need to, sir. But Dobby is forbidden to tell anyone the precise details of master's business! Dobby can only tell Harry Potter that there is a plot, a plot to make most terrible things happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year," whispers Dobby, suddenly trembling all over. "Dobby has known it for months, sir. Harry Potter must not put himself in peril. He is too important, sir!"

"What terrible things?" Harry asks at once. "Who's plotting them?"

Dobby makes a funny choking noise and then bangs his head frantically against the wall.

Harry stares at him in astonishment.

"Stop, Dobby," Severus orders. Mercifully, Dobby does stop.

"Dobby tried to take Harry Potter's mail, to stop Harry Potter from going to Hogwarts, but Dobby could not do it. Harry Potter lives with a powerful wizard and Dobby could not get the mail. Dobby punished himself over and over and Dobby still could not do it!"

Dobby is wailing now, and Severus is thoroughly sick of it all. "Get out my house," he snaps. "And if you breathe a word of this to Lucius, I will find you and kill you."

"Dobby will leave, sir, if Harry Potter gives Dobby his word that he will not return to Hogwarts. Ah, sir, this is a danger he must not face! Say you won't go back, sir!"

"Silence," Severus snaps, and trains his wand on Dobby. There is a flash, and a bang, and to Severus's pleased surprise, he finds the Banishing Spell does indeed work on house-elves.

Severus looks at Harry, who is shaking. Severus sighs, guides the boy back downstairs, sits him down at the kitchen table, and makes a pot of tea.

"I'll find a protective enchantment that keeps house-elves out of here," Severus promises tiredly. "In the meantime...."

It would have been safer to kill the elf instead of Banishing it, but Severus reminds himself he could not possibly have contemplated doing such violence to a non-aggressive, sentient creature in front of Harry.

"I have to go back to Hogwarts!" Harry says, and he sounds actually upset.

"Naturally you do," says Severus calmly, and places his hands on the child's shoulders. "A silly house-elf certainly won't stop you from going back."

Harry gives him a tentative smile, which fades away quickly. "What if it was a crazy plot by Malfoy to spy on us?"

Severus sighs. "We'll deal with any crises as they come," he says, which is really just a way of saying he has no idea what they'll do.

 

Severus goes back to Hogwarts in the beginning of August to intercept Harry's school letter before the owl can leave the castle. He thinks this was rather clever of him, and even manages to avoid Dumbledore while at the castle.

In mid-August, he takes Harry back to Privet Drive. After Severus makes Petunia sign her permission for Harry to go to the Weasleys, Severus allows the Dursleys to flee, ceding the sitting room to the two wizards as they sit and wait for the Weasleys to arrive.

Severus has no expectations for what transportation the Weasleys are likely to choose, and yet he's still surprised when an old turquoise Ford Anglia pulls up on the street outside.

Severus stands, gives Harry a quick one-armed squeeze around his shoulders and a promise to see him at Hogwarts, and withdraws before the Weasleys can see him.

Harry meets Arthur Weasley at the front door, and is gone before the Dursleys even realize someone was there. Severus unobtrusively Disapparates from the kitchen.

 

Harry loves the Burrow. It's a house that's far more blatantly magical than Spinner's End, and the Weasley family is huge and welcoming. He shares a room with Ron and has a blast, even though he sometimes misses the quiet moments in Professor Snape's house when Harry would sit and listen while Professor Snape speaks about potions and magical theory and patiently answers every question Harry can think of.

Harry's inexperience with Floo powder—Severus never tried to Floo with him anywhere—means he ends up in Knockturn Alley and has to hide from the Malfoys, but Hagrid rescues him and all is well in the end. The trip to Diagon Alley is further complicated by meeting a crazy Gilderoy Lockhart, who's going to be Harry's new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, and by Arthur Weasley and Lucius Malfoy getting into a fist fight. That's scary, but Harry is somewhat relieved that Malfoy shows no signs of hinting at knowing something important and damaging about Harry's home life.
Chapter 8: The Chamber of Secrets
Chapter Text

Meanwhile, Severus devotes the last two weeks of the summer to hunting down information about magical portraits all over the world, as he promised.

Undetected international travel, it turns out, involves a lot of Apparition, flying on broomsticks, and Disillusionment Charms. The most difficult is to cross the Atlantic—Apparating over large bodies of water is impossible; international Portkeys are heavily regulated; and Severus doesn't want his trip to be on anyone's books. So he flies on a Muggle airplane under a fake name, which involves the use of a lot of Confundus Charms.

The Dark Arts library in San Francisco is disturbing even by a Death Eater's standards. It's on a tiny, forbidding-looking island in the middle of the bay that Muggles used to use as a notorious prison. The entrance—which Muggles can't see, of course—is in the middle of a rocky cliff, with most of the library underground. Severus has brought along a small pet snake, whom Voldemort has taught to speak an entrance password on cue. Severus is able to thus access the library, but there are no workers waiting to help him inside. It takes all his considerable talent in dealing with malignant books and his skill in dodging curses to navigate these shelves. There are no anti-copying charms here; the library is happy to have its knowledge spread around the globe in the name of darkness and chaos.

Karkaroff isn't very welcoming when Severus visits Durmstrang, but Voldemort's prediction was accurate: Severus is able to convince Karkaroff that the man owes it to Severus, after his betrayal of Severus's identity as a Death Eater to the Wizengamot. In the end, Karkaroff judges it easiest to give Severus what he wants to get rid of him.

The Library of Alexandria is a place Severus could spend an entire lifetime. He hates to simply make copies of the books he needs and run, but he will be in deep trouble if he does not report to Hogwarts on September 1. (The library has stringent anti-duplication charms on its books, but Voldemort has accurately described to Severus exactly how to bypass these charms.)

Severus barely manages to make it back to England before the start-of-term feast. He skips his usual packing at Spinner's End—he'll deal with it later—and is already exhausted and in a foul mood, when he hears the news that Harry Potter was not on the train from London.

He is panicking when he leaves the Great Hall and is making his way down to his chambers, to Floo back to his house where he can investigate better, when he hears the boys' familiar voices.

He whirls around. Harry and Ron are looking into the Great Hall, speculating about Severus's absence.

Severus is not very kind when he hauls the boys down to his office to harangue them. He calls Dumbledore and McGonagall to join them, knowing that they were also extremely worried. Harry swears, over and over, that the barrier at King's Cross sealed itself and they had no other choice, but he also displays the judgment of a twelve-year-old when he insists that a bloody flying car was the best available option.

Severus tries to lecture them about violating Wizarding law and risking their foolish necks, but he mostly feels overwhelming relief that no one attacked them while they were flying unsupervised over the entirety of Britain.

McGonagall gives both boys a detention, and makes them stay in Severus's office to eat. Severus thinks that is a pathetic punishment, but he keeps his mouth shut. He just scowls without comment.

Severus is more impressed by Mrs. Weasley's Howler the next morning. She has a talent for those, and Severus admires talent wherever it is found.

 

Classes start, and the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor is—predictably—a joke. Gilderoy Lockhart and Severus end up getting into a bit of a tiff over who will supervise Harry's detention for the flying car. Severus wants to use the opportunity to try to get through the boy's head about how dangerous the flying car stunt was, and Lockhart apparently wants to get close to Harry because he views the boy as another path to fame and glory for Lockhart. Normally, Hogwarts professors do not vie with one another over who has to give up their evening to supervise a detention, so there is no procedure for handling it. Severus tells Lockhart he can have Harry's next detention, and sweeps away as though the matter is settled.

It works; Harry comes down to the dungeons that night for detention.

Severus has Harry scrub caldrons and makes him talk through what happened. It was the Weasleys' lack of organization that had them running extremely late in the first place, meaning Ron and Harry were the only Hogwarts students or family members trapped on the other side of the barrier. Severus agrees that it would have been scary to be stranded in Muggle London, and Harry in turn agrees they could simply have sat down and waited for adult wizards to start leaving platform nine-and-three-quarters. Or sent an owl to Hogwarts, as McGonagall suggested. Severus also explains that if they had waited so long in the middle of the train station as to begin to wonder where they would spend the night, then that would be a situation in which it would make sense to use the lion portkey, even if that would have meant giving up their secret to Ron Weasley.

Neither of them can come up with any theory as to why the platform barrier sealed itself.

 

Severus begins to suspect that Halloween is actively cursed.

Harry is not at the feast, which Severus does not find suspicious; it would make sense for the boy to want to be alone on this day. But then after the feast, there is a horrible commotion on the second floor, where Harry, Ron, and Hermione have apparently found a petrified cat and a nasty message painted on the wall about the chamber of secrets from "the Heir."

After Dumbledore debriefs the students in Lockhart's office, Severus orders Harry to come to the dungeons with him. He pretends it's to continue investigating what Harry was doing wandering the corridors, but it's really because he can tell Harry is very disturbed and probably shouldn't be left alone just now.

"I heard a voice," Harry mumbles. "A voice Ron and Hermione can't hear. It said it's so hungry, for so long, and it wants to rip, tear, to—kill. It led me right to Mrs. Norris and the message about the chamber of secrets."

Severus doesn't know what to say, but then there is laughter coming from behind him. It's high and cold, and—

Severus whirls around, wand raised at the portrait in the back of his office that hasn't tried to speak to him since term started.

"Is Harry Potter a Parselmouth?" Voldemort asks, sounding both amused and affronted.

Severus lowers his wand and swallows. "How did you know?"

"Something was petrified in the castle tonight, there was a message about the chamber of secrets, and I too can hear a voice in Parseltongue in the castle walls, threatening violence. It's fairly obvious what the voice is, Severus." Voldemort's tone has become condescending.

Harry has moved around the desk to stand next to Severus, and now he too is peering at the portrait. "Er, Professor, you don't seriously—er—have a portrait of You-Know-Who in your office, do you?"

"It's not a portrait," Severus explains quietly. "The theory is that Dumbledore cast some spell that caused the Dark Lord to be trapped in a painting when he left Quirrell's body last term."

"Bloody hell," Harry breathes, and Severus can't bring himself to reprimand the boy for his language under these circumstances.

"Why don't you share with us what's so obvious to you about the voice?" Severus suggests, addressing the portrait again.

Voldemort narrows his eyes and regards the two of them thoughtfully. "I don't think so," he says. "No. But you will need to write a letter to Lucius Malfoy."

"A letter," repeats Severus flatly. "To Lucius Malfoy."

"Yes," Voldemort answers calmly. "Tell him you know he gave away the artifact that Lord Voldemort told him he must keep safe at all costs. Tell him you might keep this knowledge to yourself if he tells you which Hogwarts student he gave it to."

Severus sighs. "You gave Lucius an item that will cause the chamber of secrets to be opened at Hogwarts," he surmises, feeling weary to the bone.

Voldemort nods.

"What's the chamber of secrets?" Harry asks innocently.

Severus gestures back to the chair, indicating that Harry should sit down, and then he explains.

Harry isn't wholly satisfied with the explanation. "But what's the 'monster within'?"

Severus shrugs. "Perhaps the Dark Lord will tell you. No one else knows."

And Harry—bless his ridiculous courage and absurd lack of common sense—stands back up and moves closer to Voldemort's portrait. "What's the monster in the chamber of secrets? Something that can be controlled with Parseltongue?"

"Quite right, Harry Potter," Voldemort answers him. "But that is all I will say on the subject."

Harry sees sense for once in his life, and doesn't push it.

Severus walks Harry back up to Gryffindor Tower.

"It's bizarre that You-Know-Who is trapped in a portrait here," says Harry thoughtfully. "Are you sure Dumbledore knows about it?"

"We haven't spoken on the matter," says Severus in a low voice. "But I cannot think of how the Dark Lord can be trapped here without it having been Dumbledore's doing. I don't think he has revealed himself to very many inhabitants of the castle. The Dark Lord has informed me that he is unwelcome in most of the portraits here, and the reason he visits my office is because the sheep that are normally painted there cannot stop him."

Harry raises his eyebrows. "Is that really why, or is he trying to get you back on his side?"

"Of course he's trying to get me back," Severus sighs. "It's the only thing he can possibly try right now."

"Will you promise you won't serve him again?" Harry says, looking at Severus very seriously with eyes that are not a twelve-year-old's.

Severus returns the gaze in kind. "I promise I will never be a Death Eater again, Harry. But I probably will write that letter to Lucius Malfoy. If we can find out who has a Dark artifact and confiscate it, it will be worth it."

Harry doesn't say anything else, but he doesn't look very reassured, either.

 

Lucius responds to Severus's letter immediately. His response contains only two words: Ginevra Weasley.

That was a much more prompt, obedient response than Severus expected. Severus's letter must have frightened Lucius indeed.

Severus doesn’t look a gift horse in the mouth. Severus gives the young Miss Weasley detention during her next Potions class for no good reason, which is perfectly in character for him and so not suspicious at all. He sits her down in his office to write lines on potions safety.

Meanwhile, he grabs her bookbag without permission and dumps its contents on his desk.

Voldemort has told Severus what to look for, and he finds it right away: a small black book with an inscription on the first page that says T.M. Riddle.

"That's mine!" cries the girl. "You can't just take it from me!"

"It's not yours, Miss Weasley," Severus answers shortly. "Did you purchase it legitimately from a store?"

Her eyes are wide and frightened, and she is trembling, but she can't say anything else.

"It already has its hooks in her," says the voice from the portrait in the back of the office. "You must exorcise it."

Severus shudders, but he instinctively obeys without questioning the orders. He stuns the child, and casts anti-possession spells on her until Voldemort tells him to stop.

"She will be out for a while," says Voldemort in a voice that is almost soft. "Bring her to the hospital wing and tell Pomfrey the girl fainted while writing lines. There will be no more attacks on anything in the castle. In the meantime, keep the diary somewhere inaccessible and undetectable. Do not give it to anyone. Do not touch it. Do not write in it. I shall want it when I have my body back."

Severus obeys.

It takes him a while to even register that he is obeying his former master so thoroughly and instinctively.
Chapter 9: Lily and Petunia
Chapter Text

Severus assures Harry there will be no more petrification.

Harry convinces his friends to wait on the idea of brewing Polyjuice Potion until there is another attack, because right now, it could just be an isolated prank on Filch with an eerie message to throw people off the scent.

Dobby, unfortunately, does not get that message. He ensorcells a Bludger to attack Harry during Quidditch. Lockhart screws up a healing spell in spectacular fashion. Severus is furious and demands that Harry be removed from the Quidditch team—the number of matches that have endangered his life is greater than those that have not, at this point. Everyone thinks Severus is just trying to weaken the Gryffindor team, and blows him off.

When Harry tells Severus it was Dobby, Severus is sorely tempted to write another blistering letter to Lucius. But he remembers that Dobby knows their secret, and decides to leave Dobby alone... for now. Perhaps the elf will come to his senses when no more attacks take place in Hogwarts.

Lockhart continues his campaign to be as obnoxious as possible when he starts the Dueling Club. Someone—probably McGonagall—has decided it would be very funny if Lockhart were to approach Severus for help. Severus would rather cut off Lockhart's arm than duel him in a manner carefully calculated to teach schoolchildren, but he agrees to help anyway.

It's chaos, and children get hurt, and Severus makes snide comments about this is why Hogwarts doesn't have a dueling club.

Since Severus knows Harry is a Parselmouth, he does not suggest that anyone cast a serpent-summoning spell.

Christmas at the castle is tolerable, if you ask Severus, or pleasant, if you ask Harry. Harry receives another good pile of presents, including a scarf from Severus made out of the same material as last year's. This year's color is a soft golden yellow.

Harry notices this year, at Christmas dinner, that the Slytherins who have stayed in the castle for Christmas are sporting familiar, soft gold scarves.

Harry finds himself pleased to be included in Severus's traditions for his own House, but is also glad he didn't wear the scarf to dinner. Explaining that to Draco Malfoy would've been awfully awkward.

Term starts again, and Voldemort's word remains good: no one is attacked. Sprout is working on raising mandrakes that will restore Filch's cat, and all seems peaceful.

The peace is slightly interrupted by Lockhart making himself obnoxious for Valentine's Day, but luckily no one tries to send Severus a singing valentine.

He would have sliced anyone to ribbons if they tried.

Over Easter, Harry comes to Severus for advice on which classes to sign up for in third year.

Severus gives Harry an honest appraisal of the classes, but his disdain for Divination, and his admiration of Arithmancy and its professor, leaks through his attempts to be objective.

Harry ends up taking Care of Magical Creatures, to be with Ron, and Arithmancy, out of a genuine excitement for the subject. Hermione signs up for everything.

The Gryffindor-Hufflepuff Quidditch match passes without anyone attacking Harry, which does a lot to improve Severus's mood. And the portrait of the Dark Lord does not appear in his office all term, which is also nice.

Just before exams, Sprout has the Mandrakes ready for cutting, which means Severus can brew a Mandrake Restorative Draught, and that makes the castle's caretaker extremely happy.

Severus is looking forward to the end of the year primarily in the sense that it will also mean Lockhart's end. For surely, this is not the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher destined to break the curse. All Severus's hopes are fulfilled when a wild story runs around the castle after the second years sit their Dark Arts exams: Lockhart tried to assign Mr. Weasley a practical demonstration, and apparently Mr. Weasley had been using a broken wand all year. The practical demonstration—whatever it was originally supposed to be—ended up going wild, striking the professor in the face, and causing him to lose consciousness. When Pomfrey revived him, he did not know who he was or where he was.

A better person than Severus would recognize that this punishment was out of proportion to the sin of being an obnoxious prick, but Severus has never claimed to be a very good person. And then Dumbledore shares his thoughts about Lockhart with the rest of the staff, which involved Lockhart using Memory Charms to steal the stories of heroic adventures from the witches and wizards who actually earned all those accomplishments in his books. And so Severus does not feel bad about Lockhart's fate at all, and he makes sure Harry and Ron know this story so that Ron does not have to feel bad about it either.

At the end-of-year feast, Severus can't decide whether he's happier that Lockhart is gone, that no one has tried to kill Harry this year, or that Slytherin wins the House Cup for the eighth year in a row.

He has to come down from his high when he is doing his usual end-of-year routine, packing his office, and the occupant of the portrait on his back wall snarls at him.

"I have been patient, Severus. I have watched you cajole students who do not want to learn and devote your time to their nonsense all year. Where are my answers?"

Severus suppresses a groan. He approaches the portrait with caution. He is mindful that the portrait can affect reality outside its frame to a certain extent—it somehow removed his Dark Mark, after all—and that Voldemort is not the most patient person in existence.

"I did find a great deal of information on the subject in the libraries you told me to search, my Lord," Severus says placatingly. This was true; Severus now has all the knowledge necessary to create a magical portrait, if only he had a shred of artistic talent to go along with it. "I found the spell Dumbledore must have used to ensnare you. Typically, the spell can only be undone by its castor, though, so that was not very useful. I have tentatively concluded that there may be a few ways to bypass that requirement. But they all require knowing what happened to your original body. People whose consciousness is drawn into portraits typically leave a body behind."

"No one knows what happened to my body in 1981," says Voldemort, and he is frowning darkly. "It's gone."

"I'm aware," Severus agrees carefully.

Voldemort snarls at him again. "And you plan on doing what about it?"

"Er," Severus says, taking an involuntary step back. "It seems the next step would be to create some sort of body for you, even if a rudimentary one. I don't suppose you have any ideas on that topic?"

Voldemort taps his lips thoughtfully with two fingers. "It is indeed something I have given a lot of thought. Research it this summer, and we will discuss in the fall."

"Yes, my Lord," Severus says automatically, and he even bows his head slightly.

His heart is racing as he gathers his things from his office and returns to his rooms. This business of helping the Dark Lord was always going to be a terrible idea from the start, but Severus can't say he didn't know what he was getting into.

 

Harry and Severus repeat the same exercise they did at the end of his first year of school: Harry takes the Hogwarts Express to King's Cross and meets Severus in a prearranged location in the Muggle section of the station, and they travel by bus and train to Little Whinging. Severus performs a charm that makes Harry's trunk weigh nearly nothing, which makes everything more pleasant than it would be if traveling wholly by Muggle means.

And just like last year, Petunia is unhappy and unwelcoming when she opens the door to see the wizards on her doorstep. She ushers them in, afraid the neighbors will find out even though both Harry and Severus know perfectly well how to dress like Muggles and they blend in just fine.

Severus makes Petunia sign three forms this time: one for permission for Harry to stay with Severus, one for permission for Harry to stay with the Weasleys, and a third for permission to visit the village of Hogsmeade on certain weekends.

"That's the place where students purchase biting teacups and frog spawn to prank their sisters, isn't it?" Petunia says with a disapproving sniff. "You convinced our parents to sign this stupid form for Lily, against their better judgment."

It is true that Severus was around to explain the concept of Hogsmeade to Mr. and Mrs. Evans when Lily's form arrived the summer before their third year, but it is untrue that Mr. and Mrs. Evans had been in any way reluctant to sign it.

"If you're planning on telling me that Lily sat a biting teacup on you as a child, I shall be forced to call you a liar," Severus responds coldly. Lily would never have done that to her family, even as a joke. She would have understood that it would not be funny at all. As far as Severus was aware, Lily only purchased sweets and other nice gifts for Petunia from Hogsmeade.

On the other hand, James Potter would have thought it hilarious to give a biting teacup to a Muggle, and Severus is pretty sure that Petunia met James at least a couple times....

Petunia flushes. "She mentioned they were sold at that Hogsmeade place, and that's bad enough for me."

"You won't be seeing your nephew frequently enough to hear about what he does or doesn't buy there," Severus says. "Just sign the form, Tuney."

Petunia stiffens. "I hate that childish nickname," she says, her voice angry and cold.

Severus inclines his head. "Of course, Petunia," he says politely, even though that is news to Severus. Lily had called her sister 'Tuney' as long as Severus could remember.

"I'll sign it," says Petunia with a sniff. "If you promise to stay away from us."

"As always, we'll stay away from you for another year," says Severus tiredly.

Petunia nods and signs the form with an angry flourish.

Harry and Severus promptly take their Portkey to Spinner's End.

Harry is quiet as he unpacks his things in his room upstairs, and quiet over dinner, and quiet when Severus and Harry take their books out in the sitting room. Harry spreads out on the floor to work on his potions essay, but Severus notices after a while that Harry is just staring blankly at his parchment.

"Is something wrong?" Severus asks, concerned but trying to make the question casual, like Harry is free to deny it if he wants.

"Why does Aunt Petunia hate my mum so much?" Harry sounds thoroughly depressed.

Severus puts down his book and gives Harry his full attention. "That's a complicated question," he answers. "They were very close to each other when I met Lily and Petunia for the first time. I believe Petunia thought I was trying to steal Lily from her, because Lily became more interested in hanging out with me and learning about magic than in going to playgrounds and visiting their schoolfriends with her sister. Petunia was convinced I was lying to Lily about magic for a long time—probably until she saw Professor McGonagall perform magic to Mr. and Mrs. Evans when Lily got her Hogwarts letter."

Harry is staring at him with huge eyes, transfixed by the story.

"She'll never forgive me for telling you this, but I don't really care, because I'll never forgive her for the way she treated you as a child." Severus smiles thinly. "After Lily got her letter, Petunia wrote Dumbledore begging to be allowed to go to Hogwarts, too. Lily and I snuck into Petunia's room and found Dumbledore's reply. He praised her for her politeness but told her he could not override the admissions list generated by magical artifacts and wished her luck in her Muggle school."

"Oh," says Harry feelingly. "That's really sad. It would be horrible to be the Muggle sibling and know magic exists but it will never be for you."

"True," Severus agrees, "although we shouldn't let your aunt off so lightly. She could have dealt with her jealousy in healthy ways, instead of being cruel to her sister. Lily loved Petunia very much, and probably missed Petunia until the day she died."

Harry drops his eyes from Severus's and looks back at his parchment. He chews his lip for a while.

"What happened to their parents, my grandparents?" Harry asks after a while.

Severus thinks about ways to soften the truth, but there aren't really any. It's either be harsh or refuse to answer the question. "They were murdered by Death Eaters," Severus answers quietly.

The blood drains from Harry's face and he looks back up at Severus with a sharp stare. "Really? Why? When? How come Petunia survived?"

"So the newspaper said," says Severus, inclining his head slightly. "I am not completely sure why; it happened just a few weeks after you were born; and Petunia survived because she was not in the house with them. She had already moved to London."

"Which Death Eaters did it?" Harry asks, his voice shaking a little.

"I don't know," Severus answers. "If you want, I will ask the Dark Lord when we return to Hogwarts. If he's still there."

"Do you think he ordered their deaths?"

Severus shrugs. "I don't know. But I don't think Death Eaters could have acted without him at least knowing about it, so he would have these answers for you."

"How come you don't know?" Harry asks accusingly. "You said you were a Death Eater."

"I was," Severus says honestly. "But the Dark Lord always operated in secrecy. He preferred that we never knew the names of every one of our fellows or what they were doing."

"I can't think about Shrinking Solutions right now," Harry says and stands up abruptly. "I'm going to bed."

"Good night, Harry," Severus agrees as the boy storms upstairs. If he wants to be alone, Severus is happy to leave him alone.
Chapter 10: Summer Adventures
Chapter Text

Ron Weasley has somehow acquired access to a Muggle telephone, and when he calls, Severus can hear his side of the conversation because Ron is screaming into the receiver. It takes a while for Harry to convince him they can hear each other just fine without the shouting. Ron is obviously skeptical, but eventually won over by how much easier it makes communication compared to sending letters via owls.

Ron tells Harry about the Weasleys' summer plans: Mr. Weasley won the annual Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw, seven hundred Galleons! The family is going to use the gold to spend a month in Egypt where Ron's eldest brother, Bill, works as a curse breaker for Gringotts Wizarding Bank. Harry sounds legitimately thrilled for his friend rather than jealous.

Harry is a good kid, Severus thinks. Much more so than Severus was at that age.

Harry and Ron make plans to meet in London for school shopping the day before term starts. Right after Harry hangs up with Ron, the phone rings again, and it's Hermione. Severus doesn't hear her side of the conversation, of course, because Hermione understands telephone etiquette, but Harry tells Severus about it when he hangs up. Hermione is going to France with her parents, but she'll be back in London at the end of the summer to meet up with Ron and Harry at Diagon Alley.

Severus agrees that they'll figure out a way to get Harry to London at the end of August.

Severus doesn't give a lot of thought to what he says next before he says it.

"Would you like to go to Egypt, Harry?" he asks. "I need to visit the Library of Alexandria and I think it's something you'd enjoy seeing."

"Woah," says Harry, awed. "Yes! Absolutely! When can we leave?"

 

Severus and Harry decide they will take the trip on July 31, as Harry's birthday present.

Traveling internationally and staying under the radar is a lot more challenging with an underage wizard than traveling by himself. Severus decides, as long as they're breaking tons of laws, to break even more of them: he and Harry take broomsticks and fly east, and once they're over the North Sea and outside of the British Ministry's jurisdiction—and more importantly, its illegal-activity-monitoring charms—Severus creates a Portkey in midair and directs it to an area in the Mediterranean Sea just northwest of Alexandria, Egypt.

They appear over the water, and Harry manages to stay on his broomstick after using the Portkey, which Severus finds very impressive, and he tells Harry so.

"That is the modern city of Alexandria," Severus then explains, pointing to the coast. There are busy roads choked with cars, sidewalks bustling with pedestrians, and palm trees and ornate buildings lining the shore. "We don't want to encounter the Muggle or magical Egyptian authorities, so we'll just head to the library."

Harry stares at the bustle of the city for a while, clearly impressed. "It's not what I was expecting," he says, but doesn't explain how, and eventually turns back to Severus. "How do we get into the library if we're here illegally?"

"The library staff will neither know nor care about that," Severus assures him. "They're dedicated to their library and not much else. Come."

Severus has reoriented himself after the Portkey journey, and he is able to find the small bay that marks the location of the ancient library. He leads Harry to what appears to be a random spot in the bay, and then points at a patch of water that looks no different than any other.

"There's a tunnel there," Severus explains. "The library used to be aboveground, but the sea has taken it over and this is the only way to access it now. It will look like you're flying into the water, but you won't be. Just follow me closely."

Harry nods, his eyes shining at the adventure, and Severus dives. Harry is a better flier than Severus and has no trouble keeping up. The wind whips at their eyes, stinging, and only because he's done this before does Severus manage not to wince when he hits the surface of the ocean.

There is no ocean surface, for them, and Severus passes painlessly into an open tunnel. Behind him, Harry is still following closely. They fly down about twenty feet until they find themselves in a small room with rock walls and torches flickering in a non-existent wind, where they can dismount.

There is an imposing, heavy black door. Severus knocks on it and it opens silently.

"The Library of Alexandria, in its heyday two thousand years ago, was housed in a magnificent building akin to a palace," Severus tells Harry. "But because Alexandria was politically unstable for so long, wizards eventually had to hide the building to save it. They placed it underground, to protect it from the fires and wars that occasionally swept the city, and had to alter its protections again and again as the sea overtook the earth around it.

"So now, the Library of Alexandria houses the world's most extensive library in a series of dark, damp, narrow caves with ceilings so low in many places that even you will have to stoop to pass through."

When Severus and Harry enter, a wizard in blood-red robes appears out of the gloom. He inquires in Arabic whether he can help them, and Severus declines in the same language. (Severus does not speak Arabic, but he has memorized the proper phrases to navigate this place.) The wizard hands Severus and Harry two passes that will let them remove books and manuscripts from the shelves, but that also monitor their every move. Severus accepts them with thanks, and hands one to Harry.

Severus shows Harry how the pass is also a directory that lets them look up materials by name, title, author, date, subject matter, or keywords in the description. It includes a translator that will work in English when addressed in that language.

Harry is fascinated, and Severus lets him wander the library for a long time as Severus focuses on his own research. He doesn't explain to Harry what he's looking for, but he finds a few likely candidates and casts the spells that allow him to make and hide his illegal copies of the manuscripts.

"I could find so much here on the history of European medieval witch burning," Harry says wistfully as he follows Severus out of the library.

Severus shakes his head. "I can't predict how Binns would react to an essay that uses source material from the Library of Alexandria."

Harry laughs. "He probably wouldn't even read it."

When they emerge from the sea, Severus breaks out the picnic lunch he brought, which he shares with Harry while hovering on their broomsticks. After they finish eating, Severus suggests a detour to Cairo. "We're only about an hour away," he explains. "Disillusionment Charms will let us take a tour of the pyramids from the air. We shouldn't land, and we'll have to fly back to the sea to take our Portkey out of here, but I imagine the view will be worth it."

"Yes," Harry agrees emphatically.

The flight over the Nile delta is impressive, and Severus reflects that he would have missed it had he simply Apparated to Cairo from Alexandria. It's a vivid green paradise set in the middle of a sandy, barren desert, where the Muggles have farmed every inch of cultivable land—and have for millennia. Cairo is on the other end of this oasis from Alexandria, and the pyramids themselves are set in the desert on the edge of the city.

"Were the pyramids built by Muggles or wizards?" Harry asks when they've arrived and are hovering in the air, enjoying the sight.

"Back when they were built, Egyptian society didn't make a distinction between Muggle and wizard like we do now," Severus explains. "Wizards didn't live separately with their own government and politics. So the answer to that question is lost to history. It's well documented that a lot of manual labor went into the pyramids, Muggle-style—but personally, I suspect some magic was involved."

"Have you toured the tombs inside them?" Harry asks. "Ron said Bill is going to show them everything."

Severus laughs. "This is only the second time I've ever been outside of Britain myself," he says. "No, I haven't toured the pyramids."

Harry seems to find that hard to believe, and Severus suspects that Harry's sense of adventure will have him on a world tour the minute he finishes school. But Severus doesn't comment, and merely suggests they head back. They need to be back in Britain before dark.

"Can we just take the lion Portkey back?" Harry asks.

"We can't," Severus says. "It's not an international Portkey, so it won't work until we're inside the British Ministry's jurisdiction."

Harry nods, and turns his broom around without another word. Severus steers their journey back to the sea towards the east, so they can fly over the Suez Canal. Harry asks again whether that was built by Muggles or magic, and this time Severus is quite sure that it's all Muggles. Wizards have other means of transporting people and goods and did not need a canal connecting the two bodies of water. Harry is still intrigued and impressed, and they spend some time watching the massive freight ships sail serenely below them.

Harry and Severus leave the country by air without difficulties. Severus takes them far enough into the Mediterranean to escape any country's jurisdiction, and returns them to the North Sea by creating another Portkey. By the time they reach England and can take the lion Portkey back to Spinner's End, they've been flying almost four hours straight and Harry is clearly exhausted.

"This was the best birthday of my life," Harry tells Severus over a quick, hastily made dinner.

"You received presents from your friends as well," Severus says, pointing to packages Hedwig deposited in the kitchen while they were gone.

"I'll open them tomorrow," Harry says with a giant yawn, and sends himself off to bed.

 

Harry opens his friends' presents over breakfast the next morning. Severus watches and makes appreciative noises over the gifts, helps Harry figure out how to subdue the biting book that Hagrid sent, and then opens the Daily Prophet from yesterday that he missed during their overseas adventure.

Severus chokes on his tea when he reads the headline.

Sirius Black has escaped from Azkaban.

There is a large photograph of the man, who has lost all vestiges of his former good looks and appears to be about a decade older than he really is.

Severus reads the article slowly, in mounting disbelief. The Ministry doesn't have any idea how Black did it, or where he is, or even exactly how many days he's been missing from the prison.

"What's wrong?" Harry has noticed Severus's expression.

Severus hands him the paper silently. Harry reads, interested but largely unmoved, until he gets to the article's summary of Black's crimes.

"He murdered thirteen people? With one curse?"

Severus nods.

"What curse?" Harry asks with interest.

"I'm not sure it was ever officially confirmed, but probably the Blasting Curse. Don't let me catch you even trying that one," Severus adds severely.

"Blimey," Harry replies. "And it's the first breakout from wizard prison ever?"

"The first one the Ministry is aware of, anyway," Severus replies darkly. He has his suspicions about Voldemort freeing some of his followers during the war in a manner that the dementors never reported to the Ministry.

"Wicked," Harry says, and sets aside the paper to bury himself in the Broomstick Servicing Kit Hermione sent him.

So, clearly Severus will need to have a talk with Harry about who Sirius Black is.
Chapter 11: The Prisoner of Azkaban
Chapter Text

Severus puts off talking to Harry all day. He tells himself he wants to let Harry enjoy the presents from his friends, and bask in the aftermath of his first trip abroad, but really Severus is just shying away from an unpleasant task. Then he imagines Harry learning this story from someone else, weeks or months from now, and finally gathers his courage in the sitting room after dinner.

"I'm afraid I have an unpleasant story I must share with you," Severus begins.

"What is with the wizarding world and unpleasant stories?" Harry asks rhetorically, but he looks up at Severus with his full attention. However unpleasant, he is still more interested in Severus's stories than his homework.

Severus takes a deep breath. "Sirius Black is—was—in Azkaban for killing thirteen people with a single curse, but it's not the only crime he committed."

Harry nods to show he's paying attention.

"Your parents... they knew the Dark Lord was after them," Severus says carefully. "When you were about a month old, they went into hiding. They hid for a year, until something happened that made them decide they needed more protection." Severus rubs his forehead tiredly. "I don't know all the details of this part. What I know is that they decided to use the Fidelius Charm."

Severus explains the nature of the Fidelius Charm, while Harry listens with a blank expression on his face.

"Sirius Black was the Potters' Secret-Keeper," Severus continues. "He gave the information up to the Dark Lord almost immediately. But, as you know, things didn't go as the Dark Lord planned that night. The Dark Lord's body was destroyed and Black fled. Black's friend, a wizard named Peter Pettigrew, caught up to Black and confronted him. But Pettigrew wasn't a match for Black, and Black blasted apart the street with a curse. When the Ministry arrived on the scene, Black was standing there laughing. All that was left of Pettigrew was a heap of bloodstained robes and a finger."

Harry stares at Severus for a while, his face still oddly blank.

"Why did my parents choose a Dark Wizard for their Secret-Keeper?" Harry eventually asks, sounding bewildered.

Severus sighs. "No one knew Black was a Death Eater, Harry, not even me... although we should have known, since his entire family ended up being connected to the Dark Lord. It might interest you to hear that his first cousin is Draco's mother. But we didn't know. I was already spying on the Dark Lord for Dumbledore at that time, and trust me, they would have known if I'd known. No. Sirius Black was your father's best friend since they met on the Hogwarts Express at the age of eleven. They were inseparable in school. Black was the best man at the Potters' wedding and he was your godfather."

"So he... fooled them... for years...." Harry says slowly.

Severus nods.

"I think I'm going to be sick," Harry groans, but he just puts his head in his hands instead of jumping up to run to the bathroom.

When Harry looks back up, his face is white and angry. "How did he escape from Azkaban?"

"I can't think of any plausible answers to that, Harry," Severus says. "I believe the Dark Lord has the power to remove his followers from Azkaban, but I'm very confident that he is still trapped in a portrait at Hogwarts."

"How would You-Know-Who manage it, then? Maybe Black learned it from him."

Severus frowns and traces his lips with a finger, thinking. "Dementors can understand English, but they cannot speak it. They will take orders from Ministry officials to an extent. The Dark Lord communicates with dementors by means of something called Legilimency, which is the ability to exchange feelings and memories with another person—or creature's—mind. My impression is that both the Ministry and the Dark Lord deal with dementors by making deals. Dementors feed on the souls and emotions of humans, and they are highly intelligent. They are happy to obey commands if it results in a steady supply of humans for them to feed on."

Harry's face gets even more drawn at this.

"I believe—though I do not know—the Dark Lord set some Death Eaters free in the last war by trading them for other humans. The dementors don't care about the identity of their prisoners, as long as they have humans to feed on. And the Dark Lord is a more natural ally for dementors than Ministry officials. He probably promised dementors free reign to take souls when he is in charge of Britain."

"That's horrible," says Harry fervently. "Just horrible."

"It is," Severus agrees. "The point is, I don't see Black duplicating that method. He didn't exactly have other humans to bargain with from inside Azkaban while he was imprisoned. Perhaps he learned to communicate with dementors and promised to send more humans back to them if they let him go? But that's a bit of a stretch."

Harry stands up slowly, shoving his books and parchment out of the way. "I don't really want to talk about this anymore," he says in a hollow voice. "Good night, Professor."

"Good night, Harry," says Severus softly. He doesn't want to talk about it either.

 

And Harry and Severus don't talk about it again, at least until the last week of summer. Harry finishes all his homework, visits the countryside to fly, plays some new games Severus purchased for his game boy, and exchanges letters with his friends.

Finally, over lunch one day near the end of August, Harry puts down his fork, takes a deep breath, and asks, "How did my parents know You-Know-Who was after them?"

Severus puts down his fork as well, and carefully folds his hands on the table in front of him. "I told them so," he says evenly.

Harry thinks about this for a while. "How did you know? And why did you switch sides in the first place?"

Severus nods. "Interestingly, the same story answers both of those questions. I—Dumbledore does not wish you to know this, because he thinks you are too young. But we don't exactly do as Dumbledore says, do we?"

Harry leans forward. "Tell me," he insists.

"There was a prophecy," Severus says, speaking very slowly. "Spoken in the spring of 1980. It said, 'The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches. Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies.' There was more, but I did not hear it."

Severus stares down at his hands. He can't look at Harry for this part.

"I was still a faithful Death Eater when I heard this," he admits. "I immediately repeated the prophecy to the Dark Lord. But then, you were born on the last day of July, and the Dark Lord decided to make it a priority to hunt down your family and kill them."

Severus swallows thickly.

"You know your mother and I were childhood friends. What I have not said, at least not in these words, is that she is the person I cared about most in my entire life to that point."

Severus pauses, but Harry doesn't interrupt.

"When I heard the Dark Lord decide to target her, I both asked him to spare her life, and I also went to Dumbledore to tell him of the danger and ask him to help your family. He agreed to help, and asked me to spy on the Dark Lord for him, but then—then Sirius Black happened."

The room falls into a silence that seems to stretch on forever.

"I want to go stay with the Weasleys," Harry announces abruptly.

"Of course," Severus agrees in a whisper.

He stands, clearing the dishes away to the sink with a wave of his wand, and bends down over the Floo. He calls McGonagall, explains the situation, and asks her to check with the Weasleys to see if they are back from Egypt and can take Harry. Meanwhile, Harry has gone upstairs to pack, and is ready when McGonagall steps through the fire with the news that the Weasleys would be happy to have him.

Harry leaves without a word and without looking at Severus.

 

McGonagall and Harry tell the Weasleys that Harry had a fight with his family, but Harry doesn't share any more details and says he doesn't want to talk about it. He stays in Ron's room again, and only the concentrated efforts of the entire Weasley family prevent Harry from spending the entire time inside sulking and falling into a depression.

Harry does manage to enjoy the annual trip to Diagon Alley. Severus had already got Harry his school letter over the summer, fortunately. Harry has new books to buy for his classes, potions ingredients to stock up on, and new robes to order because he's grown out of his old ones. Ron gets a new wand, and then Harry and Ron spend at least an hour ogling the brand-new broomstick called the Firebolt. They are only torn away from it when Hermione finds them.

Hermione brushes off their questions about why she has so many new books to get for school, and announces that her parents are letting her stay at the Leaky Cauldron overnight, to more easily catch the Hogwarts Express tomorrow. Harry and Ron talk Mr. and Mrs. Weasley into getting rooms at the Leaky Cauldron as well. Once that's settled, Hermione drags them into a pet store to find herself an owl.

Harry has never shared with his best friends that he's a Parselmouth, and feels vaguely uncomfortable staring at the snakes in the Magical Menagerie. His dark contemplations about secrets and lies are interrupted when a cat attacks Ron's rat, and Hermione ends up buying the cat.

That night, Harry overhears a few words between Mr. and Mrs. Weasley about him. His attention caught, he listens to them argue about whether Harry should be told something or whether he would be happy not knowing.

At the beginning of this summer, Harry would never have chosen the 'happy not knowing' option, and would have been irritated at Mrs. Weasley for even suggesting that as a possibility. Today, he thinks he understands better than ever the saying 'ignorance is bliss.'

Then he hears the name Sirius Black, and almost leaves. He is heartily sick of hearing about Sirius Black.

Except he doesn’t leave before he learns that the Ministry thinks Sirius Black escaped to go after Harry.

Once back upstairs, Harry lays in his bed, and broods. He is sick about Sirius Black's betrayal, his father's best friend, Harry's own godfather. He is sick about Severus Snape being the one who set Voldemort on Harry's family. He is sick at the idea of Voldemort still being alive. He almost even resents the Weasleys, of all people, for arguing about him behind his back instead of confiding in him.

And he wishes heartily that he trusted Dumbledore just a little bit more, enough to agree with Mrs. Weasley that the safest place on earth is wherever Albus Dumbledore happens to be. But Harry doesn't feel that way, no matter how hard he tries. For some reason, Dumbledore trapped the spirit of Lord Voldemort in the portraits of Hogwarts, and didn't even tell anyone. The idea of encountering Voldemort again, even in portrait form, is enough to make Harry want to throw up.

Harry tosses and turns, and in the morning, thinks that he can't remember ever getting less sleep in a night.

 

The Ministry sends cars to take Harry, Hermione, and the Weasleys to King's Cross. Happily, this year, they are not alarmingly late: they arrive at the train station with five minutes to spare. Mr. Weasley doesn't let Harry alone for a minute, and then takes him aside while everyone else is busy, in order to have a terse conversation with him.

Harry forestalls this conversation by assuring Mr. Weasley he's already heard all about Sirius Black, that he's not scared of the man, and promises not to go looking for him for revenge.

He even means it, more or less. If Harry wanted revenge, Voldemort would be his primary target, of course. But Harry doesn't know how to destroy a portrait. Maybe he should ask Snape—oh, and yeah, wouldn't that be his other target for revenge?

Yet Harry can't stay truly angry for long with the man who rescued him from the Dursleys the moment he discovered something was wrong with Harry's childhood, and who is lying to the entire world to make sure that Harry always has a safe place to go to that no one else can take from him.

So no, Harry won't go looking for Sirius Black. He finds it hard to believe his parents were friends with a person who successfully lied to them for years, but he also finds it hard to muster enough energy to care about vengeance. It's more depressing than anything else.

And what he wants, more than vengeance, is to know whether Snape's story is true: that he switched sides and tried to save Harry's parents' lives. But only two people in existence, besides Snape, could verify that story: Dumbledore and Voldemort. And Harry does not want to talk to Dumbledore.

Harry and his friends finally find a compartment to sit in—they have to share it with an adult—and Harry is interrupted in his musings by Ron, who wants to know what's wrong. And Harry decides to confide in his friends about the story of Sirius Black.

Their reactions aren't particularly helpful or reassuring, but Harry already feels a little lighter for having shared this secret.

 

Severus sometimes wonders why the universe cannot give him a break. He wonders this again when he hears that Harry collapsed on the train when dementors boarded the Hogwarts Express. Ridiculously, Remus Lupin was there as it was happening and yet couldn't conjure a Patronus until after Harry fainted. What had stopped him from doing it the instant those foul things set foot on the train?

Severus is fuming mad, but he bites his tongue, and says none of this out loud. He is not pretending to hate Harry—not the way he would if he were still trying to keep his cover in anticipation of the Dark Lord's return—but he doesn't want anyone to become suspicious of how close their relationship is, either.

Harry finally enters the Great Hall, a good deal after the Sorting Ceremony, looking pale but alive. It does not make Severus feel all that much better.
Chapter 12: The Marauders
Chapter Text

Term starts. Arithmancy immediately proves to be very difficult, and Harry wishes he had Hermione's brains. The professor is very sharp—there will be no fooling around in her class—and immediately gives them a huge pile of homework. But when Harry hears Ron's complaints about Divination, and the fact that Trelawney predicted Neville Longbottom's literal death during class, Harry feels better about not choosing that subject, at least.

Harry thinks he ought to enjoy Care of Magical Creatures out of loyalty to Hagrid, but he keenly feels the force of Snape's remarks about Hagrid's character when Hagrid brings creatures to class that turn out to be capable of harming—or even killing—another student.

In another world, the fact that the victim is Draco Malfoy may have caused Harry to disregard the entire incident as a petty way of getting revenge on Harry. In this world, Draco Malfoy and Harry Potter are not mortal enemies so much as people who just do not know how to talk to each other. And Harry is scared by the amount of blood on Malfoy's arm when he is attacked by a hippogriff, and he wonders whether Hagrid should really be teaching students in proximity to dangerous creatures.

Harry goes to see Professor Snape that evening.

Severus is surprised to see Harry, but doesn't let on. He offers a polite greeting, and nods at the chair in front of the desk.

"Is Malfoy all right?" Harry asks anxiously. "Madam Pomfrey can mend cuts in about a second, right? I've had far worse injuries mended magically by her...."

Severus sighs and wishes Harry hadn't reminded him about all the times Harry has ended up in the hospital wing. "Yes, a normal cut can be mended by Madam Pomfrey in about a second. Magical beasts tend not to inflict normal injuries. Mr. Malfoy is lucky that he was mere minutes away from medical care, because otherwise, he could have permanently lost the use of his arm."

Harry's eyes get very wide. "So he is not all right?"

"He's in pain," says Severus. "And he's unused to pain, unlike yourself, so he's taking it very hard. But he will be all right, yes. Madam Pomfrey was able to save his arm."

"There was a lot of blood," Harry admits.

"I heard," Severus agrees without further commentary.

"I feel awful for Hagrid, though, I mean his heart is in the right place and he did tell the class not to insult hippogriffs, and Malfoy called it a 'great ugly brute.'"

"It is a valuable lesson for Mr. Malfoy, to be sure," Severus remarks noncommittally.

Harry is quiet for a bit, twiddling his thumbs. "How does Dumbledore choose teachers, anyway? Is there no one else in Britain who can teach Care of Magical Creatures?"

"I have no idea what goes through that man's mind when picking teachers," says Severus dismissively. "Others would probably tell you that Dumbledore runs the school like a kingdom, and teaching positions are used as currency and to secure loyalties. I would never have ended up in a career teaching young children if anyone else had been running Hogwarts twelve years ago."

"How's it advantageous for Dumbledore to have Hagrid teach? He already has every ounce of Hagrid's possible loyalty."

"Pawns must not only be loyal to you, they must also be useful," says Severus, who is still mostly indifferent to the topic. "A gamekeeper with no education does not have a lot of credibility outside Hogwarts. Perhaps Dumbledore wishes Hagrid to play a larger role in his future plans. Or perhaps it is a demonstration of the rewards one can expect if one is exceptionally loyal to Albus Dumbledore."

"Hagrid said—" Harry begins, then hesitates, then decides to keep going. "Hagrid said he was only hired this year because Dumbledore cleared his name about some crime he'd been accused of fifty years ago. Do you know anything about that?"

"Oh, yes," answers Severus. "He was accused of opening the chamber of secrets fifty years ago. A student died, and Hagrid was expelled and his wand snapped."

Harry snorts in laughter. "There's no way Hagrid can control the monster in the chamber of secrets. He's not a Parselmouth."

"Right," Severus agrees. "And Dumbledore wrote the Ministry to clear Hagrid's name when I shared with Dumbledore the information that only a Parselmouth can open the chamber, and that Miss Weasley had been possessed by a Dark artefact that gave her the ability to speak it."

"Oh," says Harry, surprised for some reason. "Why did you tell Dumbledore all that?"

"Miss Weasley needed to understand what had happened to her," Severus explains, "and after I decided to tell her the truth, or at least most of the truth, I could hardly hide it from Dumbledore."

"Oh," says Harry again. "And he believed you?"

"Yes," Severus says simply. "I have always had his trust, although not his affection, since I came to this school."

Harry looks down at his lap, and picks at a stray thread that is peeking out of his new school robes. "I—about that—I'm sorry I got angry with you."

"You do not owe me any apologies," says Severus, growing a little stern. "Especially not for that."

"It's just—you've been so good to me, and—"

"No," Severus interrupts him fiercely. "You do not have to forgive me for sending the Dark Lord hunting after your parents just because I rescued you from the Dursleys. One is not contingent on the other. I will continue to look after you as long as you need it, regardless of whether you ever forgive me for having been a Death Eater."

Harry doesn't know what to say to that. To his extreme discomfort, Severus notices tears gathering at the edges of Harry's eyes. Severus has no idea what to say next.

"I'm not angry at you anymore," Harry says finally.

"Very well," says Severus in a quiet voice. "But you may stay angry with me and you would still be welcome into my—our—home."

"I'm not angry at Sirius Black, either," Harry sighs. "I'm not even sure I'm that angry at You-Know-Who for killing my parents. Oh, and by the way, speaking of Sirius Black, I learned that the Ministry thinks he escaped to come after me," says Harry with a slight, self-deprecating laugh.

Harry is not expecting Snape to react so strongly as he does.

"What?!" says Snape in a voice that is too loud for the office, and Harry winces a little. Snape stares at him with wild eyes. "What do they think that for?!"

"According to Mr. Weasley, Minister Fudge went out to Azkaban the night Black escaped. The dementors told Fudge that Black was talking in his sleep, always the same words: 'He's at Hogwarts... he's at Hogwarts.' Mr. Weasley supposes that Black thinks murdering me will bring You-Know-Who back to power. Black lost everything the night You-Know-Who disappeared, and he's had twelve years alone in Azkaban to brood on that."

Snape's face is very white. "That's quite a leap of logic to make based on three words."

"Yeah, I thought so too," Harry agrees. "I mean, there are a lot of 'he's' at Hogwarts, aren't there? What if Black somehow found out You-Know-Who is stuck in a portrait here?"

"Indeed," says Snape with a humorless smile. "And there are other 'he's' here who Black has every reason to fixate on. Dumbledore... myself...."

"You?" asks Harry in surprise.

"Me," agrees Snape grimly. "Sirius Black and I have despised each other for as long as he and your father were best friends. Black even attempted to murder me once."

Harry goes very still. "Excuse me?" Harry asks. "Black tried to kill you and my father still thought he wasn't an evil Dark wizard?"

"Well, Harry," says Snape delicately, "your father and Black thought that I was the evil Dark wizard, so that justified the violence in their minds."

"Oh," says Harry, taken aback. "They knew you were a Death Eater?"

"No," says Snape shortly. "This happened before I became a Death Eater, in fact."

"What happened, exactly?" Harry leans forward intently, but a thought crosses his mind, that this may be another tale he'd be happier not knowing.

"It's a long story," says Snape with a sigh. "We teased each other on the train, they mocked me for wanting to go to Slytherin, they cursed my broomstick to throw me off during flying lessons, I caused boils to break out on their skin that could only be fixed by a potion very few people know how to brew, and from there on, it was open warfare for seven years."

Harry remains sitting very, very still. "How did teasing and stupid pranks end up in attempted murder?" His voice is very low and he is tense. He feels like a cat waiting to spring.

"I honestly don't know," Snape answers. "A lack of competent adult supervision, combined with relatively talented and high-spirited wizards who all excelled at holding grudges?" He sounds exhausted.

"Who is 'they'?" Harry asks. "My dad and Black?"

"And Pettigrew, and—Remus Lupin," Snape says. "They called themselves the Marauders. They had these stup—these nicknames for each other. Your father was Prongs, Black was Padfoot, Lupin was Moony, and Pettigrew was Wormtail. They were inseparable, went everywhere together. And they hated me."

"And you them," Harry murmurs. "It was always four-on-one?"

Snape inclines his head.

Harry feels a little sick. He knows what it is to be bullied like that, by Dudley and his gang....

Harry digs his fingernails into his palm. "Why would my mother marry someone like that? Was she... was she okay with bullying?"

Snape draws a shaky breath. "No," he answers. "She definitely was not. I'm sorry, Harry, but it is one of life's greatest mysteries to me why Lily married James Potter."

Harry closes his eyes, his sick feeling intensifying. "How did they try to kill you?"

"Well, the story involves information that—again—Dumbledore has forbidden me to share with students...."

Harry opens his eyes. "I won't tell," he promises. "Except, you know, maybe Ron and Hermione."

Snape gives Harry a thin smile. "Frankly, I don't care if you do. The truth is that Remus Lupin is a—a werewolf. He would spend the full moon in the Shrieking Shack, in Hogsmeade. I was curious about why and where he disappeared, and Black decided to tell me all about it. He arranged for me to follow Lupin to the Shack, and—I did. I am aware I sound indescribably naïve for falling for this," Snape hastens to add. "I did not honestly think Dumbledore would let a werewolf in the school or that Black had graduated from stupid pranks to attempted murder. I thought there must be something else going on, and I wanted to know what it was."

Harry is looking horrified.

"If it makes you feel better, it was only Black who tried to kill me. Your father found out about it and ran after me, and probably saved my life."

It sounds like it costs Snape an enormous effort of will to say this.

"Yeah, that does make me feel better," Harry agrees, and relaxes ever so slightly. "But he stayed friends with Black after that?"

"He did," Snape confirms bitterly.

Harry lets the conversation spiral into silence. He doesn't know what to think.

"And Black didn't go to Azkaban for that?" Harry finally asks.

"Dumbledore covered it all up," Snape says simply. "He made me swear not to tell anyone, or he would expel me from Hogwarts."

Harry groans, leans forward, and digs his palms into his eyeballs. "Why is it that everything I learn about Dumbledore makes him sound awful?"

"Because you are learning most things about him from someone who feels manipulated and taken advantage of and never truly cared for," Snape answers, his voice very soft. "Perhaps you should have this conversation with Professor McGonagall. She has a much different perspective on Dumbledore—I believe there is real affection on both sides of that relationship."

"Yet you trust her to help you with my summer custody situation," says Harry swiftly, looking up at Snape. "Without telling Dumbledore."

"Yes," Snape agrees. "She knows perfectly well that he can overlook important, but relatively small details in his quest for the greater good. I merely mean she is not so jaded on the subject as I."

"I hate him," Harry mumbles.

"There's no need for that," says Snape gently. "Reserve your hate for those who deserve it, like the Dark Lord."

At the mention of Voldemort, Harry glances up and tries to peer through the gloom into the back of the office at the painting on the far wall. It seems empty to Harry.

"Just because you cannot see him does not mean he is not there," says Snape quietly, having noticed where Harry is looking.

Harry shudders. "Isn't that super creepy, knowing he's spying on you all the time?"

"I'm used to the feeling," says Snape, but he sounds very tired. "You must have realized he could be anywhere in the castle listening to anyone."

"Yes," agrees Harry, and he is struck by just how strange it is that the wizarding world has simply accepted that they constantly live amongst spies and gossips in the form of portraits. "Why would Dumbledore have trapped him here?"

"I imagine it is because Dumbledore believes he can eventually find a way to destroy him while he is trapped," Snape answers. "The ends always do justify the means for the headmaster."

Bloody Voldemort. Harry can't even muster the energy to hate him today. He'd rather have answers from the man, answers only he knows.

As he thinks about it, a strange recklessness comes over Harry, and he stands up and moves over to the back wall. He stares at the painting of sheep intently for a while. They graze, moving across the dead grass like they will eventually find something to eat if they stick at it long enough.

It's still difficult for Harry to switch between English and Parseltongue, but he's been practicing and he manages to hiss something at the painting in Parseltongue.

"Are you there?"

Harry hears laughter, and then the figure of Lord Voldemort walks into the frame. "Hello, Harry Potter," he says, and Harry can distinguish the strange hissing of Parseltongue even though he understands the words perfectly.

"Can we talk somewhere that isn't here?" Harry hisses. "Are there other portraits you can access where we can talk privately?"

Voldemort cocks his head at Harry, as though observing an interesting specimen, and his red eyes glow a little.

"There is an empty classroom in the left-hand corridor on the fourth floor," Voldemort eventually says. "It has a painting of snakes on red satin. I spend time there when I want to rest."

"I'll come find you," Harry says, and then turns back to Snape. Snape is staring at him like he's lost his mind... which perhaps he has.

"He was there, after all," says Harry in English, a little flippantly, and walks past Snape to the door. "See you in class, Professor."

"See you in class," Snape agrees, although his voice is very faint and he looks like he wants to say something else instead.

Harry leaves.
Chapter 13: Neville's Boggart
Chapter Text

Malfoy resurfaces halfway through Potions class on Thursday morning. His right arm is covered in bandages and bound up in a sling.

Harry straightens up from his cauldron to look at Malfoy carefully. He's closer to the door when Malfoy walks in, so he beats Pansy Parkinson to the punch. "How is it, Malfoy?"

Malfoy looks startled to be asked that by Harry. He gives Harry a long, considering glance, as though judging whether he's sincere, then says, "Fine."

Pansy isn't thrown off so easily. "Oh, Draco," she simpers. "Does it hurt much?"

Malfoy is visibly torn between playing up to her sympathy and putting on a tough face for Harry. Severus saves him from the dilemma.

"Mr. Malfoy is not dying," he drawls. "Settle down, everyone."

Harry turns back to his Shrinking Solution.

Severus directs Malfoy to set up at Harry and Ron's table.

Harry's attention is divided between his own potion and watching Malfoy. The other boy does seem to be having trouble, his movements halting and awkward. Malfoy takes out daisy roots from his potions kit, then stares at them blankly.

"I got it," offers Harry. "I'm at a resting point with my potion right now."

Harry starts cutting up Malfoy's roots, who stiffens in shock at the help.

The three boys are quiet, until Malfoy gives Harry a curt, "Thank you."

Harry just nods, and they brew in silence for a while.

"Hey, Harry," says Seamus Finnigan, leaning over to borrow Harry's brass scales, "have you heard? Daily Prophet this morning—they reckon Sirius Black's been sighted."

"Where?" say Harry and Ron quickly. On the other side of the table, Malfoy looks up, listening closely.

"Not too far from here," says Seamus, who looks excited. "It was a Muggle who saw him. 'Course, she didn't really understand. The Muggles think he's just an ordinary criminal, don't they? So she phoned the telephone hot line. By the time the Ministry of Magic got there, he was gone."

"Not too far from here..." Ron repeats, looking significantly at Harry. He turns around and sees Malfoy watching closely. "What, Malfoy? Need something else chopped up?"

Malfoy sneers. "Thinking of trying to catch Black single-handed, Potter?"

Harry raises an eyebrow at him. "No. Are you? He's your cousin, isn't he?"

Malfoy is, once again, taken aback. "My mother's cousin," he corrects. "The family hasn't had anything to do with him since long before he went to Azkaban."

"How convenient for you," says Harry. He tries to make his voice neutral and isn't sure what he's trying to imply. He mostly just wants Malfoy to stop talking about Sirius Black.

"I don't care about Black," Malfoy says, not taking the hint. "But if I were you, I'd want revenge."

Harry looks up and meets Malfoy's eyes. "Lucky I'm not you, then," he says coolly.

Malfoy flushes, and mercifully Professor Snape chooses that moment to interrupt them to get them back on task in the matter of Shrinking Solutions.

 

Severus doesn't like Remus Lupin. Severus thinks Remus Lupin the human is pathetic, and isn't worth the oxygen he consumes. Severus is also, to this day, terrified of Remus Lupin the wolf, although he usually doesn't admit it even to himself.

Remus Lupin is why Sectumsempra was invented.

Severus understands that Dumbledore has brought Remus Lupin to teach at Hogwarts in an effort to lure Black out of hiding. What Dumbledore doesn't see—has refused to see—is that Remus Lupin, when faced with a choice between his friends versus doing the right thing, always has and always will choose his friends.

So no, Severus doesn't like that Remus Lupin is here.

And Severus really doesn't like it when the rumors spread that Remus Lupin egged on a student who experiences his Boggart as Professor Snape.

Severus gives Harry and Neville Longbottom a detention in Potions the next week for no stated reason. Neville squeaks in terror, while Harry just gives him a resigned, "Yes, sir."

When the boys show up for their detention, Severus has them sit down in the classroom, and instead of sitting at his desk, he takes a seat at the table with them.

"Mr. Longbottom," Severus says without preamble, "you can't stay in my class if you're really more terrified of me than anything else in the universe."

Neville immediately goes bright red and shrinks, trying to hide behind Harry. Harry eyes him sideways and doesn't move.

"What do you think I'm going to do to you?" Severus asks, bewildered. He is used to students fearing and hating him, and in fact typically prefers things to sort themselves that way—it keeps the little brats from taking up even more of his time than they already do—but this is something on another level and he does not know how to deal with it at all.

Neville won't answer, and Severus turns to Harry in mute inquiry.

"I have no idea, sir," Harry answers. "You are really mean to him, though."

Severus drums his fingers on the table, impatient to get to the bottom of this and yet understanding that impatience is the attitude least likely to serve him well in this situation.

"I am mean to a lot of students, Mr. Potter, and I have yet to turn up as anyone's Boggart."

Neville shrinks away even further—which is an impressive accomplishment—and then turns to whisper something in Harry's ear.

Harry turns his head and starts whispering back to Neville.

They boys hold a furious but quiet conversation for a few minutes, while Severus mentally imagines taking his impatience and throttling it, because otherwise he will do something very stupid.

Finally, Harry clears his throat and looks back at Severus. "It's to do with you being a former Death Eater, sir," Harry explains. "He—his parents were attacked by Death Eaters when he was a baby?"

Severus slumps a little in his chair, and feels like a piece of toad dung.

"I'm familiar with the story," he manages to say. "Mr. Longbottom, I'll arrange for you to receive potions tutoring, perhaps through a prefect. I don't think it's doing anyone any favors to keep you in my class under these circumstances."

"No!" Neville exclaims with vehemence. "No, my grandmother would kill me. She would say that I'm—"

The boy breaks off.

Severus puts his elbows on the table and rubs his forehead. "I don't know what to do, then," he says, raw and suddenly exhausted. "I can't keep teaching you Potions when you're this terrified of me. I'm sorry."

The silence stretches on in the utterly still classroom.

"Professor Snape's not really a Death Eater, Neville," says Harry's small voice, breaking the quiet. "And he's never tortured anyone to death." Harry pauses for one heartbeat. "Have you?"

"Never," Severus agrees gravely. He is a killer, like any other Death Eater, but unlike other Death Eaters, Severus never liked to play with his food.

Neville suddenly lets out a small sob, and Severus finds himself scooting his chair closer and wrapping an arm around the small boy. The kid leans into Severus's shoulder and just cries.

Harry starts patting the boy's other shoulder in a little show of sympathy.

When Neville's sobs start subsiding, and he sits up straighter, leaning a little away from Severus, Harry takes the initiative again and stands up. He holds his hand out to Neville. "Come on, we better get back to Gryffindor Tower before it's too late," he says, neatly removing the chance that Neville will stutter in embarrassment about having broken down in front of Professor Snape.

Neville takes the out, accepts Harry's hand, and wipes his face with the handkerchief Severus has produced out of nowhere.

"See you in class, Professor," says Harry.

"See you in class, Mr. Potter, Mr. Longbottom," Severus agrees.

"See you in class," comes a faint echo from Neville.

 

In mid-October, McGonagall comes knocking on Severus's door with a Hogsmeade permission slip clutched in her hand. She is glaring daggers at Severus when he opens the door and waves her in.

"Severus Snape," she says, her voice cold and forbidding. She does not take a seat. Severus winces slightly. Even after twelve years of being a teacher himself, Professor McGonagall can still make Severus feel like he is eleven and being scolded for hexing a rat instead of transfiguring it. "However does Harry Potter come to have a Hogsmeade permission slip signed by Petunia Dursley?"

Severus feels a little confused. He thought McGonagall understood how this works. "That is Harry's aunt," he says, feeling wrong-footed. "His legal guardian."

"I am aware," she says severely. "Did you forge it?" Her voice could cut steel.

"Oh!" exclaims Severus, relieved to know what he is being accused of. "No, of course not. Harry and I visit Petunia at the beginning of every summer to ask her to sign forms that reflect her permission for him to live elsewhere for the holidays. I simply handed this one to her in June as well."

McGonagall sits down in the chair a bit weakly. "I see," she murmurs. "But this won't do, it won't do at all, Severus. Haven't you heard Sirius Black is after the boy? How can we let him gambol off to Hogsmeade?"

Severus frowns. "Do you have more information about that than I do? Dementors overheard Black saying 'He's at Hogwarts,' but that could mean any number of people Black has a grudge against."

"Minister Fudge is convinced it means Harry," murmurs McGonagall.

Severus rolls his eyes. "And Fudge is the most brilliant critical thinker of our age."

McGonagall doesn't call him out on his heavy sarcasm. "It's not worth the risk, Severus. Losing Lily and James—I couldn't possibly bear to lose Harry on top of it—"

Severus shifts uncomfortably in his chair. He doesn't want to talk about Lily and James. "We can't keep him in a cage, Minerva. Holding him back and making him watch from afar as all his peers go to Hogsmeade... it would be cruel."

"Better that than find him dead," says McGonagall with certainty.

Severus sighs. "I'll volunteer to chaperone at least this first Hogsmeade visit, all right? I won't dog the boy's footsteps but I'll be around to keep an eye on things."

McGonagall raises an eyebrow. "And you think you can handle Sirius Black?"

"I know I can," answers Severus with grim satisfaction at the idea of getting his hands on one Sirius Black.
Chapter 14: A Chat with Voldemort
Chapter Text

It takes Harry a while to work up the courage—and overcome his instinct that it's a really bad idea—but he eventually finds time to disappear under his Invisibility Cloak near the left-hand corridor on the fourth floor.

He feels a twinge of guilt as he remembers his promise to Snape to never use the cloak to get himself into danger, but he overrides it. He wants to talk to Voldemort, that's all. It's not like the man can attack Harry from his portrait prison.

Harry closes the classroom door behind him and pulls off the cloak. It takes a while to locate the painting of snakes, which is in an alcove behind some old tables pushed against the far wall. The painting has gathered years of dust, which Harry carefully blows off the frame before addressing the snakes.

It's no stretch to fall into Parseltongue with the lithe black snakes crawling all over the painting. "Is You-Know-Who around? He told me he visits here sometimes."

"He iss not," says one of the snakes. "But I know where he iss. I will find him for you."

The snake slithers off, outside the frame, and Harry sits on the table to wait.

"Harry Potter," he hears eventually. Voldemort's voice is low and sibilant in Parseltongue, in contrast to his English voice. Harry stands up, and takes a step closer to the frame.

"Er, hello," Harry offers, feeling awkward.

"What do you want with me?"

"I want to hear why grandparents died," Harry says, seeing no reason not to be blunt. "And I want to hear about my parents and the truth of why you came after me when I was a baby."

Voldemort smiles. "A natural curiosity. I will offer you a trade, Harry. The information you ask in exchange for your honest opinion on a question of mine."

Harry looks at Voldemort warily. "What is the question?"

"I want your opinion of Severus Snape."

"Er, okay," says Harry. "I'm not even sure I know my opinion on Snape, but I can try to talk about it."

Voldemort smiles again. "That will satisfy me," he agrees. "I will go first, as I am feeling generous. Which set of grandparents are you asking about?"

"All of them," says Harry instantly. He's never heard what happened to James Potter's parents, and he isn't going to miss the opportunity to learn now.

"As far as I know, Euphemia and Fleamont Potter died of dragon pox," says Voldemort. "It's a highly contagious disease that affects purebloods and half-bloods, while Muggle-borns seem to be immune. There is a potion that is more or less a cure for the disease, but the potion starts to lose its effectiveness the more elderly—and, incidentally, the more inbred—the wizard is. That's not an insult to your grandparents, it's simply a description which fits most purebloods."

That gives Harry about a million other questions he wants to ask, but those sorts of answers he can get elsewhere.

"And Mr. and Mrs. Evans?"

Voldemort shrugs. "I sent Death Eaters to look for them. I was hoping to draw out your mother and father, because I had questions for them. But Aurors showed up in response, rather than your parents, so my servants set fire to the house and left."

"You're horrible," says Harry in a hollow voice.

Voldemort inclines his head and says nothing.

"Which Death Eaters did you send?"

Voldemort shakes his head. "I'm not going to tell you that, Harry. I protect my followers in return for their loyalty, and will not betray them to you."

"Was... was Snape involved?" Harry asks, his mouth dry.

"No."

Harry nods, feeling ever so slightly relieved. "What... 'questions' did you have for my parents?"

Voldemort smiles. "And now we get to the main thrust of the story you want, don't we? A Seer spoke a prophecy a few months before your birthday, foretelling that you would be born with the power to vanquish me. Your parents knew about it, and they went into hiding. If they had shown up in response to the threat to your grandparents, we would have played out the little scene from Godric's Hollow a year earlier than we actually did."

"What is your theory about what happened that night at Godric's Hollow?" Harry asks abruptly. "Dumbledore says my mother died to save me, so you couldn't kill me and also Quirrell couldn't touch me while you were possessing him."

Harry pauses, but Voldemort doesn't say anything.

"I don't believe his story," Harry admits in a rush.

"Why not?" Voldemort is smiling again.

"It's—it's mad, that's all. It makes no sense. You've killed a lot of people. No one ever loved any of your victims enough to die for one of them?"

"I believe Dumbledore is correct, actually," Voldemort says. "When I mean to slaughter an entire family, I simply do it without further ado. But I did not intend to kill your mother. I offered her the chance—several chances—to step aside, and live. She refused, and so laid down her life in an attempt to protect yours. Because she need not have died, her act became a powerful magical sacrifice."

After the end of this speech, all Harry can hear is blood rushing through his ears in a sort of funny ringing. Listening to his parents' murderer calmly talk about their deaths is so much harder than Harry anticipated.

Harry wants to be sick, but he somehow, miraculously, holds it together.

"Snape asked you to spare her," he says through lips that feel numb.

Snape was telling the truth, after all.

"He did, yes," says Voldemort, and frowns. "Now, I have answered your question, and we are back on the subject of Severus Snape. Do you trust the man?"

"I guess," says Harry, but he barely knows what he's agreeing to.

"Focus, Harry," Voldemort chides. "Or take a break and come back later if you cannot."

It feels like a steel case abruptly slams around his heart, and Harry stands up straight. "I'm fine," he says, and tries to mean it. He won't appear weak in front of Voldemort. "Yes, I trust Snape."

Voldemort looks thoughtful. "Why?"

"He's... he's the most considerate adult I've ever been around," says Harry truthfully. "When he says he's going to do something, he does it. And he explains things, instead of brushing me off. He spends time with me when I want company and leaves me alone when I need to be left alone."

"You've had a lonely, unhappy childhood," Voldemort guesses.

Harry shrugs.

"Severus has promised to aid me in leaving this portrait," says Voldemort. "Did you know that?"

Harry sucks his breath in sharply. "No. Why would he do that? I don't believe you."

"He agreed to help me in exchange for my promise not to harm you," says Voldemort, leaning forward with a little smile. "Now do you believe it?"

Harry's mind is spinning and his mouth feels awfully dry. Snape promised Harry he wouldn't be a Death Eater again. He promised. He never lied to Harry before!

"He promised me he wouldn't serve you again," says Harry faintly.

"My dear child," says Voldemort, a twisted smile playing on his lips. "You must be careful about what, exactly, a Slytherin has promised you. How did he word it?"

It doesn't even occur to Harry that it is a terrible idea to give away Snape's secrets to this man. "He said he stopped being loyal to you a long time ago, and he promised me he will never be a Death Eater again."

"I am not going to ask him to be a Death Eater again," says Voldemort, his eyes gleaming. "He is merely going to help me escape this prison in return for the satisfaction of knowing I will not kill you when I once again have the means to do so."

"He wouldn't," insists Harry. "He wouldn't want to return you to power so you can kill and murder and torture and take over the world."

Voldemort actually laughs. "Severus has a ruthless pragmatism you have yet to develop, young Harry. There will always be those who are willing to let me into their hearts and minds. Severus would prefer he get something out of the deal. You see, if someone else finds me here and helps me, the first thing I shall do when I return to power is kill the both of you," Voldemort adds viciously, raising his fists to plant them against his side of the canvas, and Harry takes an instinctive step away from the portrait.

"You can try!" Harry shouts defiantly. "But it didn't work out very well for you last time, did it?"

Voldemort just gives him a condescending smile. "I learn from my mistakes," he says thinly, and Harry shivers. "But rest assured, Severus is helping me, and you will be safe thanks to his efforts."

"No," Harry repeats.

Voldemort casts Harry a scathing glare that makes him feel about two inches tall, and then turns to leave the portrait frame, hissing orders to the snakes to follow.

Harry slumps over against the table, his heart racing, and he feels a hundred times worse than he did when he entered this empty classroom.

 

Severus has to wake up much too early on Halloween to finish the latest batch of Wolfsbane, deliver it to Lupin, and get ready to walk some brats to Hogsmeade.

Severus is careful to walk with Harry and his friends out of the castle, so that he can cast a Patronus as they pass the dementors. He leaves them alone in Hogsmeade, since he doesn't want Harry to feel smothered. The students' time in Hogsmeade goes peacefully, and Severus doesn't see any sign of Sirius Black.

The Halloween feast isn't interrupted with an announcement of trolls or petrified cats, and Severus is beginning to be cautiously optimistic when he returns to his rooms to settle in for the night. He has just opened one of the books purloined from Alexandria when a house-elf pops into his room.

"The headmaster says to usher all your students to the Great Hall at once, sir!" exclaims the house-elf. "Sirius Black is inside the castle!!"

Severus keeps his head. He rounds up students in the Slytherin common room, orders the prefects to haul stragglers out of their dormitories, performs a quick headcount, and ushers them all up into the Great Hall. He doesn't have any news to share with them other than that the headmaster thinks Sirius Black is in the castle, but that's plenty to go on for the students' excited gossip.

All the students, it turns out, are in the Great Hall. Severus doesn't understand why Sirius Black's presence means evacuation of the common rooms until he gets an update from Dumbledore: Sirius Black tried to break into Gryffindor Tower. Harry—and all other Gryffindor students—are safe, because Black broke in while they were at the feast, but the portrait at the entrance to the Gryffindor common room was attacked.

Severus feels a lot less calm when he hears this news. He tries to make the headmaster see the utter folly of having Remus Lupin here when Sirius Black is trying to get something from the castle, but as usual, Dumbledore isn't interested in what Severus has to say.

 

Meanwhile, Harry listens to the gossip of the students around him with a horrible sinking feeling. He's pretty sure Sirius Black isn't after him, Harry. No; he's pretty sure Black wants to rejoin Voldemort and help him get free of the portrait. Harry doesn't think Black attacked the Fat Lady because he wanted in the tower; clearly, Black attacked a portrait who wouldn't give him information about another portrait in the castle.

And, thinks Harry, feeling agonized... if Black helps Voldemort... Snape and Harry are dead.
Chapter 15: Rat's Escape
Chapter Text

Harry takes his first opportunity to confide in his friends in an empty classroom the next day. He tells Ron and Hermione that there's a portrait of Voldemort in the castle, and Snape thinks it's the real thing—the real spirit trapped there anyway—and Harry is inclined to agree with that. He lays out his theory that Black is seeking to rejoin his master, and tells them about the painting of snakes where Voldemort spoke with Harry to give him answers, answers only Voldemort could know.

"That's mental," Ron protests at once. "Dumbledore has finally cracked. He can't keep a bloody portrait of You-Know-Who in a school!"

"Harry, if you haven't even spoken to Dumbledore about it, you shouldn't jump to conclusions," is Hermione's take on the matter. "It's too dangerous, don't ever go looking for that portrait again!"

"I don't plan on it," Harry mumbles, and he does mean it. His conversation with Voldemort was disturbing on many levels.

"Oy," says Ron, whose bag has started moving. "Get off, what are you doing!"

Ron is not talking to his bag, it turns out, but to something inside it. The bag drops to the floor, falls open, and his pet rat, Scabbers, comes flying out of the top. Scabbers makes a dash for freedom across the classroom floor, and Ron shrieks and throws himself after Scabbers, but he's too late. The rat disappears underneath a floorboard and is gone.

"Oh no," says Hermione. "Did... did Ron's rat just run away from us?"

Harry gives Ron an awkward pat on the back. Ron looks extremely upset.

"Sorry, mate. Something funny's gotten into him," says Harry. "Didn't you say he got sick while you were in Egypt? Maybe he caught a curse."

"I'll ask Bill," Ron agrees glumly.

Harry and Hermione make eye contact, and Harry knows they're both thinking about how grateful they are that Ron can't blame Hermione's cat for this episode.

 

Snape and McGonagall team up against Harry to suggest that he skip the next Quidditch match.  Snape thinks Quidditch is, as a general matter, Harry's doom; McGonagall is worried about Harry being on the Quidditch field unsupervised with Sirius Black wandering around.

Harry refuses, point blank, to quit Quidditch. It's one of his few sources of unmitigated happiness, and he won't give it up.

The day before the match, Snape substitutes for Remus Lupin in Defense Against the Dark Arts. This is a strange, startling occurrence—doesn't Snape have enough to handle with his own class load?—but Harry learns immediately that he has an agenda.

Snape teaches the class about werewolves.

Harry sighs, puts his elbow on his desk and his chin in his hand, and stares out the window for the duration of the lesson.

Harry doesn't know what to think about Remus Lupin. Knowing that Lupin was a good friend of James Potter, it is hard to accept that Lupin has made no move to reach out to Harry or befriend him outside of class.

Harry also thinks, however, that Snape's attempts at revealing Lupin's secret are kind of... petty. Snape has told Harry that Lupin takes a potion every month that ensures he is not a murderous monster, and Lupin is the very first competent Dark Arts professor Harry has had, so there is no reason to chase him out of the school—other than that Snape simply doesn't like him.

Snape might be the most competent adult Harry knows, but Harry has come to realize his standards are really low.

After the lesson, Hermione appears suspiciously thoughtful, and has to run to the library. Harry is sure she will have figured out Lupin's secret in a matter of hours or days.

He doesn't know what to do about it, though.

 

The Hufflepuff-Gryffindor Quidditch match cements Severus's certainty that Quidditch will be the death of Harry Potter.

The weather is atrocious, and in another universe, Severus wouldn't have even considered attending. He's seen enough Quidditch games in his day, and although he has to support Slytherin, he doesn't actually care. Certainly not enough to brave this awful weather.

But this universe's Severus attends every game, because he knows Quidditch is out to get Harry.

And it's lucky he does: dementors flood the field. Dumbledore devotes all his very considerable efforts to getting rid of them, and so it's Severus who first notices Harry has fallen unconscious on his broom, fifty feet above the ground. Severus summons Harry into the stands and catches him with a charm before he falls off his broomstick. Harry remains unconscious, which is very worrying. Meanwhile, Dumbledore has chased off the dementors and Hufflepuff's Seeker has caught the Snitch. Hufflepuff wins the match.

Severus lets Dumbledore take Harry to the hospital wing, but accompanies them quietly. The Gryffindor Quidditch team follows, dispirited and extremely muddy. After Harry wakes up, they tell him what happened, and then clear out. When Harry is alone, Severus shows himself, and hands Harry his broom.

Harry takes it with a hollow-sounding thank-you.

"Dementors make you relive your worst memories," Harry says dully to Severus, repeating something Severus taught him a while ago.

Severus nods.

"I hear... her... pleading... 'Not Harry, take me, kill me instead,'" says Harry, staring at the broomstick in his lap. He won't meet Severus's eyes. "He says, 'stand aside, you silly girl, stand aside, now.' She begs him to have mercy, and he laughs, and then she screams."

Severus's hand reaches out, seemingly of its own accord, and grasps Harry's hand. His grip is painfully tight.

"It's my mum," says Harry dully. "Being murdered by You-Know-Who."

Severus says nothing, but his grip gets even tighter.

"He offered her the chance to live," Harry says, and finally looks up at Severus. "Did you know that? She could have lived if she'd just moved."

Severus shakes his head. He feels about a hundred years old right now.

"Do you wish she had?" Harry persists. "Stepped aside and let me die instead of her."

"No, Harry, no," Severus says forcefully, squeezing his hand painfully. "Never. Never think you were not worth your mother's love."

Harry closes his eyes and leans back onto the bed. "Why did the dementors come to the match?"

Severus clears his throat. "They're not in Azkaban with their steady supply of humans to feed on," Severus says hoarsely. "They're hungry. They do not care whether their victims are cold-blooded murderers or innocent schoolchildren."

"I need to learn to fight dementors," Harry says, eyes still clenched shut.

"There is a charm," Severus agrees. "Remember, I used it when we went to Hogsmeade?"

Harry nods. "You made a silver doe appear and chase them away," he agrees.

"It's called the Patronus Charm," Severus explains. "It's highly advanced, and we've only had a handful of Defense Against the Dark Arts professors at Hogwarts over the years who are willing to teach it, even to N.E.W.T. students."

"But you can teach it to me?" Harry asks, his tone desperate, his eyes flying open.

"I'll try," Severus says. Harry's face still looks drawn and exhausted. "But you mustn't blame yourself if you cannot master it right away, Harry, as you are prone to do."

"I'll try," says Harry with a weak smile as he echoes Severus's words.

 

Severus escorts the students to Hogsmeade in December again. He ushers them past the dementors and leaves them alone to shop. It is cold, but Severus spends the time patrolling the street outside, keeping an eye on all Hogwarts students as best he can. Then McGonagall, Flitwick, Hagrid, and Minister Fudge come by and invite Severus to have drinks with them in the Three Broomsticks. He accepts, albeit a bit reluctantly. He doesn't like being social at the best of times, but it is always a good idea to endear oneself to the sitting Minister.

Together, the party makes its way to the only empty table in the pub. Severus nods politely at Harry and his friends, who are sitting in the booth next door, although none of the rest of his party seems to notice them. Rosmerta serves the professors drinks and joins them. The conversation turns, inevitably, to Sirius Black.

Fudge is a bit of an idiot, and he's talking rather loudly about Harry when Harry is sitting just behind him. Fudge makes it clear that Harry isn't supposed to know that Sirius Black was his godfather or is after him. Severus refrains from rolling his eyes and politely listens to the story about "Dumbledore's useful spy who tipped the Potters off," told in the third-person, without batting an eye.

And he does learn a few new things. Dumbledore was worried about a traitor in his ranks and offered to be the Potters' Secret-Keeper himself. That is news to Severus, who was never informed that Dumbledore doubted any of his own people before Black showed his true colors. Severus also learns, with a shudder, that Sirius Black wanted to take Harry from the ruins of his parents' house, but Hagrid stopped him just in time. Fudge's description of the moment Black was caught is particularly vivid and colorful. And, most interesting of all, Fudge shares that he doesn't think Azkaban made Black mad.

"But what do you think he's broken out to do?" says Madam Rosmerta, asking the question that has been on Severus's mind all year. "Good gracious, Minister, he isn't trying to rejoin You-Know-Who, is he?"

"I daresay that is his—er—eventual plan," says Fudge evasively. "But we hope to catch Black long before that. I must say, You-Know-Who alone and friendless is one thing... but give him back his most devoted servant, and I shudder to think how quickly he'll rise again...."

McGonagall puts her glass down with a little more force than necessary, and suggests they return to the castle.

The rest of the professors leave the pub, but Severus lingers to make eye contact with Harry, who has also listened to Fudge's story intently. Harry gives Severus a small nod, letting Severus know that he's all right.

Thank goodness he's already heard the most upsetting parts of that story.

 

Christmas arrives at Hogwarts.

In his Care of Magical Creatures class, Harry is saddened to learn that the school governors decided not to insist on terminating Hagrid after the incident with Malfoy, and instead have focused their ire on the hippogriff. This seems backwards to Harry. The hippogriff, after all, is just an animal. It behaves according to its nature and instincts. It is up to the professionals, the adults, to keep the children safe, because that is their job, and Hagrid—although he means well—has no idea how to do that.

Hagrid is most upset about his hippogriff's fate, but Harry personally just wishes he'd never signed up for Care of Magical Creatures in the first place.

Scabbers is still missing, and Ron is still depressed about it. Harry and Hermione try to keep his spirits up, but there's no denying that his pet actively escaped and ran away from him. It's not a very nice thing to think about.

On Christmas morning, Harry receives his usual pile of gifts, including a light blue scarf and some other trinkets and books from Snape. This year, finally, Harry thinks he has got used to the idea of getting presents. Harry eventually leaves Gryffindor Tower to take tea with Snape in his rooms downstairs, and Christmas dinner is its usual festive celebration. Harry notices, again, that the lone Slytherin student in the castle is wearing a light blue scarf this year, and Harry smiles at the boy. He doesn't return Harry's smile, which Harry shrugs off philosophically.

Professor Trelawney joins them. This is the first time Harry has met her, but he immediately understands why Hermione has been ranting all year about her dislike for the woman and her drama over fate and superstitions.

Snape is eyeing her with pronounced dislike as well, and Harry finds that interesting. Then again, McGonagall spends most of the meal deliberately baiting Trelawney, so perhaps it is a universal thing.
Chapter 16: Prongs Rides Again
Chapter Text

Severus begins Harry's Patronus lessons during the break. Severus was willing to leave it until term started again, but Harry insisted.

The lessons go about as well as can be expected. Harry manages to generate a wisp of silver and keep it in the air for a few moments, but it drains him and he is exhausted after the first lesson.

"Shouldn't we practice with real dementors, sir?" Harry asks, desperation in his eyes again.

"Er, no," says Severus. "Absolutely not. I would never teach Patronuses to a beginner student while in a dementor's presence. You must learn to cast the Patronus reliably, and strongly, and then, maybe, we can walk outside the castle and let you test it in real life. But only if I am there as well. You're no match for the dozens of dementors surrounding the grounds."

"And you are?" Harry asks, a little impudently.

Severus gives a self-satisfied chuckle. "You've seen me drive them away from us on the way to Hogsmeade," he reminds Harry. "But really, I'm only handling them as well as I do because they've also been ordered by the Ministry to stay away from us. If they were following someone else's orders to attack us... well, we'd be in trouble."

Harry groans. "But I heard Dumbledore drove away about a hundred of them at once!"

"Dumbledore is an exceptionally powerful wizard," Severus replies, and that is all Severus will say on the topic. "So did you have a nice Christmas, Harry?"

"Yeah," Harry says, honestly enough, but then he unburdens himself about an innocent animal paying for Hagrid's mistakes, and Care of Magical Creatures being a useless class now, and Scabbers still going missing, and how Hermione is taking a literally impossible number of classes and can't seem to get through her homework... and then Harry finally confesses that he met up with Voldemort's portrait and had a chat about Harry's family and about Severus himself.

Severus says nothing for any of this, just makes sympathetic noises in appropriate places. When Harry finishes, he looks at Severus expectantly, but Severus stays silent.

"He brought up the prophecy," Harry says nervously.

"What did he say about it?"

"It foretold that I would be born with the power to vanquish him," Harry says, licking his suddenly dry lips.

"And?"

"Well, does he know that he heard an incomplete version?"

"Yes."

Harry stares at Severus for a while. "Are you sure you don't know the complete version?" Harry asks eventually.

"Yes," Severus answers. "I have—I've used magical tools to aid my recollection. They have all failed."

"Is there any way we could find out what it says?" Harry asks, leaning forward.

Severus stares at the floor and takes a deep breath. He steels himself and looks back up at Harry. "Dumbledore knows the entire prophecy," Severus admits quietly.

"What! How?"

"It was spoken to him."

"I—well, he needs to tell us what it said!" Harry cries in outrage.

"He is not going to," Severus says, his voice still very small. "I have asked him, repeatedly. He thinks you are too young to be burdened with it."

"That's bullcrap," Harry says stubbornly.

Severus doesn't even chide Harry for his language. He stays silent.

"I hate him, and I hate You-Know-Who!" Harry bursts out.

Severus nods, but still does not respond.

"Are you really planning on helping him?" Harry demands.

"The Dark Lord?" Severus asks. "Yes, I am."

Harry slumps against the sofa, his energy and his outrage fleeing as quickly as it came. "I was appalled at the idea, at first," he admits. "But then—well—Black's here, isn't he? If he helps You-Know-Who first, we're dead."

Severus rubs his arms like he caught a sudden chill. "Black can't help the Dark Lord," he says, his voice steady despite the frisson. "I've been looking into the issue for over a year, with all my resources and freedom to travel the world, and I don't have a definitive solution yet. Black won't be able to do a tenth of what I've already accomplished."

"He could take a portrait frame out of the castle and get help somewhere else," Harry argues. "Or he could be here to threaten Dumbledore and try to force the solution out of him."

"Black is nowhere near powerful enough to—"

"But Black is ruthless and has no problems slaughtering innocent people, right?" Harry interrupts. "He could kidnap students as hostages and bargain their lives against You-Know-Who's."

Severus smiles, almost in spite of himself. "Yes, you're very creative, Harry. I'm not sure I think Black is as creative as you. He's been driven mad from Azkaban—"

"Except he hasn't," Harry says urgently. "Fudge said the dementors don't affect him. He's normal. And now he's free and somewhere near Hogwarts."

"Look," says Severus firmly. "The Dark Lord is exceptionally good at manipulating people. I am working with him in the clear understanding that he knows precisely what my weak points are and how to use them. You must not deal with him unless you have the same understanding. He has struck fear into your heart, a fear that is not necessarily rational, and you must acknowledge that and move past it before you can decide whether to deal with him."

Harry is quiet.

"Yes, part of why I believe I may help him is to prevent him being resurrected by someone else, and being faced with a Dark Lord returned to full power who has no reason to leave me or you alive. But I also have accepted that I care more about your life than other innocent people I don't know, who may die if there's another war. I am prepared to live with myself after this. Can you say the same thing, Harry? Can you imagine opening the Daily Prophet, a year from now, and reading that your classmates or your classmates' parents have died, and knowing that I caused it by bringing the Dark Lord back?"

Severus's voice is ringing by the time he finishes, and Harry shrinks back from him.

"I don't know," Harry whispers after a while. "I guess I think it's inevitable that he'll be back. Dumbledore certainly talks as if he thinks so. He told me once it will take people who are prepared to fight a losing battle, again and again and again."

"Well," says Severus, leaning back a little in his chair and closing his eyes for a moment. "I think it inevitable as well. But I know why I think that. The Dark Lord was the most powerful person in my life for my formative years. He's shaped much of who I am. So when he says things, I tend to believe them instinctively, even if there is no rational reason to do so."

"So you... you trust him to keep his word? If he comes back, he won't be out to kill me?" Harry sounds very hesitant.

"I do," says Severus. "He has always been intentional about keeping his word, to my knowledge."

Harry frowns, thinking hard about something. It takes him a while to form the right words.

"But you asked him to spare my mum and he didn't," Harry whispers.

"He promised me he would give her a chance to cooperate with him," Severus says, closing his eyes again as he speaks. It is painful to talk of this and look at Harry at the same time. "It's quite clear now that she did chose not to cooperate with him that night."

"Oh," says Harry in a flat voice.

Severus buries his head in his hands, and doesn't respond.

"Er," says Harry. "Will you tell me the exact wording of your promise to help him and his promise to you?"

It takes a second for Severus to gather his thoughts before he lifts his head and answers. "That he will not harm you or me, as long as we do not harm him or attempt to 'vanquish' him. He added that last part, of course, because of that blasted prophecy."

"Oh," murmurs Harry. "Yes, of course. Would he—but his Death Eaters will want to harm me, no doubt. Will his promise cover them?"

Severus nods. "I will see that it does."

Harry shivers.

"I'm sorry I visited him," Harry says abruptly. "I don't plan on doing it again."

"Probably for the best," Severus agrees with a shudder of his own.

 

Term starts up again. Scabbers is still missing. Harry gets ever so slightly better at conjuring silver mist, although it never looks anything near as beautiful as Severus's graceful doe. Harry works hard at Quidditch practice. Hermione continues to attend way too many classes. The Ministry announces that when Black is caught, dementors will have permission to perform the kiss.

No one tries to kill Harry during the Ravenclaw-Gryffindor Quidditch match, and the dementors don't show up either. Gryffindor wins, thanks to Harry's talent as a Seeker, and with enough of a margin of victory to have a shot at taking the Quidditch cup. Harry is on such a high that he insists that Severus take him out to test out his Patronus on real dementors. He just knows he can produce one now, with such a recent, completely happy memory.

Against his better judgment, Severus agrees. Harry slips out of the Gryffindor celebration that evening with his invisibility cloak and accompanies Severus up the path. Once far enough away from the castle, Harry takes off the cloak and chatters to Severus excitedly about all the moves he made during the match.

Severus listens with a patience born of fondness for the boy, rather than for the game of Quidditch.

The approach the castle walls, and Severus produces his Patronus. Rather than sending her to chase down dementors, he keeps her circling close by, enough to keep the chill off but not enough to drive the dementors away.

Harry, still flushed with excitement over the game, whips out his wand and cries, "Expecto Patronum!"

Something silver, something enormous, erupts from the end of his wand and charges straight at the dementors, who scatter.

"I did it!" Harry cries, eyes bright and mind clear. "I did it!!"

Severus gives him a pleased but tired smile, and keeps his own Patronus going until Harry and Severus are back safe within the walls of Hogwarts. Severus gives the doe a small pat on her vaporous head before he lets her disappear.

"What shape do you think mine was?" Harry asks excitedly. "It moved so fast, I couldn't tell."

Severus turns to look at the boy. Severus has never—not since his first glimpse of Harry as an unloved, unhappy child—set eyes on Harry and mistaken him for James. But if he looks for it, he can see it. That hair, the glasses, the same facial structure, the same mouth, the same eyebrows—the older Harry gets, in fact, the more he looks like his father. With Lily's eyes.

"It was a stag," Severus says finally. "Just like your father's. That is part of why his nickname in school was Prongs."

A flood of warmth enters Harry's eyes at this information, and he spends the rest of the walk back to the castle lost in his thoughts. At the entrance hall, Severus tells him to put the cloak back on, and walks with him all the way to Gryffindor Tower in silence.

 

Severus is woken in the middle of the night by a house-elf with more news of Sirius Black.

Sirius Black has been sighted again, this time in Harry's dorm room.

This is the stuff Severus's nightmares are made of. He gets out of bed and helps the teachers and staff search the castle, but they turn up empty handed. He returns to Slytherin's common room in the early morning, with the news that Black has once again escaped detection.

Severus does not get a chance to talk to Harry until late that evening. For some reason, Harry still does not seem afraid of Sirius Black wanting to kill him. Harry points out that Black slashed Ron's bed curtains, and didn't hurt any of the sleeping students. Harry is convinced it has to do with Black's plot to restore Voldemort, but even Harry can't figure out how slashing bed curtains is helpful to anyone.

"Would human sacrifice—sacrificing a pure-blood boy—restore You-Know-Who to a body?" Harry speculates to Severus.

"Goodness, child," says Severus. "What has you thinking about human sacrifices?"

"I have an overactive imagination," Harry confesses. "So would it?"

Severus sighs. "You can power a lot of spells with a human sacrifice," he admits. "But I don't know of any specific way to relate it to magical portraiture."

"Not that you've looked into it or anything," says Harry, raising his eyebrows.

Severus keeps a perfectly straight face and sends Harry away.
Chapter 17: A Mysterious Death
Notes:

    Hello readers! The spoiler version of the warning for this chapter is in the end notes.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

A couple days later, Harry and his friends visit Hagrid and learn that his hippogriff has been summoned to a hearing in London to determine the creature's fate. Hermione, even though she has no free time whatsoever, has been doing legal research to try to help Hagrid.

"This is ridiculous," Harry decides after the three of them have returned to the castle. "I'm going to talk to Malfoy."

Hermione and Ron don't see the point, but Harry is undeterred. He deserts Ron and sits down next to Malfoy during their next Potions class.

"Look, Malfoy," says Harry as they slice tubeworms into precisely equal pieces - or try to. Malfoy has finally recovered the use of his arm and seems to be feeling much better. "What's your dad's angle with trying to execute an innocent animal? Why not just fire Hagrid? The incident was much more his fault than the hippogriff's."

For some reason, Malfoy goes red. He doesn't say anything to Harry for a long time, measuring out whole peppercorns.

Harry turns his attention to his own potion, and waits.

"He tried," Malfoy finally admits. "He tried to get Hagrid fired, but the governors have to vote unanimously to fire a teacher over the headmaster's refusal. And Father—well, they didn't vote unanimously," says Malfoy.

"Ah... but he has friends on the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures," Harry understands at once.

Malfoy just shrugs.

"Let's work together on this," Harry proposes. "I don't think Hagrid should keep teaching that class. I also don't think executing his pet is the right way to go."

"Dumbledore won't fire him, I told you," Malfoy replies a bit sharply.

"Forget Dumbledore," Harry snorts. "Hagrid will offer his resignation voluntarily."

Malfoy peers at Harry through narrowed eyes. "He will? How?"

Harry smiles. "Because you'll find a way to make it clear that his pet's life will be spared if he resigns from his post."

Malfoy's eyes narrow even further. "That's a very Slytherin plot, Harry Potter," he responds. 

"It also happens to be the right thing to do," Harry insists.

"Fine," says Malfoy. "But I refuse to talk to that great oaf. You tell him that I said that father said that we'll ask for his stupid hippogriff to be pardoned if he gives up his teaching post."

"But will your father do it?" Harry asks with raised eyebrows.

Malfoy nods. "Father will do whatever I want," he says simply, and Harry thinks that explains a lot about why Malfoy is the way he is.

 

McGonagall has another try at convincing Harry not to go to Hogsmeade, with Black having made another appearance in the castle, and Severus overrides her again. He tells Harry to be watchful, and to take his invisibility cloak - not for use except in emergencies, of course.

Hermione stays in the castle to study, so Harry and Ron are on their own for the trip. The boys happen to run into Malfoy and his friends outside the Shrieking Shack.

"Talked to your giant pal again?" Malfoy asks Harry casually, leaning on the fence in front of the Shack.

"Not yet," Harry answers, and ignores Ron's quizzical look.

"The hearing is today," Malfoy replies.

"I know," Harry agrees.

"Father went to testify."

"Okay," says Harry.

"I thought we had a deal!" Malfoy is indignant for some reason.

"It'll work better if the offer comes after the Committee has voted to execute Buckbeak," Harry says with a shrug.

A sly grin appears on Malfoy's face. "That's evil, Potter," he says with relish.

"Sometimes the ends justify the means," says Harry with another shrug. "Did you tell your father about our plan?"

"Not yet," says Malfoy. "Not until you have your end sealed up."

Harry nods, and then lets Ron drag him away from the Shack and interrogate him about the 'deal.' Once Ron learns about how Harry is going to trade Hagrid's professorship for Buckbeak's life, Ron is impressed and also agrees with Malfoy.

"That is a bit evil, mate," he says.

"Come on," Harry says in exasperation. "You don't think Hagrid's a good teacher, do you?"

Ron shakes his head. "He's pretty bad," Ron admits.

Harry gives a decisive nod.

The news waiting for them at the castle when they get back is what Harry expected. Hermione finds them, and hands them a letter from Hagrid. Hagrid is bringing Buckbeak back to Hogwarts and an execution date will be set.

"There'll be an appeal," says Hermione, but she sounds hopeless.

Harry doesn't tell Hermione his plan. He doesn't think she'll approve. "It'll be ok," he says instead.

Harry corners Hagrid after their next Care of Magical Creatures lesson, aware that Malfoy is watching him closely.

"It's all my fault. Got all tongue-tied. I mixed everything up and couldn't remember what you looked up for me, Hermione. And then Lucius Malfoy stood up and said his bit, and the Committee just did exactly what he told them to...."

"Look, Hagrid, there's still a way to save Buckbeak," Harry says in a low undertone. They are walking back up to the castle with the rest of the class, and deliberately lingering behind the other students.

Hagrid sniffs. "It's no good, Harry," says Hagrid sadly. "That Committee's in Lucius Malfoy's pocket."

"Right," Harry agrees grimly. "And Lucius Malfoy will make a deal with you." Harry ignores the look on Hermione's face and plows ahead. "He doesn't care about Buckbeak, not really. He wants someone else teaching his son Care of Magical Creatures. If you resign the post, he'll write the committee and ask them to pardon Buckbeak. And we all know they'll do as he says."

Hagrid looks at Harry in pure astonishment. "But that's...."

"I know," says Harry. "Very Slytherin. But it's worth it, isn't it? To save Buckbeak?"

"I—I don't know, Harry," Hagrid answers slowly. "I guess...."

Harry gives Hagrid his best reassuring smile as they reach the castle steps. "Think about it," he says. "Let me know. Unless you want to deal with Malfoy yourself."

Hagrid shudders at that, shakes his head, and then turns around and hurries back to his cabin.

Hermione has a lot to say to Harry about that later, but Harry doesn't care. He views it as a good, solid day's work. Perhaps living with Professor Snape has rubbed off on Harry more than he thought.

By Easter, Hagrid has agreed to Lucius Malfoy's (really Harry's) terms. He'll resign his post at the end of the year, telling Dumbledore that it was too much to juggle and he prefers to go back to being gamekeeper. Harry tells Draco Malfoy, who—to his credit—immediately holds up his end of the deal by writing his father.

Buckbeak is pardoned that very week.

 

On the first day back from the Easter holidays, a group of students hear a castle ghost emit a loud shriek. The ghost comes barreling out of an abandoned classroom, yelling about Sirius Black at the top of his ghostly lungs. The students, abandoning all common sense, enter the classroom and find Sirius Black's dead body.

The news spreads instantly, and the school is in an uproar. Dumbledore calls the Ministry to remove the body, and reports to the teachers at a staff meeting that the Aurors determined Black died from the Killing Curse.

Dumbledore gives Severus the side-eye as he says this, because Severus is unable—or unwilling—to suppress his elation at Black's death.

Severus snidely offers to let Dumbledore check his wand. He has been nowhere near the classroom in question and his wand has not cast the Killing Curse since Voldemort fell.

Dumbledore doesn't check his wand, but he shoots Severus a stern, quelling look anyway.

Severus doesn't care. He doesn't even try to hide that he wishes he were the one to have finished off Sirius Black.

As for Harry, he can't help but be a little pleased that Black is gone. While Harry doesn't think he personally could have killed the man, he also can't feel anything but relief at the prospect of a world without him. It means the dementors will leave, and McGonagall can stop harassing Harry about Hogsmeade and Quidditch. No one is in competition with Severus to resurrect Voldemort first.

All seems well.

And then Harry hears that Black was found in a dirty, disused classroom on the left-hand corridor on the fourth floor.

Harry—far from the only student in the school to do so—acts the voyeur and has a peek into the classroom with Ron and Hermione. Sure enough, it's the same one with the painting of snakes on red satin. It's filthier than it was before—not as dusty, but there are animal droppings on the floor. Harry leaves quickly, before he can be noticed by any portraits.

And Harry's mind is buzzing with more questions. Did Black fight with his master? Can portrait-Voldemort use magic to kill someone? Did someone else interrupt Black in a ritual to restore Voldemort to life? If so, why isn't there another body? Can someone have overpowered Black but not stuck around to collect the cash reward?

Harry shares his questions with Snape, but Snape doesn't have any answers, and he has less curiosity about the matter than Harry.

Harry eventually lets himself be distracted by Quidditch, the only thing capable of taking his mind off the fate of a notorious mass murderer. Gryffindor has the chance to take the cup, but it will require a lot of hard work and a perfectly executed strategy against Slytherin.

After a match full of dirty tactics and lots of penalties awarded for cheating—but no injuries to Harry—Gryffindor wins by enough of a margin to secure the Quidditch Cup. If the dementors had still been around, Harry would have begged Snape to let Harry at them without Snape's Patronus as a protection. As it is, he spends the Gryffindor celebration in the tower showing off by casting it every now and then and watching the stag canter around the excited students.

He can't help but dream about how proud his father would be if he could see him now.
Notes:

    Character death warning: Sirius Black dies.

    I'm sorry! I actually love Sirius, he's one of my favorite characters. If you're interested in what I think would happen if Snape raises Harry in a world where Sirius does not die, try my Severus/Sirius fic.

Chapter 18: Peter Pettigrew's Tale
Chapter Text

The week after Gryffindor's Quidditch win, Harry gets a letter at breakfast. Harry does not receive a lot of letters, so he is wary. He tucks it in his robes and doesn't open it right away. He stays behind after Potions on Thursday, and asks Snape to examine the letter for curses.

"It's from the Ministry," says Snape, handing the letter back to Harry. "It's safe."

Harry pulls a few pieces of parchment out of the envelope and reads them, a frown growing on his face.

"Woah," Harry says when he finishes, staring at the parchment.

Snape raises an eyebrow in inquiry.

"Sirius Black left a will naming me his sole heir," says Harry slowly. "According to the Ministry, he hadn't updated his will since my parents died. As his godson, he left me everything."

Snape blinks. "Oh," he says.

Harry swallows, unable to determine what the proper emotion for this situation would be. "Yeah. So. I inherited some gold, and a house, and everything in the house."

"Do they give the address of the house?"

Harry looks at the letter again. "Number 12, Grimmauld Place, London."

Snape sighs. "Yes, that is an ancestral Black family property. Sirius was the last of the male Blacks. I suppose I am not terribly surprised that he left everything to you; he had no children of his own. Although I am surprised a family like the Blacks did not have enchantments in place to prevent such a bequest. Historically, they have been among the families that decreed the direct line, male-preference, would inherit. And... well, the family was obsessed with blood purity. Has the Ministry investigated as to whether a spell or enchantment has been set upon the house to ensure that it cannot be owned by anyone other than a pureblood?"

Harry reads the letter more carefully. "They don't say anything like that, just that the key to the Gringotts account will be available to me upon request at the bank if I show them the will."

Snape sighs. "The usual incompetence, then," he says gloomily. "Well, you and I can go investigate ourselves if you like. I have been to the house before. Or we can simply ignore it. It's not a very, er, nice place."

"Oh!" says Harry. "No, I definitely want to investigate."

"This summer, then," Snape promises. "It's far too complicated to take you out of school during term."

"Sounds great," Harry agrees. It does sound great. He has a house, and even more money than he had before. He tries not to feel too disturbed over how it happened. Sirius Black owed him anyway... right?

 

As exams grow closer, Severus stays busy by trying to terrify his students into actually studying for the exams. One weekday morning, he is scowling at his Hufflepuff-Ravenclaw first years for forgetting everything he told them last week, when an intruder alert goes off.

Someone has broken into his office, which is actually a commonplace occurrence. Students try that all the time. If they're brave enough to risk his wrath, he doesn't actually go to much trouble to stop them. It is somewhat of a rite of passage in Slytherin House.

But this alarm means someone is trying to steal something that Severus has buried under layers and layers of anti-detection and anti-theft charms.

He Vanishes the first years' potions, telling them that class is dismissed early. They're extremely pleased at this, and Severus hurries into his office, taking the stairs between the office and the classroom two at a time.

A man is frozen near his bookshelves, trapped in the anti-theft spell. He has tried to take one of the books, without appropriate precautions to dismantle the protective curses.

It is Peter Pettigrew... albeit sixteen years older than when Severus had last seen him.

Severus gapes at him, mouth hanging open, for way too long.

He is still a very short man. His thin, nearly white hair is unkempt and there is a large bald patch on the top of his head. His eyes are watering, and thanks to Severus's traps, he has no awareness of what is going on around him.

Severus approaches him cautiously, and wrenches the book free of Pettigrew's grasp. It's one of the books on magical portraiture from San Francisco—it's the most important book of the lot, in fact. It's the one that has the spell that Severus will need to adapt in order to free Voldemort of his portrait prison.

Absolutely no one should know about this book. Severus hasn't even confided these details in Harry. The only other person who would know is... Voldemort.

A very, very bad feeling creeps over Severus, and with his wand, he slides up the left sleeve of Pettigrew's robe to peer at his arm.

Peter Pettigrew has a Dark Mark.

Severus swallows, hard, and backs away. He whirls on the portrait at the back of the office, and raps sharply on its frame.

"Master," he cries, his voice agitated. "My Lord! We need to talk!"

He doesn't wait long before Voldemort enters the frame. He stands on the brown winter grass as though he owns it. He glances at Severus, then gives a careful look around Severus's office, his gaze eventually landing on Pettigrew. His face is unreadable.

"Explain," Severus orders, and he doesn't even wince at the temerity of giving orders to his former master.

Voldemort shoots him a withering glare and doesn't deign to answer.

Severus clutches his book tighter. "Did you think Peter Pettigrew can do this spell?" Severus asks, feeling near-hysterical. "I have been researching this issue for two years. Pettigrew probably can't even understand the spells in this book! And even if he did, this spell won't work! It requires a modification that is far beyond Pettigrew's mediocre—"

"Silence," says Voldemort coldly, and although he didn't raise his voice, Severus shuts his mouth at once.

"Can you really blame me for not entirely trusting you, Severus?" Voldemort asks, his tone becoming gentle.

"I can and I do," says Severus plaintively. "I promised to help you, in exchange for my and the boy's safety, and you accepted. What is Pettigrew doing in my office? Alive?" His voice is shrill again by the end of this last word.

Voldemort sighs. "I will tell you the truth, I suppose. But once I am done, you will let Pettigrew help you. You will not harm him."

Severus blinks. "Why would I want to harm him? Does he want to harm me? Or Harry?"

Voldemort gives him a predatory grin. "Probably not. In any event, I shall not permit him to. Your word, Severus."

Severus slumps over a little. "I give you my word, Master," he says. He has no idea when he'll be able to cure himself of the habit of addressing this man as his master.

"The truth, then," says Voldemort calmly. "Sirius Black was never a Death Eater. He was never the Potters' Secret-Keeper. They switched at the last minute, believing that Black was too obvious a target for me. They chose Pettigrew... who had already been serving me for a year by that point."

Severus's eyes go wide.

"When I fell, Pettigrew feared both the Aurors and my followers, whom he knew would have no cause to love him for his role in my downfall. He knew he had to fake his death, and the opportunity came when Sirius Black cornered him in London. Black had no idea that Pettigrew had become a decent wizard under my tutelage, and Pettigrew took Black by surprise. Pettigrew blasted apart the street, cut off his own finger, and sped away into the sewers as a rat."

"As a rat?"

"Oh, yes, he's an Animagus. All his friends were. Did you not know?"

Severus is breathing very hard. "Potter was a stag. Lupin a werewolf. And Black...?"

"A large, black dog," answers Voldemort. "Pettigrew and I decided that's how he escaped Azkaban. Dementors can't sense the presence of animals so well as they can humans, and Black realized that Pettigrew was living as a rat with a student at Hogwarts—Potter's friend Weasley. Black has been hunting Pettigrew this entire year. He finally tracked him down in a classroom on the fourth floor, where Pettigrew has lived since discovering my existence—Potter let it slip in front of his friend's pet rat that I am here in portraiture form—but again, Black wasn't fast enough for Pettigrew. They both transformed into humans, and Pettigrew got off the Killing Curse first."

Voldemort shrugs. "With Black no longer hunting him, Pettigrew agreed to be more proactive. We decided to start by acquiring that book you are so protective of."

Severus possessively clutches harder at the book in question. He now understands why Voldemort made him promise not to harm Pettigrew—as that is quite literally all he wants to do right now. Pettigrew, not Black, was Lily's betrayer. Peter Pettigrew! Of all people.

And Lupin! Lupin has known, this whole year, that Black is sneaking in and out of the castle as a dog. He might have even recognized Pettigrew the rat, if he'd been proactive about anything this year other than crossdressing Severus the boggart. Severus resolves on the spot to 'accidentally' let it slip to some Slytherins that Lupin is a werewolf. He'll be gone within the week. A fitting end for yet another Defense Against the Dark Arts professor.

With an effort, Severus pulls himself together. He focuses on his conversation with Voldemort again. "As I said, my Lord, Pettigrew cannot perform this task. The spell in this book, even if he could cast it successfully, will only pull you out of the portrait into your own body. It needs to be modified in two ways. First, it can only be cast by the person who trapped you in the first place, so I will need to fool it into thinking I am Dumbledore. Second, it needs to be modified to pull you into a created body that has never had any association with you. Pettigrew does not stand a chance in hell of figuring out how to do this."

"I see," says Voldemort thoughtfully. "Well, I have never thought you deficient in intelligence or creativity. But you will accept Pettigrew's help to create this body for me."

Severus dips his head in acquiescence.

As long as Voldemort is not pushing Severus out of this resurrection project, Harry will be safe.

Voldemort looks back at Pettigrew's frozen form. "That's a rather Dark spell you have on your things, Severus," Voldemort continues in a light tone. "Does Dumbledore know you have this spell where students could encounter it?"

Severus scowls. "Students come in here to steal potions ingredients. There aren't any protection spells on those. A student wouldn't even know where to begin to look for my books, let alone find them and run into my spell."

"So, no, Dumbledore doesn't know," summarizes Voldemort, who seems to find this highly amusing.

Severus lifts one shoulder.

"Revive Pettigrew, and inform him that you two will be working together," Voldemort orders.

Severus aims his wand at Pettigrew, undoing the complex enchantments holding him, and soon the man collapses to the floor, breathing very hard and eyes darting around the room wildly.

It's not a pleasant experience, being frozen fully conscious but in complete sensory deprivation. Severus smirks at him a little. "Get up, Pettigrew," he snaps. "We have a task."

"S-Snape," stutters the man, who stays cringing on the floor and makes no move to get up. "How nice to see you."

"Likewise," returns Severus with all the sarcasm he can muster, which is a considerable amount.

 

Pettigrew continues to spend most of his time in rat form. It would not do to have anyone else catch a glimpse of him. Severus agrees he can hide in Severus's rooms, which also destroys Severus's privacy there. It is most unwelcome, but fortunately, it is also temporary.

Both Severus and Harry focus on exams for the next few weeks. It isn't until after they're over, and Harry comes down to visit on the evening after the last exam, that Severus has any chance to share what he's learned with Harry.

Severus serves tea, listens to Harry chat about how exams went, and then steels himself.

"Ready for another unpleasant story?" Severus asks warily.

Harry puts down his teacup and sighs. "I suppose so."

"Well," says Severus, "I only just learned this myself. It's—no one else knows anything about it."

"What?" Harry asks, leaning forward, intrigued.

As succinctly as he can, Severus tells Harry the story of the Secret-Keeper switch, and Peter Pettigrew hiding out as Scabbers the rat. He finishes by explaining that Voldemort—just like Harry suspected—was hoping to have another one of his followers help him with his resurrection, cutting Severus out of the deal.

At the moment, Harry can't manage to care that he was right about that all along. "Sirius Black was innocent?" he whispers.

"Of this particular crime? It appears so," Severus answers bitterly.

"And Pettigrew is the traitor, the Death Eater, and he's alive, and murdered Black, and you're not turning him in?"

"I had to promise not to harm him in exchange for learning the truth," Severus reminds Harry.

The boy clenches and unclenches his fists. "I'd kill him if I had my hands on him right now."

Luckily for Pettigrew, he is currently hidden out of sight in a cupboard.

Severus doesn't say anything to that. He can't particularly blame Harry for feeling that way.

Harry abruptly stands up and storms out of the room, making sure the door slams behind him.

Severus sighs. That could have gone worse, he supposes.

 

Harry doesn't share this particular story with his friends. How could he? Ron would never be able to live down having had a Death Eater as a pet. And there is no proof, none at all, for Severus's version of events unless Harry were to get a hold of Scabbers, force him into human form—spells way beyond Harry's capabilities—and hand him to the Ministry dosed with Veritaserum.

Besides, Black is dead. There is no one to help, no one to save with this story.

And Harry would have to confide in Hermione and Ron that he and Severus are talking to Voldemort, and are probably going to help him return to a body and terrorize the wizarding world.

A bad idea all around, but that reasoning doesn't stop Harry from being very, very angry at the world for the rest of the term.

After exams, Hermione tells Harry and Ron her big secret—she's been using a Time Turner all year. But it's been driving her mad, because she can only use it to double up on classes, not homework or sleep. She's going to hand it in, drop Divination and Muggle Studies, and have a normal schedule next year.

And Severus gives away Professor Lupin's secret, too. Harry isn't surprised. He's becoming used to the idea that Hogwarts can't keep a Dark Arts professor for longer than a year. Lupin never did try to approach Harry outside of class this year, and Harry doesn't know how he could possibly manage to talk to Lupin ever again, now that Harry knows (and Lupin doesn't) that Sirius Black died an innocent man.

Exam results come out: Harry and Ron did well, and Hermione is top of the third-year class in all but Defense Against the Dark Arts.

For the first time in over a decade, Gryffindor wins the House Cup, largely thanks to their spectacular performance in the Quidditch Cup. This means that the end of term feast takes place amid decorations of scarlet and gold for the first time in Harry's school career, and that the Gryffindor table is the noisiest of the lot, as everybody celebrates. Even Harry manages to forget about Peter Pettigrew as he eats, drinks, talks, and laughs with the rest.
Chapter 19: Rudimentary Body Potion
Notes:

    Happy new year, everyone. I hope your holidays were wonderful.

    There are warnings/spoilers in the end note for gory details in this chapter.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Harry and Severus are well used to their routine when the Hogwarts Express pulls into King's Cross. They meet up outside the magical barrier in the station, take Muggle transportation to Privet Drive, say a polite (or not-so-polite) hello to Petunia, have her sign some forms, and Portkey back to Spinner's End.

Harry unpacks his things, eats an enormous dinner, and when they retire to the sitting room, looks over at Severus with a smile.

"So what adventures are we going on this summer?"

"I have no plans to go to Egypt this year, as I have all the books I need."

"What are we doing instead?"

Severus's expression turns serious, and he sighs. "Well, I promised you a visit to Grimmauld Place. And I need to find a snake in Albania. And acquire some unicorn blood, which cannot typically be found in Britain even in the worst of illegal Dark Arts shops."

"Cool," says Harry. "Wait, you're not going to slay a unicorn, are you?"

"Of course not," Severus answers, scandalized. "I would be cursed for eternity if I slayed a unicorn."

"Right," Harry agrees. "So where are you getting it?"

"Probably Albania, as they don't have the same laws as Britain and it will be convenient to do in one trip."

"Can I come?"

Severus rubs his forehead tiredly. "The truth is, the Dark Lord has said you must come. But I am reluctant to bring you, for your safety. And I don't think you've figured out your answer to the moral dilemma of aiding in the Dark Lord's resurrection."

"I have," Harry insists. "It's the same answer that yours is. We want him in the world owing us a favor, rather than out to kill us."

Severus looks steadily into Harry's eyes. "And you can open a newspaper next year and read about Hermione Granger's parents dying?"

That gives Harry pause, but only for a second. "No, I'll use the favor he owes me on saving them," Harry reasons.

"His favors won't extend forever," says Severus grimly. "People will die, and you will have to confront some responsibility."

"Only some," says Harry. "It's like Quirrell from first year. People will die anyway. We have to save our own skin."

And Severus gives Harry a sharp look, because this is not an attitude James or Lily would have expressed in a million years. It is more an echo of how Severus has thought ever since he can remember learning how to think. Perhaps Severus should have left the boy alone when he delivered that dratted letter!

"Look, Harry, you have choices," Severus says with a sudden urgency. "You can go to Dumbledore, even now, and tell him everything. Blame me for kidnapping you, if you like. Ask for his protection, tell him about me and Pettigrew and the portrait, and see what he has to say."

Harry frowns. "What would he have to say?"

Severus shakes his head. He cannot come up with an answer.

"Send me back to the Dursleys, probably, and tell me I'm destined to save the world because of that prophecy," Harry says dismissively. Severus chokes on—again—how accurately this mirrors his own thoughts on the matter. "No chance I'm doing that. I want to go to Albania with you and find a unicorn and a snake."

"I'm the worst guardian in the history of guardians if I'm thinking of letting you do this," Severus mutters.

"No you're not," Harry says with a small wave of his hand. "You'll never lock me up in a dark cupboard and withhold meals for days as punishment, will you?"

Severus's breath hitches, and he wants to go back to Surrey and take his anger out of Petunia and Vernon Dursleys' hides.

"Right," he agrees when he can speak again.

 

A week later, they arrive via Portkey in the Adriatic Sea, just outside Lezhë, Albania. Snape points out some ancient, crumbling stone walls as they fly nearer to the town, telling Harry that the fortifications date to roughly the same period as when the Library of Alexandria was in its heyday.

"History class at school is never this interesting," Harry complains.

"I have no idea why Dumbledore puts up with Binns," Snape agrees with a frown.

"You should be headmaster," says Harry loyally.

Snape doesn't smile, but his lips quirk slightly. "I value the caretaking role I have for Slytherins and don't covet Dumbledore's job. But I can't deny I'd like to work for a headmaster who is devoted to the school and places student education above all else, rather than the many-hat-juggling, Dark-wizard-defeating hero we have now."

Harry giggles at this description.

"We'll conduct our business here in town, and then go look for the snake."

Snape lands them in a small market on the edge of town. He uses a translation spell to find the right stall, then pays what he tells Harry is an exorbitant amount of money in exchange for a small vial of unicorn blood.

Beggars can't be choosers.

"However, that was not as complicated as I feared," Snape adds. "I am, on the whole, rather pleased. Now we're heading inland for a bit. About half an hour's flight."

Summer is a nice time to visit Albania; everything is green and vibrant and beautiful below them. They fly over farmland, scrubby brush, clear-cut hillsides, and deep green forests. After about half an hour, they pass over a small, picturesque town nestled on the side of a lake in the hill country that Snape tells Harry is named Pukë.

"Do you speak Albanian?" Harry wants to know.

Snape snorts. "Not even a little. Albanian is distinctive in that it has a tiny handful of speakers, at least compared to other modern languages, and it has nothing in common with any other Indo-European language."

"You know so much," Harry marvels.

"I read a lot," Snape answers.

Snape and Harry fly a few minutes more, until they are east of town and hovering over a forest.

"Here is as good as anywhere else," Snape says, and he points his broomstick to the earth.

They land in a forest of vibrant green oak and darker green pines. The forest floor is clear of brush, and quiet.

"Ready to talk to some snakes?" Snape asks.

Harry grins. "Yes, sir."

Snape lays his wand in his palm, utters a quiet spell, and watches as it changes orientation.

"This way," says Snape, and he starts walking, Harry trotting behind him.

"Here," announces Snape, pulling up abruptly. "In the tree branches up here."

Harry cranes his neck to look at where Snape is pointing. He doesn't see anything, but he offers a tentative hissed inquiry in Parseltongue. "Hello?"

A gorgeous snake with a long, smooth-scaled olive body unwraps itself from a branch to peer down at Harry. "Hello," it offers.

"Greetings, snake friend," says Harry nervously. "I'm looking for an extremely large specimen of snake. Green scales, roughly twelve feet long? Not originally from around here."

The snake's tongue flickers in and out several times before it replies. "I know who you mean," it agrees. "Sshe is ssseveral dayss' journey to the north of here. Sshe keepss to herssself."

"Thank you," says Harry with a small bow, and turns to Snape to repeat the information in English.

They climb back on broomsticks and fly half an hour north, then repeat the exercise with several other snakes. Finally, they are pointed to a small cave in a hillside that has lost its forest and is all scrub.

"Why does it have to be this particular snake's venom, anyway? We've just encountered a lot of venomous snakes," Harry complains.

"The Dark Lord said so," is all Snape will say. "Now, Harry, remember everything we discussed," Snape continues sternly.

"Right, right," says Harry. He is not to get between the snake and Snape, and he is to stay close to Snape at all times, and take to the air the instant something seems wrong.

Harry raises his voice and calls out in Parseltongue in the direction of the cave. "Nagini? I am sent here by the Dark Lord Voldemort." The name comes easily from Harry's mouth; he has adopted the normal wizarding custom of not referring to that man by his name, but that has not made Harry afraid of saying the name. "He is trapped and needs your help to free himself."

Everything is silent. Then a long, lithe snake undulates out from inside the cave, sliding along the ground towards Harry and Snape. She is huge—at least ten feet long and as thick as a man's thigh.

"I misss him," she says, and she sounds wistful—for a snake. "Where iss he?"

"Britain," says Harry. "It's his native land. He will come back for you when he can. Will you help us?"

"Yesss," she says decisively.

Harry explains what they want to the snake, and when she consents to the procedure, Snape is the one to milk venom out of Nagini. He makes Harry stay fifty feet away. When Snape is finished, he tucks the bottle in this robes.

"When will he come for me?" Nagini asks plaintively as Snape and Harry mount their broomsticks again.

"I don't know," Harry says honestly. "But he misses you too. He will come for you as soon as he can."

Nagini watches with something like sadness in her eyes as Harry bids her farewell and takes off into the air.

 

Once back in Spinner's End, Severus starts brewing a potion from Nagini's venom and the unicorn blood. Severus tells Harry that from this point, they have everything they need to get Voldemort out of the portrait. They are just waiting for a time when Dumbledore is not at the school.

The opportunity comes when Severus receives word that Dumbledore and McGonagall are attending a Transfiguration conference in Belgium for the next few days.

Severus flat-out refuses to let Harry accompany him. "We don't need a Parselmouth," Severus says, "and I don't want you to witness this. Also, I don't really want you around a resurrected Dark Lord. Ever."

Harry argues, but gets nowhere. Severus warns Harry he better be working on his Potions essay by the time Severus returns, and Floo's to Hogwarts by himself.

 

Creating the body Voldemort will be drawn into is a messy, unpleasant business.

Good thing Severus has a lot of experience doing messy, unpleasant things.

Severus sets up a cauldron in his office beneath the portrait of sheep while Voldemort watches closely. He pours his potion—the one made with snake venom and unicorn blood—into the cauldron.

"Now," says Severus with a nasty smile at Pettigrew. "We need to associate the body that will be created from this potion with the Dark Lord."

Pettigrew nods like he understands, but he doesn't look afraid, so there's no way he has understood yet.

"Slice off your Dark Mark and slide the skin into the cauldron," Severus instructs him.

Pettigrew blanches. "What?"

"That's the best access we have to a piece of the Dark Lord's magic right now," Severus explains patiently.

"But it doesn't come off," protests Pettigrew.

"This isn't a method of permanently removing it, no," Severus agrees serenely. "The Mark lives beneath your skin, so it will grow back when the skin grows back. But the layer of skin containing the design has enough of the Dark Lord's magic such that the potion will recognize him when we draw him out of the portrait."

"I don't want to," protests Pettigrew. "Why me? You do it."

Severus looks up at the portrait for support. He can't do it himself, not anymore, but he has no intention of revealing that to Pettigrew.

"Do it, Wormtail," Voldemort orders coldly.

But Pettigrew whimpers and holds his arm against his chest protectively.

Severus grins evilly at him, and shoots a curse at Pettigrew that causes him to fall limply to the ground. He remains unresisting, though not by choice, when Severus grabs his arm. Severus pulls out a thin, sharp knife and begins cutting. Pettigrew screams and howls, but his arm muscles don't respond to him. He can't wrench it out of Severus's grip.

Severus delicately cuts away the skin bearing the Dark Mark—which is still detectable even if very faint—and carefully places it in the cauldron. Severus lights the fire underneath the cauldron and steps away.

He lets Pettigrew suffer a few more minutes—unnecessary, but enjoyable—and then bandages his skin, performs a basic healing spell, and releases him from the curse.

Pettigrew stays on the floor. He curls into a ball, whimpering, and clutches his arm to his chest again.

Severus raises an eyebrow and looks at Voldemort. "I knew he could not manage this on his own," observes Severus with satisfaction.

Voldemort does not reply to this. His attention is all on the cauldron.

As the cauldron heats up, the potion starts to coalesce, and thicken. When it is at precisely the right viscosity, Severus steps back from the cauldron.

"Your turn, Wormtail."

Pettigrew is still shaking when he stands up, steps over to the bag he brought with him, and extracts the torso and limbs of a small dead body from within. 

Severus watches dispassionately, but his stomach churns a little. He has no interest in learning how Pettigrew acquired that.

Pettigrew lays the body parts inside the cauldron, shudders, and steps away from the cauldron immediately.

Severus returns to the cauldron and begins chanting. It's a combination of traditional spells to infuse an object inside a cauldron with a brewing potion, and spells that Voldemort invented to animate the object.

When Severus is finished chanting, the liquid in the cauldron is gone. The body parts shift and twist and combine, until there is an object the shape and size of a crouched human child. It is a dark, raw, reddish black, with thin, feeble excuses for limbs.

Severus wouldn't have inhabited the thing for all the gold in Gringotts.

And that is only half of the task.

Severus puts on the invisibility cloak he 'borrowed' from Harry (the cloak is more reliable than even the best Disillusionment Charm) and sneaks up to the headmaster's tower. He makes Pettigrew transform into a human briefly enough to give the password to the gargoyle, then change back into a rat and return downstairs.

It's safer to have Pettigrew reveal himself to the gargoyle than it would be for Severus to do. The gargoyle would be able to describe Pettigrew if quizzed, and identify him if shown a photo, but it's unlikely that anyone will think to do that for a man supposed long dead. On the other hand, if Severus were to be linked to visiting this office around the time Voldemort escaped from his portrait prison....

Well, it would not go well for Severus.

Severus quietly steals one of the instruments from a table in the headmaster's office, and sneaks back downstairs.

Once inside his own office, he removes the invisibility cloak and returns to the cauldron. He carefully repositions it so that it is in the precise spot Severus calculated to best enhance a magical exchange with the portrait.

He then casts the spell from the San Francisco book and encases it within Dumbledore's instrument. Encasing spells into objects has always been a specialty of Severus's.

Lily was particularly talented at it too. They developed their best methods together.

Severus banishes these thoughts and gives a shallow nod to the portrait. "I'm ready, my Lord."

"Do it," Voldemort orders.

"Your word," Severus repeats quietly. "You will not harm me, or Harry Potter, nor permit harm to come to us that is within your control. So long as we do not harm or try to vanquish you."

"You have my word, Severus," Voldemort promises.

Severus taps his wand on Dumbledore's instrument and throws it into the cauldron. With a sharp whistling sound, the spell bursts out of the instrument into the portrait.

Voldemort shrieks as his painted form quivers, distorts into different shapes like a fun-house mirror, and is sucked out of the canvas. The paint dissolves into a rush of colorful mist that is drawn inside the instrument.

The potion boils and bubbles and froths, and then the baby-object-thing opens its mouth and emits a shrill cry.

Pettigrew steps forward and, cringing, lifts the thing out of the cauldron. Pettigrew deposits it into the same bag he used to bring the body into Severus's office.

"My Lord?" Pettigrew asks cautiously.

The cadaver opens its mouth. "It worked," it says in a high, cold voice. Its face has become flat and snakelike, with bright red eyes.

There is no question in Severus's mind that it now hosts the spirit of Lord Voldemort.

His mind carefully blank, Severus retrieves Dumbledore's instrument, wipes it clean of all traces of the ritual, and makes Pettigrew help him place it back into Dumbledore's office. With any luck, the headmaster will never know it was missing. True, the portraits will be able to report to Dumbledore that the instrument disappeared for a small space of time... but only if he ever thinks to ask them about it.

Severus returns to his office, sees Pettigrew and Voldemort out of the castle, and bids them farewell.

Severus has done his part and has ensured his and Harry's safety, but Voldemort still has a ways to go before he is truly returned to power. As he Apparates home, Severus reflects that he wouldn't want to be in Pettigrew's shoes right now for all the gold in Gringotts either.

"Well?" Harry asks when Severus comes downstairs at Spinner's End.

Severus collapses in the armchair. "It's done," he reports. "He's out of the portrait, and alive, though in a weakened state. He is far from returned to full power."

"Maybe he'll stay that way," Harry offers optimistically, if unrealistically.

Severus doesn't dignify that with an answer. He just sags into the chair and groans a little. "I need a drink."

Severus doesn't drink much. And he has never had a drink when he is around a minor. But today, he might make an exception.
Notes:

    I have adopted the popular internet theory that the Rudimentary Body Potion is made from a dead body. And Severus slices up Pettigrew's arm.

Chapter 20: Grimmauld Place
Chapter Text

Harry doesn't dwell on thoughts of Voldemort's imminent return. He falls back into his usual summer activities: browsing the Muggle record shops in Cokeworth; hanging out in the playground where Snape says he first met Harry's mother; taking his broom to the countryside; talking on the phone with Hermione, Justin, and Ron; and attempting to spend enough time on his homework to meet Snape's exacting standards.

Hermione, the Weasleys, and Hagrid each send Harry huge, gorgeous birthday cakes at the end of July.

"They still think I live with people who like to starve me," laughs Harry, but his tone is fond.

Snape has made a cake as well, which means they have enough cake to last them through the end of the summer even if Harry pigs out on cake every day.

"Did you really talk about the Dursleys with them?" Snape asks interestedly. "Good for you."

Harry ducks his head shyly. "I've told Ron and Hermione a few stories here and there," he admits. "And of course I haven't told them I haven't lived there since I was ten."

"Well, happy fourteenth," says Snape. "Only three more years of the charade to go!"

Harry's face falls a little at that.

"Y-you—do you—are we—" Harry stammers, and his face is a little red.

Snape looks contrite. "Harry, you're always welcome in this house. It's your home. Being of age won't change that. You can look for your own place when you're ready, when you're an adult with a job and thinking of starting a family of your own. I only mean that we needn't lie about it once you're seventeen."

Harry gives Snape a sort of sideways, relieved grin. "Thanks, sir," he says, in a carefully casual tone.

"For that matter, you need not address me so formally when we're not in school," Snape says. "'Professor' and 'sir' isn't necessary here."

Harry bites his lip. "But it's—er—what else would I call you?"

"It's—if it's too strange you don't have to—but 'Severus' is really fine for outside of class," Snape says, his tone earnest.

Harry goes a little red. "Yeah, that is weird, but I—I think I'd like to try. Er. Severus."

Severus smiles. "Open the rest of your presents, Harry."

 

The day after Harry's birthday, Harry reminds Snape—er, Severus—about the promise to take Harry to visit Sirius Black's house. Severus agrees, and after lunch, they take the Knight Bus to London. Severus tells the conductor their destination is King's Cross. From the train station, they only have a bit over a mile to walk to Grimmauld Place. It is a dry, sunny August day, and they cover the distance quickly.

They arrive in a square that was not at all what Harry was expecting. The houses are somewhat worse for the wear, the grass in the square is brown and dying, and litter lines the curbs.

Harry wrinkles his nose. "This is the place of a fine pureblood home? I was expecting something more... grand."

Severus smiles. "Someday, you will have to see the Malfoys' place. It will be everything you're expecting. As for the Blacks... well, it's... reflective of the general state of pure-blood families. They used to run the world, but have been in decline for a century or so. Why do you think the Dark Lord's agenda was so attractive to them?"

Harry doesn't really want to think about the Dark Lord's agenda right now, so he shrugs.

Harry and Severus approach Number 12 with caution. It is slightly taller than the other terraced houses, with a triangular roof over the top story that distinguishes it from its neighbors.

"The Muggle-repelling enchantments are still active. Take out your wand and tap the front door," Severus suggests. "If the house recognizes the validity of Black's will, it should open for you."

"Does it have a mind of its own?"

"In a sense. It's a property that has been enchanted over the course of time and absorbed some of the magic as its own."

Harry glances around the square nervously, but pulls out his wand and does as Severus suggests. The door swings open.

"I'm entering first," says Severus in a tone that brooks no argument.

But his caution is unneeded; nothing happens when Severus steps inside. He allows Harry to step beside him, and the door to swing closed behind them.

The narrow, dark hallway is precisely as Severus remembers it from seventeen years ago. It is lined with the same portraits of unpleasant-looking people and has the same chandelier, the same serpent-shaped candelabra, and the same umbrella stand that looks like a severed troll's leg. There is, perhaps, more dust and cobwebs than when Severus last visited.

"Kreacher," Severus calls softly into the gloom.

A wizened, filthy, nearly naked house elf steps out of the shadows. The elf looks aged by about fifty years since Severus last met him, rather than seventeen.

"Who dares disturb my mistress's slumber?" says the elf, scowling up at the wizards.

Severus's eyes flicker to the portrait of Walburga Black, but fortunately she is still slumbering. "Hello, Kreacher," Severus tries to sound pleasant. "I am Severus Snape, Regulus's friend from school. Do you remember me?"

Kreacher's face falls at the mention of Regulus's name. "Master Regulus is gone, dead, gone, Kreacher wishes he would come back but he never will, and Kreacher has failed him, Kreacher has, Kreacher must punish himself."

Severus pitches his voice slightly louder and speaks over this muttering. "And this is Harry Potter. He has inherited Grimmauld Place after Sirius Black was murdered."

The house-elf's reaction to this news is swift and unpleasant. He throws himself to the floor and pounds the floor with his fists. "Kreacher won't, Kreacher won't, Kreacher won't!" croaks the house-elf. "Kreacher belongs to Miss Cissy, oh yes, Kreacher belongs to the Blacks, Kreacher wants his new mistress, Kreacher won't go to the Potter brat, Kreacher won't, won't, won't—"

Kreacher's shrill shrieks awake the portrait of Walbuga Black, who opens her eyes and starts to spew invective. "Filth! Scum! By-products of dirt and vileness! Half-breeds, mutants, freaks, begone from this place! How dare you befoul the house of my fathers—"

Severus points his wand at the portrait and heavy black curtains slide over it, cutting off the mad woman's shrieking. "Harry, tell Kreacher to shut up."

"Shut up, Kreacher," says Harry obediently, although he sounds mystified by the drama.

Kreacher instantly goes silent. This leaves the hall in peace once more.

Severus sighs.

"So it's an adventure," says Harry, and he perks up at the thought.

Severus laughs. "That it is. The house might not like us, but it let us in, and Kreacher obeys you. Very promising. Shall we explore?"

The two of them inspect the house from basement to attic. Severus doesn't let Harry touch anything, not even doorknobs, but there is plenty to see and smell and he is fascinated by it. Severus unmasks quite a few Dark spells before their presence can trigger anything harmful, and they manage to survey almost all the rooms. They have long been in disuse—dusty, filthy, and teeming with nasty creatures and curses.

As they go, Severus tells Harry a little bit about the Black family. They find a family tapestry in the drawing room on the first floor, and Severus shows Harry the names of Sirius and Regulus—"Regulus was a year below me in school and a friend of mine before he died," Severus explains.

"How did he die?" Harry asks, examining the tapestry.

Severus shrugs. "He was a Death Eater. The rumor is that he wanted out, and the Dark Lord killed him. I'm not sure I believe it, though."

Severus refuses to elaborate further. Instead, he points out the only other living people on the tapestry—Narcissa Malfoy, Bellatrix Lestrange, and a burnt spot in between them. He explains to Harry about Andromeda Black marrying a Muggle-born, Ted Tonks, and being literally blasted off the tapestry.

Then Severus turns, and follows the tapestry around the room, up generations and generations, and finally points out another name to Harry. Misapinoa Black, who married Jimbo Blishwick, and lived from 1826 to 1926. "Misapinoa was my third-great grandmother," Severus says, a hint of pride in his voice.

Harry laughs. "What? You're related to the Blacks?"

"Extremely distantly," Severus nods. "And look over here."

Severus returns to the relatively younger generations and points out another couple of names to Harry.

"Woah!" the boy exclaims. "Dorea Black, and Charlus Potter! Were they related to me?"

"Again, distantly, yes," Severus answers with a smile. "Charlus was... let's see... your grandfather's second cousin. Their son, Trent Potter, was your third cousin once removed."

"Wow," says Harry, staring at the tapestry in something like awe. "How do you know all this?"

"My mother made me memorize this stuff, probably just like Sirius Black's mother made him," says Severus with a sigh. "Wizards tend to really care about it."

"I guess it wouldn't kill me to crack open a Wizarding genealogy book," says Harry with a small smirk.

"I suppose not," Severus agrees. "Well, this house needs an enormous amount of work if it's to be livable. Would you like to tackle it over the remaining course of the summer?"

Harry isn't really listening. He is staring at the tapestry, thinking. "So... Narcissa Malfoy must be the 'Miss Cissy' that Kreacher wants to belong to?"

"Most definitely," agrees Severus.

Harry's smirk becomes more pronounced. "Then I just came up with an amazing plan."

Severus groans, but doesn't really mean it. "Do I even want to know?"

"Can families trade house-elves with each other?"

"Er..." says Severus, caught up short by the question. "I suppose so? House-elves are bound to their families, but I know the bond can be moved to a new family if, say, the old family dies out. Or if the house-elf is set free by the old family, although most families don't want a house-elf that's been set free. They think it looks bad. So, I've never heard of a trade, but I don't know of anything preventing it."

Harry's grin grows wider. "Then Mrs. Malfoy can have Kreacher, but I'm taking Dobby."

Severus adopts a long-suffering look. "That insane house-elf who invaded my house, caused you to miss the Hogwarts Express, and charmed a Bludger to break your arm?"

"Yup," says Harry, still grinning. "It's perfect."

Severus shakes his head in resignation. "Come on, I think I can restore the Floo connection in this house. Let's see if we can get home that way."

Harry follows Severus down into the damp, cavernous basement kitchen.

"Fortunately for us," Severus concludes after an examination, "the house has already been hooked up to the Floo, so we don't need Ministry permission to get on the network. I just need to restore it."

Severus points his wand at the fireplace on the wall, muttering under his breath, for about three or four minutes. Eventually, a great green wall of flames rises up from the hearth, and Harry jumps back with a startled cry.

"It's ridiculous that they connected the basement fireplace and no other," Severus grumbles. "But at least we can travel back and forth without the Knight Bus."

 

After correspondence between Harry and Draco Malfoy, and between Severus and McGonagall, all concerned parties agree to meet at Number 12, Grimmauld Place on Friday. Severus has managed to change the home's Floo connection from the basement fireplace to the dining room fireplace, which he declares much more suitable for the type of guests they can expect here.

Once at Grimmauld Place, Harry tells Kreacher they are having company—Narcissa Malfoy and her son, who Kreacher should try to impress. This does prompt Kreacher to dig up clean china from somewhere, make tea that somehow does not taste a decade old, and serve it all in a dining room that is suddenly much cleaner than Harry would have thought possible.

McGonagall arrives before the Malfoys, and Severus and Harry go over the plan with her. Her presence is to make it appear as though Hogwarts staff, and not necessarily Severus in particular, is supervising Harry. She is happy to help, and feels that it is only right that Harry should have inherited Sirius Black's old place. She still believes he was a traitor to Harry's parents, and she enjoys the idea of Harry taking all his stuff.

Mrs. Malfoy and Draco Malfoy arrive, and Kreacher escorts them into the dining room. Mrs. Malfoy is a tall, slim blond woman. She is attractive and displaying a determination to be friendly.

"Professor McGonagall," says Mrs. Malfoy in surprise, and shakes McGonagall's hand. "How do you do."

"Do call me Minerva, it's been years since I was your professor," McGonagall responds, taking the offered hand. "Have you met Mr. Potter? I am his Head of House at Hogwarts, and we asked Severus to come along as he has visited Grimmauld Place before."

"I have not." Mrs. Malfoy offers Harry a hand to shake. He takes it; her grip is light and graceful but there is steel underneath. "How lovely to meet you. I've heard so much about you from my son."

"It's nice to meet you as well, Mrs. Malfoy," says Harry politely. "And, er, hello, Draco."

It's the first time Harry has used the other boy's first name, but Draco gives Harry a smile that shows he is pleased at the choice of address and offers his hand out to shake. "Hello, Harry. How do you do."

"And Severus. It's been too long." Mrs. Malfoy exchanges air-kisses with Severus on both cheeks. He accepts the gesture of affection, but does not say anything to her in return.

Everyone sits down as Kreacher serves tea and biscuits.

"I haven't been in this house in a long time," says Mrs. Malfoy, whose tone is polite yet also has the same underlying steel her grip did. "Not since I was a little girl. I'm... rather shocked that my cousin would leave it to someone outside the family."

"I was shocked too," Harry says, more or less honestly. Since he found out Sirius Black didn't betray the Potters, Harry is less surprised than Mrs. Malfoy, but he is still surprised Black would leave all his property to someone he hadn't seen in twelve years. "His will claimed I was his godson and he wanted to leave everything to me unless he had children. We've been poking around the place, and there are a few things around that I thought might mean more to you than they would to me. Family photos, the tapestry, china with the family crest...."

"Well, that's extremely kind of you," says Mrs. Malfoy. She sounds like she suspects there is a catch.

"And the house-elf hates me," Harry continues candidly. "Would you like to trade for one of yours? Kreacher would prefer to be a Black house-elf."

Mrs. Malfoy stares at Harry in pure astonishment. Severus warned Harry this would happen.

"I won't tell you why I want one of your elves unless you agree," Harry says firmly. "I would like your elf Dobby."

The room is silent.

"Well, I suppose so," says Mrs. Malfoy, with the air of someone trying to get her bearings after the world has shifted beneath her feet. "Dobby is not a very good house-elf, I feel I should warn you."

"Sure," says Harry easily. "Consider me warned." He calls Kreacher back into the room, and tells him about the plan. Kreacher falls sobbing at Mrs. Malfoy's feet, who actually bends down and pats him on his wrinkled back. She does not seem disgusted by the filthy old elf.

In turn, Mrs. Malfoy calls Dobby, who falls into his own paroxysms of joy and sobs at the idea that he will belong to the great Harry Potter.

"Er, and that is why I wanted to trade," Harry says with a nervous laugh.

Mrs. Malfoy surveys Harry, her eyes piercing him as though she might be able to figure him out if she looks long enough. He awkwardly tears his gaze away from her eyes and focuses on the bridge of her nose.

"That is, again, very kind of you, Mr. Potter."

They sign some paperwork, to make it official, and then Harry, accompanied by McGonagall and Severus, show the Malfoys around the house. Harry shows them some china, the tapestry, a collection of photographs, and Kreacher bundles it all up to take with them. To Harry's very great surprise, Mrs. Malfoy is able to undo the charm that was affixing Mrs. Black's portrait to the wall.

"The portrait has to want to leave the wall," Mrs. Malfoy explains. "I told her I would take her with me, and she acquiesced."

Kreacher bundles up the canvas for transport as well, although Harry cannot imagine why the Malfoys would want the foul-tempered woman around.

Draco drifts over to stand next to Harry while the adults talk about furniture and china.

"What's your angle on this, Potter?" he asks abruptly.

Harry shrugs. "I told you when we first met that I'm happy to be your friend," he reminds Draco. "If you were willing to rethink some things. I mean that still, to this day."

Draco shifts his weight uncomfortably between his feet, and can't quite look Harry in the eye.

After the Malfoys and McGonagall leave, Severus sits Harry and Dobby down in the drawing room and crosses his arms against his chest.

"I agreed to this plan, against my better judgment, because I trust Harry," Severus says, his stern gaze on Dobby. "I will never forget that you defied your masters, that you tried to spill their secrets, that you hurt Harry and repeatedly placed him in serious danger, that you trespassed in my house—and in Hogwarts, which is supposed to be impossible for an elf not bound to her service."

Dobby's ears droop and he cowers on the floor. "Dobby punished himself for it, over and over," he cries, tears leaking from his huge eyes.

"Harry and I don't want you to punish yourself," Severus responds sternly. "We want you to acknowledge your behavior was wrong, and do better in the future."

"Dobby just wanted to protect the great Harry Potter," whines the elf.

"And you are his elf, now," says Severus. "You can serve him, but you must promise to obey him, and never to defy him or me in order to carry out one of your mad schemes, ever again."

"And you have to promise to obey Severus," Harry adds. "You must do as he says, even if I say something differently, until I'm seventeen."

"Dobby promises," says the elf, twisting his body around in contortions in an attempt to look at both Harry and Severus. "Dobby promises to serve and obey new masters, Dobby will be loyal, Dobby loves Harry Potter, sir!"

"And no physically punishing yourself anymore," Harry continues. "If you've done something wrong, you will come to one of us and tell us about it. You won't hurt yourself."

"Dobby p-promises," says the elf, descending into huge storms of weeping. "Harry Potter is the greatest wizard and Dobby will do as Harry Potter orders!"

Severus eyes the elf with distaste. "I suppose it's time to undo the enchantments on my house that prevent him from entering."

"Thanks," says Harry with a grateful smile. "Thanks for letting me do all this."

"It was well done," says Severus, then adds after a pause, "I think."
Chapter 21: The Scar
Chapter Text

Clean-up at Number 12, Grimmauld Place is a much easier prospect with an eager and willing house-elf. Dobby is surprisingly competent at cleaning, cooking, and at least identifying Dark spells and creatures for Severus to deal with (and he lets Harry help with almost all of it). The house is still far from ready for human habitation, though, so they continue to live at Spinner's End.

It takes some adjusting for Severus to accept a house-elf at Spinner's End, but he resigns himself to the fact that, from now on, Dobby is in charge of the cooking, cleaning, and shopping for groceries and household supplies.

Life goes smoothly until the third week of August.

One morning that week, Harry wakes from a vivid dream with the scar on his forehead burning. 

Harry sits up, clutching his forehead, the other hand reaching out for his glasses, which are on the bedside table. He puts them on, and looks wildly around. His bedroom is as it always is. There are no resurrected Dark Lords lurking in the corner. 

Harry traces his fingers over the scar, which is still hurting. He scrambles out of bed, and heads downstairs to the bathroom. He examines the scar in the mirror. It looks normal, even though it feels red hot and painful.

It is way too early for Severus to be awake, but between his curse scar hurting and the vivid memories of a dream about Voldemort, Harry needs to talk to someone.

In another universe, Harry has to resort to sending a letter to a man he has met in person exactly once. In this universe, Harry has someone just across the hall.

He could wait for Severus to wake up, but he doesn't want to forget the details of his dream more than he has already. He crosses the hall and knocks on Severus's door.

Severus answers surprisingly quickly. He's dressed in his nightshirt, and his hair is mussed. "What's wrong?" he asks at once.

"I—" says Harry, then stops.

"Bad dreams? Come in," invites Severus, and he takes a step back to wave Harry into the room. The room is a little smaller than the loft that is Harry's bedroom, but down here, Harry doesn't have to duck under narrow, sloped roofs at the edges of the room.

Severus sits on the bed and pats a spot next to him.

Harry has never come to Severus with bad dreams before, but this feels like something more than just a bad dream.

"It was really vivid," Harry explains. "There was a darkened room with a snake on a hearth rug... Nagini. She's in Britain. And Wormtail—I mean Pettigrew, was talking... and there was a cold, high voice I'd know anywhere."

"You're dreaming of the Dark Lord?" asks Severus, and his eyes flash with alarm.

"There was an old man; I watched him fall to the ground in a flash of green light. You-Know-Who and Wormtail were talking about someone they had killed, and I knew the name when I woke up, but I don't remember it anymore. They're planning to kill again. And they were plotting something about me!"

Severus reaches out and grips Harry's shoulder. "You dreamed you saw the Dark Lord murder someone?" His voice is even, but tight.

"That's not all," says Harry dully. He rubs at his forehead again. "When I woke up, my scar felt like it was on fire. Like someone had burned it into me with a brand."

Severus's hand leaves Harry's shoulder, and he gently touches Harry's scar.

"I will be honest with you, Harry," he says quietly. And Severus always has been honest with Harry, that's the amazing thing about him. "I have suspected you have a strange connection with the Dark Lord since you were ten and we went shopping together in Diagon Alley. Why could you talk to snakes? Why did you match with the twin of the Dark Lord's wand? I have looked into it, although not as diligently as I ought, to see whether a foiled curse could leave such a connection. Perhaps it is time to focus on the problem much more seriously."

"The Sorting Hat wanted to put me in Slytherin," says Harry in a small voice.

Severus raises a sardonic eyebrow. "Oh? And there's something wrong with that, hmm?"

"No," says Harry, flushing. "But You-Know-Who was in Slytherin, wasn't he?"

"That is not very probative evidence," says Severus disapprovingly. "Being sorted into Slytherin in no way links one to the Dark Lord. And I am not surprised the Hat would think it a good place for you. The war aside, it would be."

Harry sighs. "All right," he says tiredly. "Professor, do you think that You-Know-Who really killed someone this morning, or it's just a bad dream?"

Severus is quiet for a while, his hands in his lap. "There is no way to know for sure," he says eventually. "As we're not going to go find him and ask him. But—" he hesitates. "But I find it too strange to be a coincidence that he returns to life, so to speak, and then you have a vivid dream about what he's doing."

Harry nods, feeling extremely nervous. "I thought that too," he agrees.

"Well, I'm not going to get back to sleep at this rate," says Severus with a small smile. "Let's go downstairs and find some hot chocolate, yeah?"

 

After Harry has eaten breakfast (Dobby has somehow known they are awake and breakfast is ready for them downstairs) and picked up a book he is reading, he is feeling a lot calmer. He is even in the right frame of mind to be excited when the phone rings and it's Ron.

"Hey, mate," says Harry.

"Harry! I was going to send an owl yesterday but then I remembered about these fellytones," comes Ron's cheerful voice.

Harry laughs. Ron knows the correct word, but he has stubbornly stuck to the wrong one, likely to tease Hermione.

"So, look, Dad got the tickets for the Quidditch World Cup! Ireland versus Bulgaria, Monday night. Mum's written to the Muggles to ask you to stay."

"Oh," says Harry. "That's awesome, but uh, I don't know if they'll understand the letter...."

"Who cares," says Ron. "We're coming for you whether the Muggles like it or not. But Mum and Dad reckon it's better if we pretend to ask their permission first. Dad can come pick you up at five o'clock tomorrow. So what do you say?"

"Er, hang on," says Harry, and puts the phone down. He goes back into the sitting room to find Severus. "The Weasleys got tickets to the Quidditch World Cup, and they want to get me at the Dursleys' house at five o'clock tomorrow. I think I'd stay the rest of the holidays with them. Is that okay?"

"Of course," says Severus without looking up from his book. "But how are the Weasleys picking you up from Little Whinging after you lost their car?"

Harry hurries back into the kitchen. "It's a go," he tells Ron. "But, er, didn't we kind of lose your dad's car in the Forbidden Forest? How will they come get me?"

"Dad says he can have the Muggles' fireplace connected to the Floo Network for the afternoon."

"Oh," says Harry. "Uh, they don't have a fireplace, Ron. They've boarded it up and replaced it with an electric fire."

This is a true statement about the Dursleys' house, but not necessarily Harry's real objection to the plan.

"Bloody hell! I'll tell Dad."

"Wait! I'll just take the Knight Bus. It can find your house, can't it?"

"Oh, sure, 'course it can," Ron agrees cheerfully. "That sounds great. I'll tell my parents to expect you tomorrow afternoon!"

"Great," echoes Harry. "I can't wait."

Harry hangs up the phone and goes back in the sitting room. "They didn't have a good plan for fetching me from the Dursleys," he explains. "So I offered to take the Knight Bus. That's not a problem, is it?"

"Not at all, it's a good idea," Severus agrees. "I can even accompany you there on the bus and they won't be any the wiser as all they'll see is you getting off the bus."

"And I don't have to see my aunt or uncle," Harry adds cheerfully.

"That too," Severus agrees.

 

Harry enjoys being at the Burrow, as always. Hermione has arrived before him, and Ron's older brothers Charlie and Bill are in the country, so he gets to meet them.

Dinner the night before the World Cup is mostly Percy blathering on about cauldron bottom thickness, but at some point Harry hears the word Albania and his attention is instantly captured.

"You realize Bertha Jorkins has been missing for over a month now? Went on holiday to Albania and never came back?" Percy is saying.

"Yes, I was asking Ludo about that," says Mr. Weasley, frowning. "He says Bertha's gotten lost plenty of times before now—though must say, if it was someone in my department, I'd be worried...."

"Who's Bertha Jorkins?" Harry interrupts. "Where did she go in Albania?"

"She was a Hufflepuff at school, many years behind me. I believe she overlapped with your parents, actually," Mr. Weasley answers him. "She had a reputation for being—er—nosy."

"She hasn't had a very stellar career at the Ministry either," Percy adds with a sniff. "She's been shunted from department to department for years, much more trouble than she's worth. Bagman just keeps laughing and saying she probably misread the map and ended up in Australia instead of Albania."

Harry narrows his eyes. "But where in Albania was she when she disappeared?"

Percy shrugs. "I don't know all the details, Harry." And he slyly transitions into dropping hints about a big event his Ministry department is organizing after the World Cup.

Harry doesn't understand how a Ministry witch could have gone missing in Albania. Would Voldemort have returned there? What would he do that for?

And then Harry remembers Nagini. Of course Voldemort went back for his snake. Perhaps Bertha Jorkins crossed his path while there.

Harry shivers, even though the night is still warm.

The dinner talk turns to Quidditch. Harry is not isolated from the wizarding world while at Severus's house, of course, so he has followed Quidditch news and scores through the newspaper and radio broadcasts. Harry eagerly joins in when the talk turns to the buildup to the World Cup, the culmination of all the different countries' hopes and dreams. Gradually, Harry forgets about Albania in the excitement over the big game.
Chapter 22: The World Cup
Chapter Text

Harry and the younger Weasleys have to wake up very early the next morning to travel to the World Cup site. They meet up with the Diggory family on a hill outside town, and set off to find their campsite in the middle of what was once a deserted moor. Harry enjoys the tent that is larger inside than outside, and the time spent wandering through all the different displays of wizarding tents.

He hears a little more about Bertha Jorkins when Bagman joins them outside the Weasleys' tents, but it is no more enlightening than the previous conversation Harry overheard. Harry also meets Barty Crouch, and is not as impressed by him as Percy Weasley is.

When it's time to go to the World Cup stadium, Harry is thrilled by Mr. Weasley's tickets—prime seats in the top box with the Minister of Magic himself.

They also run into the Malfoys in the top box.

Fudge introduces Harry to Mr. Malfoy. Harry is polite, and shakes all three Malfoys' hands. Mrs. Malfoy doesn't give any indication that they met each other this summer.

Mr. Malfoy, for his part, can't help giving Hermione a dirty glare, and Harry finds himself glaring back at the man in turn. Draco Malfoy shoots Harry a contemptuous look for that, and settles himself down between his father and mother.

The World Cup itself is one of the best experiences of Harry's life. It's fast-paced, exciting, and makes Harry dream about a professional Quidditch career of his own one day. After the match, Harry bunks down, with fantasies of catching the Snitch in front of hundreds of thousands of cheering fans playing in his mind.

But he's awoken abruptly and unpleasantly by a commotion; some wizards have gotten drunk and are terrorizing Muggles. Harry, Ron, and Hermione escape into the forest, where someone shoots off a giant, glittering, green skull and a snake into the sky right next to them.

Ministry wizards Apparate to the scene, and take down someone—a house-elf, shockingly. She has stolen a wand (not Harry's wand, because no wizard raised by Severus Snape would ever carry his wand vulnerable, sticking out of a back pocket), and conjured the Mark, except that's a ridiculous story because no house-elf could do that.

Crouch sets the house-elf free, in punishment, causing Hermione to begin to think that the way wizards treat house-elves needs to see a change.

Back at the tent, they reunite with the rest of the family, and Mr. Weasley explains the strange symbol in the sky, which is the first time Harry has heard of the Dark Mark. Mr. Weasley tries to describe what Voldemort's war was like.

Harry listens hard to Mr. Weasley, nearly frozen with fear, and wonders if this is what the future is like, Voldemort restored to power. How would Voldemort even know if he's harming Harry or Severus if what he does is cause mass terror, chaos, and riots, and Harry is just swept up along with the rest of the crowd?

Harry can't sleep at all that night. Harry can't confide in his friends, because he doesn't want them to know what he's done. All he wants to do is talk to Severus. But he won't see the man again until September 1.

 

In the morning, however, Harry wakes up to a message from Mr. Weasley that someone is outside the tent and wants to see him. Everyone else is still sleeping, and it is still pitch black out.

Harry stumbles through getting dressed and pokes his head outside the tent.

Severus is there, dressed in wizarding but not teaching robes, pacing back and forth.

"Harry," Severus says, in a very understated, controlled voice, turning to look at Harry.

Harry lets the tent flap fall closed behind him, and takes a few steps towards Severus. Before he knows what is happening, Severus is folding Harry in a hug.

A very stiff, awkward hug, which Severus terminates almost immediately.

"You're all right," Severus says, looking over Harry as though he can tell by looking whether that's true.

"I'm all right." Then Harry blinks. "What are you doing here? How did you find me?"

Severus smooths down the folds on the shoulder of Harry's T-shirt. "The more time you spend with someone, the easier it is to perform tracking spells. I am fairly good at them. I wanted to come as soon as I heard the news, but it was difficult to get here, even for me."

"Can I come home?" Harry asks. "I know I was supposed to stay the rest of the holidays with the Weasleys, but...."

"Of course," Severus says, something softening a little in his face.

Harry ducks back in the tent to get his bag. "Professor Snape is taking me home," he tells Mr. Weasley. Mr. Weasley frowns a little at that, but he doesn't argue. He sees Harry outside the tent, exchanges a handshake and a nod with Severus, and then returns to his own children inside the tent.

Severus leads Harry to the Portkey site, which has only just reopened. Severus arranges, somehow, for him and Harry to move to the front of the line.

"Why didn't we just use the Portkey I already have?" Harry wonders out loud as soon as they're away from the World Cup site.

"There was a massive enchantment on that entire site disabling Portkeys other than those the Ministry set up," Severus explains as they walk to Spinner's End. "I figured out how to get around it, but doing it again to get you out of there would have taken longer than going through the official process."

"Oh," Harry says. "That must have taken a lot of magic to cast."

"Tell me what happened last night," Severus requests, changing the subject.

There isn't that much to tell, but Harry awkwardly stumbles through the subjects of the Muggle torture, the Dark Mark appearing in the air, Crouch's house-elf, and Mr. Weasley's stories about the first war.

"Who were they, the wizards causing trouble?" Harry asks when the story is finished. "Do you think it's true they were Death Eaters? Was You-Know-Who there himself?"

Severus shakes his head. "It's not like him. He does enjoy causing chaos for the sake of causing chaos, but this would not be how he chooses to announce his return to the wizarding world. When he wants everyone to know he's back... well, no one will be left guessing."

"If it was him, he has a funny way of holding up our agreement," Harry mutters.

Severus does not answer, as they have reached the house on Spinner's End. Dobby is waiting with food, and after breakfast, Severus sends Harry to bed to catch up on sleep.

 

For the rest of the summer holidays, Severus noticeably avoids the topic of the World Cup chaos and Voldemort's return. He and Harry go flying, visit Grimmauld Place, and go over the last of Harry's summer homework. They also visit Diagon Alley for school supplies, where Harry learns for the first time that dress robes are on his list of supplies.

"Why?" Harry protests. "There's no chance I'm going to a ball."

"Just get a slightly more formal style, in black," Severus advises. "That's what I always do."

But the seamstress talks Harry into a pair of bright green robes that she says set off his eyes, and Harry rather likes them.

Back at home, Severus informs Harry that there is, in fact, going to be a ball at Hogwarts this year. He tells Harry all about the Triwizard Tournament and the other schools participating. Harry can tell Severus thinks the whole affair is a tremendously bad idea.

"At least it won't have anything to do with me," Harry says reassuringly.

Severus sighs, but he doesn't try to argue.

 

On September 1, Severus and Harry take the Floo to the Leaky Cauldron, and queue for taxis, along with a long line of other Hogwarts students heading to Kings Cross. Harry runs into Neville Longbottom and his grandmother, and Severus agrees to let Harry join them while Severus Apparates to Hogwarts. Neville, who wasn't allowed to go to the World Cup, wants to hear all about the Quidditch match. They all carefully avoid the topic of Muggle torture and the Dark Mark in the sky.

At Hogwarts, Harry settles into his routine. The announcement about the Triwizard Tournament is made in time to prevent Harry from spoiling the news for anyone else. Harry also learns that the Quidditch season is canceled, which is awfully disappointing. Their new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor turns out to be Mad-Eye Moody, who makes an unnecessarily dramatic entrance in the middle of the start of term feast.

Care of Magical Creatures is taught this year by Professor Grubby-Plank, a no-nonsense sort of witch with short gray hair and a prominent chin. She gives an excellent lesson to start the term—very informative, and no one gets hurt—and Harry and Malfoy exchange satisfied grins with one another after class, their silent tiff in the World Cup top box forgotten.

Visiting Hagrid after classes are over that day, by contrast, reveals that he's breeding some questionable, and disgusting, sort of magical creature. Harry can't find it in him to be remotely sorry that Hagrid isn't a professor anymore, not when the man himself is cheerful enough about the whole thing. He tells them Buckbeak is living in the forest again, and happy as a clam.

Harry doesn't get a chance to visit with Severus until he stays behind after Potions class on Tuesday. Severus and Harry talk while Severus sorts out potions ingredients and stacks students' summer essays into different piles.

Severus tells Harry all about Mad-Eye Moody, the famous (and completely mad) ex-Auror.

"Moody knows you used to be a Death Eater, then?" Harry asks, feeling extremely nervous at the prospect of an Auror poking about in their business.

"He does," Severus agrees gravely. "Don't worry, Harry. I cover my tracks well. Tell me, Harry, has your scar hurt again?"

Harry shakes his head.

Severus hums, then nods his head like he's made a decision. "I can't ignore all the evidence that there's a live connection between you and the Dark Lord," he says. "I think I should teach you Occlumency."

"What's that?" Harry asks, but he's interested.

Severus explains. Harry agrees that it sounds like a good skill to have, as a general matter, whether or not he's got a connection to Voldemort in his head.

"We'll have lessons every evening, and call it remedial Potions or something," says Severus. "I don't particularly want Moody or even Dumbledore poking around in our business."

Harry nods.

"Listen, about Moody, I've heard that he demonstrated the Unforgiveable Curses in class yesterday," Severus continues. "It's sometimes on the curriculum for N.E.W.T. students, depending on the professor du jour, but apparently Moody intends to do it for all years."

"What are the Unforgiveable Curses?" Harry asks interestedly, because he and Severus have never talked about this before.

Severus explains, and when he gets to the Killing Curse, describing its distinctive flash of green light, Harry has to sit down at a student table abruptly.

"Oh," Harry says, and he knows he remembers the flash of green light when he was just over a year old.

"Right," Severus agrees grimly. "I—I didn't want you hearing about it for the first time in front of all your peers in class. You might—you might want to give your friend Longbottom a heads up too, by the way."

Harry nods, but he feels numb. "Why would a professor demonstrate these in class?"

"Well, I don't know why he would demonstrate them to underage students," says Severus disapprovingly, "but when it comes to the upper classes, a professor would demonstrate them for the same reasons I just described them to you. So that you aren't encountering them for the first time in an uncontrolled, vulnerable environment."

Severus sighs.

"Just be glad you aren't in Slytherin," he says. "Moody has been horrendous to my students."

"How come?"

"He was one of those Aurors who thinks all Slytherins are Dark wizards," says Severus, frowning. "He suffered horrific things during the war and lacks enough presence of mind to understand that he is dealing with children now."

"You must be furious at Dumbledore for hiring him!"

"Oh, I am," says Severus, his mouth a thin line.

"Moody hates Karkaroff too," Harry observes. "Is that because of Durmstrang's reputation for teaching the Dark Arts?"

"Ah, maybe, but it's mostly because Karkaroff was a Death Eater," Severus explains. "Moody caught him, took him six months after the Dark Lord fell to do it, but then Crouch made a deal to let him out. Karkaroff named names and put a load of others in Azkaban in his place. He tried to put me away too, actually, but luckily Dumbledore had already vouched for me in front of the Wizengamot."

As this is the first time Harry has heard that Barty Crouch was in charge of Magical Law Enforcement during Voldemort's war, and Harry has never heard of the Wizengamot, Harry has a lot of questions for Severus.

"So Karkaroff is in deep trouble with You-Know-Who back," Harry surmises after Severus is done explaining the political structure of the wizarding governing bodies.

"Most likely," says Severus, but he doesn't sound as though he particularly cares.

"Although he'll just go back to Durmstrang, right?" says Harry. "You-Know-Who wouldn't go after him there."

Severus laughs, although it's not funny. "Harry, you—you still don't really understand what the Dark Lord is like. To become a Death Eater, you must swear him eternal service. It's a lifetime of service... or death."

Harry stares at Severus, eyes wide. "But you—you said you'll never be a Death Eater again."

Severus sighs. "Yes, he—he let me go, Harry. He released me from his service while he was stuck in the portrait, before I helped free him. But Karkaroff will receive no such reprieve. He's—yes, he's going to be in deep trouble. There isn't anywhere in the world he can go to escape the Dark Lord."

"Why not? Surely he's going to be busy here in Britain with trying to take things over and such."

Severus rubs the inside of his left forearm, and sighs. "When you swear to his service, he Marks you. He places on your arm an image of the same Dark Mark you saw in the sky at the World Cup. The Mark carries his magic, and allows him to reach his Death Eaters across any distance. To track them, to hurt them. To do anything he wants with them. The Mark is permanent, like the oath of service. Except, apparently, the Dark Lord and a Death Eater, working together, can remove it. That is what he did for me."

Harry swallows. "Why would anyone do that to themselves?"

Severus rubs his temples with his fingers. "Oh, Harry. I don't—please, can we talk about this some other time?"

"All right," says Harry, and he decides he's spent enough time with Severus for one day.

But even despite the disturbing content of this conversation, Harry goes up to dinner feeling better than he has for a while. Just visiting the professor is enough to make Harry feel calmer.
Chapter 23: The Goblet of Fire
Chapter Text

Harry is nervous when he reports to Severus's office for 'remedial Potions.'

This is the first time Harry has been in this office since last term, and he can't help walking to the back of the room to look at the painting there. It's peaceful, in a bleak way: the sheep are grazing lazily across the dead grass and snow flurries drift across the canvas every now and then.

"I thought you might have to destroy it or something," Harry explains when Severus raises an inquiring eyebrow.

"We did not," Severus says, but immediately changes the topic. He is steadfast in his refusal to tell Harry anything about the ritual he and Pettigrew performed over the summer.

Severus launches into a long lecture on Legilimency and Occlumency, and then explains how meditation is the key to learning Occlumency.

"The first step is to clear your mind. Let go of all emotion. If thoughts intrude, bring your mind back to blankness every time you notice it wander."

Harry finds this easier for Severus to say than for Harry to do. His mind is full: leftover fear from the World Cup chaos, his dream about Voldemort's plotting, worries for himself and his friends, concern for why Dumbledore would pull Moody from retirement now. Eventually he gives up not thinking about it, and just unburdens himself to Severus in a flood of words.

"These are all legitimate concerns and fears," Severus tells him calmly. "Accept that you are feeling them. Acknowledge each fear, each worry, and let it go, one by one. Think of Moody's face casting an Unforgiveable, and then imagine it drifting away, outside of your mind."

Harry tries, and keeps trying, but at the end of the hour's lesson, he feels like he's made no progress. And they haven't even started on Legilimency or Occlumency!

"It's a process," Severus says, smiling at his impatience. "It's not a skill that should be learned under pressure. Give yourself grace to fail. You must work at it, like anything else. For now, spend at least twenty minutes attempting to rid your mind of all emotion every night before sleep; empty it, make it blank and calm."

Harry is sure he won't be able to do this, with everything going on, but to his surprise, the exercise of clearing his mind is easier that night. Speaking his fears out loud and having an adult validate them has helped: he no longer needs to dwell on the feelings. Before he knows it, his mind is blank and he passes into sleep.

 

Moody's classes get worse, with him putting students under the Imperius Curse to try to teach them how to fight it, but Severus actually sides with Moody here and tells Harry that that's the only way to learn, and that moreover, it's an apropos skill right now: Voldemort and his Death Eaters are very fond of the Imperius. It's also similar to the Occlumency Severus is trying to teach Harry.

With that reassurance, Harry makes great strides at resisting the Curse.

His other classes are not easy these days, either. Professors have started warning them about the importance of O.W.L.s, and piling on the homework. Severus's classes are as difficult as ever: he has the class researching antidotes on pain of actually being poisoned in order to test the antidote. The entire class, including the Slytherins, have no trouble believing this is something the dour Potions Master would actually do.

 

Harry gets better at meditation and emptying his mind, and in mid-October, Severus finally agrees to use real Legilimency on him to test his defenses.

"Take out your wand," Severus instructs. "You may use it to attempt to disarm me, or defend yourself in any other way you can think of."

Harry pulls out his wand, but he isn't thrilled about the idea of attacking Severus.

"With an active Legilimency attack, you will need a bit more than meditation," Severus continues. "Your mind may stay blank at first, but a skilled Legilimens will get past it until your defenses are stronger than his attack. So today we will focus on ejecting someone from your mind who has gotten past your defenses. It is comparable to resisting the Imperius Curse, so I expect you to do well," Severus finishes with a small smile.

Harry nods, accepting and acknowledging his apprehension, then trying to send it away.

Severus raises his wand and points it at Harry. "Legilimens!"

Harry's calm, emotionless state breaks almost immediately. The office swims in front of his eyes and vanishes; image after image races through his mind like a film. He is five, watching Dudley riding a new red bicycle, and his heart is bursting with jealousy... he is nine, and Ripper the bulldog is chasing him up a tree and the Dursleys are laughing below on the lawn... a cold, high voice in a portrait is describing the slaughter of the Evanses... the Dark Mark erupts into the air from the forest next to where Harry is standing... a woman is screaming and begging for Harry's life....

A voice inside Harry's head finally fights back at this memory that is his mother dying for him, and in almost the same instant, there is a sharp pain in his knee.

Severus's office comes back into view. Harry has fallen to the floor; one of his knees collided painfully with the leg of Severus's desk. He looks up at Severus, who has lowered his wand and is rubbing his wrist. There is an angry weal there, like a scorch mark.

"Did you mean to produce a Stinging Hex?"

"No," Harry answers, getting up from the floor.

"I thought not," says Severus. "You let me get in too far. You lost control."

"Did you see everything I saw?" Harry asks, unsure whether he wants to hear the answer.

"Flashes of it," says Severus. "To whom did the dog belong?"

"My Aunt Marge," Harry mutters.

"Who on earth is Marge?"

"Vernon's sister. She loved Dudley and hated me."

"Disgusting," says Severus in contempt. "Harry, I—I am so sorry I did not come look for you when you were a baby. I—it should have been—"

"Don't," says Harry, interrupting him even though Severus hates being interrupted. "Don't, it's fine. You had no idea I would be dumped in an—an abusive home."

This is the first time Harry has ever used that word for the Dursleys, and he feels simultaneously terrified and elated.

"I should have looked into it," Severus says, lowering his head and letting his hair fall into his face.

Harry realizes he is breathing hard. He does not want to talk about this anymore. "Occlumency?" he asks pointedly.

"Right," says Severus, raising his head and clearing his throat. "Well, for a first attempt that was not poor. You managed to stop me eventually, which is more than most untrained wizards can do. One thing is you wasted time and energy shouting. You must remain focused. Repel me with your brain and you will not need to resort to your wand."

"How?" Harry asks, frustrated. "I was lost to memories almost as soon as you cast the spell."

"Meditation," repeats Severus. "I know it is difficult. Take a few moments to clear your mind again."

Harry tries, but the flood of emotions about the Dursleys and his mother don't go away easily.

"Acknowledge them all," Severus says softly. "Each one, and let it float away."

Harry sits there, and tries, but he has not made much progress by the end of the hour when Severus calls a halt to the lesson.

"But that wasn't anything," Harry protests. "I learned the Patronus Charm faster than this!"

Severus smiles. "They are very different skills," he says calmly. "Give yourself grace, Harry, and keep practicing every night."

Harry sighs, but Severus's words aren't enough to lift his gloom, and he is very discouraged that night before sleep as he tries and fails to stop hearing his mother screaming in his head.

 

In late October, the students from Durmstrang and Beauxbatons arrive, and Severus has to deal with Igor Karkaroff coming to sit next to him at the high table during the feast.

Karkaroff is smarmy, playing up to Severus for some reason, and Moody's magical eye is fixed on the two of them the entire time.

On the way out of the Great Hall after the feast has ended, Karkaroff makes a fool of himself in front of Moody by gaping at Harry Potter. Severus hides in his office and puts his head in his hands and wishes the Triwizard Tournament out of existence.

The next day is Halloween, a day which never will let Severus escaped unscathed.

There is an extravagant feast for the second night in a row, and when Dumbledore stands up to announce the decisions from the Goblet of Fire, there is a fourth champion whose name comes out of the Goblet: Harry Potter.

Harry is stupefied by the announcement. The students start whispering and speculating about how Harry got around the age restrictions, but Severus neither knows nor cares whether Harry did this on purpose.

Harry is underage. Yes, underage students used to compete in the Triwizard Tournament, but only with their guardian's permission. The organizers of the tournament didn't even think about that this year because of the rule that only those of age could enter their names in the Goblet.

Harry walks to the room at the back of the Great Hall where the other champions have gathered like a boy going to his execution.

Severus stands and leaves the Great Hall as well, but not to join anyone in the back room. He takes the stairs to his office two at a time, throws Floo powder on his fire, ducks through the fireplaces to Spinner's End, and races upstairs to Disapparate.

He Apparates onto Privet Drive without paying any attention to the flagrant violation of the Statute of Secrecy. It is late, and there are only a handful of trick-or-treaters out. Severus ignores them and pounds on the door to number four.

It is a while before Petunia answers.

Severus keeps pounding.

"We're out of candy," she starts to say crossly, then sees Severus in his wizards' robes and falls silent.

"I need your help," says Severus without preamble. "Can we talk?"

Petunia reluctantly steps aside and Severus enters the house. They pass the sitting room, where Harry's cousin is gleeful over his haul of candy—Severus would have thought fourteen too old to go trick-or-treating, but apparently not—and duck into the kitchen.

"There is a competition at Hogwarts this year," Severus explains curtly. "It's a competition that ceased to occur two hundred years ago because past participants died. It is extremely dangerous. And someone has gotten Harry entered this year. He must compete, magically speaking. But he cannot participate over the objection of his guardian. And you, I'm afraid, are still his legal guardian."

Petunia looks very cross at all this. "What do you want from me? Another form?"

"I'm afraid that won't do," Severus says, crossing his arms against his chest. "No one will care about a piece of paper. You're going to have to come state your objection in person to the organizers of the tournament."

Petunia's face goes white.

"You've always wanted to see Hogwarts," Severus reminds her. "Come with me."

"No," she hisses. "Never, no way, absolutely not. I am done with you people."

"Harry could die," he reminds her.

Petunia shudders. "I don't care," she mutters rebelliously.

"You... don't... care?" repeats Severus with blank astonishment. Whatever reluctance he expected from Petunia, it was not indifference to Harry's very life.

Petunia rubs her hands up and down her arms, like she's gotten goosebumps. "You can't expect me to go there, Snape?" she says, almost pleadingly. "I can't."

"I'll be with you the whole time," he murmurs, trying for his best reassuring voice. "Come."

He extends his hand, and Petunia looks at it like it's a viper.

"Lily died thinking you didn't care about her," Severus says cruelly. "You're really going to let that happen with her son too?"

Petunia's eyes fall to the ground, but she reaches out and takes Severus's hand.

Severus wastes no further time. He hauls Petunia outside, warns her that he's going to drag her through space in a most unpleasant manner, side-along Apparates her to Spinner's End, drags her downstairs to the fireplace, gives her curt instructions on using Floo powder, follows her through to his office at Hogwarts, and takes her arm again to march her upstairs.

Severus goes the long way around, avoiding the Great Hall and the staring of students, and hauls Petunia into the little side room from the back door.

To his relief, everyone is still there: the 'four' champions; the three heads of the schools; Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch; McGonagall and Moody.

Severus pushes Petunia forward. She looks bewildered, terrified, and most upset, but when she sees Dumbledore, she finds her strength. Pulling herself straight and glaring fiercely at him, she speaks.

"I am Petunia Dursley, Lily Potter's sister. I am Harry Potter's legal guardian. He is underage, and I do not consent for him to participate in this tournament."

Harry still looks like a ghost, but a little color returns to him as Petunia speaks.

"Outrageous," growls Moody. "How do we know this woman is who she says she is?"

"I've known Petunia for many years now," says Dumbledore, who (to his credit) looks elated and relieved at her announcement. "She is in fact Harry's closest living blood relative. You all know wizarding law on the topic of guardianship perfectly well, I am sure."

"Well," says Bagman reluctantly, "yes, I suppose you're right, Dumbledore... Harry, don't you want to convince your aunt to give her permission?"

"No, I don't," says Harry, quietly but firmly. "Thanks, Aunt Petunia."

Petunia can't bring herself to look at him. She's staring at the wall opposite her, clearly wishing to disappear on the spot now that she's said her piece.

"Good," says Karkaroff viciously. "Hogwarts does not have two champions. I am satisfied."

"Barty?" Dumbledore asks.

Mr. Crouch, who is standing outside the circle of the firelight, his face half hidden in shadow, looks very eerie to Severus's eye. He appears much aged since the last time Severus saw him (although to be fair, it has been a long time). When he speaks, it is in a curt and distant voice.

"We must follow the rules, and the rules state clearly that those people whose names come out of the Goblet of Fire are bound to compete in the tournament."

"Subject to the objection of a legal guardian for underage students," snaps Severus, who has read the bloody rulebook too, thank you very much.

Crouch apparently has nothing to say to this.

"Just so," says Dumbledore with a nod. "That's settled, then. Harry, why don't we return to the Great Hall and announce that it was all a small mistake?"

Harry nods, looking more like a real person, and accompanies Dumbledore out the door.

For some reason, Moody watches them go with murder written all over his face. Severus doesn't understand that, and he'll need to figure it out, but for now he trusts Harry to be safe with Dumbledore, and Severus has Petunia to escort back home.

Severus takes Petunia's arm and leads her outside. "We don't have to go through the fireplaces this time," he says. "I was in a hurry to get here, but we can walk outside to a spot from which we can Apparate back to Surrey."

"I don't care," says Petunia crossly.

Severus leads her out the front doors and down the path to Hogsmeade. They say nothing on the thirty-minute walk, and continue to say nothing as Severus grabs her arm to Disapparate. Petunia shakes him off as soon as they appear in Privet Drive, and marches inside her home. Severus follows, unsure whether she wants to say something to him, but she just finds the kitchen, opens the pantry, digs around at the back of it, takes out of a bottle of clear liquid, and pours some into a glass.

She tips the glass back and shoots whatever it was in one gulp.

"I hate you," she tells Severus.

He doesn't react to this.

"Get out," she snaps.

He leaves.

 

Meanwhile, Harry is explaining to a bewildered Ron and Hermione what happened.

Ron can't seem to wrap his head around that fact that Harry doesn't want to compete. "You let your Muggle aunt withdraw you? Seriously, mate? A thousand Galleons! Glory in front of the entire school!"

"Moody said it was a plot to kill me," Harry says flatly. "And I didn't put my name in in the first place!"

Ron sighs with envy, but not of Harry, just of the idea of being champion. "I can't believe you sometimes."

"Harry's right," Hermione says in a small voice. "Champions have died, Ron. And Harry would have been up against students who know three times as much magic as he does. Whoever put his name in the Goblet, I think Moody is right. They were trying to kill him."

Harry doesn't remember to try to clear his mind that night before bed. He is too distracted by Moody's words. Who would have wanted to do this to him?
Chapter 24: Voldemort's Plot
Chapter Text

Harry suffers a little bit over the next few weeks as people won't stop talking about how Harry Potter was a champion and then suddenly he wasn't. But they believe that Harry didn't put his name in the Goblet himself, and the Hufflepuffs at least are too happy that their champion was chosen to care about the scandal with Harry.

Occlumency lessons continue, and Severus is still able to break into Harry's head without much effort, but he tells Harry he's getting better, and Harry desperately wants to believe him.

In Potions, Severus does pick someone in the class to poison—Hermione, a choice that tells Harry the professor would never test it on a student he didn't trust to have prepared the right antidote. And of course she has, so she wins applause from half the class (the Slytherins glower in silence).

Later, Severus takes ten points from Gryffindor for no reason and instructs Harry to stay after class.

"News reporters are here to interview the champions," Severus explains once everyone else has left. "One of them is the nastiest reporter to have ever walked these halls. I would bet my life's fortune that she's going to have a go at finding you for an interview once she's done talking to the champions. So you may wish to hide down here this evening."

Harry readily agrees to the plan, but Severus won't let him get in another Occlumency practice, telling him it's too much in one week. Instead, Harry helps Severus clean the classroom and get ready for the next week's classes. Once that's done, they walk to Severus's rooms where he orders dinner for both of them.

"Do you agree with Moody?" Harry asks over dinner. "That someone put my name in the Goblet to try to kill me?"

"Well, I—I do believe you that if you say you didn't put your name in yourself, then you didn't," says Severus. "And I went running for Petunia because I certainly believed your life would be in danger were you to compete. But I have no idea why anyone would try to kill you in such a strange, chancy way."

"Thanks for getting my aunt, by the way," Harry mumbles. "I'd be in a right state now if I were actually having to compete in this thing."

"Of course," Severus says soothingly. Indeed, Petunia's cooperation in the matter has lessened Severus's revenge fantasies against the Dursleys... for the time being, anyway.

"Wasn't it risky, though, having her and Dumbledore in the same room? What if he'd used Legilimency on her and found out I don't live there anymore?"

"I suppose," says Severus. "I hadn't thought about that. But getting you out of the tournament would have been a priority over that risk, even if I had."

"But..." says Harry, hesitating. "What is the plan if Dumbledore discovers we've been lying to him and I've never lived with the Dursleys since I was ten? Are we strong enough to defy him if he tries to make me go back?"

Severus takes a deep breath to ensure he is calm and rational before he tries answering that.

"In a word, no. In slightly more words...."

Severus takes a few more moments to gather his thoughts.

"For one, Dumbledore has complete power over my employment, and your enrollment, here at Hogwarts. He may even have the power to condemn me to Azkaban, if he comes up with a way to revoke his testimony before the Wizengamot about my Death Eater days. For another, he certainly has the power to reveal our secret arrangement to the Ministry and have you brought up before that dreadful committee to decide the matter of your custody."

Harry winces and seems to shrink within himself. "So if he found out, it's best if I cooperate with him and go back to the Dursleys?"

"Unfortunately... probably so. But don't worry, Harry. If you go back there, I will be going with you."

Harry goggles at Severus. "You, live at the Dursleys'? You would not be welcome."

Severus smirks. "I'll make them an offer to rent their spare bedroom they can't refuse. Their horror of magic is unlikely to extend to a pile of gold, is it?"

Harry gives a shaky laugh. It's funny because he had the exact same thought when he first discovered he had a pile of gold in his name at Gringotts. "I can't believe you'd do that for me."

"Harry," says Severus in a slightly chiding tone, "I will do what it takes to ensure your safety. I'd defy Dumbledore and resurrect a Dark Lord, or defy the Dark Lord and rejoin Dumbledore if I thought that best. Of course I'll live in a silly Muggle home if I must. And I don't think we'll be able to stop Dobby from coming either!"

Harry squirms and worries the fabric of his robes between his fingers, unable to look at Severus.

"And it isn't because of your mother," Severus continues calmly. "I care about you, Harry. As much as I would have my own son. I should have said that to you years ago."

Harry visibly swallows, wrings his hands, his eyes still glued to his lap, and then manages a hasty, "Thanksyoutoo." His face goes bright red, and he dashes out of the room and through the corridors like a werewolf is on his heels.

Behind him, Severus gives a slight chuckle and picks up a pile of essays.

Teenagers.

 

When the story about the Hogwarts champions comes out in the Daily Prophet the next day, there is an unfairly large section on Harry's entry and withdrawal, but thanks to Severus, no one had a chance to find Harry for a comment. The article therefore sticks to the facts, even if it spends more words on the subject than it deserves.

The weekend before the first task, the students are allowed to visit Hogsmeade. Severus no longer needs to tag along with Harry on the trips, but over the course of the past year, he grew used to the idea of keeping an eye on things. So he strolls into the village, idly wandering the streets and watching the crowds.

He catches a glimpse of Rita Skeeter, which is bad news for Harry, but Severus needn't have worried. Harry had the presence of mind to bring the invisibility cloak, and he successfully dodges her. After ducking out of her way in Honeydukes, Harry, Ron, and Hermione head to the Three Broomsticks, where they happily speculate over butterbeers about what deadly, dangerous task the school champions will be facing on Tuesday, looking forward to cheering on Cedric with everyone else.

Meanwhile, Severus is so busy keeping an eye on Rita Skeeter that he doesn't see anything approach him from behind, until someone grabs his arm.

Severus jumps, but even caught off-guard, he's quick: he whips his head around, wand drawn, to see Alastor Moody grinning crookedly at him.

"Got a few questions for you, Snape," he says.

"I don't think so," Severus replies coldly, not putting away his wand. "You're not an Auror anymore and you have no authority to question anyone."

"Dumbledore told me to keep an eye on you," says Moody with a twisted smile. "And I want to know what you think you were doing, hauling a Muggle into Hogwarts."

Severus doesn't believe, for a second, that Dumbledore told Moody to interrogate Severus about this, but he still lets himself be led away from the street and around a corner into an alleyway. Moody's grip remains tight on his arm, and the instant they are out of view of the students milling around, Severus feels himself involuntarily pulled into side-along Disapparition.

Severus's eyes fly open after the squeezing darkness eases, his wand up, ready to curse Moody and defend himself. But the motion is arrested when he takes in his surroundings.

He's in a dark, shadowy room he doesn't recognize. There's a flickering fire somewhere to the side of him. And he is facing an armchair with a revolting, child-sized, cadaver-like body—a body that is staring at Severus with vivid red eyes.

"Welcome, Severus," says Voldemort.

Severus glances to his side. Yes. Alastor Moody, the ex-Auror, is standing there, and he has brought Severus to Lord Voldemort. Severus would have thought it utterly impossible if he weren't witnessing it himself.

Severus wrenches his arm out of Moody's grip. Moody lets go of him and takes a slight step away from Severus.

"As you ordered, Master," says Moody, and bows his head.

What the fuck.

"Next time you wish to see me, an owl message will suffice," Severus says to Voldemort coolly, forcing his racing heart to calm. Just because this was the last thing he was prepared to face today, doesn't mean he can't keep his wits about him and make it out of here alive.

"Would it really?" asks Voldemort with a chuckle that is most incongruous with his appearance. "Or would it just give you an opportunity to disappear in advance when you know I am looking for you?"

"I would never avoid you, Master," says Severus calmly, brushing off his robes. "I assure you, I did not know you wanted to see me."

"Very well," says Voldemort. "Explain yourself."

"I—what?" Severus is bewildered. He thinks he knows the Dark Lord inside and out, he survived the man's service for five years before he fell, and Severus's life (or at least his health) often depended on guessing what Voldemort was thinking even when he was being impossibly cryptic. But Severus is totally lost in this instance.

The thing leans forward in its seat and Severus has to exercise all his self-control not to take a step backwards.

"Harry Potter," Voldemort hisses. "You hauled a Muggle into Hogwarts to force him to withdraw from the tournament!"

Severus is almost amused at the irony—so Moody was telling the truth when he said he had questions for Severus about that. But for some reason, his questions were on behalf of Voldemort and not Dumbledore.

"Yes, my Lord," Severus says simply.

"You dare," hisses Voldemort. "All my efforts at planting a faithful servant at Hogwarts. All of his efforts to hoodwink the Goblet. And you sweep in and thwart me at the last second!"

Severus goes cold all over. "You entered the boy in the tournament?" he says in stunned disbelief. "This was your plot? But—but you promised not to harm him!"

Severus is angry, and shouting, and he can't bring himself to be afraid right now. All that Severus did, in exchange for that promise, and Voldemort discarded it like ashes in the wind. Severus cannot believe it.

"I have no plans to harm the boy, Severus," says Voldemort chidingly. "Calm yourself. I have a plan to restore myself to full power, and I need his participation. A little blood is all. A small amount of blood with a large amount of power. The power of his mother's sacrifice, and the power of three tasks, three rituals, from which he will emerge victorious. Or at least—he would have, without your impertinent interference!"

Severus breaths slowly through his nose. In and out. In and out. He gradually steadies himself.

"I think we have very different definitions of the word 'harm,' my Lord," Severus replies, and he's pleased to hear how mild he sounds. All traces of anger have left his voice. "Enrolling him in a tournament where he has to face dragons and who knows what else, a tournament in which participants have died, is hardly benign. Nor is slicing the boy open for his blood."

Voldemort makes a tsking noise. "So dramatic, Severus. Always such melodrama with you. Barty would have taken meticulous care that Harry came to no harm during the three tasks. And I never proposed to slice the boy open. A prick, a few drops of blood—that is all I need."

Severus stares at the cadaver that's housing the most formidable wizard Severus has ever known. Severus is drastically outnumbered—somehow, Voldemort is holding his own wand, and Moody is there, and so is Nagini, and Peter Pettigrew is hiding in the shadows in the corner of the room.

He cannot pick a fight here, and live. But Severus will not budge on this.

"No," he says.

Voldemort stares at him.

"Use someone else. 'Blood of the enemy'?" Severus guesses at the ingredient Voldemort needs for his regeneration potion. "Use the student who does win the tournament. None of them is your supporter. Any of them will do nicely as an enemy, especially if you threaten and frighten them first."

Voldemort stays silent.

"Or use Potter's blood without the tournament ritual nonsense," Severus offers. "I will get you a few drops of it today, if you wish. Except, now that I think about it, I'm not sure he qualifies as your enemy. He helped me obtain Nagini's venom for your potion, after all. I could hardly have done it alone, without a Parselmouth."

Severus decides he is babbling, and he closes his mouth. He lets the room steep in silence until Voldemort decides to speak again.

"I will think about what you've said, Severus," Voldemort says eventually, settling back in his chair. He sounds exhausted. "Barty, take him back to Hogwarts."

"Barty?" Severus echoes in disbelief as Moody grabs his arm and side-along Apparates him without his permission, yet again.

"Who the hell is Barty?" Severus demands when they have appeared back in the alleyway of Hogsmeade.

"None of your business," says Moody, taking out the flask from underneath his robes, and tipping it to his mouth.

Severus stares at him in sudden understanding. "You've been stealing the Boomslang skin from my stores," he hisses. "You're using Polyjuice. Who are you? Bartemius Crouch? No, I've seen both of you in the same room together."

"Keep guessing all you want, Snape," says the ex-Auror who is probably not an ex-Auror at all. "You'll never figure it out."

"And you'll find you're out of Boomslang skin if you don't tell me the truth," threatens Severus. "You really think a locking spell that a first-year student can undo is the most protection I can muster for my potion ingredient stores?"

Moody hasn't let go of Severus's arm, and his grip suddenly tightens. "You wouldn't dare," he growls. "I'm here at the orders of the Dark Lord himself, as he just told you. You wouldn't dare."

"And you just heard me say 'no' to his face," says Severus coolly, ignoring the painful grip. "I would, in fact, dare."

Moody surveys Severus for several long moments. "All right," he concedes in an undertone. He must really want that Boomslang skin. "I'll tell you, but not here. Your office, tonight."

"Fine," says Severus.

Moody finally releases his arm, and turns and stumps away.
Chapter 25: Barty Crouch Junior
Chapter Text

That evening, Severus waits in his office, not entirely sure that Moody will show as promised. But eventually there's a knock at the door, and it's him.

Moody takes a seat in front of Severus's desk and scowls at Severus for a few minutes before saying anything.

"How did you stay out of Azkaban, Snape?" Moody asks abruptly. "From where I'm sitting, you look like a filthy traitor, living cozy in Dumbledore's pocket."

"I came to Hogwarts on the Dark Lord's orders in the first place," Severus replies coolly. "I had already convinced Dumbledore of my sincerity before the Dark Lord fell. From there, it was simple to keep him convinced."

Moody scowls. "If there's one thing I hate, it's a Death Eater who walked free. I suffered a decade of imprisonment for him. But you. You scum who never went to look for him. You treacherous cowards who wouldn't brave Azkaban for him. The faithless, worthless bits of filth who turned your backs on him when he needed you most!"

Moody is leaning forward and pounding on Severus's desk for emphasis by the time he finishes this rant.

"Did I, though?" Severus asks delicately, ostentatiously taking no notice of Moody's temper. "Do you not know who helped him achieve his current state?"

Moody's frown grows even deeper at this. "Yes, yes, he said you rendered him a great service and you're untouchable."

"A service I would have found it rather difficult to perform from Azkaban," Severus points out smugly.

"It doesn't mean I have to like you, Snape."

"Perfect," drawls Severus, "as I don't like you either. Whoever you are."

And thus prompted, Moody launches into a rather incredible-sounding tale.

In July, Pettigrew took Voldemort to Albania to find Nagini. Hungry and tired, Pettigrew stopped at an inn on the edge of the forest where the snake was living. He ran into a Ministry witch, Bertha Jorkins. Pettigrew captured Jorkins and brought her to Voldemort, who learned very interesting things from the witch. He learned about the Triwizard Tournament, and about the dark secret of a top Ministry official, Bartemius Crouch. Voldemort learned that Crouch had helped his son—his convicted Death Eater son—escape Azkaban, and that Crouch was keeping his son hidden in his house under Imperius.

"Barty," breathes Severus when he hears this story. "Barty Crouch junior."

"That's me," says Moody, giving Severus a fanatical sort of grin. "Our Lord freed me and sent me here to ensure that Harry Potter wins the tournament and is transported to the Dark Lord's rebirthing ceremony. Which you have now gone and ruined!"

Severus gives an indifferent shrug. "If you had included me in your plans, I would not have inadvertently destroyed them."

"It's my task!" Moody howls. "My glory and my honor to carry this out!"

"And what is that to me?" Severus drawls.

"You're nothing to him. I am his favorite," Moody glows. "The Dark Lord and I have so much in common. Very disappointing fathers. Both of us suffered the indignity of being named after those fathers. And my current mission shall allow me to join him in having the pleasure of killing those fathers to ensure the continued rise of the Dark Order."

Something raw, ugly and feral and exquisitely painful, rises in Severus at these words. He tamps it down with a concentrated effort of will. 

"Whatever," says Severus, carefully affecting boredom. "Let me know if you want Potter's blood. I can obtain it in about a minute if I want it."

"I despise you," growls Moody.

"It's mutual," Severus assures him.

After Moody departs, Severus is left to stew alone in the wake of Moody's taunts and boasts. A teenaged Severus Snape was also a young Death Eater with the impression that he was special to Voldemort, that they were practically kin. Both half-bloods—pureblood mother, Muggle father—both orphans at an early age, both Muggle-raised, both talented and powerful and kept down by the rest of the world who just didn't understand them. 

It is a devastating, intimate, painful betrayal to hear similar things out of another's mouth. Voldemort knew just what to say to young Severus Snape and Barty Crouch alike, it seems. Only now can Severus see that they were the fools for believing in it.

 

Severus doesn't have a chance to talk to Harry until almost a week has passed. He doesn't see Harry in Potions on Tuesday because the First Task of the Triwizard Tournament takes place that afternoon instead of class. Severus goes to watch the First Task with everyone else. Krum gains first place with an impressive use of offensive spells against the dragon. Rita Skeeter is hanging around, but Harry manages to dodge her, again.

On Friday, Severus asks Harry to stay behind after class and pulls Harry into his office and calls for some tea.

"I'm so glad I wasn't out there facing dragons," says Harry fervently, wrapping his hands around his cup of tea.

"Yes, about that," says Severus, peering over his own teacup at Harry. "I found out who put your name in the Goblet. It was Moody."

"Moody?" says Harry incredulously. "The Auror?"

"He's not really Alastor Moody. He's a Death Eater using Polyjuice."

"Woah," says Harry.

"He was acting on the Dark Lord's orders, in fact. The Dark Lord had this elaborate, rather mad scheme to make you participate in the three tasks and then he wanted to use some of your blood to get his body back."

Harry stares at Severus, dumbfounded. "His what back? I thought you got him a body last summer."

"Sort of. Pettigrew and I got him out of the portrait into a rudimentary, rather crude... thing that bears only a little resemblance to a body. The Dark Lord now wishes to perform a ritual to restore him to his real body, in the condition it was before you defeated him."

"Oh," says Harry, still sounding floored.

"We had an argument about whether any part of his plan would qualify as 'harm' to you," Severus says tiredly. "He claimed it wouldn't because Moody—his real name is Crouch, but we'll keep calling him Moody—would have been looking out for you and ensuring you came to no harm in any of the tasks. And that pricking you for a few drops of blood is not harmful either."

"Well, that's insane," says Harry. "We brought a mad man back to life. Good for us."

Severus smiles humorlessly. "Indeed. Anyway, you're out of the tournament now, so I'm not sure what he'll do next. I suggested he use the blood of the champion who does win the tournament. I also suggested you would donate blood willingly, but questioned whether it would work the way he thinks it would."

"So Moody is, or is not, trying to kidnap me for a Dark ritual?"

"Not that I know of," says Severus. "Don't let on that you know he isn't Moody, by the way. He hasn't sworn not to harm you, unlike the Dark Lord. It's best if he believes I kept this entire story to myself."

Harry nods. "No problem. So who is he? Is he related to Mr. Crouch?"

"Yes," says Severus. "He's Mr. Crouch's son. We all thought he died in Azkaban more than ten years ago, but apparently not."

"Oooh," says Harry, intrigued. "What was he in Azkaban for? Or can you get convicted just for being a Death Eater rather than any specific crimes?"

"No, they convicted everyone of specific crimes, or at least they thought they did. Some of them, like Sirius Black, actually never had a trial, so 'conviction' is a strong word. Barty Crouch—he has the same name as his father—was caught up in a rather... horrific crime. Did you hear what happened to Neville's parents?"

Harry doesn't know the details, so Severus explains.

"Our professor did that?" Harry cries when Severus is finished.

"Well," says Severus carefully, "our legal system was responsible for some serious miscarriages of justice during this period. There are a lot of Death Eaters who walked free, claiming they were under the Imperius Curse the whole time. Which is a load of dung. Then there's people like Sirius Black who were imprisoned without trial. I think—well, Crouch is certainly a Death Eater. And he was caught in the company of the person who I can easily believe tortured the Longbottoms into madness. But did Crouch participate in that torture? I don't know. I wonder if perhaps he didn't. The mastermind behind that whole fiasco is not someone who, ah, knows how to share."

"Who was it?" Harry asks, leaning forward. So, Severus tells Harry all about Bellatrix Lestrange.

"I hope she dies in Azkaban," says Harry, a bit savagely. 

Severus inclines his head. "I can't argue with that."

"I can't believe Malfoy's aunt did all that!"

"He doesn't know her," says Severus. "She went to Azkaban when he was two."

"Still," says Harry, and he shudders.

 

Harry attempts to forget about Voldemort's insane plotting and the fact that his professor is a Death Eater. He trusts Severus to have the situation under control, and do something about it if either presents a threat to Harry. He keeps his word to Severus and doesn't tell anyone, not even Ron and Hermione, about Moody's true identity. He continues with Occlumency lessons, although he still feels like he is making no progress.

And then McGonagall makes an announcement in class that disrupts Harry's life yet again.

"The Yule Ball," Harry moans halfway through the Occlumency lesson with Severus during the last week of term. "Everyone fourth year and above is going, and we're supposed to find someone to go with, and it's horrible."

Severus chuckles, and gestures for Harry to sit down, signaling that they're done with Occlumency lessons for the evening. When Harry gets worked up about something, it's better for him to talk it though instead of continuing to force him to try to shove it away. The boy is only fourteen, after all.

Harry drops into the chair with a groan. "Can't we go home for Christmas? I don't even want to stay in the castle for this stupid thing."

"I cannot," says Severus calmly. "With so many Slytherins staying, someone has to stay to keep an eye on them. I would not like to leave that task to anyone else. And you will not go back home unsupervised," he adds sternly.

Harry gives another dramatic groan. "It's just so... horrible," he says again. "Girls are impossible."

"Well, perhaps you prefer boys," Severus suggests.

Harry sits up straight and looks at Severus in sheer horror.

"Oh, no, Harry. You must leave behind whatever prejudices you acquired against the notion in the Muggle world," Severus tells him. "In the Wizarding world, such relationships are perfectly normal."

"They are?" Harry asks, astonished.

"Yes, and wizards will not take kindly to a prejudiced attitude about it, Harry," Severus lectures. "Best try to start leaving that horror behind now."

"But wizards are obsessed with family and children and passing down their precious pure blood," says Harry, bewildered but grateful to have his mind off girls for the time being. "Why would they accept a relationship between two men who can't do any of that?"

Severus sighs. Sometimes he allows himself to forget he is raising a child who spent ten years in the Muggle world before Severus got to him, and he really oughtn't forget.

"There are potions and spells that permit two men, or two women, to have children," Severus explains patiently. "The really old pureblood families tend not to engage in such practices, because their name is very important to them and tradition dictates it only passes down through the male line. They usually don't want to give it up for someone else's name. But outside that context, it's a common practice in the wizarding world."

Harry just gives Severus a bewildered look.

"I have been extremely remiss with you," Severus apologizes. "It hadn't occurred to me that you came to my house without a proper sexual education. Your Muggle relatives—"

"I know what sex is!" Harry interrupted Severus hurriedly, his face bright red. "We don't have to talk about it."

"Clearly, we do," Severus says, frowning. "It might be embarrassing, but it's extremely important. You need to know about same-sex attraction and biology and contraceptive spells and potions and the concept of consent, especially at your age."

Harry is bright red again. "I don't—I can't—it's impossible to even imagine snogging a girl right now, let alone... shagging." He almost chokes on this last word.

"That's fine," says Severus, very calmly. He is well used to having these awkward conversations with Slytherin students who haven't gotten any education on the topic at home. "Everyone develops differently. Would you rather discuss this with Madam Pomfrey instead of me? As a matter of course, she covers any gaps in sexual education for Muggle-borns, whose parents just aren't capable of explaining the magical approach to things like disease prevention and contraception, but she's more than happy to discuss it with any student."

"No," says Harry faintly, slumping down in his chair again. "I'm good. I don't need to talk about it."

"Promise me you will come to me or her before you get anywhere close to thinking about having sex, please?" Severus pleads. "And if you ever have thoughts that a boy is cute, that is normal, Harry, and it doesn't mean you want to have sex with him or need to face an identity crisis."

"I promise," Harry mutters, nearly indecipherably. "Fine. Whatever."

"So who do you want to ask to the ball?" Severus presses. 

Harry mumbles something indistinct.

Severus chuckles at him.

Harry goes on the offensive. "Who are you taking to the Yule Ball?"

Severus snorts.

Harry smirks. "No one?"

"Absolutely not," Severus says emphatically. "I have to be present to chaperone you brats, and that is all I will be doing."

"Have you ever been in love?"

"Of course," Severus says. "He died in the war. I still miss him, more than a decade later."

"Oh," says Harry, holding his breath for a second. He lets it go in a whoosh. "You're gay, then?"

Severus's lips quirk. "It isn't always either-or, Harry," he explains. God help the Dursleys if Severus ever gets a hold of them! "I have also deeply and irrevocably loved a woman."

"Who?" Harry asks the inevitable question.

"My boyfriend was named Evan Rosier," Severus says. "He was a Death Eater with me. He died before I changed sides. The woman I loved was your mother, of course. My first relationship. She was fierce and strong and beautiful and willful. I would have died for her."

Harry frowns. "Has everyone you've ever loved died?"

"Er..." says Severus, taken aback at the question. "Well, no, you're still here, are you not?"

"I'm it?" says Harry, eyes wide.

"The war was brutal," Severus says quietly. "I hope your generation will be more fortunate."

"Are you ever going to tell me the story of why you and my mother stopped being friends, and she ended up married to someone else?"

"Oh," says Severus, his voice as light as he can make it. "It isn't much of a story. We grew further apart over the years at Hogwarts, as I was drawn into the Dark Lord's politics and she didn't know what to do about that except get in fights with me. When we were sixteen, it all came to a head. I called her a 'Mudblood,' she accused me of wanting to be a Death Eater, I didn't deny it, and we never spoke to each other again. I joined the Dark Lord six months later, and she started dating your father about six months after that."

Harry wrinkles his nose, and stares at Severus for a while. "It's easy to forget you used to be a really bad person," the boy says eventually.

"Ah," says Severus. He doesn't know what to say to that. 

"Did you really believe in blood purity?"

"I really believed that Muggles were worthless and inferior to wizards," Severus answers. "But I never subscribed to the notion of blood hierarchies among wizards. I called Lily a 'Mudblood' to hurt her feelings, not because I ever thought Muggle-borns were not good witches."

"Ugh," says Harry. Then: "Oh god," he adds urgently, "please tell me you never slept with my mother."

Severus scratches the bridge of his nose and doesn't say anything.

"Gross!" exclaims the fourteen-year-old boy.

Severus laughs, in spite of himself.

"Oh no. I cannot handle this. No more Occlumency practice for tonight, there's no way."

Severus nods.

"Good night, Professor," says Harry as he stands up to leave.

"Good night, Harry."
Chapter 26: The Yule Ball
Chapter Text

Harry lives—somehow—through the mortification that is asking his crush to the ball, and being turned down for the older, more handsome, and significantly more charismatic Hogwarts champion, Cedric Diggory. Harry is at least in better shape than Ron, who asked out the Beauxbatons part-Veela champion and didn't even get a verbal response.

For reasons completely unknown, the universe aligns and Parvati Patil, a very good-looking Indian girl, is still available, and she agrees to go with Harry, while her sister will go with Ron. Harry doesn't know whether she agrees because she actually likes him, or because he is Harry Potter, but right then, he doesn't care.

Christmas at the castle is packed; almost no one goes home. Harry thinks he prefers the years when no one stays—he has the castle, and its professors, largely to himself. He wakes up Christmas morning to his usual pile of presents from his friends, a hand-knitted sweater from Mrs. Weasley, and a red-and-white striped scarf that reminds Harry of a peppermint candy. He decides in a rush of mingled affection and defiance that he will wear both the scarf and the sweater today.

Harry doesn't get any questions about the scarf from the Gryffindors in the tower that morning, and even when everyone descends into the Great Hall for Christmas lunch, no one notices that the Slytherins are sporting peppermint scarves that look just like Harry's. Not even Hermione notices.

That is highly unusual of Hermione, and Harry observes her for a while, finally deciding that she is just distracted by this business with the ball. They all play outside in the snow after lunch, and then return to the dorms to get ready. Harry is pleased with how his dress robes look on him, and he's aware enough to notice that Parvati's look very nice on her.

Harry doesn't know what to say to Parvati as they descend to the entrance hall together—even though they've lived together in Gryffindor Tower and attended almost every class together for three and a half years—and when the champions line up with their partners to process into the Great Hall in front of everyone else, Harry's sharp relief at not being among them is interrupted by shock at recognizing Hermione. With Viktor Krum.

Harry's shock, however, has nothing on Ron's (which is clearly commingled with unrealized jealousy).

Mr. Crouch is absent from the proceedings, and has been replaced by his assistant, Ron's brother Percy. Percy manages to find time to harass Ron about proper decorum at a ball, which puts Ron in an even fouler mood. After suffering through dinner and one dance each with their dates, Harry and Ron sneak outside to the rose garden for some air.

Harry recognizes Severus's voice before Ron does, and tries to turn their course, but Ron doesn't budge.

"... don't see what there is to fuss about, Igor."

"Severus, you cannot pretend this isn't happening!" Karkaroff's voice is anxious and hushed. "It's been getting clearer and clearer for months. I am becoming seriously concerned, I can't deny it...."

"Then flee," comes Severus's curt voice. "Flee—I will make your excuses. I, however, am remaining at Hogwarts."

Harry finally sees Severus and Karkaroff come around the corner. Severus has his wand out, blasting rosebushes apart, his expression angry. He takes points from an unfortunate Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff couple, then turns to Harry and Ron.

"And what are you two doing?"

Harry detects some hostility in Severus's tone he cannot account for. Karkaroff doesn't look pleased to see Harry and Ron, either. He starts nervously playing with his goatee.

"We're walking," Ron says defensively. "Not against the law, is it?"

"Keep walking, then!" Severus says unkindly, and he brushes past them, his long black cloak billowing out behind him. Karkaroff hurries away after Severus. Ron continues down the path, and Harry notices after a few seconds, making his strides longer to catch up.

"What's got them all worried?" Ron mutters.

Harry frowns. "And why are he and Snape on first-name terms?"

Severus has always referred to Karkaroff as 'Karkaroff' before, and with no fondness whatsoever.

Their speculation is interrupted by overhearing Hagrid's voice float down the path, and Harry would prefer not to overhear any more private conversations, but Ron refuses to move because he spots Fleur Delacour behind them. So Harry has to listen to Hagrid's struggles with being a half-giant, and Madam Maxime's storming off.

Ron is horrified at the idea of Hagrid being a half-giant, while Harry is a bit perplexed by Ron's reaction. Harry resolves to ask Severus about it... later. When he seems to be in a better mood.

Harry and Ron return to the ball, but neither have any more inclination to dance than they did before, and they return to Gryffindor Tower at midnight, where Ron and Hermione have a massive shouting match in front of everyone.

Harry does not want to have to pick sides between Ron and Hermione, and he keeps his mouth shut.

 

Meanwhile, Severus has shaken off Karkaroff, only to find himself cornered by Dumbledore in the entrance hall while the last stragglers from the Yule Ball pass them on their way to bed.

"Well?" murmurs Dumbledore.

"Well what?" Severus replies, irritated by Dumbledore's air of mystery.

"What did Igor Karkaroff have to say to you in such urgency this evening?"

"His Mark is becoming darker, clearer. He is panicking, he fears retribution; you know how much help he gave the Ministry after the Dark Lord fell." Severus shrugs. "Karkaroff intends to flee if the Mark burns."

"Does he?" says Dumbledore softly, as Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies come giggling in from the grounds. "And are you tempted to join him?"

"Of course not," says Severus, watching Fleur's and Roger's retreating figures. "Fleeing is the most foolish thing he could do. I am not such a coward."

"No," agrees Dumbledore. "You are a braver man by far than Igor Karkaroff. You know, I sometimes think we Sort too soon...."

Severus makes an indistinct sound in his throat. He tamps down on the rising indignation at the implication that Gryffindor has a monopoly on bravery; he can't risk picking a fight with Dumbledore right now.

"And your Mark? Is it behaving similarly?" Dumbledore's tone makes it clear that this is the question he has cornered Severus to ask.

Severus turns to face Dumbledore and gives the man his full attention. He lets a slight crease appear on his brow. "Dumbledore, I—I thought I told you. I defied him over the Philosopher's Stone three years ago and I am no longer Marked."

Dumbledore goes still. He takes a few seconds before replying. "No, Severus, you did not tell me." The man's voice is low and, to Severus's mind, dangerous.

"I am certain I told you I can never pretend to return to his side again," Severus replies calmly.

Dumbledore's blue eyes are blazing. "You did say that, but you did not give me these details."

"Ah," says Severus. "Well, I was in a poor frame of mind at that time. I have come to terms with it by now." Severus leans back against the wall, his movements and his stance relaxed and casual, as though he is discussing how the ball went and whether the students enjoyed themselves. The hall is empty save for Severus and Dumbledore, but it still helps to put on a show.

"As you know, I confronted Quirrell outside the locked door in the third-floor corridor, and the Dark Lord revealed himself to me on the back of Quirrell's head. He demanded I kneel to him and help him obtain the Stone. He promised to 'spare my unworthy life' if I did. I said nothing, but I also did not kneel, and he grew angry. He accused me of being your pet."

Severus pauses to draw a deep breath. "Even after examining this memory in a Pensieve, I am not sure what I was planning or thinking. I raised my wand against him and he had Quirrell turn and place a finger on my left wrist. My Mark burned me. I passed out from the pain, and woke up in the hospital wing."

Dumbledore's eyes are fixed on Severus throughout this recitation. There is no softening in his demeanor. "Yes, you did share all that with me," Dumbledore agrees, his voice hard. "You did not say your Mark was gone."

Severus inclines his head. "It took me a while to notice. I was in the habit of keeping the concealment spell on it, as you know. But when I returned from the hospital wing to my office and decided to examine the Mark in privacy, to see if there were any lingering effects from the confrontation, it was gone."

Dumbledore's expression is still frozen. "I thought the Mark was permanent."

"So did I," Severus agrees. "But it's the physical manifestation of a Death Eater's vow, and I have theorized that if I break the vow, and the Dark Lord knows it, he can take the Mark from me as being unworthy of it."

Dumbledore is silent for a few moments. "Does Karkaroff know this?"

"Of course not," says Severus contemptuously. "I intend to tell no one. Of course, the Dark Lord, if he is back, shall tell whoever he likes. And the possibility of me returning to his side as a spy is completely eliminated."

"Severus," says Dumbledore, his lips barely moving. "I do not know how I can manage a second war against him without a spy."

Severus swallows. "I understand," he concedes. "But it cannot be me. He will kill me on sight with no questions asked. Perhaps you may convince Karkaroff to try. He has never fundamentally turned away from the cause, and the Dark Lord likely understands that. But he would have to be prepared to suffer a great deal of pain for testifying against his comrades after the Dark Lord fell. I do not know if he can face that."

"He will never do it," says Dumbledore, insultingly dismissive of the idea.

Severus lifts a shoulder. Dumbledore surveys Severus another few moments, disappointment and unhappiness etched on his face, then turns and walks away.

Severus's composure does not desert him as he heads downstairs to the dungeons. He ought to have told Dumbledore that his Mark was missing three years ago; it certainly does not look good that he waited this long to do so. But what's done is done, and Severus can only try to face what's coming as best he can.

 

Term starts up again, and a nasty article about Hagrid being half-giant comes out in the paper. Harry shrugs it off, even though the article manages to insinuate there is something improper about the Boy Who Lived being friends with the half-giant.

"Hagrid's been nothing but kind to me," Harry tells Malfoy mildly during their Care of Magical Creatures lesson on Monday. "Kinder than I have been to him. Why would I stop talking to him just because of his heritage?"

Malfoy groans. "This isn't like your quest to make purebloods acknowledge your mother was a brilliant witch," he says in exasperation. The boys in the lesson have hung back while the girls are petting a unicorn on the edge of the forest. "Giants are violent and hate humans, Potter. And you know as well as I do that even if Hagrid mostly means well, he doesn't have the same ideas about what's violent as we do. Can you imagine if we were still taking this class with him?!"

Harry just shrugs. "Professor Snape knows I'm friends with Hagrid and he doesn't have a problem with it." At least... well, Severus hadn't had a problem with it when Hagrid invited Harry to tea in his hut during Harry's first year.

"I don't believe you," Malfoy says, eyeing Harry suspiciously. "And speaking of... I've been meaning to ask. No one in Slytherin will admit to losing their scarf from Christmas. Who did you get it from?"

Harry snickers. He is still wearing the peppermint scarf everywhere. "Took you long enough to work up the courage to ask."

"Courage?" sputters Malfoy. "I'm not scared of you! I just didn't care to come find you for a conversation before class started back up."

"Professor Snape gave it to me," Harry answers with a smile. "What, you think you have to be in Slytherin for him to like someone?"

Malfoy's eyes narrow. "It's supposed to be our thing," he says, his voice getting close to a whine.

"Oh dear," says Harry condescendingly. "Have I ruined it for you? Terribly sorry," he says in a cheerful voice that is as far from sorry as he can get.

Malfoy is prevented from replying when Grubbly-Plank demands their attention back on the unicorn.

 

Harry visits Severus that evening after dinner. Severus seems to be in a better mood when he answers the door and lets Harry in.

"Should I be worried about Hagrid and this half-giant business?" Harry asks without preamble.

"I don't believe so," Severus answers carefully. "Giants are brutal and violent, and I've yet to meet any exceptions. But I've also never seen any indication that Hagrid is anything beyond a little lacking in judgment as to how easily injured humans are. And Dumbledore... well, he is a lot of things, but he wouldn't have kept Hagrid on for fifty years if Hagrid showed signs of being as violent as the giants."

"I hate being in the papers," Harry grouses. "The reporter who wrote the article about Hagrid is the same one who keeps stalking me, isn't she?"

Severus nods.

"Can I sue her for slander?" Harry asks hopefully.

Severus raises an eyebrow. "What in her article was untruthful?"

"She said Hagrid and I have a close friendship! That's a wild exaggeration."

"She said you are reputed to have a close friendship," Severus corrects him. "As long as she can produce a single student who says he has observed signs that you and Hagrid are close, she would win any claim for slander."

Harry sighs. "Well, I'm not going to visit Hagrid again anytime soon, anyway. And not because of this stupid article. I just have way too much homework all of a sudden. I also came down to ask if we could pause Occlumency lessons. I don't think I can balance it with my workload much longer," Harry explains, neglecting to add that it's because he treated Christmas as a vacation and touched none of his homework during that time. "And I've had no strange dreams at all since the summer."

"Of course," Severus agrees. "Occlumency isn't something that can be pushed on you if you're not in the right frame of mind to do it."

"When and how did you learn Occlumency?" Harry asks, curious about this for the first time since Severus mentioned the discipline. "You must be the best Occlumens in the world if you can lie to You-Know-Who and Dumbledore."

Severus makes a neutral sound before he answers. "I began learning in my sixth year of school with Evan Rosier. We practiced together and developed a fair amount of skill. I didn't truly become skilled until I had lessons with the Dark Lord the summer after my sixth year."

"You-Know-Who taught you Occlumency?" asks Harry, awed.

"Among other things," Severus agrees, slightly amused.

"Then why does it work against him, if he knows you are so good at it?"

"A complicated question," answers Severus with a sigh. "There are a few different layers to Occlumency skills. The one I'm teaching you is the most basic—a shield over your mind. My shield is very strong, and he knows it's very strong, and he also knows when I'm shielding because it denies all access to a mind. Successfully lying to a skilled Legilimens requires that you banish that shield and permit the Legilimens access to your mind, carefully and selectively shutting down only the thoughts and memories that contradict the lie. He might know that I am capable of doing this, but he would not necessarily be able to detect when I am doing it."

"Wow," says Harry. "And I thought I was doing all right with my basic shield."

"You are doing well," Severus says reassuringly. "You have no need to develop Occlumency on the level that would fool a skilled Legilimens. If you ever need to lie to Dumbledore, just refuse to look him in the eye."

"And if I need to lie to You-Know-Who?" Harry asks apprehensively.

"Ah," says Severus. "Well, he is capable of Legilimency without eye contact or a spell. You will not be able to lie to him with your Occlumency skills as they are now."

Harry is gripping the arm of his chair a little too tightly, and he makes himself release it. "So if I ever face him, I have no hope of hiding anything from him."

"Not really, no," Severus answers, a little too casually for the topic in Harry's opinion. "Virtually no one does, Harry. It's not a personal failing on your part."

"So why am I bothering to learn Occlumency?" Harry asks, visibly frustrated.

"When you know a basic level of Occlumency, you can close your mind to him as long as he does not actively attack it. He will know it is closed, but he will not necessarily know why you are using Occlumency, much less precisely when you are lying."

"And if he does actively attack?"

Severus's mouth turns down. "I would consider that severe harm, Harry," he answers. "It is painful and can permanently damage an unskilled person's mind. And again, it's not a disparagement of your ability. Even I would not be able to conceal things from him for long under direct Legilimency combined with a physical attack."

Harry's face is very white. "Right," he says faintly.

Severus gives him a small smile. "I trust him to keep to our deal," Severus says in a mild voice, and then changes the topic. "Didn't you say you have a lot of homework to do?"
Chapter 27: The Second Task
Chapter Text

Despite their homework load, Harry and his friends decide to take advantage of the Hogsmeade weekend in mid-January. At the Three Broomsticks, Harry is drawn into a conversation with Ludo Bagman, who (much like the rest of the wizarding world) apparently can't turn down the chance to converse with the famous Harry Potter.

Harry isn't super interested until Bagman starts talking about Bertha Jorkins. "And it's all very strange. She definitely arrived in Albania, because she met her second cousin there. And then she left the cousin's house to go south and see an aunt... and she seems to have vanished without trace en route."

Harry probably looks more attentive than the conversation deserves, because Bagman suddenly clears his throat self-consciously and changes the subject to the Triwizard Tournament. Harry is just agreeing that he'd like to see the Hogwarts champion win when Fred and George Weasley swoop in on their conversation and Bagman practically runs away from them.

Bagman is replaced in the pub by Rita Skeeter, the journalist who is constantly trying to find Harry. Harry regrets his outing to Hogsmeade when she spots him right away and interrupts her own monologue about the sketchy things Ludo Bagman might be up to.

"Harry Potter!" she exclaims, hurrying to the table where he is sitting with Ron and Hermione. She sticks her hand out. "Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent for the Daily Prophet." Harry takes her hand almost automatically. Her grip is very firm. "Our readers have just been dying for a story from you, Harry. What do you say to a nice interview? We can sit down right here, in fact!"

She opens a bag and takes out a quill and parchment.

"I really prefer my privacy, thank you," Harry says in as firm a voice as he can muster. "Please."

Rita Skeeter freezes, looking taken aback for a second before she recovers with a broad smile. "Oh, I completely understand. It won't be an invasion of privacy at all. Our readers would just like to hear about how you're doing at school, your favorite subjects and professors, perhaps the latest witch or wizard you're dating?"

Harry presses his lips together, staring at her mistrustfully.

"Harry will give you an interview if you agree not to publish anything he asks you to leave out," Hermione interjects with a smile that she clearly intends to be friendly, but just comes off as sharp.

Rita Skeeter blinks at the interruption. "Oh, that's not really what I—"

"Yeah," says Harry loudly. "An interview but it sticks to the facts. That sounds fine." He tries to offer his own version of a friendly smile.

Rita Skeeter's smile twists just a little, but she sits down in the chair that Ron pulls out for her. "Oh, very well," she says ungraciously. "I suppose it will be worth it for the first interview anyone's ever had with Harry Potter."

Then she beams at him and placed a long green quill on the parchment in front of her. "So tell me, Harry, about your childhood. Is it true you grew up with Muggles?"

Harry blinks at her. "You said you wanted to know about school."

Her beaming façade is undiminished. "I want to know about you, Harry. Your childhood is a fact, isn't it?"

Harry scratches his nose and looks at Hermione. She shrugs. "Helpful," he mutters at her. Then he sighs, and squares his shoulders to face Rita Skeeter. "Yes, I grew up with my mother's sister. My mother, Lily Potter, was Muggle-born so her sister is a Muggle."

Rita Skeeter leans forward eagerly. "And what did you think about it, growing up in the Muggle world? Was it hard to enter the magical world? Do you miss your parents?"

Harry rubs his arms uncomfortably. "Muggles are people just like us," he mutters. "I don't believe in blood purity. You can definitely write that," he adds fiercely.

Rita Skeeter beams at him again. "Oh, Harry, I will. How brave of you to take a position on the issue when you're so young!"

"One of my best friends is a Muggle-born," says Harry. "Put that down too. She's the best in our year."

Next to him, Hermione blushes.

"So you'd say there's no difference between your childhood and a child who grows up in the magical world?" Rita asked, looking at Harry shrewdly.

"I wouldn't know," Harry says stubbornly. "Having not experienced both of them."

Rita prods at the subject for a while, and Harry starts to get a headache while trying not to say anything that would embarrass him before the wizarding public or endanger Severus. He insists he gets along with his Muggle relatives "just fine," and is relieved when the subject finally switches to school.

He hesitates before answering who his favorite professor is—"I guess my Head of House, Professor McGonagall"—clarifies that Hagrid "has always been kind to me, but I wouldn't say we're close"—explains that his date to the Yule Ball was Parvati Patil, "but we're just friends," he adds as hastily as he can, and stammers trying to make it clear he isn't dating anyone—he doesn't remember his parents but of course he wishes they were alive—he draws a complete blank when asked what he wants to do for a living when he finishes school, having literally never thought about that question before in his life—and he won't make any comments on his entry into and disqualification from the tournament, other than gratitude to his aunt for withdrawing him since it would be very dangerous for a fourteen-year-old.

Rita asks a few questions of Ron and Hermione which seem mostly harmless, and then Harry finally puts a stop to the interview, insisting that it's late and they need to head back to the castle.

"What a disaster," groans Harry as they leave the Three Broomsticks and hurry back down the path to the castle. "I bet she twists everything I said to make it sound horrible."

"We'll just have to see," says Hermione sympathetically. "The odds that you could avoid her forever were not great."

"I know," Harry mutters gloomily. "But I hate it."

 

The second task, when it arrives, is an enormous let-down compared to watching the contestants face dragons. The school troops down to the lakeside and the students fill out the stands. Harry notices Mr. Crouch is still missing, and Percy Weasley is a judge instead. The contestants jump in the lake to recover something that was taken from them, and then the audience just... sits there.

"Where's Hermione?" says Ron as he and Harry take seats next to Neville and Dean.

"Haven't seen her all morning," Harry answers. Neville and Dean both shrug.

"Bet she decided to skip this snooze-fest and do homework," says Ron disparagingly.

"Can't really blame her though, can you?" Harry asks with some sympathy to the idea of being indoors, where it's warm, and doing something productive.

The only thing that happens within the next hour is Fleur surfacing early, having called for help when grindylows almost drowned her. She is sobbing over something—losing this round, perhaps? Harry can't tell what—and then at the expiration of the hour, Cedric surfaces with Cho, which makes something funny happen in Harry's stomach. Finally, outside the hour, Krum surfaces from the lake and it's Hermione that he had to rescue from its depths.

Ron is boiling mad. Harry decides not to accompany him when Ron storms over to them, and hangs back to chat with Neville and Dean instead.

 

Rita Skeeter's article appears the week after the second task. It comes out in Witch Weekly, rather than the Daily Prophet, to Harry's surprise.

She has made Harry sound much more interesting than he really is, bemoaning his childhood among Muggles, as though that is some kind of pitiable thing on its own, but praising him for his bravery in standing up for Muggle rights. She claims he has better grades and more friends than he really does, coming up with a bunch of quotes from other students who barely know Harry but claim to know everything about him. She makes him out to be a tragic hero, of course, surviving You-Know-Who as a baby and mysteriously entering and withdrawing from the Triwizard Tournament this year. She faithfully reports that Harry's best friends are Hermione and Ron, but she apparently can't help herself and hints at a love triangle with Parvati. It's one of the stupidest things Harry has ever read, but he forces himself to read it carefully and pick out whether anything she's said is actually a demonstrable lie.

She's good. None of it is. It's just stupid.

The Slytherins make fun of Harry for the article at the beginning of Potions class, and Severus actually threatens to take points off his own House if they don't settle down and pay attention.

That is all that's required to make them instantly fall in line, and Harry can go back to pretending the article never happened.

During class, Severus stops by to look at Harry's potion and tell him, in a low voice, to stay after class. Harry sighs but gives the professor a tiny nod. He hopes he isn't going to be scolded for talking to Rita Skeeter.

The class is almost over when there is a knock at the dungeon door. Of all people, Igor Karkaroff enters. Everyone stares as he approaches Severus and demands to talk.

"I'll talk to you after my lesson, Karkaroff," Severus mutters, but Karkaroff interrupts him.

"I want to talk now, while you can't slip off, Severus. You've been avoiding me."

"After the lesson," Severus snaps.

Harry studies them. He never did ask Severus why Karkaroff cornered him at Christmas. Harry badly wants to know what is going on. When class is dismissed, Harry cleans up his station but doesn't leave with the rest of the class. He hovers at the door, eavesdropping but pretending very hard that he isn't.

"What's so urgent?" Severus hisses at Karkaroff.

"This," says Karkaroff, and Harry's eyes stray to where the two men are standing. Harry watches Karkaroff pull up the left-hand sleeve of his robe and show Severus something on his inner forearm.

"Well?" demands Karkaroff. "Do you see? It's never been this clear, never since—"

"For Merlin's sake, put it away," says Severus in a tight voice.

"But you must have noticed—" Karkaroff begins in an agitated voice.

"We can talk later, Karkaroff," interrupts Severus, with a nod at where Harry is standing by the door.

Karkaroff stares at Harry, eyes very wide, then storms past him and out of the classroom.

"What was that all about?" asks Harry, his voice shaking slightly as he walks back to Severus's desk.

"Oh," says Severus, suddenly sounding exhausted. "The Dark Mark on Karkaroff's skin is becoming clearer. I don't know if I explained to you how it mostly disappeared after the Dark Lord fell. Well, Karkaroff has noticed it's coming back."

"Oh," says Harry, taken aback. "Why is it coming back?"

"Because," says Severus, sounding wearier than ever. "The Dark Lord is getting stronger."

Harry swallows. "He's going to get his real body back soon, you think."

Severus nods.

"Does, er, does 'Moody' have anything to do with the fact that Mr. Crouch keeps missing the tournament events?"

Severus gives Harry a wry smile. "You are not supposed to know about that, remember?"

Which Harry takes for a 'yes.'

Severus clears his throat. "That's not why I asked you to stay. I only wanted to say well done with Rita Skeeter. That was as kind an article as you could have hoped for, and it was a much better strategy than ignoring her forever."

Harry flushes. "It was Hermione's idea. And I hate it."

"I know you do," Severus agrees. "But, considering the circumstances, it was well done."

Harry sighs, and picks up his bag to leave and find Ron and Hermione and tell them everything that happened after class.

 

Due to the article, Harry starts getting owl post. He grumbles about it and refuses to open any of the letters. Ron and Hermione, more interested than Harry, open a few of them until Hermione finds one calling Harry a blood traitor containing a poisonous substance inside. She goes to the hospital wing in tears and Harry resolves to burn every letter from a sender he doesn't know.

Harry finds he has no inclination to visit Hogsmeade the next opportunity there is to do so. He is tired of being the object of attention due to the article, so he hides in Gryffindor Tower. With Harry refusing to go, Ron balks at the idea of going alone with Hermione, who puts her nose in the air and leaves—presumably for the library.

Harry buries his face in a book and resolves, again, to stay out of it, whatever is going on with Ron and Hermione.
Chapter 28: The Third Task
Chapter Text

The students' load of homework only gets worse when the Easter holidays arrive. Harry has no time to visit Severus and gossip about former Death Eaters. He focuses on making it out of fourth year.

But in the last week of May, Harry's resolve to not care about former Death Eaters is tested by Hermione's adventures. Apparently, she has been sneaking out of the castle in the evenings to meet up with Krum, unnoticed by Harry (but perhaps never escaping Ron's notice). On Thursday evening, she finds Harry and Ron sitting together in the common room. She is distressed to the point of tears, and Harry has to be very patient to get the story out of her.

Hermione and Krum were walking along the edge of the forest and Krum was telling her he had just found out what the third task is going to be. Suddenly, a man staggered out of the forest, completely insane. It was Mr. Crouch. He was begging to see Dumbledore but alternating it with episodes of seeming to have no idea where he was. Krum stayed to guard Mr. Crouch while Hermione ran to get Dumbledore. She found Snape instead of Dumbledore, who was unhelpful. Luckily, Dumbledore found her, but by the time Dumbledore made it to the forest—joined by Moody, Hagrid, and Karkaroff—Krum was unconscious and Mr. Crouch was nowhere to be seen.

"He said he's done something terrible," says Hermione, still visibly distressed. "He mentioned his son, and someone named Bertha, and he said—he said the Dark Lord is getting stronger and started rambling about you!"

"Er, what about me?" Harry asks nervously.

"I told you, it was nothing coherent. But it was frightening, Harry!"

"Bertha... I wonder if he meant Bertha Jorkins," Harry speculates. "And his son—did you know his son was a Death Eater? Or accused of being one, anyway."

"No," Hermione replies slowly. "How do you know that, Harry?"

"I was just looking into old Death Eater trials," Harry lies. "Barty Crouch's son was arrested for torturing Neville's parents into insanity, trying to find You-Know-Who after he disappeared."

This makes Hermione's already wide eyes go even wider.

"No," she says faintly.

They sit in silence for a while and Harry tries to think of something comforting to say, but comes up blank.

"Karkaroff accused me of trying to sabotage Viktor," Hermione eventually says, twisting her hands in her lap. "It's really become more trouble than it's worth, seeing him, although he is very sweet."

Harry just nods, a little blankly. Ron has very carefully kept his mouth shut for the entire conversation about Krum, and Harry admires that he manages to stick with it now.

"Crouch was at his sanest trying to talk about You-Know-Who," Hermione says suddenly. "Do you think that—that You-Know-Who is coming back?"

"Er, yes," Harry admits, then clears his throat and says it again more strongly. "Yes. Dumbledore bringing Moody here to teach, and I told you what Ron and I overheard between Karkaroff and Snape—they're obviously all worried about it. And we found out in our first year that You-Know-Who never really died to begin with, remember?"

Hermione's face is very white, and Ron's is no better.

 

When Harry visits Severus again in his office the next evening, Severus listens to the story intently, but he is puzzled.

"I am not sure that it makes any sense," says Severus slowly. "First of all, I did not run into Moody and tell him what was going on. Granger didn't tell me enough of the story that I could have. So whoever tipped Moody off, he lied about who it was."

Harry nods, unsurprised to hear this.

"I know that Moody is Crouch's son," Severus continues, "but I don't know what he did to Crouch senior before coming to Hogwarts. But it must have been Barty, I can't imagine anyone else has it out for Crouch senior."

"What does his son have against him?"

"Barty went to Azkaban, as I told you in November. Crouch senior got him out of Azkaban, but held him prisoner inside the house instead. The Dark Lord found them this summer and set Barty free. So... I'd imagine he has quite a lot against his father."

"Did he," Harry swallows, "do you think he killed him?"

Severus shrugs. "It's certainly plausible."

"And what does Bertha Jorkins have to do with it all?"

Severus gives a start of surprise. "Oh, her. According to Barty, she had a run in with Wormtail and the Dark Lord in Albania when he was fetching Nagini. She came off the worse for it. She's the one who knew about Crouch senior holding his Death Eater son prisoner in his home."

"So... she's dead then," Harry guesses.

"Likely so."

Harry presses his lips together. "Any word on whether he is still after my blood?"

"No word," says Severus. "If you're worried about it, I will find a way to press Moody on the issue. He does need boomslang skin from me for his constant Polyjuice imbibition."

"Yes," says Harry quietly. "Please do. Hermione was quite frightened by the way Crouch senior kept saying my name in the same sentence as 'the Dark Lord.'"

"I'm sure there's nothing to be frightened of," says Severus reassuringly. "But I will investigate."

 

Severus, however, does not get back to Harry all weekend. Harry, Ron, and Hermione all find they are having trouble sleeping.

Harry is so out of sorts that he props his hand on his chin during Arithmancy and lets himself tune out of Professor Vector's lecture. Vector has no tolerance for this behavior... if she notices it. Harry has been a decent student so far, however, and she isn't in the habit of keeping a sharp eye on him.

Harry closes his eyes—just for a second—and then he is riding on the back of an eagle owl.

Harry watches as Wormtail sobs on a hearth run next to Nagini. The owl brings good news; someone is dead. Wormtail's blunder has been repaired.

"Nagini," says the high, cold voice, "you are out of luck. I will not be feeding Wormtail to you, after all... but never mind, never mind... there are always more traitors...."

The snake hisses. Harry can see its tongue fluttering.

"Now, Wormtail," says the cold voice, "perhaps one more little reminder why I will not tolerate another blunder from you...."

"My Lord... no... I beg you...."

The tip of a wand emerges from around the back of the chair. It is pointing at Wormtail.

"Crucio!" says the cold voice.

Wormtail screams, the screaming filling Harry's ears as the scar on his forehead sears with pain; Harry is yelling too....

"Harry! Harry!"

Harry is lying on the floor. Hermione is shaking him, looking scared out of her wits. Harry's scar hurts so badly his eyes are watering. Even Professor Vector looks concerned rather than angry at the disruption of her class.

"It's nothing," says Harry. "A bad headache. Sorry, I didn't mean to—"

"Hospital wing," interrupts Vector in her sharp manner. "Miss Granger, you better accompany him, if you would."

Hermione nods, and helps Harry stand up. Everyone else keeps a careful distance from them.

Once they are out of the classroom, Harry sighs and slumps up against a wall. "I had a vision," he admits. "A dream. I dunno if it was real, but it felt really real. It was about You-Know-Who. He wanted to feed someone to his snake. He was torturing them."

He stops at the look on Hermione's face.

"This isn't the first time I've dreamed about You-Know-Who," Harry tells her, rather than continuing to describe the dream in more graphic detail. "The first time was over the summer."

"Go to Dumbledore," Hermione suggests, her voice very tight.

"What?" asks Harry, shocked. "The headmaster? Why would I do that?"

"He's the only person who You-Know-Who was ever afraid of," says Hermione. "He'll be interested in any information you have about—about him being active again."

"I doubt it," says Harry darkly, rubbing his forehead. "I can't imagine Dumbledore would take me seriously. No, I want to talk to...."

He trails off, but Hermione is biting her lip and she is so worried, Harry feels a rush of desire to be honest with her. At least more honest than he has been.

"Professor Snape," Harry admits. "I told him about the first vision and he's taken it very seriously. He is—or was, before I decided I was too busy last term—teaching me to control my mind, to block out any visions coming from someone else."

"Oh, wow, Harry," says Hermione, and her face is instantly transformed with relief. "That's amazing that he's helping you. But you have to start those lessons back up immediately!"

"Yeah," Harry agrees slowly. "Yeah, I know. I can't interrupt his class now, he'd kill me." Or at least verbally dress him down in front of the other students. "But I think I'll lurk outside and corner him when he's done."

"I'll wait with you," Hermione says instantly, because she needs the comfort of knowing someone is doing something productive.

Severus, when he's finished with class, is civil enough to Hermione and Harry. Hermione leaves them alone in Severus's office, and Harry tells Severus everything he can remember about the vision.

"Interesting," says Severus neutrally when Harry is finished.

"Er, does he do that... a lot? Torture his own followers? I mean, I thought Wormtail helped him come back just as much as you did...."

Severus bestows on Harry a severe, biting look. "Indeed," he says stiffly.

Harry shudders. "Why am I getting these visions? Why do they hurt my scar like that?"

Severus taps his fingers on his desk, thinking. "Your scar hurt your first year at Hogwarts, when the Dark Lord was near you, in the castle."

"Yes," Harry agrees.

"And it hurt when you got these visions of him feeling, shall we say, more emotional than usual?"

"I guess," Harry says faintly. "I don't know—I don't know if he was emotional when he was murdering that old Muggle. He was just... plotting."

"Plotting about you," Severus reminds Harry. "Perhaps you get a stronger connection when he is thinking about you."

"He wasn't thinking about me today," Harry objects. "But—he was definitely angry. Very angry."

Severus nods. "Something happened when he failed to kill you in Godric's Hollow," Severus continues. "I am sure of it. I have a particularly dark theory that I—I hope to disprove," he says with a visible swallow.

"I don't—I don't like them, the visions. I need to start Occlumency lessons again," Harry says, dejected. "I shouldn't have quit them."

"Yes, of course. You are still practicing emptying your mind every night before bed?"

"Er... sometimes," says Harry evasively, with a distinct feeling of guilt.

"Do," says Severus dryly.

"I know," Harry mutters. "Did you get anything from Moody yet?"

"He refuses to speak to me," Severus acknowledges with a slight frown. "But I will keep trying."

 

Harry spends the month of June practicing emptying his mind, attending Occlumency lessons with Severus, and trying desperately to avoid failing all his exams at the end of the month. When he learns that Cedric, as Hogwarts champion, does not have to sit his exams, Harry is almost regretful that he let Aunt Petunia withdraw him.

Almost.

Harry would still rather face exams over dragons.

Somehow, he gets through exams with hopes of passing into fifth year. The last day of exams, the students learn that some members of the public have been allowed into Hogwarts to watch the third task, and some of Ron's family is there. Ron, Harry, and Hermione eat lunch with Mrs. Weasley and Bill, who have been touring the grounds with the other visitors. Harry listens to Mrs. Weasley's reminiscences about Hogwarts with a smile, but he's saddened by the news that Percy is in trouble at work for what happened with Mr. Crouch.

After the last exam of the day, the entire school troops down to the Quidditch pitch for the third task. The field is completely unrecognizable, with a high hedge around it. Nothing can be seen inside.

"You've got to be kidding me," Ron says with a groan as he drops into a seat next to Harry, Hermione, and his family. "Another task where we just wait around and watch nothing until the end?"

"At least I'm not unconscious for it this time," says Hermione darkly, who has not forgiven the Tournament organizers for using underage human hostages during the second task.

Harry pats her knee absently. "There is that," he agrees. "Hope Cedric wins."

The evening quickly becomes dark, until nothing can be seen of the hedge maze. All is quiet. Harry finds himself bored. Exams are over, summer is here, and he wants to be out flying on a broomstick instead of watching all this nothing.

It is an hour before anything happens. Sparks fly from in the center of the maze, and professors enter the maze and come back out with Fleur and Krum. There is no sign of Cedric. A confused babble starts to spring up among the audience. After about five minutes, Bagman announces that Cedric won the Tournament and reached the Cup first. Fleur and Krum were just behind him, and they watched him disappear when he touched the cup. They called for help, and were retrieved from the maze. There is no explanation for Cedric's disappearance.

And Harry suddenly remembers a conversation with Severus back in November. About Voldemort entering Harry in the tournament to use his blood. But Voldemort couldn't use Harry, after Aunt Petunia's interference. So, Harry realizes with a chill, he's using Cedric's....

Frantic, Harry stands up and exits the stands. He has to find Severus, and they have to help Cedric.

Severus, meanwhile, has been sitting idly with Dumbledore and Fudge and the tournament judges, chatting about inconsequential matters while they wait for the champions to thread the maze. When Fleur and Krum are rescued, and Cedric is announced missing, Severus understands what has happened a lot more quickly than Harry.

Severus makes eye contact with Karkaroff as they follow the other officials down to the field. The other man looks positively petrified, and is clutching his left arm with his right hand.

"Did he call you?" Severus asks softly.

A flash of confusion crosses Karkaroff face. "Not yet," he whispers back. "But it—hurts. Can't you feel it?"

Severus narrows his eyes. "Are you going if he calls?"

Karkaroff looks away from Severus's gaze. "I think—I think I shall—"

And then Karkaroff flinches, clutches his arm harder, and all the blood leaves his face. He turns to Dumbledore, whose side they have reached.

"It has happened," Karkaroff says in a voice so low, Severus has to strain to hear it, even standing right next to them. "He has called everyone. I cannot tell where to go unless we actually... go."

"He has my student," Dumbledore says in a cold voice, and his eyes flash. "We're going."

Dumbledore mutters some spells under his breath, engaging in some complicated wand work, then grabs Karkaroff's arm, and the two disappear in tandem.

Severus is not the only person whose jaw drops open. Fudge, McGonagall—everyone is staring at the space Dumbledore used to be, bewildered.

"Did Karkaroff just kidnap Dumbledore?" Bagman asks in a shrill voice.

Severus is certain that Karkaroff did not kidnap Dumbledore, but the only other explanation he can come up with is... difficult to credit. Karkaroff would, as he said, be able to take Dumbledore to wherever Voldemort summoned him, and possibly rescue the missing Hogwarts student. But the courage required to thwart Voldemort like that—in person, to his face—well, Severus did not think Karkaroff possessed such mettle. Not even with Albus Dumbledore at his side.

They don't have long to wait for answer to Bagman's question: in under a minute, everyone is back. Karkaroff is still clutching at Dumbledore's arm, paler than ever, and Dumbledore is cradling someone in his arms.

It's Cedric Diggory, his face streaked with dirt and tears. His parents descend on him instantly, taking him out of Dumbledore's arms. His mother clutches him tightly while his father demands answers.

"Minerva and Severus, find Moody," Dumbledore orders. "We need him immediately. Mr. and Mrs. Diggory, please accompany me and your son to the Hogwarts hospital wing, if you please."

Severus's gaze sweeps the lawn, but fake-Moody is nowhere to be seen.

If the Dark Lord has returned and called all his Death Eaters to his side, that is hardly surprising. In fact, Severus suspects no one will ever see Barty-as-Moody again.
Chapter 29: The Resurrection
Chapter Text

Severus decides against helping McGonagall look for Barty Crouch. He follows Dumbledore to the hospital wing.

Madam Pomfrey and Professor Sprout are waiting there for them. Pomfrey settles Cedric into a bed and starts examining him. Mrs. Diggory sits next to her son, holding his hand, while Dumbledore and Mr. Diggory find other chairs at the bedside. Severus leans back against the wall, next to Karkaroff, and crosses his arms against his chest. He, too, would like to hear what happened.

Cedric's story is halting. The boy is clearly traumatized. He tells the room that the Triwizard Cup was a Portkey. It took him to a graveyard. Cedric thought it might be part of the Tournament, so he was reluctant to immediately try to flee by Apparating somewhere else. Then it was too late: Cedric was attacked by a man, a stranger he didn't recognize. The man took Cedric's wand and immobilized him. The man was carrying a bundle. He unwrapped it to reveal a horrible child-sized thing, which Cedric cannot bring himself to describe.

The child thing taunted Cedric, saying that it was the Dark Lord Voldemort (Cedric says the name, although he stutters on it) and Cedric would help bring him back to life. Voldemort offered Cedric to join him, for power, glory, and riches, and Cedric refused—bravely and foolishly. The child thing laughed at Cedric, and told the other man to begin.

The man dragged out a cauldron. He placed the child thing into the boiling water, which emitted sparks like diamonds. The man dug into a grave, adding "bone of the father" to the potion; cut into Cedric's arm, for "blood of the enemy"; and cut off his very own hand, for "flesh of the servant."

Whereupon a terrifying, skeletal man with vivid red eyes rose from the cauldron. He gave what Cedric describes as an evil grin, and pressed something on the strange man's arm. Wizards started Apparating around the clearing—Cedric reckons most of them were Death Eaters, but in no time at all, Dumbledore and Karkaroff also appeared.

Dumbledore rescued Cedric in what seemed like under a second: Dumbledore ducked a few spells from You-Know-Who, swept Cedric into his arms, and Disapparated him away.

When Cedric finishes this story, Dumbledore assures Cedric he was very brave and did well to keep his head. There was nothing he could have done to prevent this from happening. Dumbledore leaves Cedric with his parents and Professor Sprout, and quietly withdraws from the hospital wing. Severus and Karkaroff follow.

"Severus, will you please return to the grounds and find Cornelius Fudge? Tell him I will be in my office to discuss what happened tonight."

Severus nods, and leaves the other men at the main staircase. Fudge is still outside, talking with Ministry officials and reporters, and he gives Severus a sort of distracted nod when Severus relays Dumbledore's message.

McGonagall finds Severus as he is returning to the castle. "Moody is not here, nor anywhere outside," she tells him.

Severus nods in acknowledgement.

"What happened tonight?" she asks, following him inside the castle doors.

As they head to Moody's office, Severus tells her.

"Dumbledore knew something like this would happen," she says tightly when Severus is finished. "He should never have allowed the Triwizard Tournament to take place here."

"At least he saved the boy's life," Severus says heavily. "And thanks to Igor Karkaroff! I never would have believed it."

"Small mercies," agrees McGonagall, but she still sounds angry and frightened.

They have reached Moody's office, and McGonagall raps sharply on the door. She waits a heartbeat or two, then points her wand at the door. The door promptly disappears.

Severus shoots her an admiring look. Vanishing a door is a neat trick to bypass spells locking the door, but requires so much power and precision that it is tricky to pull off for anyone but a Transfiguration expert.

McGonagall pays no attention to Severus and steps into the office. It is empty, and just as it has been all year: the Secrecy Sensor vibrating in the corner, the massive trunk under the window, and the Foe Glass that shows... well, it shows Severus and McGonagall's faces.

They exchange a wary glance.

"We're Moody's foes now, are we?" she asks, sounding cross. "We'll see about that." She raises her wand and casts "Homenum revelio."

A shadow swoops onto the trunk underneath the window. McGonagall is very grim as she approaches it. It takes both her and Severus several minutes, working together, to break the locks on the trunk. They open the trunk, cycling through several different compartments with an assortment of junk inside, until the seventh try.

They find themselves looking down into a kind of pit, an underground room, and lying on the floor some ten feet below, apparently fast asleep, is Mad-Eye Moody.

But he looks very different than he did a couple hours ago. His wooden leg is gone, the socket that should hold the magical eye looks empty beneath its lid, and chunks of his hair are missing.

Severus and McGonagall exchange another glance, and then she points her wand at Moody and floats him out of the trunk.

"He's unconscious, and looks very ill," Severus observes unnecessarily.

"I don't think he got this way in the past hour," says McGonagall grimly.

"No," Severus agrees. "Hospital wing?"

So they walk together to the hospital wing, floating their eerie burden alongside them.

Severus and McGonagall leave Moody with Pomfrey, and then go find Dumbledore in his office.

Dumbledore looks up as they enter. He suddenly seems very old to Severus. "Any luck?" he asks McGonagall.

McGonagall takes a seat next to Mrs. Weasley, who apparently has already arrived to see how she can help Dumbledore. McGonagall wastes no time and tells Dumbledore what happened. He listens silently, his face giving away nothing.

"I will monitor him and be there when he awakes," Dumbledore decides when she is finished. "In the meantime... we must take immediate action against Lord Voldemort."

Severus flinches at the name. He can't help it; it is a reaction that has been ingrained in him ever since he first heard the name when he was twelve. Dumbledore ignores the flinch, as he always does.

Fudge takes that moment to enter the office without knocking.

"Well, Dumbledore, you better have a good explanation for all of this," he says, full of angry bluster. "You would not believe how upset the public and the press are."

"I would believe it, Cornelius," says Dumbledore. His voice is like steel. "I left the Third Task to rescue my student from Lord Voldemort's resurrection ceremony."

At that, Fudge flinches right along with Severus. "You-Know-Who... returned? Preposterous. Unthinkable."

Fudge listens to Dumbledore's story, his face getting redder and redder.

"You think this madman was actually You-Know-Who himself? He seems to be a criminal, a kidnapper, and certainly we should find him, but come, Dumbledore!"

Dumbledore meets Fudge's eyes with a stern look. "What Cedric described is exactly the ritual that would be needed to bring him back to his body. The boy could not have come up with it on his own, such Dark magic. And I observed the final product for myself, Cornelius. Lord Voldemort has returned."

"You observed someone pretending to be him, Dumbledore," Fudge says, and he's pleading now, actually pleading with Dumbledore. "You cannot be serious. You will start a panic. It will destabilize everything we have worked for these last thirteen years."

"Voldemort has returned," Dumbledore repeats. "If you accept that fact straightaway, Fudge, and take the necessary measures, we may still be able to save the situation."

Severus listens numbly as Dumbledore and Fudge argue about the dementors of Azkaban, reaching out to the giants, and as it somehow descends into a shouting match related to blood purity, of all things.

Fudge loses his patience eventually. "No, Dumbledore, I've had it with your mad plots and your paranoia. You are insane. Mad." Fudge stands up abruptly from his chair. "No evidence... none at all.... When we all know he died fourteen years ago!"

"If your determination to shut your eyes will carry you as far as this, Cornelius," says Dumbledore, "we have reached a parting of the ways. You must act as you see fit. And I shall act as I see fit."

Dumbledore's voice carries no hint of a threat; it sounds like a mere statement, but Fudge bristles as though Dumbledore were advancing upon him with a wand.

"Now, see here, Dumbledore," he says, looming over Dumbledore's desk, waving a threatening finger. "I've had a lot of respect for you. I might not have agreed with some of your decisions, but I've kept quiet. There aren't many who'd have let you hire werewolves, or keep Hagrid, or decide what to teach your students without reference to the Ministry. But if you're going to work against me—"

"The only one against whom I intend to work," says Dumbledore calmly, "is Lord Voldemort. If you are against him, then we remain, Cornelius, on the same side."

Fudge can think of no answer to this. He rocks backward and forward on his feet for a moment and spins his bowler hat in his hands. Finally, he says, with a hint of a plea in his voice, "He can't be back, Dumbledore, he just can't be...."

And because Severus isn't firmly on Dumbledore's side in this universe, he sits there and does nothing. He says nothing. He certainly does not stand up and try to convince Fudge by showing off a Dark Mark he does not have.

So Fudge whispers, "I have heard enough. I have no more to add. I will be in touch with you tomorrow, Dumbledore, to discuss the running of this school. I must return to the Ministry."

He turns on his heels and leaves the office.

"There is work to be done," Dumbledore says at once. "Molly... am I right in thinking that I can count on you and Arthur?"

"Of course you can," says Mrs. Weasley. She and Dumbledore agree that Arthur Weasley will contact everyone he can in the Ministry, and takes her leave.

Dumbledore sends McGonagall away to find Hagrid and Madam Maxime.

"Where is Karkaroff?" Severus asks when they are alone. "And how on earth did you get him on your side?"

"He has gone to a safe house," Dumbledore explains. "I promised him my protection in exchange for help. I wasn't certain what I would need help with, at the time. When Cedric went missing, and Karkaroff told me he was being summoned, I knew Voldemort had taken my student. I determined that his help tonight would have to be it. He can never return to Voldemort now."

"No more than I can," Severus murmurs in agreement.

And this is the moment Severus has known was coming. Dumbledore fixes Severus with his piercing gaze, and Severus carefully refrains from slamming his Occlumency shields into place. He leaves almost all of his thoughts and feelings open to perusal.

It feels rather like facing Voldemort after Severus switched sides to join Dumbledore in the first war.

"But you will join the Order, Severus? It does not have to be like last time. You do not have to spy for me and avoid being known to my associates. You can join us in the fight, in the open."

"No," says Severus, perfectly calm. "I will not make myself more of a target than necessary. I will stay here and teach—if you will have me, of course. But I will not take a stance and openly declare the Dark Lord my enemy. I am not, and never have been, a hero."

Dumbledore looks bitterly disappointed. "What about your vow to protect Harry? His life is the foremost in danger now."

"I will do everything in my power to protect Harry Potter," Severus agrees, his voice still completely even, his manner utterly calm. "I will not do so by openly declaring sides."

Dumbledore takes several deep breaths, and forces his own expression back to calm. "So," he says eventually. "You will not return to Voldemort to spy on him, and you will not take up arms against him. What will you do, Severus? Hide in your dungeons until the inevitable comes for you?"

Severus stares into Dumbledore's eyes, unashamed and uncowed by the man's judgment. "I can reach out to my old crowd, and hear what there is to hear. I will bring you what information I can. But I will not confront anyone openly."

Dumbledore sighs. "And who in your old crowd would speak to you, Severus?" His anger, his bitter disappointment has gone, and he is simply tired again.

Severus smirks. "Lucius Malfoy will, certainly. Perhaps he would not mean to say anything to me, if I have been declared a traitor by the Dark Lord, but he could never resist me. He will share more than he realizes if I return to his bed."

Dumbledore's gaze takes on a peculiar quality. Severus would have called it revulsion, on a different person. But Dumbledore is too serene to fully succumb to that particular expression.

"I have not asked you to whore yourself out for the cause, Severus." He sounds even more disappointed than when Severus said he would not fight.

Severus's smirk does not falter. "It is no hardship, Headmaster. I will let you know what I find out."

And without waiting for a dismissal, Severus sweeps out of the office with all the dignity he can muster.
Chapter 30: The Aftermath
Chapter Text

Severus returns to the dungeons to find a distraught fourteen-year-old sitting on the floor, slumped against his door.

"Severus!" cries Harry, and he leaps to his feet and flings his arms around Severus. "What happened? I couldn't find you and I was so worried."

"Come inside, child," says Severus in a mildly chiding voice, detaching himself from Harry. The corridor is empty, but Harry did not exactly make sure of that before his outburst. Severus pushes the door open and pushes Harry inside, closing the door behind them.

"Sit," says Severus, directing Harry to the couch. "Sparky, tea," he orders from a house-elf. The house-elf does not appear, but the tea service does.

Severus spoons sugar into a cup and hands it to Harry. "Drink."

Harry obeys, but is still staring at Severus with wide eyes. "Tell me what happened," he says, close to whining.

Severus does. He tells Harry everything he knows. He only leaves out his taunts to Dumbledore regarding his plan to sleep with Lucius Malfoy, which is not a real plan at all and which Harry would not need to know about even if it were.

"Oh," gasps Harry. "Thank god Cedric is alive. I don't think I could bear it if he had died tonight, when You-Know-Who had wanted me instead."

Severus sips at his own tea and says nothing.

"What do we do now?" Harry asks in a plaintive voice.

"We sleep," Severus says gently. "It's very late."

Harry gives Severus an indignant look.

"We do nothing," Severus sighs. "We always knew this day was coming, and—We. Do. Nothing."

"Can I sleep here tonight?"                                  

"And worry your friends so?" Severus chides.

"Fine," says Harry, slumping down on the couch. "But please don't make me walk up to Gryffindor Tower alone."

Severus was not planning on it, and he accompanies the boy up nine flights of stairs, then bids him good night.

Harry still looks anxious, so Severus clasps a hand on the boy's shoulder. "We will get through this," Severus says, his back very straight. "We will."

Harry gives Severus a weak smile, then slips into the Gryffindor common room.

 

At breakfast the next day, Dumbledore says nothing about Voldemort. He merely requests students leave Cedric Diggory alone. Cedric is not present at breakfast. Nor does Dumbledore explain what happened to Moody; he merely announces that Defense Against the Dark Arts is canceled until further notice.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione don't talk about Voldemort either. They go to class, play chess, and discuss their exam results. All three made it into fifth year, and Hermione is top of the year again, of course.

Ron eventually tells Harry about the meeting Mrs. Weasley had with Dumbledore before going home. "She went to ask him if you could come straight to us this summer," he says. "But he wants you to go back to the Dursleys, at least at first."

"Did he say why?" Harry asks. He knows perfectly well why, but he wonders if Dumbledore is willing to tell the Weasleys the truth.

"She said Dumbledore's got his reasons," says Ron, shaking his head darkly. "I suppose we've got to trust him, haven't we?"

"Have we?" Harry raises an eyebrow. "What makes him uniquely qualified to order us all around?"

"It's Albus Dumbledore, mate," says Ron, mirroring the raised eyebrow.

"Besides, he's the only one who can stand up to You-Know-Who," adds Hermione.

"I've heard that one before," snorts Harry. "It worked out so well during the last war. Well, it doesn't matter. I'm sure I'll see you both during the summer at some point."

It isn't until the last night at Hogwarts, during the Leaving Feast itself, that Dumbledore tells the students anything useful or informative.

There are no House colors draping the walls of the Great Hall to indicate a House Cup winner. Harry exchanges intrigued looks with Ron and Hermione as they sit down.

Moody is back at the staff table. He is wearing a patch over one eye, instead of his magical eye. Harry supposes that Barty Crouch made off with the magical eye when he escaped from Hogwarts. Moody looks extremely twitchy, jumping every time someone speaks to him. Harry has explained to his friends that Snape and McGonagall found Moody locked in his own trunk, and the staff concluded that an imposter had taught at Hogwarts for ten months, using Polyjuice. As far as Harry knows, they have no leads on who it really was. (Harry does not tell his friends who it really was.)

Professor Karkaroff's chair is empty; Harry has also shared with his friends that Karkaroff is a former Death Eater, and he helped rescue Cedric in exchange for Dumbledore's protection from Voldemort.

Madame Maxime is still there. She is sitting next to Hagrid. They are talking quietly together. Further along the table, sitting next to Professor McGonagall, is Severus. He makes eye contact with Harry, briefly, then looks away. His expression is difficult to read, and he looks as sour and unpleasant as he ever does in public. Harry cannot tell if he believed his own words when he promised they will get through this, or if he was just placating Harry.

Then Dumbledore stands, and explains that Cedric Diggory was kidnapped by Lord Voldemort. People begin staring at Dumbledore in disbelief, in horror. He stays perfectly calm as he watches them mutter themselves into silence.

"The Ministry of Magic," Dumbledore says, "does not wish me to tell you this." But it is perfectly plain that Dumbledore does not give a fig what the Ministry thinks.

Dumbledore continues serenely. "During his ordeal, Mr. Diggory showed, in every respect, the sort of bravery that few wizards have ever shown in facing Lord Voldemort, and for this, I honor him."

Dumbledore turns to Cedric and raises his goblet. Nearly everyone in the Great Hall follows suit. The benches scrape as the students stand, and raise their goblets, and echo, in one loud, low, rumbling voice, "Cedric Diggory."

Dumbledore continues, talking about cooperation and friendship and trust, and Harry tunes him out. He's blindingly grateful that Cedric is alive, but Dumbledore is just too much.

 

Ron and Hermione want to talk about Voldemort the entire train ride home, but Harry doesn't indulge them. He forces them into games of Exploding Snap and reads the paper, which doesn't hold a hint of what happened the night of the third task.

"You'll practice your Occlumency this summer, right Harry?" Hermione asks anxiously as they pull into King's Cross. Harry brought Ron up to speed on his visions and Snape and Occlumency lessons, but Ron is more doubtful about the prospect of extra lessons with Snape than Hermione is. Ron snorts and says nothing when Hermione asks this question.

"Yeah," mumbles Harry. He's still embarrassed about the fact that he's had lessons from the best Occlumens on the planet, on and off for a year, and still can't clear his mind reliably before bed every night. "I will."

If there's one thing he does not want, it's Voldemort in his head.

Mrs. Weasley is waiting for them beyond the barrier. She hugs Harry very tightly when she spots him. "I think Dumbledore will let you come to us later in the summer. Keep in touch, Harry."

Harry nods, and Mrs. Weasley draws back, looking at the Muggles milling around in the station. "Where are your relatives?"

Harry snorts in laughter. "They couldn't possibly be bothered to come fetch me here every year," says Harry, still laughing a little. "I take another train out to Surrey."

Mrs. Weasley's eyes widen in horror. "Oh, Harry. You can't—I know you are very grown up, but it is not safe for you to navigate to your relatives' house alone!"

Harry snorts again. "And it would be perfectly safe sitting in the back seat of their car instead?"

"It's out of the question," insists Mrs. Weasley, ignoring him. "You'll come with us and we'll get you a proper escort to your aunt and uncle's place."

Harry stares at her, his mind racing. It's not that he minds staying at the Weasleys', but he was looking forward to spending some time with Severus. Especially this summer—Severus is the only person Harry shares this strange land of neutrality with.

Then Harry has a sudden flash of inspiration. "Oh! I forgot. It's good you reminded me. Dumbledore did say he'd send someone."

And Harry leads her over to the café where he always meets up with Severus at the end of the term.

"Oh," says Mrs. Weasley, deflating. "Professor Snape. I thought you... declined to join the Order."

Severus, perfectly composed as ever, folds up the newspaper he's been reading, sets it down on his table, and surveys Mrs. Weasley with his inscrutable gaze. "Indeed," he says in an utterly noncommittal voice. "Ready to go, Potter?"

"Yes, sir," says Harry. "Thank you for making sure I get to my relatives safely."

"I've wasted too much time on this already," sneers Severus. "Come."

Harry gives Mrs. Weasley a wide smile as he disappears out into the Muggle street with Severus.

"That was a close call," says Harry as they get on the bus together. He tells Severus what happened.

"Unsurprising," says Severus. "We can expect close scrutiny on you after the Dark Lord's return."

That makes Harry nervous. "I don't... I don't actually have to go back to Privet Drive, do I?"

And even though Aunt Petunia came to his rescue in October, he cannot imagine being back under her roof. He thinks he'd rather kiss the hem of Voldemort's robes.

"No," says Severus. "But I imagine Dumbledore has spies who will check on you. We should be prepared to be caught out this summer."

"Really? If he has spies, isn't it strange that they haven't noticed I'm missing for all these years?"

Severus shrugs. "Well, he hasn't done anything about it then."

"Maybe he just thinks the Dursleys got worse and refuse to ever let me out of the house," Harry speculates.

"Perhaps," says Severus distantly.

But Harry can't help thinking that this is the summer their carefully constructed life comes crashing down around them.

For the time being, everything goes exactly like previous visits to Privet Drive. Petunia signs another form with permission for Harry to stay with Severus or the Weasleys. She doesn't say anything or ask any questions, refuses to make eye contact with Harry, and hurries them off.

The Portkey deposits Harry in the middle of the sitting room at Spinner's End and Dobby rushes in to hug his legs and he feels like he can relax for the first time in a year.
Chapter 31: Talents and Loyalties
Notes:

    Well! It's finally here. This chapter has very explicit smut.

    Click on end notes if you want to see the spoiler-y chapter warnings before reading.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

They're only back a day—a day of Dobby pressing Harry's favorite foods onto him without ceasing—when a letter arrives for Severus from Lucius Malfoy.

It instructs him—phrased so arrogantly, as an order—to visit Malfoy Manor. The Floo is open from their end, Severus only needs to open his—just like back in the good old days.

Severus sighs. "I suppose I'm going to go visit Lucius Malfoy," he tells Harry, with a long-suffering air. "I can't imagine what he wants, but I doubt I'll like it very much."

"Don't go," Harry advises him, talking around a mouthful of eggs.

"Don't speak with your mouth full," Severus responds. He goes upstairs to change into a nicer pair of robes—he has no particular desire to impress Lucius, but apparently old habits die hard—and returns to the kitchen to use the Floo.

"I'm satisfied there's not really a threat to your life this summer," Severus tells Harry before he leaves. "Or mine. But, no one can come through this Floo who isn't me. And if I don't come back within twenty-four hours, take Dobby and flee to Grimmauld Place. Send Dobby to McGonagall to let her know where you are and that I'm missing. All right?"

"All right," Harry agrees. He tries his best to sound unworried.

Severus steps through the Floo and emerges into the sitting room of Malfoy Manor.

Lucius is not there.

Instead, enthroned in the large armchair in the corner, from whence he can survey the room, is Lord Voldemort.

He is tall, dominating the chair and the room even while seated. His features are snake-like and his eyes are blazing red. He is fully, completely himself and he is radiating magical power.

Severus has to consciously stop himself from dropping to his knees.

"My Lord," he says in a strangled voice. He settles for giving Voldemort a deep bow. "You've done it—ah—welcome back."

"You are very prompt, Severus," says Voldemort in his high, cold voice. "I do appreciate that."

Severus straightens up and looks directly into the red eyes. His heart is racing.

"I want that diary Lucius Malfoy was so careless with a few years ago. Bring it to me," instructs Voldemort.

"Yes, my Lord," says Severus with another, shallower bow. He turns on his heel and spins back to the fireplace. He throws Floo powder on it and emerges into Spinner's End. Harry is, thankfully, not in the kitchen any longer. Severus steps back into the fireplace to travel to his rooms at Hogwarts.

He retrieves Voldemort's diary from the secret compartment in the wall in his bedroom, tucks it into his robes, and Floo's back to Malfoy Manor via Spinner's End.

Voldemort looks pleased at his speedy return. "Well done, Severus. You have succeeded in a very important task. Unlike Lucius... I would have had his hide if the diary had been destroyed due to his actions. I might still have it, for his carelessness."

Severus takes the diary out from under his robes, then hesitates. "Ah, just to—not that I doubt it, but—to confirm I'm giving this to the right person."

Voldemort looks taken aback for a second, but then he inclines his head minutely. "I suppose it is not outside the realm of possibility that someone could obtain a hair or a bit of my toenail," he says, sounding mildly amused at the idea.

"What was the first question I ever asked you?"

Voldemort's lips quirk up into the hint of a smile. "You were confirming that you understood me correctly to say that I knew your mother. It was a foolish, unnecessary question given that I had already made clear I did know her, but in your defense, you were only sixteen."

Severus dips his head in acknowledgement, then strides forward and hands Voldemort the diary.

Voldemort takes it, and it disappears under his robes.

"Sit," he orders.

It doesn't cross Severus's mind to disobey. He sits down on the small sofa adjacent to Voldemort's armchair.

"Do you know what the diary is?" Voldemort asks. His tone and his manner are mild, but Severus's spine stiffens at the question. He cannot look Voldemort in the eye, and fixes his gaze on Voldemort's chest instead. He has to swallow before he can answer.

"I... theorized," answers Severus, his voice faint.

"Of course you did," Voldemort replies, the amusement popping up again. "You always were a clever man. What is your theory?"

"It is a phenomenon I have never witnessed before. A recording, a memory, a charmed object—that sort of thing does not possess someone and take her life for itself. It does not think and act on its own. In particular, it does not bestow the talent of Parseltongue on those it interacts with."

Voldemort raises an eyebrow. It is an eerie, uncanny gesture on someone who does not have any hair on his brow.

"Something lived in the diary," says Severus, almost in a whisper. "Still lives, I suppose. A... fragment of a soul." Severus bites his lip. He doesn't want to say the word, but there's no sense trying to dissimulate. Voldemort already knows that he knows. "A Horcrux."

Voldemort's chest rises and falls as he takes several deep breaths. Severus is frozen, glued to his seat.

"Who have you told?" Voldemort finally asks.

Severus looks up and meets the Dark Lord's eyes. He drops his Occlumency completely. His life could depend on ensuring that Voldemort believes his next words. "I have shared that particular word with no one," he says, his voice still low. "I told Miss Weasley that a dark artefact was possessing her, and I had to destroy it to free her. So it could not be studied to determine how it had worked. She told me, in turn, that it was a diary from which a boy named Tom was corresponding with her. She concluded that she was losing snatches of time during which Tom was having her do things she would not normally wish to do. And we held this conversation in front of Dumbledore. Later, he asked me how I destroyed it. I told him I used fiendfyre. Miss Weasley was not aware enough during the extraction process to have contradicted me on that."

Voldemort nods. "I could not have come up with a better way to handle the situation myself," he says admiringly. "Although I fear Dumbledore will have reached the same conclusion you did with respect to the artefact in question."

"It's likely," Severus agrees cautiously. "Though he thinks it destroyed, which can only be beneficial."

"Will you consent to a geis of silence on the topic?" Voldemort asks.

"Yes, of course, my Lord," Severus murmurs. The last thing he wants is to be a possessor of the Dark Lord's most precious secret, but if he is, he will make himself as harmless as possible on the matter.

"Approach," Voldemort orders, and Severus stands, crosses the distance between them, and then kneels at Voldemort's feet. Severus presents his right palm, holding it out straight and flat. Voldemort taps his wand on Severus's palm.

"From this day forward, you will not speak of or convey any information regarding my diary, its existence, or its characteristics," Voldemort intones.

Severus shivers as his palm lights up with a white light, which seems to absorb into his skin and gradually fades. Feeling slightly dizzy, he sinks down onto his heels, his legs folded underneath him. He clasps his hands together and places them in his lap. His palm is tingling.

He does not want to think about what the consequences might be for violating a geis from the Dark Lord.

When he looks back up, Voldemort has a strange look on his face. If Severus did not know better, he would call it... fond.

"I will earn your talents and your loyalties again, Severus Snape," Voldemort says in a voice that is almost gentle. "You never should have thought it necessary to leave my side."

"I—" croaks Severus, then he clears his throat, feeling embarrassed. "How? I have never known you to trust again, where it has been lost. I can never be what I was to you."

"I'm not sure," says Voldemort, sounding thoughtful. "I expect we will figure it out, between the two of us."

Severus stares up at Voldemort, craning his neck. This is not at all how he thought his first meeting with the resurrected Dark Lord would go.

"Why did you refuse to kneel, when I was at Hogwarts seeking the Stone?" Voldemort's red eyes drill into Severus's. "You are pleased to kneel to me now."

"You know why," replies Severus, irritation flaring. "I was the only thing standing in between you and Harry Potter."

Voldemort's lips twitch.

"Ah," he says. "No, I did not know that. Fascinating." He pauses, then adds, "I had no notion of killing the boy. My focus was the Stone."

This does nothing to lessen Severus's irritation. "Oh, and trying to jinx the boy off his broom during Quidditch was all Quirrell's idea?" he shoots off sarcastically, raising his chin fractionally.

Voldemort chuckles. It is a strange sound, almost genuine, not at all like his normal cruel, high, mocking laughter. "I may have found it amusing to have the boy under my nose without anyone the wiser. But killing him the night you found me was not the plan. Not unless he got in my way. I probably would have extended him an offer to join me, if we had come face to face."

Severus's breath comes shallowly. "I see," he manages, trying to rearrange his mental landscape around these shifting scenarios. "Unfortunately, I do not think he would have taken you up on that offer. He was a child. He needed to mature, he needed time to think about the world, and the consequences of one's actions, and his values."

Voldemort is fully smiling, now. "I think I would like to meet him. Really meet him, not just talk through Quirrell or a portrait."

Severus gives a very slight shake of his head. "He should not meet peaceably and openly with you while he is at Dumbledore's school. And—well, I still do not know if he would say yes to you."

"And Dumbledore... has he recruited you for this go-round of his Order of the Phoenix?" Voldemort asks. His tone is light, and does not sound dangerous, but Severus's stomach clenches anyway.

"He tried," Severus says shortly, meeting Voldemort's eyes directly again. "I declined. I refuse to spend the next few years passing information about you to him, or him to you."

For the most part, Voldemort's Legilimency is nearly undetectable. He is so skillful at it, the victim usually does not even know he is a victim. Even Severus, as well trained in the mind arts as he is, cannot always tell when or what the Dark Lord is extracting from him.

Voldemort is not so subtle this time. He stares at Severus and the conversation with Dumbledore on the night of the third task flashes through Severus's head. As if he is reliving it in real time, Severus feels again Dumbledore's bitter disappointment, his judgment of Severus's perceived cowardice, his exhaustion and weariness, and his revulsion at the only offer of help Severus makes.

Voldemort throws back his head and laughs. "You have always known exactly how to play that old fool, Severus. So tell me, have you come to Malfoy Manor to follow through on your plan to seduce Lucius?"

"Of course not," says Severus, but he is not offended by the laughter. He finds the situation rather amusing himself. "But I will allow Dumbledore to continue thinking so, to keep him off my back."

Voldemort looks back down at Severus, a thoughtful smile playing on his lips. "You do not actually wish to sleep with Lucius? I thought you two had some real affection for each other."

Severus sighs, and slightly shifts the weight on his legs. "I haven't slept with anyone since Evan Rosier died."

Voldemort creases his brow. "You haven't had sex in fifteen years?" he asks bluntly.

"Correct," Severus says. It took him years after Evan died to come around to the idea of being with someone else again. But by that time, Severus had found himself very alone in life.

"That's even longer than I've gone," Voldemort marvels. "Why would you do that to yourself?"

Severus sighs. "Your war killed the only two people I've ever been in love with," he says simply. Evan Rosier and Lily Evans.

Severus can't look Voldemort in the eyes for this discussion that skirts too close to Severus's reasons for his treason against the Dark Lord.

"Who do you think about when you touch yourself?" Voldemort doesn't sound interested in Severus's traitorous days, thankfully.

"Evan," Severus admits. For some reason, thinking about the times he was with Evan feels less dishonorable to his friend's memory than those with Lily.

"And since he died, you've met no one else that interested you?" Voldemort's tone is laced with disbelief.

Severus shrugs. "I've mostly been around underaged and overly hormonal teenagers," he says with a small huff of self-deprecation. "I've had to deal with girls trying to take off their robes in my office because they think it'll get them a better grade and starry-eyed boys who think I need to be 'saved' from my tragic past." Severus shakes his head. "Living and teaching at a boarding school is not very conducive to developing romantic relationships with adults."

"Oh, Severus," murmurs Voldemort, and he leans over and runs a long, cold finger down Severus's cheek. "Do you want to fix that?"

Severus's mouth suddenly goes dry. Did the Dark Lord just imply he was interested in Severus?

It was wild, not something that Severus had ever dreamed plausible, but he feels an unexpected, and unexpectedly intense, rush of desire.

There is nothing physically attractive about the Dark Lord. It is as though he deliberately crafted his features to be frightening, and unnatural. But Severus was never drawn to the Dark Lord for his appearance. When he was sixteen, Severus was seduced by the Dark Lord's knowledge, his power, the attention and praise he bestowed on Severus at a time in his life when he had very little of it.

And apparently nothing has changed since then. The Dark Lord radiates power, and Severus—regardless of everything else that has happened—still craves it.

Severus shifts his weight slightly again. He has grown hard, there is no denying it.

Voldemort's eyes seem to glow redder. Voldemort's finger trails down Severus's cheekbone, underneath his ear, the side of his throat, and over the robes on his shoulder.

Severus swallows. Voldemort gives Severus a thin, predatory grin. He places his palms on Severus's shoulders and pushes. Severus falls backwards onto the floor, legs splaying beneath him. Voldemort presses his advantage, leaving the chair to climb on top of Severus on the ground. He doesn't waste any time—he grabs the hem of Severus's robes and pushes them up, over his torso, and pulls Severus's arms over his head. Voldemort tugs the robes over Severus's head until they are tangled in his arms, and leaves them like that. He pulls down Severus's underpants until they are at his ankles.

"Gorgeous," Voldemort murmurs, and Severus's heart skips a few beats.

Voldemort runs his fingernails over the skin of Severus's cock, and he almost yelps out loud. He is so hard now, and he desperately wants to wriggle around and thrust himself into Voldemort's hand and beg for release, but he doesn't quite dare. Severus tries to move his arms down so that he can touch himself, but they are somehow firmly fixed in place in between the tangled folds of his robes.

Voldemort laughs—a low, hearty, almost friendly laugh. "What do you want, Severus? If it's really been fifteen years, you might not be ready to—"

Severus makes an impatient, strangled noise in his throat; Voldemort hasn't touched him again and he needs it. "I know what I want," he says, his voice somehow high and breathy. "Want you, in me," he pants.

Voldemort flashes his teeth in that predatory smile again. "Let's just start with this," he murmurs, and although he doesn't hear any spells, Severus feels a slickness in his hole immediately before Voldemort slips a finger inside him.

Severus groans as Voldemort feels around, rather gently. "More," he moans, and then adds, "please, Master"—it wouldn't do to forget who he is dealing with—but Voldemort is not upset at the tone. He wriggles his finger and moves it in and out, slowly, carefully, and at the same time wraps his other hand around Severus's cock.

Severus moans louder, pulling against the bonds that hold his arms pinned over his head. "More," he pants, "please, more—you don't need to go slow—"

But Voldemort keeps to his maddeningly slow rhythm, matching the movements of his finger inside Severus with the ones of his hand wrapped around Severus's cock—sometimes running his thumb over the end of it, sometimes reaching down to cradle Severus's balls in his palm, his red eyes shining. "It's trivial to make you wild for me," he murmurs in a low, soft voice that Severus would never have guessed he possesses. "I love to hear you beg—go on...."

Severus gives a soft cry as Voldemort's grip on his cock suddenly squeezes tight, almost to the point of pain. "Master, please, I want you in me, your cock, please—"

When Voldemort decides to move, he moves swiftly. He parts his robes in the front, pulls down his pants, and angles one of his arms underneath Severus's legs and thrusts them over his right shoulder. He pulls the finger out of Severus and positions himself against the hole. Severus can feel the tip of Voldemort's cock, pressed against skin but pausing there—

"Move," moans Severus. His heart is beating out of control. "Please, fill me, make me yours, I want you, Master, please—"

Voldemort wraps his left arm around Severus's thighs and pushes inside him. Voldemort is rock hard, and very large. Severus's next breath comes out as a sharp gasp. Voldemort keeps pushing until his balls are resting against Severus's skin.

Severus moans something incoherent and barely English.

"So beautiful," Voldemort murmurs, again in that low, soft voice. "So eager for me."

"Yes," gasps Severus, "I want it—move—"

Voldemort chuckles again. "I should leave you like this, bound and naked and hard and dripping and let Lucius decide whether you are getting off today."

Severus lets a small whine escape him, even though he doesn't take the threat seriously. Voldemort hasn't finished, and he certainly won't be done with Severus until that happens.

Voldemort braces himself against Severus's thigh again and starts moving. "I don't ever want you thinking about anyone else during sex again," he says in a serious of grunted syllables that match his thrusts. "You're mine, Severus Snape, mine—"

He thrusts as he says it, and brushes against Severus's prostate, and Severus sees stars as he feels Voldemort climax and come inside Severus. Voldemort's hand leaves Severus's thigh and gives a few thrusts to Severus's stiff cock. It doesn't need much encouragement, and in what seems like a second or two, Severus is arching his back and spurting all over himself, screaming, "Master!"

Voldemort gently pulls out of Severus. He is smiling widely, and hardly seems out of breath.

Breathing hard, heart pounding, head spinning, fists clenched among the folds of his robes, Severus just stares at Voldemort.
Notes:

    The story abruptly earns its Explicit rating with some Severus and snake-faced Voldemort smut involving unnegotiated but consensual kinks (light d/s dynamics and bondage).

Chapter 32: Rebuilding Trust
Chapter Text

Voldemort doesn't say anything. He takes out his wand, cleans them both off, then arranges his own robes back into place. When Severus tugs on his arms again, they pull free of his robes, and Severus looks around for his wand.

He doesn't see it anywhere. With a slight smile, Voldemort holds out a hand and offers Severus his own wand.

Severus takes the wand. He can't believe he didn't notice Voldemort stealing it from him. That sneaky bastard.

Voldemort laughs.

"I believe Lucius wants to talk to you. Shall I let him know you are free now?"

Severus doesn't particularly look forward to the prospect of talking to Lucius, but he supposes he cannot really avoid it. He gives Voldemort a reluctant nod, carefully tugging his robes back into place.

Without another word, or any acknowledgement that they just had spectacular sex, Voldemort stands and leaves the room.

Soon after, Lucius enters.

Lucius strides over to stand over Severus. The man is impeccable. Not a strand of his silky blond hair is out of place. His robes are elegant and luxurious; his shoes perfectly polished. His face is smooth and unlined and he looks about five years younger than he actually is.

Lucius's lip curls.

Severus probably looks a bit of a mess. He imagines it is incredibly obvious he just had sex with Voldemort.

"You've got to be kidding me," says Lucius in his slow, cold drawl. "Fourteen years, and this is what you amount to."

"Was I supposed to say 'no' to him?" Severus snaps, getting to his feet. That's a far easier line than contemplating—much less talking about—the unexpected tenderness and affection he felt when Voldemort expressed interest in Severus.

"Like you've said to me for so long?" Lucius asks.

Lucius wanted Severus for a long time, even after the war ended, but Severus never had any interest after his relationship with Evan. Severus can see that Lucius is actually hurt by this.

Damn it.

"What did he want? Besides sex," Lucius adds, his lip curling again.

"He wanted the—" And Severus chokes, and cannot continue. He can't breathe, panicking for a second. Then he shuts his eyes and, very deliberately, changes his mind about what he was going to say.

When Severus can breathe again, he opens his eyes to see Lucius looking stormy.

"He wanted the diary," Lucius finishes for him. "Although you said you wouldn't tell," he hisses. It is clear he has brought up the subject for the purpose of yelling at Severus. His hands fly up and grab the front of Severus's robes as though to physically threaten him.

Severus doesn't react, other than raising one sardonic eyebrow. "He dictated that letter to you, Lucius. He already knew."

Lucius's face grows even paler, which is quite an accomplishment. "He's—you've known he's been alive for three years?"

"Four," Severus corrects absently. "Who do you think brought him back? Wormtail?" Severus adds mockingly.

Lucius flushes, his face transitioning rapidly from white to red. He lets go of Severus's robes, seeming embarrassed. "I can't believe—I can't believe you didn't tell me," he says faintly. "I thought—we were pretending not to be friends, not that it was actually so."

"Oh, Merlin," mutters Severus, taking a step away from Lucius and rubbing his forehead. He knows now that he has definitely hurt the other man's feelings. "We're still pretending, Lucius!" he says, fighting the urge to fling his hands into the air in despair. "I'm staying at Hogwarts and keeping up my façade of loyalty to Dumbledore, don't you understand?"

Lucius is quiet. He surveys Severus for a few moments, his face hard. "After all I've done for you," he says wonderingly. "All we've been through together. Am I nothing to you?"

Severus grits his teeth. He hates the 'all I've done for you' line from Lucius Malfoy. Yes, thank you, Lucius, for recruiting me into a vicious, tangled mess of a cult.

"I have done what I could for you too," Severus says, his voice perfectly controlled. "I supported your ridiculous Imperius story. I've taken care of your son at Hogwarts, given him everything I can. I've stood up for you when Dumbledore slanders you—"

"And lied to me for years," Lucius interrupts coldly. "Why do you think I'd care about any of the rest of it when you've clearly decided not to trust me?"

Severus is breathing heavily, too heavily. This conversation is affecting him too much, and he is going to say something stupid. "You're just hurt that I slept with someone else—"

"Don't," says Lucius sharply, raising his hand and slashing it down sharply through the air. "Don't make this about sex, Severus."

"Fine," says Severus, suddenly exhausted. He drops into Voldemort's armchair limply. "Fine. Fine. It's about secrets and lies? Get me a drink. I'll tell you everything. It's been a really long four years."

Lucius raises an eyebrow. It is, after all, just past eleven a.m. But he does not say anything as he crosses the room, opens a cupboard, and takes out two glasses and a decanter full of amber liquid. He pours the whiskey into the glasses, and returns to hand one to Severus. Lucius sits down on the small sofa with his own glass.

Severus takes the whisky, and knocks back the entire thing.

Lucius smirks, and refills it.

Severus sips at this one.

"I've adopted Harry Potter," he says.

Lucius spits out the mouthful of whiskey he'd just drank.

Severus had timed that quite deliberately.

"Not officially, of course. The Ministry doesn't know. Dumbledore doesn't know. Just me, Harry's aunt, the Dark Lord, McGonagall—and now you, of course."

"Excuse me?" says Lucius, in between coughing up the whiskey that had gone down his airpipe.

"You heard me correctly," says Severus coolly. He sips at his whiskey again. "I went to deliver the boy's Hogwarts letter when he was ten years old. I found a magical child that had been abused by Muggles for nine years. I... took him."

"You took Harry Potter away from his family when he was ten years old," repeats Lucius disbelievingly, still coughing a little.

"Correct," says Severus. "He hated the Muggles so much he would have gone with anyone," Severus explains. "But I found him, and I've had him every summer since."

Lucius apparently can find nothing to say to this. He stares at Severus, eyes wide.

"Dumbledore, I'm sure, has been counting on Harry to be his," says Severus lazily, with another sip. "Dumbledore set up a trap for the Dark Lord Harry's first year of school—using both the Philosopher's Stone and Harry as bait, you see—and the Dark Lord, unfortunately, fell for it. Neither of us have any idea how Dumbledore managed it, but the Dark Lord woke and he was trapped in the portraits of Hogwarts."

Lucius starts to look like he does not believe this story.

"Meanwhile, I had defied the Dark Lord because I believed he was trying to kill Harry and I wanted to protect the boy," Severus says casually, as though Death Eaters who defy the Dark Lord and live to tell the tale are an everyday matter. "But while the Dark Lord was trapped in a portrait, we made a deal. I would free him, and he wouldn't harm me or Harry."

He sips at the whiskey again, wondering if he's overestimated how much truth-telling Lucius can take. Lucius is completely still.

"It took me a while," Severus admits. "I had to travel far afield to learn enough about magical portraiture to do it. And I was under Dumbledore's close eye the whole time. I had to be cautious. But we accomplished it last year—Wormtail actually did help me, although I certainly could have done it without him. And now—well, frankly, I haven't a clue what the Dark Lord wants from me now. He released me from his service, but he told me today he wants me back even though he can't trust me. "

Severus shrugs, as though it is a matter of little importance. 

They sit in silence for a full minute.

"You're having me on," Lucius says finally.

Severus smirks again. "I'm not. Ask the Dark Lord, if you like."

Both men know Lucius will do no such thing.

"You can't... Harry Potter," says Lucius, his voice still weak.

"And now that I've entrusted you with my secrets, you can return my trust," says Severus, his voice sharp. He leans forward in the chair. "Harry living with me depends on it staying secret. Dumbledore would take him away from me. The Ministry would take him. You must promise to keep quiet about it, and to support me in a custody battle if anyone does find out."

"I can't—Severus, I.... What does the Dark Lord say about all this?"

"He's interested in recruiting Harry to his side, of course," says Severus, frowning a little. "We haven't ever discussed the legal implications of Harry living with me."

"But—I thought—but what about that damned prophecy, Severus?" Lucius is sitting up very straight. He sounds indignant.

"What about it?" Severus asks, keeping his tone careless. "The Dark Lord will not harm Harry as long as Harry does not try to 'vanquish' him. If they both stick to their end of the deal, the prophecy is meaningless."

Lucius stares at Severus again for a while, then pours himself another drink and tips his head back to drown it in one go.

Severus laughs at him, but takes care to make it a kind laugh. "I told you. It has been a long four years."

Lucius sighs. "Will you stay for lunch?"

"No, no," says Severus, standing up. "I have a kid to get back to. Thank you for the whiskey."

"Don't be a stranger," Lucius replies with another sigh. He doesn't move as Severus goes to the fireplace and throws powder on the flames.

 

Severus returns home, stalks into the sitting room, and throws himself onto the couch in a fit of drama befitting Draco Malfoy. He stares at the ceiling for a second, then closes his eyes.

Harry is lying on the floor, reading—for some reason, he always reads on the floor—and looks up at Severus in astonishment.

"Are you all right?" he asks.

Severus forces a laugh. "I'm not hurt," he assures Harry, throwing an arm over his eyes. "I just—I don't know what I feel."

"What happened?" Harry sits up straight and regards Severus with concern.

"Oh, Diggory and Dumbledore's story is quite accurate," Severus says with another half-laugh. "The Dark Lord has his body back. Just like he looked in 1981, only... well. He's lost all his hair. All of it," Severus emphasizes, and fights the urge to giggle at how good a look he got at certain areas of the Dark Lord's body where one ought to have hair.

"What did he want with you?"

"He just wanted something back," says Severus, finding his manners from somewhere and sitting up so that he can look at Harry while they are speaking to each other. "That...." Severus trails off.

"Ah, he placed a spell on me and I can't talk about it," Severus explains. "Not to worry. It will not harm me as long as I comply. Which I fully plan to."

Severus sighs, and surveys the room. "And, he wanted to talk about you, and he clearly wants our loyalty. Both of us. And Lucius Malfoy knows all about us now. I still believe they won't harm us, but there are ways of pressuring us that might not necessarily constitute harm. We can't stay here anymore, Harry. They know where I live. What do you think about moving into Grimmauld Place for the summer? No one knows about it and it's got as many protective enchantments as I've ever seen on a place."

Harry frowns. "No one knows about it?!" he repeats in a scathing tone. "Mrs. Malfoy and Draco have visited us there!"

"Ah, right," says Severus, frowning. His mind is in bad shape today. "Perhaps we should resort to the Fidelius Charm...."

"The one that was my parents' downfall?" Harry drawls sarcastically. "Sounds ideal."

"We can think about it," Severus amends. "For now, I'd really like to flee this place."

Harry glances around. "But it's... home."

"All the more reason to leave, so no one has the incentive to destroy it," says Severus restlessly. It had never felt like home to him, and it unsettled him to hear Harry say that. "I suppose we could also go beg my relatives for shelter. They were neutral in the war."

Harry stares at Severus, eyes wide. "Your relatives?"

"You think I sprung from the ground, fully grown and gripping my wand?" Severus asks, amused. "Of course I have relatives. But I haven't spoken to them in my entire life. It would be awkward."

"Er, so asking them for help doesn't seem like the best plan," Harry summarizes.

"Indeed. Dobby!"

Dobby appears with a pop.

"Is Grimmauld Place habitable?"

"Oh, yes, sir, Dobby has done just as Harry Potter says. The rooms are clean and all the portraits and everything with Dark Magic has been moved to the attic. The linens are fresh and all is ready for masters whenever they want!"

"Good," says Severus, and tells Dobby to pack up the bedrooms upstairs. They are moving.
Chapter 33: Occlumency Progress
Chapter Text

Living full-time in Grimmauld Place proves to be interesting. Last summer, they did not entirely finish clearing out the nasty traps and cursed objects left by the former owners. While Severus and Harry were at Hogwarts, Dobby kept up with the routine cleaning and maintenance—a lot more effectively than Kreacher had done—but he hasn't managed quite as well as he promised with the Dark Magic purge.

The drawing room on the first floor holds a few cabinets and cupboards that Dobby was not able to unlock, and there is an entire room on the ground floor, behind the dining room, that the elf was unable to open.

It takes them almost a full week, but Harry's interest in the project doesn't wane. He's still helping Severus when Severus successfully breaks through the locked room on the ground floor. Severus steps into the room, his wand raised with the tip lit.

"Ah, it's just a study, or a library," says Severus, looking around. "I don't detect any enchantments, but be careful anyway."

Severus's assessment is correct. There must be thousands of books inside, but Harry doesn't touch them—he's long ago learned his lesson about unknown things in the magical world. There is a desk underneath the far window, which looks into the overgrown back garden.

The desk is covered with papers, and Harry steps forward to examine them. There is a Daily Prophet on top, with a date from 1979.

"Wow, it's been a while since anyone was in here," Harry says.

Severus goes to look. "I would guess this was Sirius Black's father's study. Sirius and Regulus were children when they lived here. Their father's name was Orion, and he died at the end of 1979."

Harry and Severus spend a few hours inside the room, rifling through the old documents and examining the books. They don't find any Dark artefacts—apparently that collection was mostly confined to the drawing room—and it is a pleasant way to pass the afternoon and evening.

The next day, however, Harry is bored with the house.

"I want to go flying," he complains after lunch.

"Hmm," says Severus, looking up from his book. He has started making his way through Orion's collection. "This isn't a good place for it, is it? Maybe we can—ah, I know. Send Professor McGonagall an owl and ask if you can visit her some afternoon. She's a safe person to interact with this summer, and she has a cottage at the outskirts of Hogsmeade. It's perfect for flying."

Harry lights up, and immediately goes to write her a letter.

Harry and Severus settle into a routine over the next few weeks. The house mostly clean, they tackle the back garden next, with the short-term goal of making it presentable and the long-term goal of making it productive. Severus becomes fascinated by the Black library collection, and neglects his usual attention to potion research projects and publications.

McGonagall welcomes Harry over almost every afternoon to fly around the hills outside Hogsmeade. Harry does his homework, plays chess with Severus, chats with Dobby, and misses the telephone line at Spinner's End.

"Ron and Hermione are being so bloody weird," Harry says the morning of his birthday as he opens the presents from his friends. He pauses, but Severus doesn't scold him for the language. "All summer, their letters have been so cryptic. 'We can't tell you anything, in case our letters get intercepted'; 'We're very busy and we can't say with what'; 'We'll tell you everything when we see you'—and Hermione's card today says 'I expect we'll be seeing you quite soon.' What does that mean? If they want to see me, shouldn't they suggest actual plans?"

Harry holds out the card to show Severus. Severus takes it, glances it over, then shrugs.

"I suppose Dumbledore has involved them in his Order of the Phoenix," Severus guesses.

"What is that?"

Severus explains about Dumbledore's secret society for fighting the Dark Lord outside of the Ministry's purview.

"Who all is in this Order, then?"

"I only know who was in it last time," says Severus. "I didn't know much during the war, but I've learned about it since. There was Moody, the real one of course. The Longbottoms—Neville's parents. Dedalus Diggle. Elphias Doge. Emmeline Vance. Mundungus Fletcher. Sturgis Podmore. Arabella Figg. Your parents, along with Black, Lupin, and Pettigrew. A lot of people who died—Benjy Fenwick, Caradoc Dearborn, Dorcas Meadows, the McKinnons, Jackson Gilmore and his family, Edgar Bones and his family, Fabian and Gideon Prewett. That's probably not even a comprehensive list."

Harry frowns, thinking hard. "Arabella Figg... that sounds so familiar...."

Severus patiently waits for Harry to finish his thought.

"Is she, er, rather old, with grey, sort of messy hair, kind of batty? Has lots of cats?"

Severus shrugs. "I never met her."

Harry sighs. "There's a... possibility that she's Dumbledore's spy on Privet Drive. This lady named Mrs. Figg was my babysitter a bunch when I was growing up. But her house never had anything magical to it."

"Arabella Figg is a Squib," Severus tells him.

"I bet that's it, then. How come you never met her?"

"My role as a spy was kept secret from almost everyone, so I wasn't a true member of the Order during the last war. Dumbledore asked me to officially join this time. I turned him down."

"Well, if that's what's going on, I don't want to know what Hermione and Ron are up to," Harry decides, a bit darkly. "I bet if you knew anything about Dumbledore's secret society business, You-Know-Who would expect you to tell him, wouldn't he?"

Severus takes a deep breath. "I have, in no uncertain terms, told both him and Dumbledore that I will not spy on either one of them for the other. But—yes—you're right, it's more... prudent to not know anything in the first place."

"I bet he'd come up with a way to say we were trying to 'vanquish' him if we helped the Order," Harry says as he balances Hermione's card on top of a wardrobe to display it.

"He wouldn't be so wrong if he did," Severus murmurs. "But it doesn't mean you have to give up your friends. Write them back and say you'd be happy to see them when they can find the time. If they press you, simply state that you're not interested in the Order until you're of age."

Harry snorts indelicately. "I'll never be interested in the Order."

Severus's lips quirk, but he doesn't respond.

"Oh," says Harry, suddenly remembering. "I promised Hermione I'd work on my Occlumency this summer. Are you still willing to help?"

"Of course," Severus says, putting his book down. "Have you been clearing your mind every night?"

"I have been trying, I really have, but it hasn't done much. It doesn't keep away nightmares about Cedric Diggory dying in my place or these strange dreams about long dark corridors, all finishing in dead ends and locked doors."

Severus taps his lips thoughtfully. "Occlumency does help with nightmares, eventually. You have to be patient and keep working at it. I know that isn't your favorite thing to hear."

Harry grimaces. "All right. Professor McGonagall invited me over to fly again today. Practice Occlumency after I get back?"

"You want to practice on your birthday?" Severus asks, surprised.

Harry gives Severus a weak smile. "Sure. Happy birthday to me."

Flying at McGonagall's is relaxing and puts Harry at ease, as always. McGonagall has found out it's his birthday and has a cake for him. Harry is touched, and spends some time eating cake and talking with her. She's worried about Voldemort, very worried, and determined to do everything she can to help Dumbledore. Harry tries to remain noncommittal, although he can't help his own twinge of worry. They talk a little about the past war, and then Harry Floo's back to Grimmauld Place.

After dinner, Harry and Severus sit in the drawing room to practice Occlumency.

Severus lets Harry sit undisturbed for a while, clearing his mind, before he attacks.

"Legilimens!"

A hundred Dementors are on the Quidditch pitch, and Harry is slipping off his broom. He's going to fall... a woman is screaming... someone needs to help her... she's going to die... yet he can also see Severus standing in front of him, and somehow, Severus is growing clearer, and the Dementors are growing fainter....

Harry raises his own wand.

"Protego!"

Severus staggers—his wand flies upwards, away from Harry—and suddenly Harry's mind is teeming with memories that are not his: a hook-nosed man is shouting at a cowering woman, while a small dark-haired boy cries in a corner... a greasy-haired teenager sits alone in a dark bedroom, pointing his wand at the ceiling, shooting down flies... a girl is laughing as a scrawny boy tries to mount a bucking broomstick... a pretty red-haired girl is staring with wide, green eyes at the dark-haired teenager as he shouts, 'filthy little Mudbloods like her!'

All of a sudden, Harry is pushed by a force in the chest, hard. He staggers several steps backwards and hits the wall. Severus is shaking slightly, and very pale.

"Woah," says Harry.

Severus collapses onto the sofa and gives a slight, shaky laugh. "That was impressive," he says. "It's been a long, long time since someone broke into my memories like that. I've never heard of a Shield Charm being used to aid the mind arts, but there is no doubt that it was effective."

Harry takes a seat in the armchair. He feels he might be shaking a little himself. "How did it happen?"

"We were sharing a mental connection," says Severus. "It's not at all uncommon for the attacker to become the attacked. That is why you should be a very good Occlumens if you are going to try to use Legilimency on people."

"But you are a very good Occlumens," Harry protests.

"Yes," says Severus with another shaky laugh. "Which is why that was so impressive. I can tell you will be well suited to an all-out fight with another practitioner of the mind arts, although I suspect you will never be... er... subtle with your skills. Shall we try again?"

Harry doesn't answer right away, but starts chewing on his lip. "Did I see my mum?"

"In my head? Oh. Yes," says Severus calmly. "That was the last day I ever spoke to her."

Harry swallows. "And you... your childhood was like mine," he says in a near-whisper.

Severus inclines his head slightly.

"Is that why you... rescued me, when I was ten?"

Severus sighs. "It's what anyone should do when confronted with an abused child," he answers. 

"Do you... want to talk about it? Your childhood?"

Severus narrows his eyes. "Do you want to talk about the Dursleys?"

Harry gives a curt shake of his head.

"Well then," says Severus, a bit primly. "Another round of Legilimency?"

Harry sighs, then nods and stands back up. He tries to clear his mind.

"Legilimens!"

He is walking down a deserted corridor towards a plain black door, past rough stone walls, torches, and an open doorway onto a flight of stone steps leading downstairs on the left. Harry reaches the black door but cannot open it... he stands gazing at it, desperate for entry... if only his scar would stop prickling... then he would be able to think more clearly....

"Harry, Harry, stop!"

Harry opens his eyes. He is flat on his back with no memory of having got there; he is also panting, short of breath.

"Harry," repeats Severus. He is crouched over Harry, his hand on Harry's forehead, eyes sparkling.

"M'ok," Harry mumbles. "I just—" Harry goes to sit up. Severus moves out of the way to let him.

Severus's expression is inscrutable. "Your scar is burning again."

Harry nods.

"That was not your memory," Severus says carefully.

"It wasn't?"

"No," says Severus curtly. "It—it seems our Occlumency lessons may be making you more susceptible to the connection between you and the Dark Lord," he says, and his voice gentles as he keeps talking. "I should have realized—half-trained Occlumency skills are probably worse than no skills."

Harry takes a deep breath, and adjusts his glasses. "What do you mean, it wasn't mine? It's the corridor I told you I've been dreaming about for weeks."

Severus rubs his own forehead. "Harry, have you ever been to the Ministry for Magic?"

"Er—like—you mean it's in an actual building somewhere?"

Severus nods.

"No," Harry answers.

Severus sighs. "You've having dreams of visiting it."

Harry raises his eyebrows.

"Yes," says Severus. "That was a corridor on the ninth level of the Ministry. It leads to the Department of Mysteries. And as it is not you who is plotting to get behind locked doors in the Ministry, it seems plain to me that you are sharing the Dark Lord's thoughts about it."

Harry shivers. "How do you know about this mystery corridor?"

"I've broken into it for the Dark Lord, back when I was a Death Eater," Severus answers, almost absently.

"What's in the Department of Mysteries?"

"Many things, Harry." Severus still sounds distracted. "I don't know what he wants with it now. But we need to get more serious about your lessons, I'm afraid. We'll have to set up a bedroom to share. Practicing meditation before sleep by matching another practitioner's breathing is a reliable way to get better at it. We just haven't tried that before now, for... obvious reasons."

Harry gives a nervous little laugh. "Be a bit weird if you came to sleep in Gryffindor Tower."

"Yes," Severus agrees with a tight smile.

Severus and Harry decide to move into the bedroom at the back of the first floor, as it is already set up with two single beds and requires no rearranging. Last summer, it was dingy and depressing, with faded, peeling paint and holes in the carpet. Dobby's work has transformed it. The walls are painted a soft silver color; the ancient portrait frames are gone; the trash and filthy carpet has been removed to reveal gleaming wood floors. The moth-eaten bed covers have been repaired or replaced and all the furniture is precisely arranged and tidy.

"I wonder when the last time was that the Blacks had enough children to use every room in this house, and need extra beds per room," says Harry.

"A long time, I'm sure," Severus answers, watching Dobby like a hawk as the elf unpacks some of Severus's clothing into a wardrobe. "Sirius and Regulus clearly had the bedrooms on the fourth floor. The bedrooms on the first and second floors would have been empty the entire time they were growing up. Although—" he pauses—"I don't think Regulus's parents shared a bedroom. So perhaps both bedrooms on the third floor were occupied."

"Why didn't they?" Harry asks, rummaging through his trunk. Harry seldom bothers to pack and unpack it, in spite of the deep irritation this habit causes Severus.

"They—well—pure-bloods don't necessarily marry people they like, Harry," Severus says evenly. "Orion and Walburga were both Blacks. Second cousins. I doubt they chose each other for love."

"Ew," says Harry, wrinkling his nose.

"Indeed."

"I'm glad I'm not a pure-blood then."

Severus laughs, very softly. "Even pure-blood families like the Potters weren't fanatic about it in the manner of the Blacks. James Potter would never have made you marry a cousin."

"Woah. You said something nice about him," says Harry, looking up with a start.

"I am capable of doing that, on occasion," says Severus with dignity.

Harry laughs, then steps through the hall into the bathroom to get ready for bed. When he returns to the bedroom, Severus is already in bed with a book. When he sees Harry, he puts it down on a nightstand.

"Lie down, and attempt to clear your mind," Severus instructs. "I will turn the lights out. I want you to focus on my breathing. Again, if intrusive thoughts come, acknowledge them and let them go. Return, always, to my breathing. You will likely start to match your breathing to mine."

"Okay," says Harry, skeptical about this exercise but not willing to express it.

Severus turns off the lights with a twitch of his wand. Harry lies down on the other twin bed, and crawls under the covers. He listens to Severus breathe in the dark.

It is much more helpful than he could have imagined. He does not think of anything at all between the light going out, and falling asleep.

If he has dreams, he does not remember them.
Chapter 34: The Order of the Phoenix
Chapter Text

Everything is peaceful for six days.

Harry's dreams of locked doors at the end of corridors have ceased, although as far as his more ordinary dreams with jumbled faces, bits of flying through the skies, and classmates dying—those don't stop. Harry helps Severus sort through the library, works on his summer essays, goes flying at McGonagall's in the afternoons, and sends increasingly bemused letters to his friends.

On the sixth day, Severus and Harry are looking through the contents of the drawers of a locked desk in the drawing room they only just managed to open. It is growing late, but neither has suggested going to bed yet.

Dobby pops into the room with his usual startling abruptness. "Masters, there is a visitor in the dining room. Professor McGonagall is at the Floo, wanting to speak to Harry Potter!"

Harry frowns. What would McGonagall want with him this late at night? He looks at Severus, who shrugs. They leave the desk project for another day, and head downstairs.

McGonagall's head is in the fireplace in the dining room.

"Professor," exclaims Harry, crouching down to talk to her. "Is everything all right?"

"Oh—quite so, Mr. Potter," she says, but she sounds a bit stiff. "You are safe and well, I take it?"

"Of course," Harry answers, puzzled. "You just saw me this afternoon."

"Indeed," she sniffs. "Yet, I'm afraid an emergency alert just went out to all members of the Order of the Phoenix that you are missing and presumed kidnapped by Death Eaters."

Harry's jaw dropped open.

"Quite," she says with another sniff. "Will you step through to my house? Unless you wish to meet Headmaster Dumbledore at your house to assure him of your safety."

Harry has a sinking feeling in his stomach. He glances up at Severus, who looks stoic.

"Why was Dumbledore looking for me?" he asks McGonagall.

"I don't know, Mr. Potter," McGonagall responds. "If you'll come through, we'll talk to him and figure it out."

"Okay," says Harry, a bit dejectedly. McGonagall's head disappears, and Harry looks at Severus. "He's discovered I'm not at the Dursleys," Harry guesses.

"I suppose so," Severus agrees, but he sounds very calm. "Still, it wouldn't do to avoid him and let him think you have been kidnapped by Death Eaters."

Harry gives Severus a crooked smile. "Well, since you are a Death Eater, he's not far off...."

"I was a Death Eater," Severus corrects him. "You will remain calm, and avoid getting cheeky with the headmaster. We will handle this like adults."

Severus grabs a handful of Floo powder, and disappears through the flames to McGonagall's cottage. Harry gives a heavy sigh, then follows.

When Harry emerges from McGonagall's fireplace, she and Severus are already seated at the small table in her sitting room. Harry pulls a chair out and joins them.

"So, what happened exactly?" Harry asks her.

"I received a Patronus message from Albus a few minutes ago advising that you were missing," McGonagall explained.

"What's a Patronus message?"

"Exactly what it sounds like, Mr. Potter," Severus answers. "Using your Patronus to deliver a message. It's a very fast method of communication, but not stealthy."

"I want to learn how to do it," Harry says immediately.

"Later," Severus says with a touch of impatience. "Minerva, have you told Dumbledore you found Harry?"

"Not yet," she says. "Shall we do so now?"

Severus and Harry's eyes meet, then Severus nods. Harry nods as well, feeling nervous but somewhat resigned to the inevitable.

McGonagall clears her throat and casts her Patronus. Harry squints at it. It is a cat. Of course.

"Harry is safe and at my cottage," McGonagall tells the cat, then waves her wand and the cat runs off through the walls of the house.

"This is ridiculous," Harry grumbles. "He hasn't known where I am during the summer for five years. Why is he panicking now?"

"We shall find out," McGonagall says stiffly.

"Will he be angry?" Harry asks hesitantly. But then all conversation is cut off when the flames in the fireplace flare green, and Dumbledore steps out from them.

"Oh, wonderful," the headmaster says, beaming at the three of them. "How are you, Harry?"

"I'm well, Headmaster," Harry says, trying not to be too stiff himself. He carefully avoids looking into Dumbledore's eyes.

Dumbledore conjures a chair, as there are only three around McGonagall's table, and joins them at the table. "Harry, what was the first conversation we ever had, between just the two of us?"

Harry recognizes a Polyjuice-detection question right away. He can't remember all the exact words of that first conversation, but he does remember one comment quite clearly—"Er, you said that what happened with Professor Quirrell was a complete secret, so naturally the whole school knows, and then you explained to me what had happened."

Dumbledore gives Harry a gentle smile. "Thank you. Now, Harry, if you don't mind, I have some questions for you."

Harry nods.

"Do you—do you understand that Lord Voldemort has returned to his body and been restored to full power?"

Harry nods again.

"And you know that it was you he wanted to kill as a child, not your parents."

Harry nods again.

"Do you know why?"

Harry swallows. "He took some stupid prophecy seriously," Harry mumbles to Dumbledore's chin.

Dumbledore glances at Severus, but his face is impassive and gives nothing away. "Correct, Harry," Dumbledore says. "So you understand that my worry right now is you are still his top priority. That he still wishes to kill you."

Harry narrows his eyes. "What does the prophecy say?" he blurts out.

Dumbledore takes a sharp breath. "Harry," he says, sounding agonized. "This is not your burden to bear. Not yet."

Harry stares at Dumbledore's chin. Whatever answer he was expecting, that was not it.

"I only desire your safety, and happiness," Dumbledore says, and he looks old and sad.

Harry continues to stare uncomprehendingly.

"Harry, I hope you understand that I was very worried when I sent some friends to check on you in Privet Drive, and you were not only not there, but your aunt informed them you do not live there anymore and she has no notion of where you might be."

Harry blows out his breath, then gives Dumbledore a rueful half-smile. "That's just like her. Telling you just enough to worry you, but not everything she knows. She knew perfectly well where I was."

"I see," Dumbledore says slowly. "And would you share with me where that is?"

Harry shrugs. "I inherited a house last year. I live there now."

Dumbledore looks momentarily surprised, then swiftly buries the reaction under his usual sanguine façade. "You inherited a house? From whom?"

"Sirius Black," Harry answers. "His will said I was his godson and I was to inherit all his property if he has no children. The will was dated from when I was only a few months old."

Dumbledore takes a moment to digest this. "You inherited the ancestral Black property in London."

Harry nods.

"Harry," and the headmaster sounds distressed again, "the Blacks were... not very nice people. There is no way it is safe for you to live there."

"We've been making it safe," Harry says stoutly. "With the help of a house-elf. We spent all last summer cleaning it out and we moved in full-time this summer."

Dumbledore's eyes flicker to Severus again. "And who is 'we'?"

"Me and Professor Snape."

Severus's face remains completely impassive.

Dumbledore's face twitches. "And... how long have you lived with Professor Snape, Harry?"

Harry raises his chin. "Ever since Professor Snape delivered my Hogwarts letter when I was ten, and discovered that the Dursleys were abusing me. Sir."

Dumbledore's eyes close for a moment. "Harry...."

No one replies to this. Harry firmly remains silent. That was not a question, after all.

"Your aunt is your legal guardian, Harry," Dumbledore finally says. "It is illegal to remove an underaged child from his guardian's care. You have exposed Professor Snape to charges of kidnapping."

"Really?" Harry asks, and he can't help how sarcastic his tone is. "It's kidnapping if your legal guardian gives written permission for someone to take you, all but kicks you out of her house, and is glad to see the back of you?"

Dumbledore says nothing to this.

"Your aunt is also your mother's sister," he says instead. "Your mother sacrificed her life—"

"I know," Harry snaps, interrupting him. "There was some sacrificial protection that ran in Aunt Petunia's blood and I was safe as long as I called her place 'home.' Well, it was never a real home to me. So I don't believe in this protection in the first place."

"I assure you, it is quite real," Dumbledore says sharply. "I detected it when I first dropped you off, and my instruments would tell me if it were gone."

Severus makes a sharp, sudden movement, then stills. Harry peers at him, trying to understand what this reaction is about.

"Harry has not lived there in years," Severus explains. "How can you detect something that does not exist?"

"It exists," Dumbledore insists, leaning forward. "There is a blood connection that magically links Harry and his aunt and—"

Without warning, Severus bursts out laughing and slaps his hand on the table. Dumbledore stops talking, and turns to stare at him bewilderedly.

"This is no laughing matter, Severus."

"Lily and Petunia performed a blood ritual of mutual protection when she was ten years old," Severus manages to say, although he is still nearly choking on his laughter. "Lily found it in one of my mum's old Dark Arts books and thought it would ensure that Petunia would love her forever. That is what you're detecting in Privet Drive, Dumbledore! Not traces of her magical sacrifice!"

Dumbledore stares at Severus for a few seconds, his face inscrutable.

"It is possible," says Dumbledore neutrally, and he directs his next question to McGonagall. "How long have you known about Harry's living situation?"

"The same five years, Albus," says McGonagall. She sounds tired.

"Why would you not tell me?" Dumbledore sounds plaintive, and the question is directed at both Severus and McGonagall.

"We tried," McGonagall replies. "I went to you with concerns over Harry's home life, and you sent me away, telling me it was more important to keep him safe from He Who Must Not Be Named than to rescue him from an abusive home."

"It is more important," Dumbledore says, and his voice is suddenly fierce. "Especially now that he is back. Harry will be his first target, and you expect to keep him safe in a house that belonged to generations of Dark wizards? With a single adult to watch over him?"

Severus spoke up. "We plan on casting the Fidelius. It will be as safe as any place in Britain after that."

Dumbledore is silent.

"Why did you send your friends to check on me?" Harry pipes up. "You've never done that before."

"I had thought to give you an opportunity to move elsewhere for the summer," Dumbledore says, sounding tired. "Spending the first part of the summer at your relatives would have been enough to ensure your mother's protections live on."

Harry tilts his head. "What 'elsewhere' did you have in mind?"

"Have you heard of the Order of the Phoenix?" Dumbledore answers the question with a question.

"Yes," Harry says.

"I was thinking of moving you to an Order member's house. It is protected by a Fidelius Charm, for which I am the Secret-Keeper."

"No, thank you," says Harry politely but firmly. "I like my own house."

Dumbledore sighs, then turns to Severus. "Who will cast your Fidelius Charm?"

"I will," Severus says.

"Are you sure you are capable...?"

"Yes," Severus answers curtly.

Dumbledore sighs again. "And who will be your Secret-Keeper?"

"I was thinking Harry could do it himself," Severus answers.

Harry gasps. "You can be your own Secret-Keeper?"

"Of course."

Harry feels his face draining of blood. "Then why—but why did my parents choose one of their friends instead?"

"Well," says Severus gently, "I cannot say for sure, but I imagine it's because—if you can trust your friend—it is more secure to use someone else than a person living in the protected residence. If you are Secret-Keeper at Black's house, you could accidentally reveal the secret by chatting with a friend and casually mentioning your address, for example. Or you could order take-out and let the delivery person see inside the house. Or you could accidentally bring someone to the house via Side-Along Apparition, or a Portkey, or—"

"Okay," Harry interrupts wearily. "I get it. It's less secure, but I can trust myself. I'll be careful. Let's do it."

Dumbledore clears his throat. "I would also be more comfortable if you had Order members to watch out for you, Harry." His voice is gentle again, but he still sounds very tired. "Would you consent to the Weasleys moving in with you for the rest of the summer?"

Harry glances at Severus, but he gives no visible sign of asset or dissent, so Harry nods. "Of course. Yeah, they're welcome in my house anytime. I trust them completely."

Dumbledore manages a wane smile. "So do I, Harry. Severus, will you step outside the room with me for a moment? I would like to speak with you in private."

Severus inclines his head, stands, and pushes open the nearest door. Dumbledore follows him.

Harry watches them warily, then turns to McGonagall when the door closes behind them. "So," he says. "How much trouble are we in, exactly?"

McGonagall gives him a very tight smile. "He's impossible to read, Harry," she answers. "We'll find out what he thinks when he decides to tell us."

"What does he want with Severus?" Harry demands.

McGonagall shakes her head and does not answer.

Meanwhile, outside the sitting room, Dumbledore casts a few privacy charms and then fixes Severus with a very serious look. "Have you followed through on your plan to speak to Lucius Malfoy?"

Severus gives Dumbledore a very faint smirk. "I have."

"And did you learn anything?"

"Yes," Severus says without hesitation. "First, that the Dark Lord has not issued a kill-on-sight order for me. Quite the opposite. He said... he will earn my talents and my loyalties again, and I never should have thought it necessary to leave his side."

Dumbledore looks hopeful. "Will you take him up on that offer?"

"Dumbledore," says Severus chidingly. "We've been over this. No. Besides," he added, "It still wouldn't work. I cannot take the Dark Mark again."

"Why not?"

"The Mark is the physical manifestation of the Death Eater's vow," Severus explains. "It has a piece of the Dark Lord's own magic in it, commingled with your own, and it will not successfully attach if you do not sincerely mean your oath."

Dumbledore looks very interested. "I see," he says thoughtfully. "That would explain why every person I sent to become a Death Eater was killed."

Severus is horrified. "What? How many did you send? And why did you not ask me first if it would work?"

"This was before I had you," Dumbledore says gently.

Severus just stares.

"And could you not swear an oath to him again? You did so once," Dumbledore reminds Severus.

Severus swallows. "No. I was an angry, lost, desperate youth when I swore it, and I worshipped him blindly. I can never again say such a thing and mean it. You see... you don't swear to join a cause so much as... you essentially swear to replace your will with his own. Forever."

"I do see. What is the precise wording of the Death Eater's vow?"

Severus stares at the floor as he recites it. "We swear to obey him in all that he asks of us, to serve him, to give him our eternal loyalty and everything we have."

"Hmm," says Dumbledore lightly. Severus looks back up at him. "I am frankly surprised so many people mean something like that."

"Well, he's very impressive, if you don't know better," Severus says defensively.

Dumbledore chuckles. "I understand, Severus, better than you imagine. And what else did you learn from Lucius Malfoy?"

"The Dark Lord wants something from the Department of Mysteries. He wants it badly. He is obsessing over it. You know how he gets."

Dumbledore goes still.

Severus waits for him to say something.

"Ah," says Dumbledore finally. "You are sure of this?"

"Reasonably," Severus hedges. "But you didn't hear it from me."

Neither Voldemort nor Lucius has any idea that Severus knows this, of course, so it cannot be traced back to him. Severus has decided to share only these two discrete pieces of information, calculating that it would be enough to keep his employment and hold him and Harry above Dumbledore's suspicion.

All the same, it wouldn't do for Dumbledore to walk around bragging that Severus Snape is helping him.

"No, of course not," Dumbledore says reassuringly. "Have I ever treated your information cavalierly?"

"You have not," Severus agrees.

"Very well," Dumbledore says. "And you... you will continue to do everything in your power to ensure Harry's safety?"

"Everything," Severus agrees solemnly, and means it.
Chapter 35: Dumbeldore versus the Ministry
Chapter Text

Severus casts the Fidelius Charm successfully. It is a tricky bit of magic, but Severus is good at magic.

The Weasleys are delighted to be asked to come live with Harry. There is only slight hesitation when they learn Severus is living there as well, which is quickly and politely smothered. Hermione has been staying at the Burrow, so she comes as well.

It takes Molly Weasley all of half an hour to corner Severus in the basement, which is where he's set up a potions-brewing station.

"What is Harry to you?" she asks without preamble, leaning against the wall and crossing her arms over her chest.

Severus imagines she hasn't missed that he and Harry are sharing a room. Molly and Arthur have taken the master bedroom on the third floor; Fred and George are in the slightly smaller bedroom on the same floor; Ron has taken a small bedroom on the second floor; Hermione and Ginny are sharing the slightly larger one next to Ron.

There is no reason left, now, to be untruthful to her. The Dark Lord and Dumbledore both know.

"I delivered his Hogwarts letter just before his eleventh birthday," Severus says calmly, continuing to slice mushrooms. "I discovered he was being neglected and abused by his Muggle relatives. I will not share the details; if Harry wishes to discuss it with you, that is his affair. He has spent every summer with me since."

He stops slicing, and looks her in the eye. "I love him like a son," he says in his softest, most intense voice.

She looks unmoved. "Why are you sharing a room?"

"I am teaching him Occlumency. His need to learn it suddenly became pressing this summer. Breathing techniques as he falls asleep have been the most effective method so far."

Her eyes narrow. "If you hurt him...."

"Molly," Severus says, warningly. "I appreciate your concern, but you go too far."

She huffs, but at last, she leaves.

Meanwhile, Ron and Hermione are quizzing Harry, and he tells them the same thing Molly is hearing.

"Wild," says Ron, shaking his head. "And he's nice to you?"

"Yeah," says Harry, fiddling with his shirt hem. At Ron's extremely skeptical look, Harry gets defensive. "You have no idea, Ron, none. You've been part of a loving family your whole life. I knew you wouldn't understand—" Harry chokes on the rest of the sentence.

Ron looks away. Hermione, for her part, gives Harry a gentle smile. "I'm glad you're happy," she says, and sounds sincere.

"So," Harry clears his throat, "tell me about your summer?"

They do, grasping onto the change of subject eagerly. They tell Harry all about the Order of the Phoenix, and Harry politely pretends it is news to him. They tell him some Order meetings have been held at the Burrow, and describe some of the Order members to him.

"We think they rotate meetings among members' houses," Hermione explains briskly, "but we haven't seen any other meeting locations, they say we're too young to join up properly. Ron's brothers Bill and Charlie are in it, though," and that leads to a discussion of how Bill moved back to England with a desk job and is dating the Beauxbatons Triwizard champion, Fleur Delacour, and that leads to a discussion about how Percy had a fight with his father and is estranged from the family.

"That's horrible," Harry murmurs.

"We're well shot of him, George says, and I don't think I disagree!" Ron replies defiantly.

"The Ministry and Dumbledore are at war, and Percy chose the Ministry's side," Hermione concludes with a shrug. "It would be difficult for him to do otherwise, I suppose."

Ron's ugly look doesn't dissipate.

"Eh?" Harry asks, not having heard of this war.

"The Ministry is insisting You-Know-Who isn't back and that Dumbledore is making it all up," Hermione explains. "Even Cedric's own father—he's some kind of high-up Ministry official—has stated that his son was kidnapped by a madman and rescued by Dumbledore, but there's no evidence that the madman was really You-Know-Who reincarnated."

"I mean... I guess they're right," Harry says uneasily. "How would anyone know for sure?"

"That's exactly what Cedric is saying," Hermione continues. "He's told his story but always with this disclaimer that he has no way of verifying whether it was really You-Know-Who or just someone claiming to be him. And, well, Mr. Weasley says the Daily Prophet is completely under the Ministry's thumb, so we think if Cedric ever said anything else, they didn't print it."

She and Ron exchange a dark look. Hermione keeps going. "And Dumbledore has been voted out of the Chairmanship of the International Confederation of Wizards and demoted from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot, and they're talking about taking away his Order of Merlin, First Class, too."

"Do you believe he's back, Harry?" Ron asks, displaying some shrewdness.

And Harry, put on the spot like that, can't lie to his friends. "Yes," he says.

Ron shudders, and looks away. Hermione looks at Harry with something like pity. It makes Harry very uncomfortable.

"Let's see if dinner's ready," Harry says, eager to be done with this conversation.

 

With his friends there, the rest of the summer flies by. Harry doesn't go back to McGonagall's to fly in the afternoons, not with his friends staying at his house. Hermione—predictably—loves Orion Black's library, while Ron is more interested in messing around with Dark artifacts in the attic with Harry. They manage to get their summer homework done with Hermione's nagging and under Severus's stern eye. Fred and George, oddly enough, successfully pester Severus into letting them hang around him and help with his potions. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley disappear for long stretches of time, during which Harry assumes they are at Order meetings.

On the last day of the holidays, the Hogwarts letters finally arrive. Ron and Hermione are the new Gryffindor prefects, and Harry finds himself very jealous of Ron but tries his best to suppress it. Mrs. Weasley does everyone's school shopping that afternoon, deeming it unsafe for them to all head to Diagon Alley together. She is so proud of Ron that she buys him a new broom, which has Harry feeling less jealous and more pleased for his best friend.

Dobby puts on a magnificent spread for dinner in the dining room (Dobby would have been mortified by the idea of the wizards eating in the basement kitchen). But the elf's ears are drooping at the prospect of everyone leaving. It was very rewarding for Dobby to have a large family to take care of again.

"You can't just leave him here alone all year, Harry!" Hermione says indignantly.

"Er—well, Dobby, what would you prefer to do instead?" Harry asks awkwardly. The elf stammers and blushes and can't reply.

"He can work at Hogwarts," Severus suggests. "There's plenty of work to go around. But we'd have to get Dumbledore's permission. Non-Hogwarts house-elves aren't supposed to be in the castle."

"I can't believe you own a slave, Harry," Hermione continues relentlessly. "It's disgusting. Dobby, what would you do if you were free?"

Dobby bursts into tears, while the Weasleys look uncomfortable and avoid looking at anyone.

Eventually, Hermione coaxes Dobby into admitting he would be the happiest elf in existence if he were free, but he'd still want to work for Harry Potter wherever Harry Potter went, he'd just want to be... paid for his work.

Hermione's face is shining with pride and affection as Harry takes off a shoe and a sock and hands the sock to Dobby.

Dobby is still crying the next morning when they all get ready to go to King's Cross.

An assortment of Order members shows up to accompany the students to King's Cross. Severus tells Harry with a shrug that he trusts he will see Harry at Hogwarts. Harry gets to meet the real Mad-Eye Moody. He is still wearing his eye patch. Harry concludes that Barty Crouch did an eerily, astonishingly accurate impression of Moody, because Harry feels right away that he knows Moody very well.

Harry also meets a very impressive Auror named Kingsley Shacklebolt, and a much younger Auror named Nymphadora Tonks—who Harry likes at once.

"I've heard of you!" Harry says to her excitedly. "Your mum was on the tapestry Severus and I got off the drawing room wall in this house."

Nymphadora—"Call me 'Tonks'," she insisted—gives a peal of laughter at this. "I don't believe you. I thought old Walburga burned my mum's name off the tapestry long ago."

"I said 'was,'" Harry admits with a grin of his own. "Yeah, might have been a burn mark there instead, by the time I looked at the thing. Severus had to tell me about your mum."

"Mum never talks about her family," Tonks says a bit more soberly. "From what I know of them, they weren't very nice."

"So I've heard," Harry agrees. "So it wasn't weird, having one pureblood parent and one Muggle-born parent?"

Tonks throws him a shrewd look that makes it clear she understands exactly why he's asking. "Not weird at all," she says kindly. "They're wonderful parents and they're still deeply in love with each other after twenty-three years of marriage."

It's a sweet story, but Harry can't help the stab of envy he feels for Tonks.

Kingsley Shacklebolt, the other Auror accompanying Harry, seems to notice Harry faltering in the conversation and steps in with questions about Harry's summer. They are easy questions, asked in a friendly manner, and the journey passes quickly.

They make it to King's Cross without incident. Harry is deserted by Ron and Hermione on the train, as they have prefect duties to attend to. He shares a compartment with Ginny, Neville, and Luna Lovegood instead. Harry largely does not understand what Luna talks about during the train ride, but she seems nice enough.

They disembark from the train together and take the horseless carriages to the castle. But there is no Hagrid to greet the first years. When the students arrive at Hogwarts, the gamekeeper is also missing from the Great Hall, and no one has any word of him. Harry even flags down Malfoy to ask him about Hagrid, but Malfoy doesn't know anything.

Instead, there is a new, and loathsome-looking staff member at the table: a woman who looks like a toad, dressed incongruously in pink. Dumbledore introduces her as the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, Dolores Umbridge. She interrupts Dumbledore to make a speech of her own, which Hermione claims is about Cedric and You-Know-Who and Ministry interference at Hogwarts.

Harry doesn't say anything in response to Hermione, because he isn't sure what to think of this. It's a strange stance for the Ministry to take—denying that You-Know-Who has returned. It seems calculated to help Voldemort instead of hurt him. But regardless of how backwards it is, it's something Harry strongly prefers to stay out of.

Harry is taken by surprise that night in the dorm room when Seamus Finnigan confronts Harry over whether he thinks You-Know-Who is back.

"How should I know?" Harry asked, aggrieved, in the middle of pulling off his robes.

"Well, you're the Boy Who Lived," says Seamus. "Dumbledore says he's back, claims he saw it happen, and you've been weirdly silent on the topic."

"I don't know what surviving his attack fourteen years ago has to do with whether he's alive now," Harry snaps, extremely irritated. "It's not like he showed up to my house this summer so I could see him with my own eyes, is it?"

"He didn't?" Dean Thomas asks, leaning forward keenly.

"Of course not," scoffs Harry. "If he were back, and if he'd shown up to my house, it's not likely I'd be here to talk to you, is it?"

Dean and Seamus nod at this, like Harry has made an impressive point. Harry scowls, climbs into his bed, and yanks the curtains shut to signal the discussion is over.

He should have expected this, Harry thinks to himself. His fame as the Boy Who Lived will have everyone interested in his opinion on a topic he would really rather not discuss.

Harry comforts himself with the thought that he's not, strictly speaking, lying. He can truthfully say he has not seen any firsthand evidence that You-Know-Who is alive.

But the turmoil in Harry's head is so strong that he forgets his Occlumency exercises, and sees endless tunnels and locked doors in his dreams that night.
Chapter 36: The Attack
Chapter Text

Harry messes up his potion rather spectacularly in the first class of the term. Severus is not very kind about it—not that Harry expected him to be—and makes him stay after class to discuss it. 

Harry is hungry and resentful about delaying lunch, but Severus overrides his objections.

"Umbridge is dangerous," he warns Harry. "She has the full backing of the Ministry and they will do everything in their power to stop Dumbledore from speaking about the Dark Lord."

"Right," Harry agrees grimly, adjusting his grip on his bag.

"Do not antagonize her in any way. If she asks you what you think, please lie," Severus says, nearly begging. 

"Of course," Harry assures Severus. "I'm not stupid."

"Even if she asks for your opinion," Severus stresses. "Your opinion is—"

"That I'm fifteen and I have no basis to form an opinion on this topic," Harry finishes for him.

"Perfect," says Severus with a visible rush of relief, and lets Harry go.

 

That evening, Harry sneaks off to Severus's rooms under the invisibility cloak, because he is steaming mad and needs to talk to an adult instead of just groan in shared misery with his friends.

"Umbridge is a nightmare!" Harry rants the minute he gets inside. "She treated us like six-year-olds! She's making us read a textbook that says nothing except that you should let your enemies win! She's banned the use of all spellwork!!!"

Severus tries not to laugh. "I've had some pretty stodgy, by-the-book Dark Arts professors myself, and look how I turned out," he says. If this is the most Harry is worried about for the school year, he'll be fine.

Harry casts Severus a dark look. "It's my O.W.L. year! I'm going to fail and never have any kind of career."

Harry collapses melodramatically onto the sofa.

"You know I'll help you pass your O.W.L. regardless of the incompetence of the Dark Arts professor," Severus says soothingly. "So Umbridge didn't quiz you on the Dark Lord?"

"No, she was too busy dealing with the entire class being angry that we're not allowed to use magic during our O.W.L. year," moans Harry.

"You kept your mouth shut, I hope," Severus says sharply.

"Of course," Harry says. "But I was as angry as the rest of them. I need to learn to duel, Severus! What if You-Know-Who changes his mind about our truce?"

"Then you'll die regardless of how skilled a dueler you are," Severus says, his expression very grim. "Do not underestimate the Dark Lord, Harry. Only Dumbledore could hold his own in a duel against him."

Harry huffs out his breath angrily. "I'd like to at least not waste an entire year on the nonsense from this textbook," he retorts.

"I'll think about what's to be done," Severus says. "In the meantime, I congratulate you on keeping your head down and your mouth shut in the class."

"Thanks," Harry responds gloomily, but he doesn't mean it. He now hates Umbridge more than anyone in the world, and he knows he will spend all year staring at her and imagining horrible things happening to her.

"Don't you have an essay to write?" Severus asks pointedly. 

Harry groans loudly. He has several, of course, not least among which is a Potions essay. And it is only the first day back at school!

 

In the first Care of Magical Creatures lesson of the term, Malfoy arranges things so that he is studying Bowtruckles right next to Harry. 

"I had word about Hagrid," Malfoy says to Harry cautiously.

Harry perks up. "Oh?"

"Yeah, he's—you know, Potter, who's side are you on anyway?"

Harry draws some lines on a parchment that could potentially be a Bowtruckle, if one were to squint. He wishes he already asked Severus where they stand with the Malfoy family. All Harry knows is that Severus trusted Lucius Malfoy with the truth about Harry's living arrangements over the summer.

"My own side," Harry says finally, and he feels a rush of conviction at this statement. "It's not Dumbledore's or the Ministry's or You-Know-Who's, okay? I just want to survive whatever is coming in one piece."

Malfoy snorts. "I don't think you'll get away with that for long, Potter. Sooner or later someone will make you choose."

"Until then," Harry repeats firmly, "I'm not on any sides."

Malfoy makes a skeptical noise.

"So what about Hagrid?" Harry prompts him.

"Oh," says Malfoy with delight, "Dumbledore sent him to court the giants! Because he's half-giant! As though those creatures will ever listen to what he has to say. They're natural allies of the Dark Lord and Hagrid is unlikely to make it out of there alive."

Harry scowls at Malfoy. Whether Malfoy's information is right or not, his attitude is unacceptable. "You don't have to sound so happy about it."

"Why not?" Malfoy says airily. "Unlike you, I've picked a side. The winning side."

Harry gives Malfoy a flat look. "Oh yeah," Harry says, his voice heavy with sarcasm. "You got a real choice there, don't you?"

Malfoy stiffens, affronted. "What the hell do you mean by that, Potter?"

Harry just shakes his head. "With your dad committed decades ago and with him living in your house, what else could you do?" He feels slightly sorry for Malfoy, but he tries to keep that out of his tone.

Malfoy's face goes tomato red, and he looks for a moment like he is going to hit Harry.

"How do you know all that?" Malfoy hisses, very discomposed. 

Harry gives Malfoy an exasperated look. "I thought you'd figured out already that I'm being raised by Snape. Of course I know what's going on with your lot."

Malfoy's grip on the Bowtruckle slips, and it makes a swift break for freedom.

"No," says Malfoy, ignoring the Bowtruckle running into the forest and staring at Harry, dumbfounded. "I didn't know that."

"Your dad knows," Harry informs Malfoy.

That does nothing to dampen Malfoy's astonishment or anger.

Harry swallows. "If you ever want to talk about whether there's another way, Snape's door will always be open to you."

Malfoy hisses at Harry and stalks away to get another Bowtruckle. He does not return to join Harry, who shifts over to work with Ron and Hermione instead.

Well, at least Harry has tried.

 

Quidditch tryouts for the Gryffindor Keeper take place on Friday evening, and the new captain of the team, Angelina Johnson, picks Ron as the next Keeper. Ron and Harry are both thrilled, and they're celebrating in the common room with butterbeer when pain sears across Harry's scar and he feels something like delight at the same time as the pain.

Harry has to leave the party early, disconcerted and annoyed. He rid himself of these dreams and visions, and he improved his Occlumency over the summer. One week of ignoring his exercises at night has apparently been enough to undo all his progress on that front.

Extremely annoyed at himself, Harry crawls into bed and does his level best to clear his mind and breathe like Severus.

The weekend does not improve his mood. Harry spends it buried in homework and Quidditch practice, and Monday morning begins with the worst imaginable announcement: Umbridge is the new High Inquisitor, with power over the other professors' classes and curriculum. Harry glances up at Severus to see how he is taking it, but Severus is his usual impassive, unreadable self.

Harry spends the next week wondering how Umbridge has time to inspect everyone else's classes and also teach her own. Then he realizes that she does so little during her own classes—she instructs the class to read a chapter from the textbook, no wands and no talking, then sits down—she could have easily transfigured a toad and had it perform the same task.

Harry survives by practicing O.W.L.-level defensive spells with Severus a few evenings a week, and throwing himself into Quidditch. His patience is rewarded at the end of September.

One Saturday morning, the students wake up to an announcement that Professor Snape is starting the Dueling Club again. Harry and his friends sign up eagerly, and Harry immediately understands that Severus is following through on his promise to see Hogwarts students pass their O.W.L.s, Umbridge's interference notwithstanding.

"How did you get her to agree to this?" Harry asks Severus that evening, bursting with eagerness for the first dueling lesson the next morning.

Severus smirks and sips at his tea. "I mentioned to her that it traditionally existed at Hogwarts until Dumbledore thought it too archaic," he explains. "It is trivially easy to manipulate her; as soon as she found out Dumbledore disliked the idea, she liked it at once. She's also inclined to think well of me, as she was a Slytherin and apparently Lucius Malfoy has been saying flattering things to the Minister and to her about me."

"It's really going to be about passing our O.W.L.s, right?" Harry clarifies. "Not just traditional dueling?"

"It will be both," Severus promises. "And Flitwick will be helping me. It should be a vast improvement over the session with Lockhart."

"That one was funny," Harry laughs.

"It was, but this one will actually be useful."

About a third of the school turns up for dueling lessons—mostly notably, almost every person in their fifth and seventh years. Word has gotten out that this might prepare students for O.W.L.s and N.E.W.T.s in a way that everyone now realizes Umbridge's classes will not. It is chaos, but controlled chaos: students pair off, some supervised by older students, and students in Harry's year practice basic shield and disarming charms. Harry supposes the only difference between a real Dark Arts class and a Dueling Club is that everyone is practicing at the same time without the level of supervision and instruction a real class would have.

Still, it is much better than suffering through Umbridge's classes without Dueling Club.

 

As the term passes, Harry slowly falls out of the habit of practicing his Occlumency exercises every night. He and Severus have stopped working on Occlumency in favor of making up for the deficiencies in Umbridge's Defense Against the Dark Arts curriculum. Severus even says that Harry is good enough at this work to help other students during the Dueling Club sessions.

Malfoy is avoiding Harry, which Harry does not let trouble him. The Slytherin-Gryffindor Quidditch match is ugly; Ron does not perform well amidst the taunting of the Slytherin crowd, but Harry catches the Snitch in time to eke out a Gryffindor win.

After the match, Malfoy looks incredibly angry to have lost the Snitch to Harry again, but he just swallows whatever it is he was about to say, and walks off to the locker rooms.

The next day, the news spreads around the school that Hagrid has returned, but with the load of homework they have to plow through, Harry, Ron, and Hermione don't do much other than smile and welcome him back. Harry asks Severus if it's true Hagrid was off recruiting the giants for Dumbledore, and Severus just shrugs and reminds Harry it's best to stay out of these things.

 

Harry assumes that he will stay in the castle over Christmas, as he has every year, and gives Ron a noncommittal response when Ron asks Harry if he wants to stay at the Burrow. During the last week of term, Harry stumbles into Cho and Cedric snogging in a passageway Harry was intending to use as a shortcut. Harry turns bright red and backs away as the couple breaks apart at embarrassment over having been caught. 

Harry feels nothing but mortification that he once had a crush on Cho Chang. 

Harry is so mortified that he goes to bed that night thinking of nothing else, and certainly not thinking of how long it has been since he practiced clearing his mind for Occlumency.

Harry wakes up screaming in his bed in Gryffindor tower with vivid memories of being a snake sinking fangs into a man's flesh.

Ron is standing over Harry, shaking him to wake him up, and looking very frightened.

"Oh no," Harry moans, memories of the dream still flooding his mind. The pain in his scar is blinding, and Harry rolls over and vomits off the edge of his bed.

I am not a snake, he chants to himself, but this does not help the panic that is born of the fear that this was not a dream at all, but a vision of whatever Voldemort is doing in real time.

"You need to go to the hospital wing, mate," says Ron, looking terrified.

"Right," Harry mutters. He gets out of bed, grabs the invisibility cloak, and leaves the other four boys staring after him bewilderedly.

Once again, Harry has no intention of heading to the hospital wing. He descends to the dungeons and lets himself into Severus's rooms, then pounds on the door to his bedroom.

Severus does not take long to open the door. "Are you all right, Harry?" he asks, feeling Harry's forehead.

"I had another one," Harry mumbles. "A vision. I've been awful at clearing my mind, I know I have, but forget about that now, Nagini just attacked Arthur Weasley! He's dying on the floor of the Ministry!"

"Ah," says Severus, his face blank. He guides Harry to the sofa, sits him down, and orders tea. Harry gives Severus all the details of his dream, and Severus is frowning by the end.

"It's real," Harry finishes. "We have to go save him. He's bleeding to death right now!"

"I don't doubt that it's real," Severus agrees, slowly. He is thinking hard. "But we cannot afford for word to reach Dumbledore that you are inhabiting the Dark Lord's head. Or his snake's."

"We can't?" Harry asks. "I thought things went okay with him this summer...."

Severus rubs his forehead. "Just trust me on this one, Harry. We can't. I will... ah... go to Dumbledore myself and pretend I've heard an amusing story from my Death Eater friends."

"Oh, sure," says Harry. "That's good. But hurry, he's bleeding like mad, Nagini tore into him like he was butter...."

"Right," Severus agrees. "Go to the hospital wing, please. Tell Madam Pomfrey you think you have a stomach bug or something like that."

Harry nods, and they leave Severus's rooms together. Harry heads off the main staircase to go to the hospital wing, and Severus proceeds to the headmaster's tower. 

Though it is quite late, there are voices coming from inside the room at the top of the moving staircase, a positive babble of them. Dumbledore is speaking to the portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses. Severus wonders what has them so worked up tonight.

Severus knocks loudly at the griffin knocker on the door. The voices cease abruptly and the door opens of its own accord.

Dumbledore is sitting in a high-backed chair behind his desk; he leans forward into the candlelight and takes on the appearance of a spectral creature. 

"Is everything quite all right, Severus?"

"Not quite," Severus says, his face and voice impassive. "You may want to check on whatever Order member you have in the Department of Mysteries right now. I heard a... rumor... that he may not be well."

Dumbledore does not need to be told twice. He jumps into action, enlisting portraits to check in at the Ministry and Saint Mungo's. Harry's vision was quite correct: Arthur Weasley is found in the lower levels of the Ministry, covered in blood. Dumbledore arranges transport to Saint Mungo's, prepares a fiction to explain Weasley's presence in the Department of Mysteries, and then asks Severus whether the Weasley children ought to be told tonight.

"I would tell them," Severus opines gravely. "They shall find it hard to forgive if they later learn they were not informed as soon as possible."

"Would you... would Harry be willing to host them at Grimmauld Place again? It's far more convenient to Saint Mungo's."

"You must ask Harry," Severus demurs. "I should prefer it if my name did not come up at all in tonight's story."

 "Yes, of course," Dumbledore agrees, and he sweeps off, presumably to talk to Harry and the Weasley children.

Severus makes his way back to his quarters. There is not much else he can do tonight.
Chapter 37: The Accidental Horcrux
Chapter Text

Severus learns in the morning that Harry and all the Weasley children have been pulled out of school. He is irritated that Dumbledore did not consult him before taking Harry off the grounds—Dumbledore now knows Severus has all but adopted the child—but he suppresses the irritation. Presumably, it was more important to get them all out of Hogwarts before Umbridge could ask why these children are receiving special dispensation and start inquiring too much into their father's activities.

Before classes start on Thursday morning, Severus checks in on Harry at Grimmauld Place. Dobby answers the Floo call, and goes to fetch Harry.

When Harry comes into the drawing room, he looks exhausted. There are dark circles under his eyes and his hair is much messier than usual. 

"How are you holding up?" Severus asks anxiously. "I have to teach classes today and tomorrow but I'll be there as soon as I can."

"I'm fine," Harry says. "Mr. Weasley is going to be all right. We're allowed to go see him later. We all just finished breakfast and everyone's in a good mood. We're going to try to nap for a bit."

"Are you alone?" Severus asks.

Harry looks around the room, then nods.

"Did Dumbledore give anyone an explanation for how Arthur was found?"

"Not that I know of. Everyone knows Dumbledore has his ways, no one has even thought to speculate about it."

"Yet," Severus adds grimly.

"Ron knows I woke up screaming and very ill last night," Harry agrees, his face falling. "He also knows I have visions of what You-Know-Who is doing."

"You don't have to lie to your friends if they ask you," Severus assures him. "But please, please make them promise to say nothing about it Dumbledore."

Harry chews on his bottom lip. "They trust and respect Dumbledore," Harry says. "I don't want to put them in that position. Are you going to tell me why it's so important to keep this from Dumbledore?"

"I will," Severus promises. "Not now. As soon as we can ensure we're alone."

"Okay," Harry agrees. "I'll see you on Friday?"

"You will." Severus nods and ends the call.

Severus finds it very hard to focus on his classes that day.

 

Harry and the Weasleys have a refreshing nap. Harry assures Mrs. Weasley that they are welcome to stay at Grimmauld Place as long as they like. She hugs him tearfully, and he clings to her for a second or two longer than necessary.

The visit to Mr. Weasley in St. Mungo's goes well. He is healed of everything but the puncture marks left by the snake's fangs, which contained a poison that keeps wounds open. The story grosses Harry out, but Mr. Weasley's cheerful attitude soon overcomes even Harry's nausea and lingering sense of guilt for having been inhabiting the snake's mind when it attacked.

It is the twins, of course, who are nosiest.

"So, you going to tell us what happened, Dad?" Fred asks when Mr. Weasley is done telling them about his roommates in the hospital ward.

"Didn't Dumbledore tell you?" Mr. Weasley asks, with an air of surprise. Harry can't tell whether the surprise is affected or not. "It's very simple—I'd had a very long day, dozed off, got sneaked up on and bitten."

"Where were you when it happened, Dad?" presses George.

"That's my business," says Mr. Weasley, though with a small smile. His polite attempts to change the subject are unsuccessful, and Mrs. Weasley hisses at the twins to drop it.

The twins do not drop it, with the result that the kids are kicked out of the room to make way for Moody and Tonks.

The twins pull out eavesdropping devices, and everyone crowds around to listen—including Harry, who desperately wants to know what Dumbledore has told the Order about what happened.

Harry can hear Tonks whispering as clearly as though she were standing right beside him.

"...they searched the whole area but couldn't find the snake anywhere. It just seems to have vanished after it attacked you, Arthur... but You-Know-Who can't have expected a snake to get in, can he?"

"I reckon he sent it as a lookout," growls Moody, "Because he's not had any luck so far, has he? No, I reckon he's trying to get a clearer picture of what he's facing and if Arthur hadn't been there the beast would've had a lot more time to look around. So, Dumbledore won't even tell you how he knew Arthur was attacked?"

"He refused to say," Mrs. Weasley replies. She sounds uneasy. "He admitted he has portraits that spy for him in the Ministry, but there are no portraits down there, are there, Arthur?"

"There aren't," Mr. Weasley confirms. "I don't have any memory of being found; I blacked out after the attack."

"It makes no sense," says Moody. "The only ones down there were you and a snake. I reckon You-Know-Who has got some way of communicating with his snake, but he wouldn't have sent anyone down there to help you."

"Dumbledore did not seem worried about it when I spoke to him this morning," whispers Mrs. Weasley. "We have to trust him, don't we?"

The conversation ends on a murmured agreement on that point, and Mrs. Weasley bustles back into the corridor to escort the children back to Grimmauld Place. Harry goes with a heavy heart. Keeping his and Severus's secrets is sounding like a taller and taller task each day.

Back at Grimmauld Place, Mrs. Weasley insists on digging out old Christmas decorations and putting them up. Harry's lack of enthusiasm for the task is quickly overpowered by Dobby's extreme enthusiasm for it. 

On Friday evening, Severus is as good as his word and shows up to Grimmauld Place as soon as classes end. He is accompanied by Hermione, who has cancelled her ski trip with her parents out of concern for the Weasleys. 

Everyone sits down to dinner together, and the conversation centers around Mr. Weasley's condition. St. Mungo's primary challenge in developing an antivenom is, according to Mrs. Weasley, a lack of knowledge as to what the venom itself contains. The traces of it present in the wound were not large enough amounts to test. They are essentially experimenting blind.

Harry does not pay much attention to this discussion. He can hardly contain his impatience to get Severus alone. Harry blows off Ron when he wants to play chess after dinner, and corners Severus to meet with him in their old bedroom on the first floor.

Taking the subject very seriously indeed, Severus casts a bevy of privacy and protective spells before he will sit down on the twin bed facing Harry and talk to him.

"The Dark Lord is immortal," Severus begins, cutting to the chase.

"Well, that blows," Harry says, his heart sinking. "He's here to stay?"

Severus rubs his face with a hand uncomfortably before replying. "There is no method of achieving immortality that doesn't have some kind of catch," he lectures as though standing in front of a classroom. "The alchemists can live forever as long as they keep making their elixirs, but if you destroy their stones, they die. Unicorn blood must be consumed on a regular basis to keep you alive. Very powerful wizards can possess another person's body, and keep moving from body to body, but if you're inside them when they die, and your body is gone, you die as well. And most possessed people will eventually put up a fight."

"Okay," Harry says uncertainly. "So which of these methods is You-Know-Who using?"

Severus took a deep breath. "None of them. He mistrusts all of them, and found something else that he views as much less vulnerable."

"Which is...?"

"There is a way to split your soul," Severus says, his eyes fixed on Harry without blinking. "The theory is that when you murder someone, the act is so horrendous that it damages your soul. As it's damaged, you can extract a piece of it out from your own body and encase it in some external object. Then, even if you are later killed, only your body would be destroyed. The piece of your soul inside the object endures, and tethers you to life. This object is called a Horcrux."

Harry leans away from Severus, catching himself with his elbows as he falls back on his bed. "Oh, gross," he exclaims.

"Gross," Severus echoes, the lines of his face harsh. "To undo this method of immortality, one must find and destroy all the objects in which he has stored a piece of his soul."

Harry sucks in a sharp breath. "Objects, plural?"

Severus nods. "It's a theory, only a theory, but... yes, I think the Dark Lord has made multiple Horcruxes."

"Why? That's so horrible! Why would anyone do that more than once?"

"It makes his enemies' task of finding and destroying them that much harder, does it not?"

Harry's throat is thick, but he nods. "Okay, so what you're saying is it's impossible, and thank goodness we have a truce with him, because he will win this war."

"Not exactly," Severus says. "I think one of his enemies does know about his Horcruxes, and is hunting them to destroy him."

Harry sits bolt upright. "Dumbledore!"

Severus nods.

"Well," Harry says fervently, "I hope he manages it."

Severus lets the silence stretch on. His expression is not one of agreement.

"What," Harry sputters, "you're actually rooting for You-Know-Who to win?"

"Oh no," Severus says softly. "No, I'm merely... not rooting for Dumbledore to investigate, find, and destroy all his Horcruxes."

"Why not?" Harry asks, baffled.

Severus is silent for another long pause. 

"Oh, Harry," Severus says, and buries his face in his hands.

Harry fidgets uncomfortably. After Severus does not look up again, Harry uneasily shifts to the other bed, to sit next to Severus and awkwardly pat him on the back.

Whatever this is, it is not okay. Severus is the adult, the one who swooped in on Harry's life to save him and guide him and care for him. He is not supposed to have breakdowns; that is Harry's job.

Severus eventually masters himself and looks up. He curls his legs up on the bed so that he is facing Harry. Harry's arm drops away, down to his side.

"I am nearly certain of everything I have said so far," Severus says. His voice is steady. "For reasons I am magically constrained from discussing with you. But please believe I have evidence for it. What I am about to say next is guesswork, but... it explains everything. And it is vital that we keep it a secret."

"Okay," Harry agrees.

"I believe the Dark Lord has split his soul so many times, that it is unstable. When he attempted to kill you in Godric's Hollow, and the Killing Curse rebounded onto him, it tore off a small piece of his soul. That piece settled into the only living thing in the room."

Harry stiffens.

"That soul piece, lodged in another person, has forged a certain affinity. A similarity in wand compatibility. The ability to speak Parseltongue, which is otherwise hereditary. And... a connection between one another's minds."

Harry shakes his head, violently, unwilling to accept it.

"The Dark Lord was possessing his snake on Wednesday night," Severus continues. He is still so damnably calm. "Because he was inhabiting the snake, so were you."

"No," Harry manages. "No, that's vile and... no!"

"It is vile," Severus agrees.

"I don't," Harry says, feeling his breath quicken and panic start to overwhelm him. "I can't, it's not possible, that's not right, I can't—"

Severus leans forward and wraps his arms around Harry. He holds on tight as Harry buries his face into Severus's chest and sobs.

Harry sobs until he can sob no more. Hiccupping, he pulls away from Severus and accepts the handkerchief held out to him. He mops his eyes and tries to remember the last time he cried like this.

He can't remember a single time.

"So what do we do about it? How do we get it out?" Harry asks hoarsely.

"The person who split his soul can undo it by feeling remorse for the murder," Severus explains patiently. "Otherwise, there is no other way. The container for the soul piece must be destroyed in order to destroy the soul piece."

Harry leaps up off the bed and paces the room, frantic.

"Well, that's insane," Harry says, his strides eating up the room over and over again. "That's mad, I'm not going to sit by and let someone destroy me so they can destroy You-Know-Who—it's not right, I'm not doing it, no one can ask me to—"

"No one knows about this, Harry!" Severus reminds him sharply. "I suspect not even the Dark Lord himself knows. He certainly could not have meant to create an accidental Horcrux that night!"

Harry gives a burst of mad-sounding laughter and then sinks to the floor, leaning against a wall. 

"Oh, but, oh! It's not You-Know-Who who wants to go around destroying his own soul pieces, is it."

Severus doesn't answer.

"You think Dumbledore would seek to destroy me if he knew," Harry breathes out, shocked to his core.

"I have no idea how he would react, Harry," Severus says. "But it is imperative that we decide how we want to deal with this before Dumbledore discovers any of the evidence I have just discussed with you."

"Right," Harry whispers, feeling numb.

Harry and Severus sit there in silence for ages. Harry's mind is whirling and will not stop. Half-formed thoughts careen around his head and are gone as quickly as they came. 

"I can't do this," Harry finally whispers, after his tailbone has grown numb from sitting on the hard floor.

"We're doing this together," Severus says firmly. He has sat very quietly and made no motion to disturb Harry.

Harry stares at the far wall. Harry tilts his head forward and then bangs it back against the wall with a satisfying thud. 

He says nothing else, can think of nothing else to say. He feels a million miles away from this room, this body, this house. Before he knows it, the room is dark and he's being gently picked up, his glasses taken off, and tucked into bed. He pulls the covers over his head, curls up into a tight ball, and does his best to clear his mind.
Chapter 38: Strategizing
Notes:

    Some more Severus/Voldemort interactions in this chapter, which means we've wandered back into the territory of sexually-charged scenes.

Chapter Text

Severus rises well before Harry the next morning. Harry is still wearing his clothes from yesterday, sleeping crookedly on the bed with the covers tangled around his waist. Severus has a momentary impulse to straighten him out and fix the covers, but he resists. If Harry is able to sleep, he needs it. Severus is careful not to disturb him as he leaves the room.

Severus could be wrong about the accidental Horcrux. He hopes he is. But he does not think he is.

Severus makes his way downstairs, into the basement kitchen, side-stepping Dobby and cooking his own breakfast. He and Dobby have fallen into this routine: Severus will pretend like he doesn't notice Dobby; Dobby will try to get in between Severus and the pantry and insist he is cooking for Severus; Severus will order Dobby to get out of his way; Dobby will tell Severus he is a free elf and does not have to take orders from Severus; and Severus will ignore that and return to pretending Dobby is not hovering around him as he prepares his own meal.

Severus suspects he and Dobby have, somewhere in the repetition, become fond of one another.

After breakfast, Severus retreats to Orion Black's study, which has the benefit of keeping him out of the way of the other occupants of the house. He can hear everyone as they wake up and venture downstairs for breakfast—which Dobby insists on serving in the formal dining room on the same floor as Orion's study—but Severus does not have to see them or talk to them.

Severus hides in the study until a knock on the door precedes Harry's entrance. Harry comes in without waiting for an invitation to enter. He's holding two plates with sandwiches. He puts one in front of Severus, and drops down in the seat on the other side of the desk.

"Er, thank you," Severus says. He reaches out and picks up the sandwich. He is hungry, and did not realize it before the interruption. "How are you feeling?"

"All right," Harry says. "So, er. What's our plan to deal with the... you-know-what?"

Severus nods in appreciation that Harry does not just want to go around throwing the word 'Horcrux' out there as a casual matter.

Severus scratches his hair, which falls limply back in place after being disturbed. "Well, we really only have three options. One is to cover it up, keep it our deepest secret, improve your Occlumency until it is steel tight, and go through life hoping no one else ever makes the connection I did because they lack the information to do so."

Severus pauses, but Harry doesn't say anything.

"Two, we tell Dumbledore. We seek his help finding a solution to destroy a Horcrux without destroying the container, a solution no one has found in thousands of years of Wizarding history, and we hope Dumbledore does not decide that it is impossible and your life must be sacrificed in order to defeat the Dark Lord."

Harry makes a startled movement. "That definitely violates the terms of our truce with You-Know-Who."

"Yes," Severus says. "We would be the Dark Lord's very worst enemies. All bets would be off. I cannot predict what would happen or who would prevail."

"Option three?" Harry asks.

Severus sits up a little straighter. "We tell the Dark Lord, and hope he wishes to try for some remorse for murdering your mother and attempting to murder you."

Harry laughs.

He stops laughing when he realizes Severus is serious.

"What?" Harry asks, certain that he misheard.

"Harry, the Dark Lord is the last one on this earth who will want a piece of his soul in another person—not a stationary object he can hide and protect, but something that can walk and talk and think for itself. I predict he will be quite motivated to reverse the Horcrux."

"Or," Harry says dryly, "he decides to lock me away forever and keep me not walking around and talking and thinking for myself." 

Severus smiles, a small, sad smile. "He might," Severus acknowledges. "It would break his word to me, and it would ultimately—well, Harry, you are still mortal. You will die, of old age in a hundred years or so, if nothing else. The Dark Lord won't want a piece of his soul in something that will pass away eventually."

"Somehow, that's not the most comforting thing to hear right about now."

Severus's smile grows wry, but he says nothing.

Harry eats his sandwich in silence for a while.

"There's one thing I'm not doing," Harry says after a while. "Not going to off myself so the path is clear to Dumbledore defeating You-Know-Who."

"Good," Severus says with heartfelt emphasis.

Harry swallows the last mouthful of his sandwich. "How long do you think, realistically, we would get away with trying to keep it a secret?"

Severus drums his fingers on the desk thoughtfully and finishes chewing his own bite of sandwich. "My answer to that depends on whether the Dark Lord has discovered you have been sharing his mind," he finally answers.

"Oh," says Harry glumly. "Because that was the most important piece of the puzzle for you?"

Severus nods. "That, and knowing in the first place that he made Horcruxes."

"Well, d'you think you could attempt to find out from him whether he knows? Without tipping him off if he doesn't?"

"I can certainly try," Severus agrees. "I will probably see him today regardless. I apologize, but I will have to spend the evening elsewhere. The Malfoys host an annual Christmas ball and I've been skipping them for years, but now I fear I must attend if we wish to keep a foot in that camp."

"Ah," says Harry. He pauses, then: "Is this another, 'if I don't come back within twenty-four hours, get help' thing?"

Severus inclines his head. "Every time I go see that lot. Yes. Assume the worst if I go missing for more than twenty-four hours."

Harry stares at Severus, his chest rising and falling rapidly. "I wish you wouldn't go, then."

"I believe I must," Severus says.

Harry stares at his empty plate with a morose air, then perks up with a deliberate effort at cheerfulness. "A ball, huh? Who're you gonna dance with?"

"I have only ever danced with Lucius and Narcissa," Severus says, grimacing. "I despise these things. In the past, I simply stood there and glowered at anyone else who tried to enter my personal space."

Harry grins, an easy, unaffected emotion this time. "I have no trouble imagining that. So how come I'm not invited to this thing? Who all goes to the ball?"

"I have no doubt that the Malfoys would be delighted if the Boy Who Lived graced their ball," Severus says dryly, "although there are not many fifteen-year-olds present. And given how many Death Eaters will probably attend, it would give me a heart attack if you were also there."

Harry pouts. "Draco Malfoy and I are sort of friends now."

"How nice for you," Severus continues in his dry tone.

"Just be careful," Harry sighs, and leaves to take their plates back to the kitchen.

 

Severus chooses to arrive at the party well after any point it could still be called "fashionably" late. He Floo's directly into the Malfoys' ballroom from Grimmauld Place. He does not seek anyone out in the crowd, but installs himself as a wallflower. He accepts a flute from a house-elf to have something to hold, but he does not drink.

Over the next hour, a variety of Death Eaters come speak to him. They appear to want to ingratiate themselves with Severus, and have missed the memo that he is no longer a Death Eater. He plays their games, exchanging banter and veiled threats, and desperately wishes the evening were over already.

Narcissa is the first to make him budge. Severus knows well enough that she will not take no for an answer, and it would be embarrassing to try. She takes his hand and leads him out onto the floor.

"You look stunning, as always," Severus tells her politely, holding her arms in his but keeping a careful distance between them. He and Narcissa have never been close, but have always tolerated each other for the sake of peace with Lucius.

"You look... like yourself," Narcissa replied, her expression haughty. "When will you develop a fashion sense?"

"Never," Severus tells her, and means it. "How have you been faring?"

Narcissa raises her chin a little, and Severus understands that that means she has not been as well as she would like. "Well, thank you, and you?"

"It's been an eventful year at Hogwarts," Severus answers neutrally.

"Still terrorizing children every day?"

"Of course."

Narcissa changes the topic to her favorite subject in the world: Draco. Why did he receive a certain grade on his Potions essay. Why so-and-so did not have points docked for saying something nasty to Draco in class. Why Severus did not sign his last request for a pass to the Restricted Section. Why Severus allowed his dormmates to steal some of his candy from home without consequences. Why is Severus not keeping a closer eye on him. Why is Severus not fostering a relationship between him and Harry Potter.

Severus is practiced at this. He gives Narcissa his usual non-answers, and extracts himself from the conversation and the dance as soon as he can.

When Narcissa finally releases him, he is prevented from slinking back against the wall when a fifties-something man with light-colored, graying hair and bland features stands in his path and clasps his shoulder.

"This dance is mine," says the stranger.

Severus grunts, and tries to shake off the hand. The grip is too strong. Severus's own hand moves towards his wand.

"Don't be ridiculous, Severus," chides the stranger. "Last time we saw each other, you let me fuck you on the floor of the Malfoys' sitting room, and now you don't even want to dance?"

Severus's eyes widen. He pauses for a few heartbeats, then removes his hand from his pocket and places it in the stranger's hand. The stranger pulls him onto the dance floor, and grips him possessively, with much less distance in between them than Narcissa maintained.

"My Lord," Severus says carefully. They are almost exactly the same height. Severus has nowhere to look except directly into the light brown eyes of his partner.

"There's no need to call me that, as I am clearly incognito," Voldemort laughs. He holds Severus a little tighter.

"What is this?" Severus inquires. "Polyjuice?"

"Transfiguration," Voldemort answers lightly.

Severus draws in a sharp breath. Human Transfiguration is one of the most difficult branches of magic. And to have changed everything about how he looks... Severus is astonished.

"That is most impressive."

Voldemort raises an eyebrow. "Is it surprising to you that I am excellent at magic?"

"No," Severus says with a smile. "But every time I learn something new about it, I am in awe again."

"Are you enjoying the evening?"

"No," Severus answers honestly. "Are you?"

"Oh, yes," Voldemort answers. "It's been very informative. The Malfoys' social events are invaluable to me."

"I'm glad it has gone well," Severus answers cautiously. He does not want to sound interested in whatever Voldemort has been trying to accomplish at social events.

"It has. Tell me, how is Harry doing?"

Harry. As though the Dark Lord has the right to use his first name.

"His grades are average," Severus says in a non-answer. "He gets that from his father."

Voldemort laughs. He takes one hand off of Severus's waist and moves it to the back of Severus's neck. Rather than resting it gently against the curve where the neck meets the spine, he curls his hand possessively tight around it, underneath Severus's hair.

Severus's steps falter slightly in their dance. He is starting to feel tightness in his groin. And this stranger in front of him doesn't even look like the Dark Lord!

"Has Dumbledore discovered yet how close the two of you are?" Voldemort wants to know.

"Yes, we told him at the end of the summer."

"What did he think?"

"He did not say, but I doubt he was pleased."

"I will meet with Potter eventually," Voldemort reminds Severus. "You cannot delay it forever."

"Of course," Severus murmurs deferentially. "After he is done with school."

"We'll see," Voldemort says noncommittally.

"Can I have a sample of Nagini's venom?" Severus asks abruptly.

"I don't know, can you?" Voldemort mocks him.

"May I take a sample?"

"Whatever for?"

"She attacked Harry's friend's father. I thought I might see if I could develop an antivenom."

"How charitable of you." Voldemort's tone is very dry.

"He's important to Harry."

"I suppose," Voldemort says. "You may develop one dose of it for Weasley. You may not share the venom or the recipe with anyone else. And you will owe me."

"Yes, my Lord," Severus agrees docilely. "Thank you."

Voldemort's hand around the back of his neck tightens, and Severus's cock twitches. He misses the next step of the dance.

"Did you obey my instructions to think of me when touching yourself?" Voldemort asks, his voice pitched very low.

"Oh, yes," Severus says, and he isn't lying.

The song ends, and couples begin to switch off or leave the dance floor. Voldemort abruptly lets go of Severus and steps away from him. The two of them exchange a shallow bow.

"Come find me in the drawing room in ten minutes," Voldemort says, and sweeps away through the crowd.

Severus does not feel it would be possible to disobey. He hovers near the antechamber of the ballroom, which leads into the rest of the house. He avoids talking to anyone. After ten minutes, he ducks out of the ballroom, crosses through the antechamber, and opens the door to the drawing room.
Chapter 39: A Problem
Chapter Text

Severus enters a room that, at first, appears to be empty. The door swings closed behind Severus and locks itself. Severus manages to conceal any reaction he has to this, and makes his way to the other side of the room.

Lord Voldemort is stretched out on a couch at the far end of the room, looking very much himself again.

As Severus approaches, Voldemort gestures to the rug beside the sofa, where Nagini is curled in front of the hearth.

"Ah, thank you," Severus murmurs. He takes a vial from his pocket and transfigures its lid for collecting venom. "Will she cooperate with me?"

Voldemort hisses something vaguely menacing sounding to the snake. Severus does not flinch as Nagini unfolds herself and slithers towards him. He crouches and sets the vial on the floor. Voldemort hisses something else, and Nagini strikes the lid of the vial, then lets her venom drip down into it. Nagini lets it drip for about a minute before retreating back to the hearth.

Severus stows the vial in his pocket, and turns to face the Dark Lord.

"I'm glad you came to the ball," Voldemort murmurs, looking at Severus through half-lidded eyes, his lips parted. The sight of him takes Severus's breath away.

Severus is very horny. That is the only justification that occurs to him for the fact that he perches on the edge of the couch next to Voldemort, braces his right hand on the back of the couch, and leans down and presses their lips together.

Voldemort's lips—he does have lips—are supple and yielding. He kisses Severus back, tenderly, as though Severus is something precious. One of Voldemort's hands comes up and tangles itself in Severus's hair. Voldemort's mouth opens, and Severus's tongue finds its way inside, as a light brush at first, growing more forceful. Severus tilts his head for a better angle as they continue kissing, and then he has to draw back slightly to catch his breath.

Severus's left hand comes up and caresses Voldemort's cheek. "What do you want with me?" Severus asks, breathless.

"I already told you," Voldemort says, one side of his mouth curling up in a half-smile. "I want your talents and your loyalty back."

Voldemort reaches a hand underneath Severus's robes and rubs the outside of his underpants. "I also want your cock," he says, the other half of his mouth curling into a full smile.

Severus needs no further invitation. He briefly stands to shed his robes and his underpants. While still lying down, Voldemort wriggles out of his own clothing. Severus stares as Voldemort exposes his body. Every inch of it is starkly pale. Old, white scars crisscross his chest. His ribcage is visible underneath skin that looks to be stretched painfully tight over a frame too large for it.

Severus swallows hard as he sits back down on the couch. Voldemort moves his legs to one side to make room. Severus reaches out and splays his palm against Voldemort's chest. The skin feels paper thin. But Severus can feel a strong heartbeat beneath his hand. The rhythm of it seems to reverberate through him.

"You're so... alive," Severus marvels, and then flushes when he hears how stupid he sounds.

"I am," Voldemort agrees. He does not laugh. "Thanks to you."

"You would have lived without me," Severus says instantly, dismissively.

"Oh, Severus," sighs Voldemort. "Existing as a disembodied spirit, without food, without sleep, without touch. Or being confined to the world behind a portrait. It is not truly living."

"I am sorry," Severus whispers. Severus does not know what he is apologizing for. For having asked for Lily's life, because it set in motion such unforeseen, disastrous consequences? Or perhaps it is a general expression of sympathy for Voldemort's experience.

"I am sorry too," Voldemort says. "For killing her. It taught me many things. One of which is that I should have been more intentional in my promise to you."

An apology from the Dark Lord. That is... almost more than Severus can handle. Severus bends down and presses his lips to Voldemort's again. It crosses his mind that he is snogging Lily's killer and that Harry would be horrified. He lets the thought go; at the moment, he does not much care. Voldemort's lips are sweet, and Voldemort is shifting on the couch, lifting one leg and moving it over until Severus is wrapped in between both legs. Severus pulls away from the kiss and presses his mouth to the center of Voldemort's chest in the small hollow of his sternum. Voldemort's heartbeat vibrates through his lips.

Voldemort moves his arm, fumbling for something, and then Severus feels a hand on his cock. It stiffens immediately, and Severus moans into Voldemort's chest.

Voldemort's hand is slippery and glides up and down the shaft with ease. Severus opens his mouth and nips lightly on Voldemort's skin, using only his lips. Voldemort's breath hitches.

Voldemort pushes on Severus's shoulder until Severus is sitting up. Voldemort shifts his legs back until his feet are on Severus's hips. He grasps Severus's cock and guides it towards his own entrance.

"Uhm," Severus says, a less coherent sound than he intended. He tries again. "Really?"

Voldemort uses his feet to lift himself up and press further against Severus's cock. It isn't quite aligned correctly, and everything feels slightly smushed.

"Yes," Voldemort says, insistent. "Now," he adds.

Severus doesn't second-guess it again. He reaches down for his own cock, and Voldemort lets go of it. Severus repositions himself. He closes his eyes as he pushes past the rim of muscle. It is hot and tight, and shivers travel down Severus's spine. Severus lets go of himself and places his hands on Voldemort's hips, keeping his touch light. He pushes, then pauses.

Severus opens his eyes and tightens his grip on Voldemort's hips. Voldemort's red eyes are fixed on his and his hands are resting languidly at his side. His expression is as relaxed as Severus has ever seen it.

"Move," Voldemort instructs, and Severus obeys. He pushes again, lifting Voldemort's hips at a slightly higher angle. Voldemort's eyes drift closed and he lets out a long, contented sigh.

Severus buries himself fully inside Voldemort, giving a long, low groan of his own, and pauses for another moment before moving. He knows he won't last long; being inside Voldemort is the most erotic experience of his life. He feels simultaneously elated and overwhelmed. He tightens his grip on Voldemort's hips and moves until he finds a steady pace. His breath comes faster and his heartrate speeds up; every feeling and sensation is a tight ball inside him until he thrusts forward with a final burst of energy and a soft cry.

He finishes with a final shudder, pulls out of Voldemort, and falls limply forward. Voldemort stretches his legs out on either side of Severus, and threads his fingers through Severus's hair. Voldemort is still hard; Severus lifts his head and places his mouth on Voldemort's cock. He sucks, then moves his tongue along the length of the erection, and Voldemort pushes his hips upwards, releasing himself into Severus's mouth with nearly no warning. Severus tries to swallow it all, but is not quite successful. There is come on his chin and on Voldemort's stomach when Severus lays his head down on Voldemort's chest. Severus ignores the mess.

"Gorgeous," Voldemort says. He sounds sleepy.

Severus can't agree that either of them are particularly gorgeous, but perhaps the sex itself merited the term.

"What are we doing?" Severus asks, feeling satisfied but deeply unsettled.

"We're fucking each other," Voldemort answers. "I thought that was obvious."

"It's nice," Severus says cautiously. "Is that all we are to each other?"

"Of course not," Voldemort says. His fingers are still very gentle as they comb through Severus's hair. "I am trying to take over Britain and you are trying to figure out what you want to do about that. Also, you used to serve me and then changed your mind after I murdered someone you loved."

Severus laughs, although it isn't funny. He laughs until tears gather in his eyes. He hugs Voldemort closer to him and finally recovers his breath. "Succinctly put," Severus says, hiccupping slightly on the words.

"Severus, would you happen to know why Harry Potter has a mental link to me?"

Voldemort's voice is deceptively calm, and Severus needs a few seconds to process what he is asking. When the words finally penetrate, Severus freezes.

"Ah, so you did know about it," Voldemort says. His touch remains achingly kind.

Severus says nothing. He lies there, his head on Voldemort's chest, trapped in between Voldemort's legs, Voldemort's come on his face. He wonders if Voldemort did not want sex at all, but merely wanted Severus in a compromised position for this conversation.

Severus cannot find anything to say. All he can do is close his mind as tightly as possible against Voldemort's Legilimency, and keep his mouth shut.

"Well, if you are unwilling to discuss it, I will have to investigate by other means."

That provokes Severus into speech. "You promised," he says hoarsely. He wants to despair. He cannot believe that, little under a minute ago, he was laughing so hard his stomach hurt.

"Ah, and you believe investigating this matter constitutes harm to the boy?" Voldemort asks, his tone light and his caresses still so gentle.

Severus shuts his mouth. He sits up, wipes off his chin, and pushes Voldemort's leg aside so that he can stand up. He finds his clothes on the floor and gets dressed. He confirms that his wand is still in the pocket of his robes. He notices his hand is shaking.

"I'll see you around, Severus," Voldemort says, his voice still low and soothing as Severus backs out of the room. It does not sound like a threat, but it feels like one anyway.

Severus doesn't return to the ballroom. He cannot face seeing anyone else right now. Instead, he makes his way to the other wing of the house and uses the Floo in the sitting room to return to Grimmauld Place.

Severus is fortunate; Grimmauld Place is quiet. Severus makes his way to the very top floor, to Regulus Black's old bedroom, as he is certain no one else is using it. It is not Harry's fault, but Severus cannot share a room with the boy tonight. He needs to be alone with his mistakes and his weaknesses.

 

The next morning, Severus does not sulk in Regulus's old bedroom all day, no matter how tempting the prospect is. He joins everyone else for breakfast, helps with the last of the Christmas decorations, and then sits with Harry in Orion's study after lunch.

Harry perches on the edge of his chair and bounces his leg up and down energetically. "So? How did the Malfoys' ball go?"

Severus stares at the surface of the desk for a few moments, gathering his thoughts before answering. "Well, as I predicted, the Dark Lord was there."

Harry leans forward. "And?"

Severus forces himself to meet Harry's eye. "He is aware you are occasionally sharing his mind."

Harry's face falls, and his nervous leg bouncing ceases.

Severus is starting to blink a little too much. He tries to stop. "I reacted in a manner that confirmed it, and probably tipped him off that it is more important than he could otherwise have known."

"What do you mean?" Harry frowns.

"He brought up the subject when I was relaxed and off-guard," Severus explains. "He's... skilled at this. He asked whether I knew why you and he share a mental connection, and I froze instead of coming up with a quick deflection. He is not going to drop the subject, I'm afraid."

Harry nods slowly. "Well, you said yesterday there's a good possibility he knew about the visions, so I'm not sure this changes anything. Except that we know that he knows. It's not like he's threatened to break our truce over it. It could still be fine."

Severus closes his eyes. "I hope you're right, Harry."
Chapter 40: Draco and Quidditch
Chapter Text

Harry isn't sure how, but he manages to act normal for the rest of Christmas break. He enjoys his presents on Christmas morning, and is glad for the distraction of going and visiting Mr. Weasley again Christmas afternoon. He and his friends encounter Professor Lockhart, who still does not know who he is. They also meet Neville's parents, whose near-vegetative state makes Harry sick to his stomach about the prospect of Voldemort being in charge of the world for good.

It does not, however, sway Harry from his resolve that he will not let anyone off him to get to Voldemort.

Severus spends the days brewing, allowing no one to help or even observe, which severely disappoints Fred and George. Severus is successful at developing the antivenom for Nagini, and sends a vial off to St. Mungo's anonymously with a terse note explaining its purpose. He cannot risk being associated with the cure, lest they come knocking on his door next time Nagini bites someone. If they refuse to use it, that is not Severus's problem.

Nevertheless, on the last day of the holidays, Mr. Weasley is discharged from the hospital, completely cured, and the holiday ends on a festive, cheerful note.

 

Harry returns to Hogwarts firmly in the practice of clearing his mind every evening with rhythmic breathing. It is more important than ever that Voldemort not breach his mind—not while Harry is thinking about being a Horcrux.

Therefore, he does not share any strong emotion of Voldemort's on the evening of the first day of term. Harry focuses on classes, and starts on his homework, and does not know anything has happened until Tuesday morning.

When Hermione shows Harry the Daily Prophet article about ten Death Eaters breaking out of Azkaban—including the ones who tortured the Longbottoms—Harry has to leave the Great Hall to go vomit in the bathroom.

His resolve to stay out of the war does not waver, but Severus's words echo back to him: "And can you open a newspaper next year and read about Hermione Granger's parents dying?"

Harry knows he can't, but he doesn't know what to do about any of it.

The Hogwarts gossip mill is quick to reject the Ministry story that the Death Eaters broke out by themselves. The students seem to suddenly decide that Dumbledore's story is correct, and You-Know-Who is back. Umbridge does not react well to this, issuing strict decrees forbidding teachers from talking to students about matters outside their class subjects.

Fortunately, Umbridge does not shut down the dueling club, as she is still under the impression that Dumbledore opposes it. Harry and the rest of the club members start to feel like they are making real progress towards their Defense Against the Dark Arts O.W.L.s.

After the second Dueling Club session of the term, Harry tells Ron and Hermione he'll catch up with them later, and sneaks back downstairs to visit Severus's private chambers. He knocks, the door opens, and Harry enters to discover Severus sitting down to tea with Draco Malfoy.

"Uh, sorry," Harry stammers. "I'll come back later."

Malfoy's face goes slightly pink, but he clears his throat and before Harry can back out the room, offers, "No, it's okay, I don't mind."

Severus looks at Harry, then nods at an empty seat.

"Er..." Harry hesitates, but takes the seat.

"I'll be straight with you, Potter," Malfoy announces. He looks a little miserable, now that Harry has a good look at him. His manner is a little less self-centered and whiney than usual. "My parents think I should be friends with you."

"Oh," Harry says, lamely. "That's weird."

"It is not," Malfoy insists, sounding more like his old whiney self. "The Dark Lord is interested in you—and not because he wants to kill you. He wants you on his side and it only makes sense that my parents would want me to help with that."

"I'm not on his side," Harry says flatly.

"You don't have to join him to be friendly with me," Malfoy says with a sneer. "Anyway, I thought about what you said the first time we met, on the train, remember?"

"I remember."

Malfoy pulled out a piece of parchment. "I wrote my mum's old professor, Horace Slughorn, who taught at Hogwarts for fifty years and remembers every student he ever taught. He's not a Muggle lover either, he was head of Slytherin House. He told me Lily Evans—I mean, Lily Potter—was one of his favorite students ever, described all her accomplishments, and...."

Malfoy looks up. Harry leans forward, trying to get a glimpse of the parchment. He desperately wants to hear stories about his mother's school days from her old professor.

"Her grades were better than my mother's," Malfoy says, as though confessing his deepest secret.

Harry does not laugh in Malfoy's face, or point out that Hermione's grades have always better than Malfoy's. What's more important is—"Can I see the letter? Please?"

Malfoy hesitates, then hands it to Harry. As Malfoy summarized, it is full of praise for Lily Evans's character and accomplishments. Slughorn tells anecdotes about her that seem to jump off the page and take a life of their own in Harry's imagination. Harry feels tears gather in the corner of his eyes as he reads, and blinks them back determinedly.

"Well," Harry laughs after he finishes reading, "this isn't really what I meant on the train, but I'm impressed. Of course we can be friends, Draco."

Draco slumps back on the sofa, heaving a sigh of relief. "Thank Merlin."

Harry snorts. "What were you and Professor Snape talking about?"

"Er..." Draco says, then casts a helpless glance towards Severus.

"We were talking about why I joined the Death Eaters and why I am no longer one," Severus answers evenly.

Draco flushes, and looks at the floor.

"Cool," Harry says.

"Draco has a few years before he needs to worry about it," Severus murmurs. "It will be productive for you two to be friends."

"Sure," Harry mutters. "Productive." Yeah, that is how Harry chooses who to be friends with. Right.

"Did you need something from me, Harry?" Severus asks.

"Nope," Harry says promptly. He came down here to angst over Voldemort and Horcruxes and lousy Defense Against the Dark Arts professors. There is no way he wants to say any of that in front of Draco.

Severus raises an eyebrow, but does not press it.

 

Being friends with Draco is a challenge.

Ron and Hermione are not interested in spending time with Draco in any capacity. Harry is neither surprised nor upset by their reactions. He doesn't blame them at all, in fact, and sort of regrets agreeing to try to be friendly with Draco.

It turns out Draco does not have any more friends than Harry does. Crabbe and Goyle are, in fact, his only close friends. Draco spends most of his time gossiping with them or helping them with homework in the Slytherin common room. They have no option to work anywhere else, because Crabbe and Goyle learn best by discussing the homework assignments out loud, and that is forbidden in the library.

Harry is about to give up on the entire tentative friendship thing when Draco comes up with a brilliant solution. They wake up an hour before breakfast and go down to the Quidditch pitch whenever it's not booked for team practice. Throwing a Quaffle around is good for their flying skills, and there is something freeing about turning loops in the air and shouting in joy whenever someone makes a particularly good move. All pressure is off to discuss anything serious, or fit their very different lives together—they are just teenage boys blowing off steam.

The February Hogsmeade weekend falls on Valentine's Day this year, and neither Harry nor Draco have a date, so they loop their friends into the Quidditch practices and everyone—even Hermione, who dislikes reckless flying and prefers caution in the air—manages to have a good time. The weather is cold but the breeze is refreshing instead of miserable, and they come in for lunch pink-cheeked and chatting happily about their favorite professional Quidditch teams. Then, the Gryffindor Quidditch team has booked the pitch for official team practice after lunch, and Harry is exhausted by the time dinner comes around. But it is a gratifying sort of exhaustion.

The Gryffindor Quidditch team is a seamless and well-oiled machine by now, with Ron as the only new member of the team as Keeper. Although Ron is not nearly as talented as Oliver Wood was, he keeps his head and manages to make most saves. Gryffindor handily beats Hufflepuff in their next match by three hundred points after Harry catches the Snitch.

Every night, Harry dutifully clears his mind before bed and practices his breathing, and does not have visions of Voldemort torturing any Death Eaters.

In March, Umbridge makes an even worse nuisance of herself, and uses her authority over the school to fire Professor Trelawney. Never having taken her class, Harry is indifferent to these events, but he and Draco do take time to corner Severus after class and make sure he's in no danger of being sacked.

Severus gives them his nastiest sneer when the boys admit they entertained it even as a remote possibility, and kicks them out of his classroom with instructions to have more faith in him.

Dumbledore hires a centaur to replace Trelawney, which is good gossip fodder and not much else to Harry.

As O.W.L.s approach, Harry and Draco fly less frequently and Harry is persuaded by Hermione to spend more time studying. Severus's Dueling Club lessons become more frequent for the fifth and seventh years, and Umbridge still does not suspect that the entire point of the club is to make up for the deficiencies in her own teaching.

Draco and Harry share a quiet snicker over that.

Umbridge does not encounter opposition that drives her to new levels of cruelty or an Inquisitorial Squad; Dumbledore is secure in his position as headmaster; and Fred and George don't have the funds or the motivation to cause chaos and drop out of school, so they buckle down for N.E.W.T. studies, and the term proceeds quietly.

Harry suffers through a career consultation with McGonagall, in which he has to admit he has no idea what he wants to do with his life. She presses some pamphlets on him and tells him to study hard for his O.W.L.s.

The only thing Harry has ever considered is playing professional Quidditch, but it sounds silly and frivolous in his head. He does not have the courage to confess this to McGonagall.

It is nonetheless a simple fact that the final match of the season—Gryffindor versus Ravenclaw—is much more compelling to Harry than his studies for his O.W.L.s. Playing Quidditch is a high he has never found anywhere else. Ron hits his stride during the game—he pulls off some spectacular saves, and Harry deliberately delays catching the Snitch for a bit because his team is doing so well. In the end, Gryffindor creams Ravenclaw by more than five hundred points and takes the Quidditch Cup.

 

It is extremely difficult to drag his mind back to revision and books, after that. By the end of his exams, Harry doesn't have a clue how he did on his O.W.L.s. He thinks he does pretty good in Potions and Defense Against the Dark Arts—with credit due entirely to Severus, and none to Umbridge—and middling on everything else.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione spend an hour outside relaxing by the lake after exams and before dinner. Hermione wants to rehash examinations, and Ron playfully splashes water on her to shut her up. Before Harry knows it, it's a full-on water fight and they are joined by the other Gryffindors until everyone is soaked, tired, and happier than they have been in months.

Dinner is a lively, noisy affair—the fifth years and the seventh years are elated to be done with exams. Harry is feeling exhausted, sleepy, and very full when he pushes back from the table and leaves the great hall with Ron and Hermione.

Draco waylays them in the entrance hall.

"Hey, Harry!" Draco says breathlessly, clearly having hurried to catch him. Draco gives a shallow, but relatively polite nod to Ron and Hermione, who give him extremely shallow nods in return. "Can I have a second?"

"Er, sure," Harry says, and lets Draco pull him down a stairwell. It's not the one that leads to the Slytherin common room; it goes instead to Severus's office. Ron and Hermione leave to take the stairs up to the Gryffindor common room.

Draco pulls something out of his robes. It is a thick piece of parchment, folded in half. Draco hands it to Harry.

"My father asked me to pass this on to you," Draco says, almost stammering. "I was told I have to give it to you after dinner and that if anyone but you opens it, there's a nasty curse on it."

Harry's heart speeds up. He takes the parchment gingerly. He briefly considers showing it to Severus first, but—if it's cursed to everyone but Harry... and Severus is still in the great hall, Harry can't approach him there....

Harry opens the parchment. It is a letter.

 

Harry Potter,

I trust this letter finds you well and in good health. As you will recall from our conversation during your third year of school, shortly before you were born, a seer spoke a prophecy foretelling that a child would arrive with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord. You will understand that I have always believed the child to you, but there is something missing.

My knowledge of the prophecy is incomplete. I only know the first few lines. There is more to it, and I have never stopped desiring to hear the rest of it. Fate has decreed there is a connection between us, and it is one I wish to understand. I want to know more.

Don't you?

If you make your way to the lower levels of the Ministry of Magic in London this evening, my servants will be there to help you find the record of the complete prophecy. I guarantee your safety while they are there.

All my best,

Lord Voldemort
Chapter 41: The Department of Mysteries
Chapter Text

Harry finishes reading Voldemort's letter and looks up at Draco.

"Did you know who this was from?" Harry asks accusingly.

"I made an educated guess," Draco answers uneasily. "Why? It didn't curse you, did it?"

Harry's heart is still hammering. It would be the worst decision ever to leave school and travel to the Ministry of Magic—which Harry has never been to before and has no idea how to find—on Voldemort's invitation. Severus would never let him do it.

That is enough for Harry to abruptly decide to do it. He trusts that Severus has Harry's best interests at heart, of course, but Severus always thinks that that is best accomplished by staying out of things.

This is one thing Harry is not capable of staying out of.

Harry shakes his head in answer to Draco's question. "No, it didn't," Harry says. "So, do you know how to get to the Ministry of Magic?"

Draco looks surprised by the question, but recovers quickly. "Well, from here, the easiest way would be to Floo, I guess. Why?"

"I'm going," Harry answers in a tone he hopes brooks no argument. "How can we use the Floo at school?"

"Students are not supposed to just use the Floo to leave school," Draco says exasperatedly. "And these days Umbridge is monitoring the Floo because the Ministry thinks Dumbledore is trying to create an army to fight the Ministry."

"But hypothetically, if you wanted to sneak out, what Floo would you use?"

"You'll be found out," Draco warns. "But I'd use the one in Professor Snape's office. No one will be in there right now because he's still at dinner. Once anyone finds out you used it, you'll already be gone."

Draco nods down at the stairwell, in the direction of Severus's office.

"You're brilliant," Harry says, and means it. He turns and heads down the stairs.

"You cannot be serious about leaving school," Draco protests, following on Harry's heels. "What did that letter say?"

"You-Know-Who invited me to go to the Ministry if I want to find out... something...." Harry trails off. He doesn't particularly want to share the details of the prophecy with Draco. "Which I do want. And he said his servants will be there to help me and he guaranteed my safety, so why shouldn't I go?"

Harry pushes open the door to Severus's office. It is unlocked. Harry glances over at Draco. Draco's eyes are enormous.

"You trust him?" Draco sputters.

Harry enters Severus's office and looks around. There is no fire in the hearth. Harry does not see a jar of Floo powder sitting on the mantel either.

"Professor Snape trusts him to keep his word, and I trust Professor Snape, so yeah, I guess," Harry says distractedly. "Where do you think the Floo powder is?"

"I should not be helping you," Draco mutters, but he goes to Severus's desk, opens a drawer, and takes out a small jar, which he hands to Harry.

Harry sets the letter face-up on Severus's desk, taking care to leave the parchment open and the writing visible. At least if something goes wrong tonight, Severus will know where Harry went. Harry takes the jar of Floo powder from Draco, throws it on the hearth, and green flames roar into life.

"Er," Harry says, then looks at Draco again. "What address do I say?"

Draco rolls his eyes, steps into the flames himself, and shouts, "Ministry of Magic!"

Harry stares open mouthed as Draco spins in the flames and disappears. Since when did Harry invite Draco to go along?!

Shaking off his surprise and annoyance, Harry quickly copies him and steps into the flames.

 

Harry emerges from the grate into a large, deserted atrium. It is cavernous, and the noise of the Floo travel is still echoing across the room as Harry looks around.

"Impressive," Harry comments to Draco, who is dusting off his robes and looks smug. "But why are you coming with me?"

"I don't trust you to deal with Death Eaters and the Dark Lord," Draco says superciliously. "You'll open your big mouth and get into trouble. Have you even met him before?"

"No," Harry answers. "Um, unless you count when I was a baby." Or when Harry sort-of faced Quirrell. Or when Harry spoke to that portrait. Harry says none of that out loud.

"You have to bow, and call him 'my Lord,'" Draco says, lowering his voice and injecting a sense of urgency.

Harry thinks he would probably rather die than bow to his parents' murderer and call him 'Lord,' and Harry is positive that was not a term of their truce, but Harry keeps this thought to himself as well.

"I know you think you're hot stuff, but he's not someone to mess around with and Snape can't save you if you do," Draco continues.

"I don't think I'm hot stuff!" Harry protests, his voice louder than Draco's. It echoes around the room.

"Shh," Draco urges. "Shut up. Look, let's just do this. Where do we go in the Ministry?"

"The lower levels," Harry answers promptly. "Er... where is that?"

"See, you'd be utterly lost without me," Draco preens. He turns and makes his way to the far end of the hall, where there is a set of lifts. Draco calls one, and they ride down a floor. A voice announces, "Department of Mysteries," and they emerge into a plain corridor without windows or doors.

It is as deserted as the atrium.

"Where now?" Draco asks, his voice a little smaller.

"I have no idea," Harry says, and takes out his wand.

"We're underage and still have the Trace on us," Draco protests. Harry does not feel the need to tell Draco that Severus removed the Trace from Harry years ago.

In spite of his objection, Draco takes out his own wand and peers down the hall. Without warning, without a sound, a form melts out of the shadows. Harry can make out a black-robed person wearing a mask, who also has a wand out.

Harry whips up his wand around to face the mysterious figure. His heart is beating wildly.

"Harry Potter," says a man's gravelly voice. "How good of you to come." The figure inclines his head towards Harry. "And... Draco Malfoy," he continues smoothly. "Your father will be... surprised to see you here."

Draco flushes. "Dolohov," he greets the Death Eater, his tone flat. "My father is here?"

"Indeed," Dolohov replies. "Let's not keep him waiting."

Dolohov gestures for Harry and Draco to precede him down the corridor. Gripping his wand tightly, Harry walks. His mind is racing. He is sure Dolohov is the name of one of the Death Eaters who recently escaped from Azkaban. Dolohov probably knows more Dark Magic than Harry will ever learn about defensive spells in his whole life. Having private lessons with Severus this year has made Harry overconfident. It was stupid and reckless of Harry to have come here—

Harry is jolted out of his train of thought when they reach the end of the corridor and find a plain black door. With a start, he recognizes the door that haunted his dreams before he learned Occlumency.

Harry's nervousness switches to excitement as the door swings open at his approach. He always wanted to know what was behind that door.

They enter a large, circular room. Everything is black, including the floor and ceiling and the doors.

"Hall of Prophecy," intones Dolohov's voice behind Harry. The doors spin around them, and when they come to a stop, Dolohov pushes the door open and gestures for Harry to go through.

Harry enters a room that looks endless—long shelves holding sparkling balls of light as far as he can see.

"This way," Dolohov murmurs, and the three of them start walking, passing shelf after shelf. Harry's eyes dart everywhere, taking in as much of it as he can. Beside him, Draco's breathing is fast and shallow.

Dolohov turns abruptly down an aisle, walks a little ways, and comes to a stop in front of the shelves. Harry squints at the shelf of glass balls, which look much like all the others.

"What about it?" Harry asks.

Dolohov points at one of the spheres, and Harry looks at it more closely. There is a small label underneath the glass orb. The label has the date of "Saturday, May 10, 1980," and the words:

    S.P.T to A.P.W.B.D
    Dark Lord
    and (?) Harry Potter

"What is it?" Harry asks in a whisper.

"The prophecy you wanted to know more about," Dolohov says dispassionately. "Take it."

Harry peers at Dolohov suspiciously. "You take it," he counters.

Draco elbows Harry sharply in the ribs. "Don't be daft, Potter," Draco says in a strained voice. So, around Death Eaters, Harry was back to 'Potter,' was he? "Only the subjects of the prophecy can lift them from the shelves without suffering madness."

"You-Know-Who could have come here himself, then," Harry responds, feeling distinctly unimpressed by the entire thing.

"The Dark Lord, walk into the Ministry of Magic himeslf?" Dolohov asks, a sneer twisting his voice.

At that moment, something else melts out of the shadows—another person dressed in black robes and a mask.

"Draco!" the figure exclaims. "What the hell are you doing here?"

Draco flushes bright red again. He fidgets with his wand. "Hello, Father," he says awkwardly.

"I asked him to come along," Harry says swiftly. He does not understand the impulse to defend Draco by lying, but he does it anyway. "Hey, how many of you are there down here?"

Lucius Malfoy reaches up and rips his mask and hood off his head. He is glaring at Harry. He looks extremely angry. "You convinced my son to play truant from Hogwarts and come trespass in the Ministry," he spits out.

Dolohov clears his throat. "Malfoy, focus."

Malfoy does not look any less livid as he spears Dolohov with an ugly look, but he swallows whatever he was about to say next. He nods, then reaches out and places a hand on Draco's shoulder protectively. Draco's eyes are glued to the ground.

"Well," Harry says, trying to sound bright. "I'd like to retrieve the prophecy and listen to it in private, please."

"Don't even think about it, Potter," Malfoy hisses. "Take it down and give it to us."

Harry stares at Malfoy. He cannot believe Malfoy would expect him to fall for something like that. "I don't think so," Harry says slowly. "I don't believe for a second that You-Know-Who wants all of you listening to this thing."

Draco makes a strangled sound in his throat. Harry doesn't take his eyes off Malfoy senior.

"You are correct, Potter," Malfoy says eventually, reluctance dripping from his voice. "Hand the prophecy to me and I will deliver it to the Dark Lord."

Harry barks out a sharp laugh. "So I don't get to hear what it says? No thank you. I suppose we'll just be leaving it here, then. Unless one of you fancies a bout of madness."

Malfoy's jaw tightens. "I'm sure the Dark Lord will share the contents of the prophecy with you," he says, though it sounds like it pains him to say this.

"Yeah, right," Harry says. "He might, if he likes what it says. But he never promised to share it with me, and your word isn't binding on him." Voldemort underscored that lesson for Harry during their chat in third year, and Harry isn't likely to ever forget it. Harry crosses his arms against his chest. "No. I'm going back to Hogwarts."

Harry suddenly feels a wand digging into the back of his shirt, but he refuses to give them the satisfaction of flinching. He uncrosses his arms and raises his own wand at Malfoy, although he has no idea what he would cast, and he knows with certainty he and Draco can't take on two adult Death Eaters.

If Draco would even be on Harry's side.

"Take the prophecy," Dolohov hisses behind Harry.

"I know he has ordered you not to harm me," Harry says. His wand is shaking a little, but his voice is not. 

"We won't harm you," snarls Malfoy, "but we will force you to cooperate if we have to."

Harry scoffs, but he has no chance to react when he hears Dolohov utter, "Imperio."

Calm sweeps over him, but Harry digs in his feet and rebels against the calm with everything he has. A voice in his head tells him to move his arm, and it's soothing and it sounds good, but Harry refuses. He trips over something and ends up falling. His elbow hits the ground hard, and his glasses go flying.

Pain floods his senses; the blissfulness of the Imperius Curse is gone.

Harry smothers the reckless impulse to break into laughter. "I suppose Barty Crouch forgot to tell you he taught me to resist that one," Harry says breathlessly, high on the accomplishment of successfully throwing off the Curse under pressure in the field.

Draco is kneeling next to Harry. His face is paler than Harry has ever seen it. His hand shaking a little, Draco offers Harry his glasses and helps him stand up. Aside from his bruised elbow, Harry feels fine.

Lucius Malfoy takes a deep breath. He looks like he wants to throw a fit, but he doesn't.

"I'll make you a deal, Potter," Malfoy says evenly. "If you take the orb, we will return to the atrium together and summon the Dark Lord. You can then deal with him directly."

Harry narrows his eyes. "I thought he wasn't coming into the Ministry."

"The atrium is not too much of a risk," Malfoy answers. "He can Disapparate directly from there in an emergency. But of course, I cannot force him to come. If he does not, you and I will be at a stalemate again."

Harry thinks about it. A stalemate would turn into a battle that Malfoy could win easily. But the idea of dealing with Voldemort directly has a certain appeal, and Harry does want to know what the prophecy says. "I get to hold the prophecy. You will not try to take it from me until he comes."

"Or tells me he will not come," Malfoy says evenly.

"Agreed," Harry says.

"Agreed."

Harry takes a deep breath, then reaches out and picks up the prophecy.

Nothing happens. It is just a lightweight glass ball sitting in his hand.

Malfoy eyes it greedily, but he keeps his word and does not try to take it from Harry. The four of them leave the shelves, and when they are back in the main aisle, a number of other figures melt out of the shadows to surround them.

Harry swallows hard. There are a lot more than two Death Eaters down here. As they reveal themselves and accompany the group back up to the atrium, Harry counts eleven in addition to Dolohov and Malfoy.

That is a lot of Death Eaters. Harry might be in very, very large trouble if the discussion with Voldemort goes poorly. Still—Harry believes in the truce Voldemort originally promised to Severus, in exchange for freedom from the portrait.

Harry believes in it because Severus believes in it, he chants to himself, and Harry trusts Severus.

"Hullo, Harry," says an unmasked Death Eater appearing out of the gloom. He has very pale skin scattered with freckles, and messy, ungroomed hair approximately the color of straw. He seems young, probably about Severus's age. He is grinning at Harry lopsidedly. "I didn't realize you knew about me. Well done, though, I'm quite proud."

Very startled to be so addressed, Harry gapes at the Death Eater. As far as Harry knows, they are complete strangers to one another.

At this reaction, the Death Eater tilts back his head and laughs uproariously. "How is it that you gave me credit for teaching you to resist the Imperius without knowing who I was?"

Harry casts a puzzled glance at Draco, a silent plea for help.

"That is Barty Crouch," Draco offers. "I didn't know you two knew each other."

"Oh, jeez," Harry says, and whips his head back around to stare at Barty. "You, er, look different from what I expected."

Barty still looks extremely amused as they make their way back through the maze of rooms and corridors. "Ah, I see what happened. Severus told you who I was, but you had no idea what the real me looked like."

Harry nods, still exceedingly taken aback by how different Barty looks compared to the grizzled old Auror, Mad-Eye Moody.

"What are you two on about?" Draco asks indignantly as they all queue for the lifts.

"It's not a secret," Barty says amiably. He seems perfectly delighted to find himself in the Ministry late at night with Harry Potter on a secret mission for Voldemort. "I'm surprised your father didn't tell you. I was impersonating Alastor Moody, using Polyjuice, your entire fourth year of school." He puffs out his chest as the lift doors clang open. "It was all thanks to me that the Dark Lord successfully returned to a body."

"Oh," Draco says, his eyes very wide. Harry and Draco are joined in their lift by Lucius Malfoy, Antonin Dolohov, Barty Crouch, and a masked Death Eater Harry doesn't recognize.

"So was it you who killed Crouch senior? And how did you get away from Hogwarts without Dumbledore noticing, at the end of the year?" Harry asks curiously, since he's wondered about that ever since.

Barty grins, showing all his teeth. "Of course I killed him. It was a great honor."

Harry eyes Barty uncomfortably at that, his stomach churning.

"And as for that night at the end of the year, Dumbledore was too distracted to notice what I was doing. I ran for it as soon as I saw that Karkaroff was working with Dumbledore," Barty admits, sounding a bit more subdued. "We were quite thoroughly betrayed. I admit I should have seen that one coming."

"He will get his just desserts sooner or later," Lucius Malfoy says officiously.

No one responds to that, not even Barty, and the lift doors clang open to reveal the Atrium.

Malfoy leads everyone to the center of the Atrium, and stops next to the fountain with golden statues. He seems to steel himself. He lifts up the sleeve of his left robe, revealing an ugly red tattoo that—as Severus described—mirrors exactly the Dark Mark in the sky over the World Cup.

Malfoy presses his finger to his Mark, and it turns jet black. Malfoy and Harry shudder in unison.

Then Malfoy turns, looking startled, as one of the fireplaces lining the wall lights up with green flames. The Floo is clearly not how he expected Lord Voldemort to enter the Ministry.

It is not Voldemort.

Out of the fireplace steps Dolores Umbridge. And behind her comes Severus Snape.
Chapter 42: The Battle at the Ministry
Notes:

    Click on the end notes if you want spoilers/warnings for the chapter.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Back at Hogwarts, about ten minutes earlier, Severus is enjoying the remains of his dessert and watches the Great Hall slowly clear out. His peaceful musings on the end of another term are interrupted by that hag, Umbridge.

"Professor Snape," she scowls. "There are you! I got word that someone used your Floo connection to go to the Ministry, and I have been looking for you everywhere to see why you would authorize such a thing. Don't you know you need my permission to use your Floo?"

Severus stares blankly at her, then slowly raises an eyebrow. "I have been here since dinner started, Professor," he says, enunciating carefully as though speaking to an idiot. "Whoever used my Floo, I assure you it was not me."

Umbridge flushes. "Then who did? Who has access to your Floo?"

"Anyone who is foolish enough to enter my office and search for Floo powder without my permission would have access," Severus says, his lip curling.

"Come help me catch them," Umbridge orders peremptorily. 

Chasing after truant students off Hogwarts property is not in his job description. But Severus gives a very put-upon sigh, and rises slowly. "Very well," he drawls, as though doing Umbridge a massive favor. 

He and Umbridge make their way down to Severus's office. Umbridge is quivering in excitement at the idea of catching a student in flagrant violation of the rules, but Severus deliberately slows down his pace, simply to annoy her.

"Hurry up, Snape," Umbridge snaps as he makes a show out of unlocking and opening his office door. It was not locked, but she doesn't need to know that.

They enter the office together and Umbridge peers at the fireplace. "Your Floo powder is not exactly hard to find," she announces triumphantly, pointing to the jar on the mantle. 

"It normally lives in my desk drawers," Severus explains, his composure unruffled. "I suppose the thief rifled through them and found it." 

Speaking of his desk—it holds a piece of parchment that Severus certainly did not leave there. He walks behind the desk and bends down on the pretense of examining the drawers, summoning the parchment silently to his hand, where Umbridge cannot see it.

"Yes, these have been disturbed," Severus says out loud as he reads the letter.

His years of lying to both Voldemort and Dumbledore serve him well. Severus remains completely impassive and does not react as he reads the letter, although it turns his insides cold.

"Well," Severus says, straightening up. He does not see any way of getting rid of Umbridge, and she is irrelevant at this point. He needed to be at the Ministry fifteen minutes ago. "Shall we follow them through, then, and catch them red handed?"

"Certainly," Umbridge says gleefully. She tosses powder on the fireplace and steps through with a cry of "Ministry of Magic!"

Severus takes five seconds to send his Patronus with a message to Minerva—Harry went to the Ministry of Magic, it sounds like a trap set by the Dark Lord, please come with the Order as quickly as you can—and steps through the flames himself, his wand ready at hand.  

 

"How dare you!" Umbridge is shrieking, upon her arrival in the Ministry atrium. She draws her wand, but the Death Eaters gathered in the hall are much faster than she is. Umbridge is hit with three different jets of green light, and she falls to the ground before she can cast a single spell.

Severus winces and ducks back into the fireplace, but no spells are heading his way. Ah—of course—the Death Eaters here think he is one of them. Severus takes a deep breath and composes himself. He walks forward, and approaches the crowd. He does not see Harry anywhere.

Just as Severus is realizing he does not see Voldemort either, the Dark Lord appears, popping into existence by the fountain in the middle of the hall. 

Heart in his throat, Severus pushes through the crowd of Death Eaters and shoulders his way to the fountain. The Death Eaters allow him to push them aside without retaliation, although one of them clucks at him reproachfully as Severus elbows him in the ribs.

Severus can hear Voldemort's cold, high voice but cannot make out the words until he is close enough to see everyone standing in front of the fountain. Voldemort and Lucius Malfoy are speaking to each other. Facing them are Harry and Draco, standing close to each other and a little apart from everyone else.

Severus wastes no more time. He steps up briskly and stands in between the children and the Dark Lord. They look sound enough to Severus's eye, and he does not waste the time to ask them what is going on. He focuses on Voldemort.

"Very well," Voldemort is saying to Lucius. "I do not think there is anything else you could have done."

Lucius, who for some reason is not wearing his Death Eater mask, preens at this faint approval from his master.

Voldemort turns to Severus. "Welcome to the party, dear Severus," Voldemort says. Despite the appellation, his voice does not hold a trace of warmth or softness. "Harry and I are going to listen to the prophecy that is about ourselves. No one else will be able to listen. Please do not interfere."

Severus's heart is in his throat. Does he want Voldemort to know the missing lines of the prophecy? Dumbledore has never given Severus the slightest indication of what they might say.

Harry takes the choice out of Severus's hands—again—and slides around Severus. "Sorry, Professor," Harry says apologetically.

Harry holds out the glass orb. "Ready?" Harry asks Voldemort.

"Ready," Voldemort says gravely, and waves his wand through the air. A buzzing fills Severus's ears, and he is momentarily displeased to hear his own spell used against him. But he does not try to counter it.

Harry drops the orb on the ground. A ghostly figure emerges out of it—it's the shade of a much younger Professor Trelawney. Her mouth moves, but Severus cannot hear a word she says.

The look on Voldemort's face as he listens to her prophecy changes from calm disinterest, into a more profound interest, and finally morphs into... fear. Which then transforms into an expression of sheer rage. 

Voldemort's eyes flash more brightly red than ever, he lifts his wand towards Harry, and his mouth opens.

Severus has no time to think it through. He launches himself forward, tackling Voldemort to the ground. If Voldemort casts a spell, it goes wild as Voldemort flies to the ground, Severus landing heavily on top of him. Voldemort feels so very fragile underneath Severus, and Severus has a fraction of a second to be concerned that he is hurt—

Then about five pairs of rough, strong hands are hauling Severus off of Voldemort, lifting him to his feet and forcing his wand hand away from his body. 

"What the fuck, Snape," someone grunts in his ear—it sounds like Macnair—and someone else knees Severus in the stomach. Severus instinctively tries to double over and heave, but the grip on his shoulders and arms is too strong; he cannot move.

"Stop," Voldemort wheezes. He is rolling over and rising to his feet, ignoring a Death Eater's outstretched hand. He gestures at the Death Eaters holding Severus. "Stop, do not hurt him."

Severus regains his breath and casts a spell that sends a current of electricity over his skin. The Death Eaters all yelp and let go of him at once. Severus hurries back to Harry's side, where he is for some reason joined by Lucius.

Ah, right—Harry is still standing next to Draco. The boys are clinging to one another's hands, although Severus does not think they realize it. At least Harry has his wand in his other hand and pointed in the general direction of... everybody.

"Stop fighting," Voldemort repeats, between labored breathing. His right hand has his wand pointed towards Severus, but his left hand is wrapped around his ribs, as though he is in pain. His voice is weak and Severus can barely hear him, but he is obeyed very thoroughly. Despite the dozen wands pointed in Severus's direction, no one casts a spell.

Voldemort coughs, and takes a step towards Severus and Harry. He seems on the verge of speech, but at that same instant, a dozen or more 'pops' of Apparition sound, and witches and wizards appear out of thin air throughout the atrium. 

It is the members of the Order of the Phoenix. 

Voldemort and the Death Eaters turn immediately to face this new threat. Shouting and lights from twenty different spells fill the hall. Severus ignores everyone else and grips Harry's shoulder. 

"We're leaving, Harry," Severus says shortly. Side-Along Apparition is a difficult feat, when the person you wish to take does not himself know how to Apparate. But Severus is skilled at magic, and he is sure he can manage it. "Brace yourself and don't let go of me—"

Severus ducks and pulls Harry down as a spell whizzes over them. Lucius's hand claps down on Severus's shoulder hard, stopping him from straightening back up all the way. "You're not taking my son wherever it is you're going," Lucius snarls. "Draco, let go of him."

Draco hastily drops Harry's hand like it has burned him, emits a high-pitched squeal, and tries to hide behind his father. As the fight is on all sides of them, this is ineffective.

Severus clutches Harry to him and prepares to Disapparate, but his concentration is interrupted when the ground beneath their feet explodes. Severus abandons his attempt to Disapparate, gripping Harry more tightly and casting a shield charm to prevent the debris from injuring the two of them. It works, but the combined force of the explosion and his own shield charm jettison both of them backwards. They are flung against the edge of the fountain and collapse in a tangled pile. 

Shrill screams can be heard over the noise of the Order and the Death Eaters shouting spells at each other.

"You have to tell him," Harry stammers out, coughing in between his words. "Tell him the minute you can."

"Tell him what?" Severus asks, deflecting another curse headed their way. He uses the rubble from the exploded floor they were standing on, Transfiguring it into a small barrier to stand in between them and the rest of the fight.

"That I'm a... you-know-what. Please swear you'll tell him," Harry says, with strange vehemence.

Harry and Severus struggle to their feet, and Harry impresses Severus by aiming a loud 'Protego' over Severus's shoulder and stopping whatever had been cast at his back.

"Okay," Severus answers, "I will, but why—what did the prophecy say—"

Severus's barrier explodes. A barrage of spells comes his way, and he manages to dodge and deflect them back at their caster. A wild, insane laugh bubbles out of his opponent and Severus recognizes Bellatrix Lestrange's signature sound.

"I knew you were a traitor all along, Snape," she gloats. "Imagine how the Dark Lord will reward me when I—"

Severus sends a stunning spell at her, which she cackles and dodges. But another Death Eater distracts Severus by shooting a few spells at Harry, and Severus casts a shield charm simultaneously with Harry.

The shield only protects Harry, and Bellatrix's curse lands directly on Severus's legs.

Sheer agony takes over. Severus collapses to the ground, blinded by pain, and lets out a terrible scream. Every bone in his legs is on fire, and tears spring to his eyes. He cannot see or think through the pain, and Harry is shouting something at his side.

Severus bites down on his tongue, hard, and concentrates until the blackness recedes from his vision. He drags his arm over his eyes, rubbing away the tears, and clutches his wand and rolls over to face the fight again.

Harry is dueling Bellatrix, and somehow, he's not losing—yet. She taunts Harry in a high-pitched voice, and Severus shoots another curse at her—a nastier one this time, his own signature slicing curse—but she somehow dodges the curse and fires off a spell at Harry at the same time.

This spell lands, and Harry collapses to the ground.

"Fuck, no, fuck," Severus swears, and tries to sit up. He cannot manage it; the agony shooting through him when he jostles anything in his legs nearly blinds him again.

Bellatrix is laughing, but she is distracted when an Order member—Severus recognizes the Auror, Kingsley Shacklebolt—rushes in to engage her in a duel.

Severus casts a spell on himself that paralyzes him from the waist down. Without time to examine himself, he does not know how to reverse what Bellatrix did, and the paralysis spell means he cannot walk, but at least it instantly cuts off the agonizing, debilitating pain. Using his elbow, Severus drags himself over to Harry, and feels his chest. It is steady, rising and falling, and the boy is definitely alive.

"Rennervate," Severus mutters, but Harry doesn't stir. Whatever curse this was, it wasn't a simple stunning spell.

Severus can barely think rationally anymore, but he still knows he must prioritize getting Harry out of here. Away the battlefield, he can fix all of this.

"What happened?" a voice murmurs over Severus's shoulder.

Severus gives a startled jerk, angry that he let someone sneak up on him, and whips his head around to look.

"Dumbledore," Severus breathes in relief, relaxing. "I don't know. Bellatrix did not say the incantation aloud. It's not a stunning spell. Can you Apparate away with him?"

"I don't quite dare, not unless I know what curse she used," Dumbledore says, shaking his head. "It could kill him."

Severus nods; that could be true.

"Watch my back," Dumbledore murmurs, as he crouches over Harry's prone form, passes his wand over Harry, and starts muttering.

Severus does. He uses the rubble and more shield charms to deflect the spells that come their way. He sees Lucius again out of the corner of his eye, but Lucius does nothing threatening, merely hovers. Oddly, Draco is no longer with him.

Severus hopes that means Draco made it out of here safely.

Severus loses track of Lucius as his attention is caught by a tall, thin figure in dark robes with glowing white skin and gleaming red eyes, appearing out of the gloom over Dumbledore's shoulder.

Dumbledore is focused on Harry and does not see anything. "According to my tests, I believe it is safe to Apparate with him," Dumbledore is saying. "It would be the most prudent course at the moment to—" 

Severus and Voldemort's eyes meet.

Voldemort's wand is pointed at Dumbledore.

Watch my back, Dumbledore had said.

Severus watches as a jet of green light leaves Voldemort's wand and hits Dumbledore.

Dumbledore dies instantly, his body collapsing on top of Harry's. A scream builds in Severus's chest, but it sticks in his throat. Somewhere behind him, someone else does scream.

Voldemort stoops and picks up Dumbledore's wand where it fell away from stilled fingers. Then he is gone as swiftly as he appeared.

"Bloody hell, that's one scary fucker," says a voice in Severus's ear, and Severus jumps again to be taken off guard. He turns his head. It is Lucius Malfoy, but it doesn't sound remotely like Lucius Malfoy. Nor is this person wearing Death Eater robes.

"Who the hell are you?" Severus snarls and points his wand at not-Lucius.

"Tonks," says Lucius, and Severus realizes it does sound exactly like Tonks's voice. 

"Can you get Harry out of here?" Severus asks. "If I Disapparate in this state I'll leave my own legs behind."

"No problem," Tonks says. "The Order knows this is me, and the Death Eaters are leaving me alone because they think I'm one of them. I'm pretty safe like this."

"What happened to the real Lucius?"

"I saw him leaving with his son," Tonks says. "Doubt his boss will be very happy about that, but that's his problem."

"Where will you take Harry?"

With Harry unconscious, he cannot give anyone the secret of Grimmauld Place.

"My mum's," Tonks answers, and Severus nods in approval.

Tonks bends down, slides Harry out from under Dumbledore, scoops the boy into her arms, and stands up. As she predicted, no spells come her way from any quarter. She focuses, then turns on the spot and Disapparates.

Severus looks up as a new round of shouting comes from the fireplaces. As Severus watches, the Minister for Magic and various Ministry officials and Aurors pour into the atrium. Everyone is screaming at each other, and it is utter chaos.

The Death Eaters start to Disapparate; they have clearly been ordered to retreat. Severus has no interest in facing the Ministry, and so he grits his teeth and cancels the petrification spell on his legs. Searing agony shoots through his entire body the moment he does, but it is better than Splinching his legs during Disapparition because he couldn't feel them—or worse, going to Azkaban.

He is about to try Disapparating from his sitting position—which is a difficult task to manage even in the absence of crippling pain—when Voldemort is suddenly at his side. 

Voldemort picks up Severus in his arms, carefully and tenderly, and Disapparates them together.
Notes:

    Warnings/summary: Umbridge dies, there is a bit of canon-typical fighting and violence, Severus and Harry are injured, Dumbledore dies.

Chapter 43: An Unpleasant Discovery
Chapter Text

Severus and Voldemort appear inside the sitting room of Malfoy Manor. Voldemort has performed Side-Along Apparition perfectly, of course; Severus's legs—and everything else—are still attached.

Voldemort strides across the room, Death Eaters moving aside for him, and deposits Severus on the sofa. Voldemort straightens up, then moves to stand in the center of the room. He surveys the Death Eaters. Most of them have taken off their masks, and Severus starts to identify them. He is startled by the large number of Azkaban escapees, although he should not be.

"Tonight was a success," Voldemort says. His voice is soft, but it carries throughout the very silent room.

A few of the Death Eaters break out in smiles and start to exchange congratulatory nods.

"Dumbledore is dead," Voldemort announces, and the room falls silent again.

Severus's mind replays, quite unwillingly, the green flash of light and Dumbledore collapsing, while Severus watched. And did nothing.

It is Bellatrix who is brave enough to cheer, and shoot sparks into the air with her wand. Voldemort gives a thin smile, and allows a few minutes of celebration.

"Yes," he says eventually, and everyone immediately stops talking and laughing. "And I secured the weapon I have been after all year, the prophecy which does not foretell my downfall. It speaks of my inevitable ascendancy over my enemies!"

Right on cue, all the Death Eaters cheer and slap each other on the back. Everyone is in a very good mood, because it seems like Voldemort is in a very good mood.

"On the other hand," Voldemort says, silencing everyone again. "The Minister saw us. We must prepare ourselves to fight this war in earnest, out in the open."

No one responds to this out loud, but a few Death Eaters nod to themselves as though Voldemort has said something very sage.

"For tonight..." Voldemort says, and then gives another little smile. "Tonight is for celebrating. Lucius, your finest food and drink, if you please."

Hearty, raucous cheers break out at this. Voldemort waves his hand dismissively through the air, signaling his speech is at an end. Lucius is suddenly the center of attention. The room grows much noisier, and Voldemort approaches Severus on the sofa.

"What happened to you?" Voldemort murmurs, looking down at Severus with an air of pity.

"Bellatrix hit me in the legs with a bone-eating curse, and she cursed Harry with something," Severus explains. The pain is still nearly overwhelming, and Severus has focused on regulating his breathing in an attempt to control the pain. It is not helping.

"Did she," Voldemort murmurs. He stares at Severus for another second, then abruptly turns and walks away. Severus watches him say something to Russ Avery, then join Bellatrix on the other side of the room. Avery goes to disappear through the Floo, and shortly thereafter, Voldemort and Bellatrix leave the room through the door.

Severus does not cast the paralysis spell again. He is not a Healer and does not know how to be safe about it. Sheer desperation drove him to do it the first time; he will not be driven reckless by pain to do it a second time.

Nor does he want to render himself unconscious while in this room full of about-to-be-intoxicated Death Eaters.

He clenches his hands into fists, bites down hard on his lip, and breathes through the pain.

Severus does not have long to wait before Avery returns through the Floo with his mother, Erlinda Avery, who is a Healer. Avery picks Severus up—he is so strong, Severus barely registers as weight—and carries him down the hall to a guest room. Avery deposits Severus on the bed, and Erlinda gives him something to drink.

Severus trusts Erlinda Avery as much as he trusts anyone in this world. He drinks deeply, and loses consciousness.

 

Harry wakes up to see Bellatrix Lestrange hovering over him.

Harry yelps and bolts upright, scrambling for his wand.

Lestrange backs up, giving Harry a small smile, and Harry realizes it is not Bellatrix Lestrange at all. She has the same facial features, the same eyes, the same mouth, the same hair—but she looks... less like someone who would gloat over Harry's death.

"Who are you?" Harry asks.

"Andromeda Tonks," the woman answers, holding out a hand. Harry notices that Tonks—the young Auror Harry met last summer—is standing next to her, with a sunny smile on her face.

"Oh," Harry breathes, taking Andromeda's hand and shaking it. "You're Tonks's mum. Narcissa and Bellatrix's sister."

"That I am," Andromeda agrees, and then holds something else out to Harry. It is his wand. Harry accepts it with a murmured thanks.

"Someone put a pretty nasty sleeping hex on you," Andromeda explains. "It's a classic Black family spell I learned as a girl. At home, not at Hogwarts."

"Yeah, it was Bellatrix who cast it," Harry mutters.

"Of course it was," Andromeda says with a slight frown. "Happily, I know the countercurse. And Dora told me everything that happened this evening."

Harry wonders who 'Dora' is, until he remembers Tonks's first name is Nymphadora. Harry nods at Tonks.

"Where am I?" Harry asks.

"My house," Andromeda says. "My daughter brought you here and said she did not know where else to go."

"Who won the fight?" Harry asks.

"Ah," says Tonks, looking deeply unhappy. "Well..."

Harry stares at her. "The Death Eaters won?" Harry asks in disbelief.

"Not exactly, no," Tonks says hurriedly. "I heard from my coworkers—the Aurors—that they appeared and the Death Eaters retreated. But—" Tonks hesitates, takes a deep breath, then continues. "Dumbledore is dead."

It feels like a punch to the gut.

Dumbledore is dead.

There is nothing in between Voldemort and magical Britain.

Except, if that stupid prophecy is to be believed... Harry himself.

Either must die...

Harry slams the door on that train of thought. "How did he die?"

This question makes Tonks look shifty, for some reason. She clears her throat and then takes a while to answer. "He was distracted by something, and You-Know-Who got him with a Killing Curse in the back."

It feels like this isn't the full story, but Harry isn't comfortable enough to press her. "What happened to Professor Snape?" he asks instead.

"I am not sure," Tonks says. "Ah... unfortunately, I would guess the Death Eaters have him. When I left, they had him surrounded. In fact, the two of you were surrounded the entire time. I wanted to get you out much sooner, but I had to be sneaky about it."

"Yeah," Harry says shortly. He refuses to be worried about the idea of Severus in the Death Eaters' hands. Not yet. Not until he has more information. "Did anyone else die?"

"Umbridge," says Tonks.

"Oh, I saw that," Harry says, and reminds himself he shouldn't be feeling happy about it. "How'd you get me out of there?"

For answer, Tonks scrunches up her nose, and her features flow and reshape themselves and her hair turns silver until she looks exactly like Lucius Malfoy.

Harry laughs, delighted at the show. Tonks laughs as well, then lets her features fall back into the ones Harry thinks of as her natural looks. "Well done," Harry says. "What happened to the real Malfoy?"

"He skived out early with his kid," Tonks says with a shrug. "I'm sure they're safe and happy at home, as long as he doesn't face retribution from that boss of his."

Harry scratches at his ear and wonders how much to say. "Draco is my friend," he finally admits.

"Is he?" Tonks asks, looking stunned. "I always thought he seemed like a right pain in the arse."

"Well, yeah," Harry admits. "But we... kind of understand each other better now, and I... would you let me use the Floo to call him and see if he's ok?"

Andromeda and Tonks look at each other.

"Well, I can open the Floo to their house since I'm an Auror," Tonks says slowly, "but I don't know if I should. Dumbledore suspects—suspected—that You-Know-Who is using their house as one of his bases."

"But it's 4 am," Harry protests, looking at his watch. "No one will be awake over there, not even dark lords. Plus, I know the house-elf, and he'll tell me if Draco's all right, I don't need to talk to anyone else."

"I understand you're worried about your friend, Harry, but...."

"He also might know what happened to Snape," Harry pleads with her.

"Fuck," Tonks swears, then apologizes to Harry for swearing. "All right, I'll open a connection and peek through first. If the room's empty, you can swap in and call their house-elf. If anything goes wrong, you get out immediately. And I'll be standing right there, so if someone starts trying to pull you through, I'll cut the connection."

Harry is fascinated by this. "You can pull someone through a Floo?"

"Oh yeah," Tonks says.

"What if I'm halfway through when you cut the connection?"

"You better not be," Tonks says darkly, and Harry is startled into laughter.

Tonks helps Harry get out of bed—he feels fine, perfectly healthy, at most a little tired—and they go to the fireplace.

Tonks reports that the room the Floo connects to is empty. Harry takes her place at the fire, and sticks his head through.

"Kreacher," Harry says softly to the empty room.

He waits only a few seconds until the ancient old house-elf pops into existence. Kreacher stares suspiciously at Harry.

"Master Harry," Kreacher croaks. "What is Master Harry's head doing here?"

"Kreacher, is Draco ok? Is he here?"

"Young Master Malfoy is well, and abed at this hour," Kreacher scowls. "Like all good boys."

"Please, tell him I want to talk to him," Harry begs, heedless of his promise to Tonks that he will only talk to the house-elf.

Kreacher's scowl deepens, but he disappears. Harry waits, the pressure on his knees growing painful, until Kreacher reappears with a Draco in pajamas and tousled hair.

Draco yawns, and crouches down by the fireplace. "Blimey, Harry, you have some nerve calling here. I'm glad you did though. You all right?"

"Yeah," says Harry. "You?"

"Yeah." Draco squirms a little.

"Was your dad still angry at you when you got home?"

"So angry," Draco groans. "I'm grounded for the whole summer."

As Death Eater parent punishments go, that doesn't sound so bad to Harry. "Any word on Snape?"

"No idea," Draco says with a shrug. "I've been hiding in my room, this place gets scary when it's full of Death Eaters and the Dark Lord."

"Young master," Kreacher interjects obsequiously, "Professor Snape is in the guest room just around the corner."

"Is he okay?" Harry asks urgently, leaning forward a little.

"Kreacher does not know," the elf says reproachfully.

Harry turns what he hopes are beseeching eyes on Draco. "Please go check on him for me? Just to see if, I dunno, he's alive and not all bleeding or chained up or whatever Death Eaters do to people who attack You-Know-Who?"

Draco rolls his eyes. "There aren't any chains in our guest bedrooms, Potter."

"You only call me that when you think I'm being stupid," Harry observes.

"You do catch on eventually," Draco drawls. He makes sure to look very put-upon as he does, but he rises and leaves the room to go check on Snape.

He is not gone long. When he returns, he has a very funny look on his face.

"Harry," Draco hisses, crouching down so near the fire that he would be in Harry's personal space, if Harry were really in the fireplace. "Harry, they're cuddling."

"Who is cuddling?" Harry asks, totally lost.

"Snape and the Dark Lord!"

Harry stares, then shakes himself and laughs. "What?"

"Harry, I looked in the room like you asked me to, and not only does Snape look perfectly healthy, he's in bed with the Dark Lord, and neither is wearing a shirt, and the Dark Lord has his arm draped over Severus's chest! They're cuddling!!"

Harry stares.

"I swear I'm not making it up," Draco whimpers. "My eyes are permanently scarred. I'll never get that image out of my head. I'll be on my deathbed, thinking about the afterlife, and—"

"Oh my god, Draco," Harry interrupts him, laughing. "You're having me on."

"I'm not."

"You are."

"Am not," Draco whines.

"But, Draco," Harry protests, "they can't be cuddling. You-Know-Who is like, an evil cartoon villain. He doesn't cuddle."

"Especially not Snape! Who would want to cuddle Snape?"

Harry pouts at Draco. "Severus gives very nice hugs," he feels compelled to say.

Draco screws up his nose. "But you don't cuddle his bare chest."

"Hell no," Harry agrees with vehemence. "Draco, seriously, just tell me it's a joke so I can go back to bed."

"Not a joke," Draco says solemnly.

Harry stares at him and waits for him to fold.

He doesn't.

"Oh my god," Harry whispers. "They're cuddling."
Chapter 44: The Missing Half of the Prophecy
Chapter Text

Severus jolts awake suddenly. He opens his eyes to find himself in a luxurious guest room decorated entirely in red: the sheets on the bed are cherry red, the walls are painted in a muted red, the art on the walls is splashes of red, and the chairs scattered around the room are done in red velvet.

So he is still in Malfoy Manor. Daylight is streaming through the windows at the far end of the room. He isn't sure what woke him. Severus rolls over, and discovers that he is not in bed alone. Voldemort is sleeping next to him, curled up on his side, snoring.

Severus turns the other way and is very relieved to find his wand on the bedside table. He takes it and places it under his pillow, just in case. Then he turns back to look at Voldemort.

His face is peaceful looking, in sleep. It is smooth and practically unlined. His snores are soft and small and almost... cute.

Before he knows what he is doing, Severus props himself up on an elbow and reaches out and traces a finger against Voldemort's cheek.

Voldemort starts awake at once. Severus snatches his hand back.

"Ah, good morning," Voldemort says, opening his eyes and staring at Severus.

"Good morning," Severus replies. "How are you feeling?"

"Fine," Voldemort answers curtly. "How are you feeling? Your legs should be healed. Erlinda advised you may try to walk this morning and to call her for another check before going anywhere."

"Thank you for fetching her for me," Severus says politely.

"Of course," Voldemort says, raising his brow. "And I ensured Bellatrix was suitably punished for attacking you."

"You did?" Severus asks, bemused.

"I staked out in the yard as a snack for the peacocks," Voldemort says, a cruel smile curling his lips.

Severus feels dizzy. "What? Lucius's peacocks eat people?" Surely he misheard that.

"They'll peck at you if you don't defend yourself, and eventually draw blood," Voldemort says, still smiling. "She's still out there. I suppose I'll relieve her at some point."

Severus blinks rapidly, trying to process that. Voldemort punished Bellatrix for Severus?

Severus's chest aches at the thought.

"I'm sorry if I, ah, hurt you yesterday," Severus offers tentatively.

Voldemort snorts. "You did not hurt me."

Severus does not believe that, but he knows better than to question it.

"Did I break our truce?" Severus holds his breath for the answer.

Voldemort does not answer right away. "Severus, who called Dumbledore and his Order to the Ministry last night?"

"I did," Severus admits.

"Why?" Voldemort demands. "You did not trust me to keep my word not to harm Harry?"

Severus has to think about this before answering. At the time, it felt like instinct, the natural move. But Voldemort has a point. Severus has trusted him to keep his word in every other context.

"I suppose Dumbledore's attitude about the prophecy has always frightened me," Severus says slowly. "I did fear you knowing it. And as it turns out... was I entirely wrong?"

Voldemort is equally slow to answer. "You needn't have done it. I would not have harmed the boy."

Severus shakes his head. "I have known you for a long time," he says softly. "I can tell when there is murder in your heart."

And Severus reaches out and places his hand flat against Voldemort's bare chest, right over his beating heart.

"I see," Voldemort says. He pauses, then—"You might be right," he confesses. "It was on the forefront of my mind at that moment." He clears his throat, a bit awkwardly. "I would not have gone through with it. I do not consider either of us to have broken our agreement last night."

"But why did you react that way?" Severus asks urgently. "What did the prophecy say?"

Voldemort is silent for a long time.

"Harry will tell me if you don't," Severus points out.

Voldemort sighs, the motion shifting his chest beneath Severus's hand.

"The Dark Lord will mark him as his equal," Voldemort recites in a murmur, "but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not. And either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives."

Severus sucks in his breath in a sharp intake and withdraws his hand. "No," he says instinctively. "No, that isn't possible."

"I thought on it much last night," Voldemort continues. "I think... I came to the conclusion that Dumbledore invented the whole thing, as a trap for me."

"Um," Severus says. "Well, that's certainly... a theory."

"Think about it," Voldemort urges. "Everything is going wonderfully. I am winning the war. Then this questionable job interview takes place, where you just happen to overhear a prophecy, and it leads me into a trap in Godric's Hollow which it takes me fourteen years to recover from. Then, just as I am back on the brink of victory, I am informed that this child—whom I have promised not to harm—cannot survive alongside me. While we have been living in the same world for almost sixteen years!"

"Dumbledore isn't that powerful," Severus objects. "What does the prophecy have to do with things going wrong in Godric's Hollow?"

"He crafted the prophecy to be about the child of a woman you cared about," Voldemort says, his eyes flashing. "He understood the power of sacrificial magic. And he is setting me up again, even as he dies!"

"I don't buy it," Severus answers, narrowing his eyes. "That requires Dumbledore to have coldly selected a child to potentially die at your hands, on the off-chance that this sacrificial love business would work."

"Don't be naïve, Severus," Voldemort spits. "Dumbledore was capable of that, and worse."

Severus takes a few deep breaths, thinking hard. "Well. I suppose I should encourage you in this theory."

Voldemort laughs.

"If it prevents you from trying to kill Harry, I'm happy," Severus continues.

"I gave you my word," Voldemort says solemnly. He reaches over and puts his hand on Severus's, and squeezes. Voldemort leans in towards Severus, aiming for Severus's lips.

Severus pulls back and jerks his hand away.

"I don't want to have sex," he says plainly. He is suddenly, acutely aware that neither of them are wearing anything except underpants. But Severus feels no sexual desire this morning.

Voldemort narrows his eyes. "You don't?"

"Last time we had sex, you used it to get me in a compromising position and start questioning me on matters you knew I wouldn't want to discuss," Severus says in a rush, the words coming out before he has a chance to consider them.

Voldemort makes an indistinct noise.

"Until you apologize for that and I trust you won't do it again, I'm not interested in sex."

"I see," Voldemort says slowly. He stares at Severus without blinking.

"Er... ironically, on that note, I now want to discuss the thing you asked about back then," Severus adds. "The mental connection."

Voldemort made a small noise of inquiry.

Severus takes a deep breath. "I think you split your soul so many times that when you failed to murder Harry as a baby you turned him into an accidental Horcrux," he says so quickly that even he can barely make sense of the words coming out of his mouth.

Voldemort freezes.

Severus tries to breathe.

It seems to be a lifetime before Voldemort blinks, then speaks.

"Why would you think that?" His voice is surprisingly calm.

"Well, I know you made a Horcrux—probably more than one, if you made a—that thing I can't talk about—into a Horcrux with the intent of using it as a weapon someday."

Voldemort says nothing. Severus plows ahead.

"Harry speaks Parseltongue, and don't tell me he inherited that from either of his parents. He matched with a wand core that is the twin of yours—a feather from the same phoenix. And these visions—Harry slipping into your head in his dreams, across enormous distances—I can't think of anything else to explain it."

Voldemort only continues to stare at Severus. It is quite disconcerting.

"So, you see, you must not kill him," Severus urges. "He has a piece of your soul in him. You risk destroying your own self."

Voldemort closes his eyes and digs into them with his knuckles. They are even redder when he stops and looks at Severus again.

"I suppose that it's... possible," Voldemort agrees cautiously.

"Harry is uninterested in sacrificing himself so as to destroy a piece of your soul," Severus says quickly. "We were never, ever going to tell Dumbledore about this theory."

Voldemort huffs out a breath. "Well. Thank you for that, Severus."

Severus waits a bit, but Voldemort does not say anything else.

"Will you... try to undo it?" Severus asks hesitatingly. "The Horcrux in Harry?"

"How?" Voldemort asks sharply.

Severus looks at him. "There is only one way to undo a Horcrux, isn't there? Remorse."

Voldemort's expression becomes thunderous. He rolls over on his side, turning his back on Severus. He goes completely silent.

"Right," Severus sighs. He turns away from Voldemort.

He takes his wand out from under the pillow, then swings his legs over off the side of the bed, pleased to be able to move them without pain. He eases his weight onto his feet, slowly and gingerly. He stands, feeling out his balance, and walks a few steps to the wall in front of him.

It is more tiring than it should be, but his legs function normally, and he can walk. Severus leans against the wall, and looks back at the bed.

Voldemort's back is still turned.

"I wish to return to Hogwarts now," Severus says firmly. His absence might not be noted yet, amidst the chaos caused by Dumbledore's death, but he still wants to be back there.

Voldemort grunts, and speaks without turning to face Severus. "Erlinda wanted to see you again before you left."

"I'll see a Healer at Hogwarts," Severus snaps, but it is a lie. He feels fine; he does not need a Healer.

Voldemort doesn't say anything else. Severus picks up a robe off the floor—it is the one he was wearing yesterday. He pulls it over his head, makes his way to the door, and opens it. He glances back at Voldemort before leaving. Voldemort's eyes are stubbornly closed.

Severus knows this will not be the last he hears from Voldemort about the Horcrux in Harry Potter, but he thinks—perhaps—that conversation went as well as Severus could have possibly hoped. He leaves the room and softly closes the door behind him.

 

Severus returns to a Hogwarts that is still quiet and sleepy. It is just after six a.m.

Severus consults with a house-elf, who informs him Minerva is in Dumbledore's office. When Severus seeks her out there, he finds her with Flitwick and Sprout.

"Severus!" Sprout exclaims. "Thank god. We were so worried." She reaches out and clasps his elbow warmly, then releases it just as swiftly.

"Has anyone seen Harry?" Severus asks urgently.

"He's here," McGonagall answers. She looks exhausted, her usually neat bun in disarray and dark circles under her eyes. "Auror Tonks brought him by about half an hour ago. I sent him to Pomfrey, although he was claiming he was perfectly fine."

"That sounds like him," Severus says, relaxing slightly. "It sounds like Tonks made it out okay herself then?"

"Yes," McGonagall agrees. "She told us some of what happened—said that she and you witnessed Dumbledore's murder first-hand."

Severus nods, feeling grim. He braces himself to hear whatever Tonks had to say about that.

"She was still in a bit of shock and didn't tell us much," McGonagall says, to Severus's relief. "Nor did she know how we all ended up there—I was hoping to hear that from you."

"Right," Severus says heavily, and falls into a chair. His legs are still feeling weak. "Okay. The story starts fifteen years ago. A prophecy was spoken about the birth of a child with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord. Did Dumbledore tell you about it?"

The other three professors shake their heads.

"The Dark Lord's information about it was incomplete. He knew only the first two lines. No one else knew the rest of it, except Dumbledore." Severus shoots a dark look at the new portrait that has appeared on the wall behind McGonagall. It is Dumbledore, of course. The portrait's eyes are closed.

"The Dark Lord decided the prophecy referred to Harry Potter, and that is why he went after Harry as a baby," Severus continues. "When he was resurrected last year, I believe he was determined to hear the rest of it. Yesterday, he sent Harry a message, explaining about the prophecy and inviting Harry to the Department of Mysteries to listen to the full version."

"And Harry went?" Flitwick asks, sounding horrified.

"Harry has always hated it when adults keep secrets from him," Severus says, slumping a little in his seat and leaning his head against the back of the chair. "I could have told Dumbledore this would happen. Yes, Harry went."

"He is lucky you were right on his tail," McGonagall says sharply.

"He is," Severus agrees. "Although to his credit, he did leave the message from the Dark Lord deliberately in my office for me to find. I had Umbridge dogging my steps, but I was able to send you that Patronus, Minerva."

McGonagall nods. "I went to Dumbledore at once."

"We're all very lucky," Severus concedes. "When I arrived at the Ministry, the Dark Lord and Harry were listening to the prophecy. Whatever he heard in it... made him decide to kill Harry, I think."

Severus purses his lips together, and decides to keep the wording of the prophecy to himself. He feels like Dumbledore, with his secrets and half-truths, but the less the world knows about this rubbish prophecy, the better.

"We started fighting, the Order showed up right on time, and everything descended into chaos. The Dark Lord killed Dumbledore as he was distracted trying to reverse a curse that hit Harry."

Tears seem to spring to McGonagall's eyes, and Sprout makes a little distressed sound. Severus shoots another resentful look at Dumbledore's portrait.

"Shacklebolt said you were taken by Death Eaters after Dumbledore died," McGonagall prods. "How did you make it back here? We've been extremely worried."

"Don't be absurd," Severus says, his voice a bit colder. "I can handle myself."

McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout all exchange raised eyebrows with one another. Severus cannot tell whether they believe him or not.

"Minerva," Severus transitions smoothly, "what is happening at the school today? Have you made an announcement to the students?"

"No," McGonagall replies, only momentarily thrown by the change of subject. "But we've just been discussing it. We will cancel classes for the rest of term. We—"

McGonagall's voice breaks, and Sprout speaks up for her.

"We were planning Dumbledore's funeral," Sprout says stoutly. "It seems the arrangements fall to the school to make. His only living family member is not interested in organizing anything."

Severus listens with only half an ear to the details as Sprout explains when the funeral will be. The scene plays before his eyes again, the green light hitting Dumbledore while Severus does nothing.

Severus did not like Dumbledore. Severus never fully trusted him, and never felt fully trusted in return. Whatever he is feeling, Severus does not think it is grief, exactly. But it is painful nonetheless.

With Dumbledore gone, Britain will be the Dark Lord's within a year.
Chapter 45: A Rift
Chapter Text

Severus does not get a chance to see Harry again for several days. He does not see Harry in class, because classes are canceled. Harry does not come to visit Severus in his rooms. Harry does not talk to Severus during or after Dumbledore's funeral.

Severus fears Harry is expecting a lecture about his rash behavior in haring off to the Department of Mysteries, and is deliberately avoiding Severus.

But when Harry finally knocks on Severus's door the night before the Hogwarts Express leaves, Severus learns the truth.

"Ron invited me to say with his family this summer," Harry says abruptly, without preamble, as he steps into Severus's rooms and closes the door behind him.

"All right," Severus acknowledges.

"The whole summer," Harry adds.

"All right," Severus repeats.

"Did you tell You-Know-Who about the you-know-what?"

"Yes," Severus says. "He agreed it's possible we're correct, but was upset about the idea and did not say much else."

"Did you, er, talk about the prophecy with him?"

Severus nods. "He told me what it says."

"And?" Harry urges.

"He thinks it was faked or manipulated by Dumbledore to defeat him on Halloween."

Harry does a double take. "What? You're having me on."

"No. He's disregarded it as nonsense and plans to continue our truce."

"Oh. Er... okay. Good."

Then Harry gives himself a small shake, and seems to stand up straighter. A fierce light enters his eyes. "Are you sleeping with him?" Harry asks baldly.

Severus is frozen in shock for a moment, then recovers enough to bow his head. "Yes," he says with a heavy sigh. "Technically, the answer to that is yes."

Even if it was only two times.

When Severus looks back up, Harry's expression is hard. "You promised me you would never join him."

Severus clasps his hands in front of him, feeling like a chastised child. "I'm not joining him in his war, Harry," he tries to explain. "I'm not a Death Eater, and I'm not—it's just sex."

"Sex with the person who killed my parents," Harry says fiercely.

Severus has nothing to say to this.

"I'm meeting the Weasleys at King's Cross tomorrow," Harry continues. "You can write to me this summer, if you want."

"Of course," Severus says quietly. He licks his lips, but does not say anything as Harry turns and leaves without another word.

 

When the term ends, Severus makes his annual pilgrimage to Number 4, Privet Drive. This year, he is alone.

He knocks on the front door. It is a while before someone answers. Finally, Petunia opens the door, looking angry.

"Come inside," she snaps. "Let's get this over with."

Severus steps inside the door, and she shuts it forcefully behind him. She marches him into the kitchen and signs the paper he puts on the table.

"Where is the boy? Have you lost him already?" she asks, betraying curiosity despite herself.

"He is at the Weasleys'," Severus answers gravely.

Petunia sniffs. "The family that drives the old Ford Anglia?"

Trust Petunia to remember their car, of all things.

Severus nods and keeps his mouth shut.

Petunia picks up the permission slip off the table, but hesitates before handing it to Severus. "Why did you do it?" she asks, an odd twist to her mouth. "Take a child that isn't yours?"

Severus folds his hands in front of him and stares at them. "Lily's child?" he asks, throwing a bitter glance up at Petunia. He looks down at his hands again. "Lily's child, who suffered the same kind of neglect I did."

Petunia laughs at Severus—a strangled, hoarse sound. "And if he'd been happy here, you wouldn't have spared him a second glance? I never took you for a knight in shining armor."

Severus stays silent. If Harry had been a second James Potter—with that peculiar brand of self-satisfaction and entitlement to have or to hurt whatever he laid eyes on—Severus would have behaved far more badly than simply ignoring the boy's existence.

"I suppose you think that excuses your behavior," Severus finally says, his voice cracking.

"Oh no," Petunia says in a low, intense voice. "I know I'm the villain of this story. I don't care." She laughs again. "No one feels sorry for the woman who doesn't want a child. It doesn't matter who you are or what else you wanted from life. You're the villain."

Severus sighs. "Would it make you happy to hear that Dumbledore is dead? He'll never dump an unwanted child on you again."

Petunia is oddly quiet. When Severus looks up, her face is unreadable.

"Dumbledore is dead?"

Severus gives her a sharp nod.

"Goodness," Petunia says, like she's actually flustered by this news. "Who is running your world now?"

Severus sneers at her. "Dumbledore did not run the wizarding world. There is a Minister for Magic, whose name is Cornelius Fudge."

Petunia's eyes flash. "He certainly acted like he ran it."

Severus's sneer relaxes into an approximation of a real smile. "True," he concedes. "But speaking of power in the wizarding world... I would have told you last year, but you were in such a hurry to get rid of us...."

The lines on Petunia's face sharpen. "You only come to harass me," she says defensively.

"False," says Severus emphatically. "We take up five minutes of your time per year."

Petunia's jaw twitches, but she straightens her face out with some effort. "What would you have told me last year?"

"He Who Must Not Be Named is back," Severus says, his tone suddenly very serious. "It's likely to threaten the entire structure of the wizarding world. I don't think he poses a threat to you specifically, but...."

Petunia has gone pale and looks scared. "Back?" she whispers.

Yes, Severus wants to say, your sister's murderer is alive and well and poised to control the country within the year.

He does not say this. He only clears his throat and takes something out of his pocket—an ordinary looking pen.

"If you touch this and say 'help,' it will transport you to a safe place in Cokeworth," Severus explains, and sets the pen down on the table. "Along with anyone else who is touching the pen at the same time. For... well, for emergencies."

Petunia stares at the pen like she has never seen one before.

"I doubt you will really need it," Severus says, trying to sound more reassuring. "But it's better than calling nine-nine-nine."

"Why would you do this for us?" Petunia says, her voice weak.

Why indeed. Why would Severus do this for Petunia, who has despised him since they were children. Is it for the sister Lily always loved, even after their estrangement? For the aunt whom Harry would grieve if she were brutally murdered, even if she hadn't earned that from him? For the wife and mother who was loved by her husband and son in their own unfortunate way?

"I guess I am a knight in shining armor after all," Severus says smoothly. He grabs the paper from Petunia's hands, spins on his heel, and leaves.

He hopes the Ministry will not ask why he needs so many Portkeys to his home next time he tries to register another one.

 

Severus travels to Spinner's End to find a letter from Molly Weasley waiting for him there. Severus wrote her to advise that Harry wished to stay the summer at the Burrow, and her reply reports that the family successfully connected with Harry at King's Cross and the trip to Hampshire was uneventful.

Molly writes as though she expected to be attacked by Death Eaters at every step of the journey. Severus snorts and puts the letter down. He will respond to it later.

Severus unpacks his things he brought home for the summer, cooks himself a light meal, and then sits down in the sitting room to stare blankly at the walls of books.

Severus misses Harry and his cheeky insistence that homework was only for August. His enthusiasm over the latest Quidditch news and his stories about his trials and tribulations with his classmates. His scheming and his optimism and his implacable desire to survive whatever was coming.

Severus cannot remember what it was like to be in this house alone.

 

The first weeks of the summer holidays are difficult, all things considered. The news pouring in is not good news. Voldemort demanded that Fudge resign and hand over the Ministry; Fudge refused and Death Eaters attacked a bridge in Ireland and unleashed giants in the West Country in response. The Muggle casualties were not particularly high, but the country was in a panic that they happened at all and that the Aurors were unable to prevent them. Dementors left Azkaban to roam the countryside, at Voldemort's command. They hadn't caused any deaths, but no one could be comfortable around them. And Death Eaters began infiltrating the Muggle government via the Imperius Curse—a precursor, of course, to doing so within the Ministry of Magic itself.

Severus also reads, with a sinking heart, about the murder of Amelia Bones. A dozen dead Muggles should be more important, but Severus did not know any of them, and the ease with which Voldemort murdered the Head of Magical Law Enforcement is dismaying.

The Wizengamot declares a state of emergency, holds a vote of no-confidence in Cornelius Fudge, and unilaterally replaces him with Rufus Scrimgeour, a former Auror. The Wizengamot claims these actions are temporary until peace is restored and elections can be held again. Scrimgeour sends rubbish propaganda to wizarding households, touting new security measures and acting like his hardline stance is something new, invigorating, and hopeful.

But in Severus's view, Voldemort has already won, if his goal was to destabilize the establishment. Democracy has fallen to autocracy.

The first wizarding war was not this easy for Voldemort. Severus saw that firsthand. He supposes Voldemort put his incognito year to better use than merely plotting how to obtain a prophecy.

Speaking of the prophecy, the Daily Prophet speculates wildly about the break-in at the Department of Mysteries, and starts calling Harry Potter "the Chosen One." This sent Severus into a spiral of panic when he first saw the headline, but he has relaxed slightly as the weeks pass with no further news, let alone actual facts about the prophecy in question. And Severus knows Harry is not foolish enough to write the Prophet or admit to the Ministry that this speculation has any basis in truth.

Severus tries to ignore it all. He focuses on refining his potions articles into publications for journals and tinkering with recipes—Severus has a horror of turning into some of the other Hogwarts professors who are so settled in their career they don't even read the latest journals—but it does not capture his full attention as it usually does.

Severus utterly disregards the Ministry's shrill warnings to never go anywhere alone. He performs his regular shopping, in Muggle and magical spaces, and embarks on his usual expeditions to gather potions ingredients. He is mindful of the risk of encountering dementors, but otherwise unconcerned about the danger.

Severus writes Harry every day, with mundane anecdotes about the neighbors on Spinner's End, thoughts on the innocuous news of the day, updates about his potions research, musings on potentially adopting a cat, and wishes for Harry to have a nice summer. He receives no replies from Harry, but does hear from Molly Weasley again, reporting that Harry is healthy and happy.

Severus tells himself it is enough.

 

Harry reads Severus's letters every day, and starts to look forward to them—depend on them, even—but he can't reply. What would he say? He doesn't want to talk to Severus about Voldemort anymore, and—well, Harry doesn't even want to think about Severus and Voldemort, together.

Luckily, there are plenty of distractions at the Burrow. Fleur Delacour has come to stay for the summer. Apparently she and Bill are much more serious than anyone realized. Although her presence is incredibly irritating to Mrs. Weasley and Ginny, Harry finds that he quite likes her (once he gets over the difficulty of actually talking to her). Mrs. Weasley has Tonks over to dinner frequently, and Harry likes her, too.

Mostly, it's just good to be around Ron, who is easy company. He has no expectations for Harry and doesn't want to talk about Voldemort any more than Harry does.
Chapter 46: Hogwarts Headmaster
Notes:

    Another chapter with end notes for those who want detailed warnings with spoilers.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

About two weeks into the summer, Severus spends a day collecting elder leaves. It is a commonly held belief in the potions community that wild elder leaves are more effective than cultivated ones, but the field is lacking a serious, controlled study on the topic. Severus has to haul around field notebooks, camera equipment, protective gloves, and numerous storage vials, and won't risk messing them up by using magic to shrink them. As a result, he is feeling tired and sore when he Apparates home.

Severus unslings his bag from his shoulder and sets it on the ground with a sigh before he notices someone else is in his house.

Severus whips out his wand and aims it at the intruder, but if the person wanted to harm him, Severus would have been seconds too late to protect himself.

Lord Voldemort is seated at his kitchen table.

"How did you get in here?" Severus exclaims.

Severus's protective enchantments are very good. Even if they were dismantled or broken while he was halfway across the country, Severus should have noticed.

Voldemort ignores the question. "Put your wand down," he instructs.

Severus obeys.

"I have been doing some reading," Voldemort announces.

Severus wonders where Voldemort found time to read, in between murdering Ministry officials and wreaking havoc on Muggles, but he keeps his mouth shut.

"There is a technique, combining Legilimency and a custom spell, to detect the presence of a Horcrux in a living being. I would like to use it on Harry Potter."

Severus's heart rate speeds up. "Why does that sound incredibly dangerous for him?"

Voldemort takes out a book from his robes, sets it on the table, and rests his hand on it with possessive affection. "Herpo the Foul performed this method repeatedly," Voldemort says, which is not really an answer to Severus's question. "It is not my invention. It has been verified to work."

"That name does not make me feel better at all," Severus protests. "What state were Herpo's victims left in?"

Voldemort's eyes narrow. "I promised not to harm your precious Harry Potter," he says, and his voice is even colder than usual. "Do you accuse me of wishing to renege on my promise?"

Severus draws a deep breath. He has mishandled this encounter, somehow; Voldemort is angry. Perhaps it is leftover ire at Severus's suggestion, last time they saw each other, that Voldemort attempt to muster remorse for the Potters' deaths. Either way, it is not productive, and Severus needs to deescalate.

"No, of course not," Severus says, as calmly as he can. "But unless you have actually tried doing this, you cannot know for sure what will happen."

Voldemort stands abruptly, his chair sliding across the floor behind him. "You may trust me to stop before I do any harm," he says icily. "I do know what I am doing when it comes to magic."

"Yes, I know," Severus says, but then stops. He consciously reminds himself that he does not have to do as Voldemort orders. "I'd rather not risk it. There are other ways...."

Voldemort makes a jerky movement, as though to draw his own wand, and Severus's heart rate spikes.

Voldemort stops short of going through with it. He folds his arms across his chest instead. "You owe me," he states flatly.

"What?" Severus asks, bewildered. Is this still about his betrayal at the end of Harry's first year of school? Severus always supposed that debt to have been thoroughly canceled by Voldemort's freedom from the portrait.

"For the venom from Nagini," Voldemort reminds him. "You agreed you would owe me a favor."

Oh, right. To save Arthur Weasley. It was true; Severus did agree to an exchange of favors. But there had to be limits to that sort of thing.

"I will ask Harry if he is interested in trying this," Severus says reluctantly. "But I certainly will not tell him he must."

"Fine."

"Fine," echoes Severus doubtfully. "May I read Herpo's book?"

Voldemort snatches up the book from the table as though Severus tried to physically take it from him. "It's very rare, very valuable, and very precious to me," Voldemort says. "You do not want to know what I had to do to acquire it."

"I want to read it first," Severus insists. "Unless you're going to reconsider the remorse route."

Voldemort lets out a hiss, and strides across the floor. His approach is aggressive enough that Severus takes an involuntary step back, and bumps up against the wall. Voldemort stops very close to Severus, his breath angry and hot on Severus's face.

"You are demanding that I try something so agonizingly painful, it could destroy me."

Severus is frozen, his breath stolen away, and he feels like a teenager again, utterly helpless against the most powerful wizard he has ever known.

"I'm sorry," he manages to force out. His Death Eater indoctrination takes over and Severus sinks to his knees, reaching for the hem of Voldemort's robes. Groveling before an angry Dark Lord was always the right answer. "I'm not demanding, Master, I'm begging you."

Voldemort laughs unkindly. "While you're on your knees, you may as well show me you mean it."

Severus does not question Voldemort's meaning, and he doesn't give it a second thought. He shifts his grip on Voldemort's robes, pulling them out of the way and revealing his underpants. Severus reaches into them and pulls out Voldemort's half-hard cock. He gently rubs his thumb against the tip, then leans forward and mouths it experimentally. He is rewarded with a slight shifting of Voldemort's hips and a nearly inaudible moan.

Severus takes more of Voldemort into his mouth, and Voldemort hardens with the encouragement. Hands tangle themselves in Severus's hair and Severus closes his eyes, relaxing as he shifts his hand on Voldemort's cock to take yet more of it. Voldemort starts thrusting inside Severus's mouth, and his grip in Severus's hair tightens. He makes tiny grunts, which push Severus further toward his own edge, his cock hardening untouched between his legs. Severus sucks, taking as much of Voldemort as he can, and uses his free hand to slip under Voldemort's pants and fondle his balls. Voldemort shudders and thrusts deep into Severus a final time, coming into his throat.

Severus stays still until Voldemort is finished, then withdraws his hands, licks Voldemort's cock clean, and rearranges his underpants and robes until they are tidy again. Severus sits back on his heels, leans against the wall, and shuts his eyes.

So much for his resolve not to have sex with Voldemort again. Severus isn't sure what's more pathetic—how easily he crumbled or the fact that he didn't realize he was crumbling until after it happened. And whatever glimpse of a softer side of Voldemort he saw at Christmas has clearly not survived to—

Severus's self-loathing and incriminations are interrupted by a soft touch on his shoulder. Severus opens his eyes to see Voldemort sitting on the floor beside him. Voldemort has one hand on Severus's shoulder, and is reaching under his robes with the other hand. Voldemort finds Severus's cock, teasing it out from under his pants, and gently runs a thumb over the tip, sliding apart the foreskin.

"Oh," Severus says softly, floored by the indication that Voldemort will reciprocate.

Voldemort leans over and starts pressing kisses to Severus's skin at the base of his neck and the top of his shoulder. They are featherlight and exceedingly tender; Severus starts to feel gooseflesh breaking out on his skin. Meanwhile, Voldemort strokes Severus's cock with a firm but gentle grip, conjuring lubrication without a verbal spell. He adjusts to the exact rhythm Severus prefers, and Severus can only lean his head back against the will and give himself up to the sensations. He thrusts a little into Voldemort's hand, matching Voldemort's timing, and when Voldemort's mouth opens and teeth bite into the sensitive skin of his neck, hard enough to leave a bruise, Severus shudders and comes into Voldemort's hand.

Voldemort continues to touch him and kiss his skin lightly, until Severus is shivering at the contact, overly sensitive after the orgasm.

"You can borrow the book," Voldemort sighs into Severus's neck. Severus is too relaxed and his mind is drifting. He does not know how to react.

"Please take care of it, though," Voldemort adds, and Severus murmurs something that could be interpreted as agreement.

Voldemort pulls away from Severus, performs a cleaning spell, and stands up. He brushes off his robes, although they are immaculate, and offers Severus his hand.

Confused, Severus nonetheless accepts it. Voldemort pulls Severus into standing up, then leads him to the table and pulls out a chair for him. Adjusting his own clothing, Severus takes the chair automatically.

Voldemort takes a seat across the table and pushes the book over to Severus. Severus takes it, still feeling like he is on autopilot.

"I didn't come here for sex," Voldemort says, like this is an important point. "You will relay my request to Harry?"

"I will," Severus agrees, although he has nearly forgotten what Voldemort wanted from Harry.

"The other matter is Hogwarts," Voldemort continues. "Lucius Malfoy is the chair of the board of governors, and there is a fair number of governors who will follow his lead."

"Right," Severus says, because he knows this well enough already.

"However, I don't own the board. I am not quite ready to ask them to appoint a Death Eater with no teaching experience to be headmaster."

"Okay," says Severus, while privately thinking this is a good thing. On that note, Severus gives a small shiver and clears his mind to rebuild his Occlumency shields, unsure whether they remained steady through the sex.

"On the other hand, I cannot have anyone who will continue Dumbledore's legacy of using the school as a recruitment ground for child soldiers to fight against me."

Severus nods. He rather agrees with this sentiment. The school should not be a recruiting ground for either side.

"I would like you to run for the position, and I will ensure you have all the support I can muster."

"What?" Severus asks incredulously before he can catch himself.

"If it is between you and anyone else at that school, my choice is clear," Voldemort says seriously. "Would you like to be headmaster?"

Severus can hardly believe his ears. "Yes," he says immediately.

Headmaster of Hogwarts? Yes. He would like that very much. He is rather taken by the idea of sweeping down the castle's halls as its undisputed master. Eleven-year-old Severus would never have believed such a thing could come to pass.

"But," Severus adds, having second thoughts, "only if you do not mean to interfere with the position. I may hire the teachers as I see fit, keep on teachers even if they oppose you, and do what I want with the curriculum. And no student should be recruited... by either side of the war."

"I do not have any stipulations," Voldemort says gravely. "Save that you do not use the position to work against me."

"I wouldn't," Severus says, slightly put out. He has never truly worked against Voldemort, only spent a year during the first war playing both sides as best he could. And then, later, trying to protect Harry's life from Quirrell... although Severus hadn't known that he was opposing Voldemort.

"Very well." Voldemort inclines his head. "The school governors are meeting tomorrow. I expect McGonagall will be your only opponent. But you shall have to present your case on your own. As I said, I do not own the entire board."

"I understand," Severus agrees quietly. "Er... it may not be enough."

"Why would you say that?" Voldemort sounds startled.

Severus laughs, although he is unamused. "I am not popular. No one likes me."

Voldemort stares at Severus, his face inscrutable. "I like you," he says after a while. "I have liked you since the day I met you."

Severus ducks his head, his face flaming. "Likewise," he says, his voice so low he is not sure Voldemort can hear it.

Voldemort stands up. "I expect to hear about Harry within the week," he says, a stern note entering his voice. He then Disapparates without waiting for a response.

Severus curses under his breath. His enchantments should not have permitted anyone to Disapparate in his house except him.

 

One night to prepare is not very much, but Severus is presentable when he faces the school governors the next morning. He is dressed in his best robes, and has concealed the bags under his eyes and the hickey on his neck. He is as ready as he can be.

He states his case succinctly: Hogwarts should not be a warzone. Dumbledore was involved in politics as heavily as he was the school, and blurred the lines between them. Students were recruited for his private paramilitary organization while they were still in school. And by alienating Slytherin, Dumbledore ensured that the same thing happened for the other side in that House.

Severus speaks only briefly about his goals outside of keeping Hogwarts neutral in the war, and moves on as soon as he can. He wishes the curriculum to include humanities. He will not employ ghosts as professors. He will institute scholarship requirements for professors, and hire resident teaching assistants if he has the budget. He pledges to fix the Defense Against the Dark Arts position by whatever means it takes. He will institute more occasions for the Houses to mingle with each other and discourage such sharp divisions.

As predicted, McGonagall is his only opposition. She is highly displeased to see Severus put himself forward for the position. She emphasizes her experience and her long years as Head of Gryffindor House. She talks about how well students of Gryffindor do in exams and post-school careers. She is slightly nasty about how unpopular Severus is with the other professors and the students, and even manages to bring up his atrocious disciplinary record as a student. She stops just short of accusing him of being an actual Death Eater—perhaps out of a sense of self-preservation.

Severus and McGonagall are excused from the room while the governors deliberate.

It is awkward. Severus stares out of the window rather than have to look at someone he is accustomed to thinking of as a friend.

"Will you run the school for He Who Must Not Be Named?" McGonagall asks abruptly into the silence.

At that, Severus does turn to look at her. "No," he says. "I do not serve him. I meant every word I said about keeping the students out of the war. Their protection is my priority."

McGonagall looks like she does not believe him. Severus lets it go. They say nothing else to each other, until Lucius enters the room to congratulate Severus on securing the position of Hogwarts headmaster.

McGonagall's face is white and pinched as she shakes Lucius's hand. She leaves as quickly as she can without being openly rude.
Notes:

    Content warning for smut under slightly questionable circumstances; Voldemort is aggressive and pushes boundaries, although I do not quite consider it dubcon. YMMV

Chapter 47: Soul Shard
Chapter Text

After the school governors' meeting, Severus Apparates to the Hogwarts front gates. A rush of warmth suffuses him as he feels instinctively that the grounds welcome him. The castle already recognizes Severus as its headmaster.

Severus places his hand against the gates and they swing open for him.

Simultaneously, someone materializes out of thin air at his side.

This time, Severus is not at all startled to see Voldemort.

"Good morning," Severus says, trying for politeness.

"I take it you were successful." Voldemort looks pleased.

"Yes," Severus agrees, dipping his head. "Thank you."

"May I join you in the castle?" Voldemort asks, his own manner very polite.

Severus has to think about it. "Well... if you don't let anyone see you."

Voldemort's expression goes hard. "Already ordering me about in your new domain, I see."

Severus abruptly realizes he is exasperated with Voldemort's hot and cold attitude. One minute, he is treating Severus like something precious, and the next minute he is up in arms about something Severus has supposedly done wrong. Severus also realizes, with a flash of insight, that this is nothing new: it is how Voldemort treats anyone he wants to keep close to him. And Severus has always fallen for it, every time.

Severus closes his eyes, swallows through a lump in his throat, and silently prays for patience.

"I was appointed headmaster for pledging to keep the students safe and the castle neutral in the war," Severus says slowly, opening his eyes again. "It would undermine that quite dramatically to be seen wandering the castle in your presence. Please."

Voldemort is silent for a few moments. He begins to look slightly less angry. "Very well," he finally concedes. "No one will see me."

Suiting action to word, Voldemort slowly fades out of view. Severus is intrigued by the departure from the usual method of casting the Disillusionment Charm. But he does not comment.

Severus passes through the open gates, Voldemort's quiet footsteps at his side. They walk in silence for a few minutes, until Voldemort asks whether Severus has spoken to Harry.

"My Lord," Severus says, not keeping the exasperation out of his tone this time. "You dropped the headmaster thing on me at the last minute. I spent all night preparing for the meeting, and have come directly from it. No, I have not had a chance to speak to Harry."

"Why is he not living with you?"

So Voldemort is keeping tabs on Harry's whereabouts? That is disturbing, and Severus makes a note to mention it to Harry. If they speak again.

"We had a disagreement," Severus says evasively.

"Over what?"

Severus stares at his feet as they walk down the path. Part of him wants to confide in Voldemort. The part of him that has been in love with Voldemort since he was sixteen—an angry, lost child seeking something bigger and better. Unlike any other authority figure in his life, Voldemort knew exactly what that lost child needed: attention, praise, validation, exhilarating and intense magical training, long nights talking about books and lore and history and theory and everything under the sky.

The other part of Severus knows better. Voldemort does not have Severus's best interests at heart, no matter how good he is at pretending sometimes.

"None of your business," Severus mutters to the ground.

To his surprise, and intense relief, Voldemort drops the subject. They walk in silence to the entrance of the castle. The doors swing open for Severus. The pair make their way through the deserted corridors up to the headmaster's tower. The gargoyle at the entrance gives him a respectful nod, and steps aside.

The headmaster's office is unchanged from when Severus met with the other Heads of House a few weeks ago. The portraits are snoozing on the wall, and Dumbledore's instruments are whirring on the little tables. The view of the castle grounds, and hills beyond, is magnificent.

Voldemort gives a small sigh of satisfaction as he becomes visible again. "It's been over thirty years since I've been in Hogwarts as myself."

Severus moves to Dumbledore's—now Severus's—desk and shuffles through the papers on it. They are letters to the headmaster, or Dumbledore, all unopened. McGonagall apparently touched none of them. Severus is not sure he wants to, either.

When Severus looks back up, Voldemort is staring at the portrait of Dumbledore hungrily. The former headmaster is sleeping, or pretending to sleep.

"I have so many things to say to him," Voldemort says in a strangely distant voice. "So much I'd like him to know. He bears a great deal of responsibility for who I am."

"You killed him," Severus says unsympathetically, starting to go through the drawers of the desk. "Seems like you corrected whatever imbalances existed."

"You helped," Voldemort points out. When Severus glances back up, Voldemort is staring at Severus rather than the portrait.

"I did not," Severus protests.

"You did not betray my presence to Dumbledore."

"Failing to try to prevent a murder is not the same as committing murder," Severus says, feeling cold. "Do not put this on me."

Voldemort looks away from Severus and back at the portrait. Severus returns his attention to the desk drawers. He finds what he was looking for: Hogwarts letterhead on parchment. He pulls some out, places it on the desk, and starts looking for a quill and ink.

"I would have been content here," Voldemort says. "I'm almost tempted to become headmaster myself after I win the war."

Astonished and affronted, Severus pauses in his search and stares at Voldemort. "I'm headmaster," he protests. "You wouldn't be headmaster unless you threatened every member of the board with death."

Voldemort takes his attention away from the portrait and moves to sit on a bench underneath a window. His lips curl into a smile. "An action I'm free to take after I own the Ministry," he says, a hint of smugness in his tone.

"What would please you about managing a school full of children?" Severus asks, bewildered by the turn this conversation has taken.

"Hogwarts was my first home, the only place I've ever truly loved," Voldemort says simply. "There could have been a version of me who stayed here to teach. Do you not think I am a capable teacher?"

Severus inclines his head. "I know you are."

Voldemort taught Severus so much of what he knows. Voldemort's tutelage transformed Severus from an uncontrolled, wild youth into a powerful and steady warrior. Severus had been capable of much on his own, but Voldemort sharpened, refined, and polished him.

"Well, I have two open teaching positions," Severus continues. "Perhaps more, if other professors resign over my appointment."

"Do you expect them to?"

"McGonagall was rather angry," Severus says. "But I hope she does not resign. It will be challenging enough finding a Potions professor, and the Defense Against the Dark Arts position is—"

Severus breaks off. He has found a quill and ink, and he spreads everything out on the desk and takes a seat behind it. In this grand chair, surveying his domain, Severus feels powerful and important. He smooths out the parchment in front of him and picks up the quill.

"Will you lift the curse on that position?" Severus continues cautiously.

"What makes you think I cursed the position?" Voldemort asks, but he is smiling faintly and does not look upset.

"Evan Rosier said so when we were at school; apparently Bellatrix told him," Severus explains. "There certainly does seem to be some trouble with the post."

Voldemort's smirk grew. "I cursed it after Dumbledore refused me the position thirty years ago."

"I see," Severus says, and starts composing a letter to the Hogwarts professors. "I would hire you if you applied for it."

Severus isn't so sure that is actually true, but it doesn't matter—the statement has the desired effect. Voldemort looks pleased. "Don't tempt me," he says.

"Well, then, will you un-curse it?" Severus repeats.

"I suppose," Voldemort says, rather condescendingly. "What will you do for me in return?"

Severus is tired of this question. "Nothing," he says flatly, continuing to write. "You may have access to the castle as long as you do so without terrifying anyone, you may have as many blow jobs as you like, I will pass messages onto Harry for you if you ask nicely and they do not endanger him. None of this is a transaction."

"That's not very Slytherin of you," Voldemort says disapprovingly.

"Aren't we... past that by now?" Severus asks wearily, looking up to survey Voldemort again. "You will un-curse the position simply because you want me as headmaster and wish me to do a good job, right?"

"Very well," Voldemort says, rising to his feet. "I'll be back shortly."

He leaves, and Severus does not follow. He finishes his letter to the professors and starts another one to students' parents. He finishes that letter too, and orders lunch from a house-elf before Voldemort returns.

"That was exhausting," Voldemort declares as he collapses into a chair in Severus's office. "The curse practically had a life of its own after all these years."

It takes effort, but Severus forbears from saying anything patronizing about employing poorly understood magic with reckless disregard as to the consequences.

"I appreciate it," he says instead.

Voldemort waves a dismissive hand. "Will you open your Floo connection? I prefer not to walk out of the grounds to Disapparate."

"I'll see if I can," Severus says, and stands to examine the fireplace. He discovers that it is connected to the network, and merely barricaded at this end. It is trivial to open it.

Severus steps back and nods at Voldemort. "I'm closing it again after you leave," he warns.

"As you please," says Voldemort indifferently. "Write to Potter." And he throws Floo powder in the hearth; green flames spring up; and he steps through them and spins away.

And although Severus is irritated by Voldemort's single-minded insistence, he does in fact sit down and write Harry a letter.

 

"Severus," a voice says after he is finished writing the letter. Severus looks up at Dumbledore's portrait. He knew this moment was inevitable, and he is not unprepared to face it. "When did I lose your loyalty?"

"You knew the Dark Lord made Horcruxes," Severus responds coolly.

"I had strong suspicions," Dumbledore says. "Is this really your answer to the question?"

"You knew he made more than one?"

"I had strong suspicions, but had not yet determined how many."

"You lost me the moment I found out Harry Potter has one piece of the Dark Lord's soul in him," Severus answers, lifting his chin a little. "Before that, I would never have let him kill you if I could prevent it. But after that... you became a bigger risk to Harry's safety than the Dark Lord."

Dumbledore looks at Severus for a moment, then closes his eyes, as if in pain. When he opens them again, he seems older. "I wondered," he says, his voice quiet and aching.

"How did you wonder?" Severus demands, rising to his feet in indignation and shock. "I had all the clues! Me! And I did not share a single one with you!"

"Do you suppose I did not know Harry's wand core was from my own phoenix, Fawkes?" Dumbledore asks.

Severus realizes the truth with a sinking feeling. "Ollivander wrote you right away."

"He did. And I had the same suspicions about the events surrounding Miss Weasley's diary as you did, even though you did not share them with me. There were two Parselmouths in the school at that time: whoever was controlling her, and whoever had stopped her. Yes, I started to suspect a connection between Harry and Voldemort."

Severus slowly sits back down. "I see." He pauses, then repeats it. "I see. I must thank you for making me easier in my mind about my decision not to warn you in the Ministry Atrium."

Dumbledore surveys him with mingled disappointment and something like understanding. "Everything would have been far easier if you had stuck to hating James Potter's son as you should have done. You placed one child's life over the life of every other person in Britain."

"Maybe, maybe not," Severus says easily, refusing to look or feel guilty about a thing that has not yet happened. "Even if the worst comes to pass, so much of it is your fault, Dumbledore! How on earth did you think it was a good idea to trap the Dark Lord in the Hogwarts portraiture?"

"It was a very good idea," Dumbledore contradicts him calmly. "I had to do something with him after luring him into Hogwarts. I knew I lacked the means to finish him off that year, but it would have given me all the time I needed to work on the problem."

"I don't even know how you managed to do it," Severus says, shaking his head.

"All I had to do was cast the spell while he was possessing Quirrell," Dumbledore explains. "The only risk was if Harry went after Quirrell while I was gone, and made it through the traps too quickly, and my alarm spells did not enable me to arrive in time before Voldemort fled Quirrell's body."

And all of this does make sense to Severus, unfortunately: Voldemort's possession of Quirrell would have left him vulnerable to being manipulated into a different type of possession, while he was a defenseless spirit without a wand and up against Albus Dumbledore.

"I see," Severus says after a while. "And why didn't you cast this spell at any time in the year? You knew he was here long before that day."

Dumbledore's eyes look misty. "You will not be surprised if I tell you that I wanted Harry to solve the mystery and face him."

"Not remotely surprised," Severus agrees coldly. It does not mean he is not angry about it, as he remembers the eleven-year-old boy in his office, distraught over being a murderer. "But you miscalculated. It gave the Dark Lord the opportunity to get his hooks in me again."

"Yes," Dumbledore says, looking grieved. "I see that now."

Dumbledore exits his portrait, and Severus does not see him in it again for a very long time.

 

Not long afterwards, Severus's afternoon is interrupted again—by the arrival of an Auror.

John Dawlish apparently wasn't willing or able to figure out how to get to Severus at his residence, so he has presented himself at Hogwarts.

Severus lets Dawlish in the castle and into the headmaster's office with a pretense of willing cooperation.

Dawlish wants a statement as to what happened at the Ministry that night two weeks ago. Of course he does.

Severus gives clear, concise, and contained answers. He believes You-Know-Who set a trap to lure Harry Potter there, but he does not know the details. Harry Potter can be contacted at the Weasleys'. No, Severus does not know what You-Know-Who wanted from the Ministry. No, he does not know if You-Know-Who accomplished his goal. No, Severus does not work for You-Know-Who. No, Severus cannot name the Death Eaters responsible for killing Dolores Umbridge; they all wore masks and hoods. Yes, You-Know-Who is the one responsible for killing Dumbledore; Severus and Auror Tonks both witnessed it firsthand.

"Why did you not fight him before You-Know-Who killed Dumbledore?" Dawlish asks, leaning forward intently, clearly having arrived at the purpose of this visit. "From what I heard, you had plenty of time to do so."

"I was injured and unable to move," Severus says flatly. "Besides, what would you have had me do against the Killing Curse? Try out a simple Protego?" His voice is dripping with sarcasm.

Dawlish scowls. "There are rumors that you cooperate with him, Snape."

Severus laughs. "Did you ask Auror Tonks these same questions? Because she, too, failed to prevent Dumbledore's death."

Dawlish's jaw tightens. "Of course not. She is an Auror. And I have witnesses who will say you left the Ministry in You-Know-Who's company."

Dawlish sounds less than confident about that, like he is fishing around. Severus decides it does not deserve an answer. He merely raises one eyebrow and lets the room fall silent.

Dawlish's scowl deepens. He stands up, and jams his hat on his head. "I'll be in touch, Snape." He says it like a threat.

After Dawlish leaves, Severus adds a post-script to the letter to Harry to inform him of the latest details of the Ministry investigation.

Severus is not particularly worried. Far more important, these days, than what Dawlish thinks of Severus is what Voldemort thinks of Severus.

 

Harry shows up at Severus's house the next day. Severus opened the Floo between Spinner's End and the Burrow, in the hopes that Harry would come visit, but he didn't expect it. He is startled and pleased when Harry emerges from the fireplace in the kitchen.

"Harry!" exclaims Severus warmly, then he stops. He scrambles to find his usual reserve. "I hope you're well. Tea?"

"Sure," Harry says, but his shoulders are hunched forward uncomfortably. He leaves the kitchen and goes into the sitting room and takes a seat in the armchair.

Severus makes tea and brings it out to him. "I take it you got my letter," he says, feeling distinctly awkward. Severus sits on the sofa facing Harry.

"Yeah," Harry says flatly.

They sip at their tea in silence for a bit.

"Well," Harry says with a bit of an edge, "tell me about this Horcrux detection thing."

"I don't know much about it," Severus admits. "Herpo the Foul has done the most experimentation with Horcruxes in written history. He invented this spell, and it does work, but he did not document what happens to the subjects of the spell. He was not very concerned with them."

Harry bites his lip for a while, deep in thought. "You still trust You-Know-Who not to hurt me?"

"I do," Severus says, his eyes on his lap.

"When did you two start sleeping together?" Harry interrogates him.

"As soon as he got his body back," Severus admits, his eyes still glued downward. "The day I left Spinner's End for Malfoy Manor, and came back declaring we had to go to Grimmauld Place."

"I see," Harry says. "Why?"

"I'm... attracted to him," Severus chokes out. It is difficult to admit.

"I don't get it," Harry says baldly. "He's... there's something wrong with him."

"I know." There is something wrong with Severus, too, but he does not say this thought out loud.

Harry stares at the floor for a while. "I don't know if I can ever get past that," he says finally, sounding uneasy. "But, for now, I want to know about the Horcrux as badly as he does, so tell him I'm in."

"All right," Severus agrees.

"I don't suppose you have a way of contacting him now?"

Severus looks up, startled by the sudden decision. Harry appears serious.

"Ah, certainly. I can go inquire at the Malfoy Manor. Give me a moment."

Harry nods.

Severus goes to the kitchen, Floo-calls Malfoy Manor, and learns that Voldemort is in residence and will come through momentarily. Severus returns to Harry, but they do not say anything to each other before Voldemort arrives.

"Harry Potter," Voldemort greets him with satisfaction. He sinks down onto the sofa next to Severus, and stares at Harry. "It's so nice to see you again."

Harry raises an eyebrow, crosses his arms over his chest, and doesn't respond.

"What are you and Severus fighting about?" Voldemort asks.

"Who says we're fighting?" Harry asks grumpily.

"You're not living here, and you haven't written Severus all summer."

Harry stiffens. "How do you know that?"

"I have my ways." Voldemort sounds smug.

Harry glares at Severus. "You tell him everything about me?"

Severus shakes his head. "I did not tell him either of those details," he says softly. "Although I did tell him we were fighting."

Harry hisses out his breath between his teeth. "Fine. Enough of this. Can you do your spell on me and get this over with?"

Severus fears that Voldemort will argue with Harry, or push him or prod him in some other way—but he does not. Voldemort nods, and asks Harry to join them on the couch. Voldemort explains that the spell involves Legilimency, which Harry already knows.

Harry reluctantly complies, taking a seat on the sofa in between Severus and Voldemort. Severus is careful to give him space while Harry and Voldemort face each other.

It is somewhat anticlimactic, as most mind arts are in practice: Voldemort and Harry stare at each other a while, and then Harry slumps down sideways, limp and unconscious. Severus catches him before he falls off the couch.

"If you have hurt him—" Severus starts, looking up at Voldemort.

"He's perfectly fine," Voldemort says impatiently. "Yes, it was a strain, for someone not an accomplished practitioner, but he will sleep for a few hours and be fine."

Severus settles Harry back on the couch, propped up on the cushions and against Severus. "Did you reach any conclusions?"

"Oh, yes," Voldemort says, frowning. "He certainly does have a piece of my soul inside him."

Severus and Voldemort look at each other for a while.

"That sucks," Severus finally says.

Voldemort does not smile. He looks very unamused. "Indeed. I suppose I don't have to ask you to keep him safe. But I will anyway. Do keep him safe for me, Severus."

"Yes, Master."

"I will be in touch," Voldemort says, somewhat ominously, and then rises to his feet and Disapparates.

 

Harry wakes a few hours later, just as Voldemort predicted. He gives a little start, then his eyes fly open and he bolts upright on the sofa.

"What happened?" he asks Severus, looking around the room as if for answers.

"The Dark Lord performed his spell," Severus explains. "You passed out. How do you feel?"

Harry rubs his eyes, then stretches his arms up, then sinks back against the couch cushions. "Fine, I guess. So did he get his answers about the Horcrux?"

"Yes," Severus says. He cuts to the chase. "It's true. You do have a piece of his soul inside you."

Harry grimaces, then shudders and wraps his hands around his stomach. "What's he doing about it?"

"I don't know," Severus says. "He asked me to do my best to keep you safe."

Harry looks around the room. "Can I go back to the Burrow?"

"Of course."

Harry eyes Severus uncertainly. "He didn't, like, order me locked up or anything?"

Severus shakes his head. "Do you really think I would stand for such a thing if he had?"

Harry shudders again. "I can't...." He trails off, then tries again. "I can't believe he's keeping his word. There was a moment—at the Ministry—when I thought—"

"I thought so too," Severus agrees gravely. "He insists he meant you no harm, though."

Harry makes a skeptical sound.

Severus sighs. "I will let you know if I hear from him about this."

Harry nods, then finally pushes himself up off the couch. "Well... thank you for the tea," he says awkwardly.

"Of course, Harry," Severus answers tiredly. "Give my best to the Weasleys."

Harry makes his way back to the fireplace, moving slowly. Severus's heart aches to watch him go.
Chapter 48: Coming Clean
Chapter Text

Harry takes the Floo back to the Burrow, where he discovers that everyone's O.W.L. scores arrived while he was gone. Ron obtained seven O.W.L.s, ranging from Exceeds Expectations to Acceptable, and Hermione—who'd arrived to stay at the Burrow for the rest of the summer—got eleven, all Outstanding but for one.

Harry nervously opens the parchment with his scores, his hands shaking. He might be cross with Severus right now, but he is nonetheless terrified at the idea of disappointing him.

He scans his grades quickly, relaxes a little, then reads them again. Acceptable in Astronomy, Arithmancy, and History of Magic; Exceeds Expectations in Care of Magical Creatures, Charms, Herbology, Potions, and Transfiguration; and Outstanding in Defense Against the Dark Arts.

They're good grades. Not on Hermione's level, of course, but they're good, and he didn't fail anything. The only true disappointment is Exceeds Expectations in Potions—he hoped to get an Outstanding in that class because he was sure Severus is expecting it of him, and because it is required to continue in Potions at the N.E.W.T. level.

"Wow," Ron says. "Nice job, mate. Those are great."

"Really well done, Harry," Hermione agrees, beaming at him.

Harry gives them a weak smile.

 

Harry doesn't let himself worry about the war or his life for a couple weeks. He plays Quidditch, eats extra helpings of everything Mrs. Weasley cooks, and avoids the news. Mrs. Weasley plans a big birthday dinner for Harry at the end of the month, and he unbends enough to ask her to invite Severus.

Harry takes the opportunity when Severus arrives to hand over his O.W.L. scores. To Harry's extreme relief, Severus gives him a brief one-armed squeeze and tells him he is proud of him.

Mrs. Weasley also invites Tonks to dinner, which Harry is happy about until he realizes that Tonks just wants to talk about the violent news of the day.

"Dementor sightings have escalated," she says over the birthday cake. "They're breeding and there's no hope of rounding them all up to send them back to Azkaban. The Ministry has completely lost control over them."

"Dumbledore warned Fudge this would happen," Mr. Weasley agrees.

"They found Igor Karkaroff's body in a shack up north," Tonks continues, her manner incongruously cheerful for the topic. "The Dark Mark had been set over it. Isn't that grisly?"

Harry gives a bad start, spilling his juice on the table. "He—what? No. No, Dumbledore promised to protect him—"

Tonks shoots Harry a sympathetic look. "Did he? I didn't know that. Well, that explains everything. With Dumbledore dead, his protections were probably gone too."

"But why? Who killed Karkaroff?"

"Death Eaters, obviously," Tonks says, as though she doesn't understand why Harry is asking.

Harry sends Severus a questioning look, but he shakes his head. Either he doesn't know anything or doesn't want to talk about it here.

"He saved Cedric's life," Harry says hollowly. "I can't believe he's dead."

Mrs. Weasley attempts to change the subject, but Harry isn't listening anymore. He didn't like Karkaroff very much, but this stark proof that Voldemort can get at anyone he wants is sitting like lead at the bottom of Harry's stomach.

 

Harry feels he can avoid it no longer. He comes clean to Ron and Hermione that night. Hermione has joined the boys in Ron's bedroom, and hugs a pillow while Harry talks.

He tells them what really happened at the end of their first year, when Voldemort got trapped as a portrait. He tells them that Severus used to be a Death Eater, but isn't anymore, but he still agreed to help free Voldemort in exchange for a guarantee of his and Harry's safety. He tells them all about how he, Harry, convinced himself it was a good idea because there were madmen out there like Sirius Black who would help Voldemort and Voldemort would come back wanting to kill Severus and Harry. Harry explains how wrong he was about Sirius Black, and it was all Peter Pettigrew, who is a free man out there somewhere. (He doesn't mention to Ron that Peter Pettigrew was Scabbers.) Harry tells them that it was Severus and Pettigrew who brought Voldemort back, and that Harry went to the Ministry of his own free will a couple weeks ago because he wanted to know what the prophecy said. And then he tells them exactly what the prophecy says.

He only keeps back a few things—he doesn't talk about Severus's sex life or the news that Harry has a piece of Voldemort's soul inside him.

To Ron and Hermione's credit, they don't interrupt Harry even once. They let him finish.

"So, anyway," Harry says, staring miserably at the ceiling. "I've really fucked up."

"Oh, Harry," Hermione says. There are tears in her eyes. "It sounds like it's all Snape's fault, you haven't done anything wrong."

"Weren't you listening?" Harry asks her incredulously. "I told him I thought it was a good idea and I—I actually helped get him snake venom!"

"It sounds like the best outcome to me," Ron says stoutly. "You're safe, You-Know-Who isn't out to kill you, what does the rest of it matter?"

"Ron, I don't think that's very helpful right now," Hermione says disapprovingly.

Harry shakes his head. "It's the same thing I've been telling myself for years," he says. "But it isn't enough. Look at all these people dying. And I've caused it."

"You have not!" Hermione cries. "I don't—I'm not going to pretend I think it's nice that you helped bring him back. I'm really scared about it. But I don't know if I wouldn't have done the same thing. It's—it's pretty normal to want to protect yourself if you can. Especially—oh, Harry. We're just kids."

"Plus, Mum and Dad agree with your theory, mate," Ron adds. "That he was always going to come back. Even if you didn't help him he'd be out there still, biding his time, he was never going to just—give up and die."

"But if I'm the only one who can defeat him—"

Hermione snorts, loudly. "I think the prophecy is a load of rubbish! Divination is unreliable nonsense. Everyone knows it isn't real magic."

"You-Know-Who agrees with you," Harry says with a weak laugh. "He thinks it was faked by Dumbledore to trick him into attacking my family in Godric's Hollow and losing his body."

Ron and Hermione appear momentarily dumbfounded by this information.

"Woah, Harry," Ron says finally. "You really—you really know all kinds of things about him, don't you?"

Harry shrugs. "Snape gets this stuff from him and he tells me. I don't really talk to him directly, much."

"Wicked," says Ron, after recovering himself. "So all these extra protective enchantments on the house and the talk of getting extra guards to go shopping—none of that's necessary, then?"

Harry flushes. "He didn't promise not to hurt my friends or your family. That's—that's why this deal was so stupid. I don't want a world where I survive but lose everyone."

"You're not stupid, Harry," Hermione says, leaning forward. "I don't care what a prophecy says. I don't care what Snape thinks, or what You-Know-Who thinks. It's mad to believe a teenager has the power and the responsibility to defeat the darkest wizard in Britain. Don't you dare put that on yourself."

Harry gives her a wobbly smile. "I am not," he says. "Really. But I—I just wanted you both to know."

Hermione scoots over to join Harry on his bed, and gives him a hug. "I'm glad you told us," she says. "You don't have to carry these things by yourself. That's what friends are for."

 

The next day, their letters arrive from Hogwarts. Harry's letter informs him he has been appointed Quidditch Captain, which cheers him enormously.

Mrs. Weasley proposes a trip to Diagon Alley the next weekend. She is fretting over security when Ron rolls his eyes at her.

"You-Know-Who isn't going to be lying in wait for us at Flourish and Blotts," Ron says sarcastically.

"Shut it, Ron," Harry hisses at the same time as Mrs. Weasley expresses her outrage by threatening not to let Ron return to Hogwarts.

"You know you can't tell anyone about what I've done, right?" Harry asks Ron warily later in their bedroom when they're alone.

"I know," Ron says, looking contrite. "Yeah. Obviously. But she's being mental. I can't take it anymore."

"Just keep your mouth shut and your head down," Harry advises. "It's what I've been doing for five years now."

 

They obtain a ride to Diagon Alley in special cars sent by the Ministry. Harry greatly dislikes this, but heeds his own advice and keeps his mouth shut. They are joined in Diagon Alley by a couple of Aurors, who don't introduce themselves and usher the group around in their shopping without saying a word.

Diagon Alley is deserted and unfriendly, with many boarded up shops and everyone hurrying from errand to errand without raising their heads. It's depressing. Harry exchanges polite nods with Mrs. Malfoy and Draco in Madam Malkin's, but they don't say anything to each other and Harry is glad for it.

No one takes a side trip down Knockturn Alley, and there is no glorious new joke shop to explore (no one having given the Weasley twins any prize winnings). They complete their shopping and return to the Burrow without incident.

That night, Tonks comes by for dinner again, and she has news. "Have you all heard about who got chosen as the new headmaster at Hogwarts?"

"We have," Mr. Weasley answers as the same time as the kids all chime in to say they haven't.

"It's Snape," Tonks says.

"Woah," says Harry. How had Severus left that out of his letters?

"Bummer," Ron says. "He's such a bastard."

"Language, Ron," Mrs. Weasley scolds him, while Harry flicks some peas at his friend.

"He is not," Harry says. "At least, not completely. But, Tonks, you're serious? I thought it would be McGonagall for sure."

"So did everyone else," Tonks says with a shrug. "But Lucius Malfoy is chairman of the board, and he's buddies with Snape, isn't he?"

"I hope that's all it is," Mr. Weasley says in a mild tone. "I certainly don't like to think You-Know-Who might have had an influence on the board's decision."

"Now Arthur," Mrs. Weasley says, sounding distressed. "There's no need for those sort of accusations. Dumbledore always trusted Professor Snape."

At this, Hermione gives Harry a very pointed look. Harry shrugs uncomfortably.

"Who's teaching us Potions, then?" Hermione demands. She, of course, got an Outstanding on her O.W.L. and will be continuing in the class.

"That's the brilliant news," Tonks says, a grin spreading across her face. "Both my parents will be teaching at Hogwarts next year. Mum is the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor and Dad is taking over Potions."

"Wow, Tonks!" Hermione cries, and everyone else chimes in to register their pleasure at the news. "How long have they wanted to be professors?"

"Since forever," Tonks answers. "Mum has applied to Dumbledore every year for ages now and he never even interviewed her. Dad is only doing it because he doesn't want to be bored without Mum or me around the house, I think. But he'll be really good, don't you worry. He's not a potions genius like Snape but his knowledge is solid and he's an amazing teacher. And he, you know, doesn't hate children."

"I can't wait," Hermione says fervently. "That's amazing."

"I say," Mrs. Weasley, also sounding very pleased. "If Professor Snape is hiring Muggle-borns, that's pretty good proof he isn't working for You-Know-Who, then, isn't it?"

Tonks nods happily, but Ron and Hermione look at Harry with raised eyebrows. Harry shrugs yet again.

After dinner, of course, Ron and Hermione confront Harry in private, but Harry doesn't have anything else to share with them. "I really didn't know," he protests. "Snape didn't say anything about it in his letters to me, and he wouldn't put anything in writing about You-Know-Who either way, even if You-Know-Who did get him the job."

Hermione is biting at the edges of her fingernails. "Oh, Harry," she says. "I just—I worry that we're not going to get any warning. We're just going to show up one day and it's announced that Muggle-borns can't have wands anymore, or something equally horrible and absurd."

"That will never happen with Snape in charge of Hogwarts," Harry vows, hoping with all his heart that that's true.

Hermione doesn't look overly reassured, but she drops the topic.

 

Harry doesn't see Severus again for the remainder of the summer holidays, nor does he write Severus to ask why Severus didn't tell him about being the new headmaster. Instead, he tries to enjoy his time with his friends and avoids reading the newspaper.

The Friday before they head back to Hogwarts, Fred and George Weasley visit for dinner. They're working in Zonko's joke shop in Hogsmeade, and are saving up to eventually start their own shop (not that their boss knows this). Dinner is fun with them here, telling stories about customers who come in the shop only to be caught unawares by some of the products.

After dinner, Fred and George corner Harry in the garden while everyone else is inside. They indulge in some theatrics but eventually hand Harry an old piece of parchment and tell him how to work it. They are not Hogwarts students anymore and no longer need it. They make him promise to hand it over to another enterprising Hogwarts student after he finishes school in turn.

A living map of Hogwarts unfolds in front of Harry. Harry looks at it in awe, and has to swallow a lump in his throat when he reads the words Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs at the top.

"Thanks," Harry says to Fred and George, and means it.

His father and his best friends at school.

Their story was a tragedy. Harry still feels resentment at his father for not being perfect; at Lupin for making no attempts to reach out to Harry; at Sirius for mucking everything up so badly he went to Azkaban for twelve years and then died for no reason; and above all at Pettigrew for being such a traitorous scumbag.

But for all that, the map is incredibly precious to him, and he falls asleep with it underneath his pillow for safekeeping.
Chapter 49: A Pledge
Chapter Text

The journey back to Hogwarts is uneventful; no throng of Death Eaters show up to attack King's Cross (although given the increased security, Harry guesses that the Ministry rather feared such a thing happening). The instant the carriages cross the boundary into the castle grounds, Harry feels a surge of happiness at being back in Hogwarts. The school still feels like home despite all the changes.

Changes such as Severus Snape standing up to give the headmaster's speech before the feast starts. He tells the school that Hogwarts is not, and will not, be a warzone. The Gryffindors sitting around Harry look decidedly displeased by Severus's new position, while the Slytherins stare raptly—almost worshipfully—at Severus during his speech.

Severus introduces Tonks's parents—Andromeda is introduced as 'Professor Black,' despite having changed her name when she got married. Harry wonders if this is because they decided the school does not need the confusion of two professors with the same last name, or because Professor Black will sound more impressive to the pureblood contingent in the school.

Ted is 'Professor Tonks,' and Harry gets a good look at him for the first time at the staff table. Professor Tonks is smiling and looks cheerful and kind. The Hufflepuffs cheer loudly when he is introduced. In comparison, the Slytherins are somewhat reserved about the news that Professor Black is their new Head of House.

That is not the end of the changes: Severus introduces a third new professor, because Professor Binns has agreed to retire and haunt the castle passively, like any other ghost. Harry is stunned at the news—all this time, and they could have had an actual teacher at the History of Magic post? Was there no real reason Dumbledore put up with Binns for so long?

The new professor, Gray Fronsac, could not be more of a contrast to Binns: he looks young and energetic, full of life. He has a friendly wave and wide grin for the students when Severus says his name.

"That's a pureblood name," Hermione says in a low voice next to Harry. "Professor Basil Fronsac was a headmaster of Hogwarts a couple centuries ago. I mean, I guess it's nice that Snape hired a Muggle-born, but that's one Muggle-born and two pureblood professors."

"Snape doesn't believe in blood purity," Harry replies, feeling goaded into defending him. "And Tonks's mum is a blood traitor, if you buy into that garbage kind of thinking, so does she really count?"

Although, really, what does Harry know about Severus's real views? Severus has never actually told Harry why he joined the Death Eaters or what he thinks about Voldemort's political platform. After all, Severus once candidly confessed to Harry that he was all right with people dying as long as the people he cared about were safe. And now he is all cozy with Voldemort, and has a position of power right as Voldemort's war is escalating.

Has Harry been completely deluding himself, because Severus was the first adult in Harry's life who was kind to him?

Hermione doesn't answer Harry's question, which was mostly rhetorical anyway, but she isn't in a good mood for the rest of the night.

 

After breakfast the next morning, Professor McGonagall comes to the Gryffindor table to hand out class schedules, and discuss the sixth years' performance on their O.W.L.s.

Hermione confronts her immediately. "Why is Snape the new headmaster?" Hermione snaps. "Why isn't it you? Is Snape working for... you know?"

Very startled, Harry drops his fork. If Voldemort got Severus this job, Hermione would be quite wrong to bring up the subject in public.

McGonagall's lips thin, and she momentarily looks furious. The look passes as swiftly as it came, and she simply disregards Hermione's question altogether, clearing her to continue with Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration, Herbology, Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, and Potions.

McGonagall sorts out Neville's class schedule, then Parvati's.

Parvati's first question is whether Firenze the centaur is teaching Divination.

"Yes, he is."

That is all it takes to make Parvati very delighted with her schedule. McGonagall turns to Harry next.

"No, seriously, Professor," Harry says before McGonagall can say anything. "Do you know the answer to Hermione's question?"

McGonagall gives him an inscrutable look. "Do you, Potter?"

Harry shakes his head.

McGonagall clears her throat, then consults her notes. "Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, Transfiguration... all fine. I must say, I was pleased with your Transfiguration mark, Potter, very pleased. Now, why haven't you applied to continue with Potions? Is it because Professor Snape is no longer teaching it?"

"Not at all," Harry protests. "It's that you told me I had to get an 'Outstanding' in my O.W.L."

"And so you did when Professor Snape was teaching the subject. Professor Tonks, however, is perfectly happy to accept N.E.W.T. students with 'Exceeds Expectations' at O.W.L. Do you wish to proceed with Potions?"

"Oh, yes, of course," says Harry, "but I didn't buy the books or any ingredients or anything—"

"I'm sure Professor Tonks will be able to lend you some," says Professor McGonagall. She approves his schedule and then changes the subject to Quidditch. She also clears Ron to take the same subjects as Harry.

 

The first class of the day is Defense Against the Dark Arts. Harry likes Professor Black's teaching style very much. She has a no-nonsense demeanor without being unkind, and commands instant respect from the students without seeming to try. She is also incredibly smart—extremely well acquainted with dark curses and creatures and spells, energetic and motivated to teach as many practical lessons as she can, in sharp contrast to last year.

Harry wonders how she survived the first war without Voldemort wanting to recruit her, and whether she's still on speaking terms with her sisters. He keeps these questions to himself; it is not really any of his business.

In the afternoon's Potions class, Harry decides that Professor Tonks is going to be cool. He has the class start off by chatting about their potions knowledge and interest—making it a conversation instead of a quiz—and instantly picks out what everyone is best at. He lets them show off their strengths by suggesting brews tailored to their skills, and is generous with mid-course corrections.

Harry values Severus for many reasons... but his classroom style of being cruel and waspish, as he loomed over students and watched their brews fail, was never one of them.

Even the Slytherins forget to say anything nasty about Muggle-borns. Harry partners with Draco, who has a smile for Harry as soon as he walks into the classroom, and they have an enjoyable period laughing and experimenting together.

Because he didn't buy supplies in Diagon Alley, Harry gets stuck with an ancient potions book that someone has scribbled all over. Something about the handwriting seems familiar, but Harry doesn't have time to study it in class.

 

Late that night, Harry gathers his invisibility cloak and the map from Fred and George. The combination of these two tools makes it almost laughably easy to sneak through the castle unnoticed.

When Harry gets to the headmaster's office, he pushes the hood off to reveal his head floating in midair.

"Hey," he says tentatively to the gargoyle. Harry has never been to the headmaster's office before and isn't sure what to do.

"What do you want?" the gargoyle asks, a bit rudely in Harry's opinion.

"I want to talk to Professor Snape," Harry says. He avoids adding a sarcastic 'obviously.'

"He's not going to be happy to be disturbed by a student at this hour," the gargoyle says, narrowing its eyes. "Honestly, have you met the man?"

"Will you please let me be the judge of that?" Harry asks tiredly.

"On your head be it," the gargoyle agrees cheerfully, and steps aside to allow Harry access to the stairs.

Harry steps onto the moving stairs, removes his invisibility cloak, and knocks on the door that presents itself at the top of the stairwell. He can hear voices on the other side of the door before it opens.

Harry steps through to door into a truly beautiful office. It is lined with bookshelves and portraits and long windows that must have a magnificent view during the day. Severus is sitting on top of the desk in the middle of the room, rather than in the chair behind it. He is facing the door as Harry enters, and gives Harry a tired smile.

"Hello, Harry," Severus offers.

"Hi," Harry says, and takes a small chair on this side of the desk. "Er, congratulations on being appointed headmaster."

"Thanks," Severus says, and scratches his scalp, messing up his hair. There are deep circles under his eyes and he looks exhausted. "It's harder work than I anticipated."

Harry eyes him nervously. This is the man who rescued Harry from the Dursleys when he was ten and done nothing but tell Harry the truth and give him unquestioning support since then; Harry should not be nervous.

But he is.

"There are rumors that You-Know-Who got you the job," Harry says, sidestepping the issue of who was behind these alleged rumors.

Severus sighs. "Well, it was his idea. Lucius Malfoy is chair of the board and the Dark Lord ensured I would have his support and anyone who votes as Lucius tells them to. But no one showed up and threatened to curse anyone's family for not voting for me, if that's what you're asking."

Harry eyes Severus. "Professor McGonagall is not pleased," he says.

"I know." Severus sounds even more exhausted at that.

"Are you running the school for him?"

"No," Severus says shortly. "He had no conditions for helping me obtain the position, except not using the position to work against him. Do you really think I could have convinced the Tonkses to come work here if they thought me loyal to the Dark Lord?"

Harry shakes his head slowly.

"I obtained the position by promising the board I would keep Hogwarts students out of the war. Andromeda is willing to serve as Slytherin Head of House because we are in full agreement that we must do everything possible to keep teenagers from becoming Death Eaters."

"That's... that's good, but what if You-Know-Who changes his mind about leaving you alone?"

"How do you mean?" Severus asks, frowning. "He doesn't leave me alone, but I can handle it."

"Can you?" Harry blurts out.

Severus gives Harry a dark look.

"Hermione is worried you're going to go along with whatever You-Know-Who plans for Muggle-borns," Harry blurts out in a rush. "That she'll just show up one day and she won't be allowed a wand."

"I don't know what the Dark Lord's plans are."

Harry sighs. "Have you tried... just... asking him?"

"No," Severus says, staring down at the floor.

"I would like to ask him, er, if there's an opportunity," Harry says stoutly. "But I'm more worried, right now, about your plans for Hogwarts." There is something distinctly awkward about interrogating Severus like this; it feels out of place. But Harry thinks of Hermione's scared face in Ron's bedroom, and plows ahead. "Will you do whatever You-Know-Who tells you to?"

Severus lifts his eyes back up to Harry. Severus reaches out and puts a hand on Harry's shoulder. "I will not be complicit in the persecution of anyone based on blood status," he says firmly.

The tightness in Harry's chest eases up slightly. "You promise?"

Severus nods his head sharply, once. "Blood purity is bigoted nonsense. Magical talent is diverse and varied; it comes in many forms and degrees and only seldom does it have any connection to ancestry. When it does come to inherited magical traits or talents, those talents are not lost by mixing in Muggle blood. Sometimes they are even enhanced. That is a proven fact. And—honestly, if anyone were objective about it, they would admit that to be a pureblood is not enviable. At least, not in such a small population as Wizarding Britain. Look at all the problems inbreeding causes—the special diseases that only affect them, or a particular madness that manifests itself in certain families."

Harry breathes slightly easier. "Why did you join the Death Eaters, though?"

Severus takes his hand off Harry's shoulder, and angles himself slightly away from Harry. He stares at the wall of portraits for a while before answering.

"It's a long story," he finally says, eyes still distant.

"I want to hear it," Harry says firmly.

"Very well," Severus says, smoothing down the robes in his lap. It is almost a nervous gesture. "You have gathered, I trust, that I had an unpleasant childhood. My mother was from a pureblood family, the Princes. My mother never spoke to her family after her marriage to a Muggle, nor they her. I've never spoken to any of them. Most purebloods aren't prejudiced against half-bloods, but some of them... some of them cannot abide blood traitors. A pureblood witch who marries a Muggle."

Harry nods.

"Unfortunately for her, the Muggle my mother married turned out to be abusive when he found out—years after I was born—that she was a witch. She withdrew into herself, and neglected me."

Harry had already gathered as much. He nods again.

Severus sighs. "Hogwarts, for me, was just as miserable as my childhood. Yes, there were elements of the Dark Lord's political platform that were very attractive to me. But mostly, I wanted anything that had a chance of bettering my life. It is fair to say I was very interested when Lucius Malfoy approached me about meeting the Dark Lord.

"And then... then I met him." Severus eyes Harry sideways. "You—I think you might actually understand. No authority figure has understood me like him, before or since. No one has valued me as much, been as kind to the outcast, bullied child that I was." Severus takes a deep breath, and ducks his head. "I have loved him since I was sixteen."

And with that, suddenly Harry does understand. He understands, intimately, how an unloved child might imprint on the first stranger who shows him a crumb of kindness. Harry supposes he is lucky that Severus, instead of Voldemort, found Harry when he was ten. (Or, in another world, someone fiercely and unquestioningly loyal to Dumbledore... like Hagrid.)

"So," Harry says into the silence that has descended. "What will you do if he takes over the Ministry and passes a law that Muggle-borns aren't allowed to have wands or attend Hogwarts?"

Severus turns to stare at Harry. He clearly is unprepared for the question.

"Well," Severus says, then stops and blinks. "Well," he tries again. "Do you want me to tell you I will shelter the Muggle-borns here and defy him?"

Harry nods. He really, really does want that.

"Yes," Severus says softly. "I... yes, I owe it to them. I will protect the Muggle-born children as long as I have breath to spare."
Chapter 50: The Half-Blood Prince
Notes:

    More smut in this chapter!

Chapter Text

Harry finds himself incredibly busy between homework and Quidditch, but he eventually finds time to walk the grounds alone with Ron and Hermione during a break with some measure of privacy. He tells them about Severus's promise not to run the school for Voldemort, and to help the Muggle-borns if it comes to it.

Hermione is pink-cheeked and looks very pleased, but doesn't say anything.

"Well, hopefully it doesn't come to that," is Ron's take. "Wouldn't it void whatever deal you two have with You-Know-Who?"

Harry shrugs. "It's up to him to interpret it, I suppose, but all we promised was not to harm or try to vanquish him. Minding our own business and protecting our friends shouldn't count."

Hermione gives Harry a very quick hug before they head back inside.

 

Hogwarts continues to feel very safe, even though the news from the outside world is unpleasant. No parent tries to withdraw their children from school, but everyone hears about it when Hannah Abbott's mother dies and Hannah is pulled out of class.

Although it might be frivolous, Harry throws himself into Quidditch. He is pleased with the team he puts together after tryouts—although he suspects Hermione interfered with the process in order to sabotage a very obnoxious would-be Keeper, with the result that Ron kept his position. Harry knows he is using Quidditch to distract himself from his troubles, but he also feels like Quidditch is the only thing he's good at anymore.

Harry and Draco resume their practice of flying together before breakfast most mornings. Neither of them talk about Voldemort, Snape, or politics. Harry is intensely curious what Draco's opinion of Professor Black is, but Draco won't say much. He shrugs and says she seems fair, and that she hasn't singled Draco out for any particular attention, negative or positive.

Harry doesn't pry further into Draco's messed-up family connections or life in Slytherin House. He likes Draco best when he is flying around the Quidditch pitch, with no one to put on a show for, and it's just them and the cold morning air.

In Potions, Harry continues to excel. He always did okay in Severus's class—he did want to please Severus, but Severus was a poor teacher in a classroom setting and Harry had never been inspired to learn potions the way he was for Occlumency and dueling lessons. But Professor Tonks's classes are amazing, and Harry's secondhand text turns out to be a secret weapon. Once Harry deciphers the scribbles, he realizes that they are hints and shortcuts and tricks for instant success in potions compared to the official text.

Over the course of the month, Harry spends a lot of his free time studying the scribbles and annotations in the secondhand copy of the potions book. The previous owner jotted down spells Harry had never heard of, in addition to potions shortcuts, and Harry shares a few with Ron and tries them out. They become an instant success in the Gryffindor sixth year dormitory, rendering Harry very popular for having discovered them.

Only Hermione is skeptical about the book. "'This book is the property of the Half Blood Prince'?" she asks, quoting the inscription scrawled inside the back cover. "How pretentious is that."

Harry snatches the book back from Hermione. "Let me see," he says, not having noticed the inscription before Hermione pointed it out. He stares at it.

Half-Blood, and Prince. The answer is instantly obvious to this version of Harry. He is in possession of Severus Snape's potions textbook when he was a student.

Harry feels a surge of affection at the idea of learning more about teenage Severus. He doesn't go and turn in the book to the adult Severus.

 

In mid-October, rumors arise that the Hogsmeade weekend might not happen, but they turn out to be false: the trip happens as it always does, but with extra security. Filch is a pain as everyone leaves the castle, and the weather is miserable, and the trip turns out to not really be worth it. Harry, Ron, and Hermione decide to head back to the castle early, and they find themselves walking the path with Draco. Crabbe and Goyle are noticeably absent.

"Hello," Hermione says, civilly if with a bit of coolness.

Draco nods at her and doesn't say anything.

"Where are Crabbe and Goyle?" Harry asks. They accompany Draco everywhere—except morning flying sessions.

Draco eyes Harry, Ron, and Hermione with something like mistrust. "None of your business," he says.

"Well, I like that," Hermione sniffs. "You don't really think we cared, did you? Harry was just making conversation to be polite."

Draco wrinkles his nose at her, but with visible effort, refrains from replying.

To Harry's very great surprise, Draco later confides in Harry when they are on broomsticks the next morning, fifty feet above the ground.

"They're all, well, all they can talk about is wanting to become Death Eaters and fight in the war," Draco says. He does not need to clarify who 'they' is. "I'm... I just wish they would stop. Maybe I want to be a kid for a bit and not think about the war all the time."

"You're not being forced to join up already, are you?"

"No, I successfully avoided him all summer, actually," Draco says, not quite meeting Harry's eyes. "And I don't think he's interested in teenagers, unless it's a special case, which I definitely am not."

Harry nods. "You know Severus will do whatever he can to help you, right?"

Draco blows out his breath. "I don't need your bloody concern, Potter," he says frigidly. "I'll be quite all right. I just thought you were interested in the story about Crabbe and Goyle."

"Right," Harry says, a bit baffled by Draco's frosty reaction. "Sure. Yeah. Er, shall we head inside? Breakfast is probably ready."

They head into breakfast without saying anything else to each other.

 

Ron and Hermione start fighting, although Harry is quite clueless as to why until the day of the Quidditch match against Slytherin. Ron has a bad case of nerves leading up to the match, and he bickers with everyone and threatens to quit the team. His performance on the field is not great, and Harry discovers that he doesn't really like captaining a team and being Seeker at the same time; it is hard to keep an eye on everything that happens with the team because he just wants to fall into his usual, comfortable routine of circling the sky with Draco, far above the field.

Gryffindor and Slytherin are tied when Draco spots the Snitch; yet again, Harry proves that he can outfly nearly everyone and just barely grabs it ahead of Draco.

Draco makes a half-hearted attempt to insult Harry, but as he doesn't really mean it, he's easy to ignore as Harry celebrates the win with the rest of the team in the air.

Things between Ron and Hermione somehow get worse after the win, and before Harry knows it, Ron is snogging Lavender Brown in the common room during the post-game party.

Harry is too mortified to know how to feel about that. He has—mercifully—moved on from his crush on Cho Chang, and dimly noticed that Ginny Weasley is smart, funny, athletic, self-assured, and very pretty. But she is dating Dean Thomas. Apparently Harry has a type: Quidditch players who are interested in someone else.

Harry leaves the party to find Hermione, who is clearly upset about Ron and Lavender. Harry and Hermione find some solace in solitude together.

In December, Ron finds time in between snogging Lavender to tell Harry he is invited to the Burrow for Christmas. After checking with Severus, Harry declines the invitation. There is a possibility Harry will be able to speak to Voldemort over the break about his plans for Muggle-borns, and Harry has no intention of passing up even the slightest chance to get answers.

 

After the students are safely on the Hogwarts Express and the castle is mostly empty for the Christmas holidays, Severus relaxes for what feels like the first time since September 1. He didn't fully anticipate how difficult this position would be, especially with three new staff members. Severus has spent far too much of this time this term soothing ruffled feathers among the staff and the parents, who can't seem to decide whether they trust Severus or not.

One thing Severus will claim to have done, and done well: no student has joined the Death Eaters or the Order of the Phoenix under his watch. Oh, there are some who will no doubt join up as soon as they finish school. They were not receptive to Severus's efforts to reach out to discuss it. He feels they are beyond his reach. But perhaps the next year of students will not be.

Harry elects to stay at Hogwarts during the holidays, but he claims this is because he wants to talk to Voldemort, not to Severus. Severus interprets this as a desire to be left alone, and so he does leave Harry alone. He spends the days catching up on his correspondence and being scrupulously polite to the professors who also chose to stay at Hogwarts for the break.

He takes time off to attend the Malfoys' Christmas Ball, and encounters a great deal of people who want a piece of his time, but he does not see or hear anything from Voldemort.

Severus is in his office on Christmas Eve, taking a moment to himself to read the latest Practical Potioneer with a steaming cup of tea, when Hogwarts' protective enchantments register a disturbance on the grounds.

Severus hurries outside and down to the lake. He knows it is Voldemort before he sees him.

For some reason, Voldemort is at Dumbledore's tomb. Even more bizarrely, the tomb is open.

"My Lord," Severus says indignantly. "What are you doing?"

Voldemort slowly turns to look at Severus. He looks exhausted. His eyes are puffy and his face is lined. He looks even paler than usual, if that were possible.

"Severus," Voldemort says in greeting, his voice sounding thin and reedy.

"You don't look well," Severus blurts out without thinking. "Er, would you like to come inside for some tea?" he adds, trying to salvage it.

"Tea cannot fix me," Voldemort says.

"Come inside anyway," Severus presses. "What are you doing out here? You've bested Dumbledore, do you really need to gloat over his dead body?"

"I was not—" Voldemort says sharply, then abruptly stops. "Yes, I will come inside," he says instead.

Severus asks no further questions. He imagines he does not want to know what Voldemort did to Dumbledore's body. Voldemort disillusions himself, and they walk into the castle and up to the headmaster's office in silence.

Visible again, Voldemort sinks into a chair in front of Severus's desk. "I am weary beyond reckoning. I have been engaged in a quest, one which has turned out to be quite beyond me."

Severus has no idea what to say to that. "Is there anything I can do to help?"

"I don't suppose you want a shag?" Voldemort asks, his tone almost casual.

Severus tenses, his hand tightening around his teacup. He wants Voldemort very badly; he has missed him and desired him. Severus's nerves suddenly feel like they are on fire, and he starts to feel heat pool inside him. But....

"I might," Severus says cautiously, "but do you remember that I wanted you to apologize?"

Voldemort sighs, and runs his hand over his bare scalp. "Yes, fine. I am sorry for asking you questions you did not want to answer right after we had sex. I will respect your post-coital boundaries in the future. Happy?"

"Ah, yes," Severus says, letting go of his teacup. "Would you like to go upstairs, er, now?"

"Please," Voldemort says, suddenly breathy.

Severus stands, and offers a hand. Voldemort takes it, and Severus leads him through the hidden doorway behind a bookcase and up a small spiral staircase to a spacious bedroom. Severus disrobes, and helps Voldemort out of his own clothes. They lie on the bed together and Severus runs his hands lightly over Voldemort's arms and chest, then presses their lips together.

Voldemort is yielding, soft, and supple. He seems content to lie here and kiss and touch, without urgency. He lets Severus take the lead, palming his cock and fingering the sensitive skin behind it. Severus touches Voldemort everywhere, kissing him all the while; he tastes sweet and warm.

"Severus, please," Voldemort says, breaking off the kiss. "I want you in me."

Severus briefly wonders what it is with Voldemort and Christmas; at all other times of the year he has been domineering and forceful. But now he is trembling with need underneath Severus, wanton and flushed.

Severus uses a spell for lube and a finger to prepare Voldemort, dropping kisses down his chest and running a hand up and down his thigh. Severus takes his time, unceasing in his efforts until Voldemort is shaking, throwing his head back and panting, spreading his knees and begging Severus for his cock.

Severus slides into Voldemort like he belongs there, like it was only yesterday they last did this, like it is something he wants to do every day. Severus moves, eliciting small moans and whimpers from Voldemort. He is at peace with the world; the rhythm smooth and the friction perfect. Severus wraps one hand around Voldemort's cock, stroking it in time with Severus's own thrusts, and in unison, both men shudder and come into each other.

Severus withdraws, and lies down at Voldemort's side. When his breathing has calmed down, Severus reaches for his wand and performs a cleaning spell. He curls up into Voldemort's side, and matches his breathing to Voldemort's.

His heart is full, and Severus almost wants to say it.

Love.

Severus smothers that emotion. He can't—he can't mean it in the way he wants. As things stand between Severus and Voldemort, it would be a mockery of the word.

Severus buries his face in Voldemort's bare chest and chokes down whatever he wanted to say.

 

When Severus wakes up, Voldemort is still there. Severus's arm is draped over Voldemort, who is snoozing lightly, giving a soft snore every now and then. Light is streaming in through the windows, giving the room a warm, cozy feel. It is Christmas morning.

Severus gingerly removes his arm and slides out of bed. He accomplishes this without disturbing Voldemort, fortunately. He uses the washroom and heads downstairs to his office. It is chilly. He lights a fire, warming the room instantly. He gathers up his presents, giftwrapping them and sending them off to the recipients—the Hogwarts staff, and Harry of course—via house-elf.

Voldemort still hasn't made an appearance by that time, so Severus moves to an armchair in the corner of the room and relaxes with a book. He has work to do, yes, but even Severus wants to take today off.

Severus is still reading when the hidden door opens behind the bookcases and Voldemort emerges. He is dressed in a pair of Severus's robes, which look very good on him—he must have lengthened them slightly by magic.

"Good morning," Severus says. As Voldemort approaches the armchair, Severus raises his face and parts his lips slightly.

Severus stays still and does not make any other move in invitation. Voldemort hesitates for a moment, then bends down and presses his lips to Severus's. His touch is very light, and he withdraws almost at once. It is a perfunctory kiss, but it warms Severus to his core.

It is the first time they have kissed outside of having sex.

"Good morning," Voldemort responds. He withdraws to the other side of the office and sits in a window seat. He stares out of the window. It is sunny, and the snow is sparkling. It is a beautiful view.

"How are you feeling?" Severus asks.

Voldemort rests his head against the windowpane. "I am exhausted."

"Did you sleep well?"

"I slept well," Voldemort answers, and does not say anything else.

After a painful lapse in the conversation, Severus tries again. "Would you like breakfast? Or tea?"

Voldemort closes his eyes and appears to consider this question at great length. "I will take some water," he finally decides.

Severus rises, goes to a cupboard, and pulls out two glasses and a pitcher of water. He pours water into both glasses, then crosses the room to hand one to Voldemort, who accepts it without a word of thanks, and sips at it.

Severus returns to his armchair with the other glass. Voldemort seems very disinclined to engage in conversation, so Severus turns back to his book. He attempts to put Voldemort's attitude out of his mind for now. It is Christmas, after all.
Chapter 51: Politics
Chapter Text

Harry wakes up, alone in the boys' dormitory this Christmas. He opens his presents, enjoying the usual haul from his friends, the Weasleys, and Severus—and Dobby, of course—then checks the Marauder's Map. He notes Severus is alone in his office, but by the time Harry dresses and starts walking over to the headmaster's tower, Severus is no longer alone.

Well, that's fine. Harry wanted to speak to Voldemort anyway.

The gargoyle lets Harry in without a password, again, and Harry knocks on the door at the top of the stairs, then lets himself in.

"Merry Christmas," he says cheerfully to Severus, and holds out a gift-wrapped present to Severus.

"Oh," Severus says softly. "Harry. Thank you."

Severus slowly unwraps the gift; it is a beautiful pair of boots, charmed to keep out all weather and stay soft and supple forever.

They were expensive. Harry caught Severus eyeing them in a shop in Hogsmeade last year and ducked into the shop to purchase them surreptitiously. 

"Wow," Severus says. "Thank you, Harry. I'm not—I'm not prepared for you to be grown up," he admits, looking up from the gift to fix Harry with a hopelessly fond expression on his face.

"I'm ready," Harry says emphatically, moving across the room to plop down in another chair. "I'm tired of being a kid. Er, happy Christmas," Harry adds, giving a shallow nod to Voldemort sitting beneath the window. "I didn't get you anything."

Voldemort turns his head to sneer at Harry. "I don't do Christmas."

"Of course you don't," Harry retorts good-naturedly. 

Voldemort sneers again, but he says nothing and turns back to look out the window.

"Hey, ah, can I ask you something?" Harry says tentatively, leaning forward in his chair. Voldemort does not respond, or give any sign that he is listening, but Harry plows on. "What are your plans for Muggle-borns when you win?"

That does cause Voldemort to turn to look at Harry again. 

"When I win, rather than if?" he asks, sounding amused and intrigued. He shoots a brief but fond look at Severus. "What a wonderful question. In 1970, I released a manifesto that explained what I wanted and why. I'm sure Severus can get you a copy."

"Of course," Severus agrees. "But the Ministry has made it illegal to possess. Don't get caught with it."

"The Ministry made a document illegal to possess?" Harry asks indignantly. "How are we supposed to educate ourselves about the war if we aren't even allowed to know why it's being fought?"

"No one in this room is fully on the Ministry's side," Severus reminds Harry. He stands, and disappears through a door hidden in a bookshelf. 

Harry stares at Voldemort while Severus is gone. Voldemort does not look back at Harry. He is looking out the window again.

"One of my best friends is a Muggle-born," Harry tries. "She's the best in our year and the smartest and nicest witch I know."

"I don't care about Muggle-borns," Voldemort says, his breath fogging against the glass of the window. He might be talking to himself, rather than Harry. "But my supporters do."

Harry continues to stare at Voldemort. "What is that supposed to mean?"

The hidden bookcase door opens, and Severus reenters the room. He hands Harry a thin, ordinary-looking magazine, then returns to his seat in the corner of the room.

Harry opens the magazine. It is only a few pages. It contains a letter addressed to the Ministry and the Wizengamot. The letter begins with the usual nonsense about purebloods and the importance of old wizarding families, and Harry starts skimming until he finds a paragraph about Muggles.

The letter demands that the Ministry break its treaties with the Muggle government, and lays out several examples of how these treaties have harmed wizards. The Ministry of Magic is apparently not allowed to interact with Muggle-born children before the age of eleven, and has no authority over the children outside school until the age of eighteen. Feeling his stomach sink, Harry reads about cases of accidental magic outright killing Muggle-born children, and how Ministry will not intervene in most cases of underage accidental magic, unless the situation is serious enough to involve Obliviating the witnesses.

This, then, is why no one showed up to the Dursleys to help Harry control his magic when he was younger. It was literally illegal.

Harry reminds himself that he cannot necessarily trust this letter, and makes a mental note to ask Hermione to do some of her own research. 

Harry keeps reading. According to the letter, the Ministry of Magic isn't allowed to investigate or prosecute crimes committed by Muggles against wizards or witches; they have to get the Muggle authorities to do it. That has led to numerous cases of domestic violence... and child abuse, Harry reads with an ache in his heart. 

Harry skips ahead to the last paragraph, the reason he opened this in the first place: a tidy list of demands. Withdraw from the International Statute of Secrecy and all treaties with the British Muggle government; declare the right of wizards to dictate their own interaction with Muggles and the right of Wizarding institutions to decide Muggles' fates to the extent it affects wizards; restore ancient hereditary family seats that had been abolished from the Wizengamot; bring Muggle-borns into Wizarding society the instant they are discovered to have magic as children and prohibit Muggles from raising magical children.

The letter ends with a flourishing signature bearing the name "Lord Voldemort."

The demands seem... quite different from the rhetoric Harry has heard about the war in the past few years. He checks the date on the latter—January 1970. 

"Does this still accurately reflect your current goals?" Harry asks, looking up at Voldemort again.

Voldemort turns away from the window, but it is only to scowl at Harry. "I have bigger problems at hand than figuring out what to do with the Ministry after it's mine," he snaps. "I have been moving mountains, sacrificing everything I have and everything I am, reaching the absolute limits of my tolerance trying to find a solution to the problem of your existence." 

Harry shrinks back a little; Voldemort's expression is murderous and his tone is very bitter. 

"Don’t blame the boy for your recklessness in attacking him and his parents that night," Severus interjects, standing up from his chair and moving in between Voldemort and Harry. "Your soul shard is not Harry's fault."

Voldemort pulls his cloak around him more tightly, and turns his back on Severus, forehead against the windowpane. He does not respond.

Severus sighs, and comes to sit by Harry. "You can keep that for a bit if you would like to show a copy to Ron and Hermione," he says, with a nod at the slim magazine. "But please, please don't show it to anyone else."

Harry nods, his throat tight. "Is it true?" he asks. "All that stuff about it being illegal to protect Muggle-raised children?"

"Yes," Severus answers, his voice gruff. "Thanks to treaties with the Muggle government, magical interference with Muggle families must be kept to a minimum. Different Ministers have interpreted the 'minimum' amount differently, but... well, Cornelius Fudge was incredibly hands off and deferential to the Muggle government."

"But it's not right," Harry whispered. "Why did the Muggles even want this? Magical children in Muggle families need more help, not less."

"I don't know," Severus answers. "Muggles have always been afraid of magic. I suppose it was their way of insisting we stick to our own sphere."

Harry laughs, an ugly sort of sound. "Now I see why his political platform was attractive to you. Some of our current laws are horrible."

Severus doesn't say anything.

"Although I am a bit lost on what this has to do with killing Muggle-borns," Harry says, raising his voice a bit.

The figure huddled in the window seat doesn't move.

And at that moment, a house-elf pops into the room. "Headmaster, the Minister for Magic is in the entrance hall, wanting to meet with you."

"Oh, bloody hell," Severus cries, throwing up his arms. "What awful timing."

Voldemort sits up and turns around, an expression of interest on his face. "Is he. The Minister for Magic himself?"

"With three Aurors," the house-elf adds, giving Voldemort a look of disapproval.

Severus nods to the house-elf. "Please show them up," he says, sounding resigned. Then Severus turns to Voldemort. "You cannot be thinking of taking on the Minister and three Aurors at the same time!"

Voldemort looks more animated and alive than he has at any other point since Harry came up here. "We could take them together," he says, his eyes sparkling.

"No," Severus cries. He takes a few steps forward, grabs Voldemort's hand, and falls to his knees. "Please, please, please do not kill the Minister in Hogwarts, Master." Harry is shocked by Severus's tone: he is desperate, begging. "You will ruin me, it would be publicly taking your side and I will lose the support of the entire staff and all the parents. And it would not end this war, not while the Ministry is still not yours!"

Harry feels frozen in place. He has never in his life imagined what it would be like to hear Severus Snape beg for something. It is incredibly unpleasant to watch. 

And what Harry is supposed to do if Voldemort starts dueling Aurors in here, he has no idea.

"Fine," Voldemort sighs, pulling his hand out of Severus's. His entire face falls, until he looks nothing but tired and worn down. "I'll be upstairs."

Voldemort rises, steps around Severus, ignores Harry, and dramatically pulls his cloak into place as he disappears through the hidden door.

Severus makes an indistinct, sad-sounding noise. He stands up, very slowly, and turns to Harry. He holds out a hand. "You'd better disappear, too, come on."

Harry takes the hand, and lets Severus pull him to his feet. But as Harry takes a few steps towards the door, it opens, and the Minister for Magic enters the office.

It is the first time Harry has seen Rufus Scrimgeour in person, and he makes a strong impression. He is fierce, shrewd-looking, and tough. Harry can believe he is someone who has fought many duels where the other guy came out looking worse.

"Ah," Scrimgeour says, lighting up when he sees Harry. "Harry Potter. I heard I could find you here. Merry Christmas."

Scrimgeour holds out his hand, and Harry shakes it. Harry feels extremely awkward and is highly aware he is giving the Minister a sad, limp handshake.

"Minister," Severus says, in a tone that is polite and firm. He is standing up extremely straight and is wearing his coldest, most dour expression. It is hard to believe he was nearly falling apart at Voldemort's feet a minute ago.

"Merry Christmas, Headmaster," the Minister says, and shakes hands with Severus. "How do you do."

"How can I help you?" Severus asks, letting go of the Minister's hand and leaning against his desk, crossing his arms over his chest. "I did not know to expect you on this... holiday," Severus says, a little frostily.

"Actually," Scrimgeour says, turning to stare at Harry. "You're the person I wanted to see."

"How come?" Harry asks stiffly.

"I have been trying to contact you for a while," Scrimgeour says. "But my letters have never gone through. Quite mysterious."

Harry just grunts in response.

Harry does not help the Minister with the conversation as the Minister obliquely, and painfully, tries to get to the point: he wants the Chosen One's public support in the war, either interviews in the papers or just to be seen dropping by the Ministry in a show of solidarity and approval.

"Why doesn't the Ministry look in on children raised in Muggle homes?" Harry asks abruptly, as soon as Scrimgeour has finally made his request. "To make sure their accidental magic is doing okay and the Muggles aren't hurting the kids because they don't understand it?"

Scrimgeour looks flabbergasted by this change in subject. "Well, Harry—I have no idea what you mean—Muggle-raised children aren't exactly known to us in advance, I don't have any notion of how that could work—"

"But instead you make it illegal," Harry says hotly. "Illegal to help or take kids away if they're being abused."

"Well, the Muggles have their own way of handling child abuse...." Scrimgeour starts, but he is visibly rattled.

Harry crosses his arms over his chest. "In fact, these policies are so entrenched that the Ministry actively made it illegal to find out that You-Know-Who had at least one reasonable political demand at the beginning of the war, didn't it?"

Scrimgeour shoots a nasty look at Severus, one that promises violence and retribution. His expression is smooth again when he turns back to Harry. 

"I'm sure I am not hearing you come out in support for the worst, most murderous Dark wizard Britain has ever seen," Scrimgeour says, his voice hard.

Harry laughs. "Because if I were, that'd be illegal too? No freedom of speech here."

"Mr. Potter," Severus interrupts, clearly uncomfortable with the direction this conversation is heading. "What he means is that he'd prefer to be left alone until he finishes school, Minister. He's just a boy."

Scrimgeour clenches and unclenches his fist. "Is it true you're destined to defeat him?" he asks Harry, ignoring Severus.

"Like the headmaster said, I'm sixteen. A not-fully-trained, underage wizard who survived by pure chance when I was too young to remember it. How could the 'Chosen One' rumors have even a shred of truth?"

Scrimgeour stares at Harry silently a little while longer, still visibly angry. Eventually, he stands, and throws his cloak back over his shoulders.

"You will regret this," he says in a low voice.

"I really doubt it," Harry says, shifting in his chair until his back is to the Minister. "Happy Christmas, though."

Scrimgeour doesn't answer, and says nothing else as he leaves, followed by his guard of Aurors.

The office is silent for a while. Severus sighs, and gives Harry a long look. Harry cannot at all tell what he's thinking.

"Should've let You-Know-Who kill him," Harry says finally, trying to give Severus a smile.

Severus laughs, and ruffles Harry's hair. "You don't mean that, Harry."

And no, Harry doesn't mean it, but what a bad set of choices Britain is presented with! A murderous, insane Dark Lord versus centuries of a corrupted, oppressive institution. At the moment, Harry hates them all.

 

When Harry leaves and Severus heads upstairs, he finds Voldemort not upstairs, but standing just behind the hidden door. Clearly eavesdropping.

Startled, Severus has to check himself before he barrels straight into Voldemort.  

To Severus's relief, Voldemort starts laughing.

"You've done a good job with Potter," Voldemort says, pulling Severus into his arms and kissing him on the cheek. 

"The Ministry digs its own grave," Severus replies, both pleased with Voldemort's reaction but also wanting to downplay any expectations for Harry.

"Please tell Potter next time you see him that his Muggle-born friend will be perfectly safe," Voldemort murmurs into Severus's ear. "I am very satisfied with him."

Severus sighs. "You are as devious as ever," he says. "Everything is about ulterior motives with you."

But even as he says this, Severus allows himself to relax into Voldemort's hold.
Chapter 52: Circling the Wagons
Notes:

    I've gotten some questions about who Harry is shipped with in this fic. The answer is no one (there is no Harry ship in the tags). So far the story has vaguely followed canon with his crushes on Cho and Ginny. The fic will not continue to follow canon, that is, Harry will not actually date Ginny. Harry will explore some other romantic feelings but there is no endgame ship for him. You can think of him as some flavor of aro/ace, if you like, but also it's possible he is just not interested in romance yet.

Chapter Text

Harry's friends return to Hogwarts after the holidays. He is happy to see them, but he discovers that he has to tell his story twice, because Hermione and Ron can't stay in the same room as each other and remain civil.

Ron is delighted to hear that Harry stood up the Minister. He merely laughs at Harry's recount of his attempt to ask Voldemort to summarize his political goals. "He's totally mad," Ron says. "Not a rational bone in him. Dunno why you bothered, mate."

Hermione has the opposite reaction: appalled that Harry would be so rude to the Minister, and delighted to hear that Voldemort might not personally desire the slaughter of all Muggle-borns.

"Except this idea of taking Muggle-borns away from their parents at the first sign of magic... obviously it's better than murdering them, but it is a bit appalling," she adds.

Harry shrugs. He feels that a good person would agree with Hermione. But when he thinks of the Dursleys, he can't quite do it.

"Anyway, Snape says you, at least, are safe, because you're friends with me," Harry says, changing the subject.

"Oh," Hermione answers. "I'm trying not to feel conflicted about that. Thanks, I suppose."

 

Term starts. Ron and Lavender continue to be completely absorbed in one another, and Harry finds himself wondering why he's never kissed a girl. He daydreams about what it would be like to kiss someone—but the dreams are amorphous, unshaped: he can't really imagine it. And Harry has no inclination to ask anyone out who is actually single.

When uncomfortably bold girls like Romilda Vane ask him out, he is quick to stammer out a 'no.' Harry cannot even process the mere idea of it.

The new term also brings Apparition lessons, which sound difficult and intimidating to Harry. It turns out that very few wizarding teenagers know anything about Apparition, which surprises Harry. He imagined that it was another subject he was behind on compared to kids raised in magical families, but that is definitely not the case.

Apparition is maddeningly difficult, and no one is successful during their first lesson. Susan Bones Splinches herself, terrifying the rest of the students. Harry wonders if it isn't better to stick with broomsticks.

Ron is planning on going to the next Hogsmeade weekend with Lavender, so Harry makes plans to go with Hermione. The trip falls on Ron's birthday, who wakes up to a large haul of presents that morning.

Ron has to open them before they go down for breakfast, of course. Harry is absorbed in reading the Half-Blood Prince's textbook, and gives Ron distracted but amused nods at every present. Ron is overly excited—seventeen is a big deal for wizards. Harry turns down an offer of one of Ron's chocolates, thinking he would prefer to have breakfast first.

The entire morning is derailed when Ron decides he is in love with Romilda Vane, the aggressive girl who Harry ran away from earlier. Checking the Marauder's Map, Harry learns that Severus is not at breakfast yet, so Harry takes Ron up to the headmaster's office.

Severus is not amused by Ron's predicament. He has an antidote on hand, and agrees that coming to him was the most prudent choice.

While Ron processes the antidote and becomes incredibly mortified over the affair, Severus quizzes Harry.

"I think the chocolates were for me," Harry explains. "Romilda Vane gave them to me. I was getting something out of my trunk and Ron picked them up off the floor."

Severus takes a deep breath. "I'm sorry to ask this, Harry, but I don't have much of a choice. Did you indicate to Miss Vane that love-potions-doused chocolates would be welcome?"

"Absolutely not," Harry says, filled with horror and utterly floored by the question.

"Administering a love potion without the subject's consent is highly illegal," Severus explains. "If Miss Vane were of age, she would lose her wand over it."

"It should be illegal," Ron mutters. "How is it that ordinary shops can sell this crap?"

"It's legal to buy, and legal to use with the subject's consent," Severus says, deliberately ignoring Ron's language. "It's not well regulated, to be sure. But the penalties are steep if you get caught."

"You'll deal with Romilda?" Harry asks hopefully, envisioning many more attempts to administer love potions in his future.

"I will," Severus says, looking very serious.

Ron does not want to go to Hogsmeade, after that. He begs Harry to tell Lavender he is ill and has to cancel. Harry hates being a messenger in this way, but he does find Lavender at breakfast and he lets her know. She gets huffy with him, like Ron being sick is Harry's fault.

Harry and Hermione have a nice day in Hogsmeade. It's cold, but bearable. Fred and George find them, and after learning Ron is sick, task Harry and Hermione with delivering Ron his birthday present from the twins.

Hermione refuses to have anything to do with it, but Harry takes the present and promises to get it to his friend.

By the end of the day, the news is all over school: Romilda Vane has been suspended from school, for the rest of the term. No one appears to have any idea why, but Harry is fiercely (if privately) glad.

 

Over Easter break, Voldemort visits Hogwarts again. Harry learns this when he gets a note from Severus stating that Voldemort is asking to see Harry.

Harry assumes Severus wouldn't have passed on the message if it were dangerous for Harry, so Harry leaves his things strewn about the Gryffindor common room and proceeds to the headmaster's office.

Voldemort is sitting underneath the window again. He still looks worn and ill when Harry arrives, but this time he has a small smile for Harry instead of latent hostility.

"Harry. Thank you for coming. I have a request for you, if you would hear me out," Voldemort says.

"What?" Harry asks cautiously.

"Your old house-elf—that is, the house-elf who used to serve the Blacks—"

"Kreacher," Harry supplies.

"Yes," Voldemort nods. "Kreacher told me an extremely interesting tale. Apparently Regulus—do you know who Regulus Black was?"

Harry nods.

"I have learned that Regulus stole something of mine. It is in Regulus's house, which Kreacher cannot tell me the location of. That indicates to me he is still operating pursuant to your orders, or perhaps the location is under a Fidelius Charm. Kreacher could tell me that you inherited it."

Harry makes an indistinct sound.

"I would very much like this object back," Voldemort says.

"How much do you want it back?" Harry presses. "Maybe enough to promise not to harm my friends?"

Voldemort has his arms crossed against his chest. He starts tapping his fingers on his upper arm, while staring at Harry.

"I've already promised not to hurt your Muggle-born friend," Voldemort says after a while.

Harry narrows his eyes. "And what about Ron Weasley? From the blood-traitor family?"

"Honestly, Harry, I couldn't care less about either of them."

Harry and Voldemort stare at each other. "So, then, it's not a big deal to promise not to harm them," Harry finally says.

"Fine," Voldemort snaps. "Fine, I agree. Now will you let Kreacher in the house to look for the object?"

Harry nods. He never had any real intention of refusing. Voldemort summons Kreacher, who demonstrates to Severus's consternation that strange house-elves can appear and disappear in Hogwarts at will despite all the protective enchantments and without the headmaster's permission.

Kreacher listens to Voldemort and Harry, and agrees to help without any arguments. Harry and Kreacher depart for Grimmauld Place together, using house-elf magic to again bypass Hogwarts' protections.

Kreacher has dark comments about the state of the house and what the "nasty blood traitors" did to his mistress's precious place, but he disappears to the attic where Harry and Severus stored most of the old dark artifacts they found in the house. Kreacher comes back clutching a heavy gold locket.

When Kreacher and Harry appear back in Hogwarts, Kreacher is weeping.

"This is Master Regulus's, it is, it's not yours," Kreacher said to Voldemort, clutching the locket against his chest.

Voldemort stares coldly at the sobbing house-elf. "Narcissa would be extremely upset if I killed you," he says in a tight voice. "Please know that is the only thing keeping you alive right now. Give me the locket."

Kreacher doesn't give Voldemort the locket, but allows Voldemort to pry it out of his grip. Kreacher is still sobbing when Voldemort orders him to return to Malfoy Manor and he disappears with a crack.

Harry feels vaguely ill from having watched that. "Right, then," Harry says. "If you don't need anything else from me, I have essays to write."

And at Voldemort's nod, Harry flees the office as quickly as he can.

 

Ron is a combination of elated and smug to hear he now has Voldemort's personal guarantee for his safety. Harry gives it fifty-fifty odds that he will remember to refrain from bragging publicly about this new development.

The Quidditch match against Hufflepuff dominates Harry's time and attention after that. Ron is doing better in practices, and Harry considers it to be quite a good team. Luna Lovegood provides commentary during the match, which is hilarious to the point of being distracting. She doesn't know any of the players' names or anything at all, really, about Quidditch. Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are neck and neck most of the game, until Harry spots the Snitch and catches it nearly without competition from the Hufflepuff Seeker.

The high of the Quidditch win doesn’t seem to help Ron and Lavender's relationship, because Lavender decides to spend more time pestering Harry about Ron than she does actually spending time with Ron himself. With every day that shows signs of Lavender getting grumpier, Hermione's mood seems to be become more cheerful, which is a trade-off Harry will take.

Hermione and Ron are able to sit for an official Apparition test before Harry, who has to wait until after he turns seventeen. Hermione passes the test, but Ron does not. It does not seem to cheer Ron up that now he and Harry can take the test together later in the summer, and Harry quickly drops the topic.

The last match of the season for Gryffindor is against Ravenclaw. Gryffindor's team is now so used to flying together—and winning—that they slaughter Ravenclaw. Harry doesn't feel bad when he almost knocks Cho Chang off her broom, because he vaguely feels some stuff about his life is her fault for dating Cedric when Harry had a crush on her. Gryffindor wins the game by a large margin, and takes the Quidditch Cup.

The party in the Gryffindor common room goes long and late that night. At one point, Ron has evidently had enough of Lavender, and breaks up with her in spectacular fashion, accompanied by much yelling and gesturing. Lavender disappears upstairs, crying, while Hermione sits by the fire and tries to pretend she isn't laughing.

But after that, there is nothing left to look forward to in the term. The students are faced only with having to take exams more seriously.

 

During exam week, Severus receives an unexpected visitor in his office.

"Severus," Andromeda Tonks greets him. She takes a seat without awaiting an invitation. "May we speak frankly?"

"By all means," Severus says, making a slight gesture with his hand. He is intrigued; he and Andromeda have, prior to now, been quite formal and impersonal with each other.

"Are you a Death Eater?"

Her stare is penetrating. Her resemblance to Bellatrix Lestrange is uncanny, at times, and this is one of those times.

"I am not," Severus answers truthfully.

Andromeda doesn’t blink. "My sources say you are."

He offers some more honesty. "I used to be."

Andromeda considers that for a bit.

"What is the nature of your relationship with You-Know-Who now?"

Not that much honesty. "Who are your sources?" Severus parries.

"Touché. I suppose we are not ready to be fully frank with each other," Andromeda acknowledges. "Very well. I am here because I have received... a warning, if you will. Advice that my husband should leave the country. That he will not want to be here for what's coming this summer."

"Ah," Severus says. "That is... not entirely unexpected."

"Right," Andromeda says, sounding grim. "He will not be taking the advice. We are staying here, and fighting."

Severus nods. "If you're concerned about your employment, don't be. Your positions are safe as long as I am headmaster."

"I see," Andromeda says, relaxing fractionally. "I did not really expect that you hired us only to fire us within a year, but—"

She breaks off.

Severus nods again. "I don't, and never will, support the persecution of Muggle-borns," he says firmly.

"Then, there is something more I wish to discuss," Andromeda says, leaning forward. "I believe it would be very ill-advised to send the Muggle-born students home this summer. Underage wizards, living with Muggles? They would be defenseless."

"Quite defenseless," Severus agrees with a sinking feeling. How had he not thought of this himself? It was the same thing with Lily, when she was in school during the first war. "You are right. We ought to keep Hogwarts open for them."

Andromeda looks thrilled he has suggested it. "Yes," she says. "In the guise of summer classes. Ted and I would like to meet personally with the Muggle-borns and explain the situation—no offense, but you are probably not the one best suited for the task."

"None taken," Severus says, his lips twitching.

"But we should let anyone who wishes stay, so there is less stigma attached to it."

Severus nods again, but sighs. "It will require a budget we do not have. I'll speak to the governors."

"Ted and I will donate our salaries," Andromeda says immediately. "And I'm sure other teaches will offer the same."

"That would be helpful," Severus agrees. "I will speak to all the teachers and see who is willing to stay to supervise and teach. But we do need extra money for food and other supplies."

"We'll make it work. If you are on board."

"I am."

"And you... what will you say if he demands you turn the school over to him?" Andromeda asks, leaning even further forward and fixing Severus with an intense stare.

"He will not," Severus says, and he is reasonably confident about that. "But if he does—if he demands the Muggle-borns—I will do everything in my power to keep all the students safe."

"So will I," Andromeda vows.

 

Word spreads quickly around the school as soon as the students get wind of the summer term at Hogwarts. As far as anyone can tell, there hasn't ever been a summer term at Hogwarts. Most students don't see the point of it and are loudly glad it isn't mandatory.

Hermione and Harry don't even need to think about it; of course they want to stay at Hogwarts. Hermione writes to her parents to explain about the war and suggest they leave Britain. Harry is staying because Severus is staying.

Ron wants to stay with Harry and Hermione, but he's not sure his mother will approve. He decides to write her and ask.

Harry learns, while flying with Draco one morning, that he intends to stay at Hogwarts.

"Do you think you'll be able to avoid You-Know-Who if you stay here?" Harry asks carefully. Last time he brought up this subject, Draco was insulted by the implication that he would want to avoid Voldemort.

"I can't avoid him forever," Draco says, with a shrug. "But Snape thinks I should put it off as long as I can, and that staying at Hogwarts is a good idea."

"Does You-Know-Who expect you to become a Death Eater as soon as you finish school?" Harry asks with morbid curiosity.

"I don't think he thinks about me much at all," Draco says. "At least, I hope not."

 

Harry survives his exams, and hopes he did well enough to satisfy Severus. Mrs. Weasley gives Ron and Ginny permission to stay at school for the summer—surprisingly, her letter is enthusiastic about the idea. With the war heating up, apparently Mrs. Weasley still believes Hogwarts is safe, even with Dumbledore gone.

She does request that Ron attend Bill and Fleur's wedding at the beginning of August. Ron says he will think about it.

Hermione's parents write back to approve her decision to stay, but they decline to flee the country themselves. Harry and Hermione discuss it and decide Hermione's parents probably are not a priority target for Death Eaters.

 

Summer classes at Hogwarts are more fun than they are class. Most professors have agreed to stay on without additional salaries, and enough non-Muggle-born students have stayed that it's not generally viewed as being tied to blood status.

Classes focus on outdoor activities—exploring the Forbidden Forest to observe magical creatures in their natural habitat, practicing dueling on broomsticks over the lawn, growing and gathering magical herbs and plants outside the confines of the greenhouses. Harry and Draco end up spending a few mornings a week running a flying camp for the very youngest students who stayed at the castle. He also gets the chance to renew his friendship with Justin Finch-Fletchley, as they drifted apart somewhat since meeting as children the summer before they started Hogwarts.

When it rains, the Muggle Studies professor, Charity Burbage, hosts everyone in the Great Hall to show Muggle movies on a big projected screen. Harry and the other Muggle-raised kids are delighted by this, and eventually even the kids who were raised in magical households come to appreciate the upsides to really good cinema.

Everything is quiet in the newspapers, and for a time, Harry can almost forget there is a war on.
Chapter 53: Hostage
Notes:

    As a reminder on the timeline, these events are taking place during what would be the first chapter of Deathly Hallows.

    If anyone is interested in following along this chapter with a floorplan, I sketched a (low quality, MS paint) map of Malfoy Manor here: https://i.imgur.com/3m9Gej0.png.

Chapter Text

For the first week of the summer, Severus hears absolutely nothing from Voldemort about his summer project. Andromeda reports that she hasn't heard any talk about it either. Severus keeps all the Floo connections in the castle carefully closed. The gates to the school stay locked unless someone is actively using them, but there has been no sign of any Death Eaters prowling around. And Scrimgeour is still Minister of Magic, still putting up a fierce opposition to Voldemort.

Severus has encouraged the professors to stay inside Hogwarts for the summer and to minimize travel, but did not strictly require it.

In retrospect, he will admit he was overconfident of his ability to protect those whom Voldemort and the Death Eaters targeted.

On Monday morning of the second week of summer, Severus has not even noticed his Muggle Studies professor is missing—she left Hogwarts to visit her brother for the weekend, he knows that, but classes have started and she has not shown up. Yet Severus hadn't registered that she is overdue to return when he receives the anonymous correspondence by owl.

The missive is printed in crude, block letters.

Snape, We have your Muggle-lover "professor." She dies if you don't come sort things out with us. You know where to go.

It is unsigned.

The shock is like a bucket of cold water thrown over his head. Until this moment, Severus innately believed in his ability to stay neutral, to navigate being an ex-Death Eater and protect Muggle-born children and adeptly fence with Voldemort over politics and access to Hogwarts and sex.

This message, however, could not be from anyone but Death Eaters, angry over Charity Burbage's public advocacy against Voldemort's war and Severus's continued employment of her.

Severus forces himself to consider the possibility that these are not rogue Death Eaters, but a tactic sanctioned by Voldemort. Targeting someone else, because Voldemort cannot target Severus directly.

Severus doesn’t know what the message means by 'you know where to go'—Severus decidedly does not know—but a good start would be to find Voldemort.

Severus dresses in plain work robes, suitable for fighting, and a light cloak for traveling. He hides a backup wand deep in an interior pocket. He scribbles a note for Harry that he is going to visit Voldemort at Malfoy Manor, and Harry should get help from Professors McGonagall and Black if Severus doesn't return in three hours.

He opens the Floo connection in the headmaster's office, but opens it to one place only: his own house at Spinner's End. He travels to the empty house, then promptly turns back to the fireplace and travels to Malfoy Manor.

He emerges into the sitting room. There is only one person in the room: Narcissa.

"Severus," she says stiffly, looking up from her book to give him a guarded look. "I heard you would be coming. They're in the drawing room."

"Oh," Severus says, with a sinking feeling. His behavior is apparently so predictable that the letter worked to direct him here without having to actually say so.

"Don't look at me that way," she says defensively. "I have nothing to do with any of this. Is Draco well?"

"Draco is happy and well," Severus replies. "He's growing highly proficient at dueling on broomsticks."

This is an exaggeration; Draco's skills are merely passable. But the compliment is easy enough to pay.

And it makes Narcissa smile.

Severus takes his leave of her, and makes his way down the corridor, through the reception hall, crossing the imposing entrance hall and pausing for a second before placing his hand on the door to the drawing room and pushing it open. His wand is out in his other hand, ready to use on a moment's notice.

The room is dark; the curtains are closed and there is no fire in the fireplace. There is a long table in the room in place of the usual furniture. Two figures are standing by the door, and they look up at Severus's entrance.

"Snape," says one of them in a flat voice. It is Mark Selwyn, a Death Eater a good bit older than Severus and never one inclined to be friendly towards him.

"Selwyn," Severus says with a nod, and glances at the other Death Eater. "Travers," he adds. Martin Travers is also much older than Severus and also never a friend.

"You've gone rogue," Selwyn states flatly. "You know he has plans for Mudbloods once we take over. I have no idea what you think you're doing at Hogwarts, but it ends now." Selwyn nods at a figure on the floor. "Or she snuffs it."

Severus glances down to see Charity Burbage trussed up in ropes from head to toe. She looks understandably terrified, squirming and making small whimpering noises.

"Did the Dark Lord approve this?" Severus asks. He is fairly confident he can beat Selwyn and Travers together in a duel, but if Voldemort is behind this—

Something dark flashes in Travers's eyes. "We know there are orders not to hurt you," he snaps. "We won't touch a hair on your greasy head, Snape. But we don't have to hurt you to get what we want, do we?"

That isn't much of an answer, but something about Travers's manner causes Severus to suspect this plan is at least not fully sanctioned by Voldemort.

Severus gives a disdainful sniff. "Professors are replaceable," he sneers. "I have no idea why you thought I would care that much."

Severus half-turns as though he is going to walk back out the door. In the corner of his eye, he sees Travers flash a spell his way.

Severus is quick to whip back around to deflect it. In the same breath, he casts a curse at Selwyn, who ducks.

The hostilities unleashed, the Death Eaters attempt to curse Severus in earnest. They send some nasty hexes Severus's way, which he dodges. With a wave of his wand, he picks up a few chairs and sends them crashing into the Death Eaters, derailing whatever they were going to cast next, and takes a few steps towards Charity. He grabs her arm and clutches the emergency Portkey he wears at all times.

Nothing happens.

Portkeys are apparently blocked here.

Sacrificing these few seconds in the duel puts Severus at a disadvantage as the Death Eaters circle him and cast spells at him, almost faster than he can deflect. He is now in a position of having to protect Charity from stray curses as well, and although Severus starts to pull out the really bad curses himself—Unforgiveables and his own cutting curse—nothing lands.

While Severus is distracted with his losing battle, the door opens, a third person in Death Eater robes enters the room, and takes Severus down with a single spell from behind.

He blacks out.

 

When Severus comes to, he is sitting in a chair. Slowly, he raises his head and opens his eyes.

Voldemort is standing over Severus. He looks cold and displeased.

"Explain what happened," he orders.

Severus cannot feel anything below his neck, so he glances down at himself to see if he is intact. He does not look harmed. He looks back up at Voldemort.

"My Muggle Studies Professor was kidnapped," Severus answers. "I received an anonymous note telling me to come here or she dies. Selwyn and Travers met me here, and informed me they wanted me to shut down Hogwarts' summer program in exchange for her life. I said no. We dueled. It appears that I lost."

Voldemort's expression remains impassive throughout this explanation. "I see," he says, when Severus is finished, his tone similarly giving no clues as to what he is thinking.

Voldemort straightens up, and leaves Severus's side to walk over to Charity. Severus cranes his neck to look; she is conscious and still bound. She tries to shy away from Voldemort as he gets closer.

"I have plans for her," Voldemort announces as he looks down at her. Severus cannot tell whether Voldemort is speaking to Severus or someone else. "She is the guest of honor at the Death Eater meeting tonight. Selwyn and Travers were wrong to imply to you that you could save her."

Charity makes a panicked sound at this, and struggles harder to get away from Voldemort. It is useless; she is going nowhere.

A sick feeling settles in the pit of Severus's stomach. "Charity has been my colleague for years now. She is a friend. Please don't do this."

Voldemort leaves Charity alone, and returns to looming over Severus.

"She has been an outspoken political opponent of mine," Voldemort states dispassionately. "I asked her to stop. She declined. This is the consequence."

"Master, please—" Severus starts, feeling desperate.

"Stop," Voldemort instructs curtly, and Severus stops talking at once.

"I did not order anyone to kidnap you," Voldemort explains. "But you understand why you have antagonized my supporters."

Severus nods, his throat thick.

"Why are you doing it?" Voldemort asks simply, as though it is a simple question.

"They are children in my care," Severus says. "I owe it to them."

"You don't even know what I have planned for them," Voldemort says, his lip curling.

Severus shakes his head in seeming agreement. He is not remotely inclined to say anything to Voldemort about Andromeda and her "sources" right now. He will not implicate her in these dangerous waters.

"I am debating whether I consider it a matter of seeking to vanquish me," Voldemort adds casually.

Severus's insides go cold. The worst possible scenario.

"I am protecting those I care about," he says in a hoarse whisper. "I am not taking political sides. I didn't—I didn't approve any newspaper editorials hostile to your cause, and I'm not telling any of the students that your cause is wrong, and I'm—"

"Silence," Voldemort says, and Severus instantly falls silent again. "I said I am considering it, not that I have decided."

The desperate need to plead his case is overwhelming. Severus clenches his teeth to force himself to keep his mouth shut. The room falls into silence. Voldemort stares at Severus. It is difficult to hold his gaze, and Severus eventually blinks and lowers his eyes.

"I don't mean to hurt you," Severus eventually chokes out.

Voldemort does not reply. He stares silently at Severus for another few, impossibly long minutes.

"You will attend the Death Eater meeting tonight," Voldemort finally says. "It might do you some good."

And with that, Voldemort turns and sweeps out of the room, leaving Severus and Charity alone.

"Severus," Charity cries as soon as the door closes. "Severus, help me, please!"

"Dammit," Severus swears in response. "What possessed you to leave Hogwarts if you knew he wanted to kill you, Charity?"

She doesn't say anything coherent, only whimpers.

"I'm immobilized and I doubt I still have my wand," Severus continues. "I have no idea what you expect me to do to help."

Severus wants to swear at Charity some more, but he is acutely aware it won't do any good. She is traumatized and barely mentally present.

Severus takes a deep breath, closes his eyes, and focuses on the only thing he can possibly do in this situation: attempt to free himself using wandless magic.

His concentration is shattered when he hears something heavy fall to the ground on the other side of the room. Severus's eyes fly open and he stares at the figure of Draco Malfoy, getting ungracefully to his feet. And behind him, falling out of the empty and unlit fireplace, is Harry.

 

Back at Hogwarts, about three hours earlier, Harry receives Severus's note with some bemusement. It makes him feel treated simultaneously grown-up and like a child: Harry is trusted with Severus's plans, but Harry must immediately go for adults if something goes wrong.

When three hours pass and Dobby informs Harry that Severus has not returned to Hogwarts yet, Harry has no intention of fetching the adults like Severus ordered.

Instead, he tracks down Draco, who is doing laps outside on a broom.

"Oy!" Harry shouts up at Draco, who descends and lands next to Harry. "Look," Harry says, showing him Severus's note. "This was more than three hours ago. Let's go make sure everything's okay."

Draco eyes the note with mistrust. "I'm at Hogwarts for the summer to keep away from this kind of stuff," he protests. "Professor Snape wouldn't want—"

"It's your house," Harry interrupts. "You can navigate it and find him without being detected, can't you? I don't see how McGonagall or Black will be any help here. Neither of them would want to step foot inside Malfoy Manor willingly, would they?"

Draco gives Harry an uneasy shrug.

"I'm going," Harry announces. He nods down at the broom swung over his shoulder. "Are you with me, or no?"

Draco sighs, and shoulders his own broom. "Fine," he says. "But if you get me killed by Death Eaters, my parents will never forgive you."

Harry and Draco trek out to the school gates, which are unlocked from this side. They slip through, closing the gates behind them—"We'll come back with Professor Snape," Harry reasons, "so we won't be locked out"—and then debate how to get to Malfoy Manor.

Draco advises the Floo would be quite unsafe as they would be immediately detected. Neither boy has his Apparition license yet. Draco is finally of age and so can't be caught using magic outside school, but he believes Harry still has the Trace on him. Nonetheless, Draco assures Harry that the chances of the Ministry detecting underage Apparition this close to Hogwarts—or at Malfoy Manor, the residence of adult wizards—are basically nil.

Anyway, Harry tells him, the Ministry has much larger problems to deal with right now than underage magic. So he and Draco agree to attempt it.

They successfully Apparate to Malfoy Manor without Splinching themselves. They appear just outside the entrance gates, which are closed fast against them. But Draco doesn't hesitate; he taps on them with his wand, and they open.

"Would that work for me too?" Harry asks, intrigued.

"Definitely not," Draco snorts. "Come on—let's fly the rest of the way. Easier to stay undetected, I doubt anyone will be watching for an approach by air."

"Why couldn't we Apparate closer to the house?" Harry asks, as he shades his eyes to look around. He spots a large house sitting on a lawn that is still a considerable distance away.

"There are complex spells preventing it, and they cover these entire grounds," Draco explains. "I couldn't undo them even if I had a whole month to concentrate. We won't be able to leave by Disapparition either."

Fortunately, they make it to the manor unchallenged, without seeing anyone at all. They land on the roof, which is gently sloped and easy enough to walk on. Draco heads for a small dormer window protruding from the roof. Again, he taps it his wand to open it. He climbs through, and Harry follows.

"This is the potions lab," Draco explains. "No one uses it, I figured it'd be safe."

"What's it for, if no one uses it?" Harry asks curiously, looking around at the dusty equipment and empty shelves.

Draco shrugs. He calls for Kreacher, who appears and informs Draco that yes, Professor Snape is in the drawing room. No, Kreacher doesn't know what is happening there and it is none of Kreacher's business if Kreacher wishes to keep his head on his shoulders, thank you very much.

"We'll sneak in down there," Draco decides.

Draco leads Harry out of the potions lab, down a hallway lined with windows on one side, and through the second door on their right. The room he enters reminds Harry of Dudley's second bedroom in the Dursleys' house: full of old, broken toys and gadgets and books that are no longer actively enjoyed, and probably haven't been enjoyed in years.

"Your old playroom?" Harry guesses.

Draco nods, and makes his way across the room to the fireplace. "This is the same chimney as in the drawing room, exactly two floors below us," Draco explains, his voice now a whisper. "We'll just crawl down it and look."

"How exciting," Harry agrees, his heartrate speeding up.

Draco picks up a ladder made of ropes and wooden slats, and carefully unfolds it and lowers it into the chimney. "You've done this before," Harry says, fighting the urge to giggle. "Sneaking out when you're grounded?"

"Maybe," Draco says evasively. "I'll go first."

Harry nods.

The chimney is, well, a chimney. It is wide enough for a skinny teenager to crawl into, but it is dark and filthy. Draco lights his wandtip to see. Harry has to fight an impulse to sneeze. Climbing down, they pass one opening—Harry looks through a grate to see a beautiful, grand room lined with shelves full of books—and keep going.

The ladder is not quite long enough to reach the bottom. Contorting himself, Draco hangs upside down from the bottom rung to peer through the fireplace at the base of the chimney.

He instantly draws back up, cringing away from the opening.

"He is in there," Draco whispers up to Harry, sounding frantic. "We have to leave, now!"

"Is Snape there too?" Harry asks.

"Yes," Draco admits, and that means Harry won't budge.

"You can go, if you want," Harry tells Draco, but he is blocking Draco on the ladder—there isn't room for Draco to get around Harry.

Draco fumes silently, shooting dark glares at Harry and fidgeting nervously. But it's not long before Draco peers back down and announces that Voldemort has left the room.

Draco can't manage to untangle himself from the ladder gracefully, and he falls headfirst out of the chute. Harry lands behind him a few seconds later, managing to stay on his feet, wand up and ready to encounter any situation.
Chapter 54: Deadly Remorse
Chapter Text

"Professor Snape!" Draco rushes to Severus's side. "What's going on? Do you need to be rescued?"

Severus glares at Draco, then Harry. "What possessed you to come?" he snarls. "You were to get Minerva and Andromeda!"

"We made it here, didn't we?" Harry asks indignantly. "What are you just sitting there for? Let's go."

Severus is angry at Harry for coming here and dragging Draco into this, but he has to admit that he does need rescue.

"I am stuck to the chair," he grudgingly admits.

Severus walks Harry through trying several potential countercurses to free him, while Draco kneels next to Charity and severs the ropes holding her. Harry finally finds a spell that works, and Severus takes inventory of himself: he is unhurt; his own wand is gone; but his backup wand is still hidden deep in his pocket, so he is not helpless.

"Out the way we came in?" Draco proposes, helping Charity to stand up.

Everyone nods.

Charity leans heavily on Draco as they cross the room, but gets some strength back as she goes, and is able to climb the ladder up the chimney. 

"What happened?" Harry asks Severus after they climb up two stories and emerge into the dusty old playroom.

"I'll explain later," Severus says. "I don't suppose we could make it to the Floo?" he asks Draco.

"The only connection is in the sitting room on the ground floor," Draco says with a shake of his head. "And I wouldn't trust we could make it undetected to that room. The upper floors are pretty safe, thanks to my mother's insistence, but the ground floor...."

Draco trails off.

"We flew in," Harry says, indicating the broomsticks sitting on the floor.

"Are there two extra broomsticks?" Severus asks.

"Not in the house," Draco says. "They're in the shed by the Quidditch pitch, on the other side of the grounds."

"Fine," Severus says. "We'll make a run for it on foot."

Harry frowns, but agrees. Harry is confident he can pilot a broomstick with a passenger, but he supposes he would have trouble fighting in the air while encumbered by a passenger, and so if they were caught by Death Eaters, they would run a serious risk of crashing.

The group returns to the potions lab. Severus has Draco and Harry fly to the ground, then he summons their broomsticks back to him at the attic window, and he and Charity use them to fly down. Charity has regained some color, and the presence of mind to give Harry and Draco both a quick squeeze on the arm in thanks for the rescue.

Harry and Draco shoulder their broomsticks, and everyone sets off. They walk through the woods to avoid the main path that leads back to the entrance gates.

They almost make it.

They are so close to the gates when a loud crashing sound comes from the trees behind them, and a group of Death Eaters swoops through the branches. The four of them break into a run, but the Death Eaters are much faster on broomsticks than the escapees are on foot. Perceiving it is useless, Severus stops abruptly and turns to Harry.

"Get the other two out of here," Severus says breathlessly. "I'll stop them from following you."

"No," Harry says, shoving his broom at Charity. "You two go—you've no guarantee of good treatment from them, Professor. And you don't want to be spotted here at all, Draco."

Whether it's because he's still a bit of a coward or because he believes what Harry is saying, the fact is that Draco doesn't need to be told twice. He hops on his broom, helps Charity mount hers, and they zip off into the air almost as soon as Harry is done speaking.

Severus doesn't have time to be furious with Harry for disobeying him. Severus turns and waves his wand through the air, pulling trees down on the approaching Death Eaters. It works to stall most of them, who fall off their brooms and advance on Severus and Harry on foot, wands drawn. Shoulder-to-shoulder, Severus and Harry exchange spells with the closest ones, weaving and ducking in sync like they worked on during practice dueling sessions for the past two years.

"Stop!" says the panicked voice of Lucius Malfoy, rising above the din. "We're not supposed to hurt them—"

Most of the Death Eaters obey and fall back, but one man snarls at Lucius and steps away from him. "I'm sick of this," he growls. Severus recognizes Glover Goyle, Gregory's father. "I'm ending this, once and for all."

"Don't!" shrieks Lucius, his voice shrill and piercing.

Harry aims at Glover and yells out, "Sectrumsempra!" Nothing happens; his spell doesn't reach that far. And it is too late. Fiendfyre erupts from Glover's wand, galloping towards Severus and Harry. Severus meets the onslaught with his own counterspell—not that there is a counterspell to Fiendfyre, but a skilled wizard can pour energy and magic into diverting the fire away from himself.

The counterspell has only marginal effect. The fire circles them, consuming the trees and scattering the Death Eaters, some of whom have lost their broomsticks and are screaming, terrified and unable to control the fire themselves. Sweat pools on Severus's skin and drips down his face as he strains against the fire.

"We have to go," Harry urges. He sounds rational, rather than panicked, but a little desperation leaks through his voice.

"Right," Severus agrees. He reviews his options. He cannot Apparate on these grounds, or use a Portkey, or conjure a broomstick from inside a locked shed. And while Severus can fly without a broomstick... he knows he cannot fly unaided while supporting another person. He has tried it before, and always loses control and crashes. And his concentration is almost entirely focused on holding the fire back. He knows it will fail—but he decides to try. Desperate times call for desperate measures.

Severus wraps his arms around Harry, and tries to take off. He makes it about six feet into the air, but then loses concentration totters and falls. His feet slam into the ground hard and he feels something snap in his knee. 

"Go without me," Harry says, instantly understanding the problem.

Severus silently refuses. If he leaves, the flames will have Harry in a second. While Severus is conscious, he can at least—

Severus turns his entire attention back to keeping the flames at bay. It is a losing battle. Severus gradually sinks to the ground as he drains himself of magical and physical energy.

Calmly, with complete clarity and presence of mind, he gives up and accepts that they will die here.

It is at that very moment when someone comes hurling through the air towards their small clearing inside the fire, flying without a broomstick, robes billowing behind him.

It is Voldemort. Voldemort stoops and picks up Severus, supporting him underneath the arms, and lifts his own wand to join in on Severus's counterspell.

Their magic joins easily and fluidly, just like they'd practiced countless times during the first war. Power surges through Severus; the kind of power he hasn't felt in a long time. With each of their magical power magnifying the other's, the control Severus has over the flames becomes instantly more effective—they bend to his will, slowly turning away and smothering themselves in the ground. And somewhere on the other side of the flames, someone else is helping: the Fiendfyre's original spellcaster, Glover.

The three of them eventually master the last of the flames, which snuff themselves out on the dirt. Severus lowers his wand, shaking and trembling from the effort of the counterspell. Voldemort releases Severus, and Severus falls to the ground again.

Severus watches as Voldemort strides towards Glover, a tower of fury.

"You nearly killed them," he seethes at Glover, sparks flying from his wand.

"They are enemies," Glover protests, most unwisely.

"Crucio," Voldemort snarls, and Glover shrieks and collapses, writhing on the ground.

Harry helps Severus to his feet.

"Let's go," Harry urges, and Severus nods. He starts limping away from the scene.

No one follows them as they head to the gates. When they exit the grounds and Disapparate together, Glover's screams can still be heard cutting through the air.

 

Severus and Harry appear in front of Hogwarts. Severus considers it a minor miracle that he didn't Splinch himself. Draco and Charity are nowhere to be seen, although as a professor Charity could of course have unlocked the gates. Severus unlocks them himself with a tap of his wand, and he limps through with Harry beside him.

"So, what happened?" Harry repeats his question as they make their way up the path to the castle.

"No one is pleased about Hogwarts staying open for Muggle-borns this summer," Severus explains. He is too tired to try to find a way to tell Harry the truth gently. "The Dark Lord is trying to make up his mind about whether that voids our truce or not."

"I thought he liked you!" Harry says indignantly. "You're sleeping together!"

"You don't have to like someone to want to have sex with them," Severus drawls. "Do we need to talk about sex ed again?"

"No," Harry says. "I get it. But he was extremely angry that that Death Eater tried to kill you."

"He was extremely angry the Death Eater tried to kill you," Severus says wearily. He is so exhausted from battling the Fiendfrye, he feels like he could sleep for a week. His knee is throbbing, and his head is killing him. "Fiendfyre would have wiped you out, and his Horcrux along with you."

"Oh," Harry says in a small voice. "Oh, right."

"Where did you learn that spell?" Severus suddenly asks, his tone sharp. "Sectrumsempra."

Harry casts Severus a look of mingled defiance and chagrin. "From your book," Harry says. "I found it in the Potions classroom when looking for a textbook last-minute, as I hadn't ordered one."

"Do you even know what that spell does?" Severus asks exasperatedly. "You can't just test unknown spells on people, Harry."

"I know it's for enemies," Harry says stubbornly. "He was trying to kill us, wasn't he?"

Severus sighs, and doesn't answer that. "You will turn the book in to me immediately," Severus orders, and Harry doesn't argue.

When they enter the castle, Severus marches Harry to the hospital wing, refusing to take Harry's word for it that he's fine. To his relief, he finds Charity there as well, who is sitting on a bed with Draco. She still looks disoriented.

Madam Pomfrey finds absolutely nothing wrong with Harry or Draco, but she lays into Severus as soon as she realizes how injured he is.

She sends Draco and Harry away, and then turns a fierce glare on Severus.

"What happened?"

"Death Eaters," Severus says grimly.

"You look like you almost died," Pomfrey says bluntly.

Severus doesn't answer that. His brain refuses to process the fact that he had just accepted his and Harry's deaths. He doesn't want to think at all. Distantly, he lets himself be talked into spending the night in the hospital wing.

 

Severus is woken by something in the middle of the night. He feels disoriented; everything is dark and the room seems silent and undisturbed.

It takes him a moment to see the house-elf beside his bed.

"Headmaster," the elf says. "The Dark Lord is in your office. He came in through the fireplace, just now."

She sounds like she is on the verge of panic.

"Bloody hell," Severus swears. "Thanks for letting me know so quickly."

He gets out of bed. His knee doesn't even twinge, and his head feels clear. He gives silent thanks to Pomfrey and races to the headmaster's office as quickly as he can. He pulls open the door to his own office, completely out of breath and feeling harried, to find Voldemort sitting peacefully in the headmaster's chair.

"How on earth did you get in here," Severus says, closing the door and leaning on it, panting hard.

"The Floo connection between here and Spinner's End is open," Voldemort answers, sounding acerbic. "And you know I am able to bypass the protections on that old house."

Severus wants to smack himself in the face. After leaving yesterday, he did indeed forget to come back up here and shut the Floo. He cannot believe his stupidity—Voldemort could easily have come through with a dozen Death Eaters, and Severus would have been helpless against them.

"I come in peace," Voldemort adds, taking two wands out of his pockets and putting them on the desk. Severus recognizes his own wand, and Charity's wand.

Severus takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. "What do you want?" he asks.

"Can we go upstairs?" Voldemort asks. "I'm not discussing this in front of the portraits."

"Very well," Severus acquiesces. He picks up his wand off the desk and opens the hidden door to the bedchamber. Voldemort follows him through.

Severus can't help but remember last time they were up here together. Severus was feeling so warm and optimistic about Voldemort. He feels the exact opposite now.

Voldemort lowers himself onto Severus's sofa. Severus remains standing next to him.

"The episode with Fiendfyre... concerned me," Voldemort says, so low Severus has to strain to hear him. "I cannot go through that again."

"Yes," Severus agrees softly.

"I've searched for a year," Voldemort continues. "All over the world, every stone I thought might be unturned. I've—done hideous things. I have found no solutions to my problem."

Voldemort pulls out a wand that is longer and more golden than his usual wand. Voldemort looks at it like it is something he's never seen before. But in Severus's opinion, it appears rather unassuming. Severus frowns at it.

"I even have this," Voldemort says, staring at the wand. "I am its master as I killed its former owner. It's... incredible, but it couldn't mend my soul."

Voldemort pauses. Severus directs his frown at Voldemort. "You got a new wand? Why?"

"Yes," Voldemort says with a sigh. Then he puts the wand away and looks back up at Severus. "Never mind. It's better that you don't know what I'm talking about."

Severus's frown deepens.

"I should take Harry and lock him away from the world and permit him to go nowhere and do nothing," Voldemort continues bitterly.

The silence stretches on. Severus is too tired to be afraid anymore, or to argue. He simply waits for the verdict.

"But I am mindful of my word to you." Voldemort sighs. "It's time to try it your way. Remorse."

"Oh," Severus says, and moves towards Voldemort. Severus sits down next to him and takes his hand.

"It's stupid," Voldemort says, sounding like a child. "The very concept is absurd. But I've accepted it. And I have devised a way to ensure it won't kill me."

"Oh?"

"I've removed my memories of certain of the murders," Voldemort explains. "There's no chance of reversing all of the Horcruxes at the same time—which I've come to understand is a considerable risk in this process—by exercising remorse if I don’t remember the circumstances of their creation. And if I have any Horcruxes remaining, I will at least not... die in this process."

Severus hesitates before speaking. "Do you know what remorse is?" he wonders.

"Of course I do," Voldemort says, suddenly looking a hundred years old. "I have regretted Lily Potter's death ever since learning how deeply it hurt you. I have been walling off that emotion, but it is time to... un-wall it."

Severus nods, feeling too emotional to speak.

"I don't know how long it will take," Voldemort says. "I should like you to stay with me for the process."

Severus nods again. "Of course," he agrees.

Voldemort removes his clothing, and climbs into Severus's bed. He stretches out, lays his head on the pillow, and goes still.

Severus doesn't climb into bed with him. He stays on the couch and watches Voldemort breathe, until Severus too falls asleep.

 

Severus wakes up in the morning with a sore neck. He sits up and tries to massage it into working properly. He glances over at the bed. Voldemort does not appear to have moved at all. Severus stands up and gets close enough to check that he is still breathing and has a pulse.

Severus orders breakfast to be brought into the room. He sends a note to Flitwick advising that Severus has to skip class today and Flitwick will have to manage the dueling lessons on his own. Severus goes downstairs to the office briefly to retrieve correspondence and other paperwork that needs his attention.

The day stretches on without a change in Voldemort's condition. Severus orders lunch and dinner to be brought to him. He receives word from Pomfrey that Charity is much improved and feeling well enough to conduct movie night with the students.

Severus stares at Voldemort, so still and unthreatening, and tries to reconcile this person with the person who wanted to execute Charity at a Death Eater meeting just to make a point. Severus has always known Voldemort can be both heartachingly soft and unrelentingly cruel, but now Severus feels the uncertainty more keenly than ever, and he does not know where to go from here.

Before this near-death experience, Severus didn't regret helping Voldemort return. He accepted that his emotions and his life were tangled up with Voldemort's, and he wouldn’t have asked to change it.

And in the course of a few hours, he became ever so much less charitable towards Voldemort... just in time for Voldemort to cave on the issue of the Horcrux inside Harry and do as Severus had been wanting all along.

Severus sighs heavily, and pushes the topic to the back of his mind for now. He starts composing another response to a worried parent of a Muggle-born fretting about the rumors of war in the wizarding world.
Chapter 55: An Apology
Chapter Text

By evening, Voldemort is doing poorly. He is feverish, sweating and shivering in turns regardless of whether he is underneath or on top of the covers. He doesn't wake or speak in his sleep. Severus wipes his brow, has the house-elves change the sheets when they become soiled, and attempts to feed him a little broth. It sort of works, in very small increments.

The fever does not abate all night, and Severus barely sleeps himself. When he does fall asleep, it is restless, and he wakes up every hour or so. In the early morning hours, well before dawn, he starts to debate asking Pomfrey for advice. Not that soul-repair is her expertise—would it be anyone's expertise?

When it is no longer unpardonably early, he sends her a note to ask how long and how high a fever a wizard can sustain without damage, and her reply is encouraging—Voldemort's fever, while definitely uncomfortable, is not dangerous.

Severus's routine the second day is much like the first. He apologizes to Flitwick again, and composes the requested update for the board of governors on how the summer program is going. Voldemort shifts constantly in his sleep, but remains unresponsive to Severus's attempts to speak to him.

Severus has instructed the gargoyle at the entrance to the tower to let no one into his office, but when he receives word from a house-elf that it is Charity Burbage who wants to see him, he relents. He leaves Voldemort upstairs and goes to meet Charity in his office.

She looks well; physically, at least, fully recovered from her ordeal. Instead of her teaching robes, she is wearing jeans, trainers, and a polo shirt in what Severus interprets as a blatant refusal to permit recent events to change her ways.

"I'm so sorry," is the first thing she says to him. "What you must think of me. Completely useless under pressure."

Instead of taking the imposing chair on the other side of the desk, Severus pulls up a smaller chair and sits down next to her.

"Charity," he says, trying for his most comforting manner. He is not sure whether it is comforting enough. "No one would have remained calm in that situation. You have nothing to blame yourself for. We're here and we're both alive. I can't ask for more than that."

A flash of emotion crosses Charity's face. "How did you end up there with me?"

Severus frowns as he finds himself explaining what happened for the umpteenth time. He would have thought she would have pieced it together already. "The Death Eaters sent me a note that they'd taken you hostage, and I was to come if I wanted to see you alive again. So I came, but... well, I suppose I ought to have brought some back up."

That provokes a smile from Charity, but she erases it quickly. "You acted... very familiar with them. Are you a Death Eater, Severus?"

"No," Severus says. He can't say what moves him to be honest, but he finds himself answering candidly. As though she is a friend and trusted confident. He swallows a lump in his throat. "I used to be. I swore myself to his service when I was sixteen. He was the most impressive person I'd ever met and he was the first person I ever looked up to and wanted to impress."

Charity's expression is stony.

"He recently released me from being a Death Eater," Severus says. "I am opposed to his politics of blood purity. I intend to do everything I can to keep Hogwarts students safe. But I—we... he continues to exercise a fascination, an ingrained devotion in me that he is not above manipulating. He normally allows me to believe I have some modicum of control in our relationship."

Charity's mouth is tight. "But you don't."

"No," Severus agrees, the admission painful. "Monday hammered in that lesson for me."

It's that moment he realizes he hasn't given her her wand back. He stands up, retrieves it from his desk, and sits back down and hands it to her.

"Bloody hell," she says, taking it and staring at it. "Where did you get this?"

"From him," Severus admits.

"I—" Charity starts, then stops and shakes her head at whatever she was going to say. "Thank you for being honest with me. I appreciate it. And... thank you for coming for me."

"It's really Harry and Draco we have to thank," Severus says with a wry twist to his mouth. "I swear, you spend your life trying to protect children and they are the ones who come to your rescue. Life is funny, isn't it?"

"Funny," she echoes, although she does not sound like she thinks anything is particularly funny. "Listen, once I recovered, I realized that—that they were asking you to trade me for the Muggle-born students staying here this summer."

Severus nods.

"I'm glad you didn't agree to it," she finishes in a rush, the words coming out hurriedly. "I would never want you to. That's all I came here to say."

"Anytime," Severus says, as though he really had done her some great favor.

Their eyes meet, and they seem to exchange a kind of understanding. They have very different lives, very different beliefs and priorities and values, but on this issue, they are of one mind. She nods at him, then stands up and leaves.

As she leaves, another person enters the office in her place. It is McGonagall.

Severus gives her a tired nod. "Do you need something?"

She does not sit. "Charity Burbage told me what happened," she says, her face hard. "I misjudged you, Severus. What you've done this summer for the Muggle-borns... I am sorry I have been so hostile to you."

Severus slumps a little in his seat, tension evaporating from him. "There is nothing you have to be sorry for," he says. "Although I would be glad to have my friend back."

McGonagall surveys him. "You look terrible," she says. "I should let you rest."

And without further ado, she turns and leaves.

Severus watches the door close behind her, feeling a heavy weight in his stomach. She still does not understand the entire truth, but now that he's been so honest with Charity, he suspects McGonagall will hear it eventually.

With a vague sense that he is a really awful person, Severus goes back upstairs to Voldemort.

 

Severus gulps down a quick dinner and reviews Professor Fronsac's proposal for a new History of Magic curriculum in the coming year. He is energetic and enthusiastic about his subject, and Severus has high hopes for his ability to inject meaning into the lessons of the past. The students seem to like him well enough, although history is never going to be everyone's favorite subject. Severus is making some comments on the proposal, when Voldemort finally stirs and says Severus's name.

Severus is on his feet and at the bedside in a flash. Voldemort's skin has a little more color than usual, and he looks slightly more robust than he had been looking in the past year. Voldemort's eyes are open, and focused on Severus. They are as vividly red as ever.

"How do you feel?" Severus asks. He takes Voldemort's temperature again, and finds to his relief that it has gone down, nearly to normal. "Are you hungry? You have been out for two nights and two days."

Voldemort shivers, a profound shiver that passes through his entire body.

"Are you cold?" Severus asks.

There is a hint of a smile on Voldemort's face. "You are a devoted nursemaid, Severus." His voice is hoarse and gravelly, and slightly lower in pitch than normal. "I feel terrible. I don't know about the rest of your questions. I'm tired."

Severus takes Voldemort's hand and starts to say something, but he realizes Voldemort has fallen asleep again already.

Voldemort sleeps peacefully through the night.

 

Severus wakes up in the morning to discover that he fell asleep in the bed, and he is cuddling against Voldemort's side. Voldemort is awake, and sitting up.

"Good morning," Severus says sleepily, as Voldemort detaches himself from Severus. "How are you feeling?"

"Fine," Voldemort says, staring down at Severus with a faint frown. He looks even healthier this morning than he did last night, his complexion much improved.

"Did it work?" Severus asks.

"Oh, yes," Voldemort says. "Certainly. It was... painful."

Voldemort presses his lips together, then seems to reach a decision.

"Hold out your hand," Voldemort orders.

Unsure which one he means, Severus holds out both of them. Drawing his wand, Voldemort taps the palm of his right hand. White light spills out of it and dissolves into the air.

"You removed the geis?" Severus guesses.

Voldemort looks decidedly displeased, and Severus stops asking questions. Voldemort stares at Severus, until Severus begins to think he has done something wrong. Again.

"Why you put up with me is a mystery," Voldemort says abruptly. "I cannot understand it at all. I am horrible to you."

Severus blinks, shocked but endeavoring to hide it. His breath hitches a bit, and he says nothing.

"Why?" Voldemort demands. "Why do you remain at my call when I treat you so?"

"I love you," Severus says, startled into honesty.

Voldemort's frown deepens. "That is unfortunate for you," he says bluntly.

Severus feels like he is in freefall. He looks away, and says nothing.

Voldemort gets out of bed, and disappears into the bathroom. He emerges wearing his robes that Severus had cleaned and neatly pressed.

"Thank you," he tells Severus. "For everything."

It feels like Voldemort is saying good-bye. The thought makes Severus's stomach clench.

Voldemort exits the bedroom and Severus trails behind him. To Severus's horror, Harry is present in the headmaster's office.

"S-sorry," Harry stammers. "I was just coming up to find you because it's been ages since anyone's seen you. And to give you this," he adds, pulling out a book from underneath his robes and setting it on Severus's desk. Severus recognizes his old copy of Advanced Potionmaking.

Everyone is silent for a moment.

"I am sorry for killing your parents, Harry Potter," Voldemort says abruptly. "They fought against me willingly and in full understanding the consequences of that decision, but I did not kill them in combat. When they wanted to stop fighting and withdraw from the war, I was wrong to continue to target them. I was especially wrong for attempting to kill you as a baby. I do not ask you to forgive me. I only want you to know I feel remorseful. You do not have a piece of my soul in you any longer."

Voldemort turns back to Severus, who is standing there dumbfounded. "No one will ever target your Muggle-born students again, Severus. Or your Muggle Studies professor. I will personally see to it. They are safe to go home if they wish."

And with these startling pronouncements, Voldemort sweeps out of the office and down the moving staircase.

Open-mouthed, Harry turns to Severus. "What the hell?" Harry asks.

Severus cannot find it in him to chide Harry for his language. He just shakes his head. He feels weak, and has to find a chair and sit down.

"He repaired his Horcruxes," Severus says.

"How?" Harry demands.

"Remorse," Severus says wonderingly, tasting the flavor of the word on his tongue. "I can only surmise that he is feeling remorse for a great many things, now."

"Gosh. Do you think that means I lost my ability to talk to snakes?"

Severus shrugs.

"I guess I'll go... try to talk to a snake and test it," Harry says, still bewildered.

"Right," Severus says, distantly. "Good idea."

Harry casts Severus a worried look. "Will you come down to breakfast? Everyone's been wondering over your absence this week."

"Yes, I'll be down in a moment," Severus says.

Harry gives him another concerned glance, but accepts this and leaves the office.

Overwhelmed, Severus buries his head in his arms on his desk and weeps.

 

Harry makes it through breakfast with a curious sense of detachment, as though someone else is scooping up potatoes and eggs and someone else is assuring Ron and Hermione that he is fine, there is nothing to worry about.

After breakfast, though, Harry pulls Ron and Hermione into a classroom to talk to them. They are supposed to be outside, of course, for their schedule of summer classes, but Harry is too wound up for that.

Harry skips the part where he ran off to Malfoy Manor with Draco and Harry and Severus almost died, and he says nothing about Horcruxes, but he tells Ron and Hermione that Voldemort visited Hogwarts this morning and apologized—apologized!—for killing Harry's parents. And he swore off wanting to persecute Muggle-born students.

"Are you sure it was him?" Ron asks. "Maybe someone got a hold of Polyjuice and was pretending to be him."

"It really doesn't sound like him," Hermione adds. "To have the wizarding world almost within his grasp, and he decides his priority is to come here to apologize about your parents?"

"I know," Harry agrees, shaking his head. "I don't know what to make of it. What do you think we should do?"

"Well..." Hermione says, then exchanges a glance with Ron. Harry doesn't understand what that is about. "Nothing?" she offers tentatively. "Carry on as we were? If he doesn't mean to persecute Muggle-borns, that'll be obvious soon enough."

Harry turns away from his friends and strides to a window. He looks out at the Hogwarts lawn sweeping down to the forest, his emotions and thoughts in turmoil. He had struggled to reconcile the fact of staying neutral, keeping out of Voldemort's war, to know he and his friends and Severus were all safe while understanding perfectly well that Voldemort's takeover was going to be bad.

Something has changed now. Voldemort has changed. Harry doesn't know what that means for the wizarding world, but he does know he doesn't want to feel any softening towards Voldemort.

What had that apology been for?

Harry turns back to Ron and Hermione, assuring them that he is fine. He makes it through lessons that day, and finds time to visit Hagrid during lunch. Hagrid helps him find where a snake is living in the Forbidden Forest—Harry knew he could count on Hagrid for that much!—and sure enough, Harry doesn't have any ability to find that place where Parseltongue rises out of him without any conscious effort.

So it is true then. Harry no longer has to live with the knowledge that he is carrying around a piece of Voldemort's immortality inside himself.

 

Harry is desperate for someone to confide in.

Not someone who is sleeping with Voldemort. And not—as much as he loves them—his friends who didn't understand why Harry was upset about the apology. Not any of the professors, who Harry can't trust with the full story about any of this. He wishes for one mad, desperate moment that Sirius Black had survived to fulfill his role as Harry's godfather—the man who broke out of prison to find Harry, who left Harry everything he owned even after his own life had gone so wrong—someone who would put Harry first, no matter what—but, Harry thinks bitterly, as long as he's wishing for that, he might as well wish his own parents were alive.

Harry is fighting tears as he cleans up after flying camp that evening, stacking brooms neatly back in the shed where they came from.

He thought himself alone, and so startles very badly when he hears a crash around the corner. Harry whirls, and sees Draco.

"Sorry," Draco apologizes. A container of Bludgers fell over, and inside the container, Harry can hear the Bludgers struggling to get out. Draco stoops down to try to calm them.

"Draco," Harry breathes out. "Draco, would you tell me I'm mad, if I told you that You-Know-Who apologized to me for killing my parents?"

Draco abandons the container of Bludgers to its fate, kicking it underneath a shelf to hide the evidence. He straightens up, and gives Harry a funny look.

"You aren't mad," Draco says.

"What should I do?" Harry asks, forlornly. "What do you think his angle is?"

Draco shocks Harry by reaching out, grabbing Harry squarely by the shoulders, and looking him straight in the eye. "Calm down, Harry. You sound like you're having a panic attack."

Harry realizes that he is breathing a bit fast and his chest feels constricted.

"Breathe with me," Draco says, and he exaggerates the rise and fall of his own chest.

Harry matches the rhythm, and finds it comforting. It reminds him of those nights in Grimmauld Place with Severus, back when Harry's biggest worry was strange dreams.

"Thanks," Harry manages weakly, after he feels a bit better.

Draco doesn't let go of his shoulders. "You don't hold any power over the Dark Lord, Harry. Your moral dilemma about whether to accept an apology from your parents' murderer is thoroughly irrelevant to him. Him apologizing is something that happened to you that you have to live with, like anything else."

Harry stares at Draco, floored. Draco is right. Nothing at all would change in the world if Harry accepted this apology. It would only change how Harry feels about it, and so—agonizing over it like this—

"I don't have to accept it," Harry reasons. "I don't have to reject it. I don't have to do anything with it."

"Well said," Draco agrees, his voice soft.

Harry is suddenly conscious that they are standing very close together. Draco is still holding Harry's shoulders. They're completely alone. No one would know if....

Harry realizes he is leaning towards Draco at the same time as he notices Draco is leaning towards Harry. Harry blinks, and feels heat rush to his face. "Draco, I...."

"Shut up," Draco says, and he leans in the rest of the way and kisses Harry.

Draco's mouth stays closed. So does Harry's. It's soft, and pleasant, and warm. Then something funny squirms inside Harry's chest and he breaks the kiss off quickly and jumps away from Draco, putting several feet in between them.

Draco stays where he is, looking less sharp and pointy and prickly than usual.

"I'm not—I don't know why I did that," Harry stammers. "We're just friends."

"Sure, Harry," Draco murmurs. One eyebrow goes up, but Draco's tone stays soft, with none of its usual derision or exasperation.

Harry flees. He leaves the shed as quickly as he can, and hurries to dinner in the Great Hall, which he is a little late for. He chooses a seat where his back will be to the rest of the Great Hall—particularly the Slytherin table—and forces himself to smile at his friends.

"Just cleaning up after practice," he explains his tardiness, and starts to shovel food onto his plate.

Harry doesn't know what to think about the fact that he kissed Draco Malfoy. He's wanted to kiss someone for a long time. But the reality of it was... different than expected.

And then he just ran away.

He is not looking forward to explaining himself to Draco when they see each other again.
Chapter 56: The Wedding
Chapter Text

The morning of Harry's seventeenth birthday, he wakes up expecting to feel like a new person. He is officially of age in the wizarding world, and he wants to luxuriate in it. He wakes Ron up to show off a bunch of unnecessary spells, like summoning his glasses and things from his trunk without getting out of bed. Although he's never been prohibited from performing underage magic, it's kind of nice to think he doesn't have dark magic to thank for it as of today.

Dean Thomas (who also stayed at Hogwarts for the summer) sends a pillow flying at Harry in retaliation for waking him up, and the pillow fight is on between the three boys.

After the pillow fight, Harry turns to his presents. He has a pile of them—Ron got him a book about how to charm witches, which makes Harry vaguely uncomfortable, but he expresses his appreciation to Ron nonetheless. Most of Ron's family had also sent him something—a shirt with his favorite Quidditch team's logo emblazoned on it and a box of chocolates from Mrs. and Mr. Weasley, an enchanted razor from Bill and Fleur, a pile of joke items from Fred and George, and some useful anti-Dark Magic products from Hermione. There is something from Draco, along with a note cautioning him not to open it until Harry is out of the Gryffindor dormitory. And another note from Severus, asking Harry to come pick up his present in person.

Harry goes down to breakfast with his friends, where he has a chance to thank Hermione for her present. He teases her about not getting him a pile of N.E.W.T. study guides, which she accepts with good humor.

After breakfast, Harry finds a classroom for some privacy to open Draco's present. It is a set of robes—soft, flexible and comfortable, but made of some kind of material that almost feels like steel between his fingers. Harry reads the attached card: the robes are impenetrable to most spells and contain expensive, elaborate enchantments that only need to be renewed every ten years. For the next time we rescue hostages, the card said. Happy birthday.

Harry grins and warmth spreads through him as he reads Draco's note. The two boys have continued to run their flying camp together amiably, without discussing the kiss or finding themselves alone in the broomstick shed again. Harry is sure he still wants to be Draco's friend, and is not at all sure what the kiss meant. It remains something Harry has not reached any conclusions about.

Harry returns to his dormitory to tuck the dueling robes carefully out of sight in his trunk, then checks the Marauders Map to find Severus. He is alone in his office, so Harry heads straight there.

"Happy birthday," Severus greets Harry with a smile. It is a rather weak smile; overall, Harry has observed that Severus seems to be having a largely unhappy summer.

"Thanks," Harry says, trying to return the smile.

Severus reaches down under his desk, and pulls out a long, thin package, which he hands to Harry. Harry accepts it and notices there is a smaller package on top.

"Your seventeenth birthday is a milestone," Severus says gravely. "I wanted it to be meaningful for you."

Harry unwraps the smaller package first. It is a beautiful wristwatch, made of gold. It is slender and elegant rather than gaudy. Harry examines it; it is clearly a magical watch as it has stars circling around the dial aimlessly, instead of steadily ticking hands.

"Oh," Harry says. He learned from Ron in March that it's traditional for parents to give a child a watch when he or she comes of age, but for some reason, Harry had not expected this from Severus. "Wow. I—thank you."

Harry fastens the watch around his wrist, swallowing a sudden lump in his throat. He smiles, and holds out his arm towards Severus. "We match," Harry says with a grin. Severus has, as long as Harry has known him, worn a similar watch on his own wrist.

"We do," Severus agrees, his smile now looking more sincere. "They're from the same manufacturer. My mother's family has always gone to them."

"Yours is from your mother?"

"It is," Severus says, but looking faintly embarrassed for some reason. "She gave me hers, that had been given to her by her father. They are supposed to be purchased new, but...."

"I'd like to hear more about your family someday," Harry says, and means it.

"We can talk about them anytime," Severus says. "But don't you want to open your other present?"

Harry does; he turns his attention to the long package and rips it open eagerly. He is awestruck by what's inside.

"A Firebolt," Harry whispers. "No way."

Severus grins at him.

"The World Cup teams played on these! Even Draco doesn't have this broom. They're supposed to be impossible to get!"

"I'm glad you like it," Severus says mildly.

"Like it!" Harry protests. "It's the best present I've ever had. Thank you. I can't wait to go practice on it."

"No need to delay on my account," Severus says. "Go have fun outside today. The weather looks perfect."

And Harry does want to go flying, immediately, first thing, but he also wants to talk to Severus and Severus has been engaging in strangely avoidant behavior for the past couple of weeks. So while Harry is here....

"You... you once promised you weren't just putting up with me until I come of age," Harry reminds Severus.

"Of course," Severus says, with a double take. "What could have made you think that? I will care about you for the rest of your life, Harry."

"Thanks," Harry mumbles to his knees, thinking that that's almost a better birthday present than his other gifts. "I'm... I wish we hadn't fought about your relationship with You-Know-Who."

He is not sure whether he is still cross with Severus for sleeping with Voldemort. On the one hand, almost dying at Severus's side put everything else into perspective. On the other, the revelation had fundamentally breached Harry's trust in Severus in a way Harry isn't sure he is over. But he is sure he doesn't want to spend the rest of his life fighting with Severus about it. It's long past time to patch things up.

"Oh," Severus says, blinking rapidly. "Don't worry about it. You had every right to have the feelings you did. Anyway... we broke up."

"Oh, thank god," Harry says, with a rush of intense relief. "He seemed really bad for you."

Severus's jaw twitches. Harry isn't sure how to read his expression.

"Yes," Severus says stiffly, after a prolonged pause. "It appears he realized that, and felt remorse for how he treated me."

"Excellent," Harry says, trying to be cheerful about it.

Severus gives Harry a somewhat deadened stare, giving Harry the uncomfortable feeling that Severus thinks it anything but excellent.

"Er, well, I think I'll go flying now," Harry says, standing abruptly. "Thank you again for the broom. It's the most excellent present ever."

Harry rushes away from the office before he has to spend any more time thinking about Severus and Voldemort's relationship.

In the end, Harry spends less time flying on his new broom that day than he expected. The Firebolt quickly becomes the talk of the school, and Draco and Ron both clamor to have a go at it. Harry lets them, of course, and eventually the young students in flying camp wheedle their way into trying it as well. Even Madam Hooch can't resist taking a turn on it.

The perfect weather holds all day, and almost everyone is very late to dinner.

 

August first holds a change in routine. Instead of summer classes and flying, Harry and his friends are preparing to attend a wedding.

Severus saw no reason they should not attend Bill and Fleur's wedding, and so Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Dean—who is coming to the wedding as Ginny's date—travel to the Burrow by Floo and spend the morning helping Mrs. Weasley get everything into place at the last minute. The Burrow is bursting at the seams with all the additional guests, and while Harry enjoys the chaos of it for the time being, he feels secretly pleased that he is not living here this summer.

The wedding itself goes off without a hitch. Well, there is a slight hitch when Ron and Hermione encounter Viktor Krum, but Harry does not think the majority of the guests noticed. The ceremony is perfect; Fleur is shockingly beautiful and Bill is charming and suave. After the ceremony there is an informal dinner, accompanied by drinks and dancing. Ron pulls Hermione onto the dance floor before Krum can get to her.

Harry ends up drifting towards a table with only one person sitting at it—Tonks. Her hair is blond and her features are a little sharper than usual. She is still perfectly recognizable as herself.

"Hey," she says brightly as Harry sits down. "Having a good time?"

"Yeah," Harry says, truthfully enough.

"Where's your date?" Tonks asks. It's friendly; Harry can detect no hint that she is teasing him.

"I don't have one."

"That's great," Tonks says, somewhat more enthusiastically than Harry expected.

"Do you have one?" Harry ventures.

"Nope," she says, still smiling. "My mum despairs over me, but dating is not my thing and at this point, I rather think it never will be. I’m here because Bill and Charlie have been my good friends for ages, and that's all."

Harry nods, slowly. He's never heard anyone say that before—that dating and romance isn't necessarily a goal. He shelves it to think about later.

"Good for you," he finally says, when the silence has become awkward. He casts around for a topic, and then realizes he's wanted to talk to Tonks alone for a long time.

"Hey," Harry says abruptly, "do you remember when I asked you how Dumbledore died?"

Tonks nods, but a wary look appears on her face.

"It didn't seem like you were telling me the whole story, that's all."

Tonks sighs, and runs her fingers through her hair. "No, Harry, it's just that—Dumbledore and Snape and I were all distracted trying to figure out what was wrong with you—Bellatrix Lestrange had hit you with that curse."

"Oh," Harry says, starting to feel vaguely uncomfortable.

"You-Know-Who's curse got Dumbledore in the back when no one was looking," Tonks continues. "I mean, I saw him, but too late—I didn't realize until too late that Dumbledore hadn't seen him."

"Oh," Harry says again.

"It didn't seem like the right thing to dump on you just then," Tonks says, trying to sound sympathetic. "I didn't mean to lie, just...."

"I get it," Harry says. "Dumbledore was busy... busy protecting me. And so was Snape?"

Tonks shrugs. "Neither Snape nor I had the slightest idea what You-Know-Who was doing, and I still don't know what we should have done to stop him. I'm sorry."

Harry nods, then stares down at his drink on the table. He wonders, for the first time, whether Snape had anything to do with Dumbledore dying. Was he cooperating with Voldemort even back then?

"That sucks," Harry eventually says to break the silence.

Tonks pushes her chair back from the table. "This topic is too grim for a wedding, Harry. Would you like to dance?"

"Oh, sure," Harry says, extremely surprised to be asked. But Tonks is cool, and she's a good dancer, and he ends up having a lot of fun. When Tonks is swept up by Charlie Weasley instead, Harry ends up beside Luna Lovegood—who is dancing by herself—and asks if she would mind his company.

Luna does not mind at all. Quite the contrary; she is quite pleased to be asked. Although she is strangely dressed and the other wedding guests are giving her sideways looks, Luna is a friendly and considerate dance partner. Harry actually enjoys himself.

The crowd becomes rowdier as the champagne and other drinks circulate, and Harry and Luna eventually take a break from dancing to congratulate the married couple, who are standing off to the side next to a table with plates of cake on it.

"Thank you," Fleur says breathlessly, beaming at Harry and Luna. "It was so good of you to come."

At that same moment, a hush falls over the crowd. Dancers at the side of the tent freeze in place, and everyone turns their head towards a disturbance in the crowd at the entrance.

Harry cannot see anything until the crowd parts, clearing an aisle in between him and the edge of the tent.

Ice travels down Harry's spine as he recognizes Lord Voldemort. Someone in the back of the tent screams, but everyone else remains frozen and silent.

Harry feels he, too, cannot move.

Voldemort makes his way towards Bill and Fleur. Two figures dressed in black Death Eater robes—but no masks—trail him. Harry recognizes Kingsley Shacklebolt with a very unpleasant shiver that makes his insides freeze. Kingsley was supposed to be in Dumbledore's Order of the Phoenix. What is he doing at Voldemort's heels, like a guard dog? And alongside Kingsley, Harry recognizes Barty Crouch, junior.

Barty makes eye contact with Harry and winks. Harry hastily looks away.

Voldemort is a few steps away from Bill and Fleur when Arthur Weasley unfreezes and springs into action. He puts himself in Voldemort's path, raising his wand, but Kingsley looks Mr. Weasley dead in the eye and shakes his head.

Mr. Weasley seems to wilt.

Voldemort steps around Mr. Weasley, otherwise completely ignoring him. "Congratulations," he says to Fleur, taking her hand and giving it a delicate kiss. "A beautiful wedding. My invitation must have been lost in the mail."

Harry laughs weakly, but he is the only one in the tent who does.

"I won't linger," Voldemort adds. "I brought a gift, and my well wishes."

He drops Fleur's hand, and offers his hand to Bill to shake. Like a man in a daze, Bill accepts it. They shake hands as though there is nothing amiss.

Voldemort sets a handsomely gift-wrapped present on the table next the cake. "May you live long and love long," he says, and then turns on the spot and disappears.

Kingsley and Barty follow suit immediately.

The wedding guests stay still and shocked for one moment, and then pandemonium breaks loose. 

Mr. Weasley is at the side of the wedding couple before anyone else. He is frantic, unable to believe that they are all right. From nowhere, Mrs. Weasley materializes, loudly fretting over all their protective enchantments that should have made this visit impossible.

Harry, seized by a sudden impulse of chivalry, turns to Luna. "Are you okay?"

"Of course I am, Harry," she says, looking at him with huge, guileless eyes. "Why wouldn't I be?"

Harry grins at her reflexively, the tension ebbing out of him. Luna is right—everyone is okay. Why wouldn't they be? Voldemort didn't do anything other than congratulate the couple and leave them a present.

Unlike Harry and Luna, no one else at the wedding relaxes. There is frantic activity and noise and bustle; a few people are sobbing as everyone tries to collect themselves, reassure themselves that their loved ones are safe, and figure out what Voldemort's visit could possibly have meant.

 

It is very, very late before Harry and his friends make it back to Hogwarts. Hermione is holding her shoes in one hand and clinging tightly to Ron's hand with the other, letting go only briefly to travel through the fireplaces. Ginny and then Dean come through the Floo last.

They tumble from the Weasleys' Floo into Severus's office. Harry straightens up to see Severus and Draco sitting in Severus's office, their chairs close together, conferring in low voices.

"Ah, good," Severus says, looking up to see them. "How was the wedding?"

"It was a nice wedding," Harry answers. Then he frowns. "You-Know-Who showed up with some quip about not getting an invitation. He left a wedding present that was probably cursed or something. I swear, if he doesn't want to be treated like a Disney villain, he should stop acting like one."

"The Dark Lord attended the wedding?" Severus asks, looking startled. Draco also whips his head around to stare at Harry. "Did he hurt anyone?"

"Yeah he attended, and no he didn't hurt anyone," Harry answers. "Hey, you lot head back to the dorm, I'm going to tell Snape what happened," he suggests to Ron, Hermione, and Ginny.

Ginny gives Harry a deeply suspicious look. Harry doesn't know what to say to her. Dean nudges her, and they exchange a look.

"All right," Hermione says wearily, seeming to speak for the group. The five of them turn and leave the office. Ron and Hermione are still holding hands.

"Are they together?" Draco asks after Ron and Hermione leave, sounding fascinated.

"Who knows," Harry says, dropping into a chair next to Severus and Draco.

"The Ministry fell to the Dark Lord today," Severus informs Harry gravely. "Scrimgeour is dead. His supporters openly threw a party in the Ministry to celebrate. The Aurors either joined us, or fled."

"Us?" Harry echoes hollowly.

"Of course I went," Severus says with a sigh. "Draco needed to show his face as well. It was fine."

"So instead of attending his own party, he went to a wedding?" Harry is indignant. "And Kingsley Shacklebolt, isn't he supposed to be an Auror? And a member of Dumbledore's Order?"

"The Aurors, I believe, had a choice to fight—and die—or cooperate. I saw Dawlish choose to save his skin and cooperate, which I confess I enjoyed a little."

Severus smiles, and Harry remembers that Dawlish is the Auror who was investigating Severus's role in the battle at the Ministry last year.

"I wouldn't be surprised if Shacklebolt was merely pretending to cooperate, for now," Severus adds.

"What about Percy Weasley? Ron's brother? Wasn't he the former Minister's assistant?"

"He's fine," Severus says. "I told you, no one was hurt today."

"But... how come You-Know-Who showed up to this wedding?" Harry presses.

"It was a warning, of course," Severus answers. "He likely wanted to flaunt both that he can do that to anyone now, and to emphasize that private protective enchantments don't mean much with the full might of the Ministry behind him."

"So... it's over," Harry summarizes. "The war is over."

The office is silent for several heavy seconds.

"It looks that way," Severus murmurs.
Chapter 57: The Dueling Club Professor
Chapter Text

Severus orders Draco and Harry to bed. Draco and Harry say good-night to Severus and leave his office, but Harry feels no inclination to go to bed. He walks slowly down the corridor at Draco's side, and abruptly stops before a large bay window.

"Sit with me for a bit?" Harry asks.

Draco nods, and they fold themselves into the window seat facing each other, knees nearly touching. Harry turns his neck and stares out the window at the half moon.

"The party wasn't much fun, you didn't miss out," Draco says. "Snape thought I should be there to keep up appearances. I mostly trailed after my dad and tried to look intelligent."

"I had a nice time at the wedding," Harry offers in response. "I danced with your cousin Tonks. And with Luna Lovegood. She's funny."

"She's weird," Draco corrects.

"She's nice," Harry insists.

"Whatever," Draco says, but he's smiling.

"Do you think... do you think people who were loyal to Dumbledore are going to be hunted down now?" Harry asks tentatively. He is thinking of Tonks.

"I'm sure they'll be fine if they don't cause trouble," Draco says dismissively. "We heard a lot today about how the Dark Lord doesn’t want to destroy anything, he wants to protect magic and the wizarding world without all the Ministry's antiquated rules and prejudices against dark magic getting in the way."

Harry makes a noncommittal sound.

"He's not doing official Death Eaters anymore," Draco continues. "Everyone is expected to support him, no distinctions. The fighting is theoretically over. So I'm off the hook personally. Father expects me to learn about his business interests and take up whatever it is he does to influence people."

"That doesn't sound terrible," Harry ventures.

"What will you do?"

Harry stares out the window. It feels almost shameful to confess it, to say it out loud. "I want to play Quidditch," he says. "I mean, professionally. It's all I've wanted for years now."

"Wicked," Draco says, full-on grinning. "You'll be amazing at it, end up in the world cup in no time."

Harry laughs and nudges Draco's knee. "You don't think it's frivolous?"

"Of course not," Draco says. "Did you think the Dark Lord would ban fun if he won?"

Harry pauses. He was having fun with this conversation, enjoying laughing about it. Suddenly it feels wrong. "Things sounded pretty unpleasant during the first war. You know what happened to the Longbottoms, and other students' whole families died—Susan Bones, and Ron's uncles...."

Draco shrugs. "It was war. We'll be at peace, now."

Harry's gaze returns to the window. The moonlit grounds are beautiful and serene, and Harry wishes he could stay at Hogwarts forever, ignoring the rest of Wizarding Britain.

"I've had a truce with him since first year," Harry blurts out. "I promised not to oppose him and he promised not to hurt me."

Draco's only reaction is to shrug again. "I figured," he said. "I knew there was something up with you and him. What I never understood is what leverage you had to extract any promises from him."

Harry sighs, and leans his head back against the wall. He stares up at the wall over Draco's head.

"Snape helped him get his body back," Harry confesses. "And Snape wanted to ensure that I'd be safe. So he made it part of their deal."

Harry glances back at Draco's face. He doesn't look jealous or indignant, just thoughtful. "Why does Snape care so much about you?"

It's not a rude question; it's a fair one. Nonetheless, Harry does not feel like it is his place to answer on Severus's behalf. "You'd have to ask him," Harry demurs.

"I can't figure out whether he's loyal to the Dark Lord," Draco confesses. "He says he is, but that he's busy doing his own thing, and the Dark Lord doesn't mind."

"Ugh," Harry says, banging his head against the wall behind him. "Can we please not talk about Snape and You-Know-Who?"

"Are they together?" Draco asks, fascinated, leaning forward, completely ignoring Harry's request to drop the subject.

"God, stop making me imagine it," Harry says. "I don't think they are together, but they definitely, uh, shagged," Harry forces out, deeply mortified by the whole notion.

"I thought so," Draco says, sounding satisfied. "You've got some kind of hang-up about shagging, don't you, Harry?"

Harry flushes a deep red. "I don't know," he says shortly. "But no, I don't like the idea of—them—together."

Draco looks at Harry with shrewd eyes. "You didn't like the idea of us kissing much, either."

Draco's tone is kind, and lacks judgment. Harry is still red-faced, but he manages to nod. "I don't think I want to date anyone," he admits, his voice a bit strangled. "Maybe later. I don't get the rush everyone has about pairing up."

Every time Harry thinks about dating or kissing someone again, his mind shies away and he knows he'd rather be out flying, practicing Quidditch drills. He can't bring himself to say this out loud, though—it's so deeply different from what all the other boys his age seem to want. He might not have even had the courage to say this much to Draco, if he hadn't heard Tonks being so unembarrassed about it earlier today.

"We're just friends, Harry," Draco assures him. "Don't worry. You haven't hurt my feelings."

Harry sighs, and leans his head back against the wall more gently.

"I'll marry as my parents expect me to, I'm sure," Draco says, and Harry knows what he means is—a pureblood marriage.

"Do you think You-Know-Who is really a blood purist?" Harry asks abruptly.

Draco shakes his head. "No," he says, in a near-whisper. "No, I know he's not."

Harry stares at Draco. "What do you think about that?"

Draco just slowly shakes his head again. "I don't know. I guess it's about... it's all about magic, isn't it? Magic is what makes us worthy, not necessarily blood."

"Hmm," Harry says. He isn't sure whether that's progress on Draco's part or not.

Draco yawns. "Harry, it's bedtime," he pronounces, and Harry doesn't disagree.

It's been a long day.

 

Over the next few days, Harry doesn't hear anything about Voldemort or Death Eaters. He, Ron, and Hermione look at the paper every morning, but it contains nothing of interest. There is an entire piece about Fleur and Bill's wedding, for example, that doesn't once mention that Lord Voldemort attended.

Eventually, they get letters from Ron's parents with more interesting updates. Everyone attending the wedding is perfectly fine. The wedding present left by Voldemort was a vase made by faeries; Bill and his entire team of cursebreakers examine it and find that it is unenchanted, a perfectly ordinary object, and most certainly not cursed.

Fleur, apparently, wants to actually keep it in their home.

Mrs. Weasley's feelings about this take several pages to express.

Mrs. Weasley also reports she has heard from almost every other member of the Order of the Phoenix, and they are safe and unharmed. She hasn't, however, heard from Kingsley Shacklebolt. Aside from mentioning that one fact, she doesn't talk about him.

"Severus says Kingsley will have been forced to cooperate," Harry mumbles to Ron and Hermione, distinctly uncomfortable.

"He always seemed like the type to choose defiance and death to me," Hermione says. "But I suppose you never know what you'll do when it's staring you in the face."

"You never know," Harry echoes, thinking of the summer he decided he wanted to go to Albania to fetch Nagini's venom.

Hermione gives him a pitying look that is too knowing.

"Why hasn't You-Know-Who done anything?" Ron asks.

Ron is asking Harry, of course, though Harry does not have answers.

"He doesn't want any more fighting," Harry guesses. "He wants a stable country to rule over."

Ron snorts at that. "I can't imagine my parents and their lot ever deciding they're done fighting."

"I can't either," Harry agrees. "But what can they do at this point?"

It is obviously a rhetorical question, and Ron does not try to answer.

 

Someone named Pius Thicknesse becomes the new Minister for Magic. Severus informs Harry he wasn't aware Thicknesse was a Death Eater, but it is an inescapable conclusion nonetheless.

As the weeks wear on, nothing else happens. Oh, Draco informs Harry here and there that his father is doing this important thing or in charge of that important thing in the government, and there seem to be a lot of new Ministry officials who are Death Eaters, but Order members remain free and unmolested.

There is never an announcement that the Ministry is investigating where Muggle-borns get their magic from. There is no call for Muggle-borns to register on a list. There is no change on who may—or must—attend Hogwarts.

"Is your father happy with him? You-Know-Who?" Harry asks Draco one morning when they are alone. Harry expects that the likes of Lucius Malfoy would have thought winning the war to be more dramatic than this.

"He would hardly tell me if he weren't," Draco answers, utterly appalled.

Harry can't blame him for that. It's an awkward question. He lets the topic drop.

At some point just before term starts, everyone gets their school letters. Even the students staying at Hogwarts have their traditional owl delivery. Hermione is beside herself with excitement: she is Head Girl.

"No surprise at all," Ron says with a chuckle. Hermione and Ron's eyes meet; in sync, they blush and duck their heads.

"Congratulations," Harry says heartily, not wanting to know what Hermione and Ron's deal is. "Who do you think is Head Boy?"

"Knowing Snape?" Ron asked. "Three guesses, and the first two don't count."

"Malfoy," Harry agreed.

"I'm not upset about it," Hermione says primly. "He picked someone from a Death Eater family and a Muggle-born. If this didn't prove he was straddling both sides, I don't know what would."

They do not have long to wait: Draco's grinning face at lunch confirms he is Hogwarts' new Head Boy.

He comes over rather imperiously to the Gryffindor table. "Granger," he says grandly, extending a hand to Hermione. "I hear congratulations are in order."

"You too, I assume?" Hermione says. Her tone is a little remote but not uncivil. She takes his hand and gives it a firm shake.

Draco nods. "Yes. It is a great responsibility. I hope we can work together to accomplish great things."

Harry cannot refrain from giggling. He is then set upon by twin looks of disapproval from Draco and Hermione, and Harry makes a zipping motion over his lips.

"Come," Draco says. "We have much to plan." He sweeps out of the hall. With only one, slightly bemused glance back at Harry and Ron, Hermione follows.

 

Summer comes to a close, and the rest of Hogwarts' population floods the castle. There is excited chatter as everyone sits down to dinner—none of it about the war or Rufus Scrimgeour's death.

Severus stands up, and gives his speech that is a little more relaxed than last year's. It is almost like Dumbledore's speeches of old. He welcomes new and returning students, reminds them of the highlights of the school rules, and expresses that is glad to see everyone's faces.

It's hard to tell whether he means that last part or not. It is, after all, Severus Snape.

He also has one new person sitting at the Head Table to introduce.

"This is Professor Barty Crouch," Severus announces to a very silent hall. "He will be resurrecting the Dueling Club you all liked so much in previous years. Please welcome him."

A few students start clapping, but Harry's jaw has dropped. He can't believe he didn't notice the sandy-haired young man sitting at the table, beaming at everyone like they are his new best friends.

"He's bloody mad," Harry says to his friends, and not in a very quiet voice.

Hermione is instead looking at the person on the other side of Harry. Harry swings his gaze over to see Neville Longbottom.

Neville has really filled out over the summer. His jawline is stronger, he looks confident, and when he first sat down next to Harry, he seemed perfectly happy.

He is very pale, now, and not happy at all.

"Neville," Harry says in a low voice. "Neville, are you all right?"

As if woken from a trance, Neville gives a little start. Then he looks at Harry. His eyes go from unfocused to focused unsettlingly quickly.

"Harry," Neville says, his voice strained and very low. "I think Snape is a Death Eater."

"He's not," Harry says, "but I do think he's gone mad. I—I had no idea this was happening."

Neville maintains that intense focus on Harry. "You know who Barty Crouch is, then."

"Yeah, I do," Harry admits. "I'm sorry."

Neville frowns. "It's hardly your fault."

Harry has nothing to say to this. He cannot refute it, but he cannot agree with it either.

Harry doesn't wait until after dinner to confront Severus. Harry barges up to the staff table the moment dinner is over.

"Hullo, Harry!" a very cheerful Barty Crouch intercepts him on his way to the headmaster.

Harry stops. "You cannot be serious," he says to Barty.

Harry and Barty aren't friends. They're not. Barty has been chummy to Harry when they've crossed paths—and yes, Harry liked Moody's lessons, back in fourth year—but this is a line Harry cannot believe Severus crossed.

"Neville Longbottom," Harry says to Barty hotly, "is my dormmate and a good friend."

'Good friend' is stretching the truth somewhat, but that is not the point.

Barty's face falls at this—almost comically. "We can't talk about this here, Harry," he says urgently. "But I'm not—I did not do it."

Harry eyes Barty with extreme mistrust.

"You're here under your real name," Harry points out. "You might as well start answering this question above a whisper."

Barty bites his lip. As Barty is thinking about it, Severus approaches.

"Go to bed, Harry," Severus orders.

"Are you mad?" Harry asks Severus, breathing too hard. "Neville is probably going to like, flee in the night or something. You can't do this to him."

Severus sighs. "I should have warned him beforehand," he concedes. "Come up to my office, both of you."

As Severus, Harry, and Barty walk out of the great hall and up the main staircase, Neville—utterly defying Harry's preconceived notions about him—attaches himself to their group.

"So all bets are off now, huh?" Neville asks loudly as they all climb the stairs together. "What's next, Defense Against the Dark Arts that will turn into straight-up Dark Arts and we'll be graded on how well we can cast the Cruciatus Curse?"

"Now is not the place," Severus is hissing, but Barty stops and faces Neville, an earnest look on his face that makes him appear very young. Severus grimaces, and visibly gives it up as a bad job. He, too, stops climbing the stairs and casts a curtly-spoken privacy charm.

"I didn't do it," Barty tells Neville, his face aflame. "I'm so sorry, yes, I knew the Lestranges, and yes, I shared their desire to bring back the Dark Lord, but I didn't touch your parents, Neville, and I never would have and I'm so sorry about it all."

Neville stares at Barty. He swallows, his throat working uncomfortably. He opens his mouth, stammers something, and then shuts it again.

"Maybe you should say that under Veritaserum," Harry says doubtfully. "You were convicted at trial, Barty."

Barty turns a baleful look on Harry. Harry almost takes a step back; gone is the cheerful, friendly, open Barty. "Trial," he repeats disdainfully. "Yeah, wherein I didn't get asked a single question or had a chance to say a single word. Fuck," he spat onto the floor. "Neville, I didn't do it."

Neville looks at Barty a few more seconds. "I guess we can have this conversation somewhere else," he finally concedes. Students are standing in the landing below and above them, staring shamelessly.

Severus sweeps them all up to his office.

"I'm willing to take Veritaserum," Barty says once there. "But you must know there are ways of defeating it. Either you believe me or you don't."

"I want you to take it," Neville says firmly, sitting up straight in his chair.

Severus, of course, has some on hand. He administers a tiny dose to Neville—one drop—and asks mundane questions about his birthdate and his Hogwarts school year to demonstrate its validity. Then Barty takes three drops.

"I love the Dark Lord," Barty says. "I am devoted to him. We wanted to find him, very badly. Bellatrix came up with the idea. She knew Dumbledore had tracked the shade of the Dark Lord to a hiding place. She knew that this couple—both Aurors, both close to Dumbledore—had helped him do it."

Without consciously meaning to, Harry reaches out and grabs Neville's hand. Neville holds onto it like it's a lifeline.

"Bellatrix and her husband tracked the Aurors for weeks. I knew they were doing it. I wanted to help, but they told me I was too young. I didn't even know they had found them, in the end. They came back to our safehouse looking shaken. They would not tell me what had happened. Aurors found us a few weeks later."

The office goes very silent after Barty's story.

Severus raises an eyebrow at Neville, who nods. Severus administers an antidote to Barty. Barty slumps over in his chair and closes his eyes.

"The Longbottoms did know where the Dark Lord's shade was," Barty mumbles, his voice muddled and much more difficult to understand than when he was under Veritaserum. "I later learned that from Dumbledore. Can you believe the irony."

"Why on earth would Dumbledore tell you that," Neville grits out, his voice still strained and hostile.

Barty sits up, rolls his neck out, and stretches his arms over his head. He gives Neville a conspiratorial grin. "Dumbeldore thought I was his dear friend Alastor Moody," Barty says with glee.

Barty then proceeds to tell Neville all about the year of the fake Dark Arts professorship.

"Holy shit," Neville breathes out. "I... I learned about the Cruciatus Curse from you?"

"Afraid so," Barty says easily, seemingly back to his old cheerful self. "They were good lessons, weren't they?"

Neville, seemingly, can find no reply for this.

"This doesn't clear up half the issues I have about this," Neville finally says, his eyes still looking a little defiant. "Are you all Death Eaters?"

"I am," Barty says, with no trace of embarrassment.

"I'm not," Severus says, solemnly.

"Me either," Harry says, a bit more cheekily.

Neville casts Harry an exasperated but amused look, and then seems to remember he is holding Harry's hand. He lets go at once, then stands up.

"I'm not joining the Dueling Club," Neville announces carefully. "I'm going to bed now. Good night."

"Fine, fine," Barty agrees placatingly. "Have a good night, boys."

Harry and Neville head back to the Gryffindor dorm.

"He was supposed to have died a decade ago," Neville says on the way there, sounding bewildered. "Why didn't I ask about that?"
Chapter 58: Living
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Term starts like any other. Most students apparently don't think anything of Barty Crouch (junior) being very much alive, very much not in Azkaban, and an instructor at Hogwarts. It is almost like old news: of course Death Eaters are teaching at Hogwarts. It is treated as though it were inevitable. And what does it matter, as long as Crouch has really good magic to teach them? Students sign up for Dueling Club in the same numbers as they did before.

Harry doesn't sign up. Professor Black is perfectly capable of getting Harry an Outstanding in his N.E.W.T., and Harry doesn't want to be a famous dueler. He'd rather spend his time on Quidditch. His team looks so promising this year, and there have been hints that professional scouts will be around. They are rumored to be very interested in Gryffindor's Seeker. This preoccupies Harry more than the thought of Barty Crouch.

Professors behave the same as they ever did; drilling it into students' heads that they must take N.E.W.T.s exponentially more seriously than they did O.W.L.s. McGonagall is particularly strict about it, and Harry guesses she is using it to carefully avoid discussing the state of the school and magical Britain writ large.

Despite all the distractions, Harry finds a little bit of time to meet with Severus privately halfway through term.

"Barty Crouch, a Hogwarts professor?" Harry asks, raising an eyebrow.

"I know," Severus sighs. "Andromeda refused to revive the Dueling Club if she had to manage it, and the minute Barty heard I was looking for someone, he put himself forward. And the Dark Lord was... supportive of Barty. To say the least."

"I thought you and You-Know-Who weren't speaking," Harry says with a frown.

"Whatever gave you that idea?" Severus says, with seemingly genuine astonishment. "He runs magical Britain now, Harry. Of course I talk to him."

"Well, but I thought you two...." Harry doesn't know how to phrase this, and at Severus's dark look, decides to shut his mouth. "Ok, but why does Barty want to come back to Hogwarts?"

"He loved teaching," Severus says with a shrug. "I can't account for it, but he jumped at the chance to come back. He'll only be here a couple days a week, Harry. It's not a big deal."

Harry privately disagrees, but does not argue with Severus out loud.

Ron and Hermione both decide to attend Dueling Club, to Harry's surprise. And after the first session, they have big news for Harry: Neville showed up. He volunteered to personally duel Barty Crouch for the opening demonstration, and although he lost, he put on a good show.

Harry lets out a long whistle. "Good for Neville," Harry says, and means it.

Harry doesn't regret not going; he thinks he is well shot of all the associated drama. He is exiting the castle with a broom for very early Quidditch practice the next day, however, when Barty Crouch comes running to intercept him.

"You're not attending Dueling Club?" Barty asks, and he looks unaccountably disappointed.

Harry peers at Barty, and clutches his broomstick. "I want to play professional Quidditch," he admits. "I don't want to... I don't know, pretend like I’m preparing for a war that will never be fought."

Barty frowns. "You should still know how to protect yourself."

"Snape has taught me to protect myself just fine," Harry says defensively.

"Ah," Barty says, and he falls quiet for a moment. "Severus is... I respect him greatly as a wizard, Harry. He has a mind almost as brilliant as the Dark Lord's. He is creative and scary. But he doesn't have the... the spirit of a fighter. He would prefer to solve problems with his wit than his wand or his fist. You could learn plenty from someone else."

Harry is still frowning at Barty faintly. "Why do you care whether I learn fighting or not?"

Barty has a serious look on his face, for once. "Harry, you're the most talented student I've ever taught. You summoned a Patronus at thirteen, you resisted the Imperius Curse at fourteen, you are quick on your feet and you have a drive about you. Please. It would be such a shame if you decided you didn't care to learn anything from me."

Harry really wants to tell him no. He wants to tell Barty that he is weird, his posing as Moody was weird, his obsession with Voldemort is weird, and him being back at Hogwarts under his true name is really weird.

Something stops him. He doesn't want—has never wanted—Death Eaters as his enemies. He supposes he believes that Barty did not torture a young couple to madness. And he definitely doesn't think Barty means to hurt him, Harry, when he is definitely still under Voldemort's protection.

"All right," Harry says heavily.

Barty's face transforms with a huge smile. "Great!" he says. "I'm available for private lessons after dinner on Thursdays. You know where my office is?" Without waiting for confirmation, he continues cheerfully: "See you there!"

Harry watches him leave and can only shake his head in resignation.

 

It turns out that it is horribly difficult to juggle N.E.W.T. classes, Quidditch training, and dueling practice. Harry takes a brief moment to be grateful he is not Head Boy; Hermione and Draco are kept even busier than he is. They have to oversee the prefects, consult with Severus all the time, liaison with Heads of Houses, enforce the rules in the dormitories, patrol the corridors, be available for students' needs and questions, sit up with homesick first years during the night, and somehow keep up their studies.

"Is Draco a decent Head Boy?" Harry asks Hermione idly, one night when they are up very late studying in the Gryffindor common room.

"Oh, yes," Hermione says. "I was worried at first, of course, but he's actually conscientious and—I mean, he's still a bit of a prat. But he's not shirking his duties. And he's very cooperative with me."

"I don't think he's really a blood purist anymore," Harry offers.

Hermione shrugs. "We don't discuss it."

"I still don't like him," Ron says darkly.

"Oh, I don't like him," Hermione assures Ron quickly. "Not at all. No."

Harry turns his head away and smiles. He thought that too, once upon a time, didn't he? But he gets Draco now, and Harry still doesn't want to imagine what choices Harry would have made in his shoes.

 

Quidditch goes spectacularly well; Harry's team is seamless and Harry's playing in particular remains as brilliant as it ever has. Gryffindor win their matches handily, and Harry talks to a few scouts who attend from professional teams. Harry gets the feeling that there is going to be fighting over him when he finished school, rather than Harry scrambling for a position.

It's a feeling he rather enjoys.

Quidditch is his. It's not tainted with his bad choices, with his parents' murders, with the ghosts of the scar on his forehead. It's just him and the sky and a really good broomstick.

Private lessons with Barty, on the other hand, are miserably difficult. Barty keeps Harry on his toes the whole time.  It is not like lessons or practice with Severus, who always underscored that they were on the same side even when testing Harry. Barty is the quintessential Death Eater, the enemy, constantly poking and prodding at Harry until Harry explodes in a fit of temper.

The Dark Arts are not off the table. Barty specifies, his lips quirking in amusement, that they should not try to kill each other, but the other Unforgiveables are fair game. And so is any dark magic Harry learned from Severus.

Barty is good. He's a lot better than Harry. Lessons leave Harry exhausted and aching and vowing every week that he'll quit before the next one.

All things told, term passes in a flash, and Harry doesn't even realize he barely sees Severus until Christmas break is upon them.

Severus doesn't reach out to Harry about their plans; Harry has to make the trek to the headmaster's office to see what he is doing for the holidays.

"Oh, yes, I'm staying here," Severus says absently, barely looking up from his paperwork. "You're of age, of course, you're welcome to—go to the Weasleys, or go home, or the Malfoys if you really want—"

"God, no," Harry says, with an exaggerated shudder. "I appreciate the independence, but I'm staying with you for sure. Look, I've been meaning to ask.... How come, well, months have gone by with no news of You-Know-Who? What is he up to?"

Severus shrugs, still not quite looking at Harry.

Harry stands there for a few moments, feeling frustrated. He is not stupid. Severus was... whatever was between Severus and Voldemort, it meant something to Severus. Harry knows Severus has not been the same since they allegedly broke up—or whatever they did.

But Harry cannot really understand it. He is no longer emotional over Voldemort's apology; it has been an easy resolution to not forgive Voldemort but coexist in this world with him anyway. That did not make it any easier to understand Severus's deep, abiding regard for Voldemort.

Harry does not have any idea what to say. So he turns and leaves without saying anything.

 

Severus, for his part, has been focused on work. He has been agreeable to everything Voldemort asks of him, and has largely stayed out of his business. The days Severus held a feverish Voldemort in his arms seem distant, like a part of someone else's life.

Severus has known loss before. He has never dealt with it, precisely, but he has endured. He is still himself, somewhere underneath his misery, and he can still function.

And he has been functioning just fine.

The show Severus put on in front of Harry wasn't really the truth. Voldemort has not actually spoken to Severus in person since walking out of this office in June; he has written Severus letters, and sent news via Lucius.

It is fine. Severus is accustomed to it. It will be fine.

Mostly, Severus tries very hard not to think about it.

So he is very taken aback when Voldemort arrives through his Floo a few days before Christmas.

"That's supposed to be closed," Severus says, jumping up, very aggrieved. He has taken Hogwarts' privacy and security much more seriously than he did before the events of June, and all Floo connections are closed—to the consternation and unhappiness of professors and staff who do not live in the castle.

"Nothing is closed to me," Voldemort says, with that customarily arrogant smile playing around his lips.

Oh. Of course not. With Voldemort in charge of the entire Floo regulation department at the Ministry. Severus would probably have to uninstall the fireplaces—physically rip them out of the school—to get them out of his control.

Severus shakes his head in resignation, and turns away. "Tea?" he asks, going back to sit behind his desk.

"Thank you," Voldemort accepts, and sits down on the other side of the desk. Severus orders tea service from the house-elves. It arrives, and Severus prepares and hands Voldemort his tea—black. No sugar, no lemon.

Severus pours several spoons of sugar into his own, and stirs, staring into the liquid rather than looking at Voldemort.

"I thought I might update you on my plans," Voldemort says, sounding pensive. Severus risks a glance up at him. He does not look upset. He is very composed.

"All right," Severus agrees, feeling awkward. Far be it from him to assert that he does not want to hear Voldemort's plans, although he's not sure that he does want to.

"I have handed out favors and riches and status to my followers," Voldemort says, sipping at his tea primly. "They and their families will be important forever."

Severus nods, because nodding seems like the right thing to do here.

"But, they also see by now that I did not mean it when I said I cared about blood purity."

Severus runs a hand over his face. He can't imagine what Lucius's and Bellatrix's reaction to that was.

"I've been focusing on other things," Voldemort explains. "Creature rights—especially those creatures that have supported me. Dementors no longer inhabit Azkaban, where they were exceedingly unhappy."

"Mmm," Severus agrees, not sure what he's supposed to say to that.

"They will not kill anyone, or take souls," Voldemort says dismissively. "With all of Britain as hunting grounds, they have no need to. They create little pockets of—fey madness, I suppose, Muggles would think it. But they take a lesser amount of energy from greater numbers of people, and really, everyone wins."

Severus nods again. "And they are nearer at hand when you have need of them."

Voldemort's mouth twitches into almost a smile. But he plows forward as though Severus did not say anything.  "I am still in negotiations with goblins. They did not support me, and have more to prove. But I think them more useful than the average wizard does, so it may be promising yet."

Voldemort pauses, then puts his teacup down on Severus's desk. "I suppose you wonder why I'm here telling you all this."

Severus nods yet again. It is not Voldemort's usual style to share his plans and his thinking, not even back when he fully trusted Severus. And it feels—strange, for this to be the first time Voldemort has spoken to him in so many months.

"The issue of Muggle-borns is a thorny one," Voldemort explains. "I would like your input."

Severus shifts uncomfortably, remembering the last time they discussed this topic.

"I do not wish to persecute them," Voldemort says, his voice going a little gentler. "I promise."

"All right," Severus ventures.

"But they must be better integrated in our society from the beginning," Voldemort says, leaning forward and setting his cup of tea forcefully onto Severus's desk. "I cannot abide the current hands-off-until-they're-eleven policy. It is intolerable. They are wizards, they must be subject to our oversight and laws from the moment we know they exist."

"How do you plan on doing it?" Severus asks, frowning faintly.

"I need your book," Voldemort admits. "The Book of Admission and the Quill of Acceptance. In the future, we will keep Squibs in magical communities and not let them disappear from our knowledge, and so not be quite so surprised when a so-called Muggle-born pops up. But right now, these tools at Hogwarts are the only option for finding magical children in Muggle families."

"Oh, I see," Severus murmurs. So that is the only reason Voldemort is here. Severus feels his heart breaking again. He stares into his empty teacup for a while. "What will you do with the children after finding them?"

Voldemort grimaces. "That is the sticking point, isn't it? Have you thought of a brilliant compromise between the current system, and simply taking the children away from their homes to be raised by magical families?"

Severus knows what he wants to say—has known it a good long while—but he is nervous to say it.

He looks up, meets Voldemort's eyes, and lets Voldemort mentally see his hesitancy.

"Oh, I think we're long past that," Voldemort murmurs quietly. "I will never again have objections to hearing what you're thinking, Severus."

"You should form a committee," Severus says, after clearing his throat. "To approach Muggle parents as soon as a child displays accidental magic. Offer help in dealing with magical temper tantrums, moral support, cultural education, and professional psychological counseling if necessary. The child should be given a primary education alongside children from wizarding families. Only if the parents simply cannot deal with their magical child—or if they are abusive—should the committee take the child and have him or her raised by a magical family."

"It's not a bad approach, to start with," Voldemort says, his tone unexpectedly intrigued. "I suppose you think Muggle-borns should form the members of this committee."

"Well, yes," Severus says. "Ted Tonks, and Hermione Granger—and whoever's judgment you most respect, of course."

"Of course," Voldemort says with a tiny, wry smile. "Do you suppose any Death Eaters are capable of being a reasonable member of such a committee?"

"Yes," Severus answers immediately. "Avery, the younger one. He has excellent judgment."

"Who happens to have been your particular friend in school," Voldemort says, but there is no heat in it. "Very well. If I form such a committee, you will show me Hogwarts' admissions books?"

"Yes," Severus agrees. He doesn't suppose he could keep them from Voldemort by force for very long, anyway.

"I suppose that brings us to the final thing I wanted to discuss," Voldemort says, leaning back in his chair. He extends his long legs in front of him, and sighs. "I know you think I broke up with you, and you are unhappy about it."

Severus goes very still and stays very silent.

"I am sorry for not just... saying so, but I needed a break." His voice is very quiet and measured. "Reuniting my soul was... taxing. It left me a hundred things to sort out emotionally, and that has never been my strong suit. I am sorry, but I simply could not face discussing our relationship at the time."

"It's all right," Severus offers softly.

"I'm not sure that it is," Voldemort says. "But it is what happened. I want you to know that I care for you, and have cared about you ever since we met. I know I have—not always been kind to you. I do not think I have the capability to transform into a kind person."

The dry, understated manner in which this line is delivered makes Severus want to snort in laughter. He just barely manages to refrain.

"You were not the only person I was sleeping with," Voldemort says. "I feel I should be honest about this, if we are going to start seeing each other again. I have also been with Bella and Barty."

This does make Severus choke, and it turns into a cough, and he sits there coughing and unable to draw breath until his eyes start watering and he fears he'll never be able to breathe again.

Voldemort watches him very impassively until he finally gets it under control, and draws a deep breath without wanting to die.

"I didn't expect or ask monogamy of you, Master," Severus finally says, after the silence is too much to bear.

"Very well," Voldemort says. "But if we get back together in the future, you shall have it. I am done with those days. Also, these titles won't do at all. You must start calling me Voldemort. Please."

"Oh," Severus says, and blinks. He used to do so—when he first met Voldemort, and all possibilities were open. Years of being among Death Eaters had trained that out of him. Being reminded of those early days makes him feel very warm inside.

"Do you... want to be in a relationship with me?" Severus asks, marveling at the possibility he thought long dead.

"Yes," Voldemort says simply. "I have missed you."

"Oh," Severus says, and sits very still, with a careful hold over himself, until he is sure he will not tear up. "I have missed you as well."

"Can we... take it slowly?" Voldemort asks. "Maybe we can have dinner once a week and see how it goes?"

"Yes," Severus says. "I would like that very much, Voldemort."

 

Harry and his friends spent the rest of their final year of school actually buckling down and working on their N.E.W.T.s. Harry prioritizes Defense Against the Dark Arts and Herbology, because he thinks he has a chance of doing well in these subjects. He puts Charms, Potions, and Transfiguration in a lower-priority bucket, setting his sights no further than a passing grade.

Hermione, of course, drives everyone crazy by loudly aiming for Outstandings in all her subjects.

After Harry sets his quill down on the last exam, and gives wild grins to his friends as they finally walk out of the examination room, he feels simultaneously elated and lost. School is over, and with it, the familiar life he had known and come to rely on for seven years.

Instead of going out on the grounds with the rest of his classmates to celebrate, his wandering feet take him to Severus's office. Severus would never have described himself as comforting, but Harry would have to disagree. He wants to see him and hear that everything will be okay.

"Harry!" Severus exclaims, and actually stands up and gives him a very brief hug when he comes into the office. "You're done with exams? Congratulations."

"Thanks," Harry says, beaming. "I think I did all right."

"I'm sure you did well," Severus says firmly. "Sit down. Tea?"

"Thanks," Harry agrees. "I don't know if I told you yet—I got a couple owls with offers from Quidditch teams, a guaranteed spot without even having to try out."

"Not surprising," Severus says, pouring tea from the set that appeared out of thin air.

"I'm not going to take the offers," Harry says. Severus betrays no expression one way or the other as he hands Harry his tea.

"But," Harry says, a nervous feeling suddenly swooping in his stomach, "I do want to go play professional Quidditch. I just want to do try-outs and see which team is the best fit."

He suddenly feels like Severus will tell him Quidditch is frivolous, and only for fools like James Potter. But he doesn't. Severus simply gives Harry a kind smile, and nods. "Good decision," he agrees with equanimity.

Harry lets out his breath in a long huff. "You don't disapprove?"

"Of course not," Severus says. "You're young, and found something you're good at it and that you love. You'll take it seriously and it will do you good. You have plenty of time to settle down into a less physically demanding career when you're older."

"Right," Harry says. "I, well—thanks. For the support, I mean."

Severus just smiles softly. "What are all your friends planning to do?"

"Ron has been accepted into the Hit Wizard training program, and he's very excited about that. We, er, we plan to look for a flat together in London once we both start making money."

"Good," Severus says. "You'll learn some independence and maturity."

"I invited Draco to come, but he won't move out of his family's manor. He does, however, want to start a community Quidditch league with me and Ron, and that will be great fun."

"Oh, also a good idea," Severus says. "People will flock to it if you're involved."

"Hermione agreed to serve on the Dark Lord's Muggle-born committee," Harry explains. "It took her ages to decide, and she has so many ambitions, but in the end she felt like she couldn't turn him down."

"Yes, that must have been a difficult decision. If she needs help with any of it, she should feel free to come to me," Severus says firmly. "She's a bit young to be wading into such treacherous waters, but her intelligence on the committee will be highly useful. I will make sure she keeps her head above the surface."

"I'll let her know," Harry agrees. "I appreciate it, and I know she will as well. You're... you seem like you're in a good mood. You've been in a good mood all term, actually, I've just been too busy with revisions to investigate why."

"Ah," Severus says. "Yes, I am in a good mood. Voldemort and I are dating and it's going well."

Harry blinks a few times. "Oh," he says finally. "Er, ah... good?"

Severus nods.

"Is he treating you better?" Harry asks abruptly, sharply.

Severus smiles. "It's a work in progress," he answers. "But we are making progress. He wants to host a dinner for you, actually, to celebrate your being done with school. But you shouldn't feel any pressure to come if you don't like the idea."

"Oh," Harry says, blinking rapidly again. "Can I think about it?"

"Yes, of course. Oh, he actually—he actually wrote you up a formal invitation. He is quite serious about trying to get on with you. What did I do with it?"

Severus rummages around on his desk, with no success. "Give me a moment," he says, and then stands and disappears upstairs.

Harry sits there, still feeling somewhat bemused. He's accepted that Voldemort controls the British wizarding world, and that it wasn't the end of the world. But to treat Voldemort like a... a step-parent? That would be so strange.

"Harry," says a new voice, coming from the walls of the office. Harry gives a great start, almost dropping his teacup, and whirls around.

The portrait of Dumbledore is awake.

"Your parents' sacrifice mustn't be for nothing," Dumbledore urges, his blue eyes very intense. "They died so that you can live to fight for the causes they believed it—freedom and justice and peace."

Harry stares at Dumbledore's portrait, his mouth falling open a little. He hasn't come up with anything to say in response to this before Severus returns, looking pleased and cheerful.

Severus hands Harry an envelope in very fine parchment, with a beautiful wax seal. Harry stares at it, unseeing.

"Is everything all right?" Severus asks, looking at Harry uneasily.

Harry looks up.

"Tonks said something funny about Dumbledore's death," Harry remembers. "Did you—did you have anything to do with it?"

Severus sighs, looks at Harry for a while, then shrugs. "I could have prevented it, perhaps, by warning Dumbledore that Voldemort was behind him. I did not. I stayed silent, and Voldemort killed him."

"Oh, I see," Harry says. He is strongly reminded of the long talk he had with Severus about Quirrell's death when Harry was eleven. "Do you feel bad about it?"

"It took me a while to work through my feelings, but no," Severus says, sounding very even and collected. "I am pleased not to be torn between the two of them anymore, if you want the truth."

"Did Dumbledore think—did he think it was your job to defeat Voldemort?" Harry says incredulously.

"He thought it was everyone's job to do what they could," Severus says heavily.

"I guess he thought it was my job most of all," Harry says unhappily. And then he slowly repeats what the portrait of Dumbledore said to him.

Severus's face goes very red. He stands, and waves his wand, and a pair of red velvet curtains fall over the portrait.

"Interfering old bastard," Severus fumes. "I'm sorry you had to deal with that—but Harry, please, understand that he is wrong."

"Is he?" Harry asks dully, clutching the envelope that is a dinner invitation from Lord Voldemort.

"Your parents died so that you could live, Harry. Trust me—if you know nothing else about them, understand this. They loved you. They loved you above all else. They would have been so happy for you to live. Professional Quidditch star, advocate for Muggle-borns, a close circle of friends and a new family who love you very much.... They loved you. They would still love you if they could see you now."

Harry is tearing up. He swallows the tears, and the lump in his throat.

"You're sure?"

"I'm sure."

"I'll come to dinner," Harry says abruptly, standing up. "Tell him I am looking forward to it."

"I will," Severus says, his hard expression breaking into a small smile.

"Thank you," Harry says thickly. "For everything."

Harry walks away from the office without looking back. He is determined to live, and live well.
Notes:

    Well, that's a wrap. :) I have no plans for a sequel, although I am happy to answer any questions in the comments. I think everyone lives happily ever after, more or less, with a sane Voldemort and Harry's found family and friends.

    Thank you everyone for going on this journey with me, it's been a delight. You have all been wonderful. I wish everyone a peaceful and happy end-of-year, or Merry Christmas if you celebrate it. ❤️

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Bookmark Comments (3406) 

Kudos

SrAilah, Book_Muncher, LastGrace2590, elmini_1902, Monrika, Mi_ca, darkstar0196, Hermionefan, lollaika, Mnemosyne1319, KuroUchihaTaisho2, EnidTheLost, JacklegPenwright, Felisias, CynicalSisi, MinaBlake, mysterious_ms_Q, Lupa_Wolf, NightNight_Sam, InkstainedMind, Vit_antt, SunsetBirdie, Zyxwvutsrq, Ruthlesstilltheend, imbitivm, Key03, Gmhawkin, Osli, saturnringscollide, Yao23, En7anglement, writingascatharsis, Baby_natalie, roseyjl, Whosthatgirl3, HistoryMaker95, Rosch57, Bronfie, meum, Kirkkiki546, Purple_Plum_Perfume, Gryffon_Raine, Rhenizha, Sixwaytosunday, SomerAngel, Catbugaf, CorsetedPirate, volkizima, Merove, Athena_Persephone, and 7604 more users as well as 3839 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment
Comment as fictionfruit

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    Customize
        Default
        Low Vision Default
        Reversi
        Snow Blue
    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.412.4
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

