

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: words:100 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Share 

    Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Mature 

Archive Warning:

        Graphic Depictions Of Violence 

Category:

        M/M 

Fandoms:

        呪術廻戦 | Jujutsu Kaisen (Manga)呪術廻戦 | Jujutsu Kaisen (Anime) 

Relationship:

        Getou Suguru/Gojo Satoru 

Characters:

        Getou SuguruGojo SatoruKenjaku | Fake Getou SuguruIeiri ShokoItadori YuujiFushiguro MegumiKugisaki Nobara 

Additional Tags:

        Fix-ItFix-It of SortsCanon-Typical ViolenceAlternate CanonEnemies to Friends to LoversFriends to EnemiesMajor Character InjuryMutual PiningIdiots in LoveHurt Gojo SatoruProtective Getou SuguruProtective Gojo Satorudoes this count as a slowburnSlow BurnImplied/Referenced Self-HarmSelf-HarmImplied/Referenced Mind ControlAngst with a Happy EndingAngst and Hurt/ComfortA Bit of FluffSensory OverloadImplied/Referenced HomophobiaEventual Sex 

Language:
    English 
Collections:
    Jujutsu fics void, JJK Fic Recs, Collection of treasures that I've cried river if it ever got delete :)), my heart is here, stories that touched me, the good kush, losing myself in, best long fics, Favourite 
Stats:

    Published:
        2021-05-03
    Completed:
        2021-07-13
    Words:
        70,009
    Chapters:
        12/12
    Comments:
        362
    Kudos:
        6,284
    Bookmarks:
        1,811
    Hits:
        190,526

I would know him blind
malneiro
Summary:

    Suguru can’t feel the cold metal in his hands, but he knows that it’s there. He was the one who grabbed it. It’s a tiny victory, miniscule in the grand scheme of what he needs to do. But he holds onto it.

    Or, Getou is the one who frees Gojo and what happens afterwards.

Chapter 1: Chapter One: Drowning
Notes:

    So, I actually this whole thing 90% written and it's gonna be a long one. I drafted it in about a week somehow. My first multi-chaptered fic! Regular updates to follow this one, it's a bit of a heavy one. Also, I am acquainted with canon but not good friends so please be patient. This fic idea wouldn't get out of my head so I had to get it out! Here it is.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Suguru can’t feel the cold metal in his hands, but he knows that it’s there. He was the one who grabbed it. It’s a tiny victory, minuscule in the grand scheme of what he needs to do. But he holds onto it.

This is his body. Not the other’s. He doesn’t want to think about him, that man’s name doesn’t deserve to be spoken or thought. It belongs to him, that man has no right to keep him locked away in his own head like this. It’s what he tells himself, but the strain of keeping this position is wearing away at his will. It would be so much easier to let it pull him under. He got just enough strength to take over just long enough to take the box and get to an isolated place. Even then, the wear was enough that he lost control as soon as he had done that. He hadn’t even gotten close to full control.

Maybe he can’t do this.

No, no it’s not about whether he can do this, he has to do this. And he will. The other is trying to keep him dormant and hazy and trapped, but he can’t let it. Satoru is so close. Freedom is so close. But it’s not about him, Satoru is the priority. Not him. He focuses on that. It seems more manageable that way, focusing on just taking over enough to free Satoru, just Satoru.

He can’t hear the malice and threats the other is spitting at him and it doesn’t matter. He can feel his rage, how badly he wants to smother Suguru.

Suguru concentrates. He tries to hone in one the weight of the cube in his hands, how heavy and cold it should be. The ridges. The thrum and stick of the cursed energy from it. The stickiness of dried blood on his hands. He has no way of knowing what the other is doing with his body at the moment, he just has to hope that the measures he took before he went under again were enough. So, he probably has to hurry.

Satoru will be fine. Suguru will make sure of it. Satoru needs to be out and unsealed. Rage curls up in him at the memory of watching Satoru being shut up in that little box and being able to do absolutely nothing but watch and listen. He collects that rage and throws it into trying to feel that box, into believing that he can feel the metal under his fingers.

It’s hard. It’s always hard. It’s like swimming endlessly upwards through dark, cold water, without even the sunlight to tell you how close you are to surfacing. There’s only the endless water around you and the only thing you can do is keep swimming in the darkness and hope there’s something there. It’s terrifying.

Satoru. Satoru needs to be saved, for once, and Suguru is the only one who can help him. There’s no way to undo it, but he can fix this. His mind is a flurry of emotions and memories and pain but that’s one thing that’s clear.

With one last push he digs his fingers into the metal box. The coldness of it stings his hands, but the sensation is a relief. He can even see, in a dreamlike, muddy way. Suguru has to work fast. The other is trying to work against him and every second counts. He injured the body’s leg, so the pain and the hit to mobility should slow him down.

His hands work off of the other’s memory. Without it, he wouldn’t know how to open the box, so that’s one upside to having your body invaded on such a deep level. He’s gotten good at worming his way in there and stealing bits of information.

For a chilling second, he thinks it’s not working. Then he’s thrown backwards by the force of the prison cube opening.

 

Satoru feels absolutely nothing, then he feels the force of everything squeezing and pushing him out and in, tearing him apart and filling him up. At first, he thinks that it’s all coming to an end and he’s finally dying or that the prison realm is collapsing in on him. He can’t breathe. All this time, it’s felt like he doesn’t have lungs, but now he can’t breathe, and the sensation makes him want to go back to the nothingness. Something is over his face.

He scrabbles helplessly and tries to suck a breath in, but it doesn’t work. Helpless. It’s a terrible and foreign feeling he never wants to feel again, but it’s all too familiar lately.

It occurs to him as his eyes start to burn and he starts wishing he could rip his own eyes out. He’s being released. And it hurts. It’s not the release he’d idly imagined more than once, it’s painful being shunted out into the world again. Every sensation is too much. The first breath he manages to get burns his lungs and chokes him.

His eyes slowly fuzz and fade in on a ruined world. That nearly makes him try to go right back. He's very glad that his techniques don’t seem to be working, the weight of Six Eyes would be too much for him right now. That should scare him, but just being here is like being doused with cold water. His cursed energy seems slow to catch up to him. He can catch flickers of it, but it’s irregular and erratic.

No, not a ruined world. Just a ruined building. There’s rubble all around him. Probably his fault, intentionally or unintentionally. An empty warehouse or factory, it looks like. He doesn’t recognize it. His ears are ringing, which hurts too. Is something wrong with him? He should like this.

His mind is slow to catch up to his body, like when you’re first waking up and you don’t know where you are or what day it is, then it all comes back.

How long? How long was he in that godforsaken prison? How long were they without him? How long were his students without his protection? What the hell has happened while he wasn’t there to stop it?

A voice garbles from somewhere and his head snaps up. Suguru is glaring at him, furious and picking himself up from a pile of rubble. Well, it’s not Suguru. Not Suguru is yelling something at him and pointing. He looks as crazy as Satoru feels.

All at once, the whirling questions and muddled memories solidify into the first real emotion he’s felt since being released. Rage. Pure, unbridled rage that makes him want to tear everything down and rip that imposter out of Suguru’s body. Demand to know everything, then burn them for it. No more. He’s had enough. They’ll pay, all of them.

“Get back in there, Satoru. It’s useless,” Not Suguru says to him. He doesn’t care to know the man’s name. Those are the first words he hears and the first face he sees. Typical, and fitting. “It’s not time yet. You can still rest.”

His mind is clouded with wrath and general haziness, but Satoru thinks to look to his side. The cube is writhing, reaching for him again. Satoru isn’t afraid though, it just makes him angrier.

He blasts it away on instinct, and to have something to hit. It’s not nearly as strong as it should be, the cube gets blasted through the wall and nothing else, right into a river going by. Not Suguru yells and reaches for it uselessly. “No! Damn it!”

“You will give him back to me!” he shouts, pointing at him. He feels dizzy with how angry he is.

Not Suguru smiles at him. The sight makes him sick. “He’s never ever coming back to you, Satoru. I thought you’d know that by now.”

That enrages Satoru even further. He’s ready to rip that imposter apart, flickering cursed energy or not. Not Suguru looks ready to do the same, but something in his eyes is wild and monstrous. Falling apart, or crumbling. He looks absolutely terrible. And off. Satoru wonders what kind of struggle would leave him looking tattered and bloody like that. Serves him right.

Who the hell freed him? The imposter clearly wants him in the cube and out of his way, so it’s very likely not him. Something itches at the back of his brain and in his eyes.

Not Suguru raises his hand to summon a cursed spirit to sic on him, so Satoru raises his hands to ready an attack.

“You should have stayed in there, Satoru,” the imposter says, hand twitching to the side violently. His hand comes up to claw at his face. There are already angry marks there, some almost drawing blood. “You’d have been so much better off. So much happier. It’s not too late.”

“It was always too late,” Satoru replies, voice like ice. All the cursed energy and rage he can muster are at his fingertips, ready to strike The imposter has something monstrous ready to throw at him. So why the hell can’t he bring himself to attack? Why? It’s not him. And he should rip that bastard apart for what he did to Suguru.

Satoru’s eyes widen as his sluggish mind catches up to his body. Suguru is fighting. He knows it like he knows his own heart. The only reason he didn’t realize it before was because he was so angry. But now he knows. It’s the reason why the imposter looks so bedraggled. His body realized it before he did. Suguru is fighting hard for control.

And he’s losing.

Satoru drops his hand and dodges the imposter’s attack.

 

Why isn’t he fighting back? The imposter is trying to kill him and he’s not fighting back. They should be dead by now, but Satoru isn’t fighting back so they aren’t dead.

He can feel the other’s bloodlust. He’s trying to take advantage of this rare opportunity to kill Satoru and the man hasn’t even raised a hand against him except in self defense It’s not right. Does he not realize the danger?

Suguru is trying so hard to take back control, but it’s like trying to hold onto sand. Maybe he just doesn’t have it in him to survive. He’s throwing everything he has into clawing out, but what if everything he has isn’t enough?

That thought alone almost makes him let go and drift back down, to let the pressure suffocate him again. Maybe he’s just meant to fall. He hasn’t given up yet though. And if he’s going to try and fail, he’d rather be forced down rather than just let go without a fight. And he wants to see Satoru’s face one last time. The last time, his face was the last he ever saw. One last time.

His vision fuzzes in patches when he pushes. He’s been putting all of his efforts into taking control of the limbs, but now he can see Satoru.

Satoru’s eyes widen when he makes eye contact, like he can see Suguru peering out at him. Suguru hopes that isn’t wishful thinking.

The imposter takes advantage of Satoru’s distraction and makes a curse throw him against a concrete wall. Satoru crumples at the foot of it.

Suguru wants to scream with fury and terror when he sees but he has no mouth to scream with. Instead, his feet carry him towards Satoru’s struggling form against his will. Is he incapable of fighting? Did the cube do something to him? That must be it, Infinity doesn’t seem to be working properly. It has to be that. Something to do with the cube.

The imposter sits on Satoru’s chest, pinning him to the ground. “If you’re too weak to fight back, then you’re weak enough to be killed,” he hears his mouth say, as his hand reaches for a chunk of concrete. “I’ll kill you with my hands so that you can’t come back. True rest, Satoru, think of it.”

Satoru grabs the hand with the rock and snarls, “I’m not weak. I can fight.”

The hand rips itself out of Satoru’s grip. “Really? Then why don’t you?”

“Because I’m not giving up on him,” Satoru spits.

The imposter sneers in his face and raises the rock. “Any last words?”

Satoru’s eyes blaze and Suguru can feel that gaze burn into his soul. “Fight him, Suguru! You’re stronger than this bastard, so fight him! I’m not giving up! Are you really going to let him win? Are you really gonna let him do this to you?”

The imposter laughs. “He can’t hear you.”

Suguru is glad he doesn’t have a mouth at that moment because if he didn’t, he’d be sick. He’s really going to kill Satoru. Satoru won’t fight back, so he’ll kill him. All because the damned fool won’t let him go, expects him to win this impossible fight.

He waits between seconds for Satoru to throw the imposter off, to pull an ace out of his sleeve. But he just keeps fixing him with that gaze as his own hands prepare to crush his skull. No Infinity to stop it. Just those eyes.

He’s really going to let it happen unless Suguru does something. And Suguru can’t do anything. All he can do is watch Satoru die. No. That’s not allowed. Satoru can’t die now, he’s the strongest. It isn’t supposed to happen like this, he's supposed to live and get old and die peacefully. Suguru dreamed of Satoru having that when things seemed bleak, that can't be taken away now. The fool, it always happens like this with him.

So Suguru does the only thing that he can do. He lashes out with desperation and the look on Satoru’s face, and how it can’t be the last thing he does, and throws the rock to the side. Then he dashes his head against the concrete wall.

And he readies himself to claw his way to the top tooth and nail even if it kills him.

 

Suguru collapses like a puppet with its strings cut the moment his head smacks against the wall.

The comparison makes Satoru almost as sick as the sight of Suguru motionless on the floor, head bleeding, does. He wriggles out from under Suguru’s body and leans over him, heart racing in his chest. He stopped himself from killing Satoru, which doesn’t mean he’s won, but it has to count for something.

He was fighting so hard and Satoru was so desperate for him to win that he wasn’t thinking. He needed him to win so he believed it to get away from the possibility that he might lose Suguru yet again.

He can’t breathe again. Satoru reaches for Suguru’s hand on instinct and squeezes it, hoping that the pressure might ground him. Either of them. There’s a dual danger here. Suguru might not be the one to wake up, and if he’s unconscious for too long, he’ll get brain damage.

“Please,” Satoru says, “Please wake up, Suguru. Please. It’s not too late. I can’t help you with this, you’ve got to come back on your own. Please.” It sounds so much like begging but he can’t bring himself to care very much. No matter how strong he is, he can’t revive someone and he can’t save Suguru. It always seems he can never save people when it really counts. He’s been here before. Pleading with Suguru. But never like this.

He’s muttering a lot of things but he’s not processing all of them. Most of them boil down to stay with me.

Suguru’s cursed energy is going nuts, but at least it’s not going out. He can’t watch that again. It’d break him. He decides to take the chaotic rage of cursed energy as a sign that Suguru is fighting hard to wake up. His stitches are bleeding badly, and it’s soaking his face and hair and the concrete floor under them.

Satoru is afraid it’s too much blood, but he reminds himself that head wounds tend to bleed a lot. That’s got to be it. They’re both covered in so much blood.

Feeling useless, Satoru uses his sleeve to wipe away some of the blood from around Suguru’s eye. Satoru will leave if Suguru’s not the one to wake up. He knows he wouldn’t be able to bring himself to kill him again, because Suguru was so close. And if that smack to the head was enough to kill him… well, Satoru doesn’t know what he’ll do.

He shivers. If it’s anything like the last time he held Suguru’s dead body in his arms, he’ll want to go straight back into the prison realm. The last time, he’d wanted nothing when he realized Suguru was gone. Nothing in the sense that he’d wanted to see nothing, do nothing, hear nothing, and feel nothing. With that damned cube, he’d at least get some of that.

Maybe he’d drift into pleasant madness again.

Satoru squeezes his eyes shut and hopes with everything he has, like it’ll wake Suguru up. His cursed energy is gradually catching up with him, but he can hardly bring himself to come.

Suguru’s hand twitches in his.

Satoru’s eyes fly open. “Suguru?” The hand twitches again. If the cursed energy was wild before, it’s a storm now. “Suguru! You’re so close, wake up! Wake up, Suguru!” he practically shouts. He’s trying so hard. So hard. It has to be enough.

“Suguru!”

 

A desperate yell is the first thing to break through the haze. He starts to recognize it. It comes again, and he hears Satoru yelling his name loud and clear this time. He sounds so scared, or desperate. Suguru holds onto that and pushes, even though there’s nothing left for him to push with. Because he has to. Satoru’s scared, and he never shows that he’s scared, and because he’s angry he’s been kept down this long with nowhere to go.

The suffocating pressure tries to soothe him, tries to convince him to relax as it tries to force his head under the water again. It’s sickening. It is his body. It belongs to him, not that disgusting thing using him and keeping him chained.

Bullshit. It’s his right to be in charge of this thing even if it scrapes him raw.

Suguru rips the haze aside and moves towards Satoru’s voice. He’s so close. He can feel the edge, the lip where if he makes it past, it will be so much easier. With the desperation of a starving hyena diving onto a carcass, he jolts back into his body.

For a hollow moment, everything is numb and out of focus, then he can feel gravel and rubble digging into his back and cool air on him where his clothes have been ripped down to the last layer. And he can squeeze Satoru’s hand. His eyelids feel so heavy, but he tries to force them open.

“Suguru?”

This time it’s hesitant. Suguru opens his eyes and finds Satoru staring down at him, eyes wild and out of focus. Those eyes. Blue and beautiful. He squeezes his hand again and nods, because he can’t bring himself to speak. Everything feels so odd. It’s a strange sensation to occupy his body again fully, even if he isn’t alone in his head. It shouldn’t feel strange.

Satoru’s face changes into joy and relief. “Suguru!” He yanks Suguru up and tugs him to his chest tightly. The hug is shocking after so long without touch, especially because it’s from Satoru. “Hello, Satoru,” he murmurs. “You look like shit.”

He cackles and releases him from the hug but doesn’t let go of him. Which is good, he’d probably collapse again if he did. He doesn’t remember the last time he felt this exhausted.

For a moment, Satoru just stares at him, and Suguru wonders how after everything, he can still look at him like that. “What’re you looking at?”

Satoru shrugs. “You. I can’t believe you’re really…. Well, you.”

Suguru snorts. “Really? You seemed really sure of it when the other one was about to bash your skull in.”

“You saw that? Well, one of us had to believe.” Satoru breaks from starting at him to look around at the ruined warehouse, swaying slightly. He adjusts his grip on Suguru. Sirens are screeching in the distance and getting closer. He catches onto it a long moment later with a jump. “Shit. No veil.”

“Didn’t have time.” Suguru grimaces. “We should probably go before people start showing up.”

Satoru nods, then gets shakily to his feet, using Suguru’s shoulders to steady himself. Suguru props himself up with one arm. “Can you stand?” He holds a hand out to him.

“I can try.” Suguru force his heavy limbs to stand up, but his legs fold beneath him almost immediately. He swears, but Satoru manages to catch him just in time to prevent him from falling. In trying to stand again, they end up leaning on each other, arms around each other’s shoulders or waists. They’re both unsteady and off in the head, but they manage to stay standing. “Guess I’m still not settled.”

“You and me both,” Satoru remarks, as Suguru lifts his arm to summon something to transport them out of there. All the other curses have vanished in the struggles. Satoru shakes his head though. “You look dead on your feet. I’ll get us out of here.”

“So do you,” he says weakly, but lets Satoru get a better hold around his waist.

The warehouse blinks out and a bustling city street blinks in, both in the same instant. Suguru is impressed. His teleportation has come a long way since they were in school. Suguru squints as his eyes struggle to adjust to the bright lights of the city, and his brain sorts through the sudden rush of sound, sights, smells, and people rushing around them. All of it looks unfamiliar.

“Satoru, where…?” He starts to ask, but Satoru’s grip tightens on his waist even further, which stops him. He turns to look at him for an explanation, but his eyes widen in surprise.

Satoru’s eyes are wide and wild-looking, and it eerily reminded him of the overwhelmed, haunted look on his face when he released from the box. He’s gritting his teeth so hard Suguru can hear it, and he’s trembling.

Suguru’s pulse quickens as he tries to track what might be wrong. “Satoru? Are you okay?” No answer, just eyes twitching everywhere. Not good. He’s probably not angry or anything like that. Is it damage from the prison cube? He hopes not. What the hell could that consist of? Utter madness and insanity? No, he’s being stupid.

Suguru shakes himself and wracks his brain for what could be wrong with Satoru. Then feels stupid, but calmer. Of course. He should have predicted this the moment they appeared in a city street. He didn’t pin in partially because it rarely makes Satoru go nonverbal.

So it is a slow-to-catch-on effect of being in the prison cube, but not a new one, and one he knows how to deal with— sensory overload.

He tries to force his racing pulse to a normal pace, and squeezes Satoru’s shoulder. “Satoru, let’s get inside somewhere calmer. Do you have your glasses?” It’s very unlikely that he does, which doesn’t bode well. Suguru might have to rip a piece of cloth off of his clothes to tie around Satoru’s eyes.

Before Satoru can try to answer, a police car tears by them with sirens blaring. Suguru swears. Satoru yelps and the world blinks out.
Notes:

    Bit of a cliff-hanger I think, but this seemed like a good place to cut the chapter. I hope that you enjoyed this, thank you for reading! Updates to follow. I don't know how many chapters this is going to be, but it's going to be on the long side. Gojo and Getou may seem a bit ooc in this but remember, this is a pretty intense situation and neither of them are acting as they would normally for the most part.

Chapter 2
Summary:

    Getou and Gojo get back to the apartment. It's damage control time, baby! Hope y'all enjoy!

Notes:

    Just a bit of a heads up, there's a brief self harm mention in this chapter, but there's nothing too gnarly.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Too loud, too bright, too much. Shut UP.

Suguru was trying to talk to him, but the siren screamed in his ears before he could process it and make out the words. Without thinking, he teleported away from that godawful street. Mistake. Big mistake. What had he been thinking, bringing them to the middle of a city street?

They had tumbled into a too bright room and now he’s lying on the floor, shutting his eyes tight. The apartment’s lights are off, but the sun from the windows and the cursed energy combination hurts his eyes like hot needles.

He grits his teeth and ducks his head against the pain, trying not to see so much. All he wants is for it to stop. Suguru’s calming presence vanishes from his side, which makes his stomach drop. He tries to reach out to stop him, but he can’t bear to look up and go after him.

Mistake.

All he'd wanted is to get them the hell out of there. He’d just teleported a bit outside of the wrecked warehouse, he hadn’t meant to plunk them right in the middle of a sensory hellscape. Being around nothing at all for so long had made him used to it, to nothingness, and jumping right into the city, with all its bright lights and people rushing by and flashing signs and cars and voices and cursed energy had sucker punched him almost immediately. Then it was like everything had been cranked up so much that it hurt him. A voice in his head screams weak at him for being taken out so easily by something like that but it doesn't fix the feeling of his senses being boiled and eletrocuted.

He digs his fingernails into his face and thinks about gouging his eyeballs out.

 

Suguru’s limbs feel like they’re being weighed down by anchors, and his head is throbbing with so much heat and pain that it makes his vision warp, but he pries himself up off the floor anyway. He can rest later, right now he’s needed. Satoru is curled into a ball on the floor, digging his nails into his already bloody face. He'll hurt himself if he doesn't stop soon. For now, Suguru can’t do anything about that. Trying to get him to stop would be useless right now. The best way to make him stop is to help him with the sensory overload.

So he staggers up and across the floor to yank the curtains closed. Darken the room first. It’s a good thing this is still practically muscle memory to him, even after all these years, because his mind feels like it’s been filled with porridge. Sometimes, Satoru either wouldn't or couldn't help himself when the overstimulation started to bother him, so either him or Shoko would end up having to step in. Mostly it was the wouldn't aspect. Fuck. He can’t remember the last time he was this spent, but it was worth it to gain control of his body back.

He shunts the pain and fatigue in his limbs aside and prays that Satoru hasn’t somehow evolved into a clean and organized person in the years that he's been gone. If the living room is any indication, he hasn’t, which is good because Suguru doesn’t have time to go digging around an unfamiliar apartment for what he needs. It’s a nice apartment, and Suguru makes a note to go poking around once he doesn’t feel like hell warmed over. However, it very much looks abandoned and chaotic. Satoru's never liked cleaning, despite being fussy about dirt. It took him a few moments to realize Satoru hadn’t popped them into some random apartment and he wasn’t going to have to haul them both out of there before some old lady called the cops on them.

It was the scent that made him realize it. Not that Satoru’s apartment is smelly, just that it smells like him. Suguru would recognize his scent anywhere. As he wanders down the halls, going as fast as he can, he shoves random doors open until he finds the bedroom. There we are.

He lingers at the door and peers around. No time to take in the scenery as much as he’s tempted to. As he predicted, Satoru is still messy, but a different version of messy. He spots the ear defenders on the back of an armchair (a very nice leather one), and a blindfold on the nightstand.

A singular nightstand, he notes. He wants to dwell more on that, but he doesn't have the patience. Just because he lives alone (Suguru doesn't have to look at the bed to know that, it's obvious) doesn't mean he doesn't have anyone. Suguru snatches both of them up, along with the heaviest quilt he can find, and hauls himself out of the bedroom and back to the living room, where Satoru is thankfully right where he left him on the carpet.

Once he’s there, which takes a metric eternity with his injured leg, he practically crumples to the floor. The pain in his head is only getting worse. It's even messing with his vision at this point. Is it a complication with the switch? Did he break something in his brain when he strong-armed for control? Satoru jolts when he hears him, but otherwise doesn’t react. “All right. Sit up. I’ve got your stuff,” he says in a quiet voice.

Satoru does, but his hands stay firmly planted on his face. He looks like a mess, Suguru notes with guilt. He drops the stuff in his hands to pry Satoru’s hands away from his face, which takes some doing. To his relief, Satoru’s nails haven’t broken the skin. They’ve left angry red marks around his eyes that look are bleeding somewhat where he's almost broken the skin, but it’s nothing that needs first aid. Usually it doesn’t come to that point. It hasn’t for years, but the sudden change must’ve made things nastier than the run of the mill sensory overload. Suguru's never seen it hit him that hard and that fast.

Well, it’s nothing that can’t be helped. Satoru’s eyes are firmly pressed shut, so Suguru murmurs, “I’m going to put your blindfold on you.” Then he does, making sure to arrange it nicely under his shock of white hair.

As soon as it’s on, Satoru relaxes some, but he’s still dead silent, which is never a good sign. But after what he’s just been through he’s not surprised. He holds up the ear defenders, and Satoru nods, so Suguru slips those on as well. Black and sleek, just like everything else he’s wearing. Usually it's his eyes that bother him, but when it's particularly bad, it's always helped him. And with something like that, it really can't hurt. The silence might help.

He drapes the quilt over Satoru’s shoulders and sits back. His leg hurts. But weakly, he makes a phone gesture with his hand to Satoru, who nods and hands him his cellphone before burrowing in his quilt, dead to the world. Suguru would probably even find it adorable if he weren't so out of it, and if the situation weren't so messed up. Seeing Satoru curled up and small like this is unsettling. It reminds him of the sheer gravity of what's just happened to both of them.

Suguru takes it and taps through until he finds Shoko’s number. His stomach turns as the phone rings, but he holds onto his exhaustion to take the edge off just how stupid making this call is. His head is in too much pain to think about the impact it’s going to make anyway. It’d be cruel to make Satoru make the call though, with the state he's in. Even then, he doesn't trust Satoru to just try to make himself shake it off the moment he's well enough to stroll around. He needs to be checked out.

As soon as the phone call connects, the line is silent. Suguru takes the phone away from his ear to check if it’s going, but the seconds are ticking by. Well, that’s probably to be expected. Satoru is supposed to be sealed away. A call from Satoru's phone probably wasn't going to land well even if it weren't him on the phone.

Shoko speaks before he can. “Is this some kind of sick prank call?”

“No,” Suguru says. “If it were a prank call, it’d be funny.”

More silence. “Who is this? Why do you have Gojo’s phone?”

He’s too tired to deal with pleasantries, and leading into the request, otherwise he’d give an explanation. Maybe lack of explanation will ensure she’ll come. “You know where his apartment is, right? He’s there now. He’s unsealed, and he needs medical attention. Please come as fast as you can. It’s not an emergency, but he needs it.”

Yet more silence. “Suguru?”

“Shoko, please,” he says quietly, even though Satoru can’t hear him. “It’s me. Really me. He needs help. Can you come?”

“What the hell happened? You’re supposed to be dead and he’s supposed to be sealed away.”

“Come, and you’ll get the story.” With that, he hangs up and drops the phone. Rude, but he’s on his last leg. Past his last leg. Which is too bad, because he can’t rest now. Suguru hauls himself to his feet shakily, grimacing at the pain in his bad leg, then staggers off towards the door, wanting nothing more than to go to sleep. Or maybe pass out. Or go into a coma. That would be nice. Anything would be better than this slow, agonizing walk to the door. His leg is slowing him down significantly more, now that the adrenaline had worn off. Maybe he should at least steal some of Satoru’s clothes before leaving, his are ruined. That would take way too long though.

“You’re leaving again? You just got back.”

Satoru’s voice stops him before he makes it to the door. Ah. So he's well enough to speak again. Or, he's well enough to force himself. Suguru’s shoulders sag. “I can’t stay, Satoru. You’ll be fine, just sit tight. They’ll be happy to see you.” With that, he keeps shuffling out, wondering where to go and coming up blank. He can’t walk for much longer, he’ll have to get a cursed spirit to ferry him somewhere.

“I don’t—” He groans in frustration and Suguru can hear shuffling footsteps coming towards him. He catches up with him in no time. Then arms wrap around his waist as Satoru’s face presses against the back of his neck. Suguru inhales sharply as warmth spreads from the points of contact. His neck is already plenty hot, but Satoru’s warmth is something else. Oh, that’s playing dirty. The frustrating part is that he doesn’t even know what he’s doing to him. Or if he does, he’s a gotten a lot sneakier since Suguru last saw him. “You can stay.”

“I really can’t.”

“So you expect me to just watch you walk away again? How many times, Suguru?” Satoru doesn't sound angry to his surprise, but hurt. It's unfamiliar and catches him off guard like a sucker punch to the gut. He opens his mouth to answer, but finds he doesn’t have one. So he doesn’t. “Just stay. What’s the problem? Is it me?”

Suguru winces. “You haven’t done anything wrong. It’s not your fault.”

“Then what’s the problem? What that asshole did with your body isn’t your fault,” Satoru murmurs. His lips brush against the skin of his neck, and Suguru can feel his resolve weakening by the second. Shit.

“Not all of it was him,” Suguru murmurs back. His words sound like they’re blending together. “And they won’t care. They’ll kill me if they find out I’m with you, and I can’t run in the state I’m in right now.”

“And how fucking far do you think you’ll make it?” Satoru snaps. Suguru’s slightly surprised by it. His composure hardly ever dissolves like this, but he supposes it’s always been different between the two of them. To a certain extent. “I’ve seen you limping. You look like you’re dead on your feet, can you even make it out of this building on your own? You’re injured. You’re exhausted. And apparently, not thinking clearly. You look like you’re about to fucking collapse. It makes more sense to just stay.”

Kicking himself, Suguru puts his hands over Satoru’s where they’re locked around his waist. “I can get a cursed spirit to carry me.”

“That’s….” His voice breaks off, but he can feel the press of his nose and lips against his skin. Suguru’s stomach plummets, and he sighs. There’s no way he’s making it out of his apartment. He was doomed from the start. “Please Suguru, stay with me. Please.” He laughs shortly. “It feels like half of what I’ve done since being released is beg for you to stay, or come back, or wake up. And I’d do it a million more times if it meant you would stay. I mean that.”

Suguru drops his head. There’s no way he can refuse that kind of vulnerability from him. It’s so rare. “You don’t need to beg. You’re right, anyway. There’s no way I’m gonna make it. I have nowhere to go, even if I did.”

“I’ll protect you. If that’s what you’re worried about, I promise I’ll protect you. I’ll always protect you. Stay. At least until the dust settles. At least.”

The memory of Satoru’s face as the other was moments away from bashing his skull comes to mind, along with a flare of anger and nausea. Right. They’ll talk about that later though. He’s too tired. “We protect each other.” He squeezes Satoru’s hand. “All right. I’ll stay.”

Satoru smiles against his neck, then lets him go. “Good. Glad you’ve got your head on right.” Then wordlessly, he takes Suguru’s hand and tugs him over to the couch, looking like he’s going to crumple any second. “I don’t know about you, but I don’t think I can make it to the bed and I need to lie down. Lie down with me.”

Suguru doesn’t have it in him to be nervous about this, he just takes comfort in the familiarity. It shouldn’t be this easy to fall back into the old rhythms of friendship with Satoru, but it is that easy. At least when they’re both drained and in pain.

Satoru flops down onto the couch and sighs contentedly, snatching the quilt up from the floor and draping it over him. The ear defenders had apparently gotten tossed to the side when Satoru had gone after him. He’d always been that way, the moment he didn’t want to tear his eyes out of his head, the ear defenders got flung to the side even if he wasn't ready to take them off. It makes sense, he’d thought they were stupid when they’d first been given to him, but the moment the sensory overload got to him in a particularly bad way, on they went. Not that he’d tell anyone about that though, only Suguru and Shoko really knew about that.

“You coming?” Satoru asks, and lifts the blanket to make room for him.

Suguru nods and turns to the side to stall. Oh lord. It’s always been like this with Satoru, everything will be fine and dandy, then Satoru does something like press his lips to his neck or invite him to cuddle on the couch, and Suguru tries not to think about how much he wants to spontaneously combust. To which Satoru is completely oblivious. This is going to kill him. He rips off a strip of cloth from his tattered monk’s robes (down to the last ripped layer) and ties it around his forehead to prevent him from bleeding all over Satoru’s nice couch. They’re both covered in blood but still.

Then, he just decides to ditch the top half and keep the pants. Satoru stares as he does. Even with the blindfold it's not at all subtle, his mouth even hangs open a bit. He raises an eyebrow at him. “What? It’s covered in blood, I don’t want to ruin your couch. Or your quilt, actually.”

Satoru clears his throat and nods, then lies back down. “Right. Of course.” With that, he slowly lowers himself onto the couch, wincing as he tries to place his leg in a comfortable way. It takes a bit of patience, and a bit of help from Satoru, but he manages to lie down on the couch opposite from him. The relief is immediate. He really needed to lie down. It’s a good sized couch, so they’re inevitably pressed together, but it’s comfortable, especially when Satoru pulls the quilt around them.

Suguru finally lets himself relax on the couch, and feels stupid that he ever thought he could make it out. His entire body sings in relief and his leg throbs but it's not hot stabbing needles anymore. Either way, this is a lot better than roaming around on the back of a cursed spirit. He hadn't even had a plan after that, he'd just planned on finding a nice quiet place to lie down and go to sleep. Somewhere away from people. The moment that he’s finally able to relax, he feels like he’s already halfway asleep. One of the perks of Satoru’s obliviousness to how their casual intimacy affects Suguru is that he gets to be held in the arms of the man he loves. Better than nothing. Certainly better than passing out in an abandoned building, which was probably where he'd been heading.

Satoru’s hand comes up to slap him in the face lightly. Suguru groans and pries his eyes open grumpily. Satoru laughs at him, then says, “You can’t go to sleep, you might have a concussion. You know, from bashing your head against the wall?”

“Mmm,” he grumbles, wanting nothing more than to go to sleep, but knowing Satoru is right. “That head bash saved your life, thank you very much.”

Satoru nods, grinning at him. “You can sleep later. Believe me, I wanna sleep too. We’ll call Shoko, then sleep. Where’s my phone?” He goes to sit up, and ends up bumping Suguru’s injured leg. Suguru hisses in pain and grabs Satoru’s hand. “Oh. Sorry, your leg.”

Suguru shakes his head. “It’s fine. I already called Shoko, she’s on her way. We can just lie here until she gets here.” Satoru’s smile fades. “What’s wrong?”

“Nothing,” he says too quickly. “Nothing. Just… you were really planning to leave while I was on the floor, huh?” Suguru grimaces, and goes to explain, but Satoru cuts him off by shaking his head. “I get it. Well… okay, it was foolish to think you could make it on your own in your state, and I told you so. How did you hurt your leg?”

He’s changing the subject on purpose. Eh, let him. If anything, he can bring it up later, but for now, it’s clear they’re both tired and worn out. It’s not worth it. “I hurt it on purpose. To stop that asshole from taking me somewhere I didn’t want to be.”

“Huh.” Satoru nods approvingly. “Smart.”

“Maybe, maybe not,” Suguru murmurs. “I’m in control, aren’t I?” For now, anyway. He’s not in the mood to be optimistic in the slightest, and he doesn’t want to be disappointed by losing his body yet again. If that thing tries him right now, he’ll lose. He’s exhausted.

Satoru pokes him. “You won, Suguru. It’s over.”

“For now,” Suguru murmurs. “Probably for the best that I stay, Shoko should look me over.”

“Hm.” Satoru pushes his blindfold up, even though he definitely hasn't recovered. He's still all twitchy and tense, and other signs that Suguru has ceased registering consciously at this point. Suguru almost rolls his eyes at the gesture. Then he stares at him with those blue eyes, and Suguru lets himself look back. “Well, you look like a mess to me. But it looks like you, primarily. Lot of stuff in there. And it feels like you, which is the important part.”

Suguru smirks and raises an eyebrow. “Is it?”

“Yes,” Satoru says with a smile, pushing down his blindfold again. “I’ll always know that it’s you. Because it’s you.” He squeezes his arm.

Suguru snorts. “Well, that’s a relief.” He groans. “I want to sleep.”

Satoru sighs. “Me too.” With that, they lapse into silence, too tired to keep talking to keep each other away and too tired to move. Satoru seems to get more relaxed as time goes on in comfortable silence, which Suguru is glad for. By the time Shoko gets here, he should be better. He’s glad they’re not talking, he doesn’t think he can do it with his head as bad as it is. They wait like that until Shoko comes, and Suguru mulls things over, trying to let things sink in.

 

Shoko stares at her phone, half in shock, half thinking of fucking course. Always dramatics with those two. Then she shakes her head and starts packing a bag, because what else can she do? It seems like this is a situation she should have a strong reaction to, but instead it just feels like business as usual. If anything, she’s slightly exasperated. Leave it to Getou to be as vague and menacing as possible when requesting medical attention.

She pauses halfway through packing her bag, wondering just how heavy those two had managed to injure themselves. Some details would’ve been nice. Oh well. Unfortunately, that delay gives enough time for Itadori to come barrelling through the door. Oh no. Now what’ll she say.

“Hey there,” she says, and continues packing.

Itadori comes up to her, peering into her bag. “You going somewhere? I didn’t know you made house calls.”

Shoko shrugs. “It’s… a special case.”

Itadori freezes. “What happened? Did someone else die, or get mangled or something?”

“What? No, kid. Jeez, that’s dark.” She bends down and throws a package into the bag. “Well, maybe mangled. He was vague.”

Itadori gives her a curious, genuine look. “Who was vague?”

Shoko pauses. It’s not right to not tell him. Maybe it’ll prevent a big blowup from happening over this. It’s better if people know Satoru Gojo is back sooner rather than later, isn’t it? Still, it’s not fair to just tell Itadori. She doesn’t have time though. So with a sigh, she says, “I’m gonna tell you something. You have to promise to tell your classmates though, all right? And don’t interrupt me. And no questions.”

Itadori nods with determination. “I promise.”

“Hm. Okay.” Shoko picks up the pace to pack her bag. She’s almost done. Shit, she didn’t want to be the one to have to break the news. “Gojo’s back. I said not to interrupt!” she says, pointing a finger as Itadori goes to shout something, looking like his head is about to burst. She doesn’t blame him, but the kid looks floored. It was always a matter of time. “Gojo is back, and he’s at his apartment. I’m on my way to give him medical attention, at the request of another person. It’s not an emergency, but I was told that he does need medical attention.”

Itadori stares at her in shock, and Shoko feels sort of guilty. Poor kid. Finally, he blinks and sort of tries to collect himself, but fails. “Okay, I know you said no questions, but….”

Shoko sighs and closes her bag, then hauls it off. “You can ask two questions, I won’t answer anymore after I’ve gone out the door. Make it quick.”

Itadori practically bursts as Shoko rushes to the door and shouts all in a rush, “Who is the other person? How the hell did Gojo get out? Can I see him?”

Shoko pauses at the door. “Gojo apparently brought something, someone, back with him, and they called me. I don’t know. And we’ll see. No more questions, and tell your classmates.” Then she rushes out the door as Itadori whoops behind her. At least these kids have some good news.

 

Shoko buzzes herself into Satoru’s apartment, not knowing what to expect. But what she finds isn’t chaos, but a very dark and very quiet apartment. It’s unsettling. Is it empty? It feels abandoned. Well, it sort of was abandoned before today. It’s a miracle he hadn’t been evicted. She calls out, “I’m here! Where’s the bloodshed?”

“We’re in here!” Satoru calls from inside the apartment. Helpful.

Shoko adjusts her grip in her bag and wanders through the apartment until she finds the living room. When she walks, two heads pop up from the pile of quilt on the couch— one white and one dark one. So it’s true. And he stayed. Shoko waves at them. “Cozied up already, hm?” Suguru rolls his eyes and Satoru laughs. “I suppose that means you’re back then?” She points at Suguru.

Suguru nods. “Yep. Hopefully.” His voice sounds cracked and thin. He looks absolutely terrible in a way that makes worry twist in her gut. Satoru is covered in blood but Suguru’s eyes worry her the most.

“Fantastic. Now I have to deal with both of you. Whose injuries are more urgent?” She lays her bag down on Satoru’s coffee table and pops it open.

“His,” Satoru says, and Suguru opens his mouth to protest, but no sound comes out. He just grimaces in pain and keeps his eyes squeezed shut. It's then that Shoko notices how tense Satoru is, and the protective hold he has on Suguru, gathering him in. Even though there's nothing he can do to help Suguru. “He keeps getting worse. I don’t know what’s wrong with him.” He looks up to meet Shoko’s eyes behind the blindfold. “Can you help him?”
Notes:

    Yeah, Gojo dealing with sensory overload because of his techniques is important to me, yet he also seems like he would be absolutely terrible at taking care of himself like that. They've had a bit of a heart-to-heart here, but more to come because oh boy is there a lot of ground to cover between them because they're an absolute mess. Also just to be clear, their relationship during high school was totally platonic but with pining on both sides because they're terrible with feelings and communication, they mean well though. Those people that whose feelings for each other were so painfully obvious to everyone that isn't them because I personally think that's hilarious, and they're insufferable. Love them. But for now, Suguru is not going to wander off! Hope y'all enjoyed this chapter!

Chapter 3: Triage
Summary:

    Suguru may be alive, but he's not out of the woods just yet. Neither of them are.

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Suguru kept getting worse the longer that he lay on the couch, until he couldn’t really answer Satoru when he asked him questions. He’d try, but it would either be hard for him to listen or one-word answers.

“He feels really hot. I think something’s wrong with him. He’s having trouble talking too, could that be because of when he hit his head?” Satoru asks, very quickly. He’s sitting up now, with Suguru’s head in his lap, as Shoko examines him. Shoko told him to get off the couch so she could have some room to work, but Suguru wouldn’t let him leave. So they compromised.

Suguru shakes his head slightly on his lap. Shoko notices this, but doesn’t say anything about it. “He hit his head? How hard?”

“Smacked it against a concrete wall so hard he passed out. On purpose,” Satoru says, getting more nervous by the second. Shoko nods and pries one of Suguru’s eyes open to shine a penlight in it, and feels around his head. “Is something wrong with him?”

“Well duh,” Shoko says, checking a few more things.

“Your bedside manner sucks, you know,” Satoru says.

“Mm,” Shoko mumbles. “He got lucky. Nothing’s broken. He does have a concussion, but he should be good to sleep now. He definitely has a fever, a cursed one, and he’s in a lot of pain. That’s why he can’t speak. At a certain level of pain, that can happen.”

“Fuck. I’ve never heard of that happening. Is that what it is?” he asks Suguru, who grunts in response, eyes still squeezed shut. His breathing is all over the place, and his stitches are bleeding, which can’t be good with the sweat beading up on his hot face. He feels like a furnace on Satoru’s legs. “What can I do to help?”

“Sit there and look pretty,” Shoko mumbles offhandedly, digging around in her bag for something.

Satoru frowns. “I’m serious, Shoko. I want to help him.”

“I’m serious too.” She pops back up and examines Suguru. “Sit still and don’t jostle his head. Keep him steady if he tries to move. You can’t do much, honestly. You’re not the doctor here.”

Satoru nods, hating the feeling of helplessness. Suguru’s right there suffering, and once again, Satoru can’t do anything about it. Not in the slightest. Why does this keep happening to them? When it really counts, he can’t do anything to help.

“Cheer up, he’s gonna be fine. You’ve got me.” Satoru looks back up as Shoko starts to dab away the blood and sweat from Suguru’s forehead. “You’re not a doctor, but I am. It’s a good thing you called me. I can help. He’ll get better, it’ll just take some elbow grease.”

 

It will not just take some elbow grease, Shoko decides immediately after she says that to Satoru. It will take a whole lot of cursed energy and delicate application of said cursed energy. And time. And even then, it might not even be in her hands. The cause of the fever is pretty apparent once she gets Satoru to tell her, as she can tell even though he doesn’t say, a very abridged version of events.

It’s a cursed fever, caused by the clash of Suguru and the imposter, still in his head and fighting now that Suguru’s the one in the front. And possibly his body rejecting the imposter, but because of how familiar his body is with accommodating curses, that’s either unlikely or barely a problem. Most likely, Suguru will only recover from the fever if he’s able to break it and come out on top.

Something has definitely shifted between the two of them as well, and Shoko wonders if it has to do with the events Satoru left out. Or maybe both of them are just so worn down raw that they don’t have any energy to keep up the pretenses they likely would have otherwise because of the bad blood between them. She wouldn’t be surprised if that were the case. They’re both exhausted, but Suguru can’t sleep because of the pain and Satoru stubbornly refuses to leave his side to sleep even though he really should.

 

She manages to lessen the pain, but she sort of wishes that she didn’t because now Suguru’s pain level is low enough that he can speak again.

“Don’t fucking ask me about that bastard!” Suguru snaps angrily when Shoko asks him for more details about the imposter in his head. “He doesn’t deserve to have his name fucking spoken. He doesn’t deserve to be known, fuck him.”

The sheer hatred and vitriol in his voice takes her aback, but it’s not exactly surprising given what apparently happened to Suguru. She can’t imagine having her body violated like that. Especially after death, when you’re supposed to be allowed to rest, not strung up like a puppet. It makes sense, as frustrating as his stubbornness is.

“Okay, jeez, I get it. No more questions. Hold still,” Shoko says.

“I am.” To his credit, he is. Actually, he’s stiff as a board and gritting his teeth so hard that Shoko’s slightly worried he’ll crack a tooth if he doesn’t let up. “I hate this. I want that bastard out of my head.”

“Dude, I’ve got my hands full trying to hold you together. Later. You might be able to find a specialist, but that’s out of my skill set. What I can do is get you stable and healing,” Shoko says, working a delicate piece of jujutsu. The fever is a stubborn, nasty thing, and it shows in Suguru’s cursed energy. She wonders how much more Satoru can see of it. It’s probably part of the reason he’s so on edge. He’s quiet, and he keeps stroking Suguru’s hair to try to soothe him.

“Am I gonna die again?” he asks, eyes wild and furious. "I'm not dying like this." Just how delirious is he?

“You’re not gonna die,” Satoru says, rewetting the cold washcloth he’s using to keep Suguru cool. Shoko gave it to him to do to keep him occupied and feeling helpful. He dabs it across his forehead and over the back of his neck. Suguru breathes in sharply and relaxes a bit. “I won’t let you.”

“Not your choice,” Suguru mutters back, and hisses in pain.

“He would have died if you hadn’t gotten him to stay,” she says to Satoru, mostly to stop them before they get carried away with bickering. “He probably would have keeled over within an hour or so and then either his body would have given out or the imposter would have taken back over.”

Suguru flinches at this and doesn’t respond. Satoru’s face goes closed stormy, probably thinking over some horrible “what if”.

“What was even your plan once you left?” Shoko asks, to distract them. She’d miscalculated that last move, but now wasn’t the time for apologies. “It’s not like you have money for a hotel room or something.”

“I could have stolen it,” Suguru replies through gritted teeth. His breathing is erratic, which also makes it hard for him to talk.

“You could barely walk, you couldn’t have stolen shit, dumbass,” Satoru says sharply back, to which Suguru replies by flipping him off. Satoru huffs in response and dips the washcloth back in the cold water. Suguru relaxes again when it touches his forehead. “He was gonna have a curse carry him somewhere to die, apparently.”

“I could’ve done it.”

“I’m sure you could have, dude,” Shoko says. The image of a delirious, staggering Suguru trying to pickpocket someone would be funnier if it weren’t so grim given the context. “Or just, like, stolen Satoru’s credit cards.”

“He never would’ve found ‘em,” Satoru says, just before Shoko’s jujutsu hits a harsh spot and Suguru cries out, face contorting upsettingly in pain. He jolts in pain and tries to get away from her hands, but luckily Satoru is there to hold him down and steady him.

“I wanna knock myself out again,” Suguru says through gritted teeth, and he does knock his head back against Satoru’s thighs. Satoru puts his hands in his hair to steady him, carefully avoiding the stitches.

“Not yet,” Shoko says quickly. “You need to fight this thing. If the fever breaks, you’ll stay in control and recover. You put a lot of strain on yourself getting in control, and I mean a lot, but it’s not over yet. Keep pushing.”

Suguru groans with a combination of irritation and pain. Satoru presses the cold compress to the back of his neck to try to comfort him, and it seems to slightly help. Even if the relief is temporary, Suguru needs everything he can get right now. He has to be willing to keep pushing.

Thus begins hours of trying to keep Suguru alive and in control. Mostly, he slips between raving and pained silence and just making low whining noises with his eyes squeezed closed. The latter seems to make Satoru the most nervous.

“You can’t have it,” Suguru says breathlessly at one point, to seemingly no one in particular. He has his eyes squeezed shut again. “I’m not going back there, I’d rather die than go back there, please. I don’t wanna go back. I don’t wanna. I can’t breathe. Please.” He sucks in a short breath and grimaces again. "Fuck off. Motherfucking bastard."

“You’re gonna be okay, Suguru,” Satoru murmurs, and Shoko wonders if it’s for Suguru’s benefit or his own. She wouldn’t blame him either way, it’s a very unsettling sight. Neither of them have seen Suguru this torn apart at the seams before. It’s deeply unsettling, because they’ve always known him to be relatively subdued, even when shit is going down. Satoru must be particularly shaken by the threat of losing him again after just getting him back. Shoko is doing everything she can, but even then it doesn’t seem like it’s enough. And Satoru looks like he’s about to keel over at this point. He should be in bed, healing, but instead he’s here.

“You know,” Shoko begins, breaking her train of thought trying to come up with something else to throw at the cursed fever. “You don’t have to stay. You can go to sleep, he’ll be fine, I promise.”

“No!” Suguru snaps, suddenly aware of what they’re saying. He grabs Satoru’s hand with an iron grip and pushes his head further onto his lap. “No. No. No no no.”

“I’m not going anywhere, Suguru, I promise. I’m staying right here,” Satoru says. He looks absolutely worn down to the bone and hollowed out, but Shoko can tell he means it. He doesn’t have the energy left to lie. He cradles Suguru’s face with his free hand, and Suguru lessens his grip on Satoru’s hand long enough for him to replace the cold compress.

The wild desperation fades on Suguru’s face, leaving behind pained terror. He whimpers as a particularly nasty wave goes through his cursed energy, and Satoru grimaces at the sight. “How is he doing?”

Shoko grimaces. “He’s fighting tooth and nail, but I don’t know how much more he can take. He’s stubborn, so I’m giving him more time than I would a normal patient. Still. I need to get this fever to a safe place where he can just ride it out from, and quickly. I have a plan, but I need you to hold him down. It’s not gonna be pleasant.”

Satoru grimaces, but nods. “All right.”

 

Suguru screams bloody murder when Shoko’s technique hits him, and he nearly throws her off, Satoru manages to hold him steady enough for her to continue. He murmurs comforts to Suguru, but he might now even be able to understand him with all the pain he’s in. Suguru clearly takes comfort in his presence through the procedure though. His hands flew to Satoru’s arms the moment she started and clamped down hard. Satoru let him, and made sure that he didn’t bite through his tongue.

Shoko is surprised that the cops haven’t been called on them by now with the terrible sounds he’s making. It kills her to make him writhe and scream like that, but it’s the only way. It’s a brutal, painful trick she doesn’t like to use but it’s the only thing she can think of that will be effective for getting a leg up on that thing.

“Sorry,” she mutters as she continues, because Suguru’s starting to tear up. He never cries in front of other people, not when he can help it. She throws more of her energy behind it so it can be done with soon, but this is a delicate process. “Just hang in there.”

 

Watching Suguru writhe and beg and rave through Shoko’s last resort treatment is torture. He’d always been the type to grit through any pain, and for him to act like this, the pain must be more than even he can handle. He’s been past his limit for hours now, and it just got even worse.

He screams and grabs Satoru’s hand, begging for him to stop it, more than once, but Satoru can’t do anything. The only thing he can do is be a steady presence and hope that he gets himself through it. And make sure he doesn’t hurt himself of course. He’s strong. He’ll be fine.

Shoko knows what she’s doing, Satoru knows that, and he can see with his own two eyes that this cursed fever runs deep. It isn’t going to be broken by simple and easy means, and Suguru’s life is at risk if they don’t get him through the worst of it now.

And he is getting better. Satoru can see whatever it is that Shoko’s doing get down to the roots of the fever and pry them out of the bedrock. It’s brutal and harsh, but it’s getting the job done. He supposes that makes sense. To solve a painful problem you have to use a painful solution. That’s the way the world works.

But at the same time, Suguru’s been through so much already.

 

The treatment finishes not all too soon, and Suguru shudders into silence, shaking weakly. But he drops to sleep quickly, practically the moment that Shoko said he was cleared to sleep. After Suguru goes to sleep, Shoko does a couple of other treatments on him. Not nearly as intensive, she tells him. Just some things to make sure everything’s taken care of and Suguru will recover fine.

“Do you really think he’s gonna be okay?” Satoru asks absently, watching Suguru’s chest rise and fall with his breathing. Regular and steady now, despite how hot he still feels.

Shoko shrugs. “Depends on what you’re talking about. Suguru’s stubborn. If anyone can claw their way through this, he can. It won’t be simple though, if that’s what you’re talking about. Or easy.”

“Didn’t think so,” he says. “Nothing’s ever that easy.” He brushes a bit of hair out of Suguru’s eyes. “He’s gonna live though.”

“Yep. Definitely gonna live.” Shoko takes a breath before going back to her process. “What should I tell the kids when I get back? They probably have all sorts of questions.”

Satoru straightens up. “You told them?”

“One of ‘em caught me on the way out,” she explains. “Couldn’t not answer. I was vague, just said you were back and had another person with you. That’s all, really. But they’re gonna want answers. Probably gonna wanna see you too.”

“Yeah, makes sense.” He really wants to get back to his students. It’s been way too much time already, but there’s no way that he can manage that right now. He can’t let them see him like this, and Suguru needs time. Complicated things are on the horizon, and they need to be ready. “Tell them I’m unsealed, and I’m recovering, of course. Not gonna be back for a few days though, I need to rest. And don’t tell them about Suguru, okay? That’s something I should probably explain myself. I don’t want them jumping to conclusions in the meantime.”

“Fair enough,” Shoko says with a shrug. “You’re probably not gonna do much else but sleep in the next few days. And you shouldn’t, either. When both of you feel steady on your feet, you can come by for a deeper examination. Probably best to do reintroductions then, too. Don’t worry about when though, I’ll be coming by to help with that.”

“Hm. Good,” Satoru murmurs.

Shoko finally rubs her hands together. “There. Fixed his leg. I was saving it for last because that was an easy fix. Well, anything would be easy relative to tackling that cursed fever. Jeez. Nothing’s ever easy with you two, hm?”

Satoru laughs lightly. “Where’s the fun in that?”

“Well,” Shoko says with a sigh. “I’m wiped, and this is just about wrapped up. And we can’t have you or him passed out on the couch forever.”

“Nah, probably not,” he says, though he wants nothing more than to do that. Bedrooms are overrated. He doesn’t want to move another inch, and Suguru is already dead asleep.

Satoru tries to insist on carrying Suguru to the bedroom, but he and Shoko both know that if he tried, he’d end up dropping Suguru on his head halfway there. His limbs feel like they’ve been hollowed out by a grapefruit spoon and then filled with lead, and his head feels the same way. Waking Suguru up to walk there isn’t an option— even if they could manage to wake him up, there’s no way that Suguru would be able to make it.

Besides, with the treatments he’s been through, he deserves to rest. Shoko ends up hefting him up from the couch in a clumsy bridal carry and staggering down the hall as fast as she can, according to Satoru’s directions. Satoru trails after her, smirking slightly as Shoko struggles to hold Suguru, who’s gone limp, swearing to herself. He’s tempted to record it, but he doesn’t feel like going back for his phone.

She manages to dump him gently onto the bed before she drops him straight on the floor though, which Satoru is impressed with. Suguru isn’t a small man, and definitely bigger than Shoko.

Suguru gets put flat on his face on top of Satoru’s bedsheets, which he grumbles in his sleep at. “Oh quiet,” Shoko pants. “I did my best. That bastard’s fucking heavy. What does he eat, rocks?”

“Curses are close enough to rocks, eh? Rocks that hate you,” Satoru says, wandering into the room. Every bone in his body is aching to collapse on the bed and pass out. He’s honestly surprised he made it this far without passing out or getting overloaded again. He can feel himself getting close to that edge again.

“Eh, fair,” Shoko says, then snaps her fingers at him. “You better get to sleep too.” She nods towards the bed. “You look like hell boiled over.”

“I feel like hell boiled over,” he mutters, and crawls onto the other side of the bed. He manages to tug the blankets out from under Suguru so that he can pull them up over both of them. His body sighs in relief, sleep immediately tugging at him.

Not yet though. He reaches over to nudge Suguru onto his side so he can breathe better, and Suguru ends up stirring in his sleep. He wrinkles his nose and rolls over to the side, moving around until his face is tucked against Satoru’s chest. Then he relaxes again and goes to sleep. It makes Satoru’s heart go right into his throat, making it a bit hard to breathe. He missed him so much, and now he’s here. Not out of the woods, but on his way.

Shoko snorts, and Satoru jumps, because he forgot she was there. “I can’t believe I have to deal with the both of you now. Better than the alternative I suppose,” she says, smirking. “Don’t go to sleep yet. I have to fix you up, then you can sleep.” She comes around the bed to reach him.

“Ah, right.” He’d forgotten that he’s also injured. Shoko frowns in concentration as she applies her jujutsu to him, but it doesn’t take nearly as much effort as it does with Suguru to fix him up. Which makes him suspicious. There’s no way coming back from something like the prison cube is as easy as that.

“Here’s the thing,” Shoko says, pointing at him. “Your injuries are easy, but that’s not what I’m worried about. You seem fine, but I don’t know how much I trust that. Just take it easy and rest, the both of you. Neither of you should push yourselves. Make sure you’re both staying hydrated and fed. I want to do a deeper examination on both of you to be sure that everything’s cool, so we’re gonna do that when both of you are well enough to go to the school. I don’t have all my equipment here.”

“Hm, fair enough,” Satoru says. He hates being examined, but it’s probably the smart thing to do after what both of them have been through. What sort of deeper damage could she be talking about? Thinking about it unsettles him.

“Sleep. I mean it.” She glances at where Suguru is tucked into his chest, and comes back around the bed to the door. “I’m gonna buy you two some food and stuff, I don’t trust either of you to do, and I’m pretty sure that fridge is a wasteland by now. I’ll be right back, I’ll just drop it off so don’t worry about it. I’ll be by to check up.”

“Got it,” Satoru murmurs, and waves goodbye as Shoko shuffles out of the room and closes the door behind her. He sighs in relief and lets his head rest on the pillows. As soon as he does, he can feel the exhaustion start to take over again. Too tired to do anything but take full advantage of this quiet, hard-won moment, he wraps his arms around Suguru and holds him loosely. He’s safe. They’re both safe.

He holds onto that thought as he drifts hard and fast off to sleep.

 

Shoko finds a small store a short walk from Satoru’s apartment that she loads up on food at. She tries to aim for easy to digest and prepare, single-serving food that doesn’t need refrigeration, and a mix of juice and water. Sick people stuff, essentially. Carrying it back is a bit of a pain, but she manages to get it all up the stairs and into the apartment with little trouble.

When she quietly pushes back into Satoru’s bedroom to drop the food off, neither Satoru nor Suguru stir at the sound of the door creaking or the bags tumbling to the floor. They’re both fast asleep in each other’s arms, Suguru with his face mashed into Satoru’s chest and Satoru clutching Suguru like a teddy bear.

She snorts at the sight and clicks the bedroom door shut behind her.
Notes:

    Bit of a heavy chapter, but no way Suguru's getting off that easy, as much as it sucks for him. They finally get to rest though! Reintroductions are definitely coming, but they definitely need time to heal, neither of them would be able to make it through that presently. For reference, the google doc I have for this fic is sitting at roughly 75 pages, so definitely not done yet!

Chapter 4: Eye of the Storm
Summary:

    Suguru and Satoru are getting better slowly but surely, as they rest in Satoru's apartment. They have a lot of pieces to pick up, and they'll need their strength.

Notes:

    More of a lowkey chapter before things start to pick up again, but there are some important moments in there. Next time, they'll be going to the school! Hope y'all enjoy :)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

There’s a cluster of teenagers waiting for Shoko in front of the school when she walks up the next morning. It's just a quick stop for supplies and checking on things before she heads to Satoru's apartment to check on him and Suguru, so she can't help but wonder how long they've been waiting there for news. Itadori must’ve kept his promise, because they’re all three of them are looking at her expectantly. The others must be on missions or something, otherwise they'd be here.

They wait for her to stop in front of them, and she does, but she takes the time to light a cigarette before she starts talking. “Well, he’s not dead, if that's what you're waiting for."

“But is he okay?” Itadori asks her, stepping forward a bit. “Not dead doesn’t mean okay. What kind of shape is he in?”

Shoko snorts. “After what he’s been through I doubt he’s okay but he’s not in any danger if that’s what you’re wondering. Promise. I'm good at my job.”

“Okay, then what happened?” Fushiguro demands. "He must've told you something. We deserve to know."

Shoko pauses. She actually doesn’t really know what she should say, so she takes a long pull from her cigarette. Satoru wanted her to be very vague, so it's likely best to just be very vague, even if they're gonna want some more details answers. Actually, now that she thinks about it, she doesn't even have detailed answers to give. They were mostly too busy with keeping Suguru alive to talk about the nitty gritty of things. “Someone freed him. There was some trouble, but it seems like the dust is settling. He’s back at his apartment resting.”

“His apartment? Can we visit him? Please?” Itadori asks hopefully. “We’ve never seen his apartment before. I'll bet it's expensive and shit.”

“No, kid.” Itadori and most of the students deflate a bit. “Look, there’s a lot of moving pieces here. And Gojo probably isn’t going to do much else but sleep today, in all honesty. He's not gonna be able to do much else but sleep today." The kids look unsettled at that, and she doesn't blame them, they've never really seen their teacher very injured. "Dude needs space to heal. And you can ask him what happened when he gets back. He's gonna be fine, though.”

“What about the other guy?” Kugisaki asks, crossing her arms, and the boys perk up at that, eyes locking onto her. This seems like something they've been waiting to ask. “What’s with all the secrets? What’s going on here? We've got some ideas.”

“I don’t like this,” Fushiguro mutters. "There's gotta be a reason that you're not telling us who it is. Either it's something Gojo doesn't want us to know about, you don't know, or he's embarrassed about it. And the guy doesn't get embarrassed. I don't like secrets."

"He's back and we can't even see him?" Itadori asks, looking disappointed. Kugisaki looks just as disappointed, but more in a resigned kind of way.

“Look.” Shoko sighs. “I get it, but you’re just gonna have to wait. You’ll get answers, it'll just take a day or so, who knows. But neither of them are in any shape to be here. Think of it this way. A bomb goes off, you can’t just go back into the building, right? Be patient. And I can almost certainly guarantee that you have no idea who it is, so there's no point in trying to guess."

Fushiguro glares at the ground, and that's when Kugisaki choses to ask, “And… what the hell do we tell him? I mean... the dude missed a whole bunch of stuff. Is it on us to tell him?”

Itadori looks uncomfortable. "I don't know about that. I mean, there's some heavy stuff in there."

Fushiguro doesn't look all that happy either. "I don't see how it's our responsibility to fill him in. He was the one who missed it. Still though. I don't see that conversation going well."

Shoko glances at the three of them, and the various battle scars they've gained since Satoru was sealed. He's going to feel responsible for all of them, she knows that. “I don’t know. He’s not gonna react well, that’s for sure.” The group shifts uneasily. She adjusts her grip on her bag. “If you want advice, as his doctor, I say that he doesn't need the added stress on top of all of it, and he'll find out when he's ready to. You guys are kids, it's not your responsibility to be the bearer of bad news. He’s gonna come in for an examination soonish. You can say hello then. For now, just wait a bit more, ‘kay?” With that, she walks away and leaves them to talk anxiously amongst themselves.

 

When Satoru wakes up, it’s noon of the next day, and Suguru is still asleep. He still feels shaky and weird like nothing else, but he’s at least hungry again, so he devours some of the food Shoko left them, and drains a bottle of water. The weird feeling is unsettling and unpleasant, but there's not much he can do about it. He calls Shoko, and she comes by to check up on them, but mostly Suguru.

He hasn’t gotten any worse since yesterday, which is a relief to both Satoru and Shoko, but he also hasn’t gotten much better. He doesn’t wake up at all when Shoko comes by to examine him and do a few more treatments that she’d researched last night at home. She says they'll help, and Satoru figures that Suguru needs all the help he can get. His cursed energy looks steadier though, even if it is still volatile and off. He keeps muttering in his sleep as if he’s having a nightmare. Shoko leaves with more instructions to keep his fever down and tells both of them to rest. She also tells him that the kids had a hell of lot of questions when she went in that morning to pick some stuff up and stop in, but she dodged most of them as best she could. Satoru's going to have to explain to them eventually, but that's not even in his top three concerns right now.

Once she leaves, he lies down beside Suguru and examines him closely. The stitches still look angry, but they’re not bleeding anymore. He’s still covered in dried blood though. It’s all down his torso in his hair. He’s also soaked in sweat and covered in grime. Satoru’s not much better either. All in all, they're both a mess and in desperate need of a shower. He pushes some hair stuck to Suguru’s forehead out of the way. In his sleep, Suguru's hand twitches and reaches towards Satoru, so Satoru traces the bones in his hand idly.

Waking up next to Suguru in the middle of the morning was so weird. He’s so used to waking up alone that it took him a few panicked moments to remember why he was in his bed and settle. Even when he didn't spend his nights completely alone, he always made sure he woke up alone. But he looks over and there he is, sweaty and feverish and alive. It’s nice, but it also twists his heart because Suguru never said that he’d stick around permanently. Or even if he had meant it like that, who knew if things wouldn’t just go wrong again? It all just blends up in his mind like memory soup, but he can't help but be terrified he's going to lose him again, even after all that. A thousand things could go wrong, even if Suguru gets better.

Satoru drifts off again and has murky dreams full of memories and blood, and this time when he wakes up, he isn’t surprised by Suguru’s presence in the bed next to him. He’s shifted to the other side of the bed in his sleep, far away from Satoru, and kicked all the covers off. Satoru frowns and crawls over to feel his forehead. Hot. Probably fine, but just to be sure….

Satoru reaches over to get the thermometer Shoko left them and carefully takes Suguru’s temperature. It's a bit awkward, because Suguru is asleep and he has to pry his mouth open to get the thermometer in. His nose twitches when the thermometer goes in his mouth, and he bites down hard. The thermometer beeps. Too hot. Satoru grimaces and reaches down to stroke his hair softly. “Suguru. Suguru, you gotta wake up.” It takes a bit of patience, but eventually Suguru hums in his sleep, eyes slowly drifting open. “How are you feeling?”

Suguru makes a face. “I feel like shit. You?”

“Also shit,” Satoru says. “Aren't you uncomfortable.”

Suguru gives him a look. “I have a fever, I’m covered in blood and dirt, and I’m sweaty. Yes, I’m uncomfortable, Satoru.”

“Yeah, I can see that, grumpy, you look like crap.” Suguru sticks his tongue out at him, and Satoru pokes it, making Suguru go blech and frown at him. Satoru grins. “Which is why I wanna get you in the shower. Get some cool water going, wash everything off, go back to bed.”

Suguru looks a bit pale out at that. “I don’t know if I could manage that right now. I don’t know if I could stand up on my own right now, nevermind take a shower.”

Satoru shakes his head. “I’ll help you. Don’t worry about that. We need to get your fever down, and the cool water might help.” He never would have been as bold as that normally, but this isn’t a normal situation. They need to get clean and get the fever down. Suguru’s half out of his mind and feverish, and Satoru’s not sure he ever settled back in his mind. But Satoru’s the most functional, so he’s the one who needs to help. Suguru stares at him with a hazy look in his eyes, and nods.

It’s a struggle to get Suguru with him into the bathroom. His leg is healed, but his limbs are still weak and shaky, and Satoru isn’t much better. It takes patience and persistence, but they manage to get into the bathroom. Satoru puts Suguru into the bathtub to save energy, and starts taking off his clothes. Suguru, ever stubborn, gripes about it and tries to take over, but his weak fingers can’t do it. The fever's taking too much out of him. So Satoru helps with most of it. He doesn't mind in the slightest. There’s not much to take off, anyway.

Satoru strips off his clothes next, which nearly makes him fall a couple of times, but he manages it without hitting his head on something. He’s so tired, and he can tell that Suguru is too. His head is dipping when Satoru climbs into the tub. His eyes idly run over his back. He’s seen Suguru naked before, they were friends long enough that that was practically a given, but it feels different like this. A lot different. They're both grown men now, and their bodies show it. It’s reminding him, even in the disconnected haze of everything, that his feelings haven’t faded in the slightest and a lot of time has passed. Given their history, it probably says something about him that Suguru still holds his heart even after everything.

He turns the water on, making sure it’s nice and cool, and Suguru jumps awake, but then sighs in relief at the coolness of it on his skin. Suguru is slumped forward with his arms around his knees, so Satoru sits behind him to that he can shampoo his hair. He's always liked Suguru's hair. Sometimes, when they were younger, he'd let Satoru fiddle with his hair to keep his hands occupied. It's thick, but also smooth and nice to touch. Now, it's tangled and matted with blood and sweat. When he starts to rub the shampoo in gently, Suguru hums contentedly and relaxes under his hands. They settle into a rhythm like that. Satoru works the shampoo through Suguru’s long hair, slightly surprised at the amount of shampoo it takes, and Suguru lets him, tilting his head when need be. The man has a lot of hair. The suds turn red where the blood gets shampooed out.

He rinses it out, and he’s sure that Suguru is asleep by now. His chest is rising and falling regularly, and it baffles him slightly that they’re allowed to have such an intimate moment like this after everything that’s happened. He never thought that he’d be able to do this. But here he is, washing Suguru’s hair for him while he’s sick.

While the conditioner is sitting in Suguru’s hair, he washes the blood off of his body. That wakes Suguru up, so he gets some of the body wash and helps Satoru, but he can only manage some of it with his shaky limbs. Even then, his eyes are half closed. “You don’t have to do this,” Suguru murmurs, and Satoru can hear the sullen look in his voice. Always wants to suffer through things alone. “It’s not ideal. You shouldn’t have to do this.”

“That’s not the point. I want to,” Satoru says, and keeps washing him up. "And you can barely walk. Let me do this for you." Suguru stares at him over his shoulder, but there's a softer look in his eye, and he lets him continue. After he’s done, he washes himself up and curls up at the end of the tub. It’s a bit cramped for his long limbs, but it’s cozy with the cool water. Suguru is close to him, back pushed up against his knee. They sit under the water for a bit, until Suguru starts slumping against the side of the shower. Satoru really doesn’t want to let him fall asleep in the shower, it’ll be a lot harder to wake him up and get him in bed, so he helps him wash out the conditioner and they start getting out of the shower.

 

Suguru falls back into bed as soon as they make it back, hair still wet but clean. Satoru himself feels far cleaner, and more inside his body. His brain feels a lot less fried than it did yesterday. Light is easier to deal with, and sound as well, so he switches to an eye mask instead of the blindfold. It feels right having Suguru here, even if it’s not permanent. Satoru manages to get another cold compress on Suguru before he’s falling into bed right beside Suguru.

His fingers brush against Suguru’s arm, and they come together again, arms and legs loosely tangled together. Not too close, because he doesn’t want to overheat Suguru, who’s cooler now, but enough so they’re close. So Satoru can feel Suguru breathing, and feel the strong thrum of his cursed energy. Alive. And he’s going to get better. He has to believe that. There’s no way he’s going to lose Suguru again. There’s only so many times that can happen in one lifetime. Surely enough is enough.

He drifts off listening to Suguru’s breathing.

 

Suguru is drowning. Or maybe he isn’t. He can’t see anything, so it’s hard to tell, but he can’t speak and he can’t breathe. That, or he just doesn’t have lungs or a mouth anymore. It’s not unlikely, he didn’t have those for a good stretch of time.

“Did you really think that it would be that easy?” a sickly sweet voice murmurs close to him, curling around him and squeezing like a chain.

The proximity gives him a nasty feeling, like touching something dead. He wants to get away, but he can’t move. He can’t do anything but take it. It’s giving him a cold feeling of deja-vu.

“Did you really think it would be so easy to go back to him? Just hop into bed and go to sleep and everything’s fine, hm?” The bastard laughs, and it hits like a knife going across a chalkboard. “You’re mine, Suguru Getou. My precious little puppet. It’s not as if I’m even taking anything, is it? You threw him away and everything else just fine on your own, didn’t you?”

Hatred flares up in his chest like gasoline on a bonfire. He wants to get his hands on the bastard, burn him, kill him, do anything to him that’s not just sitting here and being angry. There’s been too much of that already and he’s done rolling over. He wants to fight.

The other just laughs again, like Suguru's anger is the most amusing thing in the world. “Such fight, such fire! And for what? What do you have to fight for? You have no friends. You have no family, you made sure of that. No allies. No prospects. You don’t even have a body of your own. You weren’t even there when your precious girls were slaughtered. Because of you, I could say. So tell me, Suguru Getou, why do you fight? You have no reason to stay. You’re already dead. And it's so easy to just give in, hm?”

Suguru tries to lash out at him out of pure rage, but it does nothing at all. It’s like trying to fight a storm. But he does have a body, it’s his. And there’s Satoru. Satoru, who let him stay in his apartment even after everything he’s done. For fuck's sake, he even helped him wash up and get into clean clothes when both of them could barely move on their own. The memory of that make something twist in his heart. Kindness like that is unfamiliar to him. He doesn’t understand it, but he’d be stupid not to hold onto that. He has nothing left to hold onto.

“You will never know the taste of peace,” he hisses, the rage that Suguru's felt from him suddenly making it into his voice. Again, it makes Suguru feel sick and disoriented. “I don’t care how strong you think you are, or how long you think you can fight, or how about that bitch of a doctor who helped you for whatever reason. You can’t keep me tamped down.”

The bastard is trying to crush him down, like he’s being squeezed into a tiny space, and the claustrophobia makes him want to tear and scream, but he holds on and tries to push back. He doesn’t want to give him the satisfaction of his panic. He was in pain and delirious and exhausted and he didn’t give in. It would have been easier to give up, but he didn't. The other can't do this to him, not now. The thought of going back there, to being chained and suffocated and helpless, threatens to make that all too familiar terror consume him. He just got out, he can’t go back. Not so quickly. No. No. All he has to do is stay calm and do what he did before.

But what if he's already back there? What if it's already too late. This is all very familiar, isn't it?

The slight hum of fear suddenly drums up to a dull roar and he suddenly starts tearing like a madman. To where, he doesn’t know, but he has to get out. Back to air, back to light, to freedom. The imposter laughs, like his terror delights him. “I will consume you whole like those curses you eat, Suguru Getou. I was being nice before, when your little tantrum was amusing. You’re fucking mine. Why do you think that you of all people deserve to come back from the dead, after everything you’ve done? That’s not how life works. And when I do come back, I'll kill Satoru while he's weak and make you watch.” The imposter cackles, like that's the funniest thing he's ever thought of.

He doesn’t care in the slightest if he deserves it, he’ll hold onto it. Suguru flails like a drowning man, hellbent on getting out and hurting the imposter. He can’t have already lost it, after everything he went to to get it back. That’s not fair. How could he have let it go so easily? Now Satoru is going to die, and it's all his fault, just like before, when he just barely stopped it. It's going to happen all over again. The picture of it is clear in his head-- Satoru on the ground, Suguru above him, his hands ready to bring the rock down and kill him.

Pain shoots through his head like something’s trying to crawl out from the inside. It’s a familiar pain, but that doesn’t make it any better. If anything, it's worse because it comes with heaps of horrible memories. Then it flares, and it feels like a hot needle being stabbed through his forehead. That’s the thing that jolts him back away. His eyes fly open and his chest is heaving. No matter how many breaths he takes, he can’t breathe. Panic still courses through his veins like electricity. Shit. Shoko was supposed to help him, that hellish procedure was supposed to help.

 

“Suguru? Suguru?” Satoru is shaking him, looking like he’s trying not to panic. “Suguru, can you hear me?”

“It hurts,” he grits out, and balls his fists in the sheets. “That monster, he almost--”

“No,” Satoru says, cutting him off sharply. “You’re fine. I’d know. It was just a nightmare, and maybe a panic attack. You kicked me in your sleep, not important but screw you, and you looked like something was chasing you. Just breathe. You’re safe. You're gonna be okay. I wouldn’t let anything happen to you.”

“But--” he says breathlessly. He lets his voice trail off and does a check of his body. Intact. He can move all his limbs, he can speak, he can see, he can hear. His whole body still aches and he feels like shit, but everything is intact. And the other is railing at him from the back of his mind, screaming and making his vision blur. Suguru squeezes his eyes shut and focuses on digging his heels into the sand, trying to let the pain pass over him.

“Shoko said that the thing she did would make it not so easy for the imposter to pull you under again, I wasn’t listening to the details, but you know Shoko. She knows what she’s doing! She wouldn’t put you through that much pain for nothing, right?” Suguru nods, trying to focus on the sound of his voice. “You said it was like a cliff, right?”

“I never said that,” Suguru says, taking another deep breath in.

“Okay well maybe I just thought that, not important,” Satoru says. Suguru feels the weight of him settling down on the bed next to him. “But you clawed your way over the edge of that cliff, hm? Lot easier to stay on a cliff than climb back up, even if someone’s pulling at your leg.”

“What a lovely metaphor,” he says drily.

“Thank you,” Satoru says, ignoring the sarcasm on purpose. Suguru heaves a sigh and leans back on the headboard, opening his eyes to stare up at the ceiling. The pain in his head has subsided to a manageable point. Suguru wonders if the nightmare brought it on. The imposter had been quiet since the procedure, almost like he was just as tired as Suguru. It’d make sense. Satoru leans back with him and nudges him. “What’re you thinking?”

“You should have fought back.” His voice sounds cold and dead to him, and he feels that way too. Bits of the nightmare keep popping back into his head, little by little as he scrabbles for them. It likely wasn’t a full nightmare though. He really felt like the other one was there, right in front of him. What did he do to deserve Satoru being this kind to him? Nothing. The imposter is right. He tossed him away years ago. “Really fought back. Killed me, if need be. You should have saved yourself.”

Satoru stares at him in stunned confusion, then he must connect the dots because all at once his face goes serious, and he shifts to face Suguru directly. “How can you say that? You were trying so hard to take control. I could feel it in the air. How could I have?”

“Even if….” He huffs and starts over. “Still. Who cares how hard I was trying. Satoru, you almost let the monster kill you. You could have fucking died, and I’d have been the one that failed to stop it because I was too weak.”

“But I didn’t die, did I? And you weren’t too weak.” Suguru glares at him, which Satoru pretends not to notice. He let Suguru share his bed. How could he? It tears at his heart in a way he doesn’t understand. “I refuse to regret it. I don’t care what you say, I don’t regret it.”

“I don’t care. You shouldn’t have done it,” Suguru mutters. He can’t stop picturing that moment. It’s been bothering him ever since. His mind is still trying to cycle through the details of the nightmare, but that last threat at the end keeps playing in his mind on loop.

Satoru looks like he wants to say something else stubborn, but he sighs. “Look, I know what it’s like to watch someone you care about die. That’s why I couldn’t fight back. I had a chance, and I needed to take it for all it was worth. Otherwise I never would have been able to forgive myself. Yeah, it was reckless, yeah, I wasn’t thinking straight, but you’re here.” He grips Suguru’s arm firmly. “You’re alive. You’re getting better. So it was all worth it.”

Suguru gives him a measured look, then murmurs, “I guess so.” Satoru opens his mouth to say more, but Suguru cuts him off with a wave of his hand. “I know I can’t change your mind, you’re too stubborn. But just… don’t take those risks for me, okay? I don’t want you dying just to save my skin of all things.”

Satoru snorts and pokes him on the nose, then leans back on the headboard again. “You say that as if it’s not worth it.” Suguru stares at him incredulously, but he’s glad that Satoru’s not looking at him. He can’t see the way that Suguru’s ears heat up. They lapse back into comfortable silence again, and Suguru can start to feel his eyelids drooping again.

Then his mind manages to shake loose another detail of the nightmare, and it hits him like a baseball bat to the stomach. The same disoriented, breathless feeling even comes. He has to grab Satoru’s arm.

Satoru jumps. “Do your stitches hurt again?”

“No. No it’s… Sorry. It’s just… the nightmare. I’m running through the details, and….” His voice trails off, suddenly at a loss for words. Slaughtered. He wants to tear himself apart for that not being the first fucking thing he latches onto.

Satoru notices the shift in his mood and sits up. He tugs his arm out of Suguru’s grip and then grabs Suguru’s hand. “Suguru, what’s wrong? What happened?”

“The twins are dead.”

Satoru tugs his eye mask down and stares at him with a look Suguru can’t read. “Suguru… it was a nightmare, I’m sure that--”

“No,” he cuts him off. Suguru presses his eyes shut and holds onto Satoru’s hand to keep himself grounded. “He told me, in the nightmare. Slaughtered, he said.” He laughs mirthlessly, but he doesn’t know why. “What’s wrong with me? I didn’t even register it in the moment. I remembered it just now. Maybe because he said it like it was nothing, just something else to throw at me. I mean… I had an idea, but I didn’t think it was true. I had an inkling of it, but I refused to believe it without evidence. They’re dead. My girls are dead.”

“Fucking hell,” Satoru murmurs, staring at him with wide eyes. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t know them, but they must’ve meant a lot to you, huh? Fuck. What happened?”

Suguru stares straight ahead and reaches into the imposter’s memory. The imposter gives it freely, he doesn’t even have to struggle. Of course he does. Suguru feels sick to his stomach, a strong part of him wants to go to sleep and escape from it all. “Sukuna killed them. In Shibuya. He just told me.”

“Motherfucker.” Satoru grabs his hand tighter. Suguru can tell that he’s trying to think of the right thing to say. He doesn’t have to, Suguru knows he’s never been good with moments like these. He can tell that he feels bad. “I swear, I didn’t know. That must’ve happened after I was sealed. Fuck. Suguru….”

“It’s fine. I just… I just want to sleep,” Suguru says. He doesn’t want to think about it. Right now, he doesn’t feel anything, it’s all just ringing in his skull like a church bell. He wants it to stay that way. Suguru moves down on the bed and lies down, pulling the covers over him.

“Suguru, please.” Suguru freezes at the slight note of panic in his voice. “I know… this can’t be easy for you. But please. You can’t push me away like last time. I don’t… I don’t want time to just repeat itself.”

“It’s not,” Suguru says softly. Maybe a part of him already knew. If it didn’t, he wouldn’t have just been so willing to settle down. He would have wanted to go looking for them. “I just…. I don’t want to think about it. I’m tired. I can’t take it right now. It’s too much. I don’t want to talk about it.”

Satoru stays silent for a long pause, and Suguru can practically feel his nervous energy in the air. But in the end, his hand comes down to rest on his shoulder. “Okay. I understand. Just… I’m gonna be right here.”

“Thanks.” With that, Suguru gladly lets sleep drag him under again, and tries not to think. Satoru keeps sitting in silence next to him, which helps. The constant presence is reassuring, given the nightmare, as he falls asleep.

 

Time goes into a blur from there. Their sleep schedules are completely overturned, so it messes with their perception of time. Satoru wakes up on occasion, and it takes him a few moments to remember he’s not still sealed away and that Suguru isn’t dead. Just sick. His fever seems to be going down though, and he eats some of the food that Satoru gives him. Even if it makes him wrinkle his nose, Satoru reminds him that he has to keep his strength up, and he agrees to eat it.

It feels like limbo. Suguru hasn’t talked about the twins yet, or the thousand other things there is to talk about, and Satoru doesn’t blame him. He’s still sick, and he’s got his hands full just keeping up his meager health. Both of them do. Neither of them have the space left to go through the shitload of disasters there are to sift through.

Shoko comes to check up on them sometimes, tells him that the kids are excited to see him, and keep asking if they can come see him in his apartment. Satoru is glad Shoko tells them no. As much as he wants to see his students, he doesn’t want them to see him like this. And he wants to take advantage of spending time with Suguru. Just the two of them. It feels safe. And neither of them are ready yet. Satoru doesn’t want to be around all those people just yet, and Suguru needs the time.

As Shoko predicted, Suguru is stubborn and strong, and on the way to getting better if he keeps resting.

So most of the time, they’re asleep, but between naps they have quiet, mostly silent moments wherein Satoru tries to get Suguru to eat, and Suguru tries his best to eat, even though his appetite hasn’t quite started to bounce back. Satoru wants to say something to him, anything. Isn’t that what he should be doing? But Suguru doesn’t seem to want to talk.

Then again, Satoru doesn’t mind the silence. He’s used to it. Sometimes, they’ll talk about things, everyday domestic stuff which is a bit alien but not unwelcome for Satoru, or playful teasing. Mostly on Satoru’s part. Suguru doesn’t seem to have the heart for it. Other times, they’ll put on a movie to break the silence some or so that Satoru can show Suguru how far special effects have come since he died.

But one day, when they’re sitting up against the headboard at some ungodly hour of the morning, eating pudding cups, Suguru finally says something. “I know it’s not gonna happen, but… I wish that bastard had a separate body. Just so that I could kill him. Hopefully, repeatedly.” The cold, hollow look in Suguru’s eyes tells him that he means it wholeheartedly, but it doesn’t unsettle him.

Satoru nods. “You should make it hurt,” he replies bitterly. Suguru hums in agreement, and they lapse into silence again.
Notes:

    I rewrote this chapter a ton, but I'm happy with how it came out! Heavy stuff at the end, I feel kinda bad for him honestly, poor thing. At least they're together! Nightmares are nasty, especially if you're sharing your head with someone else.

Chapter 5: Return
Summary:

    Getou and Gojo recover enough to make their way back to Jujutsu High and have an encounter.

Notes:

    It's kinda crazy that I'm already five chapters in! Thanks to all y'all, I have fun writing this :)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

One day, Suguru decides that he’s doing better, so they decide that they’ll go into the school to get examined in more depth by Shoko that afternoon. Satoru is uneasy about Suguru getting up and about so soon, so he drags they down to the konbini down the road for breakfast that morning, to test whether or not he really is up to the task.

Besides, it’s a nice day and they’ve spent days indoors. Might as well take a walk. So they throw on public-appropriate clothing and walk down the street, Suguru quietly taking in the sights and Satoru watching him.

“Is it really that easy?” Suguru asks out of nowhere.

Satoru blinks. He hadn’t been paying attention. “Huh? What is?”

“We just-” Suguru waves his hand to the both of them. “Wake up and walk down the street for breakfast, like nothing’s ever happened. It can’t just be that easy, it’s just… wrong.”

“I mean, Suguru. What do you want?” Satoru asks him, slightly confused. How hard is breakfast supposed to be? And it could be easier, his fridge could be full of food and not toxic waste. “You wanna have to slaughter a village for an egg sandwich?”

“That’s not funny.”

“I know.” Suguru gives the sidewalk a cross look, as if that were the thing that’s upsetting him. “Lemme ask you this. Is it that easy for you to just drop those plans of killing all non-shamans?”

Suguru turns to glare at him in earnest, but Satoru just waits for an answer. He hadn’t honestly been thinking about this all that much, but now that he’s said it, he is actually wondering about the answer to it. It just hadn’t even occurred to him as important between everything that’s happened.

“No,” Suguru snaps. “It’s not. How the hell can I? Nothing is the same. I don’t even fully own my body, it’s like this fucking hornet in my head, constantly. My family is dead. The twins are dead. The only reason that I’m not on the street right now is because you took me in.” Suguru snorts disdainfully. “Who knows. Maybe that plan was never going to work out.”

“Well duh. It was always a stupid plan.”

Suguru predictably, gives him a withering look. “Excuse me?”

Satoru waves him off, just walking ahead, partly trying to piss him off more, partly off of instinct. “Think about it. Killing off all non-shamans would take a lot of time and resources, and for what? There’s no such thing as a society purely made up of shamans, for practical purposes. Even if there was, who’d wanna live there? Sure. There’d be less curses, but a lot of non-shaman shit we use would be gone. Like bakeries, ice cream, etc.”

“Of course you’re focusing on the sweets,” Suguru mutters to himself. “Still. No humans, no more curses, bakeries or not.”

Satoru rolls his eyes, even though Suguru can’t see him do it because of the blindfold. “Yeah. And if we all wore hazmat suits 24/7, no one would ever get sick. See my point?”

Suguru stares at him, and Satoru is trying to decide whether he’s irritated or slightly amused. Maybe a bit of both, with some confusion mixed in. “It’s weird to hear you talking so casually about genocide.”

Satoru shrugs and smirks at him. “Would you have listened to me if I hadn’t?”

Suguru shakes his head and looks away, but he’s smiling slightly. “Fair enough.” As soon as he does look away, the smile drops off his face so quickly that it worries Satoru. That’s been happening lately. He’ll smile, but the smiles fade so quickly. Satoru can’t help but be concerned about him, but it’s not exactly surprising.

“Anyway, it really wasn’t that easy, was it?” Satoru continues breezily, and he feels Suguru look back to him again. Satoru meets his eyes. “You almost fucking died, Suguru.”

Shoko’s words have stuck with him. If he hadn’t gotten Suguru to stay, then he would have died by sunrise. Even though he’d given everything he had just to be in control. “Again,” he continues. “Hell, I almost died. And there was that fever. I don’t know how much you remember of that first day, but I won’t ever forget the way that you screamed. And the twins. And your family. You’ve lost more people than most people do in their entire lives.”

Suguru bristles at that, and shakes his head. “You say that as if I wasn’t the one responsible for my family’s deaths. Who cares if I’ve lost things? It’s my fault. The twins too.”

“Do you regret it?”

Suguru gives him a strange look. “What kind of question is that? I wasn’t in my right mind. I’m not sure I am now, but who the hell wants to be alone in the world?”

“My point exactly.” Suguru isn’t alone in the world, but Satoru decides to leave that bit alone. He has lost a lot of people, it’s not exactly unusual for him to feel alone in the world. “And you weren’t responsible for the twins’ murders. Don’t you dare blame yourself. They wouldn’t want that.”

Suguru kicks a pebble down the street and watches it hit a pole. “You say that like it’s easy.”

“Oh, I know it’s not. That’s my whole point. None of this is ‘as easy as that’. Nothing about this situation is easy. Suguru, you could barely make it to the kitchen yesterday. But we’re still here, aren’t we?” Satoru shoves his hands in his pockets. “So I’m gonna have ice cream for breakfast.”

“Hm.” Suguru gives him a searching look, but he seems satisfied with this answer. Good. Satoru had figured the best way to get through to him about this shit would be to be as blunt as possible. Getting all holier-than-thou would have gotten them nowhere. This conversation isn't near finished, but it's a good start. “Fair enough.”

 

“This is so weird,” Suguru mutters as they walk up the steps to the school. His skin feels itchy from the inside out, and he’s not sure if it’s just his nerves or the barrier protesting his presence. Probably just nerves.

“Oh completely,” Satoru mutters back. “Weird feeling for sure.”

At least he agrees. Suguru tries to think of the last time he casually strolled into Jujutsu High and comes up blank.

He can’t remember the last time they’ve done this. That must mean it’s been a long while, and a long string of events since then. A lot has changed since the last time they’ve done this walk-- for one thing, Satoru has filled out since then. He’s taller and more sturdy, but the same lean, strong body. There are plenty more things besides that that have changed of course but that’s the one change that makes him the least on edge.

Every corner they turn, Suguru is ready to bring out a nasty cursed spirit to fend off an attack. His nerves must be noticeable, because Satoru bumps his shoulder halfway down to Shoko’s office. “You don’t need to look over your shoulder like that. No one knows you’re here, and even if they do spot us, I meant what I said in the warehouse. I’d protect you.”

“You need to rest,” Suguru reminds him. “We protect each other.”

Satoru smiles and turns back to the front. “We’re gonna have to introduce you eventually, but for now, we don’t really need to worry about running into anyone around this time. Not like there’s all that many people milling out regularly anyway. It’s early, people won’t be around here yet.”

“Hm.” Suguru puts his hands into his pockets and relaxes. His hand lands on something cold. He frowns and pulls it out. Sunglasses. They’re different from the style he remembers Satoru wearing.

“I was wondering where I’d left those!” Satoru picks them up from his outstretched hand and stows them away in a pocket. “Thanks.”

“No problem.”

Shoko gives them an annoyed look when they walk into her office. “I hope you’re late because you two got plenty of rest and not because you got lazy.”

“I told you we’d be in later in the day,” Satoru says casually, and takes a seat. Suguru decides not to mention that they spent most of the morning eating ice cream and slowly getting ready to go to the school. “We slept a lot.”

“Good. Both of you look a bit better than you did yesterday, so that’s improved at least.” Shoko gets up from her desk and taps the examination table. “Who’s going first?”

Satoru nods at Suguru. “He is. First priority, gotta make sure he’s secure.”

“All right then, hop up.” Shoko taps the table and starts to get out a few tools.

Suguru gets up on the table, adjusting a bit until it’s comfortable, then looks around the office. It’s spacious, and well kept. “This is a nice place. Looks like you’ve done well for yourself.”

“Business is good, and always busy. I’m the best, after all,” she says, and starts to run some sort of test on Suguru. “Glad to see you upright and dressed properly.”

“Satoru lent me them,” he tells her. That whole outfit he had surfaced in was a lost cause, which is a shame because he liked it. He can always get a new one, he supposes. Or not, he likes wearing Satoru’s clothes. It makes him feel more anchored and less alone. “How have things been with the school?”

Shoko whistles. “Be more specific. Lots happened since you bit the dust. Impressive comeback by the way.” She switches methods, and starts squinting at his eyes equipped with a tool he doesn’t recognize. “How the hell did you pull that off? You never really went into specifics. You just, what, resurrected yourself through brute force?”

Suguru shrugs, and tries not to twitch as she prods him with one of the tools. “I dunno what to tell you. I mean, it wasn’t my choice to not be dead but I wasn’t exactly gonna roll over about it. My memory’s a bit blurry about that, but…. Yeah. I dunno.”

“It was fucking impressive,” Satoru chimes in from the chair. “You should’ve seen it. You could feel how hard he was fighting that bastard using him as a puppet, and he almost lost too. But he didn’t, and thank fuck for that. Fucking amazing.”

Part of him preens to hear Satoru impressed by something he did, but he’s not about to let himself get his hopes up. Everything feels so precarious. This whole thing seems like it’ll crumble to ash if he breathes too hard and he really will be left with nothing. All at once, he remembers the twins’ loss and his chest feels like it’s made of lead. “Well. We’ll see,” he replies.

Shoko continues to examine, and she examines him thoroughly while they all chat about random things. Not real things, not really. Suguru knows that Shoko isn’t telling Satoru everything that’s happened while he was sealed, and he doesn’t blame her. He wouldn’t want to be the one to tell him either. It’s not his place, after all. He wonders how his students will handle that.

But eventually, after a thorough examination and a bunch of tests, she steps away from him. “You are loud, first off all. And crowded.”

“Definitely,” Satoru agrees from the chairs. “It’s a lot to look at.”

“You’re not too bad yourself,” he says reflexively, smirking, and Satoru sits bolt upright in his chair before throwing a tongue depressor at him. He swats it away.

 

Shoko ignores both of them reflexively. “Here’s what I think. It’s a different boat, but going off of Itadori and Sukuna, you should be able to maintain control over your body if you’re careful about it. Your body is used to holding curses, so that should help. But you’re really going to have to be careful, and there’s a huge chance you’ll get kickback.”

“But he’s gonna be able to stay in control, right?” Satoru asks, sounding more than a little tense.

“Hopefully, I don’t want to make any promises because I’m not an expert,” Shoko says, putting her hands up. “Suguru’s the expert, if anything. My advice would be to keep going whatever it was that put you in charge in the first place. Otherwise, it’s nothing that rest and time can’t fix. It’s a matter of managing it. Probably takes practice.”

Suguru frowns and thinks. It wasn’t that easy. There was no one trick to just getting control, it was hard and it took him putting every ounce of strength and desire and fear and anger into tearing through to the top. It helps if he reminds himself that this is his body, and it belongs to him. It’s his right to inhabit it, and it’s his right to walk around.

That doesn’t stop the writhing and pressure in his head, but it’s kept him present thus far. So, it’s just a matter of keeping that up? Just keep pushing and pushing and clawing desperately? He hates it, but there’s some comfort in it. If it were too easy, then he wouldn’t trust it. This, he can trust. “Yeah. Seems good to me. I’ll come for check-ups if I feel off.”

“Good. Now switch.”

Shoko doesn’t spend as much time on Satoru as she does on Suguru, probably because there’s not much of anything to look at. Suguru’s guess would be that the majority of damage done isn’t physical. But she gives him a careful examination all the same, and to his credit, Satoru doesn’t put up as much of a fuss as he could.

“Your cursed energy is erratic and off, it’s probably still messed up from the adjustment,” Shoko says. “You’re probably gonna have some trouble with regulation and energy levels, so I would suggest taking it easy. Your biggest problem is probably gonna be sensory sensitivity, if yesterday is any indication. It’s psychological damage that’s your biggest issue, not physical damage. Your fighting might be impacted. Just take it easy, man, listen to your body.”

“I’ll try,” Satoru says, making an effort to sound genuine. Both Shoko and Suguru know it’s an empty promise, he’s terrible at listening, nevermind to his own body.

“Keep an eye on him, will you, Suguru?” Shoko says, turning to him.

Suguru nods, ignoring Satoru’s indignant squawk. “I will.”

“Good. Now, I’d love to have you two stick around and chat, but I have a shit ton of work to do, so scatter,” Shoko says, sliding back to her desk. “There’s a whole bunch of kids eager to see you, and as much as I’d love to see the looks on their faces when they see both you and Suguru, I can’t, so you’ll have to tell me about it later.”

“Promise!” Satoru says as they both stroll out of the room. “Well, that wasn’t so bad. We’re both gonna be okay.”

“Hopefully,” Suguru replies. “Trouble with regulation might be an inconvenience for someone else, but for you, it might lead to some problems.”

“True.” Satoru bumps him. “Speaking of which. We should probably say hello, but I need a nap. Wanna go crash in the teacher’s lounge before we go find them?”

It’s not going to be pretty when Satoru’s students meet him, Suguru is almost sure of that. It wouldn’t hurt to be well rested before he has to brace himself for that. Besides, napping in the teacher’s lounge with a teacher is something he’d cross off his bucket list if he had thought to put it on there. “Yeah, sure.”

So, they head straight into the teacher’s lounge and close the doors behind them. Satoru breathes a sigh of relief and flops down on a couch, patting the spot next to him. Suguru sits next to him, and nearly jumps out of his skin when Satoru lays his head down on his lap and stretches out on the couch. When he sees the look on Suguru’s face he says, “What? You’re comfortable.”

He snorts and shifts Satoru’s head into a comfortable position on his thighs. “I didn’t say anything.”

“By the way,” Satoru says, tugging his blindfold into place. “About my students. I tend to protect you and stand by you. However, I draw the line at my students. Do not hurt them. None of them.”

“Oh darn,” Suguru says drily. “There goes my plan to beat up the first group of teenagers I come across.”

“Suguru, I’m serious.”

“I know.” Suguru sighs. Sukuna’s vessel is one of Satoru’s students. Whenever he thinks of Sukuna, he gets angry, very angry. But Sukuna’s vessel is one of Satoru’s students. He can’t take any sort of revenge without potentially losing Satoru yet again, and he can’t do that. If he loses Satoru, he really will have lost everything. He can’t take that. So his hands are tied. He hopes the twins’ souls aren’t caused unrest by it. “I promise. I won’t.”

“Hm. Good.”

From there, Satoru is quiet, and he assumes that means he’s fallen asleep. Suguru is very tempted to sleep too, if only to get a break from the constant noise in his head. It’s not even words, just bad.

Eventually, he does tip his head backwards and slip into a sort of half-sleep, listening to the wind and birds outside while dreaming some absurd thing. Time melts away pleasantly. He’s in the sort of sleep where he hears the door to the teacher’s lounge open but doesn’t give it the right context.

He hears the gasp when whoever it is spots them napping together on the couch and frowns in his sleep. He’s used to this, he thinks, mostly dreaming and reminiscing. Satoru and Suguru were never dating but that didn’t stop people from giving the same sort of trouble they would be if they were. It makes sense, he supposes. They always had a more intimate sort of friendship.

Hence the napping with Satoru’s head in his lap. They’ve even kissed before, but they either never talked about it or laughed it off as something between good friends. In retrospect, it’s ridiculous, but Suguru didn’t mind that in the slightest. He never really had hope of his feelings being returned after they progressed beyond a crush, and he grew used to that idea. It became normal, like eating curses.

He wonders how things would have been if there hadn’t been that outside pressure, if it would be something that even entered Satoru’s mind. Neither of them particularly cared what others thought of them and their friendship, but that didn’t mean they were exempt from people’s nasty attitudes, and in Satoru’s case, the pressures of the Gojo family. Or maybe it was just never meant to be.

So when a snarl tears him awake, his mind is still too sluggish from sleep to do anything before claws rip at his face.

Except they don’t. The huge wolf-curse was definitely aiming to cut him to ribbons, but it stopped just short of him. He looks in shock to see if Satoru is awake, but he’s still dead asleep on his lap. Suguru shakes it off and summons a big, nasty looking snake-like curse to curl behind him and poise to strike.

“Get back,” he says sharply, and readies the curse to strike. He can spot the wolf-curse’s master by the door now-- a lean dark haired boy that’s the spitting image of Toji Fushiguro. The man’s like a cockroach. “Get back or I’ll kill you.”

“What the hell?” the boy growls. “That should have killed you.”

The wolf-curse strikes again, but again fails to hit him. Suguru’s snake curse strikes at the wolf in warning, making the other curse jump back to its master. The boy swears and looks down to Satoru on his lap. At the sight, his face twists with rage. “What have you done to him? How are you using his technique?”’

“I’m not. Put the shikigami away if you want to keep it,” Suguru says evenly. He leans over Satoru slightly, to protect him. Infinity seems to be working, but there’s the regulation trouble. If it fluctuates, Satoru might get hurt. So Suguru will have to protect him. “You’re going to wake him up.”

 

How the hell did that strike not connect? He’s tempted to have the dog attack again, but it’ll probably not do anything. Again. It must be Infinity. It can’t not be, but why the hell would Gojo protect him? He’s fucking asleep, and even if he wasn’t there was no way he’d shield him against Megumi. He grits his teeth. How the hell can he get Getou off of him?

Of fucking course this is how he finds Gojo again, in the clutches of that bastard. Imagine his surprise when he strolls into the teachers lounge to swipe something he can’t remember the name of now, only to find Gojo sleeping in the lap of Suguru Getou. And with Getou’s hands in his hair, no less.

“You did something to him! You’re controlling him with a curse!” Megumi shouts mostly out of rage while he figures out what to do next, pointing an accusing finger at Getou. Gojo is right there. So close yet so far. “There’s no way that he’d do that otherwise. What did you do to him?!” Protecting him while he wasn’t even conscious. Impossible.

Getou just raises an eyebrow at him, the cursed spirit poised to attack Megumi behind him. “This isn’t Harry Potter, kid. You can’t just brain worm people. Well, I can't."

“Then what the hell did you do to him?” Megumi grits out. “You must’ve messed with his head or something. Brainwashed him. Give him back. Now. Before I kill you.”

Getou tilts his head at him and smiles a dagger smile at him. “And tell me, shikigami user, how could I, a curse manipulator, brainwash Satoru? Even if I did, I doubt you could kill me.”

“Don’t call him that,” Megumi snaps. “What did you do to him?”

“Nothing,” Getou says, as if there’s no threat at all, as if Megumi isn’t a threat. That makes his blood boil. “But if you’re not gonna let it go…. Tell you what. Why don’t we ask him?” Megumi frowns, but Getou is already reaching down to touch Gojo. “He wanted to introduce us anyway, I doubt he meant it to go like this though.”

Megumi starts to snap at him that Getou won’t be able to touch him because of Infinity, but then Getou’s fingers are winding in Gojo’s hair. His heart plummets to his stomach with fear and disgust. This monster, touching Gojo like it’s natural. Like…. Like a lover would.

That twists his stomach into knots. Him? No. Gojo’s never even been on a date that Megumi has heard of and now this Getou gets to touch him so casually, like no one else does? He’s never seen anyone handle Gojo as gently as Getou does, never seen anyone look at him like that. He feels the urge to shove the asshole off of his teacher, but the curse at Getou’s shoulder keeps him in check. It hisses when he tries to step closer.

“Satoru,” Getou murmurs, running his fingers through Gojo’s hair. “One of your students is here.”

 

Satoru is dead asleep. Suguru feels almost guilty for waking him up, but he doesn’t think that Satoru would appreciate him kicking one of his student’s asses. They seem to be very important to him.

It takes a bit of trying to stir him, which Suguru doesn’t mind at all. The Fushiguro brat watches the whole time, too horrified to attack him again. Worth it.

Finally, he does stir just enough to make an inhuman noise that sounds like, “Mmmheurrrrrghblargh.” Then he stretches and turns on his side to nuzzles his face into Suguru’s stomach, making Suguru’s pulse race. He never in a million years would have done if he knew the kid was in the room. He should really wake him up.

Suguru shrugs as if that noise makes complete sense to him. “Yes, well to be fair, he did try to kill me. And he’s staring a lot.”

That gets his attention. Satoru scrambles upright, propping himself up with an arm on Suguru’s shoulder. “Wait, what?”

 

Megumi stares at them, half in shock, half in a mix of anger and horror. Satoru sits bolt upright at the prospect of Megumi hurting Getou, and only settles when he sees Getou is indeed just fine. Then he silently takes in the room, looking from Getou, to Getou’s cursed spirit, to Megumi, to Megumi’s shikigami.

“I thought you said you weren’t gonna beat up the first teenager you saw,” Gojo finally says to Getou. Megumi’s temper flares. Beat him up? Does Gojo not think he could win against him?

“I did,” Getou says calmly. “He was the one who attacked me. I was sleeping.”

Gojo stares at him for a long pause, but seems to accept the answer. “Huh. How long have you two been fighting?” he asks not Megumi but Getou. “You both look okay.”

Getou shrugs. “Not a real fight, more of a stand off. The kid attacked me while I was sleeping. He wants to know if you’re being mind-controlled.”

Satoru stares at him, then glances at Megumi. “He attacked you while you were asleep? You look okay though.”

Getou smirks at him. “You protected me. Then of course, I protected you.”

“What? How?” Gojo asks, leaning closer to him. “I was asleep though.”

Getou shrugs. “You used Infinity on me in your sleep. Shoko did say that you’d have trouble with regulation. You should be careful with that, by the way. You could end up burning off energy faster, and Shoko said you should rest.”

“Huh. I guess so,” Gojo says, crossing his arms in thought.

Megumi watches this whole exchange, getting more and more annoyed by the second. Finally, he waves his arms to get their attention. Both men turn to him, Getou looking annoyed. “What the hell are you doing, Gojo? What did he do to you? Why are you here?"

“So many questions!” Gojo says. “What do you mean? He didn’t do anything to me, he just woke me up. We decided to take a nap after seeing Shoko. Didn’t she tell you?”

Megumi gives him a confused look. “We?”

“You told her not to tell them I came back, remember?” Getou mutters to Gojo. “You wanted to take care of it yourself.”

Gojo stares at him for a solid five seconds, then says, “Oh! Right. Right, yeah I remember that. Well, not the ideal introduction, but Megumi, this is Suguru Getou. Suguru, this is Megumi Fushiguro. You remember his father, don’t you?”

Getou groans. “I hated that guy. He sucked.”

Gojo makes a face. “He did suck. Good thing I killed him.”

“Has anyone ever told you you look just like your father, Fushiguro?” Getou asks him, finally addressing Megumi.

Megumi flips him off, and turns back to Gojo. “You still haven’t told me what the hell is going on. Itadori just said you were back, and Shoko said we couldn’t see you, but you’re here now. What the hell is going on? Explain yourself. Explain him.”

Getou sticks his tongue out at Megumi, much to his frustration, and Gojo doesn’t react, he just shrugs and says, “Well, it is complicated. Might as well explain it to everyone at once though, to make it simpler. And you don’t need to worry about Suguru. It’s the original Suguru. He’s himself again.”

Megumi blinks. “The original one?”

“In the flesh,” Getou says nonchalantly. “At long last.”

“Overdue!” Gojo adds. “Now, where are…. What is that?” Getou stands up beside Gojo and raises an eyebrow at the wall beyond Megumi. It’s only then that Megumi registers the tromping of footsteps behind him. “Ah. Just Ijichi. Get rid of it.”

Getou glances at him, then the horrifying-looking snake curse disappears from behind him. Megumi blinks, and does the same just as Ijichi runs into the teacher’s lounge, panting.
Notes:

    This chapter was honestly really fun to write because of Megumi's interactions with the other two, and more of that is to follow! That, and them sort of touching on all those people Getou has killed, Gojo doesn't seem like the kind of person to get squeamish about murder though.

    Also yes, they totally no-homo'd each other in high school. That got them some homophobic attention sometimes, to clarify.

Chapter 6: Memories
Summary:

    Two confrontations and finally, a reunification.

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Satoru was wondering when a staff member would come by to snatch him up, so it’s good he doesn’t have to wonder anymore. And good that it’s Ijichi, because he'll be easier to deal with.

 

 “There you- Oh jeez. Gimme a second.” Ijichi bends over and huffs, trying to catch his breath. Megumi wrinkles his nose and edges away from him. “Oh my god. I’ve been looking for you for hours. Thank God.” He pops back up and his eyes dart around the room, finally spotting Suguru by his side. The color drains from his face almost immediately, and whatever words he was get forgotten.

 

“Hello, Ijichi. What’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a dead man,” Suguru says, stepping closer to Satoru so he can bump against him, smirking.

 

“What- what is he doing here?” Ijichi says, eyes wide and darting between Suguru and Satoru franctically. It's more than a bit entertaining, and Satoru only feels a bit bad for him. “I wasn’t-! Oh no. Oh no.” He starts to edge back out of the room.

 

Suguru chuckles next to him. “He’s cool,” Satoru says, nodding towards Suguru. “It’s him again, not that imposter.”

 

“Are you... sure?” Ijichi asks cautiously. “They didn’t tell me about this.” Then he shakes himself. "Hold on, is that supposed to make me feel better?! How is that better? Why did you bring him here?!"

 

“Jeez, you're gonna give yourself high blood pressure,” Satoru says, crossing his arms. “They also don’t know how I got free, but here I am. Anyway, he's with me now.”

 

Ijichi takes this in, then clears his throat and straightens up. He still looks pale. "Right. Of course. Silly me. I guess that just makes everything better, doesn't it?"

 

Suguru sighs. "If I wanted to do any of you harm, I would have done it already."

 

"And he promised he wouldn't." Satoru grins confidently at Ijichi, who doesn't look at all comforted by this.

 

"Right. Well. The Higher-Ups want to see you. Tomorrow. There they’ll tell you everything that’s happened since you’ve been sealed, among other things, okay?” The significant glance at Megumi makes Satoru frown. “And I’m guessing that they’ll also want to see Getou afterwards, but who knows? No one tells me anything.”

 

“Correction,” Satoru says, leaning one arm on Suguru’s shoulder. Ijichi’s eyes trace the movement, raising an eyebrow slightly. “They’ll see us tomorrow or they won’t see us at all. Doesn’t matter if they want it or not, I’m showing up with him or I’m not showing up at all.”

 

“Satoru….” Suguru mutters, quiet enough so that no one else can hear.

 

“Trust me, it’s better this way,” Satoru whispers back, then speaks to Ijichi again. “Got that?”

 

Ijicihi looks at a loss, faced with both Satoru and Suguru throwing his plans off. Megumi just watches the exchange, looking curious. “They… they didn’t say that you could bring a guest. They just…. They’re not gonna like that.”

 

“I don’t care,” Satoru says simply. There’s no way in hell he’s gonna get Suguru go face the Higher-Ups alone. Not a chance. That's just asking for trouble, and he just got Suguru back. There's no way he's giving the higher-ups a chance to mess everything up. “It’s what’s going to happen. You better go tell them so they can get used to the idea.”

 

Ijichi stares at him, then Suguru, then rushes off without saying anything. “That was….” Suguru begins.

“Stupid?”

 

Suguru looks at him, then smiles with a glint in his eye. The sight makes Satoru's heart swell. He forgot how good this was, having Suguru by his side through things. “I was going to say great.”

 

“Hm,” Satoru hums, and smiles back, then shakes himself off and faces Megumi again, who’s still making a face at them like he's smelt sour milk. “Such a face. Why don’t we go find the others? Then you can get your explanation. What’s happened since I’ve been sealed by the way? Ijichi seemed squirmy.”

 

Megumi looks squirmy too at the mention of that. He avoids Satoru's eyes. Yet another red flag. “It’s… probably best to let the higher-ups explain that.”

 

Satoru raises an eyebrow. Two people who have refused to tell him what’s happened. That probably means it’s something bad then. And if it’s bad, he should know. No sense in pushing Megumi though. It's not as if he was expecting good news per se, but people are being downright squeamish about this. Just what has his absence allowed to happen? “Eh. Later. Lead the way, Megumi.”

 

Megumi grunts in agreement, then starts to leave to lead them to the others. Satoru takes his arm off of Suguru’s shoulder to follow him, but he doesn’t get far before Suguru is grabbing his hand and holding him back. “Suguru? What’re you...? Ah- That’s really tight. Ow .”

 

Megumi whirls around at the sound of that, and his eyes go to where Suguru is squeezing his hand. Satoru twists around to tell him to loosen up, but then his heart plummets to his stomach. “Let go!” Megumi is shouting, and starting forward to attack, hands going into attack position.

 

“No!” Satoru holds out a hand to stop him, and eases his hand out of Suguru’s grip. It's easy, now that he's turned back around. He should have known when Suguru went quiet. Suguru doesn’t react, he just keeps staring at the floor and swaying slightly, stitches starting to drip blood. His eyes have that unfocused, hazy look that makes him sick to his stomach. Satoru grabs both of his arms. “Shit. Suguru? Suguru, can you hear me? Are you okay?” No response. Not even a twitch of his hand.

 

“What’s going on with him?” Megumi asks, coming around to look. He looks uneasy. 

 

“He’s slipping,” Satoru says. More blood. Satoru grips his arms a bit tighter. “Suguru? Can you hear me? You promised. You promised you'd stay with me. We've gotten this far. Stay with me, Suguru.”

 

“Is he… safe to be around?” Megumi asks cautiously, edging away from him. His hands twitch like he wants to summon his shikigami again.

 

He doesn’t blame him, given the waves of cursed energy coming off of Suguru, but it still makes a flare of irritation go up in his chest. “Fine," he says quickly. "Suguru? Can you hear me?”

 

Suguru’s hand comes shakily up to brush against Satoru’s hand, and something loosens in his chest. It takes what feels like an eternity, but he looks up and meets Satoru’s eyes. They’re still hazy and hollow, but focused. “‘m good. Just… tired. It’s over now, I’m….” He squeezes his eyes shut again, then opens it. “Just a flare up. Only a matter of time.”

 

“Matter of time? Has this been going on all day?” Satoru asks him. His pulse was starting to settle down, but at that, it picks right back up again. Megumi is staring so hard at them he's practically trying to bore holes in the side of his head, but he can't be bothered with that at the moment. Explanations will come.

 

Suguru nods. “Yeah. Just need to rest I think.”

 

“Suguru, you need to tell me these things,” Satoru says, rubbing his arm. He snatches a tissue off of a nearby table and uses it to dab up the blood from his forehead. “You’ll tell me if it gets bad, won’t you? We protect each other, right? You’ve gotta let me.”

 

“I will,” he murmurs. “I will.” He lets Satoru dab the blood off of his forehead (thankfully not as much as the first time). “You go on ahead. I’ll meet you… wherever. I need to rest some more.”

 

Satoru frowns. “Are you sure?”

 

“He can come out to the courtyard,” Megumi blurts out a little too quickly to pass off as intending to be helpful. “That’s where the others are waiting. He’ll be fine in here.”

 

Satoru sighs. He's not crazy about the idea, but it can't be helped. Suguru needs to rest, and he's kept his students waiting long enough. “All right then. I guess so. You’ll come find me if you have any trouble though, right?” Suguru nods, and Satoru tries to convince himself it’s fine. It should be. It’s not like Suguru can’t protect himself if someone tries to kill him, and if he has another episode, it’s not as if Satoru can do anything to stop it. It’s fine. It’s fine. “Okay, well we’ll be outside then. In the courtyard.” That’s all it takes for Megumi to start leaving, but Suguru stops him from following.

 

“I want to talk to you alone." Suguru glances to Megumi significantly.

 

Megumi frowns, but Satoru waves him on. “Go on ahead. I’ll catch up.” Megumi glares at him, then Suguru for a few seconds, then goes on ahead, hands shoved in his pockets. “What is it?” he asks Suguru once he’s out of earshot.

 

“It’s…” Suguru sighs and steps away from him. “I can’t ask you to risk yourself for me. The Higher-Ups are gonna wanna execute me. We both know that, Satoru. I can’t just let you risk yourself, it’s something I have to face for myself. It's only right."

 

“Fuck that. Why?” Satoru crosses his arms. “I told you I would protect you. I don’t intend to break my promise.”



 

Suguru sticks his hands in his pockets and straightens up. He should have known that Satoru would be stubborn about this. “And I told you that I’d protect you too, don't forget that. Letting you do that wouldn’t fall in line with that, would it?”

 

“Well, tough. I’m doing it anyway.”

 

Suguru rubs his hands down his face. “I don’t get this. How can you…? Why do you want me to stay? Why should I even be here, after everything I’ve done, Satoru? Our last conversation, our last real conversation… I don’t understand. I should be gone by now. It’s the only smart thing to do, and I know you're not stupid, but you're keeping me around. Why are you so insistent on… just,” he throws his hands up, “Forgetting everything?”

 

Satoru's face goes stony, and Suguru can feel the tension in the air. Maybe he shouldn't have said all that, but Suguru can't exactly take it back now. It all just came out. “I didn’t say we should forget everything.”

 

“You know what I meant, Satoru. What the hell am I doing here? What the hell are we doing here? Why would you even want me around?” And he crosses his arms over his chest too. Maybe it’s the thing in his head messing with is emotions, but it’s been bothering him. Stay? Stay for what? After everything they’ve done to each other? He doesn't understand. Satoru's taken care of him, been gentle with him, patient, after everything it's done. It's not as if he doesn't want it, he does in a way that aches, but it doesn't make sense.

 

“The last time that we spoke, we were trying to kill each other. You did kill me,” Suguru continues. Satoru grimaces at that, and Suguru can’t help but feel slightly guilty. It’s not as if he’s angry at Satoru for that, but it's worth mentioning. So he moves on, practically vibrating at this point with fear and frustration and confusion. “My point is, how the fuck do you come back from that? I just- I’m done with pretending everything is okay. It can't last, Satoru. Pretending can only go so far before it all implodes.”



 

Satoru is trying to keep his composure and form a logical response, but he can’t find one. Not again. How many times does he have to do this? How can he be expected to keep steady when Suguru says something like that? And what kind of a question is that? Why? It’s ridiculous. Because I love you. Because when you died I lost a part of me. Because having you here again is like coming home for the first time in years. 

 

And now he’s talking about leaving again. He can’t go through that again. Maybe it's not perfect, maybe it can't ever be, but Satoru doesn't give a single shit about that. This is the first time in years he’s been able to think about Suguru or talk about him without that deep, pain. That was the first time he had to grieve someone like that. He wasn’t prepared. Maybe he never could have been prepared for pain like that. All the love he felt for Suguru just ended up looping right back around into pain and grief after he died. Yes, Suguru has a point, but how the hell could he be so blind? Satoru just wants him to stay. 

 

Maybe if he makes him understand just what he’s coming back to. “Suguru… do you know what I did after you died?”

 

Suguru blinks at him, then narrows his eyes. “Is that a trick question? I was dead, I have no idea.”

 

“Well….” Fuck, there’s no way that he can bring himself to tell the whole story, not now. He's perilously close to breaking down. Someday, when the whole thing feels farther away, maybe. But he can’t relive that shit right now. “A lot happened. But right after you died, I tried to wake you up.”

 

Suguru eyes widen. He looks slightly horrified, and a bit sad. “You what?”

 

Satoru laughs bitterly, mostly to relieve tension, and the weight of the memory. “It’s all kind of a blur, honestly. But I remember trying to shake you awake, and you didn’t respond. I remember the exact moment that your cursed energy went out. I saw, it, but that still didn't stop me from trying. I’ll never forget that. And I’ll never forget the pain when I got over the numbness and finally realized you were gone for good.” That pain was like nothing he’d ever felt before and nothing he’d ever been prepared to feel. What made it worse was that there was no one to blame it on but himself.

 

Suguru looks a combination of floored and pained. Satoru isn’t surprised. How could he have any idea what the aftermath of his death was like? It's not something that was in either of their minds up until this point. “Shit. I didn’t…. I’m sorry.”

 

“For what, me killing you? Come on.” He pauses, to try to push those memories of the days following Suguru’s death out of his head. He barely remembers them, but he remembers specific details. He doesn’t like remembering. It had always been that if he let himself dwell on those memories, he'd end up getting consumed by them. There’s a reason he never talks about it. “You’re right. We didn’t exactly part on good terms. But Suguru… you know what it’s like to lose someone dear to you. It’s the worst pain I’ve ever felt.” Satoru digs his thumb into his palm to keep himself steady. Thinking about the early days of losing Suguru aren’t easy. Those were bad times. “I won. But for what? You were gone, and I was alone. The only way I could get through days sometimes was shutting it all away into a dark corner. I couldn’t even bear thinking about you some days, never mind talking. And that kind of pain doesn't just ebb away.”

 

"Fuck.... I don't even know what to say to that, Satoru."

 

He meets Suguru’s eyes again, and the look on his face kills him. Suguru looks like he wants to make it better, but he already has, by being here and alive. “You don't have to. That’s the 'why' you were asking about, Suguru. Imagine that, and then imagine how I felt when I saw you for the first time after. Upright, even if it wasn’t you in control. And then when I realized I might have a chance at bringing you back to me.”

 

Suguru looks at a loss to respond, but something in his face softens. “I…. Okay. Fine. I see your point.”

 

“Do you? Do you really?” he presses. “Suguru, I don’t think you understand just how much I want you to stay. I get it if you resent me for killing you, but I’m not giving up," He reaches out and brushes Suguru's arm. "I’m not saying forget it. I’m not saying to pretend none of it never happened. I just want a second chance. I want us to have a second chance, and I don’t want to lose you again. I don’t think I could make it through that a second time.”

 

Suguru uncrosses his arms and levels Satoru with a fierce look, but not an angry one. He stares for a long moment, and Satoru stares back just as hard. “I understand. I’m just… this is all a lot in one day. I’m willing to work with you. It’s not as if I even want to leave anyway. And I don’t resent you, for the record. I don’t know where that came from.”

 

“Good. I’m glad. And as for all that other stuff….” Satoru sighs. “Well, there’s time to plan and plot. There’s always time. It just doesn’t have to be now. We can figure that out, so long as we’re working together.”

 

Suguru looks mollified by this, and the last of the knot in Satoru's chest loosens. “That… makes sense, I guess. Circumstances have changed. And I have no idea what to do anyway.”

 

“Exactly. Now rest, I’ll be waiting outside.” He rubs Suguru’s arm, and goes to leave. 




 

Suguru goes to lie down on the couch the moment Satoru is gone, and summons a cursed spirit to guard him while he sleeps. Just in case. Now that the Higher-Ups will know that he’s here. Almost as soon as he lies down on the couch, his eyes slide closed. 

 

But he can’t get that image out of his head. He pictures Satoru standing over his dead body, trying to shake him awake and never getting a response, even though he of all people should know Suguru is never going to wake up again. Alone. Trying to fix something that could never be undone, that he had done. Fuck. 

 

Part of him doesn’t think it was a fair card to play, but shit. He understands just why Satoru is so insistent on working something out, “letting the dust settle”. At least partly. He sincerely doubts that Satoru told him the whole story, but he doesn’t blame him. He had seemed like he was hanging on by a thread just by telling him that one bit. 

 

He can do this. He can keep in control of this body, his body, he just needs to learn how. Practice. That’s all it will take. Practice, and adjustment to the constant presence. Maybe someday, they can find a specialist who can remove the other from his head, which would be amazing. It’s worth it. He really has something to hold onto now.

 

But for now, he can’t get too tired to dig his nails in and keep in control. Maybe that’ll mean managing himself differently. It’s not something he wants to think about all that much, he just wants the peace and quiet of sleep.

 

A second chance, huh? What would that even look like? Suguru thinks about that as he drifts off to sleep. 




On the way out, Ijichi stops Megumi in the hallway, looking like he doesn’t want to have whatever conversation they’re about to have. “I don’t know if you caught the hint in there, but I’ll make sure you did. You know not to tell Gojo about what’s happened since he was sealed, right?

 

Megumi gives him a strange look. “Why wouldn’t I? He deserves to know.”

 

Ijichi winces. “It doesn’t come from me, it comes from the higher ups, but I can’t help but agree. The other students have already been sent away on long missions in the meantime, and your peers already know. Just… don’t tell him.”

 

“Is this about Yuuji?” Megumi asks, glaring. Sent away? “Are you really that afraid of Gojo? Of what his reaction will be like?”

 

“Yes,” Ijichi says sharply, frowning suddenly. He looks shaken, Megumi realizes. He’s serious. “And if you’re not, you don’t know him well enough. Suguru is keeping him happy. The higher-ups want to control how it happens, to avoid Gojo’s wrath.”

 

Megumi snorts, but he can’t help but understand it. Gojo cares about his students, as eccentric as he can he sometimes. “That’s the stupidest shit I’ve ever heard. They deserve to see him. All of us deserve to see him. ”

 

Ijichi nods, sighing. “I agree. Unfortunately, my hands are tied. And it’s not for no reason. So?”

 

Megumi shakes his head, but he can't pretend he's at all surprised. Some part of him knew some bullshit like this had to be attached to Gojo's return. “I suppose the others have already agreed?” Ijichi nods. “Fine. Fine. Whatever.”

 

Raised voices draw both of their attentions away, to the teacher’s room. An argument already? Megumi frowns at the door. Ijichi shakes himself back to focusing on Megumi. “Not a word. Not about Shibuya, not about nothing. Not to Gojo.”

 

And with that, he walks away.




Satoru catches up to Megumi in the hallway outside the teacher’s room. “Argument?” he asks him with a look that says he doesn’t give a shit. He really doesn't like Suguru. The thought slightly amuses him, and he's not exactly surprised by it. Hopefully he didn't overhear anything important.

 

“No, just had to work something out,” he says lightly. “Lead the way.”

 

They set off after that, Megumi silently leading the way to where the others must be, the sullenness radiating off of him. Really not how he wanted to introduce Suguru to his students, but oh well. At least they hadn’t killed each other or done any real damage to each other while he was asleep. He can practically hear the questions brewing in that head of his, but he must be waiting until the others are around to ask them.

 

“They’re out here,” he says over his shoulder to Satoru and then steps out of a door. Satoru follows him, and immediately hears two voices scream his name. Nobara and Yuuji come running towards him across the grass, grinning. Satoru waves at them and goes to meet them, and only stops for a moment when he sees the new eyepatch on Nobara’s face. He’d better hear about that in the meeting tomorrow. That, and the missing faces. He hasn't even sensed them. Maybe they're away on missions.

 

“Hello! I’m back,” Satoru says, spreading his arms. Yuuji and Nobara jump-hug him, while Megumi hangs back. He hugs them back, glad at least that all three of them are safe, and wonders where the others are.

 

They break away, and start peppering him with questions, crowding him excitedly. 

 

“How did you get out?”

 

“Are you okay?”

 

“What happened?”

 

“Who was Shoko talking about?”

 

“Why couldn’t we see you when you got back?”

 

Satoru laughs and decides to start with that last one. “If you came to my apartment, I would have just been sleeping. That's most of what I've been doing since I was unsealed. Trust me, it's better that I waited. Doctor's orders. Actually, I was sleeping when Megumi found me.”

 

“Yeah, with Suguru Getou,” Megumi mutters with a dark look at Nobara and Yuuji.

 

Damn it. Satoru had wanted to bring that up on his own. Oh well, no use crying over spilled milk. Yuuji and Nobara’s heads whip over to stare at Megumi, then Satoru. “Really? The Suguru Getou?”

 

Megumi nods, giving Satoru a dirty look steeped with suspicion. “Yep. Gojo was sleeping in his lap.”

 

Nobara glares at him, arms crossed over her chest. “What’re you doing cuddling with the enemy?”

 

“First off, he’s not the enemy, not anymore,” Satoru begins. “And he’s the original Suguru Getou, not that imposter. It’s really him. And second off, we weren’t cuddling. I was taking a nap on him in the teacher’s lounge.”

 

“That’s cuddling,” Megumi snaps. "Taking a nap in someone's lap is cuddling."

 

Is it? Ah well, that's not exactly the important part here. He waves Megumi off. “Semantics. My point is that he’s about as likely to hurt you as I am,” Satoru says. “Good?”

 

"No," Megumi says, taking a step forward to face him. Yuuji and Nobara look from him to Satoru. "None of this makes sense. Getou was the one who sealed you, or whoever, and now you take naps together? And we're just supposed to accept 'he's not the enemy anymore' as an explanation?"

 

"Yeah," Yuuji says, piping up and coming to Megumi's shoulder. “How did… How did the original come back?”

 

“He was always in there, he just wasn’t in control,” Satoru explains. “He got control again.”

 

Yuuju perks up at that and practically demands, “How? How did he get control again?”

 

“Brute force, according to him,” Satoru says. “He fought tooth and nail and then some.” Yuuju doesn’t look satisfied by the answer, which was very unlikely if he was looking for tips on how to deal with Sukuna. “He said it was hard to explain, so that's probably not all there is to it. You could always just ask him when he gets here. He’s got tons of experience with curses and shit, if that's what you're hoping for.”

 

Yuuji straightens up, and Satoru can't decide whether he's afraid or excited. “He’s coming here?”

 

“Yes? Why wouldn’t he?”

 

“Because he’s the enemy!” Nobara says again, gesturing harshly to Megumi, who manages to avoid getting hit in the face.

 

Satoru sighs. “Maybe before, but not now. He’s with me. Do you guys really think I’d bring him here if I thought he was a threat to you guys?” They stare at him, so he adds, “I wouldn’t. He’s fine. And right now, sleeping. What else do you wanna know?”

 

“What happened?” Megumi asks. “You said you were gonna explain. Nothing about this makes sense.”

 

“Start from the beginning!”

 

Satoru leans back on his heels and thinks. No way he’s telling them about the prison realm. He doesn’t wanna scare them. But this whole situation does merit some context. “Hm. Okay, the beginning then. When I was released, the imposter was already there, still in control of Suguru’s body. He wanted to get me back in that stupid cube, so I blasted that. And then I noticed how badly Suguru was fighting to take control of his body again. So the imposter and I fought. Suguru almost didn’t get back control.” He doesn’t mention how he almost let Suguru kill him. “But he managed to bash his head against a wall and knocked them both out. He was the one who woke up. So I brought him us back to his apartment before people started showing up, and we rested until Shoko could show up. Then we slept, and today we got examined by Shoko, and that just about brings us back to the present.”

 

“So, what,” Megumi says, coming up to face him. “You two are just friends now? Just like that?”

 

“Well not….” Huh. That’s right, he never talked about Suguru with them. It’s odd to think that they don’t know something like that, but so obvious. “Well not just like that. We have a long history, we were friends in school. We know each other, is my point, and we've known each other for years. So yes, just like that, now that he's back and he's getting better. Believe me, he’s fine. None of you need to worry about him. I'm always gonna protect you guys, all right? It's not as if he's a threat to any of you anyway."

 

"He attacked me," Megumi snaps, and the other two stare in shock. "He almost got that snake thing to kill me."

 

"Attacked  you?"

 

"You attacked him first, to be fair," Satoru says, pointing at him, and Megumi fumes. "Besides, that wasn't really attacking. I know him. If he wanted to hurt you, he would have. You're both fine."

 

Yuuji rubs the back of his neck. “I don’t know. I wanna trust you, but….”

 

Satoru waves his hand. “You don’t need to. I don’t blame you. Just trust me when I say he’s safe. I wouldn't bring him here if he weren't. Besides, he's recovering from a fever, neither of us are really at the top of our game right now. He's fine.”

 

The trio looks between themselves and seems to mull this over, then Nobara pipes up again. “Wait. Gojo, you never told us who released you. It must’ve been someone.”

 

Satoru blinks. Shit. That's one question he doesn't actually know the answer to. “Oh. Um. Huh. I actually don’t know.”

 

All three of them stare at him with a mixture of confusion and disappointment, and in Megumi's case, disapproval. “You don’t know? ”

 

“Wouldn’t Getou know?” Yuuji asks. “He was there when you got out, right? He must’ve seen who released you. Why didn’t you ask?”

 

Satoru shrugs, and kicks himself for not asking. Damn. He really should have asked. Why didn't he ask? They've had days, and Satoru had never once asked how he had even gotten unsealed. “Eh, I dunno, it never came up. It’s been a hectic few days, it just got lost in the rush of everything. That was the least of our concern.” How could he not forget? The specific reason why he had gotten out had ceased to matter between Suguru’s return and his own return. He'd been more worried about Suguru's fever. “I’ll have to ask him when he gets here.”

 

“He might not know,” Megumi says. “If the imposter wanted Gojo to get back in the box and Suguru wasn’t in control, he might not have seen who did it.”

 

“But if it wasn’t the imposter, who the hell else could it have been?” Nobara shoots back.

 

Satoru doesn’t know. And the question itches at him, in a large part because he hadn’t even thought to consider it.



 

Suguru wakes up an hour later and feels better. Or at least, more like himself. The thrum of the other in his head and limbs is slowly getting to feel less debilitating. It’s the sudden heaves that get him and wear on him. But that’s something he can learn to deal with if it means he can stay himself. He's just got to be patient, he figures, frowning.

 

He stretches on the couch and is relieved to find the curse guarding him in the exact same place that it was when he went to sleep. No incidents while he was sleeping then. He dismisses it and rolls to a sitting position. Well. No more putting it off. Satoru is going to get worried if he lingers too long, and if he stays, he might run into another person. That would be worse. He’s not in the mood for talking to much of anyone.

 

So he shoves his hands in his pockets and makes his way down to the courtyard, not in any rush to get there. Figures that he would run into a Fushiguro here of all places. 

 

After a few wrong turns and scrabbling at the bottom of his memory for the way to the courtyard, he pops out into the courtyard where Satoru and his students are gathered on the grass, under a tall tree. Two of them are jumping around like maniacs and talking over each other, but the third isn’t. Fushiguro, probably. 

 

Satoru turns around when he gets closer, and waves him closer. The two students stop and stare when he gets closer. “Suguru! Feeling better?”

 

“Yep.” He taps his head. “Loud, but I’m not down yet.”

 

“Good.” Once he’s close enough, Satoru puts a hand around his shoulders and guides him to face his students, who have stopped bouncing around to stare at him. Fushiguro still looks ready to summon a shikigami to sic on him. “This is Suguru Getou. Suguru, this Nobara Kugisaki,” he points to the girl with an eyepatch, “and Yuuji Itadori.”

 

“Sukuna’s vessel,” he says coldly. That knowledge churns in his stomach, and he thinks of the twins. So close. But this boy couldn’t be farther from Sukuna. He's... well, it's hard to put into words, but he seems bright in a way that Sukuna definitely isn't. And he looks slightly wary, which is nothing like Sukuna. So it’s hard to feel much of anything towards him, even if he knows that those are the hands that killed Mimiko and Nanako. It's just not him. “Right?”

 

Itadori winces, but nods. He seems slightly ashamed of it, or maybe annoyed. “Yeah. Unfortunately.”

 

“Hm,” he says, and isn’t sure of what else to say. 

 

“How did….” Suguru jumps when he realizes Itadori is still talking to him. The other two look just as surprised. “It’s just… in Shibuya, I couldn’t stop Sukuna. And….” Itadori looks like he's trying to swallow a mouse, and he's avoiding Suguru's gaze. "Those two girls, they knew you, and.... Well, I-"

 

Suguru arches an eyebrow. “You're talking about when Sukuna killed my twins."

 

Itadori looks sick to his stomach all of a sudden, and it ebbs all of the anger brewing in Suguru almost immediately. "They were your daughters? I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

 

Suguru frowns, and he can feel Satoru staring at him. Fushiguro as well, but he looks ready to attack. Kugisaki just seems confused. "Sorry for what? Sukuna's actions? What Sukuna does isn’t your responsibility to apologize for. I should know that better than anyone." He taps his head, and Itadori relaxes, apparently realizing what he means. "Shibuya wasn’t your doing, it was Sukuna's.”

 

Satoru turns to him. Suguru can feel the weight of that gaze even with the blindfold on. “Shibuya?”

 

“Shibuya,” Suguru repeats, deflecting the real meaning of his question.

 

Itadori turns red, but shakes his head. “That wasn’t what I was going to ask, but… I appreciate that. Thanks.” He clears his throat. “How did you get back control of your body?"

 

Suguru whistles. Going for the hard questions right away. “In truth? I threw myself at him. Well, not at him. At my body. It was like trying to hold onto sand. The only thing to do was fight with everything I had, and when that was gone, keep going. Focusing on small parts helped. I knocked myself out to stop the fight, and I put everything I had left into taking advantage of that opening. Satoru’s presence helped a lot. Though, that probably isn’t helpful, is it?”

 

Itadori looks confused. “I think?”

 

“Hold on, hold on,” Satoru says, waving his hands. “I helped?”

 

“Your voice,” Suguru explains. “Gave me something to latch onto.”

 

“Huh,” Satoru says, still staring at him.

 

“We still haven’t found out who freed you,” Fushiguro says, with a pointed glance at Suguru. “Ask him, Gojo,”

 

“You could ask him,” Suguru says. Kugisaki snickers a bit, and Fushiguro glares at both of them. 

 

“That’s a good point, who did free me? You never told me,” Satoru asks him, tilting his head.

 

Suguru raises an eyebrow at him. “I thought you knew. I was the one who freed you. Obviously.” All three of them go silent and stare at him. “What? Who else could it have been?”

 

Fushiguro narrows his eyes at him. “Why would you do that?”

 

Itadori and Kugisaki look baffled. “Wait, I thought you were like, dead or oppressed or something,” Itadori mutters.



"Yeah, that doesn't make sense," Kugisaki says, pointing at him.

 

He smiles slightly. He has to admit, these two are interesting. They're bold. Satoru seems to be waiting for an answer from him too, if the way he's edged closer to him is any indicator. "I had had enough. And you're right, I wasn't in control. I took control just enough to get the box and get away. That was something I could manage in little pieces and stretches of time. I hurt my leg to prevent him from just whisking me right on back. Other people getting involved would have ruined the whole thing. Then, I took control of the hands and unsealed Satoru."

 

Satoru whistles. "Huh. I... damn. No wonder you were exhausted."

 

Fushiguro seems taken aback enough to speak directly to Suguru. "But why now?"

 

Suguru doesn't have a good answer for that, because there isn't one. It's not exactly easy to explain the angry ache of helplessness, and how he couldn't stand the thought of Satoru being subject to that as well. "Timing. I saw the window of opportunity, and I decided to take it before it disappeared forever."

 

Itadori rubs the back of his head, chuckling. "Huh. I don't think I could do that. Sukuna would kick my ass."

 

"Technically, Suguru also got his ass kicked." Satoru moves in to lean on Suguru's shoulder, something which Fushiguro bristles at. "That was actually part of the reason I didn't want you kids coming to the appartment. He's been really sick with a cursed fever since he came back, and he only got better enough to come here today. Had to get examined."

 

"Yeah, and Sukuna's the King of Curses for a reason," Suguru says to Itadori. "He's a whole different beast."

 

"Yeah, come on dude." Kugisaki affectionately hits him over the back of the head, and Itadori smiles. "Quit beating yourself up about that."

 

From there, everything sort of dissolves as Satoru and his students fall into a clearly well practiced dynamic that doesn't include Suguru, as they celebrate their teacher's return. They're still plenty way of Suguru's prescence, which Suguru doesn't really mind. It's entertaining to watch Satoru in his element. He ends up drifting to the edges, despite Satoru's efforts to rope him in. In the end, he settles against a tree and watches them.

 

It's clear that Satoru is fond of his students. They fall into their own rhythm so easily after so long apart. It all moves very fast, from little anecdotes they want to catch Satoru up on, to showing him new moves they've learned, or random questions. Fushiguro flat out ignores him, probably still upset about their first meeting and clearly annoyed by his continued prescence. Kugisaki seems pretty much indifferent, mostly focused on Satoru, but Itadori seems curious. He keeps glancing over at Suguru, but he seems to be mostly absorbed by Satoru's return.

 

Suguru tips his head back against the tree and lets his eyes slide shut.

 

"What're you thinking about?"

 

Suguru opens his eyes to see the three students crowded around him, staring, and then finds the reason. Satoru has migrated over to sit next to him on the trees, and the students are hanging back, clearly wanting to join their teacher but unsure of how to. They seem to be whispering amongst themselves. They're so tightly knit. And Satoru cares about them. In that moment, it clicks what's been bothering him about this. "I miss the twins. It's just... seeing you with your students reminded me. I wish that they were here. They would have liked to be. They never really got to make many friends their own age."

 

Satoru reaches out and rubs his arm, which helps the ache in his chest slightly. "I know. I would have liked to meet them too."

 

"You would have liked them," Suguru muses. If he keeps thinking about that, then it's going to consume him. He's got to confront those emotions, he knows that, but he'd rather do it in private. "Nevermind that. You look like you want to ask me something."

 

That's all it takes for Satoru to lean in. "You know what happened after I was sealed don't you?" Satoru asks, voice low and serious so that his students can't hear.

 

Suguru levels him with a look, wishing he could see his eyes. "I know some.

"Tell me."

 

"Why?"

 

"I need to know."

 

"They'll tell you tomorrow."

 

"Suguru, I need to know," Satoru says, sounding urgent. "One of my students is literally missing an eye. The others are nowhere to be seen, they just tell me they're off on missions. All of this stinks to high heaven. Important shit is being kept from me, and I hate that. If you know something, you need to tell me."

 

Suguru looks at him, and sighs. "I get it, Satoru. I do. Something is clearly off, that I agree on. But I really shouldn't say. If I'm missing pieces of the puzzle, or if I'm wrong about something important, it'd just end up doing more damage. It's better to wait until you can get the full picture."

 

Satoru looks like he wants to argue, but he doesn't, he just groans. "Fine. Always so reasonable."

 

"Mm, I know, it's terrible of me." 

 

Suddenly Satoru sits up. "Hey, where did Megumi go?" he asks Kugisaki and Itadori.

 

Kugisaki shrugs. "Beats me, he just sorta wandered off."

 

"Training, maybe?" Itadori suggests. "Didn't say. We can go find him though!" He goes to dash off, but Kugisaki catches him by the collar.

 

She points at the two of them sitting against the tree. "We've been talking and we have a proposal. We wanna go to a restaurant tomorrow to celebrate you coming back. Getou can come too, if he wants, but you're paying."

 

Satoru laughs, but Suguru can feel his unease in how his hand twitches against Suguru's arm. Going to a restaurant to celebrate would likely involve going into downtown. "I'm paying for my own celebration lunch, how sweet."

 

Suguru sighs. Well, it's not as if Satoru is going to say anything about it. That would involve admitting that he has limitations. "How about takeout instead? That way we could just eat at the school, and not have to worry about security. Both of us have many enemies." Satoru squeezes Suguru's arm gratefully. 

 

Kugisaki gives him a wary look, then shrugs. "Sure. Why not?"

 

Itadori whoops. "Maybe we can get steak!" Kugisaki and Itadori start excitedly talking about the possibilities, and Satoru laughs, watching them.

 

"Thanks for that," Satoru mutters to him. "I don't feel like going into the city just yet."

 

"Of course," Suguru says, smiling. And they both settle back against the tree while Kugisaki and Itadori debate the merits of barbeque versus Italian. Then Satoru stiffens and claps his hands to his face, digging his palms into his eyes. Itadori and Kugisaki stop celebrating and stare.

 

Itadori steps forward uneasily. “Gojo? Are you okay?”

 

Satoru doesn’t answer, he just keeps grimacing and breathing unevenly. Shit. Must be another problem with regulating Six Eyes. Suguru frowns and leans closer, putting his hand on his shoulder. “Satoru? Is something wrong? Do we need to go back?” He did that when his eyes were hurting him, but the blindfold should be helping. Shit. "Is the blindfold not helping?" He rubs soothing circles on Satoru's back. 

 

"What's wrong with him?" Kugisaki asks.

 

"Nothing," Suguru answers simply, not taking his eyes off of Satoru. "Just effects of being unsealed. Like jet lag." Both of them take this in, and keep staring at Satoru. It's probably really jarring to see Satoru like this. Suguru is used to it, but Satoru isn't really the type to show vulnerability like this to his students. They might not have even known that Satoru could get like this, but now they're seeing him claw at his eyes through the blindfold. At least Suguru's vague explanation seemed to put them to ease somewhat.

 

It’s a long few seconds before Satoru answers. “I’m fine.” He hisses and takes his hands away from his eyes. “Shoko was right, I’m having trouble with regulation. I just got a huge surge from Six Eyes, felt like being sucker punched. I feel like a damn teenager again,” he says with a hollow laugh. Suguru remembers all the nights when Satoru would end up coming into his room, digging his nails into his face because of the overstimulation. “Nothing to worry about.”

 

“Maybe we should go back to your apartment. She did say to take it easy,” Suguru says, rubbing his shoulder. "It's been a long day, comparatively."

 

Satoru sighs, but nods. “Yeah, you’re probably right. Ah well.” He stands up, and Suguru stands up with him, then he addresses Kugisaki and Itadori, who still look worried. “Hate to cut the visit short, but we’ll all meet here around noon to go to lunch. My treat.”

 

“Nice,” Kugisaki says, then blinks. “Wait, you’re both going?”

 

“Yeah, where is Getou staying?” Itadori asks, glancing between the two of them. “Is he like… living with you?”

 

Satoru tilts his head at them. “Uh, yeah. Where else would he stay?”

 

They both stare at him, and Suguru does his best not to laugh. “Well,” Kugisaki says, breaking the silence. “We should probably track down Megumi, who knows what kind of trouble he’s gotten himself into. Bye!” Then she grabs Itadori and starts dragging him off.

 

Itadori waves at them. “See you tomorrow!” Then he and Kugisaki jog off.

 

Suguru watches them go. “Strange kids. They seem to like you.”

 

“They’re good kids,” Satoru says smiling. “We should probably get a cab. And takeout.”

 

“Mm, agreed. Real food this time.”
Notes:

    This chapter feels a bit more hefty than usual! Gojo finally gets to meet his students again, which was fun to write. More of their interactions to follow before the big showdown at the hearing. Itadori and Kugisaki were harder to write than I thought, so I hope y'all enjoyed them. Lots of questions, and Gojo being unhelpful at answering them, per usual. Next time, we see where Megumi went.

Chapter 7: Talks
Summary:

    Things are starting to settle down for Gojo and Getou, but the first years aren't quite so content.

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Megumi scowls at the floor as he wanders through the halls of the school, not sure where his feet are taking him until he winds up outside Ieiri’s office. Huh. Well, she’s old enough that she probably remembers Getou. Ijichi didn’t seem to know anything about him except that he’s dangerous. He pushes the door open and finds her in the middle of some gruesome project.

“Is this a bad time?” he asks her, wrinkling his nose at the thing on the table.

“Depends. What do you want?” She looks up and squints at him. “You don’t look injured.”

“It’s Getou,” Megumi grits out. “He’s still here.”

Ieiri snorts. “Where else is he supposed to be?”

Megumi shoves his hands in his pockets. “I don’t know and I don’t care. Getou can’t just show up here just because Gojo says it’s fine. I mean, Gojo didn’t even say anything when he had a cursed spirit attack me.” Ieiri looks up in surprise. “Okay, to be fair I did attack him first, but still.”

Ieiri whistles, then starts laughing to herself. “That takes guts kid, good for you. But pro tip, don’t try to fight Getou, ‘kay?”

Megumi frowns. “Why not?”

“Because it wouldn’t end well, no offense kid.” Megumi frowns, and Ieiri goes back to her project. “I can’t say that I know what his abilities are like now, but back in school Gojo considered him an equal. Even if that doesn’t hold true now, it’s probably best to err on the side of caution.”

Megumi crosses his arms. “I could take him.”

Ieiri shrugs. “I dunno. Doesn’t matter, probably. Gojo would probably step in, I doubt he’d want you two to hurt each other.” Megumi frowns, but Ieiri doesn’t seem to notice this. “Anyway, it’d just upset him if you did manage to defeat Getou. You’ve seen how protective he is of him. I assume you came here for information?”

Megumi sighs. “Yeah. What do you mean equals?” He thinks that over, but it doesn’t sink in. Sure, it was years ago, but an equal to Gojo. It doesn’t sit right with him. All of this just seems so strange. “But he uses curses, same as me.”

“Not really,” Ieiri says, snapping something with a sickening sound inside the mound of flesh. “He’s a curse manipulator and not a shikigami-user. Did you really come here to ask me about Suguru’s techniques? You could’ve asked him that.”

“No,” Megumi says, frowning. “I don’t trust him. Gojo says he’s fine but I don’t buy that. It just doesn’t make sense. If he’s that big of a deal to him, we would’ve heard about it. I think he’s probably just using Gojo to get what he wants. Or something. Doesn’t matter, he’s trouble.”

Ieiri pauses in whatever it is she’s doing to look up at him and take an appraising look. “Well, it’s very unlikely that Suguru’s using him, he’s not that kind of person. And they do have history.”

Megumi’s stomach churns. “History?”

“We were all friends back in school, before everything hit the fan,” Ieiri says, reaching for a tool and sticking it inside the thing. “It’s a long story, you’re better off asking them about it.”

“I’m asking you though,” Megumi says, starting to get impatient. This conversation is going in circles. “You were friends with them, why can’t you tell me?”

She chuckles and doesn’t look up from her work. “Jeez, okay. You really wanna know what their deal is? Fine. It’s complicated.”

“That’s a cop out.”

“Sure, but it’s true,” she says boredly, then rolls her eyes. “They’re a goddamn train wreck, to say the least. If you think Gojo’s terrible on his own….” She snickers and doesn’t finish her sentence.

Megumi sighs, and opens his mouth to ask another question, but gets cut off by footsteps charging toward them. Yuuji and Nobara burst inside the door. “Found you!” Yuuji says with a grin, pointing at him.

“What’re you doing here?” Nobara asks. “Gojo and Getou left, we’re having lunch tomorrow though. To celebrate. His treat.”

“Did you know they’re living together?” Yuuji says, eyes wide.

Megumi scoffs. “Of course they are. Come on, you really don’t think Getou is manipulating him?”

Nobara shrugs. “I thought that at first, but I don’t know. It seems genuine.”

“And there was this whole moment outside that you missed,” Yuuji says, wandering up to Megumi’s side. “Gojo had trouble with his eyes or something, and Getou snapped right to it while the rest of us just stared. He seems to really care about him. I’m not sure about it yet, but I don’t think he’s using him. What’re you doing here anyway?”

Megumi sighs. “Asking Ieiri about them. Apparently it’s ‘complicated’.”

“As I was saying,” Ieiri says, giving him a sharp look. “They’re important to each other. Real important. He doesn’t talk about him because it’s not something he likes to think about. Losing him, I mean. It took a toll on all of us but it hit him the worst. It’s better this way, trust me guys.”

“Important? How important?” Nobara asks, and Megumi can’t help but think that that’s the least concerning thing about what Ieiri said.

Ieiri gives them all a measured look before turning back to her project. “A lot of it’s pretty private, in all honesty. I don’t know how much Gojo is okay with me telling you, so it’s best you just ask him. But if you insist.” She sighs, as if this conversation is her burden to carry. “Very important. From what I managed to wheedle out of them, they nearly killed themselves trying to save each other. When Gojo was unsealed, I mean.”

“Getou too?” Yuuji asks, tilting his head.

“Oh yeah. We almost lost him, actually. I managed to pull him back over the edge, but….” Ieiri whistles. “Not something I want to repeat. Gojo was really upset. Don’t tell him I told you that, but the way,” she says, giving them all sharp looks. “Point is, it’s better this way, for both of them.”

Megumi frowns. He can’t imagine Gojo grieving for someone, it’s just so unlike the image he’s always presented. Which is probably on purpose. But he thinks back to the way Gojo is around Getou. He’s always smiling at him, and he sleeps on him. He seems lighter, less like he’s putting on an act. Clearly, Gojo trusts him, enough to let Getou touch him. And he can’t help but remember when Getou slipped in the teacher’s lounge, and all of Gojo’s attention immediately went to him. The worry and fear in his demeanor. “Hm.”

Nobara sighs. “I hate to admit it, but she makes a fair point, Megumi. If it’s really that big of a deal….” She shrugs. “Gojo said he’d step in if something happened. Why not?”

Yuuji scrunches up his face. “Yeah, I dunno, Megumi. I don’t know if I quite trust the guy, but it might be worth giving a shot. Getou doesn’t seem to like me, but if he’s important to Gojo like that, why not? Gojo’ll protect us if anything happens anyway, he told us, remember?”

Megumi huffs, but that first meeting with Gojo and Getou pops into his head. Especially when Getou woke him up— the way that his fingers slid into his hair like it was the most natural thing in the world and how he looked at him. No one looks at Gojo that affectionately. And how Gojo had, half-asleep, cuddled right up to him. It felt like such a private moment, but they were clearly comfortable around each other, and clearly protective of each other. Even asleep, Gojo was protecting Getou and Megumi very much remembers the fierce look in Getou’s eyes as he readied the snake to strike him, like he’d cut Megumi down if he tried to hurt Gojo.

Even just a few days after being reunited, and an apparently rocky past. They’d just fallen in line. They had that effect. It seemed like it came out of left field, the last thing that Megumi would expect is for Gojo to come back arm in arm with Getou, but they didn’t make it seem out of place. Megumi hated to admit it, but they made it seem like the most natural thing in the world.

“Anyway.” Nobara gives Megumi a significant look. “We may not be crazy about him, but Getou clearly makes him happy. And Gojo’s got a lot of bad news coming his way. Who are we to take that away from him?

Right. He’d forgotten about that. Damn. Maybe it was for the best, but…. “I still hate it.”

Shoko laughs. “They have that effect on people. I don’t know how helpful that all was, but that’s about all I can tell you. The rest, just ask them. Here’s what you need to worry about.” She point a bone at them. “Getou is a force to be reckoned with, injured or not, and he’s definitely capable of a lot of questionable shit. But they can handle each other. And Gojo can definitely handle Getou if anything goes wrong. But they’ve been down that road before. And I highly doubt they’re gonna let go of each other so easily this time around.”

“Ominous for no reason,” Megumi mutters.

“Eh, maybe. No more questions. You should ask him to show you his dragon.” Another wet snapping sound comes from the project. Both Yuuji and Nobara make faces and back away.

Then Yuuji’s face lights up. “He has a dragon?”

“He should, I dunno, it’s not my curse. He’s got a lot of shit in there.” She grabs a hammer and lifts it up. “You kids better skedaddle, this is gonna get messy.”

They all shuffle out of there quickly.

 

The ride back to his apartment is quiet, but Satoru doesn’t mind that. It’s a nice sort of silence, and most of his mind is dedicated to hoping that their takeout is there when they get home. Their home. That’s a nice thought.

“I wish I could help you pay for lunch,” Suguru finally says. “Teenagers eat a lot.”

Satoru looks over at him and smirks. “Oh yeah, you and what money? Those are my clothes you’re wearing.”

Suguru returns the look. “I can give them back if you want. I’m perfectly capable of stealing clothes to wear.”

Satoru waves him off. “No no. Keep wearing them.” Eventually, they’re going to get Suguru his own clothes, it’s on his list of things he has to do that he’s putting off for as long as possible. He’s going to milk Suguru wearing his clothes for all it’s worth. “You’re coming, by the way,” Satoru says. “The meeting with the Higher-Ups is right on the tails, and you’d come anyway. Free food.”

“Mm, true,” Suguru murmurs. “Do you think they’re going to take it well? Me just showing up? I can’t wait to see the looks on their faces.”

“Me too, honestly.” Satoru stretches and edges closer to him. “They’re not gonna be happy, but I don’t care. They’re probably gonna wanna execute you, but we’re not gonna let that happen.”

“I don’t know what you’re planning, but I don’t see it going well,” Suguru says, looking thoughtfully ahead. “Maybe we should come up with a plan, so we’re not just diving in half-cocked.”

“Mm, I like it that way though.” He peers out the window, checking where they are. “I suppose, though. They don’t care about fairness. I got them to suspend Yuuji’s execution because he was useful, he could eliminate Sukuna.”

Suguru gives him a surprised look. “That’s what this is about? Eliminate him how?”

Satoru adjusts his blindfold, then takes it off and replaces it with his sunglasses. Suguru watches him fluff his hair out. “Last time I was here, the plan was to have him eat all of Sukuna’s fingers, then kill him, so all of Sukuna is destroyed. Their plan, at least. So they’re not gonna go easy on you, to say the least.”

“Hm.” Suguru taps his chin. “And I suppose letting them take my head off isn’t in the cards?”

“Don’t joke about that.”

“All right.” Suguru sighs and sits back against the car seat. “If we’re talking usefulness, I have plenty of things to offer. I’m a Special Grade and experienced with combat, so I’m a useful thing to have on their side. I hold curses. I have valuable information.”

Satoru turns to him at this. “On their side? So you’re thinking of becoming a jujutsu sorcerer again?”

Suguru meets his gaze, and Satoru tries to extract as much information as he can from it. “Those glasses look good on you.”

Satoru can feel his face heat up a bit, but he ignores that. “You’re changing the subject. You can’t distract me, Suguru.”

“I beg to differ, you’re very easily distracted.” Suguru tears his eyes away from the glasses and meets his eyes again. “We’re not thinking long term plans right now, remember? Or at least, I’m not. Stay alive and in control. It helps if I think of it like that, otherwise I feel adrift. It’s simply something we can use as a bargaining chip. An option.”

“Hm.” He can’t deny it, he’d be ecstatic if Suguru stayed with him and fought at his side. They’d make a hell of a duo, they always have. With his help, he could get a lot more done. “Let’s go with that in the meantime. There’s always good old fashioned threats if it comes to the worst.”

Suguru chuckles and tugs the sleeves of his jacket up. Satoru’s jacket, he remembers, and feels a little more warmth in his chest. “That would be fun, wouldn’t it? I’ll bet they’re scared of you.”

“They better be,” he mutters.

 

That night, after some internal debate, Shoko decides to call Satoru. And she hates calling people, but she figured that this was something worthy of making a call.

“Yo,” Satoru says upon picking up.

“Your kids came to see me today,” she says in lieu of a greeting. “They had an awful lot of questions. Well, Megumi had an awful lot of questions. Figured you’d want to know.”

“Ah, so that’s where he went,” Satoru says. “Eh, figures. I was kind of vague. What did you tell them? What did he say? I didn’t get a chance to talk to him all that much. I don’t think it went well.”

Shoko snorts. “That’s an understatement.” She didn’t exactly expect Satoru to be tactful about the situation, but good lord. Not exactly a great start. “He seemed upset. He definitely doesn’t trust Suguru, but honestly, I think he just doesn’t like him.”

“Hm.” Satoru seems to mull this over. “Well, Suguru doesn’t like him. Makes sense, I guess. What did you tell them?”

“Nothing too private,” Shoko says, tapping a pen idly. “Just enough to give them a different perspective. They don’t have the same context I do. To them, Suguru just popped up out of the woodwork. It’s not as if anyone talks about him all that much. You haven’t talked about him either.”

“Ah, is that the issue?”

“Maybe. I don’t remember who, but one of them figured that if Suguru was important, they would’ve heard about him. Mostly, I just told them to ask you guys about him.” As if that will help. They’d be even vaguer. Shoko did her best with the they have a complicated past and they’re important to each other, trust me dude bit, but she knows that probably seems thin if you don’t know them. A cop out, Megumi had said.

But what the hell was she supposed to say? Oh, they’re in love with each other but too emotionally constipated to admit it so they pretend they’re just friends, and there’s this whole thing where Suguru ditched us and yadda yadda . They weren’t blind, they’d get it if they spent more time around them. Megumi especially seemed to pick up on this dynamic, which was probably why he was the most bothered. Shoko doesn’t blame him, given that Satoru is his guardian.

There’s a long pause on the phone, and Shoko almost checks whether the call disconnected or something, but then Satoru speaks. “Should I have… talked about him more? Told them?”

It’s passed off as casual, but Shoko can hear the undertones. She twists the cap of her pen idly. “Look, we all have our coping mechanisms for loss. Some people like talking about passed loved ones, other people don’t. I can’t say that you have the healthiest coping mechanisms.” She shakes her head. That’s a whole other can of worms. “Point is, don’t worry about it. I don’t think it would have made this whole thing go any smoother.”

“Huh.” Shoko hears some rustling, probably as Satoru fidgets around. “Fair enough.”

Shoko decides to change the subject, before this can get out of hand. “How’s Suguru doing, by the way? How are you doing?”

“Ah.” Satoru’s tone noticeably ticks up. “He’s eating more. We got take out, and he had almost half a mug of pasta. I know that doesn’t sound like a lot, but it’s more than he’s been eating. He also pushed to clean the fridge out, and he even got halfway through it before he got too tired and had a curse do it instead, so his energy levels are starting to recover. I think I’m doing better too. Suguru’s in the shower right now, I’m just lying in bed.”

Shoko highly doubts that he’s doing all that much better, but she decides not to press the matter. “Good, you two should be getting plenty of rest.” She leans back in her chair, and mulls over the question she’s been wanting to ask since she showed up at their apartment. But she’s not sure of the phrasing.

“Shoko? You still there?”

“What? Yeah, just thinking.” She sighs. Best to be blunt. “You guys are gonna get your shit together this time around, right? Like… it’s not just gonna go down the same path as before, right?”

There’s a stretch of silence, and Shoko wonders if she made the right call. What way did Satoru interpret that? As in just kiss already and save us all the trouble or don’t betray each other again. “What do you mean?”

Probably best to focus on the former for now. “Suguru’s been through a lot. If anything, he’s in worse shape than before. He could still very well go right back to that dark place if you two don’t play your cards right,” Shoko says. “You know what I’m talking about right? The dark place that ended up with him-”

“I know what you’re talking about,” Satoru says, cutting her off sharply. “How could I forget that? I can’t exactly control his mental state. But I’ve….” He groans. “We’ve talked a bit. I’ve made it clear that I want him to stay, and he understands that I mean it. It doesn’t matter. Point is, I never in a million years thought I’d get even a glimmer of hope, nevermind a chance at making things right. I’m not gonna let this go without a fight, Shoko.”

Shoko relaxes a bit. “Good. And I won’t let you two. There’s no way I’m gonna watch Suguru throw his life away yet again. What an idiot.” It’s a good thing that they’ve talked. She’s not sure what they constitute as “talking”, she’s not gonna get her hopes up, but it’s a start.

“In all honesty, I don’t think he’s really up to going back to the whole supervillain thing he was messing with,” Satoru says disdainfully. “We’ve talked about that, and he doesn’t seem to be all that interested in it. Mostly he just seems… lost. Probably because of the twins' deaths. I think he still needs time to figure it out.”

Shoko nods. “Makes sense. Death can do that to people.”

“Mm,” Satoru agrees. “Well, we’ve got lunch tomorrow with my first years. We’ll see how that goes. Hopefully, better than today went.”

“I wouldn’t get my hopes up.” Maybe it will go better though. It depends on how in the mood Suguru is to make nice with the students. He’s always been the more tactful of the two of them, but he might not have the energy for that.

Satoru snickers. “Who knows, maybe it- Ah. Hold on Shoko, I gotta go, Suguru just got out of the shower.”

Shoko shakes her head, but she’s smiling slightly. For all their power, they’re the biggest idiots she knows. They could be good together, she knows it. Once upon a time, she thought that they’d eventually get over themselves and become jujutsu’s power couple. “Fine then. But I’m serious. Get your shit together. You deserve to be happy, both of you. No more bullshit. Doctor’s orders.”

Satoru laughs. “Well, in that case, how can I refuse? You got it, doc. Gotta go.”

Hopefully, he means it. “Bye.” She hangs up.

 

Suguru comes out of the bathroom in Satoru’s sweatpants and no shirt, which makes Satoru glad that he usually covers his eyes because he can’t help but stare. He tries to focus on the phone call, but his eyes keep getting drawn to Suguru’s chest, and his back, and his thighs as he pads around the room, unaware. It’s a useless endeavour, so he gets off the phone with one last order from Shoko for them to get their shit together.

He hangs up and tosses the phone aside. “Who was that?” Suguru asks, sitting down on the other side of the bed. It makes Satoru nervous, despite the fact that they’ve been doing this for nights now, sometimes practically on top of each other. But still. They were out of it then, and now they’re more lucid. Now, there’s nothing getting in the way of him feeling a bit tight around the collar as Suguru climbs into bed with him. But what the hell is he going to do, ask him to sleep on the couch? No way.

He doesn’t want that, but why the hell does he have to be so hot? It’s not fair. How is he expected to sleep soundly? “Shoko,” Satoru answers, and reaches over to his nightstand to replace his glasses with a sleep mask. “She told us to get our shit together. Doctor’s orders.”

Suguru smiles and settles down on the pillows next to him. “Fair enough. We’re doing that, aren’t we? I’m not dying anymore, you’re in one piece.” He stretches like a cat getting comfortable over the blankets, and then tugs them over the both of them.

Satoru wants to run his hand over his chest and get reacquainted with every inch of him. His lips are right there. They look soft, and his mouth probably tastes like mint. One of these days, he’s going to snap and want to kiss him. “Mmm,” he mumbles vaguely in response.

“What’re you looking at?” Suguru asks him with an irritating smile.

Satoru scoffs. “You have no idea what I’m looking at, my eyes are covered.”

Suguru shrugs. “Maybe. Maybe not. You’re not exactly subtle, hot stuff. Like what you see?” Then he has the nerve to wink. Satoru sits up and hits him with a pillow while Suguru cackles like a maniac and hits him back with the pillow. They scramble and hit each other with the pillows until Suguru tosses it in his face and grabs him.

Satoru yelps and they wrestle around but it’s futile. Suguru gets a leg around his waist and puts him in a headlock. It’s loose though. “You’re lucky I’m letting you do this,” Satoru says, tugging at Suguru’s arm half heartedly. He’s not at all mad about the position he’s in, in all honesty, but there’s no way he’d admit that.

It is a bit dangerous though. Suguru tightens his leg around Satoru’s waist. His thighs have always been strong, and Satoru does his very best to focus his thoughts on the combat benefits of that, and not anything else. “Sure, whatever you say, Satoru. Let me.” He lets Satoru go, which is probably for the best. He misses this though, just messing around with Suguru.

They both flop down on the bed, and Satoru rolls over to stare at him. “You’re doing it again,” Suguru says, smirking at the ceiling.

“Just planning how I’m gonna kick your ass.” He flicks his nose and tugs their blankets up. “I don’t know about you, but I’m tired. Long day of… stuff tomorrow.”

“Oh goodie.” Suguru rolls over and they end up inches from each other, even though there’s an entire bed of space. “Good night, Satoru.”

“This time, we’re not almost dying,” Satoru says cheerfully. “More or less. Small victories.”

He’s not used to falling asleep with someone in his bed. When Suguru died, he threw himself into his work and stopped letting people get close to him, and it worked. It’s odd to hit a warm body when he stretches out, but he doesn’t think he dislikes it. Especially because it’s Suguru.

“Suguru,” Satoru murmurs into the dark, a stretch of time later. “You awake?”

“Yep.”

He can’t get Shoko’s words out of his head. “You’d… tell me if things got bad again, right?”

“Is that what Shoko was calling about?” Suguru asks, and Satour wishes that he could make out his face. “Is she worried about that?”

“Yeah.”

“Are you?”

He thinks about it for a moment. “Yeah. I just… I don’t want you to end up on the same exact path as before. Especially given what we’ve had to go through to get here. What you’ve had to go through. I thought I’d lost you forever, Suguru, you have to understand. I don’t want to get you back, only to go through that all over again.”

Suguru nods in the dark, Satoru can hear it. “Well, I didn’t exactly enjoy leaving either. I missed you.” Satoru wants to ask about that, but then Suguru is talking again. “I don’t want that either. I’m not sure of a lot right now, but I know I want to stay. For as long as you’ll have me. I’m not doing the greatest right now, in all honesty, though.”

“I don’t expect you to be,” Satoru murmurs back. “Not after everything. No one bounces back on a dime from stuff like that. But there’s a line.”

“I know.” Suguru shifts a bit closer to him. “Think of it this way. I have nothing. Pretty much everything that I had before, it’s gone, Satoru. Except you. And you’ve let me into your home, and helped me, and stuck up for me. I want to return the favor. I know you’re afraid of losing me.” Satoru winces at that, but he can’t exactly deny it. That would be lying. “Has it ever occurred to you that I might be afraid of losing you too?”

Satoru didn’t think of that. But it makes sense. After all that Suguru has lost, at his own hands and other people’s, it’s not surprising that Suguru would be afraid of losing him as well, but it still twists at his heart. “Ah. No, it didn’t occur to me.”

Suguru chuckles to himself, and bops Satoru on the forehead. “Well, now you know. Satisfied?”

“For now. Are you?”

“Yeah. Now go to sleep. Busy day tomorrow.” With that, Suguru rolls over and buries his head in the pillows, one leg brushing against Satoru’s.

Satoru’s chest feels infinitely lighter. He’s glad he asked. And for a moment, lying there and watching Suguru’s back rise and fall with his breathing, he lets himself hope that this time, things won’t go wrong. And if they do, that they can fix it. This time, Suguru will stay. He fits so nicely into Satoru’s bed and his apartment (it was always too big for one person), and in the places he doesn’t fit into so nicely, Satoru will make room for him.

Satoru thinks of this as he drifts off to sleep, and it doesn’t take long at all.
Notes:

    This is more of a shorter chapter, hope y'all enjoyed! Some communication for Gojo and Getou! They're far from perfect, but they're making an effort. I edited the hell out of this chapter, wrote up whole sections that I ended up cutting, but I'm satisfied with this version. I never really got to explore Shoko's perspective on this whole thing, and it was interesting. Also, I absolutely hate the word "lounge", it's never spelt how I expect it to be. Next time, lunch! We're nearing about the halfway point in the story, more or less, and I promise, they will get their shit together.

Chapter 8: Lunch
Summary:

    Things do not go as planned for Satoru and Suguru when they eat lunch with the first years and Shoko.

Notes:

    The google doc I have for this work has broken 100 pages at this point, not all of it is postable, some of it is outlines and outtakes, but still, good lord. We're entering the final two sequences! There will be around three chapters after this one, if I'm counting correctly. I have them written up, all I have to do is fix them up and post them as I'm able. Thank you so much to all of you for sticking around thus far, I've had a lot of fun writing this.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

The sun is starting to come up when Suguru wakes up to panicked breathing. For a second, he thinks it’s his, but it’s not his, so it must be Satoru. He frowns and groggily lifts his head up. He can make out the lump of blankets where Satoru is sleeping next to him, but his face is hidden in the pillows. “Satoru?” No answer. Shit, has something happened to him. He reaches out to graze his arm with his fingers, and it’s like pulling a trigger.

Almost immediately, Satoru is rolling over and burying his face in his bare chest. It wakes Suguru up in a snap, because how on Earth could this man still take comfort in him? Satoru had said in no uncertain terms that he wanted Suguru to stay, but good lord. He gets over himself when he feels Satoru shaking though. Nightmare, probably. A nasty one too. Suguru slides his arms around his waist and pulls him in tight.

“I don’t know what’s wrong, but you’re safe,” he murmurs. “And awake, hopefully.” Satoru nods against his chest, and guilt weighs down Suguru’s chest. This is almost certainly because of the box. He’s had nightmares before, Suguru knows that, but nothing like this. This is more like a panic attack than anything. Suguru could have prevented it, maybe. He knows it's irrational, because he couldn’t have, but still. “I… I’m sorry. For the box, for everything. It’s…. urgh, this is foolish. But I’m sorry that you have to go through this because of me. I’m sorry you got dragged into it.”

Satoru doesn’t answer, he just grips Suguru tighter. “I’m sorry I killed you.”

That’s like a block of ice settling in his insides. Did he have a nightmare about that? Why is he apologizing? Even if he was angry at Satoru for that, he knows now how devastating it was for Satoru too. It’s not like he laughed over his corpse or something. Still. “That’s over with. I’m back again, aren’t I?” But that just reminds him. Everything there was to lose, Suguru managed to lose it, even his autonomy. Now what? “Besides. I never said you had to apologize.”

“You have no idea how much of a relief it is to have you back,” Satoru murmurs against his chest. “Even years down the line…. I’d see someone who looked like you in a crowd, some place we went to, even a food we ate together once, and it’d be like drowning all over again.”

“Breathing, Satoru,” Suguru reminds him. He carefully places Satoru’s hand on his chest so he can feel his breathing. “Like this.” Satoru nods, and starts making an effort to breathe more evenly. “Do you want to talk about it? The nightmare?”

“I couldn’t even describe it to you,” Satoru says weakly. His voice is so unlike what it normally is. The vulnerability makes it crack and go thin in some places. And Suguru is the one who’s trusted with that. It doesn’t quite click. Why? “I was back in the prison realm, and I was watching everything happen outside it. Watching you die. My worst moments, over and over again. Couldn’t do anything to stop it. Do you have nightmares like that?”

“I do,” Suguru says, and it’s true. There’s plenty of material for them.

“Tell me about them.” Satoru’s breathing sounds more even, but he’s still tense. Very tense.

“Okay.” It’s at moments like these it hits him just how much he loves Satoru. And he loves moments like these, but it also aches, because he knows it doesn’t mean to Satoru what it does to Suguru. Still, it warms him, to know that Satoru still trusts him. Really, genuinely trusts him. He can’t help but wish for more though. Sometimes, he wants Satoru to see what Suguru’s touches really mean, and sometimes he doesn’t. “Well, I don’t have nightmares about you killing me, if that’s what you’re wondering. It’s… I don’t remember Kenjaku taking my body. I’m glad I don’t, but my mind is more than willing to fill in the gaps.” With a sort of unpleasant twist, he realizes he’s said the name out loud. It tastes like bile on his tongue. Glee that doesn’t belong to him twists inside him, making his vision warp.

“Did it hurt?” Satoru asks, voice even. They haven’t really talked about this, but if it’ll distract Satoru, he’s willing to do it. A bit.

“I don’t know,” Suguru admits. “Probably. Early on, my consciousness… wavered. My memories are blurry at best, and honestly, it’s hard to distinguish those from the dreams I had.”

“Weird. But honestly, that’s sort of how my time in the prison realm went,” Satoru murmurs. He’s not having a panic attack anymore, somewhere along the line it subsided, but he hasn’t retreated from Suguru’s chest. Instead, his arm gets draped around Suguru’s waist.

“Mm.” Suguru’s not sure how much more he wants to talk about what happened to him. It’s still dark out, and it’s easier for the memories to loom in the shadows. So he changes the subject. “Is that the first nightmare you’ve had?” Satoru’s quiet, which is more than enough of an answer for Suguru. “Satoru.”

“Oh, what do you expect me to do? Wake you up?” Satoru says, sounding annoyed.

“Yes, I do,” Suguru says with a frown. “You know, sometimes I forget how much of a moron you are.”

“You are too.” He pinches one of Suguru’s nipples, not particularly hard, but hard enough, and Suguru yelps. Satoru cackles like it’s the funniest thing in the world. At least he’s feeling better enough to be a bastard.

Suguru tugs at his hair in revenge and shakes his head, but Satoru keeps laughing. “I can’t believe we’re friends. Go to sleep, asshole.”

“You first.”

 

Satoru had tried to insist on going to work when they woke up again, and went about his morning routine, but Suguru managed to talk him down. Even though it wasn’t the city, he’d have to be around a lot of people. A lot more than he’s used to now, and it might wear him down really fast. And with the meeting with the Higher-Ups later, they couldn’t afford that. And Satoru had to admit, Suguru did have a point. Recovery didn’t happen overnight.

Begrudgingly, Satoru had agreed, and they’d kept themselves occupied until it was time to go over to the school for lunch. Walking up to the school with armfuls of food, Satoru was once again very glad that Suguru had stayed. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to carry all of this food with him in one trip.

When they arrive in front of the school, the trio of kids and Shoko are waiting for them. “You’re late,” Kugisaki says at both of them.

“We got stuck in traffic,” Satoru says with a wave, and both of them know it’s a lie. Satoru got distracted and dragged them to a nice little park near his apartment before they headed to the school. Though to be fair, Suguru hadn’t exactly tried to stop him. Satoru claps his hands. “Let’s go, shall we?”

 

They find a nice room in the school to eat in and spread out the food. It’s chaos almost immediately, and the sight makes Satoru smile. His students are banged up, but right now, they’re having a good time. Still, there’s that itch at the back of his mind. There’s a tension in the air. Secrets being kept from him.

“You sure you don’t want to tell me what’s happened in my absence?” Satoru leans over and asks Suguru in a low voice, still watching the three first years fight over some dumplings. He can’t help but think of the missing faces.

“You say that like I know everything that’s happened during your absence,” Suguru murmurs back. “I have puzzle pieces. I don’t know how they fit together though, or how big the puzzle is.”

Satoru sighs. “Fair enough.”

Shoko wanders over with a plate full of something fried that Satoru doesn’t recognize. “What’re you two old ladies gossiping about?”

“Oh, nothing in particular. Let’s go sit down.”

It takes a bit of organizing, but they manage to get settled around the table— Satoru and Suguru next to each other, with Shoko on the end near Suguru. Megumi ended up across from Suguru, much to his displeasure, with Yuuji next to him and Nobara on the end.

And he has to admit, Suguru was right. It’s been ten minutes, and the room full of teenagers all yelling at each other (or more accurately, Nobara and Yuuji yelling at each other and Megumi intervening occasionally) is a lot. Not painful, but an entire day of it might have been a bit more than his senses could handle just yet.

Suguru seems a bit more settled though, at least with the others. He doesn’t only talk to Satoru for one thing. A lot of the time, he talks to Shoko, who tells him the grossest stories that she can think of. Suguru, in return, tells her the story of Satoru’s disgusting fridge that they had to clean out. Notably, he doesn’t talk with the students though. It’s an odd sort of dynamic. Satoru talks with both Suguru and Shoko and the students, but the two groups don’t talk to each other. Shoko does, but she mostly seems interested in talking to Suguru.

“It still smells like French vanilla, but at least it doesn’t smell like mold,” Suguru says at one point.

Shoko whistles. “Yeah, I didn’t even think of that. I knew his apartment would be empty for a while, but damn, all that food. Gone.”

Nobara and Yuuji are the loudest ones, telling Satoru all the things that he missed. Well, not all the things. He notices that they purposefully steer around anything other than stupid, everyday stuff, like that time Yuuji got lost in the school and they found him hours later going in circles, or the time Nobara yelled at a woman for ogling her eyepatch.

“You should’ve seen her face, as soon as I started yelling at her she looked like she’d seen a ghost or something,” Nobara says triumphantly.

Satoru smiles. It’s a good thing she’s taking this in stride, he can’t imagine it’s an easy thing to deal with. Hopefully, most of that bluster is genuine. “It does make you look scarier, upside I guess.”

Nobara brightens up. “Really?”

“For sure!” Nobara grins at him just as Yuuji snaps his fingers.

“You can get different colored eye patches too! Like, a red one and maybe a patterned one,” he says. “Accessorize it or something. Maybe they have a shop in town.”

“Oh, I didn’t think of that.”

Megumi however, is quiet. He listens to their stories and answers questions when asked, but he seems more concerned with watching Suguru. Like he’s measuring him up. Satoru wonders what kind of conclusion he’ll come to when he’s done. Will he try to fight Suguru again? He hopes not. He’s not in the mood to break a fight up. Realistically, it wouldn’t be a real fight because Suguru promised not to hurt any of the students, but still.

At one point, Satoru puts extra food on Suguru’s plate, and Suguru gives him a wry smile. Megumi stares at the action, and at Suguru, but Suguru ignores it.

“What? You didn’t eat breakfast this morning,” Satoru says, reaching for the ketchup packets.

“I didn’t say anything.”

Just then, Yuuji points at Suguru with a mouthful of food. Suguru stares back at him, slightly startled. “Oh!” he says after he finally swallows. “I just remembered. Shoko told me that you have a dragon! I want to see it.”

Suguru looks at Shoko, who shrugs. “The kids had questions. Who am I to deny them?”

Yuuji leans forward. “So do you have a dragon?” He looks at Satoru. “Does he have a dragon? Have you seen it?”

“Do you still have that thing?” he asks Suguru, which makes Yuuji’s eyes widen.

Suguru stares at him, then snorts. “No, Satoru. Fushiguro killed it, remember?”

Megumi glares at him. “No I fucking didn’t.”

Suguru gives him a “really?” look. “Not you. Your wart of a father.”

“Oh, right!” Satoru shakes his head. “I forgot about that. Damn, that thing was cool. That’s too bad.”

“I did like that thing,” Suguru says, shrugging. “Oh well.”

“What else do you have though?” Yuuji asks, and Suguru looks up at him with slightly raised eyebrows, apparently surprised Yuuji is still talking to him. Satoru smiles to himself. Well, if anyone could bridge the gap, it’s Yuuji. “You’re a curse manipulator, right? That means you have lots of curses, like Megumi.” He bumps Megumi for emphasis.

Megumi shakes his head and reaches for his drink. “Don’t lump me in with him.”

“Yep,” Suguru says, popping the ‘p’. “Lousy with curses.”

“Can I see?” Yuuji asks, putting down his food with wide eyes.

Suguru blinks at him, then laughs. Megumi narrows his eyes at him in warning, but then Suguru smiles. Satoru wonders if he keeps giving Yuuji that suspicious look because he’s used to being treated as dangerous, and Yuuji doesn’t seem to treat him as dangerous. Then again, Yuuji doesn’t really have a stellar sense of danger. “Yeah, sure kid.”

Suguru pops his knuckles and then traces a line through the air. Behind his finger, a decent sized fish materializes in the air like smoke. Instead of flopping down though, it swims through the air over their heads, scales shining under the artificial light. It snaps at the lamps, and flashes needle-sharp teeth. Satoru doesn’t recognize it.

The kids stare at the fish with wide eyes, Shoko just rolls her eyes though, used to them showing off.. Even Megumi watches the fish’s progress around the room until it vanishes as neatly as it appeared. Nobara whistles and goes back to her food, and Megumi shakes himself and does the same, but Yuuji looks absolutely delighted.

“That was so cool!” Yuuji says, pumping his fist. “Do you have bigger ones?”

“That was a small one,” Suguru says casually, which makes Shoko snicker next to him. He shoots her a glare. “I’d show you one of the bigger ones, but it’d probably knock the food over. Some other time.”

“Some of them could fill this room,” Satoru chimes in proudly.

“Can you summon a dragon?” Yuuji asks Megumi, who glares at him.

“Of course not,” Megumi snaps. “Why would I need a dragon? Besides, I’d have to tame it and that sounds like a pain.”

“Was it hard to tame it?” Yuuju asks Suguru.

“I didn’t tame it. I don’t have to tame it, I’m not a shikigami-user,” Suguru says, popping a chunk of rib meat into his mouth. “I conquer them, to put it simply.”

Nobara leans forward with a mouthful of food, suddenly interested in their conversation. “Conquer them? Like, beat ‘em in a fight?”

“Sorta. I usually swallow the curses.”

Satoru doesn’t fight the gleeful smile that spreads across his face when Megumi, who had been pretending not to listen, and Nobara look absolutely grossed out by this and put down the pieces of food they’d been eating. Yuuji doesn’t though, which makes sense given how many corpse fingers he’s eaten.

“How does it taste?” Yuuji asks, an unreadable expression on his face. Maybe anticipation. “Gross?”

Suguru narrows his eyes at him, slightly confused, so Satoru nudges him. Suguru glances over at him, one eyebrow arched. “He eats Sukuna’s fingers.”

“Oh. Makes sense, I guess,” Suguru murmurs. “Yeah, it tastes gross, but it’s hard to describe. Like rotten vomit, I guess.” He says this all flatly and in an uninterested manner, like he’d rather change the subject, but Yuuji doesn’t seem to notice this.

“I know, right? They taste so gross.” Yuuji wrinkles his nose and reaches for the rice. “I don’t really mind gross things but still, the texture is the worst. I try to swallow them fast so I don’t notice, but blech. Not something easy to get used to,” he says with a chuckle. “I don’t think I’ve met anyone who knows what that taste is like, that’s neat.”

Suguru stares at him, slightly bewildered, as if he’s seeing Yuuji for the first time. “Yeah. Me neither.”

 

Suguru is wondering when the buzzing will get to a breaking point. Satoru has to have noticed that he’s eaten barely anything he has on his plate. He’s trying, but he can’t bring himself to. Nausea keeps ripping through him in waves, along with dark memories he’s not sure are real or fake anymore. He wants it to stop. It’s getting harder to hide.

His vision keeps spotting too, and once in a while his leg will jolt against his will. He’s slipping, and it’s not like the other times. Suguru can feel the imposter’s rage and impatience on his tongue like sand on his skin and down his throat. The stitches are throbbing like hot needles are being pushed into his skin.

Conversation keeps buzzing around him. A few minutes ago, he was able to ignore the other’s needling but now…. He’s pretty sure that Shoko is telling him some story about a house call she made, but he can’t understand anything she’s saying to him. All he can do is nod and hope she thinks he’s listening.

Terror starts to creep into his chest and squeeze his lungs like a vice, making it hard to breathe. That’s the point that makes him think: what if I can’t hold on this time? What if it was always a matter of time?

And then what, death again? Or will he be back in that limbo, unable to do anything but watch and struggle. Maybe the imposter will take control just long enough to hurt the students. Then Satoru would never forgive him and he’ll truly have lost everything, is that what it wants? Or maybe it’ll just kill Satoru.

Or trap him again. Suguru can’t let that happen. Satoru insists he’s doing better, but sometimes he’ll catch him staring at nothing and his eyes are just dead. And the nightmares.

He puts down his chopsticks in the end, and that catches Satoru’s attention. His hand his on Suguru’s shoulder in an instant, silently asking if anything is wrong. Suguru doesn’t want to bother him, so he shakes his head.

He feels so tired and it’s all so pointless. What’s the point in fighting? What is he even fighting so hard for?

Anger surges in him that’s entirely his own, and it’s almost soothing. To be angry. It’s not enough to stop everything though, it still feels like watching a car wreck in slow motion.

He digs his nails into his palm, hoping that the pain will ground him, but it doesn’t. It’s like holding onto sand.

His heart is threatening to pound out of his chest at this point, and he realizes he’s terrified of losing his footing.

Then he does.

The suffocating pressure comes back and it’s like being right back at the start, when he was fighting so hard to surface and losing. When he almost killed Satoru. It could happen again. Suguru’s hand starts moving on its own, and he can feel the technique readying.

No. No. Not here, not now, not ever. What did he do last time? How did he even pull this off in the first place? He’s lost the eyes. He can’t even see where his hand is going, but he can still barely feel the pressure of Satoru sitting next to him. His memory is failing him though, he can’t remember.

Satoru. He freed him without taking full control, how did he do that? The hands. The hands. One part at a time. He can feel his technique start going and Satoru twitches by his side, probably sensing it and how Suguru isn’t the one in control anymore.

Suguru summons all of his fear and anger and pours it into the hand starting to rise above the table. And clamps it down. He can’t even feel where he is anymore so he hopes and prays that he got it right. Just the hand. That’s all that he has control over now, he’s not saying anything though, thank fuck.

He can’t hear anything, see anything, or feel anything, but he can sort of sense his center of balance shift. Maybe Satoru is taking him out of the room. Good. He doesn’t want them to see.

 

Satoru could kick himself. He should have noticed when Suguru got quiet and stopped answering questions, even though he said he was fine. Well, didn’t say. He knew that Suguru wouldn’t like him asking about it in front of the kids. He’d started swaying and that’s when the kids noticed something was off.

“Hey, what’s your problem?” Megumi asks Suguru, who’s hazily staring at the untouched food on his plate. He doesn’t respond, or even acknowledge that he’s heard Megumi. Megumi looks to Satoru, and nods to Suguru. “Is Getou…?”

“He’ll be fine,” Satoru says, despite Shoko’s doubtful look coming from the side. She’s right, but he doubts that Suguru would want him making a big deal of it in front of other people. “Don’t worry about him.” Megumi doesn’t look satisfied with this answer.

If Suguru wanted help, or needed it, he’d ask. He has to trust Suguru for this to work, as much as he hates the helpless feeling.

It got to the point where he could feel how hollow Suguru’s presence was, and he could see the subtle shifts that spelled trouble. Fear itched under Satoru’s skin. It couldn’t be. Not here, not now. There’s no way that Suguru is just gone, all over again, without any sort of warning or fanfare. Right in the middle of lunch. But he could see the cursed energy starting to gather under the table.

The itch of fear turns into cold dread, and he can’t help but flashback to that first time he saw the imposter puppeting Suguru’s body. How wrong it felt to see that. It can’t be back to that. They were doing good, they were getting better. Things couldn’t just happen like that. Not without so much as a shout. There’s no way that Suguru would just let himself get snuffed out so quietly, without so much as asking Satoru for help. It wasn’t fair.

Or did Satoru let it happen? Satoru grips his fork so tightly it cuts into his skin to keep himself grounded. No. No, Suguru had promised to fight. The thought feels like a child’s denial of the dark as they hid their face under the sheets with a flashlight though.

Then Suguru’s hand clamps down on his thigh. Honestly, it’s just barely a grip. His hand is weak and shaking, but it’s there.

The relief Satoru feels is ridiculous, because they’re not out of the woods yet. Satoru is on his feet in an instant, pulling Suguru to his feet when his legs won’t work.

Megumi stares at Suguru warily. “It’s happening again, isn’t it?”

“If you’re worried about him hurting you, don’t. He can barely walk, nevermind attack,” Satoru says quickly, adjusting his grip on Suguru. Suguru’s hand tries to come up to grab him, but it ends up falling against his side. He can’t support his own weight, but his limps will try to tug out of Satoru’s grip once in a while. Satoru holds him steady on his feet all the same.

“I wasn’t worried about that,” Megumi grumbles, and Satoru wishes he had time to ask about that.

“Is he gonna die?” Yuuji asks, staring at Suguru.

“Shoko?” Satoru says, already moving Suguru towards the door.

“On it,” Shoko says, waving them out. Satoru half walks, half carries Suguru out of the room and outside onto a sort of sheltered terrace Satoru vaguely recognizes. It’s empty though, thank fuck. He only kicks the door closed at the last minute.

“Suguru? Suguru, can you hear me?”

Suguru doesn’t make any sort of response, he just slumps against Satoru, hands gripping him hard enough that his nails dig into his skin, cursed energy sharp enough to cut.

 

“What the fuck was that?” Nobara asks Shoko as soon as Satoru is out of the room.

Shoko waves her fork in the air. “Suguru’s having an episode.” This doesn’t clear up their confused expressions, so she elaborates. “The dickhead that was puppeting him around is still in his head. Suguru’s got his feet planted, but it’s a constant fight. Sometimes it gets hard, and he slips.”

“Is that something that happens to you?” Megumi nods to the door. “I’ve never seen that with you.”

Yuuji shakes his head, looking slightly worried as he glances to the door. “No, no the changes are quick. Even when they aren’t they’re seamless, I don’t….”

“I don’t see why it has to be such a struggle,” Megumi says casually, reaching for some fries. Mostly, he’s curious. It’s such a strange situation. “If he’s so strong, he should be fighting.”

“Oh believe me, he’s fighting,” Shoko says, clicking her tongue. “But Kenjaku is also fighting. It’s a matter of who comes out on top. It’s the price he pays for freedom.”

“What, like, constantly?” Megumi asks. Shoko nods. “That seems fucking miserable. Wouldn’t be worth it for me.”

Shoko can’t exactly disagree with that. “Maybe not. But it’s better than being a prisoner in your own body, or being something else’s meat puppet.” Nobara wrinkles her nose at the image. “And, well, the other alternative is death, and Suguru’s already been through that.” Shoko shrugs. “Guess it means he really wants to stick around.”

The room falls mostly silent after that, nobody really focused on eating though. Megumi stares thoughtfully at the door. “Well,” Nobara says finally, stabbing a potato. “They’re gonna miss dessert.”

 

Suguru can feel the pressure of Satoru’s body around his, though he can’t feel Satoru. He knows it’s him. Only one person in the world would hold him like this. That’s what he focuses in on— straining and pushing and ignoring the other in his body, throwing all his attention into trying to feel and see and hear and move again.

You fight so hard. You do realize this is never going to end, right? Don’t count on getting rid of me.

Suguru tries to grit his teeth, but he can’t move his jaw. Can the imposter? How much of his mouth can that bastard move now? He’s trying not to listen but it’s so hard. It’s the only thing that he can hear.

The only way that it can end is death. You can only tread water for so long, Suguru. Just come back. You and I both know it’s where you belong.

He’s right. It feels disgusting to admit, but he’s right. It would be better. It was horrible being trapped and kept mute and helpless, but it wasn’t draining like this was.

Belong isn’t a point anyway. What makes you think you should be breathing air out of the two of us? Those girls were murdered for you. And where were you? The grief you feel will never make up for that. It’ll never bring them back.

Suguru wants nothing more than to be nothing in that moment. And it terrifies him. He can feel Satoru trying to hold him up, or maybe at this point, restrain him as his control and the imposter’s ebbs and flows, but it does nothing to dispel that thought. Why isn’t it working?

Because he can’t think of anything but the rest of his life. And that Mimiko and Nanako won’t be there. How he’ll just have to go on. The only thing maybe stopping him is Satoru. How many times will he have lost Suguru if Suguru doesn’t hold on? Three? Four? He can’t do that to him. But all he can think about is having to drag himself through life knowing that the twins died because they asked for him back.

They died asking him for his life back. And now he has it back. He’s walking around, he lives with Satoru, he even got sick. Guilt twists him into knots. What the fuck was he thinking? They died trying get him this, and he was just going to throw it away again? Spit on their memory as well as fail to save them.

You will never be normal, you know that right? Your wounds will bleed and ache for the rest of your life.

They will. And it will hurt. But Suguru can’t do that to the girls. And he can practically taste Satoru’s desperation. Suguru wants to dissolve into nothing, but he fights like a cat that’s been dropped into water. The imposter's poisonous words dissolve into knives that try to gut him and hands all over his body, trying to soothe him and drag him back down. It makes him feel disgusting.

But he knows the way, and he has to get there. For them. For them, he’ll stay. He has to. It’s the only thing he has left to do for them.

At first, it seems endless and useless, and he can’t stop feeling the other’s touch on him (not even his skin but his soul, it was a touch that felt violating in the deepest way possible). Gradually though, he smells flowers on the breeze, and Satoru’s cologne. It’s like slipping into someone else’s suit, but he’s back in his body. It’s such a weird sensation coming back. He never got used to it.

Then he can see Satoru’s jacket pressed against his face. Feel it on his lips. It all comes back, and as soon as he has enough to move again, he straightens up and hugs Satoru tightly, his face tucked in his neck. He can feel his pulse this way. Satoru’s alive. He’s fine. Suguru didn’t hurt him.

“Suguru?” Satoru asks. There’s a tight edge to his voice, like he’s still anticipating Suguru not being the one to answer.

Suguru nods against his shoulder, trying to focus on anything that isn’t the sharp pain in his head and the nauseating feeling of rage that doesn’t belong to him. Satoru hugs him tightly when he responds, head tipping against his own. “That one was worse than the others,” he murmurs after a long stretch of time. “I almost didn’t come back.”

“Why did you come back then?”

Suguru snorts. “I found a reason to.” He picks his head up and faces Satoru. The blindfold is covering them, of course. He wishes that it weren’t, he wants to see what his expression really looks like. “I think I can do this. I really think I can do this. I honestly wasn’t sure if I could hold on before. I wanted to, but…. You know.” Satoru nods, and Suguru knows that he does understand now. “But I can stay. Because Mimiko and Nanako’s dying wish was for me to be standing here again, and I am. For them, I can live. It’s the only thing I can do for them, so I will. That probably sounds pathetic, but…. I think I can do it now.”

“I don’t think it sounds pathetic,” Satoru says, shaking his head. “I think that’s a damn good reason. Wanting to do something and being able to… those are two different things.” Suguru nods, and again, wishes for a coma. He’s tired, but they’re still in the middle of lunch. “You should’ve told me earlier.”

Suguru sighs, because Satoru is right. “I know, I know. I didn’t want your students to kick up a fuss though. I can imagine what Fushiguro would do. ‘Get behind me guys! He’s going nuts! I’ll kill you, foul demon!’” he says, mimicking Fushiguro’s voice.

Satoru snickers, but says, “He’s not that bad. He’s a good kid, I think he just doesn’t like new people. He hated Itadori when he first came here. And well, you’re Suguru Getou, infamous curse user.”

“Mmm, always wanted to be infamous,” Suguru says drily. Satoru hasn’t let him go yet. He does that after Suguru slips, he’s noticed. He’s very reluctant to let Suguru go. In general, he’s a very touchy person with Suguru, but especially so after. Suguru tilts his head, and their noses brush together. “You know, I’m not going to evaporate.”

“Of course you’re not,” Satoru says, voice light again. “I wouldn’t let you. You’re stuck with me Suguru, you don’t get a say in the matter.”

“Still.” Suguru shrugs. Their foreheads brush together. He can feel the soft texture of Satoru’s blindfold. They really shouldn’t be standing this close together. It’s awkward to look Satoru in the eyes at this distance, and far easier to just look at his lips. They look soft, and he can’t help but wonder what his mouth tastes like. It’s a dangerous position. Satoru may care about him, but it’s just different for Suguru. If he brought it up to Suguru, he wouldn’t understand why the distance makes his heart twist around.

And besides, it would ruin everything Suguru has managed to hold onto. Because Satoru is the only thing he managed to hold onto. If Satoru finds out what their touches really means to him, it would ruin everything. He imagines Satoru’s face when he finds out on the bad days. Sometimes it’s anger, sometimes it’s disgust, sometimes it’s just awkward. Those are the worst ones. “ I feel like roadkill, you know?” Suguru continues on. “I’ll take the shitty though, because there’s also good.”

“Am I the good?” Satoru asks teasingly, grinning.

Suguru laughs despite himself. “Sure. Whatever floats your boat, dumbass.” He squeezes Satoru around the waist, which is a big mistake. It ends up pulling Satoru in closer to him.

Satoru’s lips brush against his. The warm brush of contact snaps something in Suguru’s already worn down mind. All he wants is to be close to him. He’s ached for that contact, the comfort of being wanted in return the way that he wants, that it sets something off in him. And a promise. He’s going to live on, for the twins. For Satoru. And eventually, when he can muster it, himself.

Suguru’s moving back to Satoru before he can think about it. One light kiss isn’t enough for him. He presses their lips together in a clumsy kiss that settles into a kiss that makes the last bits of tension go out of his shoulders. It feels so good, to have Satoru’s mouth pressed against his, feel the way that Satoru is kissing him. He’d missed that, even if it had always been fake. He hadn’t realized how starving for this he had been, but how many times had he wanted to kiss Satoru since his return? It’s a relief to be able to, at least.

Then they’re drifting back apart, and Satoru is staring at him, alarmed. Suguru probably looks about the same way.

 

Shit. He hadn’t meant to do that. All he’d done was drift a bit too close, and then things just spiraled out of control from there. He couldn’t help but kiss him. There’s no way that Satoru can play that off as just a joke or practice the way he would when they were in school. Suguru isn’t stupid. There’s no way he didn’t feel how badly Satoru had been aching for that kiss, or how genuine it had been for him.

He stares at Suguru, mind whirring, trying to think of something to say. But his mind is failing him. His hand drifts idly to his mouth, tracing where Suguru’s lips were just seconds ago. A loud part of him doesn’t want to play it off, but that part is stupid.

Then it’s too late for him to think of the right thing to say. Suguru notices his hand moving up to his mouth and his face twitches into a grimace, but there’s fear in his eyes. He breaks eye contact with Satoru and moves away. “I’m sorry, that was stupid of me. I shouldn’t have done that. Got caught up in the moment. Just forget it happened, all right?”

“What?!” Satoru straightened up, and Suguru backed away more. “No way, what are you talking about?”

“Look, just forget it all right?” Suguru says again, and there’s more of an edge to his voice. “I don’t wanna ruin this. You’re all I have left, I don’t wanna lose you too. Just forget it.”

Satoru makes a noise of irritation and tugs Suguru back. Suguru starts to protest, but Satoru cuts him off. “Do you have any idea what you’re asking? There’s no way I’m forgetting that, no matter how much you ask, Suguru, I don’t care how selfish it is.”

Suguru stares at him like he has two heads. He still looks like he wants to pull away. “Huh?”

“You know, you’re kinda slow someti— Shit, someone’s coming. This isn’t over,” he whispers quickly to Suguru, stepping away just as Nobara comes rushing onto the terrace.

“Shoko sent me to check up on you guys. We started serving the cake. You don’t look like you’re dying anymore,” Nobara notes, looking at Suguru, who looks slightly dazed.

“I’m not,” he confirms.

Nobara squints at them. “You two are acting weird. What were you even doing out here? He looks fine.”

“Nothing,” they both say at the same time.

Nobara makes a face. “Oh God, you guys weren’t making out, were you?”

“No,” Suguru says sharply, clearly a bit shocked by her forwardness, just as Satoru says, “No, why would you think that?” Both of them, lying out of their asses.

Nobara stares at Satoru as if she’s wondering whether that was a trick question. “Because… you were alone. And you’re dating. And now you’re acting all squirrelly.”

Suguru raises his eyebrows. “Your students are bold, Satoru.”

“What? Everybody knows it,” Nobara says, crossing her arms over her chest.

 

“No way. Hold on.” Satoru grabs Suguru, who grumbles under his breath, and tugs him back into the dining room, where all the others are. Nobara peers in after them, curious. “How many of you think that we’re dating?”

 

Shoko starts laughing into her cake as Megumi and Yuuji look at each other, confused. Then they both raise their hands. Shoko doesn’t, and the other two stare at her for this. “Oh, I know they’re not dating. That’s the entire problem,” she says, jabbing her fork at Suguru and Satoru. Satoru silently wills her to shut up. “They’re just friends.”

That makes all three of Satoru’s students erupt into shouts.

 

“I don’t know why you’re all so surprised,” Suguru says in between bites of chocolate cake. “We’ve been friends for years. All three of us. Of course we’re close.”

“Oh, definitely close. Close enough to stare lovingly into each other's eyes over lunch,” Shoko mutters from beside him. Suguru kicks her under the table, and starts snickering under her breath.

“Oh, shut up,” Satoru says dismissively, and Shoko laughs harder. “We’re best friends, nothing else. I don’t know where you guys got that idea.” He feels like a hypocrite saying this minutes after kissing Suguru right on the mouth, but there’s no way he’s admitting that in front of his students and Shoko. He has to talk to Suguru.

Shoko rolls her eyes and stabs a piece of cake. “I hate you two.”

“That’s such bullshit. You live together!” Kugisaki yells, gesturing wildly. “Gojo, come on. How are we not supposed to think that you guys were just friends?”

“You sleep on each other,” Megumi adds. “And you’re touchy as hell.”

“You’re clearly very protective of one another,” Yuuji adds, gesturing with his fork. There’s a small glob of frosting on his face. “And there was that whole backstory, I dunno. It made sense to me.”

“You sleep in the same bed,” Shoko adds, not looking up from her food.

All three of the first years heads swivel to stare at her, and Satoru holds back a sigh. Megumi is the first to break the silence. “You live together and you sleep in the same bed? And you’re telling me it’s weird that we thought you two were together. Come on, Gojo.”

“He has a fair point, Satoru,” Suguru says begrudgingly, scraping the frosting off of a bit of cake and putting it on Satoru’s plate. “I have to admit.”

“Thank you,” Megumi says, exasperated. “Finally, someone seeing some fucking reason.”

“As glad as I am you two agree on something,” Satoru begins. “But whose side are you on, Suguru?” Suguru starts to answer, but Megumi cuts him off.

“Because he’s the only one admitting that this whole,” Megumi makes a vague gesture. “Thing you guys have going on is a bit of a stretch to call friendship. You can’t just ‘no homo’ your way out of this, what’re you, twelve?”

“To be fair,” Suguru begins, looking at Satoru, who’s gathering the frosting Suguru gave him onto his fork. “Not many best friends live together and share a bed. Then again, not many best friends have their best friend come back from the dead, very injured, with no other place to go, and no money or papers to get some place to stay.”

Megumi stares at Suguru for a long pause, as if deciding whether to ignore him or not, then sighs. “Your situation is unusual, fine. Doesn’t make it less reasonable.”

Suguru rolls his eyes, while Nobara and Yuuji go back and forth, but Satoru is quiet, for once, stuck in his thoughts. He can’t stop playing Suguru’s words in his head over and over. Just forget it, all right? Thinking about it made his chest tighten, and it’s bringing back old regrets he’d gotten good at forcing himself not to think about.

Satoru had never loved anyone the way that he loves Suguru, and he doubts he ever will again. And he never got to tell him.

In the beginning, in the aftermath of everything, it was easy to make excuses. It was useless to confess unrequited feelings. Right person, wrong time. Wrong time, wrong person. There were plenty of fish in the sea. None of it stopped him from realizing that he’d been a fucking coward, and he was never going to get the opportunity to tell Suguru he loved him ever again. The secret would die with him, and it would be like he’d never loved him at all. He hated that feeling.

And now it was back. Suguru would pretend it had never happened, he just knew it. Or he’d just play it off as a joke, or an accident. But Satoru felt the way that he kissed him. Maybe it was just hope, but he hadn’t kissed him like it was an accident. Before, he wouldn’t have brought it up. He would have just let it go, and the kiss would become an awkward memory, like all their other kisses. But now, he couldn’t shake that gnawing, nauseating terror. That he’d never get to tell Suguru how much he loved him. And then Suguru would be gone again, and he’d have been too much of a fucking coward to do anything but hide his feelings away.

That was worse than the fear of being rejected by Suguru and ruining their relationship forever. He wouldn’t let that happen. He’d lost Suguru time and time again, and he’d had enough. So he made up his mind to bring it up as soon as they were alone.
Notes:

    Things have finally come to a head for Satoru and Suguru, they can't just dodge around each other after this! They finally kissed though, that's something. I honestly almost forgot that Toji killed Suguru's dragon, then I remembered that he did while I was editing. Oh well! Point is, Suguru is here to stay, even though it won't be easy :)

Chapter 9: Confrontation
Summary:

    Everything comes to a head between Gojo and Getou.

Notes:

    This chapter has a sex scene later on, fair warning if that's not your thing. It's nothing too graphic, but you know, character development and they just plain deserve it after everything they've been through. Enjoy!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

When they manage to get everything from the meal cleaned up, Satoru gets a call from Ijichi and has to step away, to Suguru’s partial relief and Satoru’s annoyance. He’d been trying to get him alone since lunch ended, and he’d almost succeeded a couple of times but Suguru managed to dodge him each time. And now, he’s out to take a call. If they finish clean-up fast enough, he’ll be able to shove them out the door before Satoru can get a word in about that stupid kiss. 

 

When he thinks of it, he wants to crumble to nothing and make the other erase the memories, but it also makes him feel frustratingly warm inside. It’s dangerously tempting to think that Satoru had kissed him like he wanted him.

 

 But it also means that he’s left alone with the first years. Shoko left as soon as the meal ended to get out of doing anything but disposing of her plate.

 

Suguru decides to focus on packing up the rest of the leftovers, to avoid awkwardness, but Fushiguro sidles up next to him. “Hello, Fushiguro.” He straightens up and looks down at Fushiguro, who has his arms crossed over his chest sullenly. The other two are standing behind him, looking between him and Fushiguro as if they’re waiting for a fight. Suguru has to wonder whether they put him up to this or whether they’re just curious too.

 

“I don’t like you,” Fushiguro says flatly.

 

Itadori steps forward. “Megumi, this isn’t—

 

Fushiguro waves him off. “Let me do this.”

 

“If you start another fight, Gojo’s gonna be mad,” Kugisaki says, still holding a plate of cake. She’d finished her first, but there had been leftovers so she took a second one. Suguru is slightly jealous that she has such an appetite, his own has not been quick in bouncing back.

 

“I’m not,” Fushiguro says, sounding exasperated, then turns back to Suguru expectantly for an answer. What kind of answer, Suguru isn’t sure of. 

 

Suguru snorts. “I would say that the feeling is mutual, but you’re fourteen and I don’t know anything about you.”

 

“ Fifteen.”

 

Suguru shrugs. “I was close. All you teenagers look the same age.”

 

Fushiguro makes a visible effort to not snap at him. “Well. I’m Megumi Fushiguro. Gojo is my legal guardian, has been since around when he killed my father. More or less. I know that you’re a Special Grade, and one of the most dangerous curse users alive, and you’re suddenly showing up in Gojo’s life. Understand?”

 

Suguru gives him an amused smile, recognizing the statement for both the threat and accusation it was. Framed that way, he can understand their suspicion. They don’t know the situation, and it doesn’t help that Satoru tends to be a private person. Satoru and Fushiguro’s situation sort of reminds him of Mimiko and Nanako. “Are you asking me whether I’m a traitor that’s going to betray your teacher? Or whether I’m a terrorist or something?”

 

“Do I have to?” Fushiguro says, scowling. “I just want to know whether you care about him as much as he cares about you. No ‘we’re just friends’ bullshit. Just answer the question. Are you serious about this, or is this just a game to you?”

 

Suguru weighs over not taking him seriously or answering him genuinely. “It’s admirable how much you care about Satoru. Do you think of him as a father figure?” Fushiguro scowls at him, clearly annoyed and getting impatient. “Fine, fine.” Suguru sighs. “Yes. I do. I made promises to him, and I intend to keep them. It’s far from a game to me.”

 

Fushiguro narrows his eyes at him and stares him down, and the other two behind him stare too, but in a less aggressive way. They don’t seem as nervous, as if Suguru’s answer has put them slightly more at ease. Finally, Fushiguro sighs. “Hmph. Fine then. But I swear, I will not tolerate a betrayal. You’re still a curse user. Step out of line and you’re gone.”

 

Suguru blinks at him, then bursts out laughing. Kugisaki raises an eyebrow at him. “What’s so funny?” Itadori asks, confused.

 

“Yeah,” Fushiguro says testily. “What’s so funny?”

 

Suguru waves him off, still laughing. “Do you realize what situation I’m in? I have no allies. No prospects. My daughters are dead. I’m not even alone in my own body. Without Satoru and Shoko, I wouldn’t even be alive, regardless of how hard I fought for control. Without Satoru, I would be homeless. I’ve lost a shit ton, some at my own hands. Why would I throw away what little I have left? Why would I betray him? And for what? I’m not suicidal anymore. I want to stay. And Satoru wants me to stay too.”

 

Fushiguro and the others seem slightly surprised at this, but Fushiguro seems satisfied. “You really hate my father. Why?”

 

“Why do you ask?” It’s an odd relationship that Fushiguro and Satoru have, now that he’s thinking of it. Satoru kills his father and then becomes his new one, in a way. A very unconventional guardianship. “Does it bother you?”

 

“No,” Fushiguro says, and Suguru believes him. “I don’t give a shit about him. Just curious why you hate him. Because I don’t know you.”

 

“Huh. Fair enough, I guess,” Suguru mutters, then brushes a stray strand of hair out of his eyes. “Well, he tried to kill me and Satoru once. Obnoxious man. It’s not important, it was a long time ago,” Suguru says with a shrug. The man’s like a cockroach. The last time he comes up in conversation again will have been too soon. “Do we have to keep talking about him? He’s dead, I don’t have to deal with him anymore.”

 

“Hm. Agreed.” Fushiguro seems satisfied with the answer, but then he scowls again. “Look. I don’t know about the others, but I don’t like you. But… I don’t think you’re going anywhere, and it’d be stupid to think otherwise. And I want you to show me how you fight, for real. 

 

“We were gonna go train after this,” Itadori offers, coming around to stand next to Fushiguro. “You could come.” 

 

“Hm.” Suguru mulls it over, wondering how much time they have before the meeting with the Higher-Ups, and whether Satoru will need to rest before then. If he will.

 

“For the record, I don’t trust you but you seem like an interesting person,” Kugisaki says, still working on her cake. “Crazy enough for this shit, I think Gojo would say. And I want to see what makes you Special Grade, come to training.”

 

Eh. Might as well try to get along with the little nightmares, even if this olive branch is because they want to make the monkey dance. It might make Satoru happy. “Huh. I’ll go get Satoru.”





Ijichi calls as soon as they manage to step outside and away from the kids, and Satoru swears under his breath. He answers the call with a vindictive jab of his thumb on the screen. “‘Sup?”

 

“The Higher-Ups rescheduled,” Ijichi says, sounding flustered. “They’re not happy.”

 

Ah, right. The meeting. He’d forgotten about that. Well, good thing anyway. He couldn’t afford to give Suguru an opening to just sweep all this under the rug again, and the meeting or hearing or whatever would definitely provide that opening. “Fine, fine. When are they rescheduling to? You told them I’m bringing Suguru, right?”

 

“Yes, yes, and they weren’t happy,” Ijichi says, then sighs. He sounds like he needs a vacation. “Tomorrow. They’re still working out the details so I’ll send them to you when I have them.”

 

“Cool.” He hangs up, just as Suguru comes out. “Where are the kids?”

 

“Going to training. They asked me if we wanted to stay for a bit longer and train with them. I think it could be—”

 

“Nope,” Satoru says quickly, and Suguru frowns, looking uneasy and suspicious.

 

“You’re the one that said I should try to get along with your students,” Suguru says, trying to sound casual and indifferent. He’s not. He’s trying to avoid being alone with him, and they both know it. Now, it comes down to who’s better at getting what they want. 

 

“Did I?” Suguru opens his mouth to say something else, so Satoru says, “I’m tired. I want to go home. Unless you want to stay here by yourself? I could arrange a car to drive you back to our apartment.” He crosses his arms over his chest, and Suguru gives him a withering look, clearly detecting the line drawn in the sand.

 

“Fine,” Suguru says sharply, clearly starting to get annoyed. Good. That means he’s closer to snapping at him, and then they’ll be getting somewhere. “Let’s go home. But we better go back to let them kno—”

 

“I’m sure they’ll understand.” Satoru grabs Suguru around the waist, ignoring the indignant squeak, and teleports them back home. 




Suguru pulls out of Satoru’s grip as soon as the apartment is back in view and walks away from him as fast as can be considered casual. “I’m taking a shower. I feel dirty.” Satoru teleports in front of him, arms crossed. Suguru glares at him. “ Move,” he hisses, hoping that Satoru doesn’t detect the fear laced in it. Satoru can be damn stubborn when he wants to me, and right now, he apparently wants to be. 

 

“Make me,” Satoru says testily. Suguru scoffs and ducks past him, and to his surprise, doesn’t get stopped by Satoru. He just lets him pass. The vice around Suguru’s chest loosens somewhat. Home free. Maybe this will work. He’ll shower for a while, and then go to bed. From there, he’ll just have to pretend to be asleep if Satoru tries to talk to him. Suguru can’t let that happen.

 

“Are you really just going to pretend nothing happened?”

 

For a moment, Satoru’s tone stops him in his tracks. Not angry, or stern, or teasing, like it’s all just a big joke. Something else. He forces himself to not identify it and barrels onward. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” Before Satoru can say anything else, he ducks into the bathroom and locks the door behind him. 

 

Satoru is standing in front of the shower when he turns around. Suguru jumps and slams backwards into the door, and shouts in surprise, “Mother fucker!” He runs his hands over his face as his heart slowly stops trying to slam out of his chest. “Why did you do that?” he snaps.

 

“You promised that you would work with me,” Satoru insists, completely ignoring Suguru and stepping forward. It’s not a small bathroom, but right now, it feels too small. “That if there was a problem, we would work it out. You promised, Suguru.”

 

“And I told you to forget about it,” Suguru says sharply, reaching for the door knob again.

 

He starts to open it, but Satoru just steps into Suguru’s space and closes it again with one hand next to Suguru’s head. “If you leave, I’ll just follow you. You’re not getting out of this. And I’m not forgetting, I don’t care how many times you ask me.”

 

“Why?” Suguru snaps, and slightly regrets it when Satoru winces. He never does that. Not when anyone else yells at him, at least. Why? “What the hell do you want me to say? It was nothing. Just let it go. Now move, I need to shower.”

 

“Then shower,” Satoru snaps back, crossing his arms. “I bathed you once. I’ve seen you naked. I don’t care. I’m not leaving until you admit that we kissed.” He jabs Suguru in the chest.

 

“Yes, fine!” Suguru says, throwing his hands up and shoving past Satoru, face burning slightly at the memory of Satoru bathing his rubbery body when he barely had the strength to move his arms right. What the hell had he done to deserve that. What is he doing to deserve that now? Kissing him and then yelling at him about it. Ruining it once, and then salting the ground to be sure. He aggressively unbuttons his jacket, now more than ever wishing for the more comfortable, traditional clothing that he’s used to. Shit, is he ruining this? Is this the argument that makes them split apart again? Suguru doesn’t want to be homeless. And he doesn’t want to lose Satoru again, he doesn’t want Satoru to kick him out. But why wouldn’t he after this.

 

No, he can do damage control. He manages to stamp down his emotions enough to say without snapping at him, “We kissed. What does that make, five times now? So what?”

 

“So what? ” Satoru takes a step towards him, but Suguru doesn’t turn around. “Seriously? So fucking what? ”

 

“Seriously,” Suguru mutters, tossing the jacket onto the floor. He doesn’t know what he’s going to do if Satoru doesn’t stop him. It’s a bluff, he doesn’t think he has the guts right now to strip in front of Satoru. Storm out of the bathroom maybe?

 

What he expects is for Satoru to start shouting again, but what he doesn’t expect is for him to say, “Did it really mean nothing to you?”

 

Suguru presses his eyes shut and tries to force himself to stay pissed or at least irritated, but he can’t. Not after his mind fills in the tone in Satoru’s voice before he can help it (he tried not to, but he knows Satoru too well for his own good). Hurt. Not angry or irritated, asking if the kiss meant nothing to him out of hurt. 

 

It doesn’t make a lick of sense to  him, but it doesn’t really matter to him in the moment. Somehow, someway, he hurt Satoru. And well…. Cold fear mixes with the frantic type in the pit of his stomach. The last time he ignored that, it didn’t end well. “It’s… that’s not the point.”

 

Satoru turns him around roughly by the shoulder. He’s taken off his blindfold, and Suguru wishes he hadn’t, because now he can see the hurt and confusion in his eyes, and to a lesser extent, anger, clear as day. It doesn’t make sense, but that doesn’t make it any less there, clear and undeniable. “Then tell me to my face that it meant nothing to you.”




Suguru grimaces and avoids his eyes, which irritates Satoru even more. “Satoru, I don’t know what you want me to say. Why are you making such a big deal out of this? We’ve kissed before, and it never ended up in an argument. It wasn’t a big deal then. What makes this—”

 

“Because after those other kisses you left, and I never got the fucking chance to tell you otherwise because I fucking murdered you Suguru!” he shouts, and Suguru’s shocked into silence, mouth parted slightly. In the back of his mind, he knows how incredibly stupid this is, but he can’t help it, not anymore. It’s been days, maybe even years depending on what you’re counting, of holding his feelings in and now that he’s worked up and yelling about it, he can’t bring himself to stop. “Because I’m a goddamn coward, and maybe I want the chance to fix the biggest mistake I ever fucking made. Is that so wrong, asshole?”

 

By the end, his heart is pounding in his ears and Suguru is staring at him like he’s never seen him before. Satoru hates that he can’t tell whether it’s because he’s shocked or disgusted by him. The bathroom feels way too quiet, all he can do is search Suguru’s expression for some kind of response. He feels pathetic, but it’s fitting. But Suguru doesn’t say anything. He just stares at Satoru, and finally he can’t stand it, so he turns sideways and stares at himself in the mirror. Of course he can’t stand it. No one else besides Suguru can affect him like this, make him desperate for a positive response like this, and he’s not used to it anymore. Getting used to it again, but not quite. Hell, that’s probably why he snapped and started yelling.

 

His reflection doesn’t look angry anymore, it just looks drained and scared. Or maybe tired. Appropriate. 

 

“You’ve always been my weak spot, Suguru, doesn’t matter how strong I get.” He hates how thin his voice sounds, despite how hard he’s trying to sound casual and offhanded now. “Always you. Maybe it’s stupid, but I didn’t stop loving you even after you left for good. I wished I didn’t though, because it hurt like hell, all that love just ended up turning into pain. I loved you before then though, when it just was the three of us against everyone.” He laughs mirthlessly. “ You know, I couldn’t believe it the first time you let me kiss you and play it off as a bro thing or some other shit. Milked that shit for all it was worth because it was all I was ever gonna get. Doesn’t matter anyway I guess, it was cowardly. And it bit me in the ass in the end. It was ten times, by the way, that we kissed. Total.”

 

Satoru shoves his hands in his pockets and fights the urge to teleport away from this conversation. “Thought I had all the time in the damn world to hide that I didn’t fall in love with some random girl like my clan wanted me to, but I know now that that’s not true. And trying to will only lead to trouble.” He idly turns his blindfold over in his pocket, for something else besides this trainwreck of a conversation. “So consider this me fixing my mistake. Doesn’t have to change anything. If it makes you uncomfortable, I’ll pay for your hotel room or some shit, I just…. It’s selfish, honestly. I couldn’t live with the regret if something happened to you and I made the same damn mistake all over again. So there.”

 

“Satoru.”

 

Satoru grimaces and tugs his blindfold out of his pocket to put back on. “What?”

 

Suguru grabs the hand holding his blindfold and forces Satoru back to face him. Satoru, instinctively, tries to minimize things. “Look, I didn’t even mean to say anything, I got worked up and it came out. I don’t wanna hear it, just tell me if you want a hotel—” Suguru makes a noise of irritation and shuts him up by kissing him squarely on the mouth. The sensation of warm lips against his comes back, but this time he’s too surprised to do anything about it. 

 

“That’s the stupidest thing I’ve heard you say,” Suguru says once he lets Satoru go. “I don’t want a hotel room, dumbass. I’m not going anywhere, I told you that, didn’t I?”

 

Satoru frowns in confusion at him. “What the hell does that—”

 

“I’m getting to it, patience,” Suguru says, waving him off. He tugs the blindfold out of Satoru’s hands and pulls it over his head until it’s settled right in place over his eyes. “I never thought I’d have a reason to say this, but I love you too, dumbass. It’s honestly ridiculous to me you think I couldn’t. How could I not? You’re a handful, sure, but….” Suguru sighs. “God help me, I love everything about you. I don’t think a single other person on this earth would have given me the second chance that you did. I said I was going to stay, and I fucking meant it. I keep the promises that I make.”

 

Satoru stares at him, floored. Of all responses, he’d expected an awkward smile and soft rejection at best, not to be kissed and told that the person he loves most loves him too. That he doesn’t have to settle for a lopsided friendship that will never mean to the other what it means to him. His ears ring, because he fantasized so much in high school hearing those words, and now he’s hearing them. “You mean it?”

 

“Of course, dumbass,” Suguru says with a smirk and one last adjustment of his blindfold. “And keep the blindfold on. You’ll give yourself sensory overload.”

 

“Shut up.” He grabs Suguru by the shirt and pushes him against the nearest solid surface, which happens to be the bathroom counter, and kisses him. Suguru makes a surprised noise against his mouth, but kisses back. 

 

He revels in kissing Suguru, and in Suguru kissing back. It makes his heart race in his chest but it’s also comfortable. Kissing Suguru is the most natural thing in the world but also the most nerve wracking. It makes his heart race. Suguru’s hands come around his waist and tug him in close, idly going down his back and up his sides. He could do this forever, find a million different ways to kiss him at a million different angles.

 

Suguru opens his mouth against his first and eagerly deepens the kiss when Satoru lets him. His mouth tastes like the cake that they ate for lunch.

 

It’s not like the other times they’ve kissed. There’s nothing rushed about this. Suguru seems a bit stiff at first, and in all honesty so is Satoru. He’s not used to being able to show the full scope of affection that he wants to show. It loosens up though, and they settle into each other as they get used to each other.

 

Maybe he’s not even aware of how much affection he has to show Suguru after years of shoving it down, or maybe he’s starved for affection from Suguru that getting this much touch and sweet kissing is triggering something, because things slide from leisurely kissing to heated making out. He only notices the difference with the way he starts letting his teeth get into it because he just wants more, and how that makes Suguru grab him around the waist. His hands are roaming very close to Satoru’s ass, but not quite there.

 

On a whim, Satoru lets his hands go up Suguru’s shirt and run up his chest, because he always thought about doing that when Suguru would come to bed without a shirt on. He always stopped himself, but there’s no point to that right now. 

 

To his delight, It draws a pleased noise from Suguru that goes right through him. Suguru pulls Satoru flush against him with two firm hands on his hips. Not shy anymore, now he freely grabs at Satoru and Satoru wonders how much more of that he can provoke. Things are quickly spinning out of control, he can tell, but he can’t bring himself to care very much with how much his body is thrumming with want.

 

So he runs his hands up and through Suguru’s hair (it’s soft, like he imagined it’d be), moving it aside so he can kiss Suguru’s neck. He tries soft kisses that brush against his skin and kisses full of teeth that leave dark marks on his neck. Trying out things, because he doesn’t know what Suguru likes yet. It’s the latter that draws the biggest reactions out of him, so he uses those the most. As he goes, Suguru’s breathing picks up, and his pulse races under Satoru’s lips. “You’re….  Damn it.”

 

“I’m what?” Satoru says in between kisses. “Good at kissing?” 

 

“A smug bastard,” Suguru says, and Satoru can practically hear him roll his eyes at him, but his hands knead his hips and wander up his shirt. His neck has tilted to the side to give Satoru easier access.

 

“I’m not the one who’s— Ah!” To shut him up, Suguru had grabbed him by the ass and grinded up against him, and it had fucking worked like a charm. Almost immediately, Satoru forgets what he was going to say. He moans against Suguru’s neck and yanks at his shirt, getting annoyed at the obstacle. “Off. Now.”

 

“Forward of you,” Suguru says, but straightens up enough to strip his shirt off and toss it to the side. Satoru does the same, and opens his mouth to say something, but gets distracted by Suguru’s chest, now bare. He reaches up and grabs his pecs, running his thumbs over the soft, scarred skin. Marks of all the fights he’s been in, and he’s still standing here. Satoru loves them. Now, he can stare as much as he likes. He’s tempted to kiss all of them, but right now, he doesn’t have the patience. Suguru raises an eyebrow at him. “Something wrong?”

 

“More like the opposite.” He goes in for a rough, deep kiss and murmurs against his mouth, “Fuck, you look good. Have I ever told you that? I should have.”

 

Suguru bites his lip in response and grinds up against Satoru, his kisses turning more messy. Satoru grinds back. It takes a bit before they settle into an even rhythm with how erratic their movements are, but once they do, Satoru sees stars. It also helps that now he can feel how hard Suguru is in his pants and it’s driving him crazy to think that’s because of him. Every roll of their hips together is so good and it makes him want more and more .




“Fuck, I can’t take this anymore,” Satoru is saying, voice nowhere near the composed, light tone he usually puts on. Usually, that’s because he’s upset, but now, not so much. “This is getting uncomfortable.”

 

Suguru only starts paying attention at the last word, he’d been so caught up with the press of Satoru’s body against his and the delicious roll of his hips. His brain slowly processes things and his heart sinks. He stops moving for a second, which just makes Satoru move more. “Uh, what?”

 

Satoru kisses him again, pushing his head back a bit with the force, and groans against his mouth. “My pants, I just— fuck. I need them off, they’re uncomfortable. Too tight.”

 

“Oh, right.” Suguru looks down and spots the prominent tent in Satoru’s pants. With how he prefers his pants to be more fitted, it’s got to be getting painful at this point. Still, lucky for Suguru and far better than Satoru suddenly changing his mind about this, which he’d thought was the case for a moment. Of course. He's not used to the idea of being loved yet, that he doesn’t have to be cautious about what he does around Satoru, lest it tip him off that his feelings aren’t platonic.

 

Satoru’s already tearing at his pants, swearing under his breath as if they’re his personal enemy. Suguru is very tempted to just slap his hands away and pull him back against him. It’s only been a few seconds, but that’s a few seconds too long. Then Satoru paws at his pants too. They’re looser, but they don’t hide how hard Suguru is too. “You, off too.”

 

“Yeah,” Suguru mutters, and starts tugging his pants down. The relief is immediate. Satoru has already kicked his clothes to the side, but Suguru doesn’t have time to drink the sight in before he’s being grabbed roughly by the thighs and put on the bathroom counter.

 

Once there, Satoru tugs Suguru’s briefs off with a vengeance. Apparently, he’d been too slow for Satoru’s taste. He only gets them to dangle off of one of Suguru’s calves before he gets too impatient and goes in for a hungry kiss.

 

Suguru grabs him by the waist and pulls him between his thighs, drinking in Satoru’s moans at the first press of their skin together. To think, that he could make Satoru make those noises. Without clothes in between them, the sensations make his head spin. “Fuck, you feel good.”

 

It’s only slow for a bit as they get used to things because it’s all so new. But that only lasts a second before they can’t stand the slowness anymore and they’re desperately grinding against each other, like they can’t get enough fast enough. Now that Suguru’s up on the counter, they’re at the same height and it’s much easier. Nothing in the way. 

 

And even though Suguru’s movements are a bit restricted, he can loop Satoru in with his legs and drive on the roll of things faster. Satoru’s a lot handiser than Suguru thought he’d be, but he doesn’t mind the feeling of Satoru's hands all over his hair and thighs and back.

 

Even though he heard Satoru state it so explicitly and so barely that it couldn’t possibly be a lie, it didn’t seem like reality. Too good to be true. All the best things were always too good to be true. But the way that Satoru is touching him drives it in. He really does love him. And he wants him too, so much that it makes Suguru’s world go a bit off kilter.

 

The other thing that surprises him is just how much he himself apparently wants Satoru too, because once they got going, something had just snapped and now they’re fucking on Satoru’s bathroom counter. Maybe he’d been subconsciously banning himself from fantasizing about the line of Satoru’s shoulders and the soft skin on his neck because they’ve been living together, and it’d make things awkward.

 

But now, he doesn’t have to. Now, he can run his hands up his waist as many times as he wants, and he can mouth at his neck to his heart’s content. 

 

Satoru’s hands wander a bit too far up Suguru’s thighs in their mapping of his entire body and Suguru jolts with a startled moan, babbling out before he can think, “Right there, please, fuck.” He grabs Satoru’s hand and puts it right on where they’re pressed together. It’s bold, very bold, he thinks in the back of his mind, but alarms don’t go off in his mind.

 

Satoru seems to love it because he swears and grabs them and pumps with a messy rhythm, but Suguru doesn’t care in the slightest. If anything, it makes it better. It feels unnatural still, but he lets himself let go. He presses his face against Satoru’s neck and moans, letting Satoru do what he wants as their hips rock together. “God, I love how you sound,” Satoru says breathlessly. “You’re so beautiful, I can’t—”

 

“Shut up, Satoru.” Suguru braces himself on the counter with one arm and uses the other to pull Satoru in for a kiss. His mouth opens against his almost immediately and Suguru drinks in the sweet swipe of his tongue.

 

He’s glad that he has something to occupy himself, as it’s harder to grind against Satoru from his position on the counter, and the intensity of everything would burn him up otherwise. Satoru doesn’t seem to mind this in the slightest, he seems to love having Suguru at his mercy. Suguru would love to see what Satoru would look like if things were reversed, but for now, he’s more than content to lose himself to the bliss of it all. His hand is starting to go faster as his breathing picks up, and it’s making everything slicker as tension builds in his gut.

 

Suguru’s thighs clamp down on Satoru’s waist tight. Everything’s starting to come to a head way faster than he thought it would, or maybe he’s just balking at the idea of coming undone like that in font of Satoru. “You tryna kill me?” Satoru mutters against his mouth.

 

“I’m getting close,” Suguru says with a shaky breath, nails digging into Satoru’s shoulder.

 

“Me too.” Satoru pulls back, much to Suguru’s annoyance. He tries to go back up to kiss him again, but Satoru stops him with a hand on his chest. Somewhere along the line he’s pulled his blindfold up, and it makes a bolt of electricity go across his skin at the sheer desire in his eyes. He’s looking at Suguru like he wants to devour him whole. “I want to see you cum.”

 

Suguru grits his teeth, feeling like he’s about to burst. “You’re a fucking bastard.”

 

“I love you too,” Satoru says with a crooked grin, and twists his wrist.

 

Suguru makes an obscene noise he would have been embarrassed about under any other circumstances. If Satoru thinks that he’s getting the upper hand so easily he’s dead wrong. Always so smug. Suguru wants to see him when he can’t hold it together.

 

He uses his thighs to pull Satoru in flush against him and takes over the rhythm of their grinding. With one hand propping him up on the counter, he leans in against Satoru’s neck and bites at his neck. Satoru inhales sharply. “I’m going to tear you apart and make you mine, Satoru.” It probably sounds stupid, but his brain is too steeped in lust to care, because it feels true. Anyway, it makes Satoru moan so it doesn’t matter. “You’d let me, wouldn’t you?” Suguru starts roughly kissing his neck, more biting than anything in all honesty.

 

“Fuck, yes, I would. Every time,” Satoru babbles out, the last word hitching up slightly as he cums, spilling over his own hand and Suguru’s stomach. Suguru isn’t far behind, and the bathroom makes everything sound so much louder as they both come apart.

 

Things are hazy and full of panting for Suguru doesn’t know how long, but eventually, he feels Satoru relax against him. Suguru’s head feels like it’s swimming with honey, and it makes Satoru’s shoulder feel very comfortable. For the first time in he doesn’t know how long, he feels satiated. Satoru could probably light him on fire right now, and he’d let him. He takes advantage of it, before he starts to feel disgusting because of the cum and sweat all over him. 

 

Satoru seems very interested in playing with his hair, humming contentedly and keeping Suguru flush against him. “I love you too,” Suguru says against his shoulder.

 

Satoru stops playing with his hair. “What?”

 

Suguru pulls back and props himself up on one shaky arm. Satoru’s mouth is hanging open slightly, the only way he knows that Satoru is staring at him with wide eyes behind that blindfold. “You said it while we were fucking. Thought I’d say it back.”

 

Satoru keeps playing with Suguru’s hair. “Why?”

 

Suguru snorts and flicks him on the nose. “Because it’s true. Now get off. I was serious about that shower, and now I’m covered in cum.”

 

“Only if I can come with.”




Satoru does get to join Suguru in the shower, and it’s nice. He can’t help but think of the first time he joined him in the shower, a few days ago, but this time is nothing like that. This time, Suguru isn’t half dead, he’s conscious, and he’s getting healthier. This time, Satoru’s brain isn’t as fried to hell as it was.

 

Satoru lasts approximately five minutes of watching Suguru soap up his stomach to wash himself off before he’s on his knees in front of him. It’s been a while since he’s given a blowjob, but neither of them particularly care.

 

“You’re insatiable,” Suguru says, his hands locked in Satoru’s hair. 

 

Satoru comes up for air briefly to say, “I never thought I’d get this, I deserve to be greedy.”

 

Suguru starts to snap back something, but then Satoru starts on him again and the words get lost in soft moans and gasps. 

 

It’s not long before Suguru is spillling right down his throat. Usually, he’d never let anyone do that, but with Suguru, he loves it. By then Satoru is achingly hard from watching Suguru fall apart because of him, and Suguru is more than happy to help.

 

By the time they get out of the shower, they’re both content and tired, and shamble into bed without much fanfare, and settle into a comfortable tangle.

 

“So,” Satoru says, one of his legs splayed over the side of the bed, his head on Suguru’s stomach. “All those times I made up non-gay reasons to kiss you….”

 

“Yep.”

 

“Huh.” Satoru mulls this over, and it throws his memories in a new light. “Wait a second, how did you not know that I was just making up excuses if that was the case? Wouldn’t it have been obvious?”

 

“No, I thought you were just really friendly or some shit. Some people are like that.”

 

Satoru doesn’t bother to point out that he was never like that with Shoko, but then again there must’ve been plenty of signs Suguru had been giving off that he didn’t pick up on. “I’m not that friendly.”

 

“True,” Suguru admits with a shrug. “I also thought that you liked girls, and you thought kissing guys was hilarious.”

 

“When have I ever shown interest in a girl? That’s idiotic.”

 

“You’re idiotic,” Suguru says, and laughs when Satoru flips him off. “I can see why Shoko was always so annoyed at us, it must’ve been so obvious to her, given how much she was around us. I thought she was just teasing me.”

 

“Mm,” Satoru hums in agreement, then frowns. “Just weird to think about. I mean…. All that time?”

 

Suguru goes quiet, as if thinking this over. “Makes you wonder what was it all for, hm?” He laughs bitterly. “We could have been doing this time whole time. How much time have we lost to being idiots? I guess you have a point. We’re morons, aren’t we?”

 

“Speak for yourself,” Sartoru says, and rolls over so that he can look Suguru in the eye. He’s thinking again, and the bad kind of thinking. “I don’t think it would have been the same. We weren’t the same people in high school, I didn’t know the first thing about relationships, and I was kind of insufferable, let’s be honest.”

 

Suguru arches an eyebrow at him. “And you do now?”

 

“Well, no,” Satoru admits grudgingly. “But I’m older now. I know what’s worth holding onto. It’s worth being selfish.” Years ago, he’d made a choice. He hadn’t wanted Suguru gone, but he’d had to get rid of him. Or, he’d chosen that it had to be that way. Who knows if it could have gone another way? No use griping over hypotheticals, he’d nearly driven himself over the edge with that years ago. But when he’d made that choice, he hadn’t grasped what it would really be like to have Suguru gone. “I don’t want to have to go without you. It’s better when you’re here. The apartment feels more like a home. It’s less quiet. I hate the quiet.”

 

“I guess so,” Suguru says, reaching down to tug Satoru’s sleep mask in place. “Yeah, you’re right. As painful as it is… I can’t regret the way things happened. I don’t think they would have worked out the same way otherwise, with the way we were.”

 

“Exactly,” Satoru says, and he can’t help but think back to that argument they had after Suguru abandoned them, and Satoru couldn’t bring himself to stop him. Those versions of themselves could have never done this. That version of Suguru would have shut Satoru down hard when he tried to talk to him and snapped at him until he left him alone, he probably would have said things he’d regret for years. Satoru would never have eaten his pride and admitted the things that he did. “I don’t regret it either, even if it was hard. That means it’s worth fighting for.”

 

Suguru hums in agreement. “Hell, I didn’t think I had thrown any chance at this away years and years ago. I comforted myself by saying I never had a chance. Didn’t think you’d want me there, that I didn’t belong.”

 

“That’s stupid,” Satoru says quickly. “All I ever wanted was for you to stay. If you don’t belong, I’ll make a place for you.”

 

“I know that now,” Suguru says, and he sounds like he believes it. That makes Satoru relax. “But I don’t think it’s selfish. What’s the point of being alive if you can’t smile? And you make me smile, Satoru.”

 

“Ah, fuck you,” Satoru says, but he’s grinning. “Does this mean I get to ask you to be my boyfriend? Or do I have to take you out to dinner first? I’ve never had a boyfriend before, how the hell is this supposed to go? All I’ve ever done is hook-ups.”

 

Suguru snorts and fiddles with a stray chunk of his hair, braiding and unbraiding it idly. “We can do dinner. I’d like that. But I think we’ve waited long enough, personally.”

 

“Well.” Satoru pulls himself up and shuffles closer to Suguru until their noses are mashed together, and he tugs down his mask so he can stare him straight in the eyes. “Will you be my boyfriend, Suguru?”

 

Suguru laughs and shoves his face away into the pillows. “Yes, you moron.” He kisses him on the top of the head before he lets him up. Satoru’s never been kissed there. “Now go to sleep.” Suguru tugs Satoru’s sleep mask back up and settles back into the pillows.

 

Satoru lays back on the pillows next to him and watches his chest rise and fall steadily. Home. After Suguru left, it felt like his home had vanished while he had been out shopping. When he had died, it felt like watching his home burn down. Except, he’d been the one who set the fire. He thought he’d never have a home again, but here he was. And he can finally believe that he’s really, truly at home, with Suguru sleeping next to him in their bed. 

 

In the moments that he drifts off, he swears that he’ll do anything to defend his home. 



Notes:

    This chapter was so much fun to write, I love writing arguments. They did it, they got together! I just love the concept of Gojo, who doesn't give a shit what anyone thinks of him, giving many shits what Getou thinks because it's Getou. And of course, Getou, who had just straight up made peace with that fact that he'd never be loved. Overall, mutual pining is just my favorite. There are around two chapters left, I may or may not do a short epilogue. It's gonna go down!

Chapter 10: The Higher-Ups
Summary:

    Gojo and Getou make their way to the meeting with the Higher-Ups.

Notes:

    God, this chapter gave me so much grief, I must've rewritten it so much it's all blended together. I think it turned out well though. I hope y'all like this!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Satoru is frustrated by the time they’re finally leaving to meet with the Higher-Ups. Maybe they’re just messing with him because he made it clear that he’s bringing Suguru with him and not letting them see him alone, but it seems as though they’ve changed the plans about five hundred times just in one day.

 

They’d gotten up in the morning, intending to leave right to the location, but the plans had been changed before breakfast. So Satoru wanted to visit the school first to check up on his students, but they’d had to wait around for time changes yet again. Now, it’s noon and they’re finally leaving the apartment for good. 

 

“I still think that you should swap out the sunglasses,” Suguru says as they walk out the door.

 

Satoru locks it behind them, scoffing. “I don’t need the blindfold today. It’s just a meeting. Besides, how can I get my tolerance back up if I’m wearing that thing all the time?” It only half makes sense, he knows that, but he’s tired of having to be careful with himself. He’s tired of healing, being weakened. His patience is wearing thin.

 

Suguru gives him a wary look, but doesn’t say anything else. He doesn’t think that Satoru noticed when he stuffed one of his blindfolds in his pockets on the way out, but he had. Satoru’s touched by it, even if he is slightly annoyed he thinks he’ll need it. He probably will, but that’s not the point.

 

It’s unnecessary, he knows, but he is tired of healing.

 

Besides, Suguru has been on edge all morning. He doesn’t seem to like the situation, but for a different reason. “It makes me uneasy,” he says when asked. “Makes me think that they’re up to something.”

 

“If that’s what they’re trying to do, they’ve got another thing coming,” Satoru says bitterly as they walk through the city. He wrinkles his nose. “I don’t see why Ijichi couldn’t have just met us at the apartment. All this walking. We could still just teleport there, ya know.”

 

“Better to save energy,” Suguru says, only half paying attention. He’s looking all around, taking in everything that’s changed. It isn’t much, but it feels like it.

 

“I’m not that weak,” Satoru says. “I just don’t want to be out and about here for too long.”

 

Suguru smirks. “Mm, touchy.”

 

They meet up with Ijichi outside a nearby train station. He’s waiting outside a black car when they arrive, and they have to fight their way through the crowd to get to him. Satoru is glad that none of them can touch him— it’s bad enough being squished into the crowd, but it’d be worse to have all those sweaty bodies bumping into him. 

 

It’s been a while since he’s been in a crowd. He doesn’t miss it. It’s frustrating. People keep almost walking into him (not quite, because of Infinity), talking loudly and absolutely stinking with cursed energy. It’s a lot, and he can see it all.

 

“I hope we’re taking that,” Satoru says, pointing to the car.

 

Ijicihi shakes his head sheepishly, and holds up a piece of paper. “They were very specific. We’re going to take a train ride first, then there’s walking directions.” Satoru sighs, but isn’t surprised. These types of meetings can get notoriously elaborate to get to when they want to make it difficult. Something about security.

 

So he sucks it up and descends into the subway, Ijichi leading the way while Suguru trails behind with him. They cram themselves into the subway car with the rest of the passengers, and Satoru is again grateful for Infinity. 

 

Upon getting into the car, he works his way through the crowd ahead of the others (Infinity gives him an edge) and takes a seat. Well, seats. He knows it’s petty, but he spreads his legs across three seats when they get in the car, drawing glares from people. However, he stops once Suguru gets on, and has him sit right next to him. Ijichi stands nearby, smushed in a crowd of people.

 

Suguru’s presence pressed against his side is comforting, though. His boyfriend. He never thought he’d have one of those, but then again, he never thought that he’d see Suguru again, nevermind get him to stick around. Live with him.

 

His presence is especially helpful to keep him grounded through the subway right, which catches him off guard just like the crowd.

 

There’s a lot to see in the subway system. Something about the cramped darkness and the tense chaos of the thousands of people that pass through must make it particularly good for curses and cursed energy in general. It’s hard to focus in on any one thing at times, so he focuses on watching Suguru idly braid a strand of hair over and over again while they wait to arrive. 

 

It feels like an eternity before they do, but there’s nothing to be done about it.

 

During the train ride, Ijichi had been examining his scrap of paper and his phone in turn, as if it were the Rosetta Stone. And once they got off, Ijichi pushes his glasses up about a dozen times while he consults the scrap of paper he’s apparently got the directions to the meeting written down on as he leads them out of the subway and beyond.

 

Satoru tries to enjoy the city like he used to, but none of it looks the same, like watching a movie you loved as a child again, only to find that you hate it now, and it wasn’t as good as you thought it was. It’s dirty. Of course, he knew that before, and he knows that Tokyo is a relatively clean city, but now all he can notice is the visceral muchness of it all. 

 

He pushes his glasses up, but they’re already on right. His skin feels it’s crawling, but there’s obviously nothing there. The backs of his eyes are starting to ache as well, but he shoves his notice of that to the back of his mind.

 

And then there’s Ijichi, who keeps muttering to himself and stopping once in a while to check his surroundings, then looking down at the little paper every few seconds.

 

“I think he’s lost,” Suguru says after a few turns. “Should we put him out of his misery?”

 

“What?” Ijichi whirls around, looking pale as a ghost. “No! No, I’m not lost. It’s… the directions, they’re….”

 

“Really? We’re not lost?” Suguru tilts his head, expression blank. Ijichi has always been on edge around Satoru, but he seems downright terrified of Suguru. To be fair, Suguru is a very infamous curse user, while Satoru is a teacher, even if he does have quite a reputation. “Then how close are we?”

 

Ijichi flushes bright red. “I have no idea.” 

 

“That so?” Satoru gives him a pointed look. “So we are lost? And here I thought you were looking at the directions.”

 

“It’s not that simple! I’m following the directions.” He thrusts the piece of paper at Satoru.

 

Satoru stares at it for a few seconds, then takes it and takes a glance at it. “What the fuck is this? Look at this, Suguru.”

 

Suguru leans over his shoulder. “Oh goodie, they’re sending us on a scavenger hunt. What are they, pirates?”

 

“This is seriously what they gave you for directions?” Satoru says, holding up the piece of paper between two fingers. It consists of a bunch of arrows and the vaguest possible directions next to it, and absolutely no address, just a set of steps. It’s handwritten yes, but printed, so someone took the time to write this out, then send to Ijichi for him to print out. 

 

“I swear!” Ijichi says. “They told me to follow the directions and it’d lead to the destination.” They both stare at the paper, then at him, so he adds, “I’ll call them to make sure.” He steps away and starts jamming buttons on his phone.

 

Suguru sighs and plucks the piece of paper from his fingers, turning it over. “No wonder it’s been over an hour. This is a treasure map, not directions. Absurd.”

 

“I could’ve followed it fine, I bet,” Satoru says, standing back on his heels. 

 

Suguru gives him a look. “Remember that time when we all visited the city one summer and you insisted on being in charge of the map and ended up getting us lost for like, five hours?”

 

Satoru scoffs. “It was three hours, first of all, and we made it to the museum in the end.”

 

“My point stands.”

 

Ijichi jogs back over to them. “So I have good news and bad news. The good news is that we don’t need the scrap of paper.”

 

Suguru crumples the piece of paper and stuffs it in a pocket while Satoru tries not to get irritated. “They changed the location again, didn’t they?”

 

Ijichi winces. “Yeah. Something about transportation difficulties.”

 

Satoru presses his eyes shut.




It takes a winding walk back to the subway station and a few stops, but they do end up using the car, to Suguru’s relief. His legs are starting to get a bit sore, and wonders if he should take that as a sign to start jogging to strengthen them. Maybe, maybe not. Jogging is a miserable way to get exercise, but some people seem to really enjoy it so there has to be something there.

 

Either way, the car ride is a welcome reprieve from trekking all over the city. Satoru especially seems relieved.

 

Suguru is starting to keep a closer eye on Satoru, however. He’s starting to get more irritable and fidgety, which usually happens when he’s starting to get overstimulated, or when he’s starting to get a headache. Which is pretty much the same thing, just different flavours.

 

It was a regular occurrence when he was younger and didn’t have such a good grasp on his techniques, so he and Shoko both ended up learning the signs over time. The trouble was and is that he never rests when he needs to, like he’ll die if he listens to his body and goes easy. And, it’s not a regular case. It wouldn’t be a problem normally, but there’s the effects of being unsealed to consider.

 

“Are you sure you don’t want the blindfold?” Suguru asks, voice low enough so that Ijichi can’t hear. “The glasses don’t seem to be quite enough. We have been in the city for a while. All those curses….”

 

“I don’t need that,” Satoru insists, even though they both remember a handful of days ago when stepping into the city was enough to bowl him to the ground. “I’m fine.”

 

“Satoru….”

 

Satoru sighs. “I’ll bring them next time. The city is a lot. Dirty. Loud with cursed energy.”

 

“Very loud,” Suguru agrees.

 

Ijichi starts driving them out of the city until they’re in the woods, and when Satoru tries asking, he says that he’s not allowed to tell them, which Satoru seems to hate. 

 

“This is bullshit, we’ve been going to the meeting so long it’s getting dark out now,” Satoru mutters, and unbuckles his seatbelt.

 

“Ah, you’ve got to keep your seatbelt on. Safety, all that,” Ijichi says, peering at him through the rear view mirror. He still looks nervous, and he’s got a death grip on the steering wheel. And Suguru seems to terrify him, he’s noticed. He avoids eye contact and conversation with him when possible.

 

“Really, Ijichi? Do you hear yourself?” Satoru shuffles over to Suguru’s side of the backseat, pressing up close to his side and tipping his head against Suguru’s. “I’m sure I’ll be fine.”

 

After a few second’s contemplation, Suguru brushes the back of his hand against Satoru’s. Satoru hums happily and threads their fingers together. “What if the car crashes, Satoru?”

 

Satoru shrugs. “I’m not gonna let a little car crash stop me from getting to this fucking meeting. Gotta be important if it’s this hard to get to.”

 

Ijichi laughs awkwardly. “Sit all close like that and people might think you guys are dating,” he says, clearly meaning for it to be an awkward tease to lighten the mood, but it doesn’t land on them like that.

 

Satoru tenses up, probably ready to snap at him nastily, so Suguru squeezes his hand lightly to stop him. He does. Even though Ijichi did mean it as a joke, given the combination of all Satoru and Suguru’s shared memories of homophobia, and that Satoru’s patience had worn out with the last subway ride, it had been a very stupid thing to say. If Suguru doesn’t say anything, Satoru will, and Satoru will be far less tactful, so he fixes Ijichi with a stare in the rear view mirror. “Well, given that Satoru is my boyfriend, they would be right in thinking that.”

 

Ijichi nervously pushes up his glasses again, looking like he wants to implode. “Oh! Right, right, of course, I didn’t mean—”

 

“I don’t care what you meant. How close are we?” Satoru asks, cutting him off with a sharp tone.

 

Ijichi clears his throat, looking sweaty. “Almost there. Just a bit further.”




Ijichi stops at the head of a long driveway with a sign marking out of a temple at the end of the driveway. By the time that rolls around, it’s completely dark out. “Apparently they cleared out the temple for today. They should be inside. I’ll wait out here for you to be done.”

 

“Let’s hope so.” Satoru lets Suguru’s hand go to get out of the car.

 

Suguru shuts the car door behind him and glares at the forest. “I don’t like this place.”

 

“What if it’s haunted?” Satoru says, then snickers to himself.

 

Suguru grimaces, stretching from the long car ride. “That’d be a pain to take care of.”

 

They leave Ijichi, who pulls a paperback out of nowhere, in the car and make their way down the long driveway. It’s wide, generously wide, and you can hear the noises of small creatures as you walk down it.

 

Suguru thinks over what he’s supposed to expect from this. Is he just dooming himself by coming when not told? Oh who cares. It’s good that they’re here together. They balance each other out. Satoru has a foothold so he can advocate for him if things take a turn for the worst, and hopefully, Suguru can stop him from becoming a criminal once he finds out what’s happened since he left.

 

“This a long driveway,” Satoru says, turning on the spot to look back, then keeps moving forward. “Can’t see the car anymore, and the temple’s not even in sight.”

 

“Seems excessive.” They pick up the pace out of impatience and round a bend to find a wide lot in front of a grand temple. Suguru whistles. “Nice place.”

 

“Yeah.” Satoru shifts and huffs. “Are we supposed to poke around until we find the room? They shoulda put up some signs.”

 

“Maybe it’s obvious once we get inside.”

 

“Mm.” Satoru stiffens. “Stay close, someone’s coming.”

 

“Hm?” Suguru hears it before he sees it— the roar of a motorcycle engine. Then the thing comes tearing up the driveway, way louder than it should be and way brighter. The sound of the engine hurts his ears and the headlight hurts his eyes. Suguru squints and hopes the driver parks soon. He hates motorcycles, unless he’s on them.

 

They don’t. The motorcycle whips around the wide lot and does fast circles around them. The motor roars and the lights are bright enough to burn. Suguru swears under his breath and glowers at the driver. Then Satoru makes a pained noise beside him.

 

Damn it, he forgot. Suguru looks over to check on Satoru, but it’s too late. He’s got his hands clamped over his glasses and he’s curled in on himself, trembling. Jaw clenched and teeth gritted together in rage. He’d already been close to his limit with all that time in the city, the motorcycle must’ve pushed him over. Probably imbued with cursed energy.

 

Bastards. All that time in the city probably pushed him to his limit and now this? 

 

Suguru grits his teeth and prepares to knock the driver off their motorcycle, but a bolt of fire comes straight for his face.

 

Satoru roars in frustration and then there’s a sort of explosion of cursed energy. No technique, just raw energy lashing out in rage. Suguru ducks and covers his head on instinct to avoid debris, then shouts when there’s a second explosion with enough heat to make him feel like his face is going to be seared off.

 

Suguru looks up and sees one of the trees on fire with the wreckage of a motorcycle under it. The assassin is nearby, picking themself up off the ground. Satoru must’ve destroyed it. That explains the second explosion then.

 

Satoru has knocked his glasses onto the ground, now clawing at his face violently. He’s thrumming with cursed energy, eyes trained squarely on the man. Suguru can feel the murderous intent rolling off of him. Though at this point, it’ll probably end up being temple-levelling intent.

 

“Get out of here Satoru,” Suguru shouts. With that look on his face and the energy crackling off of him he’ll destroy the whole forest at this rate. “You’re done. You need to go calm down.”

 

“No,” Satoru snaps, not looking at Suguru. He squeezes his eyes shut as if in pain, then opens them wide and wild again, still clawing at his face. Probably trying to stamp things down, as if one can stop an overload like that through sheer force of will. He’s much too used to being “the strongest” and not simply Satoru Gojo, Suguru thinks.

 

“I wasn’t asking.” Before Satoru can react, Suguru makes a stingray bubble out of the ground and sweep him off in a blink. He just barely manages to stuff the blindfold in Satoru’s pocket before he’s gone. Then he has another curse smother the fire on the tree before it can get out of control.

 

Suguru watches him disappear over the treeline, and hopes that he stays away. As an afterthought, he scoops the discarded glasses off of the ground. He’ll be pissed at himself for having to sit the fight out. It’s not that he couldn’t have won, of course. He could have, definitely, but he had been out of control, pushed past his limit, almost raving. The damage would be unthinkable. It’s safer this way.

 

The assassin is already picking himself up from the explosion, coming at Suguru with a knife. It’s clear now that he’s an assassin. He hadn’t even bothered to go after Satoru, so he’s here for Suguru and only Suguru. He’s fast, certainly. Suguru wonders how he’ll measure up to him. How much money did they shell out for this assassin? How good is he?

 

However good he is, he can’t be as good as Toji Fushiguro, but still. Barely a few days ago, Suguru had been bedridden and weak. Now, he’s upright, but he’s still not recovered his entire health. How much has he really healed? How well can he fight with that bastard in his head, trying to tear him down?

 

Really, he wants to know how much this new handicap will slow him down. Part of him knows that even if they can manage to get a specialist to remove the bastard, he’s likely going to be stuck with him. It’s been tearing at Suguru whether that will make him a shell of his former self.

 

The assassin starts off strong, straight to attacking, no conversation. Their face is covered as well, along with every inch of their skin. Likely to protect from burns. 

 

A bolt of fire comes straight for Suguru’s face, blinding him. He uses a curse to shield himself and goes low, just as a knife cuts through the flames and goes straight for his head. So he uses fire then. Troublesome, and such a destructive technique.

 

“Who hired you?” Suguru yells, but it goes unanswered. The attacks just keep coming. If Suguru were a lesser fighter, he would have been overwhelmed by now. But he’s not. He keeps on the defensive and looks for an opening, careful of the fire blasts. His hands are itching for a weapon, but the only ones around are in the hands of the assassin, and he doesn’t want to bother with getting another one. 

 

Suguru ducks another swipe at his head and kicks the assassin right at the knee, sending him crumpling to the ground. He rears up for another attack while they’re down, but then his world lists to the side. It’s like the ground is being rotated around him, suddenly his head is filled with a scream like a shipwreck scraping against the seafloor.

 

His stitches ache so much he’s tempted to tear at them, but he doesn’t. It’s all he can do to stay standing, but it seems like it’s just a minor attack. He doesn’t even hear the imposter’s voice. Just a petty sucker punch. It’s enough though.

 

A red-hot knife plunges into his shoulder, and Suguru bites back a scream. He’s only half successful. The bastard heats the knives, of course they do. His flesh hisses where the knife is buried in him, and Suguru knows that it will hurt getting taken out. 

 

The pain of it is enough to make his vision blur at the edges, but he’s had worse pain than this.

 

He kicks the assassin square in the chest, making them let go of the knife. They manage to yank it back again, but the knife stays buried in his shoulder. Suguru sucks in a steadying breath and goes in while the assassin is off balance, furiously attacking.

 

He doesn’t have the patience to take the assassin down, and they keep going for kill shots anyway. The knife in his shoulder was a lucky miss. The longer this drags out, the more opportunities that the fake is going to have to pull another stunt like that, giving the assassin the perfect opening to not miss a second time. 

 

Suguru makes a mental note to talk to Satoru about training that weak spot out of him. He hadn’t even thought about the huge risk that having the imposter in his head, ready to pull him off balance like that, would pose in battle. Even now, he can feel the risk of it pulled tight in his head like a rubber band, ready to snap. It gives his actions a furious panic.

 

The assassin goes for another kill shot straight to Suguru’s skull with another knife, the other hitting the knife buried into his shoulder with the flat of their palm. The pain makes his vision blur and his throat burn with bile, but he manages to put his arm up to catch the knife.

 

The pain burns and tears at his arm, but he pushes through it with gritted teeth. His other hand, shaking, summons a low-lying curse with huge jaws and tusks right at his thigh. Its jaws clamp down on the assassin’s leg and tears, snapping it up and waddling away contentedly. 

 

The scream that follows sends birds flying up from the trees in flocks. The noise pisses Suguru off, but at least the attacker is on the ground and out of commission. 

 

He bites down on the inside of his cheek to bear the pain of the hot knives still lodged in him, and takes account of himself. To keep from falling, he locks his knees and focuses hard on the ground below him. The imposter claws at his head sharply, whispering threats and making Suguru’s skin shiver with disgust. It had been building through the whole match, so he takes a moment to steady himself.

 

Suguru focuses on what’s keeping him here. He has to live for Mimiko and Nanako, and stay for Satoru. If nothing else, he has to hold on for that. His arm and shoulder, both the left for better or worse, ache from the knives buried in him. They had been so hot that they cauterized the wound immediately, so he didn’t need to worry about bleeding too much but god, it made the pain so much worse. 

 

His vision has cleared enough to see properly, so he looks for the assassin. The curse had dragged him away from Suguru after they’d been thrown back by the force of it ripping their leg off. An assassin, definitely, with that fighting style. Not many people knew he had come back, unless this assassin was the imposter’s enemy. And then there was the motorcycle to consider. And the fact that they had sent one assassin of that level to finish him off. Whether they had been meant for the imposter or Suguru, despite the knives in him… it had been too easy for a respectable assassination attempt. It itches at his mind.

 

Ah well. Good thing that there was someone to ask about it. Suguru starts walking towards the assassin bleeding out and wailing on the ground, fingers flexing. 

 

“They sent me to pick up the slack if that other guy failed. Normally I wouldn’t care what they want, but… I thought I’d make an exception.”

 

Suguru smiles. “And here I was thinking that the Higher-Ups had only sent one measly assassin to kill me.” He straightens up and faces Okkotsu as he descends from the temple, sword drawn. He’s changed. A lot. Suguru had been wondering when he’d turn up.

 

“No,” Okkotsu says calmly. He seems more sure of himself. Suguru would be proud, if he weren’t here to kill him. “Never thought I’d be fighting you a second time. Thought the dead were supposed to stay buried.”

 

“Oh, I was never buried.” Suguru almost goes to steal a weapon off of the assassin writhing on the ground, then he remembers his promise to Satoru. He can’t fight Okkotsu, not without hurting him. And since he’s one of Satoru’s students…. Ah. This will be interesting. Suguru smiles at Okkotsu calmly. “Shall we?”

 

Without another word, Okkotsu charges at Suguru with the sword ready. Suguru doesn’t make a move to defend himself. Okkotsu’s too quick, and he has no weapon. Instead he summons a giant octopus behind Okkotsu.

 

The octopus grabs him and hoists Okkotsu into the air, but doesn’t throw him. It just gives Suguru enough time to step onto a monstrous-looking jellyfish and float into the air.

 

Okkotsu kills the octopus, much to Suguru’s disappointment (he had liked that) and glares up at him. “You’re running? Are you that scared of me?”

 

“Not at all,” Suguru says with a shrug, sitting cross-legged on the jellyfish. “I just don’t want to fight you.”

 

“That makes my job easier then.” Okkotsu fires a surge of pure cursed energy meant to unseat him. The jellyfish absorbs the surge neatly, as it’s meant to, but Suguru can tell that it can’t take much more of that.

 

In that moment, he goes over his options. Fleeing is viable, but unappealing. Avoidance isn’t sustainable. Fighting without inflicting damage…. 

 

Suguru isn’t weak, but a few days ago he could barely walk. He’s recovered, but he’s not at the peak of health just yet. Pushing himself would piss Shoko off.

 

“This is a mistake,” Suguru calls down to Okkotsu, who looks furious beyond the calm composure he has. Out of his view, he flicks his wrist. Thank God for the woods around them. 

 

And there’s that assassin to think about. Suguru has to question him before he bleeds out.

 

Okkotsu ignores him. He goes at a sprint towards a nearby tree jumps off of it, using the momentum to launch himself into the air towards Suguru.

 

Suguru lets the jellyfish vanish and falls backwards into the air. Okkotsu stares down at him with wild eyes. He can’t change direction midair, and Suguru will die if he falls to the ground from this height.

 

The woods explode. 

 

Fleshy, tentacle-like vines thicker than his torso shoot from the forest and crawl everywhere like they’re hungry and desperate for the air. They throb and creak like voices in pain, and they’re made of skin and eyes and organs and other body parts. Suguru lands on a giant hand, and starts moving. 

 

It takes a decent amount of his focus to keep the entire structure moving at once, in different ways. Technically, it’s structures. This trick takes a lot of energy, and it’s unsuited for attacking, which is why he doesn’t use it all that often.

 

Then again, he doesn’t often run from a fight.

 

Okkotsu is slashing at the thing, causing blood and screaming from the flesh-plant. The noise breaks through the silence of the forest with all the delicacy of a baseball bat to a trophy case. None of the flesh thing disappears though, because it’s not just one curse.

 

Suguru keeps moving through the structure, letting it propel him along and impede Okkotsu’s progress. It’s a disgusting tool in his belt really, but he likes it.

 

But he’s also proud of himself. He wouldn’t have been able to do anything close to this a day or so ago. Maybe he really is getting better, even if he will pass out the moment he gets home. The thought makes him smile.

 

Okkotsu is getting frustrated. He can tell because the attacks are using up more and more energy.

 

And Suguru… Suguru is so tempted to let loose on him. Barely out of any personal vendetta, more so to see what he can do against a worthy opponent.

 

Ah, well. He and Satoru can always spar sometime. Satoru would like that. First, he has to make it out of this.

 

Suguru pumps more energy into making the tangle of flesh stalks larger and twistier. Eyes stare at him as he walks by, and there are hands that will grab at Okkotsu, places where the path gives out and there’s a big pool of blood in a flesh flower. 

 

None of it will hurt him, but it will make Suguru hard to find.

 

Eventually, Suguru hears a yell of frustration from Okkotsu. Suguru sighs, and remembers Rika. He thinks about disengaging the curses to keep from damaging them, but thinks better of it. Likely, Rika is close to being triggered, however she lives on, Suguru doesn’t know and doesn’t care. This type of situation, the giant flesh plant, is perfect to look like it’s posing a danger while being harmless unless you climb into one of the mouths.

 

After all these years, he doubts Okkotsu’s technique is the same. He just knows there’s a danger, and if there’s nothing for him to absorb the blow with, that’ll be the end for him.

 

How long can he last against another special grade sorcerer without striking a blow? His estimate is enough. There are strategies that keep bubbling up in his head, and his fingers itch to use them. There’s a good chance he’ll die against Okkotsu if he doesn’t pull off something sneaky soon. The flesh can only do so much.

 

Instead of making the flesh vanish, he hides one in the woods to regrow the whole thing (they’re like fungus, you only need one) just in time. Just as soon as he’s finished, Okkotsu blasts the whole thing away. 

 

Blood and viscera go everywhere, but luckily Suguru manages to shield himself from it. Unfortunately, he hits a column of flesh sweating blood in the process. But he’s in one piece, so he counts that as a win. The whole structure is in ruins though, and Okkotsu now has a clear path to him.

 

“No more games,” Okkotsu calls out, sword at the ready. He intends to kill him, and Suguru can do nothing but block or evade. There’s a lot of options there, but Okkotsu is not an opponent to play with.

 

Suguru smiles at him, running quickly through his options. A combination will have to do. Getting into hand to hand combat with him is something he wants to avoid. Then, even if he doesn’t strike a killing blow against Suguru, he’ll be able to wear him down, or wait for an opening that the imposter gives Okkotsu. 

 

“If you say so.”

 

“ Enough!” Satoru’s voice tears across the clearing, forceful enough to make Okkotsu stop in his tracks and turn to look, jumping slightly at the volume. 

 

Okkotsu relaxes when he sees Satoru. His blindfold is on, and he looks recovered. Suguru is deeply glad that he didn’t just drag himself right back into the fight. Honestly, he’d been half-expecting that. The shock on Okkotsu’s face when he processes Satoru walking towards them is priceless. “Gojo! I’m—”

 

Satoru waves him off. “Enough, Yuuta. Leave Suguru alone.”

 

Okkotsu looks shocked again, but for a different reason, to Suguru’s satisfaction, and stares as Satoru goes right past him and to Suguru. This must be quite a day for him. “Why?”

 

“Because I said so. Hold on.” Satoru clenches his jaw when he stops in front of Suguru, looking him up and down. In all honesty, it could be worse, but then again it probably looks worse than it is because of the blood from the flesh plant. The knives sticking out of him probably don’t help. “Forget this, we’ll get you to Shoko ASAP.”

 

“Satoru, I’m fine,” Suguru says, drawing a look from Okkotsu. “There’s no need for that right now.”

 

“You’ve been stabbed twice, Suguru!” Satoru gestures to the two knives sticking out of him. 

 

“No, I’m fine for now. The knives were hot, so the wounds are cauterized. Don’t worry about me. What about you?” Suguru asks, pretending not to notice Okkotsu edge hesitantly closer, clearly torn between asking questions and attacking again. “And I kept my promise by the way. Okkotsu is fine too. Didn’t touch a hair on his head.”

 

Satoru smiles and looks up from his wounds to nod. “I saw that. I’m glad.” He squeezes Suguru’s arm, and then looks around the clearing, but he stops as quick as he starts. The rage that starts to roll off of him makes the back of Suguru’s eyes ache, and it makes sense when he sees what Satoru is looking at- the assassin on the ground.

 

Satoru is moving before Okkotsu can take more than a step toward him, striding across the clearing furiously. Suguru is right behind him, but hanging back to watch. He’s curious what Satoru will do. Okkotsu stares, but shuffles after Satoru, giving Suguru a wide berth. His sword is still at the ready.

 

“Who sent you?” he asks the attacker as soon as he’s close enough, but they’re too busy being in pain to answer. “Your target was Suguru, right?” The attacker nods, eyes squeezed shut. “ So who sent you?” He steps on the spot where the attacker’s leg was torn off.

 

The attacker gives an anguished cry and pulls out another knife to attack Satoru with, but Satoru blasts his arm off.

 

“Who sent you?” Satoru demands.

 

It’s then that Okkotsu comes up near Satoru, watching the whole thing with slightly wide eyes. He doubts that he’s ever seen such a display of brutality and wrath from his teacher. Or maybe he has, but not in defense of Suguru. It’s probably the latter that’s most shocking.

 

“I don’t know!” the attacker yells. Blood is pouring out of his severed leg. He’s going to bleed out if something isn’t done. “I don’t know! It was anonymous, I just got money and a picture of him! Don’t kill me, don’t kill me, I’m just doing my job!”

 

“Gojo….” Okkotsu begins. “I don’t think he knows.” It falls on deaf ears though.

 

“I hate begging,” Satoru says coldly. “And that’s not enough. Tell me who sent you.”

 

“I told you, I don’t know!” the attacker screams. The scream pitches up as Satoru steps on the bloody nub again. “They told me you’d be with him! And the motorcycle would take you out, that’s all I know! I don’t know their names, their faces! Please!”

 

“Pathetic.” Satoru is pissed, and the attacker clearly doesn’t know anything. At this point, it might not even be about the information. Their babbling dissolves into cries as Satoru applies more pressure.

 

Suguru sighs and pulls up next to him. “He doesn’t know anything.” Okkotsu gives him a searing glare. Probably suspicious that Satoru responded to Suguru and not him. His sword is still out, but Suguru figures he’s too thrown off by Satoru’s order to do anything about it.

 

“He could be holding back.” Satoru has that look in his eyes, the wrathful one. He’s not a cruel man, but he can be ruthless when it comes to protection and all that. And he’s not exactly squeamish about getting his hands dirty. Not only that, but Suguru suspects that he’s a particularly sore spot for Satoru. He said it himself, Suguru is his weak point. 

 

Suguru doesn’t blame him honestly, he’d probably do worse if the positions were reversed.

 

Hell, he feels that way now. Satoru’s face as the motorcycle kept roaring around them pops back into his head, and the attacker uses that information to plead for his life.

 

But they’re going to be late. Suguru waves his hand and a giant slug with teeth winds out on the ground. It chomps off the assassin’s head. sharply cutting off the noise.

 

Satoru whirls around to face him. “Suguru—“

 

“Satoru, they clearly didn’t know anything about their employer. A lot of assassins operate that way. Anyway, it’s clear who hired them,” Suguru says, giving him a significant look.

 

“The Higher-Ups.” Satoru shoves his hands in his pockets, looking back at the assassin’s dead body. “Bastards.”





“So what the hell do we do now?” Gojo asks, voice still with an edge to it. He kicks the assassin’s body idly, apparently no longer angry but still deadly serious. The snap change that can happen between the bright facade he usually puts up and the serious side of him still gives Yuuta whiplash sometimes.

 

Getou is the one that replies, not Okkotsu. Partly because it was obvious he’d been talking to him and Yuuta had been still thrown by the oddness of the entire situation. “We could just go home. But this is something that needs to be addressed. And you need your answers.”

 

“So,” Gojo begins, crossing his arms over his chest. “Go see Ijichi and get him to get us to the Higher-Ups? They’re obviously not here.” He nods towards the temple. “I should’ve seen that earlier.”

 

“Hm, maybe. Maybe not,” Getou muses vaguely.

 

Neither of them are paying attention to Yuuta and the way they’re acting is making him nervous. Like they’re friends. “Hold on. Gojo, what is going on?” he asks, feeling slightly desperate, but it finally gets their attention. They both turn to him, slightly surprised, as if he’d forgotten he were there.

 

“Yuuta!” Gojo says brightly, waving. Getou just watches him, like a cat might watch a mouse. “I was wondering where you were. How have you been?”

 

“So it’s true that you’re back?” Yuuta asks instead of answering his question. Why hadn’t he been told about this by the Higher-Ups? This seems like something that he should have been told. Sure, the first years had told him about this whole situation through call, but it had been too bizarre for him to really believe. But now it’s here, right in front of his face. “I was told you were back, but… I didn’t believe it. Since when are you and Getou all friendly?”

 

“Well it’s not like we ever hated each other,” Gojo says vaguely, and kicks the dead body. “We should get going, Suguru.”

 

“I think this deserves a bit of an explanation, Satoru,” Getou says, nodding to Yuuta. “As far as he knows, we’re still enemies.”

 

Gojo looks at Getou, then sighs, running a hand through his hair. “Fair enough, fair enough. But first, I want an explanation.” He points to Yuuta. “Why did you try to kill Suguru?”

 

Yuuta stares at him, looking from Getou to him. “What is that supposed to mean? Think of everything he’s done. He’s the one that tried to hurt my friends!”

 

Gojo waves him off. “No no, that’s not my point, I know that, Yuuta. I’m not saying I approve of that. The Higher-Ups told you to do this, didn’t they?” Yuuta slowly nods. “Yuuta. You know better than to trust them! Come on.”

 

Yuuta gestures to Getou with his sword. “It’s not like they told me to do something atrocious, they told me to kill a danger to society.”

 

“I know, that’s not the point. Who do you think that he is, actually?” Gojo points to Getou, which makes Yuuta more confused than frustrated. “I forget how many people know Suguru is back.”

 

Yuuta points to Getou. “Kenjaku. That’s Kenjaku. Why would you stop me from killing Kenjaku?”

 

Getou gives him a poisonous look after that. “Wrong. That bastard has been under my heel for nearly a week now.”

 

Yuuta must have heard that wrong. How much has he missed? And how? One had been sealed and the other dead last he checked. “Sorry, what? Gojo, what is going on here?”

 

“Did the first years not tell you? We’ve been over all this with them.”

 

“No! I mean… they said some vague things, but they wouldn’t explain, said they weren’t allowed or something. I didn’t take it seriously, I’ve got a lot on my plate. What is going on?”

 

“Ah, I guess I did say I wanted to explain Suguru myself. What’s going on is that Suguru is with me now,” Gojo says lightly, but Yuuta can tell that he means it. “In both senses of the word actually. We’re dating.”

 

“Dating?” Yuuta repeats weakly, his ears ringing.

 

“Well,” Gojo shrugs. “We haven’t technically been on a date yet, but he is my boyfriend. It’s been a long time coming. I don’t really feel like going over all this again. Now can we go? Do you need a ride back to the school?”

 

Yuuta’s chest gets tighter at that. No, it can’t just be over and done with, he needs answers. But to his surprise, Getou is the one that steps in. “We’re already late, they can wait a bit. A lot’s happened since you last saw either of us,” he starts, and how close he’s standing to Gojo unnerves him. “It’d take a long time to explain.”

 

Yuuta adjusts his grip on his sword. “You better get explaining then.”

 

Gojo points to his sword. “First off, you're not gonna attack Suguru. I’ll stop you if you try. And Suguru’s not gonna attack you, he promised not to.”

 

“And I’m just supposed to trust that?” Yuuta says, nearly raising his voice. This is too much. It’s making his heart pound worse than it ever did during his attempt at Getou’s life.

 

“Well duh. You tried to kill him just now and he didn’t raise a hand against you. I wasn’t even here. That was because he promised me that he wouldn’t hurt any of my students.”

 

The look on Yuuta’s face right now must be priceless, because Getou laughs a bit to himself. “I unsealed Satoru. I was sick and tired of being helpless, and Satoru being sealed was over the line. I didn’t set out with the intention of getting control back, but… the imposter took that choice away from me. I had to. So I did. Satoru’s given me a place to live since then.”

 

“You live together?” Yuuta asks incredulously.

 

“Where else is he supposed to live?” Gojo asks, as if it's the most obvious thing in the world that he and Getou would be living together. Like Yuuta is the one acting odd in this situation.

 

“He tried to kill me! He’s a curse user, Gojo,” Yuuta says, and he’s slightly surprised at how worked up he’s getting. But come on. His teacher, boyfriends with Suguru Getou. What the hell had happened in that damned cube? “You killed him. Why are you acting as if he’s one of the good guys?”

 

“I’m not,” Gojo says, and there’s less of a playful lilt to his voice. “That’s up to Suguru. I killed him because it was the best thing for humanity. Not because I wanted to.”

 

Yuuta shakes his head, at a loss for what to say. “People don’t change like that, not after what he—”

 

“He saved my life, Yuuta.”

 

That’s enough to make the grip he has on his sword slacken. The fight goes out of him a bit. “Getou did? Why?”

 

Both of them chuckle. “I imagine because he didn’t want me to die,” Gojo says, amused. “I was weak when I was unsealed, and the imposter tried to kill me. He would have if it hadn’t been for Suguru. Then he took care of me and made sure I got medical care. Then he was gonna leave, like a moron.” Getou rolls his eyes. “Keep in mind, he was in so much pain he could barely walk through all this, and he still helped me, even after everything that’s happened between us. And he’s made promises to me, Yuuta.”

 

“Lots of people make promises,” Yuuta says bitterly. “They don’t necessarily keep them.”

 

“I know,” Gojo says, and Yuuta knows that he does. They both do. “But Suguru’s kept his. One of those promises was to not hurt my students. He didn’t raise a hand against you, did he?”

 

He hadn’t. Yuuta had fought Getou before, and he hadn’t shied away from a fight then. He simply wasn’t the type, but then he’d gone and evaded Yuuta, and it had confused him. Now, it makes sense. He glances over to Getou, who’s watching them with interest, apparently content to get Gojo handle things. “No.”

 

“Yuuta, you know me. You know the kind of person I am. I’m not the kind of person to be blinded by love, and I do love him. I loved him when I killed him, and I loved him after. But he’s back. Neither of us wanna repeat history. That’s tired. It’s been done. We wanna do things right this time.”

 

Yuuta looks from Gojo to Getou, and thinks. He thinks back to their behavior. How furious Gojo had been when he strode into the temple clearing, but how the first thing he’d done was made sure Getou was okay. And how Getou hadn’t hurt him, even though he’d brutally taken out that assassin just moments before.

 

Oh, who is he kidding? Once Gojo gets an idea into his head, he won’t let it go. It’s a fool’s errand to protest this, it’s like telling the moon not to change the tides. It’s going to, whether you like it or not. Yuuta chews his lip nervously and puts his sword away. It’s a bad habit, but it comes up now and again when he’s nervous. “What if he does turn against you? Us? What then?”

 

“I’ll take care of it. I did before, didn't I? Anyway, that’s not for you to worry about, it’s for me. It won’t happen though, I swear,” Gojo says, and Yuuta notes the confidence in his voice. He really believes it. Yuuta’s not sure if he likes that confidence, but he does believe that Gojo will protect him. Besides, Getou doesn’t seem like he’s plotting anything, or even like he’s itching to get back at Yuuta. Mostly he just seems tired, and slightly bored. 

 

And well…. He remembers how Gojo was like when Getou’s death was fresh. 

 

Yuuta sighs defeatedly. If it comes down to the worst, he can always just ambush Getou. “I’m holding you to that. But… I suppose it’s better to have a special grade curse user on our side rather than not.”

 

“Good. Now if you’re finished,” Getou says coolly, stepping forward. He hadn’t felt malice from him thus far (Something he’s surprised to realize. Even when he’d been attacking him, he’d gotten no malice from Getou) but he certainly does now. Yuuta’s hand goes to his sword instinctively. “Did you know about the motorcycle?”

 

Yuuta frowns in confusion. “What? What does that have to do with anything?”

 

Getou narrows his eyes at him, and Gojo just adjusts his blindfold, uncharacteristically quiet. Apparently content to let Getou do whatever evil thing he’s about to do. He’d promised. It doesn’t make sense. “Did you know that their plan was to force Satoru into sensory overload so that they could take me down alone? Without the risk of Satoru interfering?”

 

Yuuta’s eyes widen as he processes the words, and his heart sinks in his chest then crumples. The thought of Getou attacking immediately goes out of his head. He had been waiting in the temple, he’d only caught the end of Getou’s fight, when the assassin screamed. The words don’t make sense to him. “They did what?”

 

“When we arrived here together,” Getou says, gesturing between himself and Gojo, who’s now leaning on Getou’s shoulder, picking at his nails. “There was a motorcycle. It ran circles around us. You know how motorcycles are, loud and bright, and this one had been pumped full of cursed energy. The Higher-Ups had been running us in circles all day, clearly meant to tire Satoru out. He went into sensory overload, I had to get him out of here so he could recover.”

 

“I didn’t like that,” Gojo admits, tipping his head against Getou’s. “But now I’m kinda glad you did, Yuuta might’ve gotten hurt. I wouldn’t have been able to see he was there.”

 

Getou winces, and nods. “Exactly. That would’ve been a tragedy.” Then his eyes snap back to Yuuta, and his gaze is cold as ice. “So did you know anything about that?”

 

“Even if you did, it’s fine, Yuuta, relax,” Gojo says, even though there’s a thread of tension in his voice. “You were doing what you thought was right. I know how to deal with sensory overload. It’s just a lot more of a bitch since the prison realm. I’m still shaking off the effects.”

 

Yuuta shakes his head frantically, and his stomach is twisting in knots at the thought of him being involved in something like that. “No, I swear. I had no idea that’s what they were going to do. I didn’t even know you were back. I was just waiting in the temple like they told me to. All they told me was that Suguru Getou would be here, and I had to kill him.”

 

“Hm,” Gojo murmurs, mulling this over. “I believe you.” Yuuta relaxes, but the knot of tension is still there.

 

Getou seems to get calmer too. The malice rolling off of him subsides, and he crosses his arms over his chest. “So they used you,” Getou sums up, tilting his head. It’s not a question, but a statement.

 

The knot of tension turns into cold anger. He’d thought he’d be killing a curse user tonight, which was the only reason he’d agreed to the plan without question. But the thought of him being used like that, in such a disgusting way…. And they’d done it just to get to someone else. 

 

Yuuta levels Getou with a scowl, but this time the anger isn’t directed at him. Getou seems to recognize this. “It seems that way. I want to do something about it, Gojo. That’s over the line. Way over the line.”

 

“Well that’s convenient,” Gojo says with an eager smile, one with a hint of anger. “We came here with the promise of a meeting from the Higher-Ups. I’m sure we can still wrangle one. Only thing.” He points at Yuuta. “It means you have to ride in the car with Suguru.”

 

Not ideal. Definitely not ideal. He looks Getou up and down. He looks like he’s wearing Gojo’s clothes, and he seems interested in what Yuuta will do next.

 

“I don’t trust you,” Yuuta finally says. “But you’re a skilled sorcerer, and you’re clearly protective of Gojo. And right now, I’m more worried about the Higher-Ups. So fine. I’ll do whatever you want me to, even if it’s to just wait in the car.”

 

Gojo grins. “Great.”

 

“Well this clearly isn’t the site of the meeting,” Getou begins. There are still knives sticking out of him, Yuuta notes, but they don’t seem to be bothering him. “Maybe Ijichi knows. Let’s go.” 

 

“Hey, Suguru.”

 

“Hm?”

 

Gojo kicks the attacker’s body. “Can you have the slug cough up their head?”

 

Getou grins slyly at him, as if he’s picked up on some hidden meaning Yuuta hasn’t. “Yep.”

 
Notes:

    I thought it was appropriate to add Yuuta into the mix, given he and Getou's past. He's definitely not content with things, but there's more pressing things at the moment. We're getting down to the last chapters! This thing was so much longer than I thought it would be, thank you for sticking with me to this point, and thank all of you for your kind comments :) the next chapter will be the last, and then there will be a short epilouge, because there's a few things I want to tie up.

Chapter 11: Onwards
Summary:

    Argh, I've been so nervous about the quality of this chapter, mostly the characterizations, but I've been editing it for days so I'm gonna bite the bullet! It's ready. I hope y'all like this :) This is technically the final chapter which is CRAZY. The epilouge is after this, and there's gonna be some stuff I wanna fit in, but this is where stuff really wraps up. If you've read this far, thank you so much. Truly, I'm grateful for all of you reading this, and all of you who've been commenting and such. I never thought I'd be able to write something like this, nevermind have people say such nice things about it! And it's been a blast, this chapter was really fun to write, nerves aside. Enjoy, y'all!

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Ijichi looks like he’s about to throw up. Satoru has to admit, it’s slightly impressive that he hasn’t yet, given how green he looks. “Do we really have to have the head in the car? Why couldn’t we have put it in the trunk?”

 

Satoru tugs the attacker’s jacket to cover the head. They’d taken it off the body to wrap the head in and just fed the rest to the slug. “There? Better?”

 

Ijichi grimaces and doesn’t say anything, so Satoru takes it that he’s not going to complain anymore. It’s strange holding a human head. The thing’s still warm, and covered with slime and blood. If he weren’t so angry, he’d find it a bit funny, or maybe unsettling.

 

“What’s the plan for the head?” Yuuta asks, turning his head in the passenger’s seat to look at Satoru. He’d been given the choice between cramming in the back with Satoru and Suguru and their severed head or sitting up front with Ijichi. It hadn’t even taken him a second to get in the passenger’s seat.

 

“We’re going to use it for a centerpiece in the kitchen,” Suguru replies drily, nudging the head.

 

Yuuta glares at him for replying instead of Satoru. They haven’t attacked each other again, but the tension in the car ride is enough to produce another severed head if you step in the wrong place. It’s one-sided though. Suguru doesn’t seem to mind or return his animosity, whereas Yuuta hasn’t taken his hand off his sword. Satoru supposes this is a best case scenario, though. They have a common goal for the moment, so that’s staved off any more tussles.

 

Yuuta turns back around in his seat with a glower, and Ijichi keeps doing his damndest to not look in the back seat. 

 

Suguru has his eyes closed, humming a tune that Satoru doesn’t recognize and fiddling with the handle of the knife sticking out of his arm. Yuuta could have fixed his stab wounds (grudgingly, but he would have if Satoru asked) but Suguru had refused because they “look unsettling”. They do. 

 

“I can feel you staring, Satoru,” Suguru says, opening his eyes slightly to look over at him. 

 

“Hard not to stare,” Satoru says with a grin, and Suguru snorts. Satoru doesn’t miss the cold look he gets from Yuuta in the rear view mirror. He doesn’t at all approve of their relationship, which doesn’t surprise Satoru in the slightest. He doubts any of his students will, but he’s okay with that, he’s waited long enough for this to worry about that.

 

“This is actually kind of fortunate.” Suguru flicks the handle of the knife in his arm. 

 

Satoru crosses his arms, the levity he’d been trying to maintain souring in an instant at the reminder. “What part of getting stabbed twice is fortunate?”

 

Suguru has the nerve to smile at him. “I get to keep the knives. They’re nice knives, Satoru, and they have cursed energy. I have no weapons anymore.”

 

“I could have gotten you weapons.”

 

“And you’re welcome to.” Suguru flicks the one in his shoulder, not even wincing at the pain. Satoru scoffs and turns back to the front.

 

“Fighting?” Yuuta asks coldly with a look at Satoru in the rear view mirror. “How old is your relationship?”

 

“Less than twenty-four hours,” Satoru says, voice falsely bright. Yuuta seems to be in a particularly bad mood.

 

Suguru looks up to meet Yuuta’s eyes in the rear view mirror. Yuuta glares. “Satoru is upset that I got stabbed. And well… there’s the Higher-Ups.”

 

“You got stabbed twice,” Satoru says, a bit of an edge creeping into his voice. Yuuta’s eyes flick to him in the rear view mirror, slightly surprised. Satoru sighs and sits back, putting on a casual air again. “He wasn’t even a good assassin, Suguru. Tsk tsk.”

 

“No, he wasn’t. Good assassins are supposed to kill, not get killed.” For emphasis, Suguru grabs the severed head by its hair and lifts it up, prodding its face into strange expressions. The tongue lolls out of the mouth. Ijichi heaves in the front seat, and Yuuta stares. Satoru snickers. “I’m fine, Satoru,” Suguru says, swinging the severed head back and forth lightly. “The first one was because I got tripped up. The imposter. I’ll have to train for that. The second one was intentional, because I got impatient and I wanted to create an opening.”

 

Satoru sighs and grabs the severed head from him, putting it on his lap, making it only touched the jacket. He doesn’t want the thing staining his pants. They’re an ugly bastard really. Satoru pokes it in the eyes before wrapping it up again. “The imposter? What do you mean?”

 

“They pulled. Or pushed, depending on how you frame it,” Suguru says with a slight frown. “I’m getting better at handling it, but it still puts me off balance. Like at lunch yesterday.” Satoru nods, and remembers how dead to the world Suguru had been before he’d cracked and asked Satoru for help. “I was lucky that I only got stabbed.”

 

Satoru stares at him for a heavy moment, and Suguru stares back. A cold feeling pools in his stomach at the thought of that. That that bastard excuse for a sorcerer could still hurt Suguru when though he’s barely a nightmare at this point, exactly the position he reduced Suguru to. It’s satisfying to think about, almost the perfect revenge except a brutal and painful death.

 

But he’s still here. Suguru’s here, harmed, yes, but nothing that can’t be fixed. “Hm. Yeah, we’ll have to train that sometime.” Suguru nods in agreement.

 

Ijichi had been very alarmed to have Satoru dropped on the hood of his car by a dragon. He’d screamed, and not known what to do with Satoru, who had been right in the worst of a particularly bad bought of sensory overload, and kept yelling and making so much noise, which didn’t help Satoru’s problem in the slightest. 

 

Away from the motorcycle, it was just a matter of getting his senses to stop going haywire. He probably hadn’t been as patient as he should have, but when he made it back to the temple, Suguru had already defeated the assassin. It made pride swell in his chest at how capable Suguru was, but also shame, because he had been useless during the whole thing. After the shame and the pride, the second thing he felt was pure wrath.

 

He had been furious to think that someone had tried to kill Suguru. Not only take him away from Satoru, but rob him of the life he worked so damn hard to get back. In fact, he’d been so angry that he’d only noticed Yuuta’s presence in passing, as something else trying to hurt his beloved, before turning his attention on the assassin.

 

That, he also felt slight shame at, but it wasn’t as easy to handle as the shame of not being there for Suguru because Yuuta is his student. His student, who had tried to kill Suguru. Logically, he knew it had been justified. Why would Yuuta have any other reaction to Suguru suddenly walking around? It’s fair. Logically, he can’t bear a grudge against Yuuta for that, and he doesn’t.

 

But still, there’s that knot in his stomach. Unlike the assassin, Yuuta had a real chance of killing Suguru especially with the imposter in the equation. Suguru hadn’t been prepared for how those slips would affect him in a combat situation. It had left him vulnerable. It’s not Yuuta, not really. Just the idea that Suguru could be gone again that easily.

 

They had walked back to the car in tense silence, Satoru carrying the assassin’s head while Suguru and Yuuta walked to either side of him. Ijichi was already outside of the car when they arrived, so Satoru cut right to the chase and held the head out to Ijichi by its hair. The jacket he’d been holding it in got tucked under his arm. It was a nice jacket but also neither his or Suguru’s size. They’d tried it on. Yuuta had stood to the sides, watching them warily.

 

Ijichi had gone white as a sheet when he laid eyes on the head. “Did you know about this?” Satoru had asked.

 

“I highly doubt he’d be aware of something like that,” Suguru said, casually crossing his arms. Yuuta stood off to the side, watching. He’d been quiet ever since the end of their conversation. Just watching. Well, glowering more like.

 

Ijichi hadn’t been able to take his eyes off the head. “I… he’s right, I…. Why are you holding a human head? Where did you get it?” he’d asked weakly. “Oh God. What the hell happened back there?”

 

“There was an assassin. That’s his head. My doing,” Suguru said with a wave. “The Higher-Ups have been leading all of us on a goose chase this whole time.”

 

Satoru sighed and lowered the head. “Figures. I should have known, it’s just like them. I think you scare them, Suguru.”

 

“They’re right to be scared,” Yuuta says firmly.

 

Suguru had ignored him. “If I scared them they would have sent more assassins. I think I annoy them. Good.” Suguru eyes the human head, now with the mask off. He wrinkles his nose. “Ugly for an assassin.”

 

Satoru snickered and lifted the head again. He pinched the sides of the assassin’s mouth with his freehand and made it move, putting on a nasally voice. “‘I wear face masks because they look cool, not because I’m ugly! What’re you talking about?!’” 

 

They’d started laughing and messing around with the head, which Ijichi had put a stop to as quickly as possible by telling them that the Higher-Ups had called him after Satoru had left, telling them to bring Satoru to a conference hall outside of Tokyo. Probably assuming that Suguru would be dead.

 

They’re almost there, and Satoru is itching to be there and do something about it. Hours wasted where he could have done something he actually enjoyed, and instead the Higher-Ups had tried to kill his boyfriend like he was a rabid dog that needed to be put down. He’s not alone either, and he’s never been more glad for it. Yuuta may be opposed to Suguru’s presence, but Satoru suspects the tension rolling off him is only partly due to Suguru. He’d been pissed to have been used like that. And of course, Suguru. How could he do this without him? Sure, maybe he could, but he’d be worse for it. 

 

Satoru can tell that Suguru is pissed too, but he hides it well. It thrums subtly, not as loudly as Satoru. Satoru taps his foot impatiently, wishing for the car to go faster, practically buzzing with anger and adrenaline. Getting there means confrontation and finally finding out what they were all keeping from him. It’s past time.




The car ride had been very awkward for Yuuta, so he’s glad to get out of the car. It’s not everyday that you’re asked to share a car with one of the most dangerous curse users known to man (who is also apparently now dating your teacher) and his severed head. But if he has to admit, it didn’t go nearly as bad as he was dreading it would. Most of the car ride, Getou and Gojo were focused on the Higher-Ups.

 

Gojo had been acting as if everything were fine, even joking around a couple times, but it was clear he was furious. Getou had tried to lighten his mood, but it hadn’t worked. Probably because of the knives sticking out of him. Whenever Gojo looked at him, his expression would dip for a moment before righting himself, and Yuuta couldn’t see his eyes, but he’d bet that it was because he’d caught sight of the knives.

 

Hearing Gojo tell him that Getou was now his boyfriend had been… odd, to say the least, especially considering that Gojo had been the one to kill him the last time. But the longer Yuuta spent around them, the less surreal it felt.

 

It itched at him in the back of his mind, when the car ride forced him to slow down on his righteous anger at the Higher-Ups. Gojo had never had anyone before, not a girlfriend, not a boyfriend, not even someone he saw casually. And after all that time, this was the man Gojo chose?

 

That face, that man, had been the one that had almost killed him once, threatened his friends and thousands of other people. And the face that had been behind all of their recent troubles, even if that wasn’t Getou specifically. And yet, he’d saved Gojo’s life apparently. 

 

Yuuta’s mind didn’t want to accept it. There were the facts, and then his gut instincts, which told him to cut Getou down before he could do anything that couldn’t be undone, while his guard was down in the car. He’d almost done it a couple times, when Getou dared to be familiar with Gojo, but then he remembered how Gojo had treated the assassin who tried to kill Getou. 

 

The look of pure agony on the assassin’s face and the screams still ring in his head. And then there was Gojo’s impassive face, furious and entirely without mercy. He’d only stopped because Getou forced him to.

 

Logically, he knows Gojo wouldn’t do that to him if Yuuta killed Getou. Yuuta had also tried to kill Getou, just like the assassin, and he hadn’t gotten the same treatment. And maybe his mind is generating things to trouble him, but he can’t help but think back to a singular moment— Gojo had just arrived in the clearing, and he’d been caught up to what he missed. There had been a small moment where he’d just stared at Yuuta, and Yuuta couldn’t tell if he was angry or not, or angry at him or not. 

 

No, Gojo wouldn’t cross that line, he’d told himself. He was being ridiculous. Yuuta wouldn’t even get as far as killing Getou with Gojo around, if Gojo’s behavior is anything to go by. 

 

What unsettled him the most was how comfortable Gojo and Getou were with each other the entire car ride. As if they’d always been together, even though Yuuta knows damn well that’s not true. A week ago, they’d been enemies for all anyone else knew. 

 

It was jarring. It was as if nothing had happened between them, or even between Yuuta and Getou. Getou didn’t seem to at all mind sharing a car with Yuuta, like they didn’t have a speckled at best past. Then again, they were all focused on other things.

 

Yuuta stretches as he gets out of the car. Ijichi stays behind with his book, paying no mind to Gojo tossing up the severed head as he gets out of the car and catching it again.

 

“So,” Getou begins, coming around the car. “How were you planning on using Yuuta? I don’t think it would be smart to bring him into the meeting. It might give the Higher-Ups more ammo, and they have enough as it is.”

 

“As if they need more ammo,” Gojo says bitterly, then sighs. “All right. Give us a second. We’ll work something out.” With that, Gojo steps away, waving Getou over to him.

 

Yuuta crosses his arms, a bit irritated. He’d been hoping to have a bit of a larger role, but now he’s not too hopeful. Maybe it’s for the best, his confrontations with the Higher-Ups had never gone well. He’d only agreed to do this because 1) he couldn’t exactly refuse and 2) it was Suguru Getou. 

 

And look where that had gone.

 

He leans back against the car, internally kicking himself again for not suspecting, or at least sensing something was off. He hadn’t even noticed. Sure, Gojo had never had problems like that before, but god. Thinking about that didn’t exactly make him feel better about playing a part in thing like that. 

 

Getou and Gojo are off to the side, planning things he assumes. Yuuta just wants to get inside. He turns to the side, where Ijichi has his window rolled down. “What do you make of this?” He nods to Gojo and Getou.

 

Ijichi barks out a strange laugh. “Trying not to think about it too much. Gojo is one thing, but Getou is just terrifying. Why do these things always happen to me?” He shakes his head nervously, and sharply flips the page of his book. Clearly not in the mood for talking anymore.

 

Yuuta doesn’t exactly get the terrifying thing, but he’s noticed the two of them do have a way of… amplifying each other. Like the severed head thing. Gojo definitely would have thought of that on his own, but somehow Yuuta knows it turned out worse than it would have it had just been Gojo.

 

“ Satoru .” 

 

Yuuta’s hand jumps to his sword on instinct at the harshness in Getou’s voice, but when he looks over to where Getou and Gojo are standing, Getou is standing completely still. Close to Gojo, yes, but not making a suspicious move. 

 

Getou is glaring, saying, “What happened wasn’t your fault.” Yuuta can just barely hear them, but the adrenaline pumping through his veins, as a result of the Higher-Ups and Getou, makes it easy to make that stretch. It helps to have something to focus on.

 

Gojo scoffs. “Oh, don’t gimme that.”

 

“I’m serious,” Getou says sharply. “Don’t be stupid.” Yuuta frowns at that, but doesn’t step in.

 

“Nothing stupid about it. I was weak, and they knew that. So they used it. I’d have done the same.” Gojo shakes his head. “One dinky little motorcycle should not have been enough to take me out, Suguru.”

 

“But it was,” Getou says, stepping in front of Gojo. Gojo crosses his arms, and Yuuta fiddles angrily with the handle of his sword. It’s not the argument he thought would be happening, going off of Getou’s demeanor, but it’s odd for Yuuta to hear. So he keeps listening, puzzled. “Satoru, am I weak for slipping to that bastard sometimes?”

 

“No, Suguru, of course n—”

 

“Then neither are you,” Getou says firmly, cutting him off. “Satoru, you’ve been dealing with drawbacks like that for as long as I’ve known you and you’ve gotten so much better at handling them. To the point where I don’t even think your students know you can get sensory overload.” 

 

Yuuta blinks. He hadn’t known that.

 

“They don’t. I’d wanted to keep it that way.”

 

“My point is,” Getou continues, ignoring him. “We both came out of our respective prisons banged up. You wouldn’t be having those sensitivity issues and such if it hadn’t been for the prison realm. I wouldn’t have to watch my back if it weren’t for the other. Why should you be recovering on a dime? Because you’re the strongest? Because you’re supposed to be invulnerable?”

 

“ Yes,” Gojo says, sharply but softly. Yuuta is starting to feel awkward for listening, but he can’t exactly stop listening now. Not once can he remember someone saying something like that to Gojo. He’s never even heard about him being injured, nevermind someone treating him like their equal.

 

“You’re human, Satoru. If it’s okay for me to have weaknesses, it’s okay for you to have weaknesses.” Yuuta stares at the hilt of his sword, and his guts twist with guilt because he had never thought about that before. To him, Gojo had always been this untouchable being, but Getou is right. “It’s not a bad thing, it’s just a thing. It doesn’t mean you’re less capable. You would have won in the end if you’d been alone, but you didn’t have to because I’m here. We protect each other. Right?”

 

“Right,” Gojo mutters back, clearly a bit grumpy but more relaxed.

 

“The only shameful part about that whole thing is the disgusting way the Higher-Ups used that against you,” Getou says bitterly. Gojo sighs, but nods. Getou gives him an exasperated look, and kisses him on the tip of his nose, laughing when Gojo looks stunned. “You don’t have to pretend to be invincible around me, or put up a front. In fact, I’d prefer if you didn’t. We can cover each other’s weaknesses.”

 

Gojo smiles to himself. “We can.” 

 

Yuuta forces himself to look away at that, more than a bit surprised. People have only ever treated his teacher like something either obnoxious or untouchable, not like this. Not tenderly, like something worth protecting. Despite himself, it clicks the missing piece into place.

 

He’d known in the back of his mind that Gojo and Getou used to be friends and they’d done tons of missions together, but it had never really clicked with how Yuuta had ever known them— his teacher and that curse user. Now, he wonders if they’d ever hated each other at all, or even thought of the other as their enemy.

 

Everything they’ve done, to each other and otherwise, is a heavy weight but they carry it between them. Yuuta can tell that their relationship is very new, but the way they work with each other, you’d think they’d been together for years.

 

It’s slightly harder to hate Getou’s guts after hearing that, to his annoyance. Hearing that side of his teacher, the man who’s always supposed to be this invincible thing, almost a symbol, yet Getou had handled it so readily.  Maybe he has been changed by his experiences.

 

 With Getou around, Gojo is less alone, Yuuta realizes. Not the lone champion at the top anymore. It’s odd. What will it look like for Gojo to have someone like Getou at his side?

 

He doesn’t doubt that Gojo will take Getou out if things go down that path again, or at least deal with the problem. But Yuuta can’t help but hope it doesn’t ever come to that, as much as he hates Getou’s guts. He dreads to think what it would do to Gojo to return to the way things were before after having someone he loves and who loves him by his side.

 

Besides. It makes his stomach turn slightly to think about, but Getou is a very powerful man. To have him as an ally…. It might be something. A leg up. 

 

Gojo turns sharply on his heel and claps his hands together, striding back towards the rest of the group. Getou walks next to him. “All right, here’s the plan. Yuuta, you’ll wait outside. I don’t want the Higher-Ups to drag you into this, one run-in with them is enough for a lifetime, don’t you think, Yuuta? Better for you to stand outside and stand guard in case they try anything funny. Got it?”

 

Yuuta bites the inside of his cheek. “Are you sure that’s the most I can do?”

 

“You’ve done enough already by looking after the others while I was gone,” Gojo says, waving him off. “There’s a risk of them sending in some other sorcerers to do their dirty work if they feel threatened, and I don’t want to be interrupted. Leave the revenge to us.”

 

“Revenge?” Yuuta asks, slightly hesitantly.

 

“Don’t worry,” Getou says, adjusting his hold on the severed head. “I’ll make sure he doesn’t do anything worthy of him being deemed a curse user.”

 

Yuuta raises an eyebrow at him. “Why the hell would you do that?”

 

“Because,” Getou says simply. “I know what it is for young people to be without their guardians.”

 

Yuuta feels slightly sick at that, and remembers something about the twin girls Getou was looking after. They’re dead now, dead while Getou was gone and away, and Kenjaku was using his body. “I see.”




The building itself is very nondescript and plain, Satoru wouldn’t have given it a second look if it had not been where they were sent. 

 

Inside, it’s very obvious which room is the one they’re supposed to head to. Satoru can see the cursed energy. They stride straight into the room together, Suguru with a serene expression and Satoru with the head tucked under his arm. Yuuta stays behind, leaning against the wall outside, clearly discontent with his assignment, but Satoru isn’t willing to drag Yuuta into his mess.

 

Higher-Ups, hidden in shadow beyond that patch of light in the center of the room, start talking to themselves in fierce whispers when they see Suguru, alive and with two knives sticking out of him. Some of them sound angry, some of them scared, some of them annoyed, some of them confused, and Suguru drinks it all in.

 

Satoru lets the leather slide off and drops the head in front of him when they’re in the center of the room. It rolls and lands until it’s staring straight at the man dead ahead from them, tongue lolling out of its mouth. That makes a pleasant uproar in the room. “Hello! Suguru killed your assassin,” he says simply, grinning. “He was pathetic. Begged for his life.”

 

“I’m a tad insulted that you thought he could kill me. At least you sent Yuuta,” Suguru says. “Nice to see you all again.” He waves with a calm smile.

 

“You!” one of the Higher-Ups shout. “You’re not invited here, we will see you separately! You’re to be executed on sight!”

 

“And I told you, that’s not happening,” Satoru snaps. His patience is long gone. “Were you ever planning on giving him a fair chance? Wasn't Kenjaku hijacking him enough punishment?”

 

“He was given a fair chance and he threw it away,” another one says. “He will be dealt with in the proper way.”

 

“What, quietly killed and erased?” Satoru crosses his arms. “Are you all really that scared of him? Imagine that. You didn’t even have the guts to arrest him.”


“Must be embarrassing,” Suguru says. “To be the ones on top and scared like that.”

 

“What we will do with Suguru Getou is none of your concern,” a lordly voice says. “Get him out of here. We have business to attend to.”

 

“ He isn’t going anywhere,” Suguru replies. “If the dinky assassin was your only plan, I’m going to be very disappointed. I’m worth putting more effort into killing. Ideally, some grand dramatic scheme. Fireworks. Bloodshed.”

 

“Erotic asphysixation,” Satoru adds, which makes scandalized whispered go up in the dark. Suguru snickers. “You don’t need to tell me what your plans are for him because I already know. I”ll tell you. You’re going to leave him alone. Simple. No conspiring needed.”

 

One of the Higher-Ups scoffs. “You cannot make that demand. Or what?”

 

Satoru tilts his head. “That’s a trick question, right?”

 

The Higher-Ups start murmuring again. “You are bold, Satoru Gojo,” the one right down the center says, leaning forward furiously. “Much too bold. Know your place.”

 

“What, are you going to set an assassin on me now? Try to execute me?” Satoru kicks the head. “The only assassin who could ever put a dent in me is Fushiguro Toji, and I killed him a long time ago.”


“How about this?” Suguru says, stepping forward. “You hate me, sure. But I’d do you more good if I were to be kept alive. I’m a very strong sorcerer, curse-user or not. Though, I’m leaning towards retiring that life, to be honest. And the one who’s been using my body like a puppet has been causing you all a lot of trouble lately. I have valuable information on their plans and allies.” He taps his head. “All up here, waiting. I could go on, but you get the idea, don’t you? I could be a valuable asset to keep around.”

 

“This is ridiculous. The point of this meeting was to do you the courtesy of informing you about the happenings during your absence, and you charge in here with threats and a murderer,” a stern voice says sharply. Satoru doesn’t trust his words in the slightest. They don't do "courtesy". 

 

“It wasn’t my intention, honestly,” Satoru says with a casual shrug. “We were going to come in here and be reasonable, but firm. Diplomatic. I'm not that type, but Suguru's good at it. I know you all were eager I was gone, but eh, I figured I’d make a bit of an effort. But then you tried to kill my boyfriend, and suddenly I’m not feeling so reasonable anymore.”

 

“I’m sure you can understand.” Suguru searches all their faces for reactions, drinking in the shock and indignation and disgust. Satoru does too, it’s exhilarating and satisfying to finally call Suguru his boyfriend. “So why don’t we cut to the chase so we can get Satoru caught up? We all know you can't really strong-arm Satoru into anything if he doesn't want to be."

 

“What’s it going to be?” Satoru asks. There’s nothing but whispers in the room, no answers yet. His heart is pounding in his chest. He’s never been this direct about his opposition of the people in charge, even though they all know Satoru could kill them all if he wanted to. He hasn’t gone there yet, but they all know it. And they know he’d do it. He’s fought against them before, but what will their reply be now? 

 

Finally, the room settles into silence, and the man straight ahead speaks. “Suguru Getou. You claim to have access to Kenjaku’s knowledge. Can you prove that?”

 

“I already have,” Suguru says, not wavering in meeting the man’s eyes. “I used Kenjaku’s knowledge to unseal Satoru. It’s how his standing here is even possible.”

 

More murmuring. “Satoru Gojo, can you confirm that Suguru Getou was the one to unseal you?”

 

“Sure can. I was there.”

 

The noise in the room increases as the Higher-Ups talk amongst themselves. Typical that the talk of information gets them some traction. “Enough,” one of them barks. The one in the middle. “This is ludicrous. We will return to this. Suguru Getou, your offer of information will be considered. You will not speak out of turn or there will be consequences. Now, we will get onto the intended purpose of this hearing.”

 

That’s something. In all honesty, it was a lot more than he’d been hoping for. Coming in with the head right off the bat had been a bit brash. But if there’s anything that can be trusted, it’s the Higher-Ups selfishness. “What have I missed?” Satoru asks cheerfully.




It’s only been five minutes since the Higher-Ups started catching Satoru up on the events he missed, and Suguru is really starting to wonder if the Higher-Ups are that arrogant. It’s only been five minutes, and Satoru is already practically shaking with fury. 

 

And Suguru is now glad that he didn’t tell Satoru what he knows. He thought he knew a good deal about the events that Satoru missed while he was sealed, but he’s surprised at just how much he didn’t know about. It wouldn’t have been pretty if Suguru had told him what he knew, then he found out about all of this. 

 

But this is almost cruel. They’re saying these terrible things in droning voices, like they couldn’t care less, things they should know it’s best to be tactful when telling Satoru about it. 

 

Suguru can’t help but wonder how much of it would have happened if Satoru had been there, and Suguru knows that Satoru is thinking the same thing. He wishes he could do something, but there’s probably nothing he could do or say that would improve the situation. It just keeps coming.

 

None of it gets to him before they tell Satoru about Nanami’s death. They haven't acknowledged Suguru after they started the business of the meeting. He already knew Nanami had died, but to hear it from them and so callously, like he didn’t give his life in their defense. Like he’s just another name on a list, not a person. A person, Suguru vaguely remembers, who wanted to retire in peace. And now he never gets tha. Most of the information, Suguru only cares about because Satoru does. But he knew Nanami. He didn't know him as an adult, but he knew him as a student, and he knew he had been Satoru's friend of sorts. Now he'll never know him. 

 

And they breeze right past that bit of information and onto the next.

 

Maybe it’s a punishment. Maybe they’re telling him like this to punish him for stepping out of line by sticking up for Suguru and making sure that he didn’t get executed. That makes him angry, because taking that kind of punishment isn’t worth it. He isn’t worth Satoru putting his neck on the line, but Satoru thinks he is. It better not be a punishment. But would it be any better if it weren’t meant as a punishment?

 

Suguru looks over to Satoru, and wonders what kind of face he’s making under his blindfold. He looks composed to the outward eye, sure, but his mouth is in a hard line, and Suguru can see how hard he has his jaw clenched. He cares so much, even if he pretends he doesn’t most of the time. It all happened while he couldn’t do anything about it, but now he knows, and he knows why they were keeping so much from him up until this point. They wanted to control how it would happen, or punish him with the information.

 

All in all, it probably doesn’t take more than ten minutes but it feels like a hell of a lot longer. As soon as the Higher-Ups finish their list and starting winding towards an end in the most magnanimous way possible, Satoru is walking out.

 

“We did not dismiss you,” one of the Higher-Ups says sternly at him, like she’s lecturing a child. Satoru stalls, frowning and is about to snap back, when she continues. “Lastly of all. Satoru Gojo, you have been determined an accomplice to the Shibuya incident, and you are now deemed a curse user, and permanently exiled. Unsealing you has, as an extension, been deemed a criminal act, and you, Suguru Getou, are now charged with that crime on top of your other charges. This council has decided your fates and they—”

 

“That’s enough .”

 

The ice in Satoru’s voice shuts them up immediately, likely out of fear at this point and not shock. Suguru can’t find it in himself to feel pity for the Higher-Ups— there are lines that cannot be crossed. He'd been wondering what it would take to push Satoru to that point. So he hangs back, and watches to see what will happen. This has been coming, he thinks. Satoru has put up with more than enough from them.

 

“Did you ever plan for me to be free?” Satoru asks, and Suguru can hear the even thread of fury in his voice. He didn’t even sound like that when he was shouting at Suguru after he left. Looking back, a lot of that bluster was hurt. “There’s not a chance in hell that you would have dared to make that decision if I’d been free. Thank fuck Suguru stepped in. He's a better man than you'll ever be.”

 

“Our decision has nothing—”

 

“Stop,” he snaps, composure cracking a bit with the harshness of his voice. “Just stop. You and I both know damn well I would have done everything in my power to stop Shibuya from happening if I could have. All of you love to forget I choose to play along with your shitty little game.”

 

The silence is the room is deafening. “Satoru Gojo, if you are threatening—”

 

“I’m not.” Satoru pushes his blindfold up, and stares the Higher-Ups dead on. Suguru shivers at the sight. He’d always thought it was slightly silly that Satoru played along with the old men at the tops’ stupid games, when he could crush them any second he wanted. “You’d know if I were.”

 

Still. If that happened, Satoru would never be able to come back from that. The last thing Suguru wants is to drag Satoru down with him. He steps up to Satoru’s side, brushing him slightly. Satoru jumps, and glances to him in surprise, as if he’d forgotten he were there. Suguru winks. As hot as this display is, he doesn't want Satoru to do anything he'll regret, or that will end up backfiring on his students. "Remember the students," he whispers. "They need you around." Satoru relaxes slightly, even if it is forced.

 

“Let me tell you how this is going to go,” Satoru begins, spinning his blindfold around his finger. His voice sounds odd. It's rare that his voice gets this cold. Most of the time it's light, but now, there's nothing but ice, like the blue of his eyes. “I will resume my position as a teacher of Jujutsu High. You will leave me and my boyfriend alone. It’ll be like going back to normal! Call me a curse user all you want, but keep it to name-calling, yeah? I don’t care what you call me as long as you let me do my job. Suguru will do you the service of providing information he can get and containing Kenjaku. He will be my partner, on and off the field. Is that clear?”

 

No one says anything for a long while, and Satoru refuses to break the silence. The head stands out starkly in contrast to the austere room. Satoru isn't stupid. He knows damn well the risk he's taking on, being so bold and talking to the Higher-Ups like that. But underneath it all, Suguru can sense that at the core of the bluster is how badly Satoru wants to hold onto Suguru this time. It rends at his heart. This man really does love him. And this time, Suguru really wants to hold onto him. Whatever heat this brings down on Satoru's head, Suguru swears he will bear it with him. Gradually, whispers pick up, then finally someone speaks. “Satoru Gojo, we do not respond kindly to the threats of—”

 

“It’s not a threat, fuck’s sake. Have you been listening? It’s me telling you how things will go,” Satoru says, and Suguru almost snorts. Never the diplomat, yet always so confident things will go his way. He would laugh, if he couldn’t feel the anger behind the words. Satoru means it. “You wanted me gone. Tough shit. Plans change. I’m back."

 

“You cannot seriously expect us to just let someone like Suguru Getou waltz away from this,” one of them snaps, but their voice shakes.

 

“Did I say that? I said that he’s with me,” Satoru says, crossing his arms. “And I don’t. But how about this? If Suguru Getou trips up, I will be held responsible.”

 

Suguru’s head snaps towards him, frowning. Satoru ignores him. “He most certainly will not.” Satoru frowns at him, opening his mouth, and Suguru waves him off before he can say anything. “I won’t have you put your head on the line for me.”

 

“Are you planning on making it so I do?” Satoru says, exasperrated, giving him a slightly annoyed look.

 

Suguru glares at him, and continues addressing the Higher-Ups. There’s no time to explain how Satoru’s promise could go. If he does promise that, the Higher-Ups could very well entrap him into tripping up or create a problem. Even if Suguru doesn't intend on doing anything that will trigger that, it might happen anyway. They'd exploit any loop hole. “I will be Satoru’s partner. If I return to my old ways, I will be held responsible, and Satoru’s banishment will be upheld. All the things Satoru’s said too.  But he won't be held responsible. My choices are my own.”

 

Not ideal, but that way, Satoru would still be able to look after his students in a worst case scenario.

 

“This isn't how I normally do this, but... this is a special case. Suguru isn't something I'm willing to compromise on.” Satoru toes the severed head with one shoe. "So what's it gonna be?"

 

The silence would be enough to make a man with less conviction bow, but Satoru isn’t that man. Neither is Suguru, and the Higher-Ups apparently sense that, even if their voices are tense with thinly veiled fury when they do speak. “We will push this business back to a later date.”

 

“How generous of you,” Satoru says venomously. He turns on his heel and starts to walk out with long strides, not looking back.

 

Not ideal, but it’s something. Suguru knows what it means. For now, what Satoru says goes. In the future, things might change. But they’ll deal with that when they get to it. Honestly, it’s more than Suguru thought they would get, but he forgot to factor in how stubborn Satoru can be when pushed.

 

“Take your severed head with you!” one of the shouts after him, but Satoru ignores them.

 

Suguru looks back at them. “Keep it. It’ll remind you what’ll happen if you step too far into our territory again.” He’s not particularly attached to Satoru’s students as of yet, but they matter to Satoru, so they matter to Suguru. With that he’s gone and the room is in chaos again.

“Thank you for your time,” Suguru says as insincerely as possible. “We’ll be going now. I look forward to working with you. Enjoy your severed head.” He sweeps out of the room to go find Satoru without a backwards glance. 

 

Yuuta is staring in the direction Satoru when he comes out. His head whips to Suguru when he pushes the doors open. “What’s wrong with him?” Then he shakes himself and starts to walk after him. “What am I even saying. Nevermind.”


“Don’t,” Suguru says firmly. Yuuta stops, raising an eyebrow at him. “It’s best if I talk to him. He’s furious. Things… didn’t go well.”

 

Yuuta goes pale. “They’re not… is Gojo…? Are they going to send him away, or—”

 

“No,” Suguru cuts in. “They’re not. Satoru would never abandon you.” Yuuta relaxes a bit, but not much. “They wanted to, but… well, there’s only so far that you can push a person, and Satoru had been pushed far enough. He took a stand.”

 

Yuuta gives him a sketpical look. “That’s vague.”

 

Suguru sighs. “I know. We can catch you up later, there’s not time right now. You should go wait by the car, I’ll go get Satoru. Fair?”

 

Yuuta levels him with a wary look, but slowly nods. “Fine.” Then he shuffles off to the car. Suguru goes off in the direction Satoru went.

 

He finds Satoru outside with his blindfold in his hands, facing away from Suguru, a fair distance from the car. He sees Ijichi starting to get out of his car, probably concerned or confused, but Yuuta shakes his head and Ijichi stays in the car. Suguru walks up beside him, not saying anything. He just waits for Satoru to speak, no matter how long it'll take.

 

It takes about five minutes of Satoru’s fists clenched so tightly that his knuckles turn white, but he finally speaks. “Tell me not to do it.”

 

“Do what?” 

 

“Kill them all. I want to kill them so badly,” Satoru says, teeth gritted, eyes wild. “They’d deserve it.”

 

“They would,” Suguru agrees. “Are you going to do it?”

 

Satoru kicks the ground. “ No. I’m not going to do it. What would it matter anyway? They’d just be replaced. Everyone’s replaceable to them. And that's not how I wanna make a change.”

 

“Yeah.” Suguru lets another silence pass by. “Do you want to talk about it?”

 

“No,” Satoru says quickly. “Not yet, anyway. Not here. We have time for that.” Suguru hums in agreement, and that’s when Satoru looks up and meets his eyes. They draw him in per usual, but there’s a wild fire in them that Suguru’s not used to seeing. And the way he's looking at him now... like he's measuring up his very soul. It makes his skin get hot. “What we want isn’t so different, is it Suguru? When it comes down to it.”

 

Suguru thinks about it for a second, and he's slightly surprised at the answer. At a glance, no. But underneath.... “I guess not.”

 

“So join me,” Satoru says. That gaze could burn someone, but not him. “Burn this shithole down with me. Between the two of us, we can change it in a way that matters. It won't be easy, or fast, but we can make a better future. We’re stronger together.”

 

Suguru stares at him, and realizes how true that is. Each of them on their own is enough, more than enough. They can live without each other, but that’s not the point of it. They’re better together. Happier, even. They balance each other out and connect with each other in a way that no one else does, because they’re not meant to. They're meant for each other. And now, they've made it back to each other. Who knows what they can do now? Suguru wants to find out. He wants to be a part of whatever ridiculous dream Satoru has, and he wants to force that dream into a reality.

 

“Hm.” Suguru extends his hand to Satoru, and it dawns on him just how much he's changed. If it had been any other time, he wouldn't have taken his hand. He'd have spit on it. But now.... He’s ready for this. Satoru's right, it won't be easy. There's a million problems that could come their way, going by the information the Higher-Ups have caught them up with, and the Higher-Ups themselves. They won't just let the insult the two of them had given them lightly. Suguru will be ready to take all of it if Satoru is right there with him. “All right. I’ll join you and tear this shit down brick by brick. We’ll do things our way this time."

Satoru grins and takes his hand. “I’ll hold you to that.”

 

They walk back to the car hand in hand. So much shit has happened between them, just because or even at their own hands. But even after all that, they're still their strongest when they’re together. And they always will be.

 
Notes:

    Why say “I love you and I want to be with you forever” when you can say “lead a revolution with me”?

    I really just wanted to showcase how much of a duo those two make with that last scene! To set the tone for how their "happily ever after" is going to look like. Basically, it's an open-ended type thing. Obviously their lives won't go on to be sunshine and butterflies, shit will go down, but they're together now! They're boyfriends, and partners, and they're gonna stay that way, and they love each other. It will be rough, but they make each other happy. The Higher-Ups are probably gonna try to take them down and mess with them, I didn't think it was realistic to have them just let everything go, but I mean... Gojo. He can make a hell of a stance when he wants to. He hasn't really crossed that line in canon, as in, hasn't used his strength to strong arm the Higher-Ups into doing anything, and it makes me wonder what line would have to be crossed for him to go there. I imagine it's something like this! After everything, Gojo won't put up with as much. It's not gonna be like, Gojo overthrows everything, because that's not his speed and he's said in canon he doesn't wanna do it like that. But with Getou there, his plan of changing things from the bottom up with his students will look different. There's no way Gojo's coming out of all this and doing things the same way he did before, so the thing with the Higher-Ups is appropriate, I think.

    And the ending lines! I thought it would be a nice sort of third stage of "we're the strongest" to "I'm the strongest". I think we can all agree that though Getou is a very formidable man, he's not equal in power to Gojo. But like, in terms of being partners, that doesn't matter! They're a great duo, and when they're together, they look out for each other and cover each other's weaknesses, hence the "stronger together" thing.

    This is a lot later than I'd usually update but I kept bellyaching about the quality of the chapter. I think this is up to my standards but honestly, I'd just been hung up about this being the last chapter of such a long fic. I've never written anything like this before! By the time it's done, it'll be novel-length and that's crazy because I wrote this all. in a small handful of months, start to finish! Thank you all again for reading this far, leaving kudos, commenting, it's been so fun writing this. There will be one more chapter after this, an epilouge. I didn't orginally plan to do another, this was gonna be the last one, but there's a few more moments I wanna explore that didn't fit into the story. That will be along soon! I hope y'all enjoyed this chapter!

Chapter 12: Epilouge
Summary:

    An ending, and a new beginning.

Notes:

    FUCK this is the last chapter. I didn't think that I would finish this today, but I did, so here it is! It took longer than usual, but I wanted it to be good. This one is shorter than usual, mostly to tie off some scenes I didn't get to include, and send them off into the sunset, so to speak. This chapter does have a short sex scene later on, nothing too graphic, but heads up.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

The ride back was very quiet, mostly because the moment that the adrenaline from the meeting wore off, Satoru and Suguru’s fatigue kicked in with a vengeance. It had been the most activity either of them had seen since their return. Suguru had just wanted to go back home after, but then Satoru reminded him that they had to drop Yuuta off at school so he could get home safely, and Satoru wanted him to see Shoko. 

 

Which was fair, he does still have two open stab wounds, plugged with knives though they may be.

 

So Suguru had settled for slumping against Satoru in the backseat, exhausted and in pain, eyelids getting heavier and heavier. Satoru has his arms crossed, and he might already be asleep, Suguru can’t tell. He nudges him to test. Satoru looks over at him, not asleep after all.

 

“So,” Suguru begins, smiling slyly. He pulls himself upright to look Satoru in the eye. Or, well, the blindfold. “How does it feel to be a curse user?”

 

“Honestly? Fitting,” Satoru says, not sounding all that upset. He’s calmed down from how livid he was after getting out of the meeting, to Suguru’s surprise. Maybe it’s the fatigue. “I’m not as surprised as I thought I would be. It’s exactly the kind of shitbag move those crusty assholes would make. Just funny to think about how shocked me of a few years ago would be. Still pissed though.”

 

“Finally got you to join me,” Suguru says, smirking triumphantly, and Satoru laughs. Good. He’d been getting too into his head. “Or, stoop to my level maybe.”

 

“Curse user?” Ijichi asks shakily from the front seat, next to Yuuta.

 

“So it’s true,” Okkotsu murmurs. “I had heard things, but….”

 

“Sure is,” Satoru says, way too cheerfully. Okkotsu frowns. “Oh, don’t give me that look. This doesn’t change anything.”

 

“How does it not change anything?” Okkotsu says, voice tense.

 

“Because it’s politics,” Suguru says, and Okkotsu looks over at him, narrowing his eyes slightly. Suguru ignores it and barrels on. “Satoru was gone, and they wanted it to stay that way. But now he’s not. He’s a curse user because they wanted to, ‘and stay out!’ him.” Okkotsu looks unimpressed, which makes Satoru snicker. “Think of it this way, Okkotsu. Do you think you could exile Satoru to his face?”

 

Okkotsu frowns again, but this time Suguru can tell that it’s because he’s thinking. “No,” he says at last. “I would have to be able to enforce it. And I can’t do that. Without the ability to make you obey, it would just be words.”

 

“Very good, Yuuta! That’s exactly what happened,” Satoru says. “They got too cocky because of my absence.”

 

“They could just put pressure on your students to make you obey,” Ijichi points out, not looking back in the rear view mirror. He’s still afraid of making eye contact with Suguru, which Suguru thinks is hilarious. “Like Itadori, or Fushiguro. Aren’t you his legal guardian? They could call that into question.”

 

Satoru groans. “Gloom and doom, gloom and doom! We won, Ijichi, we should be celebrating.” Ijichi grimaces. “Yes, fine. That’s a possibility. In fact, I expect them to cause problems for me. They’re not gonna take this lying down, but I’m not alone anymore. I’ve got Suguru.” To emphasize this, he bumps Suguru’s shoulder and grins at him. 

 

Suguru smiles back and squeezes his arm. Personally, he thinks “problems” is a bit of an understatement, but that’s fine, Suguru also has a say now. Satoru is good at many things, but diplomacy is definitely not one of them.”Yep.”

 

“Together, we can weather all that,” Satoru finishes, winding an arm around his waist.


Okkotsu flaps his hand at them. “Okay, what exactly happened in there? You never said.”

 

With that, Satoru launches into a rambly account of what happened with the Higher-Ups. Suguru would chime in sometimes to provide details here and there, but otherwise he left it to Satoru and ended up drifting off on his shoulder. 




Yuuta wanders off the moment they get to the school, muttering something about “the others”, which leaves Satoru and Suguru to make their way to Shoko on their own. Suguru had fallen asleep in the car, and getting out of the car, he’d kept wincing. 

 

“You sure you don’t need me to carry you?” Satoru says teasingly, but he’s not joking. He remembers all too well when Suguru couldn’t even make it across the bedroom by himself. It wasn’t too long ago. It’s odd to think how far they’ve come since then.

 

Suguru grimaces and straightens up from where he’d been leaning over the car. “No, I’m fine. I’ve felt worse pain, this is tolerable. Let’s go.” 

 

Satoru eyes the knives sticking out of him, but decides to leave it be. He follows him up to the school as Ijichi drives away behind him, probably eager to get home. It’s so late at night that it’s looped right around to early in the morning. He’s getting tired himself, yet another reminder that the effects of the prison realm won’t go away overnight. But he’s getting better. 

 

“What do you think Shoko’s gonna say when she finds out we’re together now?” Satoru had forgotten about it, but it’s worth discussing before they get to Shoko’s office. 

 

Suguru groans, looking queasy. “She’s never gonna let us hear the end of it. Fuck. You think we should tell her when we get there? It’ll be worse the longer we wait.”

 

“Priorities, let’s focus on getting you in one piece again.” Suguru’s probably right about Shoko, but despite himself, Satoru can’t help but feel excited. His boyfriend. He’s never had a boyfriend before. He’s tried dating, but it’s never worked out, and Shoko has been around to witness all of his failed attempts. She’d always teased him about it, about not being able to settle down. 

 

This time, Suguru’s here to stay. Satoru finally gets to say so, and it makes him feel a strange sort of pride.




Satoru ends up forgetting about telling her almost as soon as they get to the office, despite how visibly excited he’d been on the way. “Shoko!” he calls as he walks in through the door after Suguru. “I’ve got a patient for you.”

 

“Damn it, why? How? It’s like three in the morning or something, what have you been doing? How did you even know I’d be here anyway?” Shoko yells from somewhere inside the office.

 

“You have a shit sleep schedule, that’s how.” 

 

“Yeah, yeah, look who’s— holy fuck, Suguru.” Shoko’s eyes immediately go to the knives sticking out of Suguru when she comes around the corner. The shock only lasts for a second, then she’s grabbing Suguru and yanking him over to a chair. “Fuck, Satoru, what the hell? Have a little urgency, huh?”

 

“That is my urgent voice! Besides, it’s not that urgent.”

 

“It’s fine, the wounds are cauterized. The knives were red-hot when they went in,” Suguru says calmly, letting Shoko get to work. At Shoko’s confused expression, he adds, “Some asshole assassin with fire jujutsu.”

 

“Assassin? Sounds like you two’ve had a busy night,” Shoko says. “This is gonna hurt.” Then she yanks the knife in Suguru’s arm out.

 

“Ow.”

 

“Oh come on, you’ve had worse in the last week. Now hold still. Satoru, stop hovering and tell me what happened with the Higher-Ups,” Shoko says flatly, getting to work with practiced motions. Satoru begins telling the story, pacing around behind her and fiddling with a tongue depressor he’d gotten from god knows where.

 

This time, Suguru only chimes in when Satoru starts editorializing too much or skipping out on important details. When he gets to the part about Suguru promising to be his partner in crime, so to speak, (pointedly skipping out on the details about how furious he had been after that meeting) a warm shudder does through Suguru. Somehow, it makes him more lightheaded than when Satoru asked him to be his boyfriend. It’s the future he thought he’d never get to hope for.

 

But somehow, someway, he has it. When Satoru gets to that part, he looks over and grins at him. Suguru smiles back warmly. It had taken a long time, yes, and a whole lot of heartache. They’ve been changed because of it all, and that’s a good thing. This time, they’ll hold on.

 

Mostly, he just watches Shoko work, wishing very much to be home in bed. Home. When had he started thinking of Satoru’s apartment as home?

 

Then the door bursts open. All of them except Satoru jump, which jostles Suguru’s stab wounds painfully. “You told us you weren’t dating!” Itadori shouts, the other two first years shuffling in behind him. Well, Kugisaki elbows her way in, tugging Fushiguro behind her, who looks very much like he’d been dragged out of bed to get here.

 

“What?” Satoru says, staring at them.

“Don’t play dumb,” Kugisaki says, pointing at them. “You lied! That means you were kissing when I interrupted you two at lunch.”

 

“Huh?” Shoko says, looking up from Suguru’s wounds. “What the hell are you kids doing here?”

 

“Yuuta told us everything,” Fushiguro mumbles grumpily, leaning against the doorframe. Poor thing, his eyes are still closed. “He’s in bed now, like I should be. He said something about you two being boyfriends. Is it true?”

 

Shoko’s head snaps from Satoru to Suguru, and Suguru’s stomach sinks. Satoru stops pacing to look at her. “I’m gonna need one of you two chuckleheads to answer him, pronto, or things are gonna get ugly.”

 

Suguru opens his mouth to answer, but Satoru cuts him off. “It is true! We had it out last night, Suguru’s my boyfriend now— Ow! What the hell was that for?” He rubs the spot where the cup Shoko had thrown at him hit him in the head. 

 

“For being dumbasses,” Shoko says, then she punches Suguru in the shoulder. His bad shoulder. Suguru hisses in pain. “Do you know how long I had to watch you two dance around each other like a couple of nervous little girls? Fucking years! And what, just like that you’re boyfriends now? What happened? Spill.”

 

“We got into an argument,” Suguru says simply, and Satoru nods. 

 

Shoko snorts derisively. “And that led to you two finally getting together?” Shoko goes back to fixing up Suguru’s wounds. 

 

“Yep.”

 

Shoko eyes him, then shakes her head. “Whatever works, I guess. I need more answers. Later though.” 

 

Kugisaki crosses her arms. “How the hell does something like that change overnight? And what’s this about Gojo being a curse user?”

 

“Does this mean you’re leaving?” Itadori asks, slightly hesitantly.

 

“If they have it their way, I will,” Satoru says scornfully. “But they won’t have their way. Believe me, neither of us are going anywhere. Suguru’s here to stay, and so am I. He’s gonna work with me.” 

 

Itadori relaxes at this, and Kugisaki nods approvingly. “So, Were you kissing?”

 

“All right, that’s enough.” Satoru claps his hands. “It’s early, and you all have school tomorrow. With me! I’m coming back tomorrow.” Suguru shoots him a glance, but Satoru ignores it. “So go get some rest.”

 

“This is stupid,” Fushiguro mutters, and shuffles out of the room.

 

“What? Wait, where are you going?” Itadori goes after them.

“This isn’t over,” Kugisaki says, pointing at Suguru. “I still wanna see how you fight.” Then she dashes off after them.

 

Suguru snorts. “They’re really something.”

 

Satoru nods fondly. “Yeah.”



 

Shoko snaps her fingers, and Satoru’s attention snaps back to her. He’d been caught in his thoughts. “All right, they’re gone. What happened? What changed so fast?”

 

Suguru sighs, seemingly having dreaded this part. It’s slightly funny to Satoru, so he watches, as eager as he is to chime in. “Well, we were kissing when Kugisaki came to get us.” Shoko mutters something like, ‘offuckingcourse’. “It was an accident.”

 

Shoko gives him a blank look. “An accident. Seriously?”

 

Satoru hops up and sits on the counter. “And he freaked out. Wouldn’t let me get a word in edgewise. I managed to corner him when we got back to our apartment. It ended up becoming an argument.”

 

“Lemme guess, Suguru pulled back and you got huffy about it?” 

 

“Rude,” Satoru says flatly.

 

Suguru sighs. “You know us too well.”

 

“He was gonna pretend nothing happened!” Satoru says indignantly. How the hell had he been planning on doing that anyway? Suguru’s a smart man, but good lord, sometimes…. “The nerve. Anyway, he snapped out of it. And yeah, I ended up shouting at him. Then....” 

 

He trails off. Urgh. Well, then he had bared his heart to Suguru, and then tried to close off before Suguru interrupted him with a kiss. Then they had fucked on the bathroom counter. But that part of the story gets caught in his throat— something about it is just too private to share so casually with Shoko. Suguru raises an eyebrow at him, a glint in his eye, but before Satoru can say anything, Shoko does.

 

“You don’t have to tell me everything, Mr. Cagey,” Shoko says drily. “I get the picture.”

 

Satoru chuckles. Sometimes, he forgets how well Shoko knows him. “Good.”

 

Shoko pauses as she does some finishing touches on Suguru’s wounds (now scars) and then straightens up. “But that’s what did it, huh?”

 

“Yep.” Suguru rolls his shoulder, then scoops up the knives Shoko had pulled out of him. Shoko give him a look. “What? I’ll clean them.”

 

Shoko shakes her head. “You’re both ridiculous, but…. Honestly, it makes sense. You guys have always sort of been do first, talk later. Not great for communication.” She steps back and looks at the two of them, her arms crossed. “But I’m happy for you two. I’m glad you two could work something out, especially with all the fucked up shit the two of you have been through. You guys deserve it.” She stands up and looks between them. “Was it worth it?”

 

“Definitely,” Satoru says immediately. Most of the time, it had been pain and suffering and blood, but…. When he has nightmares, Suguru can wake him up now, and tell him he’s safe. He can wake up to Suguru’s pissed off face (never been a morning person) and bedhead in the morning. 

 

It was definitely worth it, if he gets to have those moments, without the prospect of sacrificing his own happiness hanging over his head.

 

“I keep the promises I make. I’m not going anywhere if I have anything to say about it,” Suguru says, and Satoru believes it. 

 

When he remembers the promises they made just after the meeting, when Suguru had found him, it squeezes at his heart. He’d forgotten how much he had missed having that, not being alone at the top. After Suguru’s death, he’d gotten so used to the isolation of being the strongest. Now he’s not alone anymore. He has an ally, a partner in the way that no one else could be for him. Because he and Suguru, they were made for each other.

 

What will come of it? For the first time in he doesn’t know how long, he’s excited for the future.

 

Shoko narrows her eyes at both of them, then sighs. “Good. I’m not dealing with Satoru’s broken heart if you leave or die again.” 

 

“Not a chance. This is the first boyfriend I’ve ever had and the last. He’s stuck with me.” Satoru grins happily, and Suguru laughs fondly.

 

 “Gladly.” 




They get home very late and get about three hours of sleep before they have to wake up again, but Satoru pulls them back into bed. “You’re going to be late, Satoru,” Suguru mutters, but lets himself be pulled.

 

“Stay, Suguru, it’s fine. Just a few more minutes.” Suguru would have refused otherwise, it’s Satoru’s first day back, but Satoru had been kissing him while he asked, so he couldn’t bring himself to do it. Idly, as he starts to kiss Satoru back, he wonders if that’s going to become a habit— Satoru kissing him to get what he wants. It’d make Suguru’s life very difficult.

 

Suguru decides he wouldn’t mind in the slightest if this became a habit as their kisses turn deeper and longer, until Satoru is pulling him flush against him. Suguru groans into his mouth and grinds against Satoru. “You’re really going to be late, Satoru.”


“Who gives a shit, I can just teleport there,” Satoru replies breathlessly, dipping down to bite at Suguru’s neck. He likes doing that, Suguru’s noticed. “Can’t I indulge in a fun with my new boyfriend?” To emphasize this, he squeezes Suguru’s ass.

 

Suguru snorts, but pulls Satoru up. “You’re ridiculous.” He kisses him, long and hard, feeling his head start to swim. Waking up is the worst, but if it’s like this, he doesn’t mind it so much.

 

“You love me.” Satoru nips at his lip, gripping at his hips to pick up speed.


Suguru inhales sharply. “Yes, I do, don’t I?”

 

“Fuck,” Satoru breathes, trying to get impossibly closer to him.

 

It’s messy and sticky, but oh so sweet. In a strange moment, he realizes he’s never had morning sex. He’s never woken up with anyone by his side, nevermind someone who would indulge with him in that sort of thing. 

 

He shakes off his thoughts and leans into the leisurely slide of Satoru’s body against him, and how ridiculously good it all feels. The minutes melt away, and Suguru can’t bring himself to care anymore about Satoru being late. 

 

Especially after he finally spills all over Satoru’s stomach, and Satoru moans at the sight of Suguru’s cum on him, and cums too.

 

They finish in a pile of sweaty, sticky limbs, and then Suguru drags them both to the shower. Satoru is probably going to be late, but that wouldn’t exactly be a shock to his students. This change between them is new, and years in the making. Satoru has a point, it’s fine to indulge a little. 

 

It’s a lot more comfortable that Suguru thought it would be. He’s never had a boyfriend before, he doesn’t know how it’s supposed to work. But everything is largely unchanged between them, except in small, ever significant ways. He doesn’t have to worry about giving himself away, he can just kiss Satoru.




After the shower, Satoru decides to eat something quickly while Suguru stays behind to take care of his hair. He doesn’t feel like cooking, so he ends up eating his way through the rest of the snacks that Shoko had bought them. 

 

He’s halfway through a bottled smoothie when Suguru charges out into the kitchen, hair done, dressed in more of Satoru’s clothes. It’s a sight he’ll never get tired of. He whistles at him, and Suguru rolls his eyes, but smiles. “You got plans or something?”

 

“Yep.” Suguru snags an apple and stuffs it in his pocket, then leans against the kitchen counter. “I’m going to find a quick job to do, then use the money to get some clothes for myself. Maybe there’s an old lady somewhere that could use some help with the creature that keeps scratching at her windows.”

 

“Probably. Always the old ladies. Be careful though.” Satoru reaches into his pocket and flicks a credit card at Suguru, who catches it. “Just use this.” Suguru frowns at him. “What? Lot simpler. Just take it.”

 

Suguru sighs, but pockets the card. “Fine. But I want to start making money for myself. My health’s been a lot better. I’ll be careful,” he adds, at Satoru’s look, “But I’m living here too. I want to start going halves on the bills.”

 

Satoru can’t help but grin. It’s really happening. Suguru’s really living with him, dating him…. It’s something a younger version of himself would never have dared dream of, for fear of getting his hopes up too much. “All right. If you insist.”

 

“I do.” Suguru makes a minor adjustment on his hair— loose and down. It’s been like that more often, because Satoru doesn’t have much in the way of hair-ties for him. Suguru pushes off the counter and heads towards the door. “I’m heading out. Try not to be too late for your first day back.”

 

“I won’t.” Satoru tosses the empty smoothie bottle in the trash and stands up, then calls after Suguru. “Come by the school later in the day! I wanna see about getting that training started.”

 

“Got it!”




Satoru does end up being late, much to his students’ displeasure. 

 

The first day back ends up being mostly re-familiarizing himself and group training. It’s nice being back with his students. And according to Yuuta, who had agreed to help out a bit, the others were coming back over the next couple of days. They were apparently pissed they’d been kept from seeing Satoru after he’d returned, and they had a lot of questions. Thankfully, Yuuta hadn’t answered them.

 

Things would be picking up from now on, now that the Higher-Ups weren’t actively trying to keep them contained and sheltered. And when that happens, he wants to be ready. As he watches his students train, he chimes in occasionally, ticking off things in his head that he wants to work on.

 

“I still think it’s a bad idea,” Yuuta grumbles off to the side as Megumi and Yuuji spar. “What’re they gonna do when they come back and see a curse user hanging around?”

 

“What is?” Satoru asks. “Having him come to the school or not telling them about Suguru beforehand?”

 

“Both.”

 

“Well Yuuta, you were told beforehand about Suguru, and you tried to kill him,” Satoru points out. “The first time Megumi saw Suguru, he tried to kill him too. Suguru can defend himself, but I don’t wanna deal with the hassle again. It’s best to just explain when they get here. That stuff can get lost on the phone.” 

 

Yuuta sighs. “I suppose so.”  

 

Satoru ruffles his hair, which makes Yuuta wrinkle his nose. “Oh cheer up! Things are gonna be different now that I’m back. You don’t need to worry.”

 

Yuuta levels him with a look, but smiles slightly. “I hope so.”




Suguru arrives later in the day, dressed in brand new clothes. Satoru gives himself a moment to stare, which Suguru notices with a smirk. “What do you think?”

 

“It’s… it’s good,” Satoru gets out, then shakes himself when he notices his students staring. “Not gonna go back to the Buddhist priest getup?”

 

Suguru rolls his eyes at him. “No. I do like how traditional clothing fits me, but….” 

 

Suguru shrugs and gestures to his outfit. It’s a dark yukata that falls on him nicely, with large sleeves and layers. The cut of it sort of reminds Satoru of the one he used to wear. This one is sleeker though, and there’s a few details that set it apart. Like the belt around the middle with intricate designs in red on it, of various monsters and terrors. 

 

“This one is different enough that I was satisfied,” Suguru explains, and Satoru almost jumps. He’d been too caught up in staring “I didn’t want to be reminded too much of the past. It’s a new start.”

 

“Well… I like it. It looks good on you.” He makes a mental note to come along the next time Suguru needs to go shopping, which is probably soon. He can’t have bought all that he needs, he’s not even carrying a shopping bag. Maybe it can be one of their dates.

 

“Will you two stop flirting and get over here? I thought we were having a lesson,” Kugisaki calls out to them. 

 

Satoru turns on his heel and walks back to the group, Suguru shuffling along next to him. “That lesson’s over. I’m helping Suguru with training.” Then he stops, thinking. “Actually, this could also be a lesson. Kids, you too Yuuta, why don’t you watch us? You might be able to learn something.”

 

Nobara and Yuuji whoop, but Megumi sighs. “We finally get to see Getou fight!” Nobara yells, sounding way too excited. Though to be fair, the sight of Suguru fighting can be an impressive sight. 

 

Satoru stretches, mostly to wake himself up, as he walks out to the field, Suguru making his way to a spot opposite him, a good handful of meters away. He’s running off of about three hours or so of sleep, and it’s starting to show. He’d managed to sneak in a nap at lunch, but…. Well, Shoko had been right. His physical stamina and regulation and such needed a lot more time to recover to what they had been before. All his cursed energy was there, but his body got tired and erratic far easier than before. Perhaps he should take it easier for longer, but he’s never been a patient man. 

 

Still. What’s better for improving that than training?

 

“So,” Suguru calls out to him, raising his voice to be heard. “How’s this gonna work?”

 

Satoru shrugs. “Well, the whole reason I proposed this was because the other one coldcocking you in the middle of a fight left almost got you killed last night…. So, I figure we fight until that happens. If not, until one of us taps out.” He shoves his hands in his pocket. “Make sense?”

 

Suguru nods, a smirk spreading across his face. “Yes.”

 

“Remember, the whole point is so that you have the opportunity to figure out what to do when the bastard tries shit in the middle of a fight, so it doesn’t put you at risk again,” Satoru says, but he can already feel his eagerness stirring. It’s been so long since he’s fought with Suguru like this, not anything at stake, just for fun, messing around. Or in this case, training.

 

“Is this even safe?” Yuuji asks from where the students are clustered off to the side. “Isn’t Gojo having trouble with like… regulation? And Getou….”

 

“It’ll be fine,” Suguru says, waving him off. “It’s been a while since we’ve sparred, high time to change that, no?” He tilts his head at Satoru with a smile, a glint in his eyes.

 

Satoru grins back. “Oh yeah. Besides, I’m told we should be expecting a guest sometime tonight.”

 

Yuuta stirs at that, slightly suspicious. “A guest?”

 

“Yep!” Satoru says cheerfully. “Maki! She’s dropping everything, wouldn’t tell me what, to come see me! How kind of her. So,” he turns to Suguru. “We’ll have to stop if she comes along. Things could get ugly if she sees the infamous curse user and her beloved teacher brawling.”

 

Suguru snorts at the word “beloved”, but says, “Probably. So.” He cracks his knuckles. “We’ll see which one comes first, hm?”

 

“Last one to tap out gets to pick where we get dinner,” Satoru crows out. 

 

“You’re on.”




With that, the two of them rush at each other— Satoru readying an attack and Suguru springing into the air on the back of a gnarled curse he summons. It’s not the most effective way to train Suguru on-the-fly defenses against Kenjaku, they know that. 

 

But that hardly matters at that moment.

 

As they fight, refamiliarizing themselves with each other’s fighting styles, taking in the things that have changed, they smile and jeer at each other, because it’s fun. It’s such a good feeling to be able to have fun again in a fight with each other. Figuring out how to train Suguru, or help Satoru, or the million other things they'll have to deal with, can come later. 

 

They’ll have time to figure all that out, time that doesn’t have to be borrowed, staving off an inevitably tragic end. Tonight, they can have fun with sparring and deal with whatever will come after when it comes. The future will not be easy, it never is with them, and neither of them had ever wanted a peaceful life. 

 

But now, along with all the chaos, the quieter moments are sweeter, and no longer remind each of them what they’ve lost. Now, they had it, right by their side, to kiss, and tease, and a thousand other warm memories. 

 

And in the midst of all the chaos, they’ll have each other to weather it with. And they will, side by side, confident and stronger with the other there to cover their back. They had more than earned it.

 
Notes:

    I didn't originally plan to have an epilogue, but through the process of writing this, there were some scenes that I wanted to include that didn't fit into the main story, so here they are. The thing about Suguru getting new clothes and Shoko finding out I especially wanted to write. The clothes thing because it's indicative of Suguru paving his own way and making his new life his own by having his own clothes, not just borrowing Satoru's, yadda yadda symbolism, idk I liked it. And Shoko because I can't NOT include that. And ofc, the short little morning sex scene because I wanted them to fuck one more time, and they deserve it.

    This has been my longest complete project ever, fan or original work. I can hardly believe that I've actually finished it, it seems like last week that I posted the first chapter! Thank you all so much for reading to this point, truly, I'm grateful. And thank you for all that lovely comments, they're so nice to read :) I hope you all have enjoyed this fic! I sure enjoyed writing it.

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Bookmark Comments (362) 

Kudos

ter_rry, C69837, Escargot_in_Royal_Red, JulieHytes, mjoralenko, bluestblur, k4ti0810, fieldsofclover, yourmumslefttoe, eleanorhen, psy90, ankela_boo, fanqi, JJJSchmidt, Welcome_To_The_Sinbin, Abi723, Ramseyyremss, veaverv, mild_sense_of_dread, marmilrew, Wellthatsironic, DeerCop, Gakifang, RedKing, Moriiquooo, CherrySongbird13, pkmocchi, pandorasnow, Lunar_Berry_Pie, thatclassydragon, surprisinglyMarkten, michelleoe, Alentes, Pyrosoma, Ghost_Queen_4440, StitchTheRagDoll, koonejo, Pumpkinbunnyy, Inugirlz, Anasdrdf, skopssewer, tokyodrifts, sadstrikers, m00ni3y, LittleDoot, yuquitalol_20, WinryRockbell, nonageslmus, mktoyx3, finalizer, and 4378 more users as well as 1856 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment
Comment as fictionfruit

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    Customize
        Default
        Low Vision Default
        Reversi
        Snow Blue
    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.412.4
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

