

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: hetalia f/f sort:kudos 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Share 

    Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Explicit 

Archive Warning:

        Graphic Depictions Of Violence 

Categories:

        F/FF/MM/M 

Fandom:

        Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling 

Relationships:

        Regulus Black/James PotterRegulus Black/Bartemius Crouch Jr.Sirius Black/Remus LupinJames Potter/Lily Evans PotterBartemius Crouch Jr./Evan RosierMary Macdonald/Lily Evans PotterAndromeda Black Tonks/Ted TonksRegulus Black & Sirius BlackSirius Black & James PotterRegulus Black & Barty Crouch Jr. & Evan Rosier 

Characters:

        Regulus BlackJames PotterSirius BlackRemus LupinPeter PettigrewAlbus DumbledoreAlastor "Mad-Eye" MoodyEvan RosierLily Evans PotterMary Macdonald (Harry Potter)Dorcas MeadowesMarlene McKinnonAndromeda Black TonksTed TonksNymphadora TonksBellatrix Black LestrangeTom Riddle | VoldemortVoldemort (Harry Potter)Harry Potter 

Additional Tags:

        AngstHurt/ComfortDark Regulus BlackJegulusBartylus- not endgame :((Endgame rosekiller!!!Not Canon CompliantFix-It of SortsBlack Brother AngstMorally Grey Regulus BlackAlbus Dumbledore Bashing 

Language:
    English 
Collections:
    Favoritos HP, Ongoing fic, harry and the marauders <3, Mischief Managed, rosasongoingfics, god tier, jegulus library, Regulus deserved better, marauders <3, sleep deprivation never bothered me anyway or whatever elsa said, Ashes' Library, mischiefmanaged, AllmyBookmarks, wolfstar fics but like also any other fic that sounds mildly interesting, I’ll kill for Rosekiller, jegulus fics that have my heart, jegulus has my whole heart, Da_leggere, jegulus <3, slytherinxpride's library of great harry potter fics, Home, youre_gay_Harry, Incomparable Excellence, I wanna eat you up (like Betty Crocker), peachyunies tbr, mashedpotatoes333 fav works, I WOULD DIE FOR THESE, Aki's Enchanted forest, best wolfstar pieces of literature, harry potter fics that had me rolling around in bed<3, Numerous OTPS Infinite Fandoms 
Stats:

    Published:
        2022-10-02
    Completed:
        2023-08-11
    Words:
        355,702
    Chapters:
        42/42
    Comments:
        3,654
    Kudos:
        25,661
    Bookmarks:
        7,666
    Hits:
        1,230,313

Whatever happened to the young, young lovers?
georgia_sk
Summary:

    Regulus Black, presumed dead for over 2 years, shows up at an Order of the Phoenix meeting with 6 mangled horcruxes and Voldemort's corpse.

    How does the wizarding world move on following the abrupt end of the war, and how does Regulus come to terms with the last four years of his life?

    Not on his own evidently, as his brother makes an effort to return to his life, James Potter tries to weasel his way into his heart and the friends he left behind in the name of the war aren't willing to leave him alone any longer.

    An endgame jegulus, wolfstar and rosekiller longfic with regular updates, angst and drama.

Notes:

    Translation into Español available: Whatever happened to the young young lovers? (TRADUCCIÓN) by jeguluskinnie
    Translation into Português brasileiro available: Whatever happened to the young, young lovers? by Mah_andrade13
    Translation into Nederlands available: Whatever Happened to the Young, Young Lovers - Nederlands by Luka_writes1
    Translation into Português brasileiro available: Whatever Happened to The Young, Young Lovers? by tsukiways
    Translation into Українська available: Whatever happened to the young, young lovers? (UA) by nastsipel_l
    Translation into 中文-普通话 國語 available: 【授权翻译】Whatever happened to the young, young lovers? by Beibei_Xue

    Translation into Russian by Ayamkaa available here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/12819768

    Hello everyone! I've updated this pre-chapter note box just to make it easier to communicate everything!

    THIS IS A HAPPY ENDING FIC!!! IT WILL NOT ALWAYS SEEM LIKE IT BUT TRUST THE PROCESS- A HAPPY HAPPY ENDING IS PROMISED.

    Firstly, thank you for coming and reading this fic- it's my first one I've written, so if you have any ways that you think I could improve my writing or anything then you want to see then feel free to leave comments with your suggestions. IF YOU HAVE NOTHING NICE TO SAY THEN I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT. IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT THAT'S FINE, BUT IF YOU'RE GOING TO PULL APART THE HARD WORK I'VE DONE THEN I DONT WANT TO KNOW.

    Secondly, translations are welcome, I've already had 2 requests which was lovely, but just credit me as the original author and send me a link so I can add it to this page so that other people can read it too!

    Thirdly, I'm updating at least weekly, but it's usually more frequent than that.

    Fourthly, I'm not putting content warnings in every chapter, but this a dark fic with dark themes involving murder, torture, and depression/suicidal themes, so if you think that may cause issues for you then probably best not to read. This fic is tagged as explicit but that's for the violence side of things, there is no explict sex in this although it is referenced.

    Fifthly, I have tiktok which you're welcome to follow @georgia.s.k but I'm not going to give out my instagram or snapchat or anything unless we're mutuals or at least interact online beforehand :))))

    I love reading through your comments so feel free to send them in.

    Lots of love x

(See the end of the work for other works inspired by this one.)
Chapter 1: Prologue
Chapter Text

The second wizarding war is long.

 

Voldemort never ceases his reign of terror, and nobody is safe. Not even the purebloods, whose preservation is one of the things that the death eaters are fighting for.

 

Nobody is safe, and those in the Order of the Phoenix know it all too well.

 

First, the McKinnon's died, and Dorcas Meadows followed shortly after. She took out six death eaters in her reckless, grief-induced rage, and it took Voldemort himself to kill her in the end.

 

Then, the Longbottom's, who, while not dead, aren't exactly living either, rather signed to an indefinite stay in St Mungo's, too far gone on the cruciatus curse to remember their names.

 

Thousands of muggles have died, dragged into a war in a world they didn't know existed, and hundreds of witches and wizards have gotten caught in the crossfire.

 

Nobody is winning.

 

Relationships are being strained, friendships are falling apart, and there's nothing to show for it. The more death eaters they capture or kill, the more death eaters Voldemort recruits.

 

Nobody on the light side knows how they find the strength to get up every morning and continue to fight, but they do it anyways. They trust Dumbledore, and they trust that he will see them through to the end of the war and bring them out the other side.

 

They only see one other logical outcome, which is a notion they refuse to entertain.

 

Voldemort will not win; they won't allow it. 

 

They deny the fact that without any leads to follow or breakthroughs in sight, he already is.

 

The first kill is always the hardest, but they barely even blink now. Death is a new part of life. They have no time to grieve their friends or regret the end of their enemies.

 

They're supposed to be the good guys, the side of the light, but everybody's a sinner when it comes to war. Nobody expects salvation to come from one of the devils' greatest.

 

 

The Order of the Phoenix is having its weekly meeting in the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black when the wards alert them to a new arrival.

 

Ever since Sirius' parents died and his brother went missing two years ago, presumed dead, he became the heir in very much a full circle fashion and offered the use of Grimmauld Place to Dumbledore as a final fuck you to the family that he never regretted leaving. 

 

He spends most of his time in his flat with Remus in Camden but returns to his childhood home every Thursday for the Order of the Phoenix meeting.

 

The wards on Grimmauld Place must be some of the strongest in wizarding Britain. As the sole Order of the Phoenix member who can modify them, it takes Sirius over an hour for each person to be added.

 

This is why, on a Thursday night in late November 1980, Sirius is shocked when he doesn't feel the familiar alert of the arrival of somebody that he's keyed into the wards. Instead, it's like the physical version of a doorbell that alerts everybody to their arrival using air vibrations instead of sound. He knows this because everybody jumps slightly in unison, mirror expressions of confusion reflected on every face in the room.

 

"This isn't one of us", Sirius cries out, interrupting Kingsley Shacklebolt's spiel about the Death Eater raid in Herefordshire occurring on Sunday. There are 30 or so people in the room seated around the dining table, and at Sirius' announcement, they all stand up, wands raised, ready to fight. Everybody has the same thought going through their head. Who is it? Who could've gotten past Black family wards? They hope the wards have made a mistake but know the wish is futile.

 

The calm and confident sound of boots against wooden floors sounds out down the hallway, and some wands rise in fear while others drop in shock as they see the figure who strides into the room like it's his own.

 

It isn't a group of death-eaters.

 

It isn't a member of the Order of the Phoenix.

 

It isn't even Voldemort.

 

It's Regulus Black.

 

 

He looks feral.

 

He's attractive, always has been thanks to Black genetics, but now there's blood dried on his forehead and staining his robes, and his hair is a bit matted like it hasn't been brushed for days. Sirius swears that he sees a twig in it. Despite that, he's still flawless, and he exudes confidence and power. He looks as though he's just come from a fight.

 

His gait is effortlessly elegant, and he stands at the open end of the table that everyone is seated alongside while Dumbledore sits at the head. The chess master controlling his pawns, unafraid to make sacrifices. 

 

Regulus looks entirely unafraid, merely raising a single eyebrow at the hostile welcome.

 

Alastor Moody shoots a stunner at him instantly, which dissipates a few inches before it hits him. It looks like there's an invisible barrier around him, protecting him from the people who claim to fight fair.

 

Moody sends more and more curses at him that get progressively darker and never seem to hit him, and eventually, he stands, panting and glaring at Regulus.

 

"You really thought that you'd be able to curse me in my own house?" he asks condescendingly. Then, "those last three curses should have landed you in Azkaban, although I forget that the rules are only a guideline when you're on the light side." 

 

He casts a wordless expelliarmus that Moody is somehow unable to block as he places his wand at the other end of the table.

 

"That's dark magic you're using, boy," he growls out, to which Regulus simply replies unperturbed, "It's Black magic."

 

"Same fucking thing, isn't it?" Sirius mutters, but nobody tries to curse him again.

 

Dumbledore finally steps in, but Regulus isn't taking chances with him either. He disarms him for good measure and leaves the pale ebony-coloured wand next to Moody's. Something unreadable passes through his gaze as he says in the same calm voice Regulus remembers from his Hogwarts days, "was there a reason that you came here tonight, Mr Black?"

 

"There was," he replies unhelpfully, smiling slightly like this is all one big game. The Death Eater versus the light who are playing by his rules.

 

"Are you here to help us?" Dumbledore continues, unconcerned by his rudeness. "Or do you need our help?"

 

To everybody's surprise, Regulus laughs at this, but he doesn't find anything funny. It's harsh, cold, and dangerous and several wands raise in trepidation.

 

"I don't need your help, and I'm not offering to simply help you. I'm here to tell you that everything you've worked towards, every life you've taken in the name of the greater good, has been for nothing. You have achieved nothing." 

 

Dumbledore remains infuriatingly calm as he replies, "we are doing our best, dear boy. War is a complex game".

 

Regulus smiles at this too. It's dark and threatening, but it's genuine as he reaches into his pocket and, without finesse, he throws six burnt and mangled objects scattering across the table.

 

"Good thing I know how to play."

 

Sirius sees what looks like a necklace, burnt to unrecognition. Remus sees a Hogwarts-issued diary that seems like it's been bathed in ink. James sees a shattered tiara that reminds him of the one his mother wore on her wedding day. They can't place what the other three are.

 

Dumbledore evidently can, and his face blanches, simultaneously expressing shock, surprise and wonder. This makes everybody realise that something big has happened.

 

"Are those -?" he begins.

 

"Horcruxes? Yes, they are. They are what you've been looking for all this time, aren't they? But to no success, I got them first." 

 

As Regulus looks around the room to see bewilderment and questioning faces rather than euphoria, his already low esteem of the Headmaster hits rock bottom, and he continues incredulously, "you didn't tell them what you were looking for? You made children fight, and they didn't even know what they were fighting for? I should've known that you were only in the war for the glory of it."

 

Dumbledore immediately protests this, but Regulus is ready. He doesn't care anymore; it's his game. Dumbledore can crash and burn.

 

"Oh, am I mistaken?" he asks casually. "Are you in this war for love too? Wouldn't be the first Dark Lord that you fell for, would it?"

 

You could hear a pin drop in the silence, but Regulus isn't finished. He's sneering down at Dumbledore's purple and gold robes as he says, "you're wearing ceremonious robes; not casual robes, gala robes, or combat robes. Fucking ceremonious ones. And what have you got to celebrate apart from thousands of deaths on the losing side?"

 

"They knew we were fighting to end Voldemort, but the details were too precious to share. Our side is still fighting to win, and there was a spy, you see -"

 

Regulus can't stand the way Dumbledore talks down to him like he knows nothing. 

 

"Snape was your spy, and Pettigrew was Voldemort's, yes, I do know that, and I know that you knew it too. Who do you think it was who sent the letters?"

 

Whispers break out at this, and Regulus sees glances shooting between the remaining marauders and Snape, who is at the other end of the table.

 

"You're not loyal to your Dark Lord?" Dumbledore asks, trying to maintain control of the conversation, but Regulus hasn't dropped the bombshell yet.

 

"Does it fucking look like it?" he asks incredulously as the air seems to crackle around him with dangerous magic, and with a careless wave of his hand, the disillusionment spell over the table is cancelled, and Lord Voldemort's corpse rests face up on the dining room table.

 

Screams, shouts and tears are released, but Regulus is calm and collected as he says, "you confirm that this is his body, yes?"

 

"Yes," Dumbledore answers hoarsely after casting a couple of spells.

 

"Good," Regulus replies emotionlessly, and without warning, fiendfyre shoots out of his wand and people are scrambling away and casting aguamenti to no avail as the smell of burnt flesh fills the air.

 

Regulus is entirely unperturbed as he eventually cancels the spell leaving a pile of ash in the middle of the table. The table is still shocked, and this only manifests as they see the pristine condition of the dining table; the magical prowess that he must possess for it to not have gone out of control is astounding.

 

Bewildered glances are given to him at the violent display of magic, but Regulus carelessly says, "wouldn't want anybody to be able to use his bones to bring him back to life." He looks around the table and continues, "now, I would say thank you for all the help you did, but I don't think there was any." 

 

He turns around to leave and return to his room when Dumbledore's voice makes him stop.

 

"We're glad to have you on our side, my boy," he says, smiling genially.

 

Regulus' ice-cold gaze cuts into him. "I'm not your boy, and I'm not on your side."

 

"So, you are taking over from Tom?" 

 

How fucking dare he , Regulus thinks. "I didn't end this war just to start another one. I'm not on either of your sides, so realise you did absolutely fuck all and then get the fuck out of my house. I don't need you here, and I'm not on the dark side or the light side. I'm on my own side."

 

"And what side is that?" Dumbledore asks in the same frustratingly calm voice.

 

Regulus looks him dead in the eye and says coolly, "the side that won."

 
Chapter 2: Chapter 1: July 1977 - September 1977
Summary:

    How Regulus enters his *reputation era*

Notes:

    Hello!! Firstly just wanted to say thanks heaps for your response to the prologue, its so exciting and rewarding for me to see the comments, so feel free to keep them coming.

    I hope you're not disappointed with this chapter, a lot of your comments were very "yay, dark Regulus, no morals Regulus" and now I'm just giving you sad boi poetry and trauma, but this chapter is basically how he goes from Regulus to THE REGULUS BLACK; I'm sure you'll enjoy the ending though :)))

    Good news though, chapter 2 is being written and its already 4,500 words and I've still got more to go so the chapters should get longer from here on in. Also if you see the chapter count is tentatively posted, I've planned out how I want this fic to go and if I pull it off right it's going to be THE FIC OF THE CENTURY (I hope), so stay excited and I'll stay writing. The odd chapters (I specify it in the chapter name) are the pre-prologue chapters and the even chapters will be the post-prologue chapters.

    The next chapter is the aftermath of Reggies return and continues where the prologue left off and THAT is the Regulus you've been waiting for.

    Also I just want to note that this fic has dark themes. The concepts of death, suicidal thoughts and torture are explored heavily and will be explicitly described at points so if this could be triggering for any reason then this probably not the fic for you.

    For those who do choose to read this though, I hope you enjoy, hoping to have the next update up by Friday xx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

July 1977

 

Regulus takes the Dark Mark exactly one year after Sirius runs away in a crude mockery of a celebration.

 

He's just turned sixteen, the youngest ever Death Eater; most others have to wait until they've graduated. It should be an honour, but instead, he feels dirty, tainted and cursed. 

 

He feels like a true Black.

 

His parents are finally proud of him. Regulus has gotten almost straight O's throughout his entire Hogwarts career, laughed at their jokes, learnt the languages they ordered and ignored the people they wouldn't want him to associate with, but it was never enough. He was always too meek unlike Sirius, too quiet unlike Sirius, too much of an introvert unlike Sirius, so even though he never gave up, he had mostly come to terms with the fact that he would never be enough for his parents.

 

Who would've guessed that all he had needed was an ugly tattoo.

 

He's not proud of himself, he wishes he could undo it all, but at the end of the day, it was always going to be him. His parents need an heir and have a choice out of the two of them, but Sirius would have preferred to die than take it. 

 

Sirius is full of life; he has his life to live; However, Regulus has nothing to live for, so he takes the mark, pleases his parents, and simply survives.

 

"You should be so proud of yourself," everybody says.

 

Regulus just smiles politely and tries not to throw up.

 

He wanted to be a writer. He has journals upon journals of book ideas and poetry. He was seven years old when he wrote his first poem. It wasn't very good, awful really and he had rhymed chocolate with coffee pot, but he had recited it to Sirius who had applauded loudly, and Regulus had felt invincible.

 

The first poem he ever wrote was about his toy rabbit.

 

Ever since Sirius left, the themes have gotten progressively darker.

 

 

School is awful. Regulus has just finished fifth year where Slytherin is a breeding ground for Death Eaters. He has a free ticket into the Dark Lord's inner circle; he's heir to the most powerful house in wizarding Britain, if not the entire wizarding world. There's no reason why the Dark Lord wouldn't take him and no way that his parents would let him live if he declined the offer.

 

They wouldn't kill him; they're not merciful people. They'd just imperio him and make him their little puppet who follows all of their stupid rules and does everything they say. 

 

Regulus ignores the voice in his head that says there wouldn't be much difference in how he acts now, and he ignores how the voice sounds a lot like Sirius.

 

Speaking of his brother or ex-brother really, they don't talk. Sirius had tried on the first day they saw each other again after he ran away, the first day of his sixth year, Regulus' fifth.

 

"Hey Reggie," he had said casually, trying to pretend nothing was wrong. Like he hadn't just abandoned him.

 

"I fucking hate you," Regulus had replied, and that was that.

 

From brothers to strangers in two simple sentences.

 

It's for the best , Regulus had told himself. He should live his life without you holding him back and dragging him back into the house he escaped from. It's for the best. This was easy to believe until he was in the privacy of his dorm, and he cried himself to sleep.

 

Regulus hates people and prefers to spend his time in the secluded corner of the library or in the dorm. Barty and Evan are generally there, given they're his dormmates, and Pandora comes and joins him in the library where they study in silence, but they're the only exceptions.

 

Everybody else is a fucking nuisance.

 

The Gryffindors spend the whole time hating the Slytherins and discussing the war. They're all going to join Dumbledore and defeat Voldemort like the morally righteous pricks they are. He knows his brother is joining them too because he'd given him a pointed look as he said it as if to say do you see what I'm doing? I'm nothing like our family. I'm nothing like you.

 

The Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws are generally quiet enough, but they exist, which annoys Regulus anyways.

 

And then there's the Slytherins. Oh my fucking god.

 

There are only three Slytherin boys in his year. He, Evan Rosier and Barty Crouch Junior and they've been best friends since the first day of their first year. They've never had a problem that couldn't be resolved.

 

If Regulus yells at Evan, he yells straight back and curses him for good measure, and if he yells at Barty then they inevitably end up snogging away their frustrations. It's not love or anything; it's simply just hormones and convenience, and if the feelings were to go any further than that, then they both know to just push it down and deny it. They know it can't go anywhere, Regulus is the heir to the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black, and he's had his wife picked out for him since he was nine. It's barely legal to be gay in Wizarding Britain anyways.

 

Barty's father, the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, was part of the team who voted against it, and Regulus and Evan agree that that's the only reason Barty hasn't publicly come out yet. Barty doesn't really care about anything except ruining his father's reputation, and learning that his wayward son is homosexual would only increase the ratings of the bigots who support him, and Barty won't allow that. 

 

It's ironic, really; his parents' approval is the one thing Regulus craves desperately, but opposites attract and all, he supposes.

 

That's the only good part about being in Slytherin; his dorm mates. The other Slytherins in Sirius' year and the year above him make Regulus consider murder, genuinely and truly.

 

Mulciber is the ringleader of the wannabe Death Eaters at Hogwarts; everybody knows his dad is one, but nobody is reckless enough to say it to his face. Avery is his second in command which mostly means he curses anybody that Mulciber orders him to, and then in their little gang are Nott, Travers, Crabbe and Snape.

 

If all they did was exist and leave him alone, Regulus wouldn't care. This is a common theme with a lot of things; if they leave him alone, they can do what they want.

 

But they're not leaving him alone.

 

They don't want to be his friends which is definitely a two-way sentiment; they just want him to recommend them to the Dark Lord. They're jealous of him, he knows this, and he enjoys rubbing it in their faces from time to time, but when they try and sit with him in the library, keep pestering him for information about what the Dark Lord is like and what might make him consider their recruitment and if he has any dark curses that he recommends they practice, it's a fucking nightmare.

 

They're sneaking out almost nightly, torturing muggles, burning down homes, defacing entire villages in an endeavour to win the Dark Lord's approval, and every time they ask Regulus to come; it's almost like a routine.

 

"Black, you coming with us tonight?"

 

“Fuck off, Mulciber.”

 

Sometimes though, when everything gets too much and Regulus feels as though he's going to crack under the pressure of being a Death Eater, being the heir, being a Slytherin during a war, he takes his warded journal from the warded compartment in his warded trunk and writes in an effort to try and distance himself from his god-awful reality. It never works for long, but it's something to ground himself and try to come to terms with his decision to be a martyr.

 

My parents can have me , he thinks. My parents can have all of me if it means they leave Sirius alone. 

 

His freedom in exchange for Sirius', it's a fair deal. (It's a shit deal, but his life is the only bargaining piece of value he has).

 

So take me , he thinks, have me.

 

I hope you kill me in the process.

 

 

Regulus' journal: 14th April 1977

 

I wish I was a star.

 

Nobody ever resents the stars; they can do no wrong.

 

A star is bright, pretty, noteworthy.

 

They guide us on our journey and tell the stories of others.

 

It cannot be captured nor controlled.

 

A star is free.

 

 

A star is an object.

 

They are taken for granted, never missed until they're gone but never celebrated when they return.

 

They are an expectation; the sky will have stars.

 

Stars exist for others, never for themselves.

 

Nobody listens to see if stars speak or laugh or cry.

 

A star does not have choices; it simply exists until it dies.

 

I am a star.

 

 

Regulus' current poem he's writing is about his first kill.

 

He's not an official Death Eater yet, you have to be of age to be initiated, but he's got the mark. 

 

Privileges of being a Black, he supposes.

 

Some fucking privilege.

 

Now, he's out in some small town near Manchester where Bella is teaching him the unforgivables.

 

"The screams they make are so entertaining, just you wait and see," she tells him cheerfully, her smile slightly unhinged.

 

Regulus wonders if that's why his parents had kept it on him for so long after Sirius had left. Entertainment. 

 

There's an entire muggle family; two parents and two children, but the children are already dead. Bella had tortured them until they'd stopped moving, and then she'd imperioed the mother to kill them while the father watched. It was supremely fucked up, but Bella had simply laughed, killing the mother with a quick avada kedavra and then looking at Regulus in her manic, deranged way.

 

"Your turn, little Reggie; you get to use all three on this piece of vermin over here. Get to it." 

 

There's a muggle saying, like a deer in the headlights, which Regulus had always found funny. It's two worlds colliding, muggles and animals, almost literally colliding as the car keeps driving and either hits it or swerves and he's always wondered where the saying came from and what the deer would feel like.

 

He thinks he knows now.

 

He is the deer, and the headlights, ironically, represent the dark side of the war coming closer and closer and closer. And he's frozen, wide-eyed and afraid. It's not what he'd wanted, not what he'd planned for, but it's happening anyways.

 

He doesn't know who's driving the car. Maybe it's the Dark Lord, maybe it's his parents, maybe it's no one at all, but it's coming closer and closer and closer.

 

And Regulus is frozen.

 

He can't move, can't stop it, can't change it.

 

He's left it too late.

 

The headlights are coming closer.

 

And closer.

 

And closer.

 

All he can do is brace for the impact and hope he survives.

 

He doesn't look the man in the eye, even though he can feel him looking at him. Imperius first, he thinks desperately. That won't hurt him. 

 

It's his first unforgivable, this is proper dark magic, but it's him or Sirius.

 

There's no going back.

 

So, avoiding all eye contact, Regulus takes a deep breath in and says, "imperio."

 

The man had been crying, straining against his bonds, begging, pleading for them to stop, have mercy, save his children and hurt him instead, but now he's quiet. His eyes are blank and glazed over, a puppet with his strings attached to Regulus' wand and Regulus sees his own family reflected in the one below him. Two parents, two children. 

 

He wonders if his parents would have pleaded for his life and begged for mercy or if they would've let it happen and said thank you.

 

Sirius wouldn't have let it happen, his mind helpfully supplies. Sirius would have died before he let somebody hurt you.

 

Regulus represses this thought the best he can and deliberately ignores the past tense.

 

"Stand up," he says shakily. The man does. He does it slowly, not as quickly as he would have if Bella had cast it, but he does it. "Sit down." The man does, and then Regulus cancels the spell, breathing heavily.

 

He wouldn't say Bella's impressed, but she's not disappointed, so he counts it as a win, not that anything about this situation is close to winning at all.

 

"We'll have to work on that, Reggie, but at least he did what you said. Boring though, you should have made him rip his own arm off," and Regulus and the muggle both shoot incredulous and horrified looks at her, but she is unperturbed, simply grinning at the thought of it as she says, "you know what's next."

 

The cruciatus curse.

 

He knows what it feels like, he knows what to say and what the wand movement looks like, but he's never been at this end of it. 

 

He doesn't want to do it.

 

He doesn't think he can do it.

 

He doesn't want to find out.

 

He's not refusing per se, just hesitating, stalling, waiting for an escape of literally any kind when Bella sighs. "Tut, tut, I suppose you need another demonstration," and then Regulus is left wondering why the man's screaming sounds so different from before until he realises it's his own.

 

Fucking Bella.

 

It doesn't last long, 10 seconds maximum, but it still hurts. Especially hers; it really fucking hurts. He spits the blood out of his mouth where he'd bitten his tongue and stands back up, shaking, looking at the muggle.

 

He doesn't want to do it.

 

He can't do it.

 

He has to do it.

 

He raises his wand.

 

"Crucio." 

 

Nothing happens. 

 

“Crucio. Crucio. Crucio.” 

 

It's still not working, but he can't not do the spell. The fifth time he tries and fails, Bella's wand is on him again.

 

"You have to mean it, little Reggie. We're not getting out of here until you've done it."

 

Regulus tries to focus. He thinks of his parents who he's trying to make proud, and he thinks of his future, how this is going to be his new normal. He thinks of Sirius, who had no problems betraying him and tries to focus on the anger instead of the hurt. He occludes everything away, every emotion, every last thought, until only his anger remains.

 

Then, looking at the man but still avoiding eye contact, he casts the spell.

 

It works this time, the man twitches violently, and Regulus remains unphased when he hears a bone crack. The moment he starts screaming though, he's transported back to the drawing room where Sirius got tortured, and his occlumency shields weaken as he jolts his hand back and cancels the spell.

 

He feels sick.

 

"You'll get used to it eventually," Bella says, patting his shoulder in mock consolation, and Regulus doesn't comment that this only makes him feel worse.

 

The nausea only increases as Bella voices the thought spinning through in his mind. "You know what's next little Reggie, it's time to end this filth. The only demonstration you'll get now is if I do it on you."

 

Do it,  Regulus thinks. I'm begging you to do it.

 

He looks at the man who is looking back at him, but he doesn't look scared. He's calm, and he smiles as he looks Regulus in the eye and nods. It's okay, the nod means. You can do it, It's okay.

 

I'm sorry, Regulus hopes he communicates with his eyes. Then he looks away, focuses on the long fingernails digging into his shoulder and croaks out, "avada kedavra."

 

The green light hits his target, and the man slumps backwards into the wall.

 

Any remaining occlumency shields fall, and Regulus can't control himself as he throws up violently, but Bellatrix just laughs, patting his shoulder in faux sympathy and saying, "there we go little Reggie, we'll make a Death Eater out of you yet."

 

Regulus just dry heaves in response, his mind fixed on the muggle.

 

He had been kind. He had looked him in the eyes, knowing he was about to die, and he had smiled at him. Maybe he was waiting to join his family again, but it still doesn't make sense. Muggles weren't supposed to be kind; they were supposed to be out of control and dangerous and a threat to the safety of the wizarding world. It doesn't make sense, but he's not stupid enough to voice his concerns to Bella, instead he simply follows her down the hallway and through the front door where she sets the house on fire.

 

Before he exits the house, he sees an envelope on the side table. 

 

Mr Steven Copperfield and family,

14 Ainsley Court

Prestwich

United Kingdom

 

As the war continues, even after his kill count tops 10, then 50, then 100 and all the dead eyes and corpses blur into one, Regulus never forgets that name.

 

 

Later, much later, he's lying on his bed, eyes red-rimmed with crying, and he's wondering how he can get out of this mess. As much as he may be tempted, Sirius has another three months until he's 17 and away from their parent's control, and their parents need an heir, so killing himself isn't an option. He's got to hold out until at least November 3rd when Sirius is 17, and there's no way that their parents can drag him back. Maybe it can be a Christmas present to himself instead.

 

They need an heir, they'll do anything to get an heir who will take the Dark Mark, but Sirius never would. He'd rather die. He would choose to die, but Regulus can survive this.

 

He doesn't want this, he doesn't want any of it, but he doesn't know how to get out of this hole that's already been dug.

 

It isn't until he returns to school for his sixth year at the welcoming feast that he realises his other choice. Dumbledore. He's the head of the side of the light, the most powerful wizard in Britain. He can help him.

 

He goes to his office the same evening, the gargoyles opening the staircase instantly like they were waiting for him. Dumbledore is sitting behind his desk, and if he's surprised to see a Slytherin come to his office for a casual visit rather than a disciplinary meeting, he doesn't show it.

 

"Good evening, Mr Black, have a seat." And then, "lemon drop?"

 

"No thank you, Professor", Regulus replies.

 

There's an awkward pause before Dumbledore speaks again. "What can I do for you, dear boy?"

 

Regulus takes a deep breath, swallows his pride and says, "I'm hoping you can help me, Professor."

 

Dumbledore instantly looks intrigued, even as he tries to hide it, but Regulus knows what he's thinking. What could the heir to the Black family, the darkest in all of Britain want from someone like him? All he answers with though, is "and what might that be with, Mr Black?"

 

"My parents want me to become a Death Eater, Sir," Regulus says carefully, avoiding the fact that he already has the mark. He's sure Dumbledore can read between the lines that what his parents want, his parents will get, so if he's not currently one, he will be before he graduates.

 

"I see," Dumbledore replies. "And you do not want this?"

 

Obviously not or I wouldn't be here,  Regulus thinks derisively.

 

"No Professor, I don't, but I don't know what I can do. Sirius has left, and it won't be easy for me to do the same because my parents need an heir, and if I'm an heir, then I'm a Death Eater. I can't have one without the other."

 

"Do you want one without the other?"

 

How are you missing the point of the conversation so spectacularly?  Regulus wonders incredulously.

 

"No, sir," he says out loud, "But I don't know what to do about it, and was hoping you could help me, even if I need to stay at Hogwarts during the summer break until I'm of age and they lose control over me."

 

There. Regulus has said his piece; he's gotten it out of the way. Now for the solution, which –

 

"I'm afraid, dear boy, that you've already identified the problem," Dumbledore says gravely. "Until you are of age, there is nothing I can do."

 

"What?" Regulus replies, shocked. He thought that the hardest part of this would be gathering the courage to ask; he never thought Dumbledore wouldn't be able to help him. "I mean, pardon me, Sir? How is there nothing that you can do? You're the headmaster and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot."

 

"I do indeed hold those roles; however, your parents are your family and your magical guardians. I'm sure they have your best interest at heart and only want what's best for you."

 

What the ever-loving fuck?

 

"And the best thing for me is to be a Death Eater?" Regulus asks in disbelief. "Is that what you're saying?"

 

"If this is a path your life takes you down, then there is little I can do to change it."

 

"I'm asking you for help, Professor," Regulus pleads desperately, all remnants of pride forgotten. "I'm asking you to change it. Is there nothing at all? No protection programme by the ministry? I'll make do on my own; I just need a way to stop them from bringing me back. Please Sir, please."

 

"What could you possibly need protection from, dear boy?" Dumbledore replies. "They're your parents. Like I said, until you're of age, there is nothing I can do."

 

That is the moment that Regulus realises that the side of the light is run by a fraud. Dumbledore could have helped him. Dumbledore should help him; is this not his job as the headmaster?

 

Regulus knows without a doubt that he would've been offered help if he was a Gryffindor, but he's evidently not worth saving as a Slytherin. The light side, the good guys, whatever they want to call themselves, they're just a bunch of hypocritcal bigots.

 

Well fuck them.

 

"Duly noted, Professor, I appreciate your time," Regulus says tonelessly, and then he walks out without being dismissed.

 

If all anybody will ever see him as is as a Black, as a Death Eater, as someone dark, cruel and dangerous, then that's exactly what he'll be.

 

Regulus never hesitates before an unforgivable again.

 
Notes:

    My favourite line: From brothers to strangers in two simple sentences.

    Also me writing the Bellatrix scene, "yeah this is good."
    Me rereading the Bellatrix scene, "shit you've got issues..."

    I know people want dark Regulus with no morals and straight chaos which you WILL GET SO DO NOT WORRY, but Regulus is a person and he will have emotions. He's not going to be sad and mopey the whole time, this is really only this chapter, he will be dark and vengeful and unhinged for most of it, but I'm not going to treat him as a robot. This is probably better left until the end of the next chapter to see what I mean, and then you'll understand more as the fic progresses but I am going to explore what he goes through in depth.

    This seems very vague but oh well, can't wait to hear your thoughts, see you by Friday xx

Chapter 3: Chapter 2: November 1980
Summary:

    The aftermath, part 1

Notes:

    Hello!! It's 11.36pm but you're getting your Friday update as promised!!!

    I'll have the next update hopefully within the next 5 days, definitely by next Friday, it's coming up to end of semester so I'm very busy with assignments and sorting things out for summer, but the fic will keep being updated so no need to worry.

    Hope you enjoyed, we'll get a lot more of Dumbledore and chaotic Reg in chapter 4 (since the next chapter will be one of the Regulus fighting the war chapters) which I'm sure you will love, but there is a fair bit of Reg being quite something in this chapter. Also in either chapter 4 or 6, we unlock a *new character* which will pop off.

    Anyways, hope you enjoy and make sure to let me know your favourite parts or what you want to see next x

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

November 1980 

 

There is silence for a solid minute following Regulus' departure.

 

It was almost anti-climactic in the end, the way the war ended. Years and years of planning and fighting and living and dying, all for a 19-year-old boy, barely a man, still only a teenager, to not only drop the answers on their lap but have the puzzle solved without errors, almost like an afterthought.

 

Dumbledore is still seated at the head of the table, his eyes unmoving from the pile of ash that used to be Lord Voldemort.

 

Sirius has an endless loop of he's alive, he's alive, he's alive in his mind as he thinks about the brother he spent the last two years grieving for. There had always been a part of him that believed he was alive, that if he focused hard enough, he could find him, but anytime it tried, whatever glimpse of Regulus he thought had always slipped out of reach. The other more rational part of him had tried to accept that he was gone and grieved anyways. 

 

"You're dead to me" was the last thing Sirius remembers saying to him during a Death Eater raid in Swansea. It was one of his first ones, him, James, Remus and Peter all fighting for the light, doing the right thing, trying to win the war, when he recognised his brother. He had been wearing the same black robes as the others, his head hidden underneath his mask, but none of it had mattered; Sirius knew it was Regulus. He held himself differently than the others, like he was better than everyone else, like he was a Black and he knew it.

 

He hadn't realised until after that Regulus had only been casting defensive spells against him and that the two offensive spells he'd cast were to those on his own side. 

 

And all Sirius had said was, "you're dead to me," which Regulus had evidently taken far too literally. 

 

He still remembers seeing Regulus' name on the missing people section of the daily prophet in June 1977 and scoffing, thinking he was hiding away with other Death Eaters. Then, in early August, Regulus' name was on the front page of the daily prophet, and the title hit Sirius so hard that he wondered if he'd die from the pain too.

 

BLACK HEIR PRESUMED DEAD.

 

Four simple words, three grief-filled years, two brothers, but only one survivor.

 

It was a war, death was commonplace throughout it, but it's different when it's one of your own. Regulus' portrait that was taken to announce his new position as heir had been taking up most of the page, but as Sirius had stared at the paper, he hadn't seen the heir to the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black looking back at him.

 

He had seen his little brother when he was four and Sirius was five, and he had performed accidental magic for the first time. Sirius had stolen Regulus' favourite toy, holding it out of reach until it shot out of his hands involuntarily and landed in Regulus' arms.

 

He had seen his little brother when he was eight, and he had knocked over a vase and was so, so scared that their mother would be angry, but Sirius had just laughed and told him no one cared about it anyways. He had taken the punishment for knocking it over silently after Regulus had gone to bed as his mother cursed the clumsiness out of him.

 

He had seen his little brother, the one who got sorted into Slytherin, befriended bigoted purebloods, sneered at his friends and became one of the people Sirius had run away from to fight on the other side of the war.

 

He had seen his little brother, always his little brother, except he was dead.

 

But he's not; he's alive and he's here.

 

Sirius can't believe it. 

 

He's alive.

 

He's alive.

 

He's alive

 

 

Regulus was quite pleased with how the day had gone. 

 

He had ticked off the first agenda on his three-step list and had shown the results in the most dramatic way possible. He hadn't even needed to practice what he was going to do or say; he's a Black, and Blacks are always noticed, always dramatic, and always the best. 

 

And he's bested all of them.

 

He had never expected to return to Grimmauld Place again, purely because he thought he'd die before he ever got the chance to. The goal was always to defeat Voldemort or die trying, but he's here now. 

 

He's here and he's not dead.

 

His parents are dead, he knew this as soon as it happened, but he repressed any grief for them that he might have felt. There's no time to grieve in a war full of the dying and the dead; there are only private, selfish celebrations every time you realise that you're not among them.

 

But Regulus is a selfish person, he isn't afraid to admit it, and after what he's just done, he thinks he deserves a celebration.

 

He hasn't returned home for a long time. The only new addition that he's noticed, apart from Sirius and the other blood traitors, is that his mother's portrait is on the wall with curtains seemingly warded shut. 

 

For the best,  he thinks. It's probably better if she doesn't see me again. She would hate to find out what else I've done.

 

The others can leave; he hopes that they leave. He recognises some of them from school, the marauders, minus Pettigrew; Vance, who he remembers from quidditch matches across the years; Dumbledore, of course, and various Aurors. Potters' mudblood and her friend are there, not Dorcas' girlfriend; he knows they both died shortly after graduation, but the other one who likes gossip and wouldn't stop staring at him. 

 

He can't hold that against her, though; everybody was staring at him. 

 

He's looking at himself in the mirror, healing the cuts and grazes across his body and decides that the first thing he's going to do is have a long, hot shower. 

 

The water is scalding, almost burning his skin, but it's the only way he doesn't send himself back to the cave he barely escaped three summers ago. The water swirling down the drain is pink, tinted with blood, but Regulus doesn't know whose it is. A bit of his, a bit of Voldemort's, and a mix of ten to twenty Death Eaters. It was a brutal end to a brutal war; he wouldn't be surprised if he doubled his kill count today alone. 

 

He washes his hands repeatedly, but they're still red, even after the water runs clear. He's a murderer and a Death Eater, and his hands are stained with blood he can't wash off. He hates it, not because he's grown a conscience, but because red is the colour of Gryffindors, and they're why he had to fight this war in the first place. 

 

Regulus is tired, he's only 19, but he's achieved in 3 years what others couldn't do if they had thousands. The one thing the Order of the Phoenix wanted to do, Regulus did instead. He wonders if they're grateful or resentful.

 

At any rate, he's alone now.

 

His friends are Death Eaters who haven't seen him since school and either presume him to be dead or will wish he was after they learn of his betrayal. He doesn't suppose that any of the Order are willing to spend time with him voluntarily. 

 

Except Sirius.

 

Sirius is too wrapped up in morals and honour and loyalty to reject him entirely; he'll take him back whether he knows it or not, which is something Regulus knows without a doubt. He saw how Sirius was after his faked death; he knows at least one person had missed him.

 

Eventually, Regulus has washed away every physical trace of the war. The mental traces remain on his soul like permanent markers on a whiteboard, unerasable, and he dries off and puts on a pair of casual robes, which are still nicer than the average wizards' gala robes and stares at the pot plant on his bedside table which has never been healthier. The room seems warmer than he remembers, though, almost crackling with magical energy, and he doesn't understand why until he realises that somebody must be trying to get through the wards that he's put up. They clearly don't know that this only makes them stronger.

 

Stay out,  Regulus thinks. Stay out and leave me alone, but he knows the wish is futile. 

 

He knew that there was always going to be one person who wouldn't listen to his silent plea, who would find out who the wards would allow through even if they didn't know why, who would enter even if though they didn't know what's waiting for them on the other side, and sure enough, it only takes another 20 or so minutes until the attempts to break through cease suddenly. 

 

The door opens, somebody walks through, and Regulus almost smiles.

 

"Sirius."

 

 

It's chaos outside the door of Regulus' room.

 

Following his departure, it was Remus, surprisingly, who was the first to speak, muttering a quiet "well, fuck me" that seemed to echo across the kitchen. Everybody else was still so caught up in recovering from the earthquake of Regulus Black that Andromeda never even told him to mind his language, and there was no let's save it for later, Moony from Sirius. 

 

They were all shocked indeed.

 

Molly Weasley was the next to speak, a tentative "where does this leave us now, Albus?" no doubt hoping that she could get back to her children and raise them in a world without violence.

 

Dumbledore had taken a long time before he spoke next, simply saying, "this is not something we could have predicted, but it is indeed an aid that we can utilise."

 

Some share disbelieving glances, while others nod sagely, holding onto his every word.

 

"An aid?" Mary MacDonald blurts out. "It's not an aid, Professor; it's the solution."

 

"On the contrary, Miss MacDonald, the war is not over yet. We need to round up the remaining Death Eaters, retain order across Britain and then heal the survivors of the war as we continue into the next chapter of our lives."

 

"And there's a Death Eater in this ruddy house, so I say we get him and lock him up," Moody growls out, his wand raised as he walks out of the room in the direction Regulus went.

 

"Hang on," Sirius cries out, his big brother instincts kicking in automatically. "You're not going to send him to Azkaban, are you? He's literally a war hero. He won us the war."

 

"A trial will be completed for Mr Black, and the power of justice will decide that, dear boy. After all, he is still a Death Eater, and we need to proceed with caution and hear his version of events. Let us go now."

 

For some reason, everybody follows him. That's a lie; everybody knows why. They all want to know what happened, to get an insight into the drama, the exclusive live rendition of the story of Regulus Black. 

 

"Don't worry Pads, we won't let them send him away," James whispers, and Remus squeezes his shoulder slightly in an attempt at comfort. Sirius doesn't know what it would take for him to attain it, but in any case, they follow the others up to the third-floor landing where Regulus' room is, the plaque denoting Do not enter without the express permission of Regulus Arcturus Black a dead giveaway as to which of the five doors is his own. However, entrance is not as easy as turning the handle and passing through the door.

 

For starters, no one can reach the door handle. There are wards up, and the door remains firmly closed; no combination of alohomora, colloportus or finite incantatum gets it open. Neither vanishing charms nor banishing charms nor incendio remove it, and nobody is willing to try fiendfyre.

 

Regulus had made it look effortless. It's an effective spell, there's no denying that, but it's also deadly and destructive and can very quickly become uncontrollable. It's a bit like Regulus, really; maybe that's why he wields it so well.

 

Whatever the wards are constructed of, they're holding fast, none of the layers have been chipped away, and no cracks nor holes are appearing; you can't even tell somebody has tried to tamper with them. 

 

Moody is trying; nobody can refute that. He's shooting spell after spell at them, the aura getting darker and darker with each one, and Sirius is realising what Regulus meant when he said that the light breaks the same rules that they condemn the dark by. He feels uncomfortably chastised.

 

Emmeline Vance did her training in curse breaking before she came to the Order to fight full time in the war, but nothing she tries works either. The wards are neither light nor dark, they seem to defy any currently known classes of wards, and the more magic she sends at it, it only appears to be absorbed and strengthen the ward rather than overwhelming the magic to such an extent that it explodes. The runic sequences can be seen, but she can't understand them. She did her Mastery in curse breaking, but she doesn't have a clue where to begin. 

 

She's still brainstorming strategies to tackle it when Dumbledore tries, pulling out his wand and shooting spells that are yet to be tested. However, there's still no progress which leaves everybody voicing their ideas.

 

The wards can't be removed, altered, or weakened. They can't even class what type they are, let alone what they could do to start bringing them down, so what are they made of? Death Eater magic? Dark magic? Blood magic?

 

Everybody looks at Sirius in unison as this last idea is raised. Is it blood magic?

 

Having no choice to refuse, Sirius reaches his hand out carefully, expecting to feel the same hard wall that the others who had tried had described and see if he recognises the magical sequence, but to his surprise, his hand passes through the barrier and touches the smooth stained oak of the door.

 

"Bring the boy out", Moody growls. "He'll be locked up in Azkaban before the night is over."

 

Sirius doesn't reply, simply cracking the door open before shutting it behind him. He feels the rest of the Order leaning closer, trying to see the elusive ex-Black heir, their idolised war hero, but all they could see was a distorted kaleidoscope of colours.

 

As annoying and inconvenient as they are, Regulus' warding skills are spectacularly impressive.

 

Now, all they can do is wait for Sirius to drag him out, it shouldn't take more than 10 seconds, but as 5, 10, and then 20 minutes pass, Sirius is sure that they can't help but wonder what they're doing.

 

 

Regulus looks better than he did when he walked into the kitchen. He's showered and dressed in the same robes he evidently wore at sixteen and looks every bit the pureblood heir he used to be. 

 

His robes were tailor-made to his sixteen-year-old body, but now, nearly four years later, they hang loosely around his frame despite his growth. He's lying on his bed over the covers, hair still damp, and even though he knows he would get cursed if he said it, Sirius thinks he almost looks sweet.

 

It's laughable, really. This is the same person who dragged a corpse into their house 30 minutes ago after assumably torturing and murdering who knows how many others to make it happen, and Sirius still thinks he looks sweet.

 

It's the Black family madness,  he thinks. I've succumbed to it at last, but he is pulled out of his musings by a steady "Sirius," and he turns his head and makes eye contact with his brother for the first time in years.

 

"Reggie," he says automatically; it's all he can manage. This is his brother, who he thought he'd never see again. Who he'd grieved for. Who he thought he'd already lost. "I never thought I'd see you again," he continues honestly, almost afraid to say each word for fear that this fragile moment will crack and Regulus will crumble out of sight, lost again.

 

Regulus frowns at this. "I told you I'd try".

 

"You did?" Sirius asks confusedly. "You'd try what? When? I don't remember when this was."

 

"I know," Regulus answers, almost seeming to choke the syllables out, like there's a deeper meaning somewhere, but Sirius can't work out what it is, and Regulus seems unwilling to elaborate.

 

"So," Sirius begins, at a loss of where to go from here. "How have you been?"

 

Regulus looks at him like it's the stupidest question he's ever heard. "How have I been?" he repeats dryly. "How do you think?"

 

"I don't know, Reggie, that's why I'm fucking asking, you prick," Sirius replies frustratedly. 

 

He can't get a read on him anymore. He used to know his brother like an open book in a language only he could read, but now he's put a padlock on himself and those who can find the key have to also try to decipher his emotions written in code and invisible ink. 

 

Regulus isn't talking, still simply staring, so Sirius blurts out the first thing that comes to his mind: "it's good to see your face blood free."

 

Sirius didn't think Regulus could get any more unimpressed, but his look gets even drier.

 

"If you were anybody else, I would've cursed you for that comment."

 

"You're not going to curse me?"

 

"No, but I'll change my mind if you don't shut up".

 

"Awww, you won't curse – OW! FUCK, REGGIE!"

 

Sirius' forearm is swollen up to almost double its usual size where Regulus' stinging hex hit it, but it's unlike any stinging hex he's ever seen. Or felt. It fucking hurts and, well, stings.

 

"That's enough of you, Sirius; now you can fuck off while I make myself a meal."

 

"You're going to make it yourself?" Sirius asks incredulously. "What, has that god-awful house elf done us all a favour and died then? I was wondering where he'd got to."

 

This is evidently the wrong thing to say as magic forgotten, Regulus reaches out and just shoves Sirius towards the door, chanting, "fuck off, fuck off, I hate you, get out, get out, get out!" Each sentence is accompanied by a push and a hint of heat where Regulus' magic is getting influenced by his emotions to such an extent it's burning his skin slightly with every touch.

 

Sirius is naturally confused and alarmed by this latest development, tentatively saying, "Reggie -?"

 

"Out!" And with a harsh burst of magic, he finds himself outside the room and unable to enter the door.

 

That fucker,  Sirius thinks with a huff of laughter and disbelief that can't entirely block out the concern for the violent response. Evidently, Kreacher is an off-limits conversation topic. 

 

Sirius is pulled abruptly from his musings by the sounds of people talking over each other who are all trying to talk to him and he wishes he could lock himself in his room like Regulus too; he understands the appeal now.

 

"Sirius –"

 

"Sirius-"

 

"What did he say?"

 

"Did he curse you?"

 

"Did you curse him?"

 

"Is he coming out?"

 

"Will he come out?"

 

"Did you try to kill him?"

 

"Is he going to kill us?"

 

The door swings open at that last statement, and everybody silences instantly. Wands are held in trepidation that only raise higher as Regulus calmly says, "keep talking, and we'll see what happens," before sweeping from the room and walking downstairs. The others follow him, and as he turns off towards the kitchen, they appear behind him in the doorway.

 

This evidently isn't what Regulus wanted, as when he turns around, his stare is molten lava.

 

"Get the fuck out of my house."

 

"It's my house, actually," Sirius mutters, but this is lost over Moody and Dumbledore talking over each other.

 

"You're coming with me on a one-way ticket to Azkaban, boy."

 

And

 

"Mr Black, it is imperative that I hear your side of the story."

 

Sirius can see the frustration in Regulus' eyes. As much as he wants to know what happened and throttle his brother for making him grieve for him, surely allowances can be made. He just won the war. By himself. What's another day going to do? What's Regulus going to do? 

 

This last thought pulls him up short. What is Regulus going to do?

 

He finds out the answer seconds later as Regulus looks his brother in the eye and says in a deadly tone of voice, "Sirius, get them out, or I will."

 

This sounds… ominous and not at all something Sirius wants to explore further. This is a shared sentiment, as evident by the way everybody's wands raise higher in unison.

 

"This is our headquarters Reggie," he says slowly, carefully. He hasn't forgotten that his brother is a Death Eater. Or was a Death Eater. Whatever. "We can't just abandon –"

 

"You can't abandon what? The war effort? There's no war left to win now. I'm still the heir –"

 

"You're not –"

 

"Oh, for fucks sake," he cries out, his emotional stability evidently surpassed its threshold again, and in the same manner Sirius had been forced out of his room, the rest of the Order of the Phoenix disappears and finds themselves in the square outside, staring in disbelief at the brickwork that joins 11 and 13 Grimmauld Place together.

 

 

"It seems," Dumbledore says eventually, "that Mr Black is currently unwilling to cooperate. I will see you at Hogwarts next Thursday for our next meeting on how to capture the remaining Death Eaters while we wait for him to… come to us." And then he disapparates with a loud crack.

 

Moody, Shacklebolt and some others are trying to get through the wards again, trying to simply see the house, but it's to no avail. They've all been removed entirely, and everybody has the same collective thought as they realise this:

 

They had underestimated Regulus Black.

 

He had cast fiendfyre with unprecedented precision, had created wards strong enough to keep multiple Aurors at once from breaking them down or even detecting what they were, and now he'd banished most of them from the house that he wasn't even the Master of. 

 

And he'd ended the war.

 

He had ended the fucking war.

 

Who knew all it would take was for the forgotten son of the darkest of families to play the game so well that nobody even suspected him. He had watched Dumbledore and Voldemort play chess, dark versus light, pawns being sacrificed left, right and centre while the kings remained untouched. There was no stalemate, checkmate, or resignation; Regulus simply came in and blew the chessboard to pieces.

 

Game over.

 

 

Regulus is in the kitchen making his sandwich. It's not a very glamorous meal for a Black, but he just wants to finish it, go to bed, and not wake up for at least three days. He doesn't know when he's last gotten a full night's sleep. The pressure of trying to win a war unsurprisingly leads to many sleepless nights, and he's exhausted. Not visibly, he still looks every bit as elegant and proper as always, but inside there's a dull and heavy feeling across his mind and limbs that he hasn't been allowing himself to feel.

 

But he feels it now.

 

All he wants to do is go to bed and now that the Order is gone, it should be only him and Sirius left in the house who will either leave him alone or get hexed until he does. However, as he turns around, he realises this is not the case.

 

Of course Sirius isn't alone; he never could go anywhere without Potter and his boyfriend, could he?

 

Sirius, Potter and Lupin are all staring at him in silence with varying expressions on their faces. James looks like he's seen a ghost, Remus looks like he wants to ask him about his warding strategies, and Sirius looks like he wants to hug him.

 

Regulus hopes that he doesn't.

 

They're quiet. He can hear the clock ticking on the mantelpiece, echoing in the vast space as Regulus looks back at the men in front of him, trying to figure out why they're all still here. He knew he couldn't banish Sirius; he has a birthright in the place, after all and Regulus had named him heir in a rather full circle moment following his disappearance, but why didn't it work for the others? 

 

He doubts they would have done blood magic with one other; he's sure it's far too dark for their tastes, and there's no noticeable change to their magical signatures. It's darker than it was, for sure, the war changes the best of people, but they're still them. Honourable, courageous, and morally righteous Gryffindors.

 

He's running through the possibilities in his head, they're not Black family, they're not –

 

"You're not fucking married, are you?" he asks, unsure whether to lean into concern or disgust.

 

Remus and James look at him like he's grown an extra head while Sirius folds over and laughs and laughs and laughs. Regulus assumes it's from the shock of his return; he's not usually this funny.

 

"Reggie, I, what the fuck is wrong with you?" Sirius chokes out through his laughter. "No, we're not married, or not yet, for Remus and me".

 

Remus. The werewolf. He almost forgot about that, but it all makes sense now.

 

"But you're bonded nonetheless, all three of you. I suppose I should've seen that coming." 

 

This means they're basically an extension of Sirius, which means that the genetic wards on the house that allow the Black family unconditional entry won't keep the other two out. 

 

Fuck's sake. 

 

He could cast blood wards, he supposes, but they take a lot of magical energy, and he's fatigued. He's been fighting this war on his own for nearly 3 years, and besides the people he's interrogated, oblivated or murdered, he's barely had proper human contact for the same time. The wards on his bedroom will definitely keep them out, although he's disappointed in himself to know that Sirius will most probably be allowed constant entry unless he angers him enough, like earlier, to temporarily change his mind.

 

"We're not bonded," James says slowly as Sirius nods slowly in agreement. Regulus looks to Remus, though, eyebrow perfectly arched as he says, "aren't you?"

 

Remus is simply staring at him like all his nightmares have come to life.

 

"We are," he says hoarsely, and Regulus smiles saccharinely, but it's also menacing and vaguely threatening.

 

"I know it was a subconsciously mutual decision, but it's at least courteous to explain what was happening."

 

"What was happening?" Sirius and James ask in unison.

 

Remus is either shocked or simply unwilling to elaborate, so Regulus takes on the responsibility.

 

"Your little werewolf boyfriend here completed a pack bond with you two, although I'm assuming Pettigrew broke his end of it when he betrayed you. As it remains, you all have a deeper connection between your souls, which means you can all get through the same wards of each other's houses. I would advise keeping that last part confidential," he says succinctly and James and Remus look a mixture of surprised and confused, but Sirius? Oh, he's angry.

 

This should be good, Regulus thinks smugly, always ready for a fight.

 

"How the fuck did you know that? Wait, no, you're wrong, Regulus. Whatever you thought about that was right, it's wrong."

 

Regulus just smiles innocently and says, "oh, is he not your boyfriend anymore? I didn't know that you'd broken up, my apologies." The little prick doesn't sound sorry at all.

 

"No, we're not broken up," Sirius sputters. "But that's not the point of this conversation. Remus isn't a werewolf, and you don't know what you're talking about and –" 

 

Regulus has missed meddling with his brother, but he forgot how personally he took some things. When he did it with Evan and Barty, curses or punches got thrown if the wrong joke was made, but Sirius is a Gryffindor until the end, which means he takes it all to heart.

 

Regulus half hates it and half admires it; he doesn't know when he last dealt with an emotion he didn't want to feel instead of simply occluding and repressing it. He's putting off the moment when he brings his mental shields down in case he hides too much away and they crack apart, all falling down at once in one great, big, traumatic, hysterical mess.

 

No thanks, Regulus thinks. I'll leave that to Sirius, who is currently still speaking, making excuses, pleading, and panicking. It's a bit sad, honestly.

 

Regulus sends another stinging hex at him, which makes him yelp, but mercifully stop talking, as he sighs and says, "if I've kept his secret for 7 and a half years, I don't suppose the rest of my life will kill me." 

 

Sirius seems to deflate with relief before he focuses on Regulus more, his gaze becoming so intense it's almost unsettling. He reaches forward without warning, far too quickly towards Regulus' neck, saying, "is that a scar on your –" but Regulus grabs Sirius sharply by the wrist, twisting it back and snarling, "don't you fucking touch me."

 

 

He looks manic, almost like a wild animal who's been threatened.

 

Sirius is understandably concerned at the violent reaction, and with a horrifying thought, he wonders if the anger is personal. Like he knows that Sirius knows where he got the scar from. But surely not, Regulus can't be –

 

"Are you a werewolf?" Sirius blurts out. "Is that how you know about all of this?" He doesn't try to sugar-coat it, he never really was good at subtlety anyways, and he almost regrets his question until the corner of Regulus' lips twitches upwards. Like a switch flipped, his anger is evidently forgotten. 

 

He almost sounds amused as he says, "no, I'm not a werewolf, Sirius," which fills Sirius with relief until he follows up with, "it wasn't a werewolf who left these scars, and it sure as hell wasn't your boyfriend, no Azkaban for him."

 

Sirius blanches and Regulus sighs.

 

"How did you realise?" he asks eventually.

 

"February of first year, I think. It's obvious if you look, and there was clearly something going on. I knew you figured it out, but Potter and Pettigrew were still clueless by the time I knew."

 

Remus looks shocked, while James looks oddly afraid? His pupils are dilated with what Sirius assumes is fear, and they both seem to be waiting for someone to say something.

 

"Okayyyyy," Sirius responds slowly, clearly at a loss as what to say, but surprisingly it's Remus who fills in.

 

"I appreciate you keeping this secret," he says, unsure how to interact with his boyfriend's brother, who everyone thought was evil and dead until a couple of hours ago.

 

"And I'd appreciate it if you'd fuck right off, but here we are," Regulus shoots back, causing Remus to choke out a huff of shocked laughter, and then without any closing sentences, Regulus flounces out of the room.

 

Sirius strains his ears to hear the footsteps up the stairs, but instead, they're getting louder and louder and –

 

Regulus is back.

 

He looks at Sirius with a long calculating look in his eye and eventually says, "c'est bon de te revoir, malgré tout," before walking out of the room without waiting for his response.

 

He's too far away to hear by the time Sirius whisper a quiet "toi aussi" in response.

 

 

The following day, Sirius wakes early and frantically goes across the landing until he stands outside Regulus' room and just, keeps standing there. He doesn't know exactly what brought him here; he just felt a pressing need to check that he was alright. He doesn't know where it came from; it's not like it's been a recent thing he's been doing. He grieved a lot of people in the war, but Regulus was one of the first casualties of their group. Regulus was the first one Sirius knew personally, and even though he was definitely numb to grief and death in the end, he was never, ever numb to the loss of Regulus. 

 

And now he's alive, but Sirius still can't trust that it's real.

 

He wants to check on him but doesn't know how well that will be received. He doesn't want to say it out loud, but his brother is dangerous. Everybody can see it, but nobody knows whether to call him courageous or suicidal.

 

Who goes into a war and becomes a traitor to their own side?

 

Who fakes their death just to win a war they weren't even alive to start?

 

Who actually manages it and still makes it out alive?

 

Evidently Regulus Black, and Regulus Black alone.

 

It's only 6 in the morning, and they hadn't gone to their rooms until at least 11, so he's had 7 hours of sleep maximum. Sirius decides that he'll be alright and can sleep a while longer.

 

A while longer is taken literally, and by 10am, Sirius is getting antsy. He wants to see his brother again, even if he just throws a curse at him and leaves. Any interaction is better than none.

 

By midday, he's concerned. He doesn't know what Regulus' sleeping habits were in the war, but he doubts sleeping in every day was how he won. Growing up, if they weren't up by 6 on a weekday or 7 on the weekend, they were punished, and it's something that Sirius took years to unlearn. 

 

He hasn't quite managed it, though. Even now at 21 years old, he still finds himself waking up and apologising before he comes into consciousness and remembers that it's just him and Remus. No Grimmauld Place and no parents. And no Reggie, his mind would also supply, but he tried to ignore that bit. And then, every time, he would remind himself that his parents can go fuck themselves and just refuse to get out of bed until at least midday to spite them. 

 

It was petty and juvenile and dramatic, but he did it anyways.

 

At 3 o'clock in the afternoon, Sirius can't take it anymore. He throws off Remus' hand, which is resting over his and ignores James' questioning and finds himself standing once again outside Regulus' door, but this time he walks straight in. A slight tingling sensation passes through him as he crosses the threshold, which makes him realise that Regulus must have put a ward up to protect himself and keep people out. Sirius wonders why Regulus would have let him in and tries not to overthink it but smiles anyway.

 

This smile drops when he sees Regulus.

 

He's still asleep, yes, Sirius did check that he wasn't dead, but that isn't the problem. Sirius had seen the scars on his neck yesterday that Regulus had gotten defensive about, but now Regulus is sleeping shirtless with one arm sticking out of the duvet cocoon he's buried under, and the skin is more pink than white. It's a mosaic of scars that criss-cross each other, and all come in groups of five. It looks like somebody or something tried to claw him to death. Based on the sheer number of scars, Sirius wonders how close they were to being successful.

 

He looks innocent asleep. He almost looks sweet, like the little Reggie who used to drag him to the garden at twilight every night so that they could look for the fairies he'd learnt about in one of his books, even though there was no way that they would set up a grotto in central London of all places. 

 

He almost wants to take a photo and frame it; however, the image is swiftly shattered as Regulus gasps awake, shooting a curse at Sirius before he's fully woken up. He drops to the ground, screaming in pain, which causes Regulus to almost sprint out of bed, chanting "fuck, fuck, fuck” under his breath.

 

Sirius feels like his blood is boiling and his organs are melting, and he swears he's going to die when just as suddenly as the pain started, it stops. He gingerly gets back up, the absence of pain that was just consuming him almost eerie. He hopes he never experiences it again.

 

"What the hell was that?" he bursts out incredulously, looking wide-eyed at Regulus, who is mirroring his facial expressions.

 

"A blood-boiling curse." 

 

"Well, that explains a lot," Sirius thinks. 

 

"I didn't know that existed," Sirius says back. He doesn't know if 'thanks for saving me from the curse you cast in the first place is the proper response. 

 

"It didn't until I invented it," Regulus replies, frowning, before he looks up and abruptly screams, "what the fuck were you doing watching me sleep? You're lucky I didn't kill you!"

 

Regulus' moods, Sirius is learning, are wildly unstable. He swings from extreme apathy to angry and defensive to sweet and almost innocent if an ex-Death Eater can really be that anymore, and he never quite knows which one he's going to get. At this moment, it's evidently angry and defensive, and he's keen to try and diffuse it before his blood gets boiled again.

 

"I was worried that something had happened," he says calmly, a sharp contrast to Regulus' wide-eyed, almost manic gaze.

 

"And why would you care about that?" Regulus replies harshly. "You didn't have a problem leaving me at 16, so why would it be any different now that you're 21?"

 

That hurts, admittedly, but Sirius can't exactly blame him for it either. This doesn't stop him from retaliating with, "you did worse! Yeah, I ran away, but you made me and the entire world believe you were dead!"

 

"I'm so sorry that my survival turned out to be such a disappointment," Regulus replies tonelessly, evidently back to apathy again, before grabbing the first shirt he finds and walking out of the room where Sirius says a weak "Reggie –" and follows after him.

 

 

To Regulus's immense disappointment, but no great surprise, Lupin and Potter are still in the house. Potter even tries to talk to him as he says, "er, good afternoon Regulus."

 

It's not a good afternoon if you're in it , Regulus thinks scathingly. Out loud, he says, "I almost killed your brother and your boyfriend," gesturing to James and Remus accordingly. "I suppose it is a good afternoon after all."

 

"Pads, what the fuck is going on?" James asks while Remus can be seen mentally cataloguing any injuries Sirius may have.

 

"Reggie accidentally cursed me –"

 

"Wasn't an accident."

 

"Would you shut up and let me finish! Reg cursed me with a spell he invented, but he had the counter curse, so I'm fine."

 

"You invented a spell?" Lupin asks, seemingly impressed. "When you say you invented it..."

 

"I mean that I invented it," Regulus replies, bored already.

 

"Are you being deliberately obtuse?" Sirius asks.

 

"Are you being deliberately annoying?" Is the snappy comeback.

 

"You're still a death eater Regulus," Lupin chips in. "Forgive us for being wary".

 

"You're forgiven," he replies sweetly before rolling up the sleeve of his left arm where his smooth, unblemished skin, aside from the claw marks of course, shocks them.

 

"There's no tattoo? I thought you were a Death Eater?" Sirius says, stunned.

 

"I was."

 

"But you're not anymore?" Regulus doesn't even bother replying to that one.

 

"Have all the Death Eaters' marks gone?"

 

"No."

 

"Just yours, then?"

 

"No."

 

"Are you going to give us any more information?"

 

"No."

 

"Nice to know the war didn't change how much of a prick you are."

 

"I'll curse you again."

 

Sirius seems unwilling to test if it's a bluff or not, which amuses Regulus, and the rapid-fire of conversations between the Black Brothers reaches a lull as they continue to stare at each other. Tensions are mounting in the room as they ignore the others, and James Potter takes it upon himself to settle the peace.

 

 

"I'm James Potter; we haven't spoken in a while –" he begins before he is cut off by Regulus saying, "I know who you are." His tone of voice makes it seem like he isn't very pleased with this fact.

 

"Good", James continues hesitantly, seemingly unsure how to respond. "I'm glad you're alive, and I'm hoping we can get to know each other and –"

 

"Are you aware that I hate you?" Regulus interjects emotionlessly. He looks like this conversation is paining him.

 

Genuine hurt flashes across James' face and all he can choke out is a simple "why?"

 

"Why do you think?" Regulus responds, umimpressed again.

 

"I, don't, know….?" James replies slowly, almost like it's a question.

 

"Really?"

 

Regulus' dry tone and genuine disinterest in the conversation rubs James the wrong way. He's trying to be friendly and give him somebody to talk to because he's assuming that none of Regulus' Death Eater friends will be willing to hang out with him anymore after the most impressive betrayal possible, and he's trying. James is trying, and Regulus won't even appreciate it or acknowledge it.

 

"Is this because Sirius ran away to me and you didn't?" he asks, not angrily, but definitely forcefully. "Because I wanted you to come, but every time I tried to talk to you at Hogwarts, you'd either curse me or ignore me and so forgive me for trying here, now that we've both got a common goal and –"

 

 

He's giving Regulus a headache.

 

He didn't win the war just to be harassed by James Potter and his ridiculous demands for friendship. Acting on instinct alone, his wand moves in a complicated motion, and the kitchen is blissfully quiet again.

 

Regulus has vanished his lips; the skin between his nose and his chin is now one dark, smooth patch of skin.

 

Unfortunately, the silence lasts only a few seconds until Sirius shoves himself far too close into Regulus' personal space as he gestures at James incredulously and says, "Regulus! He can't talk; you vanished his lips!"

 

"I know," Regulus says, smiling. It's the biggest one they've seen on him so far. "It's a good spell, isn't it?

 

"Regulus, he can't talk." This is Lupin now, who's decided to join the conversation.

 

"Exactly," he replies, talking slowly like they're both missing the point. 

 

"Put them back." That's Sirius, who looks more panicked than James, honestly; they're both just miming helplessly while Regulus basks in the quiet. He's had years of experience toning Sirius out, so the atmosphere is almost peaceful if you can exclude the frantic gesturing. 

 

"Regulus, I'm telling you to put them back".

 

"I can't," Regulus says unapologetically. "I haven't invented a counter curse yet. It shouldn't take more than a month or two, though."

 

James still can't talk, but everybody can hear the "What?!?!?!?" loud and clear. He's panicking, Sirius is panicking, Remus simply looks stunned at the turn the day has taken, when Regulus realises he's almost pitying them.

 

"I forget how gullible you Gryffindors are," he says, sighing, and with another careless wave of his hand, the spell is cancelled, and James can talk again. 

 

A disappointing outcome,  he thinks, turning to look back at him. 

 

Regulus isn't smiling, but there's mirth in his eyes, he genuinely enjoyed himself doing that, and the peace was nice while it lasted because, sure enough -

 

"You vanished my lips!" James cries out, aghast.

 

"Yes, I did do that."

 

"You didn't even ask me to be quiet."

 

"Would you have?" A single eyebrow arched disbelievingly.

 

James can't really argue with that one. "Well –"

 

"Exactly," Regulus says with finality. "I didn't want to listen, and you didn't want to stop. I found a solution."

 

"It wasn't very nice," James says petulantly, seeing that Regulus is genuinely unrepentant and any other argument is futile.

 

Regulus just scoffs, cruelly amused. "You think I won the war by being nice, Potter?"

 

And then the anger is back. Sirius is tensing instinctively, hoping James isn't about to have his blood boiled too or something else as painful and gruesome, but Regulus thankfully just sweeps from the room and closes the door to the library.

 

 

"Your brother is fucking psychopathic, Pads, and I mean that wholeheartedly."

 

Sirius just nods in response.

 
Notes:

    Translation:

    Regulus: It's good to see you again, despite everything

    Sirius: You too

Chapter 4: Chapter 3: September 1977 - May 1978
Summary:

    Regulus rides an emotional rollercoaster.

Notes:

    Hey!! I'm back with another chapter yay, finished my uni work quicker than I'd planned so here we are.

    Hope you enjoy this chapter, I nearly cried in two different points while I did the final read over even though it's mostly angst and drama.

    As always, let me know what you think, I love reading all your comments xxx

    The next chapter will be a banger, you'll either get a new character then or in chapter 6, I'll see when I write it, but look forwards to that. I'll aim for Friday, but will definitely be by Sunday!!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

September 1977-May 1978

 

Regulus finishes his first day of sixth year with a whole new perspective.

 

He's a Death Eater, a Black, and a Slytherin, and he's finally embracing it. After returning from Dumbledore's office, he walks through the common room and, upon seeing Mulciber's gang crowded around a table, beelines straight for them.

 

"I'll be joining you tonight."

 

If Mulciber is surprised, he doesn't show it, simply grinning as he says, "I knew you'd come around, Black; meet us by the edge of the forbidden forest at midnight. And bring your friends, the more the merrier, I say."

 

It doesn't end up being merry at all, or not for the muggles anyways.

 

Barty and Evan come along, who seem more than willing to finally enjoy a part of the action. They usually just do whatever Regulus does, but they're ready to follow along with his evident change of heart, even if they don't know the reason. So as midnight approaches, they put on their darkest robes and sneak out of the castle.

 

Mulciber and Avery are already there when they arrive, and Travers, Nott and Snape show up shortly after. The rest of their gang graduated last year, but only some were initiated, and those still at Hogwarts are desperate to gain the Dark Lords' tattoo of approval.

 

If they were jealous before of Regulus having a free ticket to becoming a Death Eater, it's nothing compared to how they are now that he's got the mark. Mulciber's usually brown eyes are green with envy, and Snape keeps shooting furtive glares at his forearm every few minutes. With every hateful glare or bitter glance Regulus receives, he simply smirks back in response.

 

I'm a Black, remember, and that means I'm better than you,  each smirk says.  Even the Dark Lord can see it.

 

He's more grateful than ever to have Barty, who is simply there because his father would hate it, and Evan who goes wherever Barty goes; neither of them minding where they end up so long as they're together. 

 

Barty used to want to make his father proud until he realised that he never could, and now he's rebelling against him in any way he can. If he's going to be treated like a disappointment, then he's going to make sure that he's earned his title. He's sure torturing muggles and destroying entire villages is most certainly going to do it.

 

It's the opposite of Regulus, who bent and folded the best parts of himself away so that his parents would only see what they wanted to see, so that he would only be who they wanted him to be. It worked, though; they're finally proud of him, so he can't complain too much. He only hopes that he remains enough for them and doesn't allow the pressure to reach a breaking point like the one that Sirius met the summer before last. 

 

Sirius used to wear their disappointment like a cloak of honour, while Regulus feels like it wraps around his body, choking him, suffocating him, until his only choices are to do better or die. 

 

Sometimes, it takes everything in him not to choose the latter.

 

In any case, they're undoubtedly pleased with him now as he apparates to a small muggle town in northern Scotland, and they get to work terrorising the village.

 

Most of Mulciber's gang are doing their best to be a dark wizard, practising a dark spell they'd heard of and want to get right. Some are casting incendio on hedges that don't even set alight and casting blasting hexes that need to be fired three times before the windows even crack, but Regulus is a Black. He was born into a dark family of wizards, and he's evidently become one.

 

This is for you, Dumbledore,  he thinks before he casts such a strong incendio that the town hall goes up instantly in flames; a thousand years of history glowing orange under the moonlight. 

 

Everybody's eyes are wide with shock; he's only 16, he shouldn't be able to do that. They don't even know if their parents would be able to do that.

 

Regulus doesn't notice, he's too busy on his spite-driven destructive tirade, and he's walking down the street, blasting the roofs off each house he walks past, leaving a trail of tiles behind him. 

 

Is this the Black you thought I'd be, Dumbledore? I hope you're not disappointed.

 

He comes across a police station attached to a prison. He knows those are the muggle Aurors and wonders what the prisoners have done to be landed inside. He wonders how many were falsely accused, given a trial with the verdict decided before the evidence had even been presented. He wonders how many people like him were put in there by someone like Dumbledore. Regulus doesn't know who they are or what they've done, but he doesn't care. After stunning every guard who tries to stop him, he vanishes the walls of the holding cells, where all the prisoners look confusedly at each other through the now blank space before running for freedom.

 

Maybe I'll do Azkaban next unless you lock me in there first, you prejudiced arsehole.

 

Houses are destroyed, bushes are set on fire, streets are filled with rubble, and Regulus eventually finishes his circuit of the town. He returns where most of the others are watching him with wide eyes, too shocked to cause any destruction of their own, not that Regulus needed their help.

 

They look like they want to ask him questions, ask him what changed his mind, and what spells he used to lead all of the cars in the town to create a huge pileup that bathed the village with the golden glow of fire. They don't get the chance, though, as Regulus simply says, "same time tomorrow?" and disapparates without waiting for a response.

 

He's walking back to the common room in his confident but casual strut, and the others who followed swiftly after almost run to catch up to him. 

 

"Black, what the fuck was that? You almost flattened the entire village without breaking a sweat. Did the Dark Lord give you special Death Eater powers to make you better than us?"

 

Regulus sends a tripping jinx at Mulciber, who falls on the floor and says derisively, "I was always better than you; I'm a Black, after all," and nobody tries to speak to him again until he's back in his dorm with Evan and Barty.

 

"Reg", Evan says, clearly lost for words, "Reg, what happened to you? Did the Dark Lord possess you or something?"

 

Barty talks over him, clearly unimpressed with Evan, as he says, "how are you so fucking dim?" before turning towards Regulus. "You're so fucking hot when you're being psychotic; what bought that change along?"

 

Regulus wonders if Barty has ever gotten through a conversation without flirting, but all he says out loud is, "I fucking hate Dumbledore." 

 

That's enough of an explanation for both of them; they understand the sentiment all too well.

 

 

They don't go out every night; they still have NEWT classes to prepare for next year and assignments to complete, but they go often enough. 

 

It's a success if they feature in the daily prophet, it's a failure if they don't, and every failure makes the others try twice as hard the next night to gain the Dark Lord's approval.

 

This routine lasts all the way through autumn and well into winter until February rolls around and Regulus is standing in the garden of another monotonous muggle house when he's hit with a sudden realisation of pointlessness. 

 

What is he doing? Why has he reduced himself to acting like one of the lower-class purebloods who are still fighting for the Dark Lord's approval when he's already got it? He's trying to prove to Dumbledore that he's a Black, that he's exactly who he thought he'd be, but why would he give him anything he wants?

 

He's been trying to prove Dumbledore right when he needs to prove him wrong. He's not going to prove he's wrong by joining the Order, absolutely not, but he's going to show him that he can be a Black and still be something great.

 

Regulus feels the familiar feeling of spite that seems to direct a lot of his decisions and wonders how long it will take until Dumbledore realises that he'd underestimated him.

 

He never would've guessed that it only takes 2 and a half years and that it's not only Dumbledore he proves wrong but the entire world.

 

He doesn't go on another raid with them until summer when they're getting initiated, and it's on the Dark Lord's orders. Mulciber is livid but also still jealous that Regulus has the option of whether to go or not in the first place.

 

The frequency of their appearances in the Daily Prophet is reduced now that Regulus isn't there, which only makes them angrier. They're not going to become Death Eaters if they can't be noticed; not all of them can be Regulus Black.

 

This leads to Mulciber harassing Regulus and then getting all the others in his group to harass him too, to try to get him to rejoin their murdering festivities.

 

"You coming tonight, Black?"

 

"Black, you can choose the town we go to if you come tonight."

 

"Black, do you want the Dark Lord to think you've given up?

 

Black this.

 

Black that.

 

Black, Black, Black.

 

They won't shut up, won't leave him alone, and Regulus reaches his breaking point in early April, just before Easter.

 

It's evidently Avery's turn to pester him today, and Regulus has just… had enough. 

 

He doesn't want to go; going out with them now makes him feel like a teenager who's outgrown playing with stuffed toys.

 

He can't take it anymore.

 

"So, Black –" Avery begins, but he's cut off when without any warning, Regulus just punches him in the face.

 

He's never hit anyone before, and his hand fucking hurts, but  boy  it felt good. 

 

He had been in the noisy corridor on his way to transfiguration when it happened, but after he'd sent Avery to the floor, the entire floor had frozen in silence.

 

What is Regulus Black,  the  Regulus Black doing even considering punching one of the Slytherins, let alone doing it? Especially a seventh-year like Avery, who is powerful, threatening, and a bully to practically everyone.

 

"I said no, Avery, next time any of you ask me, I'll use my fucking wand," he hisses out, just so fucking done with it all, before turning to continue down the corridor.

 

Everyone is still unmoving, staring at Avery, whose jaw is swollen and bleeding from where one of Regulus' rings cut it, and at Regulus, who has bruised knuckles but still perfectly styled hair, unruffled robes, and his usual calm and almost bored demeanour.

 

"Mr Black", Professor McGonagall calls out from behind him, evidently having heard a commotion and come out to investigate. "Mr Black, I assume Mr Potter is with–." She cuts herself off, and her eyes widen almost comically when Regulus turns around, and she realises that he's not Sirius. 

 

" Mr   Black ", she repeats, seemingly baffled in a way that she rarely is. "Whatever has possessed you to assault a fellow student, one of your housemates no less?"

 

"It was accidental magic; my apologies, Professor", Regulus replies unrepentantly, his facial expression unwavering even though his inner amusement grows as her eyes flick between Avery's swollen face and Regulus' matching knuckles.

 

"Detention Mr Black, my office tonight at 7," she says pointedly, not believing his bullshit for a second. "Now get into my classroom without assaulting any others."

 

"Yes, Professor", Regulus says back, still wholly unaffected by the entire situation, and he walks away with his head held high, ignoring all the disbelieving glances thrown his way.

 

Barty and Evan file in seconds later, having watched the whole interaction, and the look Barty has in his eye makes Regulus know that they're going to be busy tonight. They're not dating, never will date, just friends with benefits as a result of convenience, but Barty also isn't blind. Regulus Black on a good day is hot. Regulus Black, while angry and beating the shit out of one of the biggest pricks in school?  Fuck me  is the only thing he can say, and luckily for him, Regulus does.

 

Mulciber's gang still don't get the message after he sends Avery to the ground, and between them, they receive six bone-breaking spells, fourteen stinging hexes, and two full-body binds before the school year is over.

 

Avery never tries again.

 

 

It's early May when the seventh years graduate. Regulus hasn't talked to his brother in over a year; when he passes him in the corridors, he pretends he doesn't exist. 

 

Pettigrew is scared of him, Lupin only eyes him with distrust, but Potter used to try to talk to him, to ask how he was doing, to tell him that Potter Manor would always be a home to him until Regulus hexed him enough that he evidently got the message that he didn't want to talk to him.

 

There's a big ceremony in the Great Hall, and afterwards, the entire school is outside on the lawn by the Black Lake, celebrating and laughing and talking and saying goodbyes. 

 

Regulus isn't among them, doesn't want to be among them, shouldn't want to say goodbye to anyone. He needs to be strong, but one thing that Sirius was always right about is that he is weak. That he's a disappointment. And now he's about to disappoint his parents by associating with a blood traitor, his ex-brother. 

 

He should know better, he should be better, but he's weak.

 

He's weak.

 

He can't help himself as he tells his friends he's returning to the dorm and then marches towards the tallest tree where the marauders and their friends are gathered around, talking, laughing and enjoying their last moment of happiness before they enter the grim reality of wartime.

 

Conversations die down as he walks closer, hands slipping towards wands hidden in pockets, but Regulus just stands directly in front of Sirius and stares at him for a few seconds, ignoring the others' attempts to appear threatening.

 

Sirius looks half confused, half annoyed, but Regulus just hisses out "si tu meurs à la guerre, je te ramènerai d'entre les morts et je te tuerai moi-même", before turning around and walking away, fuming.

 

He's livid, and his anger only grows as he thinks about what he's said, but it's not directed at Sirius; it's all for himself.

 

He's angry that he's weak.

 

He's a Black and a Death Eater and a Slytherin.

 

He shouldn't be weak, but he is.

 

Because deep down, he loves his brother and the next time they see each other, they're going to be in a battle on opposite ends of a wand.

 

He's weak, and he always has been.

 

Weak, weak, weak.

 

Confused silence surrounds Sirius until James says "What? That was your brother. What did he say?"

 

Sirius doesn't respond at first, too caught up in the shock of hearing his brother talk to him for the first time in over 18 months, and he has to take a moment to separate the hate-filled words from the actual message behind them.

 

"Sirius?" James repeats, growing concerned, even more so when Sirius smiles slightly. Sirius doesn't interact with a member of his family and come out of it happy, so he's about to ask if he's going insane when he finally speaks.

 

"The little shit told me if I die in the war, then he'll bring me back from the dead and kill me himself," he says incredulously, still looking at Regulus' retreating body.

 

Sirius is practically glowing, which is a sharp contrast to Remus, who shoots a panicked look towards the direction Regulus is walking in, and James, who bursts out with, "was that a threat? I won't let him; he can't kill you!"

 

Sirius had just laughed quietly, stopping James' panicked tirade and saying, "it's not a threat, Prongs, not at all.

 

Sirius evidently wasn't going to expand anymore, and Remus just muttered, "I don't understand you Blacks at all."

 

 

Regulus has gone home for summer again, and his initiation is tonight. 

 

He's not worried; he's got the mark already, this is just formalities, and whether he realised it at the time or not, his whole life has just been 16 years of preparation for this moment. He knows the customs to follow, the respect to give and the prestige of the position that he is being offered.

 

And he wants it.

 

He's becoming the one thing Sirius could never be, doing the one thing that Sirius could never do, and he's making his parents proud.

 

It's everything he's ever wanted.

 

He assumes the first part of the evening will be torturing muggles which is easy enough, but instead, it's them being tortured. Voldemort literally just walks down the row of recruits and casts the cruciatus curse on them. It's not for long, maybe 20 seconds at most, but it's still long enough. 

 

Regulus is the only one who doesn't scream, although he can't tell what that says about him. Does it mean he's strong, or does it mean he's occluded so much of himself away that he's lost his ability to feel entirely, nothing more than a cold-hearted monster.

 

He finds that he doesn't really care; either way, it makes him a perfect weapon.

 

It's one hell of an introduction to the cause they've signed up for, but it's not like any of them can change their mind if they want to back out now.

 

He wants this. 

 

The second part of the evening is still in the manor, and the torture theme continues, except instead of bringing muggles to crucio, they're doing it on each other.

 

It only reinforces Regulus' idea that the Dark Lord is a dark, sadistic psychopath and the fact that Regulus doesn't hate this idea makes him wonder if he's one too.

 

A few recruits are wincing or showing expressions of horror, but Regulus finally finds the day when he's almost grateful for his abusive childhood. He's been desensitised to violence, but he's only now realising that it's to such an extent that he knows he can cast the cruciatus curse on his acquaintances, colleagues, whatever they are, without flinching. He won't even think twice about it for most of them. He doesn't know who he will be told to do it on but hopes it won't be Evan or Barty. He would be able to do it, but he doesn't want to. 

 

Please not them,  he thinks,  please not –

 

"Regulus Black, my young prodigy, my youngest ever Death Eater", Voldemort says, interrupting his mental pleading. His voice is smooth and melodic, but it's as far away from the calming sounds of the piano that Regulus grew up playing as you can get. 

 

"As the youngest, it's only fair that you go first and play with the oldest of my new recruits."

 

"Yes, my Lord", Regulus says automatically without making eye contact, even as he internally wonders how he will find out who's the oldest. It should be the one who has the most fear on their face and has body language to show that they're nervous and –

 

Oh.

 

He sees who it is.

 

He's pleased with who it is.

 

Mulciber.

 

Yeah, this is going to be fun.

 

Regulus has only cast the cruciatus curse once before, and it took a lot of effort and occluding to focus on enough anger for the curse to work. However, Regulus' burning hatred and the genuine frustration he feels for Mulciber are always at the forefront of his mind. He can never ignore it for long, so the others watch him as he effortlessly drawls out "crucio" and has Mulciber screaming within the first three seconds. 

 

He's screaming, muscles cramping, nerves twitching, pain levels through the roof, but Regulus finds it almost calming.

 

He's come a long way from the first crucio he cast, where he had seen nothing but Sirius on the drawing room floor, which left him throwing up violently. But now? He's in control, and everybody knows it, especially Mulciber.

 

He likes being on this end of the wand.

 

It suddenly hits him that he's good at this, one of the best. 

 

He's better than them.

 

He's spent his whole life being second best to Sirius, not strong enough for his parents, not honourable enough for the Gryffindors, but now he's found where he can excel.

 

As a Black.

 

As a Dark Wizard.

 

As a Death Eater.

 

After finishing his little epiphany, he realises that he's still got his wand trained on Mulciber, who is still moving but has stopped screaming, his vocal cords torn to shreds. He cancels the spell and says blandly, "was that sufficient, My Lord?" 

 

Voldemort just laughs.

 

He  laughs?

 

"Look at me, Regulus Black."

 

Regulus does, and as he makes eye contact with the most powerful wizard in history, the man he's going to serve for the rest of his life, he sees him cold, sharp and powerful but genuinely amused.

 

"Regulus Black, how many of my new recruits can cast an effective cruciatus curse, do you think?"

 

"I am unsure, my Lord", Regulus replies, wondering where this is going.

 

"Very few", he says. "And of these few, how many do you think can do it without flinching away, panicking, or stopping it the moment that they hear the screams that they're lucky to produce?"

 

"I am unsure, my Lord", Regulus repeats, confused at the strict lecture-style questioning even though he thinks he's being praised.

 

"Even fewer", Voldemort continues. "But none of them have ever been as competent or powerful as you. You will be a great asset to my inner circle", he finishes before sweeping down the room.

 

Dumbledore was wrong, Sirius was wrong, my parents were wrong,  Regulus thinks.  I can be good enough for someone.

 

He looks around, secretly pleased, and to his surprise, most of the other recruits, excluding Evan and Barty, who have known him since he was 11 and Snape, who Regulus doesn't believe knows how to produce any emotion that isn't genuine disinterest, are all avoiding eye contact with him, resolutely ignoring him, and looking down at their shoes. 

 

Regulus realises they're afraid of him.

 

They're afraid. 

 

He sees it now, how it's no longer jealousy, they're all about to receive the mark, and they never expected to join the inner circle straight away. It's not even admiration of what he can do, the spells he knows, the magical intent he possesses; it's pure blatant fear. There is a bit of respect, a bit of idolisation, and some lingering jealousy that they can't quite erase, but they're genuinely scared of him. 

 

They don't know what he's capable of. 

 

No one knows what he's capable of, and he's filled with an unexpected feeling of excitement that not even he knows the extent of what he can do.

 

They're scared that if the cruciatus curse for 45 seconds at 16 years old was effortless, what can he do if he really tries.

 

They're afraid of the unknown. 

 

Of what he could do. 

 

Of what he could do to them.

 

Even Regulus doesn't know the true extent of his capabilities, but he's excited to test them.

 

And what better place to experiment than in a war where one side is his enemies and the other is full of people that he couldn't care whether they lived or died.

 

The initiation continues for hours. 

 

Unsurprisingly, none of the other recruits can cast the cruciatus curse as well as Regulus. Only half of them can cast it at all. Nott had barely been able to get the words out.

 

Fucking weak,  Regulus had thought scathingly before turning his wand on him for instructional purposes.

 

This is for every time you harassed me in the library.

 

Travers had been given Regulus to practice on, but no matter how hard he tried, the spell wouldn't work, and Regulus had remained standing with a bored expression on his face with a hint of smug superiority.

 

Of course, you can't do it, I'm a Black, and you're only a Travers. You're not even in the sacred 28,  he thinks, before showing Travers how it's done.

 

Travers screams instantly, and Regulus sends a sharp hex that feels like fire on his skin to make him shut up. 

 

It's tragic, really, the company he's reduced himself to spend time with.

 

Regulus, thankfully doesn't need to curse Barty or Evan, but they're both crucioing each other, and it's turning into some sort of, game???

 

What. The. Fuck.

 

It's currently Barty's turn to curse Evan, who is screaming and writhing on the ground, but when Barty cancels the spell, they're both laughing?

 

"Only took 10 seconds to make me scream that time", Evan says grinning.

 

Barty leans closer and winks as he says, "I could shove my dick up your arse, and then I'd have you screaming in 5."

 

Oh.

 

They're using the literal torture curse for flirting? Foreplay? Regulus doesn't know and also really  doesn't   want to know,  but whatever.

 

Only Barty would flirt and make sex jokes at a literal Death Eater initiation, but fine. 

 

It's fine. 

 

At least they're enjoying themselves.

 

The torturing doesn't last much longer until Voldemort stands up, signalling for the existing Death Eaters to stand too, and then he looks around the room smiling.

 

This can't be good.

 

"My new Death Eaters, about to join my ranks, the last element of your initiation will be to check your prowess and potential." He waves his wand, and apparation coordinates hover in the air, written in fire.

 

"Apparate now, and we will commence this raid in 10 minutes."

 

Regulus pulls his wand out, getting ready to leave when the sound of his name pulls him up short.

 

"Regulus Black, my young prodigy. Come to me."

 

Regulus has no idea what to expect, what's going to happen, or what he even wants to happen, but he's not afraid. He's Regulus Black, after all, so there's nothing that Voldemort could ask of him that he wouldn't be able to do.

 

He stands in front of Voldemort, who waits until the remaining Death Eaters have disapparated, before he says, "I am in need of a House Elf."

 

What?  Regulus thinks bewilderedly, waiting for more details because, what? However, Voldemort seems to be waiting for his response.

 

"I have a House Elf that you are welcome to use, My Lord", Regulus says back levelly, even though in his head, he's really fucking confused and is hoping he said the right thing.

 

"How kind of you, my young prodigy", Voldemort replies, almost mockingly. "Have him come to me at 8 o'clock tomorrow morning."

 

"Yes, My Lord", Regulus replies dutifully, "I will call him now and order him to be ready in case you need him earlier."

 

"Yes, yes, you will be a wonderful asset", Voldemort says, pleased, before he disapparates without a goodbye, leaving Regulus alone in the room.

 

"Kreacher", Regulus calls out, smiling when he sees his friend appear before him.

 

"Young Master Regulus is calling Kreacher, and Kreacher is responding. How can Kreacher serve today?"

 

"I need you to come to the Dark Lord at 8 o'clock tomorrow morning, but to be prepared to leave early if he needs you before then", Regulus says. "I don't know what he wants you to do, but I need you to follow his orders and then come back when you're done, alright?"

 

Kreacher just nods his head dutifully, saying, "yes, young Master Regulus, I will do as you ask", before snapping his fingers and disapparating.

 

Regulus takes a deep breath and then does the same.

 

He arrives in a park where a group of muggles were playing some game with a ball, except now they're all lying dead on the field, surrounded by the other Death Eaters.

 

"It is time to play", is all Voldemort says, and then everyone branches out and begins working to bring the town to the ground.

 

Fire, screaming, torture, laughter, crying, dying, destruction, pain.

 

The village is almost flattened, and all the muggles have either been killed or tortured to insanity when the sound of apparation fills the air.

 

A few panicked glances are shared, wondering if the Aurors have shown up, but Voldemort looks ecstatic.

 

"I have a treat for you that is even better than muggles, it seems", he says with a wicked smirk, "it's Dumbledore and his little group of soldiers."

 

No. 

 

No, no, no.

 

Dumbledore can't be here.

 

The Order of the Phoenix can't be here.

 

Because if they're here, then so is Sirius.

 

Regulus sees him instantly, his hair a little longer, his face a little more tired, but it's still Sirius, and as weak as it makes him to admit it, it's still his brother. 

 

The fight commences, and the air becomes a kaleidoscope of spell-fire, fluoro greens leaving the Death Eaters' wands and the blood red of stunning spells coming from the Order.

 

Everybody is moving, trying to take out the pawns so they can get to the kings, and Regulus sees it all. He's not trying to plan some complicated strategy to get Dumbledore, though; he only wants one outcome from this fight, and it's Sirius' survival.

 

If he has to kill every member of the light so Sirius can live, he'll do it.

 

If he has to kill every member of the Death Eaters so Sirius can live, he'll do it.

 

If he has to kill himself so Sirius can live, he'll do it without hesitation.

 

Regulus is a bad person who belongs in a war, but Sirius is so infuriatingly good and Gryffindorish that he doesn't deserve to suffer.

 

Sirius doesn't deserve to die, so instead of launching spells at the Light, Regulus casts a shield charm around himself that will repel most curses and focuses on the Death Eaters.

 

Most of them are duelling in groups of 2 or 3 against those on the light side, and it's a fairly even fight.

 

Groups are running, chasing, hiding and hunting.

 

There's blood and injuries everywhere.

 

Regulus refocuses on his brother, who dodges an entrail expelling curse by an inch, and before his brain has caught up to his hand, his wand has moved, and he's broken every bone in Rodopholus Lestrange's body.

 

Don't you fucking touch him,  Regulus thinks murderously.

 

Despite the effectiveness of Regulus' spell, Rabastan Lestrange, who was fighting with his brother, thinks that Sirius shot the spell, and now he's fighting back twice as hard, casting spells twice as dark.

 

Regulus recognises the look in Rabastan's eye; it's the one he's sure he has in his own eyes now. The one that swears revenge against those who are trying to hurt the ones he loves, and Regulus doesn't doubt that the next flash of light that will come out of Rabastan's wand will be bright green.

 

There's an easy solution to that, though.

 

Regulus casts the spell first, and Rabastan collapses to the ground, dead.

 

That's right, you fucker,  Regulus thinks, before focusing back in on the battle.

 

Sirius has high-fived James Potter because  of course  they're inseparable even now, as they celebrate the two death eaters that they just bettered, unaware that it was Regulus looking out for them like some guardian angel that dragged itself from the depths of hell.

 

He couldn't give a shit about Potter, although if he keeps hanging around so close to Sirius, then Regulus will have to protect him by association. If they were in Slytherin, one of them would've used the other as a human shield, but that isn't brave or noble enough for the Gryffindors, apparently.

 

Regardless, the fight is coming to a close. Those with injuries are being apparated away, and those who are incapacitated on the dark side are being captured by aurors.

 

A figure comes towards Regulus, and he raises his wand instinctively even though he knows he wouldn't use it. The person on the other side doesn't, but it also seems they don't care if they get cursed or not as they come closer and closer and closer.

 

Just like Regulus recognised his brother from across the field, Sirius evidently recognised him despite wearing the same robes and mask as everyone else.

 

He's expecting a fight, an argument, a curse, anything, but all Sirius says is, "you're dead to me", before spitting at his feet and turning around.

 

Regulus flinches slightly from the heat of the burning hatred in the words and watches his brother walk away for the second time.

 

Good,  Regulus thinks,  stay away from me.

 

It's the only way I can protect you.

 

He's more grateful than ever for the ugly mask that hides his tears as he disapparates away and returns to Grimmauld Place.

 

He's usually better at occluding than this, but Sirius has always affected him in ways others never could.

 

He tells himself that he's a monster, a heartless weapon, but at the end of the day, he is human, and everybody has a weakness.

 

And Regulus' is Sirius.

 

 

His parents are away, which he's thankful for, so he has the house to himself, but he doesn't really do anything except sulk and pity himself.

 

Of  course , Sirius would make him feel like this, like he's an awful emotionless person, and as much as Regulus hates it there's a part of him that's grateful.

 

He's been so empty recently, doing what he's told, following his parents' and the Dark Lord's orders, acting in every way in a station befitting a Black and occluding any thought that wasn't anger or vengeance away, that he's almost forgotten what it's like to feel anything else.

 

His primary emotion is grief for a brother who isn't dead, but it's a nice reminder that he once had a life where he had someone he loved enough to miss them.

 

That life is over now.

 

He doesn't have Sirius anymore, and he doubts he ever will again.

 

He goes around the house, reading books, missing his brother, occluding any thoughts of missing his brother until they go away almost entirely, and waiting for something to do.

 

The Dark Lord hasn't called him, his parents haven't returned, and all Evan and Barty do is kill and torture muggles these days, but Regulus just can't quite be bothered.

 

His monotonous days end less than a week later when he's in the library, and the crack of house elf apparation sounds signifies Kreacher's return. 

 

Regulus turns around to greet him when the words get stuck in his throat.

 

Kreacher is wet, practically drowned, and an uncomfortable feeling brushes over Regulus as he sees his pale and saturated body with scratches across his torso. He wonders why it feels like a signal of something to come, like a premonition or a warning.

 

Kreacher is heaving up water and something glittery green onto the carpet, which Regulus vanishes instantly.

 

"Oh, Master Regulus, Kreacher is coming back like you asked him to, but Kreacher is not feeling well. Kreacher went someplace very bad with a very bad wizard who did bad things to Kreacher."

 

Regulus looks up at this, an unexpected fury passing over him as he realises that, like with the muggles, house elves are just another species being dragged into a war they don't even want to fight for.

 

"What did he do to you, Kreacher?" Regulus asks, horrified.

 

"Kreacher does not want to say, for he might upset young Master Regulus. Kreacher does not want the Young Master to worry", he replies fretfully, but Regulus can't have that.

 

He wants to know.

 

He  needs  to know.

 

He can't start his revenge without context for the motivation.

 

Regulus takes a deep breath in and braces himself for whatever he's about to hear.

 

"Tell me." 

 
Notes:

    YOU KNOW WHATS GOING DOWN IN THE NEXT CHAPTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (chapter after next really because next chapter is post-prologue)

     

    Also Regulus saying he's finally good enough for someone :(((((( and him watching Sirius leave for the second time :(((((((((((((((

    You can't deny that I'm delivering on the Black Brother Angst tag !! Xx

Chapter 5: Chapter 4: November 1980
Summary:

    Regulus has unhealthy coping mechanisms...

    Remus loves Regulus.

    James wants Regulus to love him.

Notes:

    Here we go, a day early, happy Thursday everyone.

    Hope you enjoy this chapter, it's got different character interactions, a bit of murder, the start of jegulus, all the right ingredients for a Regulus fic tbh.

    I love reading through all the comments, so feel free to keep sending them in!!!

    Might have next update up by Sunday, but will definitely be early next week if not xx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

November 1980

 

Regulus wakes early and goes down to the kitchen, where Sirius is already up.

 

"Hey Reggie."

 

"Sirius."

 

They sit at opposite ends of the table in silence, sipping their cups of tea until Regulus says bluntly, "you look like shit. What problems are you having now?"

 

"What the fuck makes you think I'm having problems?" Sirius bursts out heatedly, but Regulus simply raises one eyebrow until Sirius sighs. "I suppose you know the significance of the full moon tomorrow, and Remus is just having a hard time with it, like staying in bed for days before and after the full moon kind of hard. They keep getting worse; I think part of it is annoyance that Greyback didn't die in the war, you know? He's just still out there even after all he's done" before he trails off and stares morosely at the grains of the table.

 

"I know it's your house, not his, and I know you'd rather him not be here, but I just think it might be nice if you at least talked to him, you know?" Sirius continues. "Show him that you don't hate the idea of him being here, get him a gift or something; I think it could help."

 

"You want me to get your boyfriend a housewarming present because he gate-crashed my house?" Regulus asks dryly. "You can all go home, I don't need a babysitter."

 

"Dumbledore wants us to stay since its headquarters –"

 

"Was headquarters" 

 

"Is headquarters", Sirius repeats forcefully, "and that means I've got to stay here to manage the wards, which someone fucked up entirely."

 

Regulus smiles at the memory and says, "that was a good moment, I fucking hate Dumbledore." However, his brief happiness fades as Sirius protests, saying, "what's wrong with Dumbledore? He's been fighting this war for years, he's the greatest wizard of our generation", before tensing instinctively as Regulus' mood changes violently and the anger consumes him entirely.

 

He's thirteen, and he's coming back to school with half his face under glamours that he knows Dumbledore can see through but ignores.

 

He's sixteen, and he's being condemned to a life of servitude under the Dark Lord by the one person who could have saved him.

 

He's nineteen, it's been over three years, and the betrayal of it still hurts like it was yesterday.

 

"No" is all Regulus can say, he's too angry to speak clearly. His hands are clenching at nothing, the anger manifesting exponentially. If he casts a spell, it won't be something as harmless as a stinging hex, so he walks out of the room before he does any damage that he can't reverse.

 

"Reggie", Sirius calls out from behind him before an exasperated sigh and the sounds of quick footsteps follow. "Reggie, wait –"

 

Regulus decides then and there that he needs an outlet for the pure fucking rage he's feeling. Dumbledore always bought the worst out in him after all, and he still can't escape him even now he's been locked out of Grimmauld Place.

 

He's got no more Death Eaters to interrogate, and he doesn't know where they are anyways. He's long past torturing muggles, he hasn't done that since he was 16, and Sirius would never forgive him if he whipped out the cruciatus curse on Lupin or Potter.

 

Lupin.

 

Sirius' words from earlier flash in his mind.

 

Remus is sick.

 

Moons are harder.

 

Greyback.

 

Ignoring Sirius, who is still behind him, he veers off onto the third-floor landing, still disregarding Sirius, who is saying, "Reggie, what are you doing, don't, don't –". However, Regulus swings open the door to Sirius and Remus' bedroom without knocking.

 

His eyebrows shoot up as he sees Remus; he genuinely looks terrible. His skin is a pale grey, covered in sweat, and his eyes look glazed over with a fever. Regulus doesn't know much about werewolves, but he doesn't know if this is normal, if they go through this every month, he knows Greyback never did and –

 

Oh.

 

"Lupin, is Greyback the one who bit you? Lupin? Lupin?"

 

Remus doesn't even react, doesn't even show that he's heard him, and as Regulus leans forwards to shake an answer out of him, Sirius' hand locks harshly around his wrist. Regulus has put the puzzle pieces together though, so he lets himself be dragged out of the room as Sirius almost tosses him into the hallway, shuts the bedroom door gently and casts a silencing spell.

 

Then,

 

"ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR FUCKING MIND!? I told you not to go in there, or did you need proof that he's sick? You probably made his migraines worse, and if they're bad when he goes into the transformation, his wounds are always worse, so –".

 

"I'm trying to help him –"

 

"And how are you going to do that?" Sirius asks heatedly. "Are you going to torture the pain out of him? Curse him? Hex him? Kill him?"

 

"Not everything I do is done with dark magic –"

 

"Well, I haven't seen any evidence of that so far; all I see is the exact son our parents always wanted me to be! So, prove me wrong. Do something for someone else, tell me, show me, just prove me wrong, Regulus". 

 

Sirius is panting, the anger within him starting to simmer down, he's wondering if he regrets his words and should apologise, but Regulus never gives him a chance.

 

He's hurt and angry, and he doesn't want to be here, doesn't want to hear anything more from Sirius, so with a loud crack, he disapparates.

 

 

James comes down seconds later, having heard the fighting but is unprepared for the sight of Sirius sitting against the wall, head in his hands, crying.

 

"Pads?" he asks softly, trying to make out what Sirius is saying when he realises it's the same two sentences repeated over and over.

 

"He's gone, he's gone, he's gone.

 

 I just got him back, and now he's gone"

 

 

Regulus lands in the clearing of a wood in mid-Wales, spelling his Death Eater robes and mask over his body, and he can smell the magic in the air. Evidently, the werewolves can smell him too, and the first two come out to ask him who he is, what he's doing here, and how he found them. Before they say anything or realise that he's a threat in disguise, the air flashes green, and they're both dead.

 

He feels himself getting calmer already.

 

More and more wolves come out, and Regulus keeps killing them until they get the message that he's not here to talk. Many of these werewolves are feral; they don't have a wand and believe that they are a creature of the forest, but Regulus doesn't mind. It makes them all that much easier to kill.

 

Eventually, the higher-ranking wolves start to come out who can use wandless magic and have embraced the nature of being a dark creature, but unfortunately for them, Regulus has also embraced his reality of being a dark wizard.

 

He tosses them aside like they're made of feathers and keeps waiting, waiting, waiting, until –

 

"Who dares to come here and incapacitate my pack?"

 

Ah.

 

The man of the hour.

 

Fenrir fucking Greyback.

 

"Wouldn't you like to know?" Regulus calls out smugly; he must have taken out at least 20 of his minions without receiving a scratch. Yeah, he's young, still only 19, but he's powerful.

 

Everyone always underestimates him, and that's how he betters them.

 

"I'm a dark creature, boy", Greyback says. "You're going to regret having come here when I kill you".

 

Regulus smiles under the mask and says, "you're a dark creature, but you're not a dark wizard; you're only trying to be. It's in your name that you're grey after all."

 

"I'm a dark shade of grey, boy", Greyback replies furiously, but Regulus just smiles again and says ", do you know what's darker than grey though?" before removing his mask and relishing in the way Greyback's eyes widen in surprise.

 

"Black."

 

It's just him and Greyback, a few metres apart on the edge of the woods, and they're both standing still until Greyback lunges towards him, teeth bared, claws raised, and Regulus quickly steps aside. The bite wouldn't turn him, the full moon isn't until tomorrow, but Regulus doesn't doubt that Greyback would rip him to shreds if he could get his teeth into him. Plus, his teeth are yellow, and Regulus is sure they hold far too many diseases than he'd care to know about, let alone contract.

 

Regulus uses his magical strength, and Greyback uses his physical, but again, it's almost sad how easy it is.

 

A cutting hex here, a severing hex here, a –

 

Fuck, fuck, fuck.

 

Greyback has clawed across Regulus' torso, leaving deep wounds already oozing blood, but he can't pause now even though he wants to immediately disinfect them. Greyback's nails are caked with mud, dirt, and now Regulus' blood.

 

Fuck indeed.

 

He's hunched over slightly, although the majority of the pain has been dulled by adrenaline, and Regulus brings his wand back up, casting a stunning spell that misses, a cruciatus curse that misses, and he's beginning to wonder if he's about to die when Greyback lunges forwards, clawing down his shoulder this time, and Regulus' body bind finally hits its target.

 

Oh, thank Merlin.

 

He reinforces the strength of it so that there's no way he can escape and is about to cast the killing curse when he stops.

 

Greyback doesn't deserve a death that kind.

 

He turned over one thousand children in the war; he deserves to suffer the same horror he caused so many.

 

Mind made up, Regulus transfigures eight rocks that he found on the ground into wolves that he then directs towards Greyback's body.

 

They start mauling him instantly, ripping away his flesh and swallowing before taking another bite. It's brutal and sadistic and undoubtedly a horrible way to go, but Regulus simply cancels the part of the body bind over his head so that he can hear him scream.

 

Greyback can't move, can't fight, can't do anything except lay there and take it until he dies, and eventually, he does.

 

All that remains are an assortment of bones scattered across the clearing, with the flesh licked clean off them.

 

Good fucking riddance,  he thinks dizzily, his mind focusing on the blood loss he's still experiencing, but he knows he'll have healing supplies at home. 

 

The job doesn't have to be neat; it's not like he doesn't have scars already.

 

He leaves his Death Eater mask in the clearing; he'll never wear it again and disapparates back to the front doorstep of Grimmauld Place.

 

 

Remus suddenly zones back into consciousness, his mind startlingly clear in a way that it never is before a full moon. He bolts upright from the bed he was lying in and only gets more confused when this doesn't make his head spin to the extent that he either throws up or passes out.

 

Sirius has been sitting on the bed, watching him, and all he blurts out is, "that fucker, he fucking did it."

 

"Who did what?" Remus asks confusedly, but Sirius just shakes his head, saying, "he did it", and then he's surging forwards to kiss him.

 

Half of Remus wants to ask for more details, but the other half of himself decides that it can wait.

 

Here's Sirius in his arms, kissing him, so why would he want to do anything other than kiss him back?

 

The wards chime 20 minutes later, and when Sirius reaches into the house magic, he recognises Regulus' magical signature.

 

Relief almost sets in until he hears James screaming his name with nothing short of pure terror.

 

 

James was in the garden, watching the world go by when he heard the wards chime to a new arrival. It's the same doorbell-style ring that he felt the night Regulus returned, so he went to greet him.

 

Regulus is… complicated.

 

James is used to being liked, and he's not used to being ignored, sneered at, or genuinely hated, but Regulus does all of the above simultaneously.

 

And he wants it to stop.

 

He doesn't want to be hated at all, especially not by his best friend's brother.

 

Maybe he wouldn't have minded as much if they were still on opposite sides of the war, but even during it, he once came across Sirius about a year and a half ago when he was just crying, holding a photo, and looking as though his heart was breaking more and more the longer he looked at it.

 

James' first thought was horror that he and Remus had broken up until he saw a flash of Regulus' young face, probably only about eight years old, as Sirius had shoved the photo into his pocket.

 

Sirius loves Regulus, he's his brother; there's no denying that, and James and Sirius do everything together, so it only makes sense that Regulus becomes like his brother too.

 

He doesn't want to remain his enemy, and he can't think of any other outcome of what he could be to him, so brother it is.

 

Except Regulus doesn't want anything to do with him.

 

James is nothing but determined, though, and he needs a new challenge now that the war is over, not that his help was apparently required. He knows that Regulus and Sirius fought this morning, but now he's come back, which is another positive?

 

At any rate, Sirius sequestered himself away in the guise of watching over Remus, so he goes to the front door to meet Regulus.

 

Maybe he can just say hi, and Regulus won't curse him; that would be progress. But does he say hi like he's happy, or should he say hi in the same dead tone that Regulus usually speaks with? Which one would he like more?

 

James hears the front door open and close and is mentally preparing what he's going to say when he enters the foyer, and the words get stuck in his throat.

 

Regulus is slumped against the front door, breathing heavily, and his dark black robes seem to hang off him like they're wet.

 

It isn't until he slowly looks up at James' gasp of horror that he realises it's not water that covers him. It's blood, dripping down his neck, through the rips of his robes, and forming a small puddle on the hardwood floor.

 

Regulus slides down the wall until he's in a sitting position, summons a little box that James can't make out, and then clenches his teeth as he shoves a needle and thread into his skin before pulling it out and pushing it back in again.

 

His sharp hiss of pain is what snatches James out of his trance.

 

"Sirius" he screams frantically. "Sirius!" before rushing towards Regulus, who seems to be about to pass out, even as he continues to dutifully sew his skin back together.

 

"You're not Sirius", he slurs out, and James realises that Regulus is evidently in a critical state if there's not even an ounce of malice or hidden insults in the way he addresses him.

 

"Sirius!" James screams again, relief settling in as he hears footsteps thundering towards him. He goes to wrap his arm around Regulus hesitantly to bring him somewhere comfortable and is surprised when he slumps into him, almost going limp.

 

"I need to stitch my chest", he murmurs before James can take the needle away from him, "I need to stitch my chest."

 

"We can do that", James promises, "we're good at healing, you're not going to die."

 

"I know", Regulus says nonsensically, "I would never die in winter."

 

James feels bad for laughing a little, given the severity of the situation, but it's such a ridiculous thing to say, and Regulus had said it with such surety that he can't help himself.

 

He starts to drag Regulus towards the sitting room, drag is generous, he's practically carrying him there, but he barely seems to notice.

 

James wonders if he's still conscious when Regulus murmurs out deliriously, "you're so warm," and despite knowing that it's the blood loss talking, James can't help but smile.

 

Sirius comes down the last flight of stairs shortly after, surprisingly followed by Remus, who simply chokes out a panicked "Reggie, no, don't you dare fucking die on me."

 

"It's winter", he repeats, like that explains everything.

 

Sirius hooks himself under Regulus' other shoulder, who gives him a crooked smile and slurs out "Sirius", even though the word comes out as one syllable.

 

Remus accioes the potions kit he always has handy for full moons, and Sirius and James lay Regulus down on the couch, who despite his delirious state, protests instantly, fussing about getting blood on the upholstery.

 

"Reggie shut the fuck up", Sirius says mindlessly before he gets to work healing his chest.

 

There are 10 cuts in total; two have been sewn up already, and the third has the needle and thread still hanging out of it. It was only two slashes from Greyback's hand, but they're deep and gruesome, and Remus sucks in a sharp breath when he recognises them.

 

"They're from a werewolf", he breathes out. "Not one on the full moon, but they're from a werewolf."

 

"What the fuck have you done, Reggie?" Sirius whispers.

 

He's not expecting an answer, didn't even ask the question to receive one, but he hears Regulus' quiet voice rasp through the air like he's shouting.

 

"I've proved you wrong."

 

Sirius doesn't know what to say to that, so he heals the wounds best he can and rubs dittany over them to reduce the scarring, and as he vanishes the remaining blood covering Regulus' torso, he blanches.

 

He saw the scars on Regulus' arm the day before yesterday when he walked in on him sleeping but hadn't been able to focus on much else after getting his blood boiled. Now, nothing stops him from seeing Regulus's skin, which is more pink than white. 

 

There's no pattern, no consistency, except they all come in groups of five. He wonders if this isn't his first werewolf attack, and it saddens him that the ones he received today will only blend in.

 

It's his little brother; he's only 19, none of this should have happened to him, and as he grabs a pain potion and goes to pour it down Regulus' throat, a hand shoots out to grab his wrist, stopping him.

 

"Take the potion", he says, leaving no room for argument, but Regulus simply pulls his wand out and casts an unfamiliar spell that makes the vial glow yellow.

 

"Not poison then", he says to himself, and then he chugs it down in one swallow.

 

He repeats this process with two blood-replenishing potions that glow a bright shade of purple, which are also not poison, apparently.

 

He's healing fine, making Sirius vow to get some answers. However, as Remus slips another vial into his hands to give his brother and recognises the tell-tale sheen of dreamless sleep, he decides that answers can wait and eventually, he watches as Regulus' breathing evens out.

 

"What the fuck just happened?" Remus asks incredulously. "You said that Regulus had done something related to my symptoms. You didn't mention that he'd nearly gone and killed himself".

 

"He didn't", Sirius denies instantly, "he's not dead, and he's not dying."

 

"No, of course not, " Remus replies, "he's just sleeping, right?" Then he looks expectedly at James to get him to recount what happened.

 

"I, I don't know", James stutters out, even he can't make sense of it. "I went to greet him when I heard the wards chime, and he was just slumped against the front door covered in blood, and then he brings out a needle and starts sewing himself together. I don't know where it came from or where he came from, but, you know, here he is".

 

"Here he is", Sirius echoes, his eyes unmoving from his little brother's deathly pale face.

 

 

Regulus wakes up an undiscernible amount of time later and is confused to see an elegant chandelier over his head…

 

He doesn't have a chandelier in his bedroom…

 

His hand shoots for his wand, his war instincts taking over. One of the Death Eaters must have seen him after he killed Greyback, although he's sure he remembers returning to Grimmauld when a sharp pain slices through his abdomen making him wince, and Sirius' worried face floods his vision.

 

"Back the fuck away from me", Regulus says, "why are you even here". He looks around, and upon realising he's in the sitting room, he says with a hint of confusion, "why am I even here?"

 

He sees Lupin and Potter behind Sirius, because of course, and they all have mirror expressions of confusion with a hint of fear and concern.

 

"You don't remember?" Sirius asks, concerned.

 

"Evidently not if I'm fucking asking" Regulus huffs out frustratedly before he looks down at his recently healed chest wounds, muttering, "right, no, I do remember," and then walks out of the room.

 

Sirius reaches out to stop him, Potter and Lupin both look like they want to but are still too scared, but he simply calls out, "I'm getting a shirt; I'm not going to fight another fucking werewolf" before they hear his bedroom door close.

 

"So, it was a werewolf", James whispers, "in the nicest way Pads, what the fuck is wrong with him?"

 

All Sirius can utter is an honest "I don't know."

 

Regulus comes back down to the sitting room minutes later dressed in a collared shirt and slacks, which is still overdressed to be sitting around the house. Still, it's the most casual any of them have seen him.

 

"So…" Sirius draws out, prompting Regulus to begin, which he does, but it's not what any of them are expecting.

 

He looks at Remus and simply says, "Greyback was the one who bit you, wasn't he?"

 

Remus can tell that he's not asking because he's curious, rather because he wants him to confirm what he already knows, but it's definitely with an uncomfortable and loaded edge to his voice that he bites out "yes."

 

"Good.", Regulus replies. It's the day before the full moon, so his temper is already so high it's about to snap and have a go at him and tell him that there's nothing good about it when Regulus continues.  

 

"Sirius wanted me to show that I value you being here or some shit like that, and while I can't say that I do, I suppose I'll have to make allowances given you're going to be my brother-in-law", which leaves Remus trying to figure out if he's being insulted or complimented.

 

"Thank you?" Remus asks, "Or sorry? I'm not sure which one you'd prefer".

 

"You can thank me for getting me your magic back before the full moon and leave the apology to me; you're the one who's going to be dealing with my brother for the rest of your life, after all."

 

"So, you did do something", Remus says slowly, eyes flicking between Regulus and Sirius. "Wait, did you do something with Greyback? Like the Fenrir Greyback?"

 

"Oh, I did something alright," he says smugly.

 

"What did you do? Did you do something to him? Did you give me his magic?"

 

"No, I just stopped him from being able to take yours."

 

"And how did you do that?" Remus asks, concerned despite himself. He's hoping Regulus hasn't made the target on his back even bigger until he hears the words he's been waiting to hear since he was 4 years old.

 

"I killed him."

 

"No", Remus says, shocked.

 

"Yes", Regulus replies, smirking. "Consider it a consolation gift for having to deal with my nightmare of a brother for the rest of your life".

 

Sirius squawks indignantly, but all Remus can say is "no".

 

"No", he repeats. "Is that where you went today? Is that what you've nearly gotten yourself killed for?" regretting his last words as Sirius winces again, but surprisingly Regulus laughs?

 

He clearly inherited the Black family's insanity.

 

"I've gotten worse for less and still survived. I needed an outlet for my anger anyways, so I tested my research hypothesis", Regulus says, still amused. "I was evidently right with my theory. Greyback was the one who bit you, so he could draw on your magic which he always needed more of during the full moon, and that's why you got weaker in the lead-up to it", he finishes, matter of fact. "But, Greyback is no more."

 

"So, you killed him?" James bursts out, stunned. He can't ever imagine killing someone, let alone on a random Tuesday.

 

"Not just him", Regulus replies unhelpfully; however, all of the others are waiting for more, and he huffs out annoyedly, "I killed all the wolves who tried to stop me from getting to him and then transfigured a bunch of rocks into wolves and let them maul Greyback apart until all that was left were his bones. Is that what you were waiting to hear? They treat full moons like a competition, who can turn the most people, and it's Greyback who orchestrates it. They all deserved to die, but Greyback didn't deserve a simple killing curse."

 

"Simple", Sirius scoffs in disbelief while James' eyes get even wider. "What if he hadn't been the right person? Not that I'm not grateful Remus is alright, but still, that's murder. Don't you feel bad?"

 

Regulus laughs again.

 

"You're cute, Potter, but I lost track of my kill count when I was 17; what's another one at the end of the day? Plus, even if Greyback was the wrong person, I still would've killed him in the exact same manner."

 

James should be horrified, repulsed even. He should be calling the aurors to have him arrested for literal murder, but all he can think of is Regulus' condescending voice bouncing around his head. 

 

You're cute, you're cute, you're cute. 

 

He wonders when the room got so hot and how he never noticed someone starting the fire, but when he looks at the grate, it's empty. 

 

How weird.

 

Regulus is obviously unrepentant, and he's looking at Sirius, who seems to understand and be almost proud of him in a way only a Black could. He turns to look at Lupin, hoping he hasn't crossed a boundary that's going to leave him with more claw marks across his body.

 

Lupin is just staring at him.

 

Staring. 

 

Staring.

 

Staring.

 

Until, 

 

"I think you're my new favourite Black brother."

 

"Hey!"

 

 

 

A few hours later, Sirius and Remus are holed up in their bedroom, and James is unwilling to interrupt them, let alone enter in case he becomes scarred for life.

 

He also doesn't want to be alone, though, so that leaves Regulus who has disappeared somewhere in the house to process his murderous tendencies. Or celebrate them? James really has no idea.

 

In any case, as much as he doesn't want to admit it, he feels left out.

 

Sirius has had his brotherly bonding time even though it turned into a fight, and Remus has had the gift of murder which he apparently appreciates, but now James wants his turn. Especially since his last attempt to befriend Regulus was interrupted by him bleeding out in the foyer.

 

He wants Regulus to be nice to him, to talk to him, anything. 

 

Well, maybe not anything, he doesn't want Regulus to murder someone in his honour, but he thinks it would be romantic if he saved someone he loved. If anyone saved someone he loved, he thinks it would be hard not to fall in love with them on the spot.

 

At any rate, he goes to find Regulus.

 

He's not in the library, the kitchen, or the sitting room, and even though he almost passed out today, he still slept until the early afternoon, so surely he hasn't gone to bed yet.

 

He goes to his room to try anyways, but just like the night of Regulus' return, he can't even touch the door; the wards are evidently still in place to keep everyone out.

 

For some reason, Sirius still can and still does enter, even if James doesn't know why. If Regulus defeated Voldemort on his own, he's sure he'd be able to design a ward to keep his brother out, but whatever. James isn't bitter or jealous that Sirius can go as he pleases, and James can't go at all.

 

Not much, anyways.

 

He hears footsteps behind him and turns around to see Regulus, the one person he wanted to see, except it's a bit awkward now that he's trying to get into his room, which evidently isn't letting him in.

 

"You won't get in", Regulus says, and James huffs out a frustrated "yes, I can fucking see that."

 

They're both just standing in the hallway, staring at each other, when James feels the air heat up again.

 

It must be Regulus' magic,  he thinks. Maybe he's got so much of it that it just leaks out of him.

 

"What do you want, Potter?" Regulus sighs out.

 

He looks tired, James thinks. He looks a bit less put together, a bit more human, a bit softer and as terrible as it is, James almost wouldn't mind if he bled out more often if this is who he becomes in the aftermath.

 

Where the fuck did that thought come from?  He thinks aghast.

 

"If you don't answer my question, I'm going to leave", Regulus repeats. He doesn't look like he's enjoying himself, but James supposes he's in a good mood if he hasn't hexed him yet.

 

"I just wanted to say hi?" James finishes weakly, wincing further as Regulus gives out a long-suffering sigh.

 

"Why would you want to do that," he asks bluntly, his face remaining emotionless; however, his jaw twitches as James keeps talking.

 

'Well, you're my best friends little brother –"

 

"My name is Regulus."

 

"Are you always this difficult to talk to?" James bursts out, "why can't you just be nice?" He thinks it would be easier to talk to his cauldron than Regulus.

 

Regulus laughs again.

 

"This is nice, Potter, take it or leave it. Now, do you want to talk to me as Sirius' younger brother, or are you going to talk to me as Regulus Arcturus Black because the former is going to leave you hexed, and the latter probably will too, if you keep this up."

 

"Keep what up?" James asks, unexpectedly affronted, "I'm making conversation."

 

"Exactly," he replies slowly like James is missing the point.

 

"One more thing, and then I'll leave you alone," James says quickly.

 

Regulus raises his wand in a silent threat as he drawls out, "this better be good".

 

James is wracking his brain, trying to find something good, something great even, but all that comes out of his mouth is, "where's my gift?" Then he tenses in preparation for the pain that, doesn't come?

 

Regulus is staring at him in bewilderment and simply says, "I beg your pardon?"

 

James is trying to find a way to get himself out of this hole he's digging for himself but figures the only way to go is forwards.

 

"You got Sirius and Remus a gift", he says, feeling like a spoilt child all of a sudden who's asking for more presents, "why didn't I get one?"

 

A tense silence settles between them, although James doesn't know why the question was so heavy. He doesn't recognise the look in Regulus' eye, doesn't recognise what emotion is causing his stiff back and tense body, still, he's staring at Regulus, unable to look away, waiting, waiting, waiting, until Regulus speaks.

 

"I already gave you one," he says through a clenched jaw, "and the fact that you took care of it is the only reason I'm not cursing you right now."

 

James is understandably confused, he hadn't talked to Regulus in over 3 years until earlier this week, and he definitely hasn't held onto anything.

 

"You never gave me anything", James says slowly, and he tenses again when Regulus' sharp eyes lock onto him.

 

"I did", Regulus says. "I gave you the one thing I wanted even though to give it to you would be to lose it for myself."

 

"I'm sorry, but I don't remember, so can you remind me what it was or when it was so I can –"

 

"Four and a half years ago," Regulus says, and his usually stoic mask cracks slightly. "You got your gift four and a half years ago", and before James can work out what that means, Regulus whirls around and shuts his door behind him. James reaches out in vain to try and get through to him, to demand an actual answer, but the wards still won't let him pass.

 

What happened four and a half years ago?  James wonders, that's mid-1976, which would've been in the summer before sixth year, which is when –

 

Oh.

 

Summer before sixth year.

 

Sirius ran away.

 

James has always assumed that's what happened, that Sirius ran away. He's never wondered until now how he got himself across a room and through a floo to the correct destination when he couldn't even move.

 

He's never wondered until now if maybe it wasn't adrenaline that got Sirius to him.

 

Maybe,

 

just maybe,

 

it was Regulus.

 

 

Hours later, after he's finished staring at the wall and cursing James out in five different languages, Regulus is in the library. He's been reading, lying on the couch in a way that would have gotten him hexed if his parents were still around when someone knocks at the door and waits for his reply.

 

Evidently not Sirius, then.

 

"Come in", Regulus sighs, hoping he won't regret this, and oh. 

 

It's Lupin.

 

"Why are you here?" he says blandly. He doesn't want to be disturbed after the day he's had, but Lupin isn't taking the hint.

 

"I wanted to ask you something about the war", Remus says carefully, immediately noticing how Regulus's entire body stiffens, his eyes flitting his way quickly, ready for a fight.

 

"Don't", Regulus spits out. "Don't you fucking dare. I swear to Merlin if Dumbledore put you up to this, I'll kill you, I won't hesitate -"

 

Remus doesn't know what Regulus' problem with Dumbledore is, but he evidently has one, and he's not keen to die today.

 

"I'm not here on his orders, and I won't tell him anything if that makes you feel better", he says, trying to diffuse the situation, and surprisingly, this makes Regulus laugh?

 

It's not a happy laugh, but it's a laugh nonetheless.

 

"Nothing makes me feel better, I fucking hate living", he says tonelessly, which admittedly concerns Remus, but figures that unpacking Regulus' trauma and emotions isn't going to work on a day like today. 

 

He's hesitating slightly which Regulus notices, and this seems to anger him? Annoy him? Remus can't tell, but he knows he's not pleased with his presence.

 

"Ask your question and leave, don't ask your question and leave. Either way, fuck off."

 

"What were the objects that you put on the table?" Remus says before Regulus can retract his offer. He's curious, always has been academic, and has been wondering since he saw them.

 

Regulus isn't replying, simply staring at him, expression empty, so Remus elaborates.

 

"You know? The ring, the book, the ugly little tiara –"

 

"A tiara?" Regulus bursts out. "Did you just call it a tiara?"

 

Regulus doesn't look angry per se but rather offended, on the tiara's behalf? Maybe he shouldn't have called it ugly...

 

"It's a diadem", Regulus continues, "It is the diadem which belonged to Rowena Ravenclaw, and the look of it doesn't matter when there is so much history embedded in it, which has unfortunately –"

 

He's so different from Sirius,  Remus thinks before saying, "okay, okay, I get it, horcruxes, not what I thought they were but alright –"

 

"Your half-bloodedness is showing, Lupin", Regulus says annoyedly. "A true pureblood would never interrupt another, especially when they're the one who asked for an answer in the first place."

 

"Sirius and James interrupt people all the time", Remus replies.

 

"As I said", Regulus says pointedly, "a true pureblood would never."

 

"You do realise that all of that blood supremacy bullshit is, well, bullshit, right?" Remus asks, enjoying the fact that he and Regulus seem to be getting on well enough, when "OW FUCK, your stinging hexes HURT!"

 

"I know", is all Regulus says, smiling sweetly, "your turn for questions is over; it's my turn now." Remus is wondering what he's gotten himself into when, "what did you think the diadem was if you didn't think it was a horcrux?"

 

That's it?  Remus thinks confusedly, but out loud, all he says is, "I thought they might have been hallows."

 

"Like the deathly hallows?" Regulus asks, slightly disappointed. "They're a myth. How would Voldemort have tried to win the war with a myth?"

 

"All myths come from a story, don't they?" Remus counters, "so maybe he's the one who figured out where its origin was."

 

"Maybe", is all Regulus says in response, but the wheels have started turning in his head. He was nearly a Ravenclaw after all; he had to beg and plead the sorting hat to put him into Slytherin, too afraid to follow in his brothers' footsteps even though they would have led him to everything he wanted, so he's naturally intrigued by this new bit of information, this new possibility of finding more information. 

 

He's all ready to kick Lupin out when he keeps talking.

 

Merlin, he'd forgotten how exhausting Gryffindors are.

 

"I also just wanted to say thank you, even though that's probably not the appropriate response for the whole, Greyback thing", he says, gesturing helplessly as he tries to find a nice way to say the man you killed a few hours ago.

 

Regulus evidently feels no need to sugarcoat things, as he says, "the man I tortured and murdered to spite Sirius because I was angry, you can say the words."

 

"Yeah, that", Remus says helplessly, amused despite himself, he didn't expect his murderous and psychopathic future brother-in-law to be this funny, even though he doesn't think it's deliberate. "You didn't have to, and even though you got hurt, I would never have expected, let alone asked –"

 

"If you keep talking, I'll remove your mouth. Now shut up and listen. I don't do anything I want to do, alright?"

 

"But why would you do that?" Remus asks, not quite understanding. "You don't care about me."

 

"Not particularly, no", Regulus agrees, "but Sirius does."

 

"What does that have to do with –"

 

Oh.

 

"You care about Sirius."

 

"No, I fucking don't," he bites out, but he's avoiding eye contact and looks remarkably called out.

 

Remus just smiles, looking delighted and says, "sure you don't, but if you did, I'm sure he'd like to know," and he keeps laughing through the eyewatering pain of the stinging hex Regulus sends at him.

 

"Bye, future brother-in-law", Remus calls out, and Regulus just slams the door closed with a wave of his hand in response, Remus' laughter still carrying out from down the hallway.

 

Lupin… Wasn't terrible, Regulus decides. He must be thick in the head to have chosen Sirius as a boyfriend, but otherwise, he's alright. He's no Barty or Evan, but he's alright.

 

That last thought pains him slightly; he doesn't know what happened to either of them, he couldn't risk making contact throughout the war, and now it's been two and a half years since he's seen them.

 

He'd never admit it out loud, but he missed them. He still does.

 

He represses that thought and focuses instead on what Lupin had said before about hallows? That's definitely something to research. He's heard of them for sure, but they're supposed to be a myth, a legend, a gift from death himself.

 

They're mentioned in a storybook that Sirius used to read to him when he was younger; it certainly wasn't his parents who told it to him, but he's never heard of any other sources of information, and now Regulus is feeling something that he hasn't felt in a while, he's excited.

 

A new research project.

 

He needed a new outlet after his whole defeat Voldemort plan got all wrapped up, and researching the hallows and tracing them down, if they exist, could be an excellent project to start on.

 

One golden locket led him throughout Britain to Voldemort.

 

He wonders where the hallows will take him and who they'll lead him to.

 
Notes:

    The entire Remus and Regulus scene in the library is my favourite part of the chapter.

    This is most of the set up finished, so getting into the plot soon, even if you don't quite figure out what the plot is until later on.

    The next post-prologue chapter (chapter 6) is going to be quite long I think and it's going to be everything you could ever dream of so get ready for that xx

Chapter 6: Chapter 5: May 1978 - June 1978
Summary:

    Regulus goes to the cave, wins some and loses some.

Notes:

    So I basically wrote this entire chapter today which was a good effort really, and great news aswell, I spent the last two days writing chapter 6 so that may be out tomorrow but otherwise Monday at the latest.

    This chapter is rather self explantory for the most part, but there are a couple of surprises.

    BUT THE NEXT CHAPTER (AS IN THE NEXT POST-PROLOGUE CHAPTER) IS GOING TO BE THE BEST THING OF YOUR LIVES SO BE EXCITED!!!!!!!

    Hope you enjoy, I love reading all your comments and I saw the first recommendation of my fic on tiktok today as well which was very exciting.

    See you maybe tomorrow, maybe Monday !!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

May 1978 – June 1978

 

Kreacher stops talking, having finished his tale, and Regulus can barely breathe.

 

He knew that the Dark Lord wasn't a good person; he's a dark, dark wizard at best, but to bring Kreacher into this and leave him to die? 

 

Kreacher, Regulus' constant companion when Sirius had gone to Hogwarts and his parents were neglecting him. Still loyal when both he and Sirius had gone to Hogwarts and come back during the holidays, where the only time they ever spoke was to fight.

 

Kreacher, his friend, who he lent to Voldemort only to condemn him to die. Despite the fact that Regulus didn't know what he was sending him to, the parallels he draws between himself and Dumbledore at that, however small they may be, make him want to throw up.

 

"Kreacher", Regulus says eventually, "Kreacher, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I never would have asked had I known –"

 

"Kreacher was happy to go knowing to do so would make young Master Regulus safe. Kreacher is happy to protect young Master Regulus", he says forcefully, leaving no room for arguments. Even though he almost feels like he's going to cry, Regulus can't help but smile at that.

 

"Thank you, Kreacher. You have always been a dear friend to me," before taking a deep breath and preparing himself for whatever is going to follow his next sentence.

 

"I need to do some research, and then after that, I need you to take me to that cave".

 

 

Kreacher seems reluctant to allow Regulus to spiral into the locket mystery, but it's not like Regulus needs permission. He simply asks Kreacher to describe the locket, which was gold and radiating dark magic, which doesn't help a lot; he also hadn't been able to touch it or see what it looked like entirely, which further complicates things.

 

Still, if he's going to do research on a dark object and find answers, then there's no better place to be than the Black Family Library.

 

Kreacher believes that it's not simply a spell but that there has been a fundamental shift to the physical make-up of the locket, like if the magic was removed, then the locket would be destroyed as well. 

 

This pretty much rules out grey spells, but Regulus had sort of expected that to be the case. The Dark Lord is unlikely to use anything but the darkest of dark magic.

 

Regulus goes through tome after tome, his stack of discarded books on the table growing higher and higher while Kreacher paces around the library, fretting and trying to dissuade Regulus, who respectfully ignores him.

 

It's not a modifying spell, that would still leave the locket intact if the spell was removed, and it's not potions related either. It's nothing he learnt at school either; none of that was dark enough besides the concept of the three unforgivables. 

 

Regulus knows firsthand that it's not those either.

 

Still, he feels like he's getting closer and closer to an answer as he cross-references textbooks that mention dark magic and rituals. There are still an unfortunately large number of things this could be; Regulus never would have gotten this far at Hogwarts, but the Black family is good for something he supposes. He tries various combinations in the library index, and eventually, he tries seeing what results he gets if the ritual leads to the harvesting and preservation of the piece of dark magic in the object that it's confined to like Kreacher had described.

 

Only one book glows green with a positive result.

 

Regulus feels his heart beating faster, his breathing becoming slightly uneven as he flicks through the book, getting closer and closer to page 675 where the black ink-written title practically jumps out of the page at him, unmissable, unforgettable, unforgivable.

 

Horcruxes.

 

A Horcrux can be used to split a witch or wizard's soul, and while the Horcrux remains intact, the witch or wizard cannot die. The ritual can only be completed following a murder most foul, conducted by the witch or wizard wishing to make the Horcrux. Its destruction can only be brought about through very limited methods.

 

And that's it. 

 

That's all the Black library has to offer on the key to winning the war.

 

Half of Regulus is ecstatic at his progress already, and half of him is terrified about what's to come.

 

He knows what he's getting himself in for; he knows that he's in too deep now to turn back.

 

"Kreacher, it's time."

 

 

Despite Kreacher's many protests, Regulus is stubborn and steadfast, and eventually, Kreacher promises on the condition that he'll just look.

 

A necessary lie.

 

They don't go straight to the cave. Regulus goes to Gringotts, takes a few thousand galleons from his parent's vault, and transfers his heir account under his name, delegating the funds to go to Sirius in the event of his death. 

 

His parents might be annoyed, but it's not like they'll miss the money. His heir vault holds more money than the average wizard makes in his lifetime, but to the Blacks, it's simply petty change.

 

Regulus also buys a tent which is the very dichotomy of his aristocratic purebloodedness that he shrinks and puts in the mokeskin pouch around his neck.

 

He doesn't think he'll need it, but there's a chance that Voldemort will figure out he's there, and he may need to hide for a while to figure out a plan; he is technically betraying the Dark Lord after all.

 

They arrive on the edge of a cliff face that overlooks a stormy ocean, and Regulus wonders if the Dark Lord charmed it himself just to give the whole situation an ominous and foreboding ambience.

 

Kreacher is already fidgeting nervously, his eyes flitting between Regulus and the cliffside, but as bad as Regulus feels for making him relive his recent trauma, it's not enough to make him abandon his mission. He has to get inside.

 

"Kreacher, how do I get in?" he asks, trying not to show his frustration as Kreacher hesitates. "I'm not going to order you to do anything, but I need you to help me here."

 

"The bad wizard used his blood, young Master Regulus", Kreacher says wincing, because sure enough, Regulus slices a deep gash through his palm and rubs it against the rock, which glows green and disappears.

 

Perfect, thinks Regulus.

 

Oh dear, thinks Kreacher.

 

"Now Kreacher, before we go, if you feel uncomfortable or unsafe at any time, you leave at any time, even if that means leaving me here, okay?"

 

"But young Master –"

 

"Kreacher, that's an order."

 

He wrinkles his face up and tries to find a loophole, but ultimately, he sighs, "yes, Young Master Regulus, Kreacher understands."

 

"Good."

 

They enter the cave together, and Regulus immediately notices how cold it is. Like this morning when he saw Kreacher dripping wet, he gets an uncomfortable feeling, almost like a premonition, and he swears he can feel the cold seeping into his bones.

 

It's an old cavern with high ceilings and natural architecture, and Regulus wonders what the significance of this place is or if the Dark Lord just went around all of the caves in Britain trying to find the one he liked best.

 

He really has no idea which of the two it is, but the latter definitely amuses him.

 

Upon looking around, there's a small stone pile by the entryway, which is where Regulus and Kreacher are standing at the moment, and then there's a small island about 20 metres away that is surrounded by a lake.

 

On the island is a basin, it looks to be made of solid gold, and there's a green glow coming from within it. It's similar to the colour of a killing curse, but there's a subtle difference which is one of the only ways Regulus can convince his feet to move closer towards the water.

 

Most people wouldn't know, the difference is so slight, but Regulus knows intimately what the killing curse looks like. He sees it every time he goes to sleep, after all.

 

The critical problem Regulus sees is that he can't swim. He never learnt, and Sirius never had anywhere to practice so that he could teach himself and then teach Regulus like he did with pirates and magical creatures and drawing.

 

But how hard can it be? He knows theoretically what to do; you just move your limbs in a way that makes you float. Some of the spells he cast in first year had more steps than that.

 

He's willing to try it; he doesn't want to cast magic in the cave lest it alerts the Dark Lord to his presence, so swimming it is.

 

He steps forward to the edge of the water and wonders what he can see in the water; it almost looks alive. He reaches down to look closer; maybe it's another defence he has to get past, when a hand shoots out, causing Regulus to jolt backwards in shock, swearing profusely, as he watches the hand enter back into the water where the surface of the lake goes still.

 

"Kreacher", Regulus exclaims in shock, "you didn't mention there were fucking inferi in the lake."

 

"Kreacher did not know what they were called. Kreacher disapparated as soon as he could from the depth of the lake," he replies apologetically, which causes Regulus to sigh again.

 

"Right, I'm not blaming you, nothing to worry about. There must be another way across then." His eyes find a rusty chain that hovers above the lake and then dips down to the left of them in an alcove of the cave and –

 

Now that will make things easier.

 

It's a little boat, it's definitely only made for one wizard, but it's easy enough to fit Kreacher in as well, and finding the rope, Regulus pulls them towards the island, towards the sinister green glow that promises something to come even if they don't know what it will be.

 

Kreacher keeps glancing nervously over the side of the boat where the inferi are resting dormant, but Regulus is looking straight ahead towards the basin.

 

"You can go if you're uncomfortable, Kreacher', Regulus reminds him, but Kreacher almost looks offended as he replies, "Kreacher will not abandon young Master Regulus unless it is to save him."

 

Regulus just lets out a huff of laughter and dismissively says, "don't worry, you won't be dying for me."

 

Kreacher doesn't reply.

 

The locket is inside the basin, under a glowing green liquid, the same one that Kreacher had vomited out earlier today, and when Regulus reaches his hand towards the locket, his hand won't get past the potion. It's still a liquid, but it practically becomes solid when it comes into contact with anything.

 

Despite knowing that it is not the time or place, Regulus can't help but file it away in his brain to research further; it's a new branch of magic that he's never come across.

 

No combination of vanishing charms or cleaning charms will make it disappear, and when he looks towards Kreacher, who is trembling in fright but is still loyally standing with Regulus, it suddenly clicks in his mind.

 

There's a reason why Kreacher drank the potion.

 

It's the only way.

 

"Kreacher will drink –"

 

"No", Regulus interrupts. "I will drink the potion, and you will force it down my throat, regardless of any other orders I give you, alright? If I give you any orders after I've had the potion, ignore them. Do you understand?"

 

"But young Master Regulus –"

 

"Kreacher, it's an order."

 

"Yes, young Master Regulus." Kreacher says defeatedly, and before he can talk himself out of it, Regulus grabs the shell lying on the ground next to the basin and begins to drink.

 

The potion is cold, but it burns his throat as he drinks it.

 

The first swallow is bearable, the second, third and fourth are uncomfortable, but he's still managing it, and the fifth is where the trembling begins.

 

Hallucinations begin after the ninth, and Regulus drops the shell he was drinking from, the green of the potion confusing him with the green of his first killing curse. The sound of his screams became inseparable from Sirius' on the drawing-room floor.

 

He can't think, can't see, can't breathe.

 

He feels something press against his lips, a distant, echoey "young Master Regulus must keep drinking", and he swallows dutifully.

 

By the fourteenth swallow, the potion is becoming diluted with his tears.

 

By the eighteenth, he's begging for someone, something, anything to kill him.

 

After the twentieth, the basin is empty, and the last sane part of himself grabs the locket from the basin, replaces it with the fake, and puts it in the mokeskin pouch around his neck before he collapses onto the floor.

 

"– master – go – boat," he hears from far away, but all he can focus on is water. He's so thirsty, he can't ever imagine having wanted anything more.

 

He crawls towards the water, grazing his hands and knees on the rocks, but he can't feel it over his desperate desire to quench his thirst.

 

Kreacher tries to hold him back, but Regulus is too strong.

 

He's three metres from the water,

 

Two metres,

 

One metre,

 

The second he reaches out and touches the lake, four hands reach out of the water, grabbing him by the wrists and pulling him in where he sinks helplessly into their lethal embrace.

 

All the inferi flock to him at once, fighting for a piece of the prize, and when Regulus opens his eyes, the water isn't clear anymore; it's red.

 

He's cold, freezing, it's leeching into his bones. The warmth of his blood goes out, and the coldness of the water goes in.

 

He got the water he wanted, though,

 

It's all around him, all within him, and he can't tell which way is up, how he can get out, how he can survive.

 

I'm not thirsty anymore, he thinks nonsensically.

 

He's drowning.

 

All he feels are hands scrabbling at him, ripping away his flesh, the coldness of the water, a warm hand wrapping around his bicep.

 

A warm hand?

 

It's not human, but it's not an inferi either. Regulus' drugged and addled mind can't make sense of who it could be until something bright flickers above him, and he's above the water's surface.

 

The taste of oxygen has never been so sweet.

 

He's not safe yet though; the inferi are still trying to bring him back underwater while Kreacher is trying to stay afloat for both himself and Regulus at the same time. Eventually, Regulus chokes out, "Kreacher, leave me. Take the locket and go."

 

Regulus can't save himself; he's torn between choking and drowning in the water and practically hyperventilating when his head is above the surface in his haste for oxygen, and he doesn't know why he never thought of the possibility that he could have died.

 

He's a Black, he's supposed to be invincible.

 

This is just another way that he's weak, weak, weak.

 

"Kreacher, go, save yourself. I order you to go", Regulus chokes out. He's becoming dizzy and lightheaded from the blood loss, feverish from the hypothermia, and he can't tell if his next move is to throw up or stop breathing.

 

Either way, he's done. He's not going to get out of this cave alive.

 

He looks upwards, but the cave roof is solid rock, and he finds himself almost disappointed; he can't even look up at the stars and see his brother one last time.

 

He imagines he's gone back to being six and Sirius is seven, and he's teaching him the constellations on the roof of their house.

 

Sirius was always easy to spot, the brightest in the sky and Regulus imagines he's here with him as he whispers "Goodbye Sirius," hoping desperately that there's a way that he'll hear it.

 

He knows it's all in his head, it's probably just the fever, but he swears the cold diminishes slightly as an illusion of a warm embrace from the ghost of his brother wraps around him as he takes his final breath.

 

"Young Master Regulus told Kreacher to ignore all of his orders after taking the potion", Kreacher says firmly while pulling Regulus above the surface again.

 

This jolts him violently out of his final thoughts, because, what?

 

"Kreacher, no, no, no", he bursts out, frantic and frightened, which is only making his hyperventilating worse. "You have to listen to me again, I take that back, you have to save yourself, that's an order Kreacher, go, go, I'm ordering you to go." He's struggling to breathe now; the effort it's taking him to speak and not pass out or die is becoming too much, and his vision is darkening, tunnelling out. 

 

His ears are ringing, but he still hears Kreacher's last words with crystal clarity.

 

"Kreacher has found his loophole and does not need to follow your orders because you have taken the potion. Kreacher will save young Master Regulus," and he feels a burst of warm house elf magic that whisks him away.

 

Regulus is barely conscious, barely breathing, and his entire body is numb, but he still feels his chest cave open as the last thing he sees before the magic takes him away is Kreacher being dragged downwards into the lake. His limbs are trembling with fear, and his eyes are wide and frightened, but there's a small satisfied smile on his lips as he watches Regulus disappear, far, far away from the cave.  

 

The inferi pull him under.

 

He never resurfaces.

 

 

Regulus wakes two days later, completely healed. There's no trace of the night in the cave having happened except for the scars on his body and the agony in his heart, and he walks away from his saviour with nothing more than a memory in a vial.

 

They'll never remember.

 

Regulus will never forget.

 

 

Regulus knew he might not have been able to go home after this, he had prepared for the very possibility, but for some reason, it had never quite occurred to him that it could actually happen. Still, here he is now, having stolen one of Voldemort's artefacts, unable to return.

 

He's already regretting so much about that night; not taking another wizard with him, not making better orders which would have meant Kreacher could have survived, and not having raided the family library before he left.

 

He's already wanted by the light, who will send him to Azkaban without trial, and now the dark will brutally murder him once they've found out what he's done.  

 

He doesn't know who to turn to.

 

No one can help him, and those who might be able to would only put themselves in danger to do so.

 

No, it's better he's on his own.

 

His own side.

 

He picks up his research notebook, and on the front page, he writes down a list. It only has one clause so far:

 

The to-do list of Regulus Arcturus Black.

Before I die:

 

1. Kill Voldemort

 

He thinks it will be powerful motivation; it's simple, yet effective.

 

Spite is stronger than his suicidal tendencies after all, and he is nothing but determined to avenge Kreacher's horrific death.

 

Regulus got enough trauma from the depth of that cave, and he didn't even die.

 

He wanted to die, still does really. He was ready to die in the cave, even if it's not what he had expected to happen, but instead, Kreacher is dead because of him and Voldemort.

 

He's not the Dark Lord anymore.

 

Regulus is never going to bow down to him again.

 

He's Voldemort, he's an absolute coward, and that is what Regulus will call him until he finds out his real name.

 

He disguises himself and buys half of the books on warding in Flourish and Blotts and an atlas of Great Britain. Then he simply finds an isolated patch of greenery that he apparates to and sets up his tent.

 

Then, by reading through the books and using his pre-existing knowledge of warding, he constructs twenty-three layers of wards to hide his position, block his magical signature, and deter both muggles and wizards.

 

The book only recommends using 3-5 wards for high protection, but Regulus Black walks a fine line between being extra and intense paranoia.

 

Eventually, he's sitting in his tent, which he has glamourised on a ridiculous scale which likely surprises no one.

 

From the outside, the tent is only 1 metre high and wide and two metres long.

 

The inside is easily comparable to a palace.

 

The tent has six rooms: a bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchen with a dining table, a sitting room, a library/study room and a dungeon/torture chamber. He doesn't know when it may come in handy and doesn't want to be unprepared.

 

All the rooms are painted in the same shade of creamy white with a different shade of green for a feature wall in each, except for the dungeon walls, which are dark grey stone.

 

The bathroom has a literal emerald geode as the sink, and the library is the biggest room of course, which is larger than most people's homes. There are high floor-to-ceiling windows in the sitting room, which allow Regulus to look out, although obviously nobody can see in, and there's even a warded section of the library with a workspace and ingredients cupboard for potion making and experimenting. Naturally, the bedroom ceiling is covered in stars.

 

He's had a long day, and setting up wards is more tiring than he'd thought, so after ensuring that the wards are still standing and that the vial in the mokeskin pouch around his neck is protected, he sits down and writes again in his journal before going to sleep.

 

 

Regulus’ journal: 4 June 1978

 

A lull of water gently erodes the shore and carries the sand away.

 

To be carried away is to flee from your problems,

 

But is to flee from your problems bravery or cowardice?

 

Some never have to decide, for there is no wave to carry them away.

 

There is simply a tsunami that leaves them buried in their troubles,

 

Suffocating from the weight of them.

 

And that is where I lay,

 

At the bottom of the ocean,

 

Drowning.

 

 

Regulus makes slow progress.

 

At school, he learnt things quickly, and what he didn't understand, he could learn from a book.

 

In his tent though, it's just him and the locket, and the more he stares at it, the more frustrated he becomes. This is a bad combination mixed with the grief of Kreacher who died, the grief of his brother who didn't but he lost anyways, and the crippling loneliness that surrounds him constantly.

 

He doesn't know why he feels lonely. He doesn't even like people.

 

It shouldn't be so hard, he's Regulus Black, he's better than everyone, so why can't he beat Voldemort?

 

He and the locket spend half their days having staring matches as Regulus tries to decipher whatever secrets it's hiding, and the locket wins every time.

 

Regulus casts every spell he knows at it, and nothing makes a dent. He doesn't know what it is; he knows where it came from, it's Slytherin's mark after all, but he doesn't know how that could help him.

 

This impasse lasts two weeks until Kreacher's voice rings in his ears from the day he appeared in the Black Library.

 

"-saying it's a family heirloom to protect –"

 

Family heirloom, family heirloom, family heirloom.

 

"Holy shit", Regulus whispers to himself, getting progressively louder. "Holy shit, holy shit, holy –"

 

A new thought abruptly cuts off his excitement, and he practically flops back down on the sofa- the Slytherin line died out centuries ago.

 

But of course, Voldemort would like to pretend that he's a descendant of the darkest wizard of all time, one of the founders of Hogwarts, an icon of society.

 

How did I never notice what a pretentious prick he is? Regulus wonders.

 

He's back to square one now. 

 

No new leads.

 

Just another staring contest he can't win, Regulus versus the locket. 

 

Regulus: 0

 

The locket: 87

 

Huffing out a great sigh of frustration, he throws the locket at the wall in a fit of rage, which hits one of the textbooks, making it fall on the floor. Regulus sighs again and goes to pick it up, his eyes flicking carelessly at the page the book has fallen open to.

 

- Genealogy of a wizard can be easily traced through magical signatures in a way that muggles are unable to replicate. Blood is the most common source of a magical signature; however, other sources include wands, familial magic, and objects enchanted by the witch or wizard whose family tree you are hoping to trace –

 

Enchanted objects.

 

Enchanted objects.

 

Regulus looks towards the locket lying innocently on the floor and reaches out with trembling hands.

 

It's covered in dark magic, Regulus has always known this, but it's not just dark magic. 

 

It's Voldemort's dark magic.

 

It's Voldemort's enchanted object.

 

Still trembling, praying for a breakthrough, praying for even the slightest chance of a lead and hoping he doesn't need to try and find enough spite within himself to stay alive after yet another disappointment, he grabs a piece of paper, lies the locket next to it and casts the spell.

 

Words appear almost immediately on the parchment in emerald green ink.

 

 

First heir of the Slytherin family line:

 

Salazar Salvatore Slytherin

31 October 934 – 2 January 1026

 

 

Most recent generations of the family line:

 

Tom Riddle Senior

14 January 1905 – 12 May 1944

 

Merope Pleione Riddle (née Gaunt)

11 May 1907 – 31 December 1926

 

Tom Marvolo Riddle

31 December 1926 –

 

 

Regulus can't help it. He laughs incredulously and leaves himself breathless.

 

He's done it.

 

Well, he hasn't found the tool to kill Voldemort yet, he doesn't know how to destroy the Horcrux after all, but he's had his first breakthrough.

 

He's learnt that Voldemort is the heir of Slytherin, despite having a different last name, and he's got both his mother's and father's family names which he can research for clues and any other potential heirlooms, and –

 

No.

 

No fucking way.

 

Regulus never realised how much hypocrisy was in the world until now. How it doesn't matter what side of the war someone is on, it doesn't matter what they're fighting for, there's no honesty, integrity or self-righteousness.

 

Because Regulus has known almost every wizarding family tree since he was six, he knows most family trees better than the actual members of it. He knows the Slytherin name, he knows the Gaunt name, but he's never heard of the name Riddle before.

 

And it's not because he's ignorant or he missed his studies.

 

Not at all.

 

It's because Voldemort, the Voldemort who is getting rid of muggles and literally murdering anyone who isn't a pureblood in the name of blood purity, is a hypocrite.

 

He's a hypocrite.

 

He's a fraud.

 

He's a fucking half-blood.

 

And that moment there, on the 25 June 1978, his seventeenth birthday, Regulus loses every ounce of faith he ever had for the cause.

 

His plan was always to sabotage Dumbledore somehow by proving to him he could be more than the Black everyone expected him to be and to pull down every piece of the mask he hides behind, but now Voldemort is on that list too.

 

How will the world react when they find out there's a half-blood with a muggle name leading the world to blood purity?

 

There's no way in hell that Regulus is joining the light side, but for the first time, he realises that that doesn't mean his only other option is to choose to remain on the dark side.

 

There's something he's never really done before, never thought of doing, never even realised was an option until now.

 

Himself.

 

He can choose himself. 

 

And so he does, officially making himself the sole member of the third side of the war.

 

"Tom Marvolo Riddle, you better watch your back", he mutters before looking at the locket like it can hear him.

 

"I'm coming for you."

 
Notes:

    Poor Reggie :((((

    Will he ever get a break? Possibly not because he's Regulus Black.

    My favourite line is "he's not thirsty anymore" and I wrote that and just thought oh poor poor Reggie :(((((((

    Also if you read through that thinking hmmm bit of a plot hole, she skipped over that real fast, all will be revealed later!! (Although there is a chance we're talking about different parts of the fic and I did entirely butcher the chapter lmao)

Chapter 7: Chapter 6: November 1980
Summary:

    JEALOUS JAMES JEALOUS JAMES JEALOUS JAMES

    BADASS REGULUS BADASS REGULUS BADASS REGULUS

Notes:

    NEW CHARACTER UNLOCKED!!!!!!!! I HOPE YOU ENJOY IT AS MUCH AS I DO!!!!!!

    Turns out I went tramping yesterday and so there was no chance of a Sunday update, but if you live in the USA then it's still Sunday for you so lucky you????

    Anyways, I do hope you like this chapter, I had a great time writing it and I know you'll like the Dumbledore hating content I give you as well xx

    Don't read the end notes before the chapter unless you want spoilers.

    Next update maybe on Friday? Definitely by the end of the week :)))

    Can't wait to hear your thoughts !!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

November 1980

 

James Potter can't stop thinking about Regulus Black.

 

They've been getting on well enough recently, today marks one week since Regulus' dramatic return, and in the past three days, he's only received two stinging hexes. 

 

He doesn't think that this is how Regulus would describe them at all, but James would almost call them tentative friends. When he tried to explain this excitement to Remus though, he had simply winced and told him not to get ahead of himself.

 

In any case, James is just trying to move on from the war and move on from Lily.

 

And he's frustrated with himself because he's been imagining places that he and his friends could go now that the war effort is over, double dates that they can all go on together, but James just can't figure out why he doesn't want Regulus there.

 

Like he wants him to come, but for some reason, the idea of Regulus being with someone fills him up with some unidentifiable feeling of uncomfortableness and anger.

 

Maybe he and the rest of his friends can bring their dates, and Regulus can just, not?

 

But why? The idea of Regulus being alone forever also makes him sad, and he doesn't know why in any capacity and in any scenario, he just can't stop thinking about him.

 

Regulus is a snarky git with extreme murderous tendencies that manifest themselves best when he's angry, and he vanished James's mouth the first time he tried to talk to him.

 

He's hostile and erratic and unpredictable and fucking terrifying, and he seems to be constantly pissed off.

 

But he had also told James that he'd given him his brother, that he knew James had looked after Sirius, and he had called him warm.

 

And James can't get it out of his head.

 

His memories should be blurred with horror and panic, he should be trying to block out the feeling of looking into the mirror and seeing his clothes saturated with blood that wasn't his. Still, all that circles through his mind on a constant loop is Regulus, delirious from blood loss but evidently not too far gone to be able to stitch himself up as he murmured those three words.

 

You're so warm.

 

And the smile that came with it.

 

Where did it come from, and why won't it leave James' head?

 

He tries to push it out of his head, he tries to forget about it, but you're so warm keeps circling around his mind.

 

Coincidentally enough, the more he thinks about it, the warmer he feels inside.

 

 

The house is quiet, the sun hasn't yet risen, and everybody is asleep.

 

Regulus is sleeping in his old childhood bedroom on the third floor, Sirius and Remus are in one of the third-floor guest bedrooms, and James is sleeping in another.

 

There's been no drama besides Regulus bleeding out and him and Sirius fighting most days, but the week has been relatively calm, all things considered.

 

This calmness is shattered the moment the wards chime, and all four residents of the house shoot up in bed, confused and panicked; no one else should be able to get through the wards. The rest of the Order of the Phoenix is still removed; Sirius hasn't gotten around to re-adding them yet since tonight's meeting is being held at Hogwarts, and with a sinking realisation, he assumes that the only remaining people on the wards would be Blacks.

 

Is it Narcissa at the door?

 

Is it Bellatrix?

 

It's neither, as it turns out, as seconds after the wards sound, so does a male voice none of the marauders recognise, accompanied by heavy, furious-sounding footsteps.

 

"Regulus Black, you no-good two-faced backstabbing traitor, fucking show yourself, you prick. I know you're here."

 

James, Sirius and Remus rush out of their rooms in panic, wands raised. They're ready to fight, especially Sirius, who isn't prepared to lose his brother so soon, and they look instinctively towards Regulus as he comes out of his room, who is smiling?

 

They've seen him smile and laugh this week, but it's not usually over anything funny. It's usually when something dark and sadistic happens or is talked about that Regulus genuinely enjoys himself.

 

They've never seen him smile like this.

 

His whole face is lit up, and it makes his eyes glow; he looks sweet, like a little kid at Christmas, and he makes his way downstairs– not rushing, a Black never rushes, but he's definitely walking fast like he wants to meet? Fight? Talk? With whoever it is.

 

"I swear to fuck if you're not coming down right now, I'll curse you until you can't breathe, you double-crossing liar–"

 

James, Sirius and Remus are unashamedly following Regulus, partly for backup if a fight breaks out and partly out of curiosity to see how he treats this, friend? They don't recognise their voice, but they don't know many of Regulus' schoolfriends. Death Eater friends. Fellow traitors. Whoever they are.

 

They see someone with light brown hair in the foyer to the entranceway, who is still yelling, they can't see his face, but he sounds angry, although Regulus hadn't seemed scared to meet him.

 

They're three flights of stairs away from each other,

 

Two flights,

 

One flight.

 

The marauders are readying themselves to see a heartfelt display of friendship, love, and emotion when the intruders' hands close around Regulus' throat.

 

Sirius gasps and rushes down the stairs faster, and they watch as the man shoves Regulus against a wall before Regulus punches him back and thumps him against the opposite wall so hard he makes a dent in the plasterboard.

 

Sirius raises his wand to curse the man away; he doesn't want to see him and his brother like this.

 

They're fighting.

 

Punching.

 

Strangling.

 

Shoving.

 

Kissing.

 

Kissing?

 

What the fuck?

 

Sirius is frozen in shock, and as James and Remus round the corner, they freeze too.

 

They're simply standing there, watching, as Regulus and the man seem to devour each other.

 

They still can't see his face, it's hidden by his hair, but he and Regulus are kissing like their lives depend on it. 

 

It's not a sweet, loving, or tender kiss but rather harsh, brutal, and bruising. It's pure desperation, the first breath after being underwater, two burning flames that collide with such force that they make fireworks.

 

It's something that they've evidently done before, and eventually, they lean back against the wall laughing breathlessly with their foreheads resting against each other, grinning.

 

"Hey Reg."

 

"Hey Barty."

 

Barty pushes Regulus towards the sitting room and closes the door behind them before kissing him again, and then he breaks away, gearing up for a fight.

 

Regulus is happy to indulge him.

 

"Three fucking years I thought you were dead", Barty shouts, shoving Regulus against the wall and pushing him with every word. "Three fucking years and now you're alive, oh fuck, you're still alive," and then they're back to kissing until it's Regulus' turn to shove Barty away.

 

"What the fuck was wrong with you in the end, Barty? I interrogated so many Death Eaters, and they said you were in Bellatrix's league. How did you get so fucking unhinged? You would've almost gotten yourself killed, you fucking, you fucker, oh fuck –"

 

And the kissing continues.

 

The fighting also continues, and at one point, Barty has Regulus pinned down on the sofa, simultaneously straddling him, berating him, and snogging him so hard that Regulus feels dizzy and lightheaded.

 

The couch shifts and a lamp shatters, and Barty is laughing against his skin while he makes love bites on his neck when the door flings open. All of the marauders' faces are poking through the door to check that no one's died, the apprehension turning into borderline disgust as they see the marks spread across Regulus and Barty's chests and their flushed cheeks and dilated pupils.

 

Barty pauses to look at who's interrupted them, but Regulus just shoves his face back into his neck, and with his other hand, he waves it at the door yelling, "out!"

 

The door slams shut, and no one bothers them again.

 

It's one hell of a reunion, all things considered, and the kissing turns into snogging, which leads to clothes on the floor and stains on the sofa, and once that's over, they're lying over one another, basking in the afterglow.

 

"No one ever fucked me like you do, Reg. These past 3 years haven't changed a thing."

 

"I'd say these past 3 years have changed an awful lot, actually", Regulus replies dryly, which causes Barty to look back up at him.

 

"I'm fucked off", he says, always upfront with his emotions. "Not only did you not tell me you regretted joining the cause we signed up for together, you made me grieve for you."

 

Regulus knows this isn't funny, but all he can reply with is, "aww did you miss me, Barty?"

 

Barty shoves him violently into the couch in response.

 

"Yes, you prick, and so did Evan. Not that you evidently stayed alive enough to care about him, but he's missing. Or, he got arrested by aurors I think, but I don't know if they'll ever let him out."

 

"Evan?" Regulus asks panicked, "What did Evan do to get caught?"

 

"Gouged out Moody's face, think he lost an eye, but couldn't really care less. I know Dumbledore ordered his –"

 

Of course it's fucking Dumbledore,  Regulus thinks. 

 

He's still the same prejudiced arsehole as always, nothing more than a charade of all that's good, an absolute abomination as a leader of the light. He could live with the rest of it, but now he's apparently got Evan. 

 

Yeah, that won't do.

 

"I can get him out", Regulus says. "I'm going to get Dumbledore to let him out –. "

 

Barty looks more furious than Regulus has ever seen him.

 

"Do not tell me you were working for Dumbledore this whole time Reg, I swear to merlin I will fucking murder you –"

 

Regulus flips them over, shoves Barty against the arm of the couch and presses on his windpipe.

 

"Don't you ever say that to me again", Regulus says back murderously. "I would never. That fucking prick owes me a favour for ending the war for him, which is the only reason I'm going to him in the first place and –"

 

"What?"

 

"Will you ever say I beg your pardon like a proper pureblood?"

 

"Reg shut the fuck up. What do you mean you ended the war?"

 

It only hits Regulus now that nobody but the Order and himself knows what he's done, and he doesn't know what secrecy vows they've sworn.

 

All of the people he interrogated were either oblivated or murdered or had their memories removed, and that's left the entire wizarding world, just, still at war? Do they even know it's over? Regulus doesn't know, but for some reason, the only way he can explain this is to laugh hysterically.

 

He's practically hyperventilating, crying with laughter, and Barty is staring at him like he's lost his mind.

 

Compared to when Barty last saw him, it probably seems like he has.

 

Eventually, he sobers enough to choke out "I killed Voldemort" before he sets himself off again.

 

He doesn't know if he'll be able to stop, and Barty doesn't seem willing to make him. Instead, he seems to curse out the heavens before looking at Regulus and saying, "I should have fucking known you'd do something like this. You never were the type to accept that you were lesser than anyone-"

 

"I'm not lesser than anyone."

 

"Oh, I didn't miss you one bit, you prick", and then they're kissing again.

 

That's the pattern they follow for the next couple of hours. One of them says something about the war, and the other either nods or lashes out in anger until they snog away the tension.

 

Yeah, it's definitely a nice reunion.

 

 

James, Sirius and Remus are sitting in the kitchen, and none of them are yet to say a word.

 

Regulus, Sirius' little brother Regulus, the psychopathic murderous war hero they thought was dead, and before that was the poster boy to purebloods throughout Britain, is also gay? For Barty Crouch? Who he just fucked on the same sofa he nearly died on a few days ago?

 

So many questions, literally no answers.

 

 

Regulus and Barty eventually leave the sitting room and go up to Regulus' bedroom, where they both shower to wash away the morning before they come downstairs into the kitchen where James, Sirius and Remus are still at the table.

 

"Fuck me", Barty says disappointedly, "I should have known they'd all survive."

 

Regulus ignores him, and Remus drops his head onto the table, muttering, "oh god, there's two of them now."

 

"There could be three tonight if Reg pulls some more strings", Barty says brightly, "wouldn't that be nice? One Gryffindor to every Slytherin, your side is all about equality after all."

 

Sirius takes a note out of Regulus' book and sends a stinging hex at him, and when Barty lifts his wand to retaliate, Regulus shoves him into the bench.

 

"Same rules apply, Barty. If you try, I'll vanish your cock."

 

"What rules?" Sirius asks at the same time Barty says, "You'd miss it too much", and he laughs even harder at the way Regulus' nose scrunches up in disgust but doesn't complete the spell.

 

"None of your fucking business", he says in response to Sirius, shooting a warning look at Barty to tell him to shut up.

 

Sirius frowns but doesn't push; he's learnt the hard way where that gets him.

 

"So, are you guys, friends?" James asks hesitantly, trying to make conversation. He doesn't know what he wants the answer to be.

 

"Exes actually", Regulus replies, ignoring Barty's raised eyebrows; this is the first time he's heard him acknowledge their old relationship after all.

 

"Ex-friends?" Sirius asks disbelievingly, "you seemed pretty damn friendly in the other room."

 

Barty and Regulus share a glance with each other and mutter "fucking Gryffindors" in perfect unison.

 

"Never pegged you for a homophobe, Black", Barty says coolly.

 

"Looks like you've pegged my brother enough, Crouch." he shoots back, and Barty just smiles, saccharinely sweet and says, "he reciprocated."

 

Sirius gags dramatically and sends another stinging hex at him.

 

 

James is in a bad mood for the rest of the day and doesn't know why.

 

He doesn't have bad days, he's a happy and optimistic person, and he doesn't know why it's today of all days.

 

It's Thursday which means there's an Order of the Phoenix meeting tonight, and even though they're usually filled with the sombre topics of war and murder, it's always a day where he can see his friends and socialise, which is something he's always been good at.

 

He's been stuck in this house for the past week. It's of his own volition, but he's here to support Sirius and to support Remus, who is also supporting Sirius as he deals with everything Regulus-related.

 

And then there's the part of James that isn't just here for Sirius; he's here for Regulus too.

 

James thought he could be a brother to Regulus, but he got rejected before he could even ask.

 

Then he thought he could be a friend, that they were making progress, but apparently this is how he treats his friends? Rough, brutal and violent. And he kisses them.

 

He doesn't want Regulus to be violent or brutal or rough with him, but he wouldn't mind if –

 

He wouldn't mind if –

 

He wouldn't –

 

Oh.

 

He wouldn't mind if Regulus kissed him.

 

It must be curiosity; he's never kissed a boy, after all. He's sure Sirius would happily offer him his lips, but he's not going to come in the way of him and Remus like that. Plus, it would be like kissing a brother.

 

Regulus and Barty had evidently snogged before, it was obvious to anyone watching, so maybe that could be a new bonding point to try with him, although he doesn't know how well "hey Regulus, can you give me advice on how to kiss boys even though you never even want to talk to me?" will go over.

 

Maybe if Barty is the only person Regulus has kissed, then he might be curious to know what it's like to kiss a different boy too.

 

A mutually beneficial research project, that's how he'll pitch it to him.

 

There's no reason why he'd decline and no reason why it wouldn't work out.

 

For some unfathomable reason that James can't figure out for the life of him, the thought of the mere prospect of kissing Regulus almost makes him forget he was having a bad day at all.

 

 

Regulus is becoming sick of being cooped up in the house, so he decides to go for a walk and drags Barty along. Sirius seems unwilling to let Regulus go out without him, especially after the Greyback incident, but eventually, Regulus tells him if he can take down Voldemort, then a walk won't kill him. Sirius reluctantly agrees, but that doesn't stop him from worrying the entire time Regulus is out.

 

Unsurprisingly, Regulus returns unharmed from his walk through muggle London and is there when the owl arrives with today's edition of The Daily Prophet.

 

He doesn't know what he's expecting to see on the front page, more war stuff, most likely, and while he's not wrong per se, he's definitely not expecting to see his own face looking back at him.

 

ASSUMED DECEASED EX-BLACK HEIR DEFEATS VOLDEMORT AND SAVES WIZARDING BRITAIN

 

Regulus is too stunned to speak, and Barty has decided the best response is to howl with laughter.

 

"What the fuck” Regulus says. "What the fuck?"

 

"Just wait until your family reads this", Barty says through his laughter. "What are the Death Eaters going to do? What's Bellatrix going to do?"

 

"Yes, thank you Barty", Regulus replies shortly before dragging him back to the sitting room, where they read it together.

 

 

ASSUMED DECEASED EX-BLACK HEIR DEFEATS VOLDEMORT AND SAVES WIZARDING BRITAIN

Written by Rita Skeeter

 

Regulus Arcturus Black, youngest son and previous heir to the Ancient and Most Noble House of Black, was declared missing in June 1978 and presumed dead in August 1978. However, he showed up at a resistance group meeting against he-who-must-not-be-named last Thursday hosted by the esteemed Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, winner of the Order of Merlin first class and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. He shocked the nation with not only his apparent survival but also the dead body of he-who-must-not-be-named by solving the puzzle behind his extreme power and apparent immortality.

 

Several resistance group members, which cannot be named for security reasons, have stated that they are excited to work with Mr Black. They are joining forces to capture the remaining Death Eaters who completed work under he-who-must-not-be-named orders and prosper as a nation as we enter a new era of our lives as our society recovers from the war.

 

Mr Black is currently residing at his family home in London, and our reporters will be visiting him during the week for an exclusive interview on his successful efforts to save wizarding Britain from the reign of terror of he-who-must-not-be-named.

 

I know I can speak for everybody when we say you are our hero.

 

Regulus Black, wizarding Britain thanks you, and we cannot wait to meet you in person and hear your personal recount of the perilous journey you have undertaken.

 

For more details on the war recovery strategy, please turn to page 7.

 

 

Regulus finishes reading the article and is simply staring at the page in stunned silence while Barty is crying with laughter next to him.

 

"What the fuck?" he whispers to himself, "what the fuck?"

 

"You're my hero", Barty tries to choke out, but he's really laughing too hard to be able to talk at all.

 

"What the fuck” Regulus repeats, blinking helplessly at the page before he gets over his shock and keeps speaking.

 

"I'm going to murder Dumbledore one day," he says firmly, no joking in his tone. "I'm going to kill him, and I'm going to enjoy it because he is ruining my life. The Order being excited to work with me? Me giving an interview to the fucking prophet? I am genuinely going to murder him."

 

"I'll come with", Barty replies chirpily, "it'll be just like old times. You, me and Evan, if you get him out, murdering and causing destruction on our evenings off."

 

It's really not funny, but Regulus can't help smiling slightly and letting out a huff of laughter before a thought occurs to him.

 

"Hang on," he says, frowning at Barty. "How did you even know I was alive if this was the first published article? I doubt you're friends with any of the Order –"

 

"My mark disappeared", Barty replies, staring at him in an uncharacteristically serious manner. "My mark disappeared, and my two options were that the Dark Lord has decided to release us from a lifetime of servitude, or someone else has figured out how to reverse engineer it to disappear. You're the only one who could have been smart enough to manage it."

 

"And the fact that I'd been dead for two and a half years wasn't a flaw in this idea?" Regulus asks in disbelief. "You really thought that the only option was that I'd faked my death and had been hiding out and doing whatever traitorous things you thought I was doing?"

 

"Yes", Barty says simply before gesturing at Regulus and raising his eyebrows, "and was I wrong?"

 

Regulus purses his lips but says nothing in response which makes Barty smirk triumphantly.

 

"So did you remove everyone's, or am I just special?" he asks.

 

Regulus rolls his eyes, "just you, me and Evan, the others can crash and burn for all I care."

 

"So you do care about me", Barty sings. "Do you looove me –"

 

Regulus throws the lamp they didn't break while having sex at his head which unfortunately misses and shatters to pieces on the floor.

 

James comes in the door shortly after, assumably having heard the glass, and when Regulus looks up, he's surprised to see the usually ridiculously happy James Potter, glaring at them?

 

He doesn't know what he's done to make him angry, but he's assuming there's a reason, not that he really cares to know what it is. He's not like Regulus where glaring is his natural facial expression; it looks strange on Potter like it doesn't belong, but what's the reason?

 

Oh, it better not be –

 

"Do not tell me you're glaring at us because you're homophobic", Regulus says, glaring right back at James and raising his wand in a silent threat, and relishing in the way Potter takes a literal step back, his eyes widening in shock.

 

"No", he replies, genuinely horrified. "No, I'm not a – I'm, no, it's not that. I'm literally pan, I do not have a problem with that, I promise, I, no."

 

"Ah, an equal opportunities kind of bloke, I'm the same", Barty says, nodding once in approval before smirking menacingly. "You know Potter, you've still got that fit quidditch body I remember from school, so –"

 

The rest of his sentence is cut off as Regulus elbows him in the ribs so hard his forced exhale of breath is heard by all of them.

 

"I'm sure you're lovely, Crouch, truly, but I just don't think –"and then James also doesn't finish his sentence as Barty bursts into laughter.

 

"I'm sorry, was that a joke?" James asks, frowning.

 

"No", Barty says at the same time Regulus firmly says "yes," and then they seem to have a glaring match with one another.

 

"C'mon Reg, I'm not being a very equal opportunities bloke if I'm not giving everybody an equal opportunity to shag me", Barty protests.

 

"Why would I care?" Regulus replies bluntly.

 

"Look, I'm sure you got plenty of dick throughout the war, which is good for you, especially because I did the same, but I'm not going to settle down with you yet."

 

"I'm not going to settle down with you at all", Regulus says appalled. "Plus, who would I have slept with in the war when one side I was betraying and the other side wanted me dead. Neither scenarios are particularly erotic, would you believe."

 

"I bet we could have made it work –" Barty begins grinning, and Regulus shoves him off the couch before walking out of the room.

 

"No need for jealousy, Barty", he calls over his shoulder, "you're still my one and only."

 

I want to be your second and only,  James thinks before his eyes widen in alarm. Where do these thoughts keep coming from?

 

Unbeknownst to him, who is watching Regulus go with a strange sense of longing, Barty has a knowing smile on the floor as he looks at James.

 

Oh, I can have fun with this…

 

 

They're having dinner in the kitchen, all five of them, which makes for a very strange group however you describe their demographics. Three Gryffindors and two Slytherins. Three members of the Order, a traitor and a Death Eater. A pureblood, two soon-to-be-disowned-if-they're-not-already Blacks, a half-blood werewolf and the son of a politician.

 

Remus cooked the meal, simple spaghetti bolognese because Sirius and James would have burnt the house down, Regulus either would have done the same out of spite or only cooked for himself, and he had a slight suspicion Barty would have poisoned them for being Gryffindor's.

 

So, Remus cooked the meal, and now they're sitting around the table, eating their pasta and trying to find conversation topics that last longer than one simple question and answer.

 

Surprisingly, but also not, Barty is the one who breaks the ice. He was only talking to Regulus really, but it was a topic that everyone could participate in.

 

"So Reg, is your brother still the same stupid prick he was at school?"

 

"Hey!" from Sirius

 

"No", from James

 

"Yes", from Remus.

 

An amused smirk from Regulus, and then "he was worried I was going to die on Sunday," which Barty laughs at?

 

James, Sirius, and Remus are all missing the joke if there is one.

 

"You would never die in winter", Barty says, still laughing.

 

"That's what I said!"

 

"Hang on, why won't he die in winter?" Remus asks confusedly, to which Barty simply replies, "Oh, Reg hates winter, so he just refuses to die in the season on principle."

 

"That's not how it works", Remus counters, but Barty is unswayed.

 

"If you don't think Reg would keep himself alive until one second past midnight on the first of march just so he can say he didn't die in Winter in the afterlife, then you clearly don't know him at all."

 

He smiles sweetly at James as he says this, which makes Regulus narrow his eyes in suspicion, and James clench his hand tighter around his fork, annoyed for another unknown reason.

 

"So, are you going to, uh, stay the night?" Remus asks Barty, who simply smiles at Sirius who is staring him down in silence.

 

"Yeah, I'll bunk in with old Reg over here –"

 

"Like hell you will –"

 

"You can lie to yourself, but you can't lie to your wards, Reg", Barty sings, pleased to have won another argument, and James takes it upon himself to talk next.

 

"Why do you get to go into his room, but I can't?" he asks, trying not to sound petulant. "I thought they were blood wards."

 

"Yeah, me too", says Sirius frowning, "but I've known our family tree since I was four, and you're not on it."

 

"They're sentient wards", Barty says, ignoring Regulus' facial expressions, which are telling him to shut up. "He invented them in fourth year and probably developed them over the war. They're all about intent and play off his emotions."

 

Twin expressions of confusion are shared by James and Sirius, but Remus seems to understand and be reluctantly impressed.

 

"Don't you fucking dare, Barty –" Regulus begins, but Barty simply gives him a smug smile, pushes his hand away, which is trying to cover Barty's mouth and keeps talking. 

 

"They play off his emotions like I said, so it's about wants, what he wants, as in does he want you in the room. If the answer's yes, you'll be let in, and you'll be allowed entry until he truly changes his mind. He can't control it; it's subconscious desire, after all."

 

He's clearly said his piece, successfully ruined a bit of Regulus' heartless and emotionless image, who glares at him and says, "you're not making it through the wards tonight."

 

Barty just smiles, unperturbed.

 

"Whatever you say, darling."

 

James grips his fork even tighter.

 

Barty smiles again.

 

 

Sirius checks the time on the clock above the mantelpiece and sees that it's coming up to seven thirty; nearly time for the weekly Order meeting to start.

 

It's at Hogwarts this week; he assumes it's partly as a courtesy to Regulus and partly because everyone's afraid to come back to Grimmauld with him, and he hopes he's not going to get hexed as he voices his next question.

 

"Reggie, we got an Order meeting tonight, and Dumbledore wants to know if you'll –"

 

"Oh, I'll be there alright", he replies instantly, a threatening undertone coming through in his voice that Sirius just decides not to unpack.

 

"Okay", he replies slowly, "well, it starts soon, so if you're coming then we've got to leave soon. I think Dumbledore wants to hear your side of the story, so if you have anything –"

 

"I couldn't give a shit about what Dumbledore wants", Regulus interrupts. "I'm going for one reason only, and unless anything else presents itself as a reason to stay, then I will be leaving after I've got what I wanted."

 

"Do I want to know what you want?" Sirius asks suspiciously.

 

Regulus smiles blandly and says, "you'll find out soon enough."

 

"What about me?" Barty asks, almost pouting, "are you really going to leave me here alone?"

 

"I left you for three years, a few hours is nothing", Regulus says dismissively, which makes the marauders wince, but Barty appears amused.

 

"Maybe I'll have a snoop around the house, find a few cursed objects to send off –"

 

"I will tie you to the chair you're in."

 

"I do so love it when you tie me up –"

 

"Oh, for fucks sake."

 

 

They're going to take the floo into Professor McGonagall's office, and the others all step back and gesture to let Regulus go first, assuming that's what he wants. Instead, he just looks at Sirius until he gets the message and goes before him.

 

James and Remus assume he wants Sirius to get hexed first if there turns out to be an enemy in the room.

 

Regulus represses every part of his brain that doesn't want to be alone at Hogwarts without his brother; he's never done it before and never really wants to.

 

Professor McGonagall is there to meet them all and direct them to the staffroom, an amused look crossing her face as she sees the marauders who call her Minnie and chat and try to fist bump her to no avail. Even though Regulus is making no moves to be polite and probably gives off extremely hostile and unfriendly vibes, she still nods at him and says, "Mr Black, It's good to see you again."

 

It doesn't sound like she's joking, but Regulus doesn't know why she'd be telling the truth, so he bluntly says, "you don't need to lie to make me feel better, Professor," before walking out of the office.

 

He hears Sirius muttering quick apologies before rushing after him, and of course James and Remus follow in their wake.

 

More and more portraits recognise him as he walks down the corridor, and the whispers follow him with every step he takes.

 

"I will burn every single portrait in this hall if you don't stop talking", he threatens, and this returns the corridor to stunned but blissful silence.

 

"Reggie!" Sirius hisses at him, who simply raises a single eyebrow in response which makes Sirius huff in frustration but leave him alone.

 

It's roughly 7.25pm, the Order meeting is about to start, but people are still talking and chatting amongst themselves.

 

Excited waves and smiles are given as the marauders walk in, and when Regulus walks in behind them, the room cuts instantly into silence.

 

"Great, you're all quiet. Now you can fucking listen to me", Regulus says without preamble. He's still fuming about the article, and they're all about to know it. 

 

"First of all, what was that article I read in the prophet? I am not working with you, I am not your hero, and I am not going to give an exclusive interview with the prophet. So, who came up with those lies and more importantly, who the fuck do you think is going to believe them?"

 

An auror whose name he doesn't know stands up and says, "look Black, this group is a cooperative. If you're not going to be civil and participate, then you can leave; nobody is stopping you."

 

"Now why would I do that?" Regulus asks lightly. "I thought you were all so excited to work with me, that's what the Prophet article said, after all."

 

The auror narrows their eyes but doesn't comment further, having noticed the corner he's been backed into.

 

Unfortunately, Dumbledore does as he says, "Mr Black, might I enquire as to why you are here if it is not to work with us?"

 

"Oh, I'm so glad you asked", Regulus says sardonically before he looks resolutely at Dumbledore.

 

"I want something, and you're going to give it to me. Call it a token of appreciation, a war prize, whatever you like, but you're going to give it to me."

 

"And what might you want, dear boy?" Dumbledore asks kindly, even as everybody feels the tension growing exponentially between the two.

 

"It's not about what I want; it's about what you're going to do", Regulus says firmly. "And you're going to let Evan Rosier go from Azkaban and clear him of all charges."

 

Whispers break out at this, but both Regulus and Dumbledore ignore them.

 

"I'm afraid I can't do that, my boy," Dumbledore says gravely, like it's a great cost to him. "He was an asset to Voldemort and to many brutal attacks to both wizarding and muggle populations."

 

"He wasn't an asset to anything", Regulus argues back, knowing full well he's lying through his teeth.

 

"He was an asset to getting rid of my eye", Moody barks out, to which Regulus flatly responds, "If he hadn't done it, I would have." 

 

He looks back at Dumbledore, but Moody clearly isn't done.

 

"Death Eaters belong to rot in that prison, as do you, boy."

 

Regulus sighs and raises his eyebrow, "yeah, I destroyed 6 horcruxes and killed Voldemort because I was such a good Death Eater, wasn't I?

 

"The mark on your arm condemns you."

 

"Oh, this one?" Regulus asks, smiling wickedly, and he rolls his sleeve up to show his scarred and bruised but obviously Dark-Mark-free forearm.

 

"As you can see, I don't have one, and neither does Evan Rosier."

 

"So the Dark Marks got removed when Voldemort died?" Dumbledore interjects, looking interested.

 

"No, we never got them at all", Regulus lies. "If you look at Severus here, he still has his though," and he savours the way Snape's eyes turn on him and glower.

 

They got their Dark Marks at the same initiation.

 

Regulus ignores him and continues, looking at Dumbledore. "You're going to get Evan Rosier out of Azkaban and be grateful that I don't begin a full ministry inquiry, not only as to why he got thrown in there when he is obviously innocent, but also why the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot let it happen without a trial. And you know I'll win.

 

I'm going to be at Azkaban at 8am tomorrow, and there will be an auror who will let me in and show me to Evan Rosier's cell, where he will be released and cleared of all charges. Otherwise, I will walk into the Ministry of Magic and find every reporter there who will publish the true account of the war and who I am now working with, which is absolutely no one. 

 

And piece by piece, I will tear apart every last aspect of the charade you hide behind and expose you for the person you really are. I destroyed Voldemort, and I can just as easily destroy you by bringing down everything you have worked for and everything you have worked to hide. And we both know what I'm talking about, don't we? 

 

So what will it be?" Regulus finishes coolly.

 

"Is that a threat, Mr Black?" Dumbledore asks, seemingly unphased, but there's a storm brewing in his eyes that his clouds of happiness can't entirely hide.

 

"Not at all", Regulus says, smiling politely, before his body language shuts down, no trace of warmth to be found anywhere in him as he enunciates clearly,

 

"It's a promise."

 

It turns into a staring contest. Neither of them are using leglimency, they both know the other would be able to block it, and eventually, Dumbledore concedes.

 

That's right,  Regulus thinks.

 

"Shacklebolt will be there to release Mr Rosier as requested, Mr Black. Might I suggest myself coming with you to ward off the dementors?"

 

"What so you can push me inside a cell and throw away the key?" Regulus asks derisively, "I don't think so. Plus, if you ever stopped being such a prejudiced bastard," Regulus continues furiously, ignoring the shocked looks from around the room, "you would know that just because you never gave the Slytherins patronus lessons at school because you thought we from too dark of a family to be able to cast such a light spell, it doesn't mean some of us didn't learn it on our own."

 

Various glances are shared by the mostly Gryffindor members of the Order of the Phoenix, and the few Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws look a mixture of displeased and chastised. Snape is the only Slytherin in the room, besides Regulus of course, and he just looks like he'd like to disappear.

 

"Oh, I'm so sorry to have surprised you", Regulus continues, enjoying the damage to Dumbledore's reputation that he's leaving behind him. "I suppose being able to cast a patronus isn't very Death-Eater-like of me, would you prefer I come in my mask and robes next time to make you feel more comfortable?"

 

And enjoying the silence that follows the question, Regulus sits down with a smug smile on his face.

 

He thinks he's reached his peak of the night; however, a question about thirty minutes later sends an immense sense of vindicative pleasure.

 

Dumbledore is going through the missing people list and says, "Fenrir Greyback's disappearance has been reported, along with twenty-eight members of his pack left dead around a pile of bones presumed to be Greyback's."

 

Three shocked glances flit to Regulus. 29 kills in one day, and all he got were 10 scratches? They were deep, of course, and had the potential to be deadly, but they were easy enough to fix with the right spells and medication and then he'd been up again the same afternoon. 

 

Most people can't even cast one killing curse successfully. Even the most experienced dark wizards should have been prone to magical exhaustion after five, vulnerable to collapse after ten.

 

28 plus whatever transfiguration spells Regulus had cast on the rocks on top of literally bleeding out should have been impossible, but that sort of seems to be his new thing.

 

Making the impossible possible.

 

Dumbledore is still talking, "Does anybody have any information on this? If it was a Death Eater attack, then we need to proceed with caution if they are turning on their own side. However, if it was members of the Order, we will rule it as self-defence."

 

That prejudiced motherfucker,  Regulus thinks, before casually saying, "And if it was me?"

 

He's bold and calm and looks every bit as powerful as he did last Thursday when he dragged Voldemort's corpse through the door.

 

Dumbledore looks towards Regulus, and his eyes seem to narrow, which makes Regulus smile.

 

Good. You should know you can't control me.

 

"Who would you have worked with if it were to be you who did this?" Dumbledore asks hypothetically, even though everybody knows there's nothing hypothetical about it.

 

"I don't need a babysitter", is all Regulus scoffs in response.

 

"Nobody can cast that many killing curses in a row, bar perhaps Voldemort himself", Dumbledore counters, but Regulus is winning this fight.

 

"Evidently, I can, given the situation. You affirmed that I killed Voldemort last week, and funnily enough, I don't actually want to bring him back from the dead."

 

"So you admit that you murdered 29 people? That's life in Azkaban at best, Mr Black."

 

"What happened to ruling it as self-defence?" Regulus taunts, but Dumbledore simply repeats, "do you admit it?"

 

Dumbledore looks pleased, like he can finally get rid of Regulus once and for all, and Moody seems to be vibrating with something near to excitement with the prospect of locking away another Death Eater.

 

Regulus ruins their plans quite nicely.

 

"Oh, not at all", he says smiling, "it was accidental magic."

 

"My arse it was", Sirius mutters as Regulus continues.

 

"Accidental magic is not a punishable offence by law, especially if one was provoked and attacked, which I was. Looks like that won't hold up in the court," before he looks condescendingly at Dumbledore and continues haughtily, "and you're supposed to be Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. How embarrassing." 

 

Sirius elbows him hard in the ribs and glares at him, clearly asking what the fuck was that? But Regulus just smiles at him, looking far too pleased with himself.

 

Dumbledore looks like he's swallowed a lemon, but he figures the best option is to move on and hope that Regulus doesn't speak up again.

 

The meeting drags on for another hour, however, Regulus doesn't want to leave incase he misses any new information, and then when it's over, Sirius tries to drag him along to talk with his friends. 

 

Regulus isn't having a bar of it.

 

"Come on Reggie, come meet my friends –"

 

"Sirius, I will set this place on fire if you don't let me go right now –"

 

"Fuck, you could have just said no."

 

"Why would I do that when I could watch this place burn instead."

 

"Chill the fuck out, alright? Go home then, don't burn either place down, and I'll see you later."

 

"I don't need you to tuck me in", is all Regulus replies before he walks over towards the doors.

 

Conversations die down, and everybody watches as he goes and carelessly throws over his shoulder, "8am tomorrow, or I'll prove to you next Thursday just how many killing curses I can cast in a row."  

 

He turns around as he reaches the doorway and gets out one more sentence before disappearing down the corridor.

 

"And Dumbledore," he says, without an ounce of humour in his tone,

 

"I'll start with you."

 

 
Notes:

    I LOVE BARTY WITH ALL MY HEART, AND BLISFULLY OBLIVIOUS YET DEATHLY JEALOUS JAMES.

    And Evan has been mentioned even if he hasn't made it into the story yet (the post-prologue story).

    Jegulus has begun even if neither of them know it yet!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I could talk about this chapter for dayyyyyyyyys!!!!

Chapter 8: Chapter 7: July 1978 - August 1978
Summary:

    Morals? We don't do those here...

Notes:

    New chapter!!!

    A good thing about me is I have the most awful time estimation skills, so I said you'll get this between Friday and Sunday but here it is on Wednesday night!

    Good news part 2- I've already written chapter 8 as well so I'll edit it and post it tomorrow, I'm assuming around middayish which probably doesn't mean much to any of you because we're probably in different timezones.

    So I don't get fined by the governement or anything, the big passage in italics is from Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince by J.K.Rowling.

    Hope you enjoy the chapter, on the one hand, it's possibly underwhelming given how good chapter 6 was, but on the other hand it is also iconic in its own right. You will LOVE the Regulus content which is the entire chapter, but hey.

    Anyways, can't wait to hear your thoughts and I'll be back tomorrow!!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

July - August 1978

 

The thrill of finding out Voldemort's true name dulls as July comes around, and Regulus isn't finding any new leads.

 

He has Voldemort's name, his parents and his entire family line. He has a locket resistant to literally every spell he can think of. He has his wand and his tent.

 

And that's it.

 

Nothing else, no one else.

 

Just Regulus and his inadequate amount of knowledge

 

He's been spending his days researching endlessly, looking for theories to follow while repressing his emotions, and when that becomes too hard, he carefully brings the memory vial out of his mokeskin pouch around his neck and stares at it, cradling it gently and trying to ground himself.

 

"Even when I forget this, make sure that you don't."

 

Regulus almost feels proud of himself, like he's finally on track to accomplish something, and it feels too good to be true, but it's not. Because he can do it. He can afford to have his hopes up because he knows he can achieve this.

 

End the locket and then end Voldemort.

 

It sounds simple, but it's not like it can get any harder.

 

One spell to end the locket, another to kill Voldemort, and that's it.

 

That's it.

 

And Regulus knows he can do it.

 

 

He's ventured out into muggle towns to buy groceries which he finds to be much more complicated than it needs to be. Sometimes though, when his social battery is drained from all the people he doesn't even socialise with in the first place, he puts a strong disillusionment charm on himself and follows people into their homes, where he raids their kitchens for food. He has to eat after all, and sometimes he just can't be bothered to go into a supermarket and deal with all of the insufferable muggles.

 

He visits a small wizarding town in Eastern Scotland in mid-July, where he flicks through the recent editions of the Daily Prophet and finds his own face staring back at him.

 

BLACK HEIR REPORTED MISSING.

 

The only emotion he'd had in response to this was a pleased sense of satisfaction that his wards were clearly working and that he'd successfully fooled both sides with his disappearance. 

 

The light obviously believe he's missing, hence the Prophet article, and if Voldemort thought that he was still alive, he would have killed him by now, so he's been deceived too.

 

"Keep believing that", Regulus thinks spitefully . "No one ever expects to receive a visit from a ghost."

 

 

Regulus’ current plan is to find out where Tom Riddle could have learnt about Horcruxes in the first place, let alone how to make them.

 

If the Black Family Library only has two paragraphs about them, then the Hogwarts library will have a sentence at best. In Tom Riddle’s case, this wouldn’t have helped him with the rituals involved and the magical intent required, and in Regulus’ case, there would have been nothing on how to destroy them.

 

So where would Voldemort have learnt about them?

 

Maybe a Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher? Except they changed every year, and they were all firm believers of defence against the Dark Arts, not the Dark Arts themselves.

 

Professor Dumbledore definitely wouldn't know, and if he did, he wouldn't have told Tom Riddle. He hates Slytherins too much to give them advice like that, and Headmaster Dippet, the Headmaster during Tom Riddle's time, was a Hufflepuff. While he was evidently intelligent enough to lead a school, he definitely wouldn't have heard about horcruxes, let alone researched them.

 

Who else Regulus, think.

 

Not Professor McGonagall.

 

Not Professor Flitwick.

 

Not Professor –

 

Professor Slughorn.

 

He likes to be liked.

 

And he's a Slytherin.

 

And being a Slytherin means he's seen decades worth of the Dark Arts. He's bragged about how he's friends with Lucius Malfoy and Regulus' parents, so he's definitely had the exposure.

 

And it seems like Tom Riddle figured that out first.

 

It's not a promise, but there's a chance of a lead, so Regulus uses a dubiously legal mix of dark and blood magic to track Slughorn down, and upon finding him in a cottage in the English Midlands near Grantham, Regulus disapparates.

 

 

His first thought is a deep sentiment of scathing disgust.

 

Slughorn prides himself on being a well-off, friendly pureblood and is always bragging about the dinner parties that he hosts at his manor, but the house Regulus has landed outside is a genuine monstrosity.

 

It's ugly and falling apart, there's no sense of style, and the wood is local and cheap and clearly not imported from Switzerland. 

 

It takes every part of Regulus' self-control not to burn it.

 

He has more important things to do than commit arson, so he breaks through the disappointingly easy wards and enters the door.

 

The front door opens into a small hallway and at the end of it is a combined kitchen and living area where Slughorn is sitting in a big blue armchair. He's watching television which is one of the few muggle inventions that Regulus is familiar with and doesn't hate, and he whips around when he hears someone behind him and nearly falls out of his chair when he sees it's Regulus.

 

"Regulus Black", he exclaims in shock. "Mr Black, the whole world believes you to be missing. Where have you been? Everybody is frantic –"

 

A long pause, and then, "Regulus Black, how did you get into my house?"

 

"Irrelevant", Regulus says dismissively before casting a wordless incarcerous which binds Slughorn to his chair, keeping his wand out of his reach on the coffee table that he's glancing at desperately.

 

"Are you here to kill me, Regulus Black?" he asks frantically. 

 

He's frightened, trembling –

 

How embarrassingly weak.

 

"I'm not here to kill you," Regulus says, forcing himself not to roll his eyes. "I'm here to find out what you told Tom Riddle about horcruxes."

 

Slughorn's already pale face turns grey, and his mouth drops open in horror.

 

Perfect, Regulus thinks. I'm finally getting somewhere.

 

Slughorn's mouth is opening and closing like a fish out of water until he eventually stammers, "I, I don't, Regulus Black, you are mistaken. I don't know what that word is."

 

"Try again", Regulus says, bored. "The more I lose my patience, the more you'll lose your fingers."

 

"You wouldn't", Slughorn says, aghast, to which Regulus simply breaks both his thumbs with a simple wave of his wand and clearly enunciates, "try again."

 

"I don't –" Slughorn begins until another shout of pain cuts off his sentence, and both his index fingers are broken.

 

"Try again, or it'll be more than just a break", Regulus warns, which makes Slughorn burst out panicked, "He asked me about them, but I'd never heard of them so –"

 

Another scream, much louder this time, and Slughorn’s left thumb rolls across the ground dripping blood everywhere.

 

"Regulus Black, you can't assault your professors. There are laws –"

 

"I'm no longer your student, and you're no longer my Professor. Now, will you answer my question, or will I be removing the fingers on your wand hand next?"

 

Slughorn is still hesitating, which makes Regulus know that whatever secret he's hiding, it's big.

 

He's waiting,

 

Waiting,

 

Waiting, 

 

"I'm out of patience", and Slughorn braces himself to be fingerless for life, but Regulus just stands directly in front of him and says, "leglimens."

 

He's never used this spell before, but his mother used it on him almost weekly when he was growing up. Despite being unwanted, it was never a problem until he was fourteen, realised he was gay and had to hide his feelings for Barty. If she found out his secret, she would have crucioed him until he couldn't breathe and then cast imperio to make sure he didn't bend from the mould of being a Black heir.

 

If she saw him now and all of the treachery against his own side, against their side, he's certain she'd use the third unforgivable on him, but he can't blame her really.

 

Sometimes when he wakes up, he wants to use the third unforgivable on himself too.

 

For now though, he's got to focus on Slughorn.

 

His memories are a muddled wreck, neither organised nor repressed in the way Regulus' are.

 

He also doesn't have any occlumency shields, and Regulus dives in with ease, remembering how his mother used to discard all the surface memories and dig deep through the middle layer of memories so that she could find out what secrets he was trying to keep.

 

Regulus uses the same strategy.

 

He finds a lot of good blackmail material that he wasn't planning to find, although Slughorn is definitely the person he would expect to have all of this.

 

Rodopholus Lestrange is sleeping with Bellatrix now that her husband Rabastan is dead.

 

Jasper Mulciber gave a "donation" of 500 thousand galleons to the school so that his son wouldn't be expelled for being a bully, a Death Eater, and an awful human being that nobody wanted around in the first place.

 

Amycus Carrow hates her sister and tries to kill her at every opportunity.

 

While slightly interesting, Regulus ignores it all and keeps diving through memories.

 

There's some of an ex-wife, he assumes, some of Slughorn crying to a bottle of whiskey, which is just embarrassing and then –

 

There it is.

 

There he is.

 

Professor Slughorn and Tom Riddle.

 

The Tom Riddle that Regulus knows has red eyes instead of green and is taller, broader and much more intimidating, but he's still instantly recognisable at 16, the same way he is at 51.

 

On the armchair, Slughorn is writhing frantically, trying to break eye contact, trying to push him out, but Regulus is getting answers through whatever means necessary, morals be damned.

 

He ignores Slughorn and focuses on the memory.

 

I was in the library the other day, in the restricted section, and I read something rather odd about a bit of rare magic. It's called, as I understand it… Horcruxes.

 

Regulus sucks in a sharp breath of excitement; he's finally getting somewhere.

 

I beg your pardon?

 

Horcruxes. I came across the term while reading, and I didn't fully understand it.

 

That makes two of us Tom Riddle, Regulus thinks, but clearly Slughorn has answers.

 

I'm not sure what you were reading, Tom, but this is very dark stuff. Very dark stuff indeed.

 

Which is why I came to you.

 

A horcrux is an object in which a person has concealed part of their soul.

 

But I don't understand how that works, Sir.

 

Hurry up and tell me how to destroy it.

 

One splits one's soul and hides a part of it in an object. By doing so, you are protected should you be attacked and your body destroyed.

 

Protected?

 

That part of your soul that is hidden lives on. In other words, you cannot die.

 

And how does one split his soul, Sir?

 

You already know you prick, now tell me something interesting.

 

I think you already know the answer to that, Tom.

 

Murder.

 

Yes. Killing rips the soul apart. It's a violation against nature.

 

Regulus ignores that point about murder ripping the soul apart and realises the memory is fading. Now for how to destroy it, this is it, this is –

 

Can you only split the soul once? For instance, isn't seven…

 

The rest of the memory fades away as Regulus remains stuck on the one thing he never considered.

 

Multiple horcruxes.

 

No.

 

No, no, no.

 

Wake up, he thinks desperately. Please let this be a dream, just wake up.

 

He dazedly pulls his mind out of Slughorn's and mutters, "shit, shit, fuck, shit, shit, SHIT."

 

Slughorn is crying from the brutal mental invasion while simultaneously looking terrified with what Regulus knows and pale from the blood loss, but Regulus really doesn't care.

 

He wants to return to his tent and have a crisis in peace, so before Slughorn can do anything, he casts a strong oblivate and cancels the binds around his body.

 

Slughorn's eyes glaze over and he slumps back into the chair, and Regulus is still so affected by the shock of knowing there are most probably multiple horcruxes, he doesn't even burn the house down on his way out.

 

Instead, he disapparates to a new meadow near the south coast of England, casts 33 different wards around his tent and then he lies down on his bed and doesn't get up until his crisis is over.

 

No, sulking and being dramatic won't win him the war, but it does make him feel better, and he's much more likely to do better work with a clear head, so he allows himself to indulge in his misery.

 

The following day, he pushes every feeling of upset and disappointment into the back of his mind and starts the next part of the horcrux hunt with a brand-new but desperately unwanted perspective.

 

 

So apparently there are another six horcruxes out there, assuming Voldemort has made himself a full set.

 

Literally, where does Regulus begin?

 

Voldemort won't have told any of his Death Eaters what he had made and what they were, Regulus knows that.

 

He and Voldemort have many parallels that he is unwilling to look into too deeply, and he knows that he wouldn't have told his followers what they were either.

 

He wouldn't have made horcruxes in the first place though, because he's not so arrogant that he believes he's invincible. He's simply confident in his abilities and unhealthily apathetic to the prospect of dying, although the incident in the cave made him intimately acquainted with his lack of invincibility, and he does not need another reminder.

 

A safe lead to follow is a Hufflepuff, Regulus decides. They're too nice for their own good and are less likely to imprison him like a Gryffindor or kill him like a Slytherin.

 

So, a few days after his crisis about the possibility of multiple horcruxes, Regulus goes to meet the Headmaster of Tom Riddle's Hogwarts era, Armando Dippet.

 

There's no way that Regulus will be able to get into Hogwarts undetected to read Tom Riddles's file, but maybe Dippet can give him an insight as to who he was, where he grew up and what he was like at school? He assumes he lived with his father; his mother died on the day he was born, and his father died when he was seventeen, so he probably stayed with his father until he was of age and he died and then moved out and started unfurling his plans for world domination?

 

Regulus really doesn't know, but he thinks that there could be some good clues if he finds the right answers, so after using some more dubiously legal magic, he finds ex-Headmaster Dippet and disapparates.

 

The wards on his house are once again easy to break through, he only used 5 layers, and none of them would have even made him bleed if he was unsuccessful.

 

Dippet really is a Hufflepuff, after all.

 

The only problem is that there are four people in the house, perhaps his wife and children? Regulus has no idea, but he doesn't want a chance of somebody recognising him and calling aurors before he can get an answer and oblivate them. So, he simply adjusts his appearance to have blond hair, a rounder face and darker eyes before walking up to the front door and politely knocking.

 

Luckily, ex-Headmaster Dippet opens the door, and his face shows his confusion as he sees a teenage boy standing on his doorstep.

 

"Hello there, I didn't realise I was having any visitors today," he says slowly, but not suspiciously.

 

"Hello, Mr Dippet, I know this may seem strange, but I was hoping we could talk," Regulus replies smoothly.

 

"About what? Why have you come here?" The suspicion is now starting to seep through, but not enough for him to do anything. If Regulus was in his position, he'd already be stunned, bound and tortured for answers.

 

Regulus debates what to say and then realises that perhaps honesty is the best approach; if that doesn't work, there's always torture.

 

"I was hoping you could talk to me about Tom Riddle."

 

Dippet's face blanches, and Regulus feels another sense of vindicative pleasure flow through him.

 

Another lead?

 

"You should stay far away from that man, boy", he says seriously. "I don't know where you got that name from, but it will be in your best interest to forget it. I mean that."

 

"Please," Regulus says, trying to remember what the Hufflepuffs were like at school and how he can manipulate him. 

 

"I know what he was like at school, you see", he begins earnestly, trying to appeal to Dippet's emotions. "I know his name, and I know that he only had a father, and he's just killed my mother so now I feel like him. It's just me and my father living alone together, just like Tom Riddle, and I was hoping to find out more about him because I'm just so scared that we're going to be similar and I'm going to turn out like him! Please tell me something about him, so I don't have to worry," he finishes, forcing tears to well up in his eyes, and he sees Dippet's face visibly soften.

 

How thick are you to fall for that? Regulus thinks derisively, but if manipulating the weak is what gets him answers, then that's what he'll do.

 

"You've got nothing to worry about, son", Dippet begins smiling reassuringly. "There's already a huge difference between you and Tom Riddle; you grew up with your parents, and now you still have your dad. Tom Riddle grew up in an orphanage, so he never knew his parents at all, okay? Your father will continue to look out for you, there's nothing to worry about."

 

"What orphanage?" Regulus blurts out, forgetting his charade slightly in his shock at the new information. "I mean," he amends, faking a tremble in his voice, "it's not near London, is it? I don't want my dad to send me there, but that's where I live."

 

"You've come a long way to find me, then", Dippet replies frowning. "It was in London a long time ago, but it doesn't exist anymore. He used to go back there every summer; I don't know if he liked it too much, he used to ask Dumbledore to stay at Hogwarts during the break, which is an option for students who aren't safe at home, but Dumbledore said he didn't meet the criteria. They were just muggles helping out orphans after all, they were good people, but he turned into an evil wizard. You've got nothing to worry about, son."

 

Regulus thinks if being a traitor doesn't work out for him, he could definitely manage a career in acting.

 

"Why didn't his dad raise him?" he asks. He knows he's probably acting suspiciously, but he's getting so many more answers than he had anticipated, and he doesn't want it to stop.

 

"I think that's probably private –"

 

"Please", Regulus begs. "I'm just so scared that my dad will abandon me now. I didn't know that orphanages were still around, and I miss my mum and –"

 

"Okay, okay, calm down, son. I suppose if you already know who he is, then this won't affect your image of him. I think you may be too young to hear this –"

 

"I'm not."

 

"Okay. There's been nothing proven, but it's believed that his mother gave his father a love potion, have you heard of amortentia?" Regulus nods. "Good, well, there's a rumour that she used that, and they fell in love and got married and had a child named Tom Riddle after his father. However, his mother died in childbirth, and after that, the potion's spell was broken, and his father realised what had happened and didn't want anything to do with him. That's why he grew up in an orphanage, okay? Your mother would have loved you, and I know your father still does, so there's no need to worry, son."

 

"You're wrong," he says tonelessly, "my parents never loved me," and he cancels the glamours, leaving Dippet gasping in shock and fumbling for his wand.

 

"You're Regulus Black, you're the boy in the paper –"

 

"Oblivate."

 

 

Regulus returns to his tent, checks the wards which haven't been tampered with, and then grabs a glass from the kitchen and throws it at the wall. It shatters, but he simply repairs and summons it before throwing it again.

 

This goes on for nearly 10 minutes until his anger has diminished, and he's no longer at risk of going out and brutally murdering Dumbledore.

 

That's not to say that he's not still livid and slightly betrayed.

 

He never knew that students could stay at Hogwarts if they were unsafe at home, and he even though he never knew what criteria had to be met for students to be able to stay, he knows without a doubt that he would have ticked every last box.

 

He's been starved, abused, branded with a Dark Mark and taught how to cast unforgivables, and apart from the Dark Mark and unforgivable parts, everything he went through, Sirius had worse.

 

And he had begged Dumbledore for help. He had pleaded to let him stay, to help him, to save him from where he lay with his head in the stocks, but all Dumbledore had done was cut the rope that let the guillotine fall.

 

And it wasn't just Regulus he condemned.

 

It was Sirius.

 

It was Tom Riddle.

 

It was every second traditional pureblood with abusive parents.

 

And look where they all are now.

 

The Slytherins he condemned either became a Dark Lord or followed one, and all the other houses that Dumbledore didn't deem too evil followed a Dark Lord in disguise.

 

Well, that's it.

 

Regulus sits down and finishes his list.

 

The to-do list of Regulus Arcturus Black

Before I die:

 

    Kill Voldemort
    Ruin Albus Dumbledore
    Prove everyone wrong

 

There are only 3 points to cross off, 3 things he wants to do before he dies, but if he can achieve all of them, he thinks he might have a world he wants to live in, which will render the list redundant.

 

In any case, it's enough of a motivation for the spite to manifest within him.

 

He's got one horcrux, clues of others, and a long way to go before he can achieve his goal.

 

Step 1: Kill Voldemort.

 

It's time to get to work.

 

 

Malfoy Manor is the current base for Voldemort's operations, and Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy are fussy and pretentious enough to heavily restrict which Death Eaters have floo access.

 

Regulus does, of course, he's family, but most of the Death Eaters don't unless they're related to either of them or are in the inner circle.

 

This means that most lower-class death eaters have to apparate to the main gate and walk about eight hundred metres up the driveway.

 

Regulus does not envy them, especially not in this sweltering summer heat where the heavy layers of Death Eater robes seem to suffocate them more and more with every step they take.

 

He's hiding on the edge of the property, close enough to see those who arrive but not so close that the wards recognise him and let him through which would most definitely ruin his whole possibly dead, probably missing façade.

 

He doesn't recognise everybody, Voldemort's following is growing exponentially. Still, there are some that Regulus either knows through years of familiarity at school or because they're just highly distinguishable.

 

There’s Crabbe who has a distinctive gait but is rather useless and unlikely to know anything and Travers who he spent six years with Travers at school and now subconsciously knows his mannerisms even under a cloak. With a pang, he also recognises his first love, the boy he loves still, as Barty apparates to the gates and walks through the wards, away from Regulus.

 

Regulus pushes down the part of himself that wants to follow him and forces himself to focus; he misses the days when they'd go out and use raids as foreplay before they came home and fucked each other all night.

 

Those days are over now.

 

When have a Death Eater and a traitor ever been compatible?

 

The next person he recognises is Avery, who, while also useless, has the potential to have gleaned information from Mulciber, who is much more likely to be useful. Regulus stuns him and pulls him through the air towards Regulus and his tent, where he rechecks the wards again, ties Avery up in the dungeon and casts "rennervate."

 

He jolts awake, eyes flicking around and arms yanking at the binds frantically until his eyes land on Regulus, who is casually leaning against the wall in front of him.

 

"Black?!" Avery exclaims in shock. "What the hell are you doing here? What the hell am I doing here? Where have you been?"

 

"Irrelevant", Regulus responds simply. "Now, you're going to answer my questions, or I'll kill you."

 

"You wouldn't", Avery replies, unimpressed, but Regulus just stares at him coolly and says, "wouldn't I?"

 

There's a very short staring match until Avery breaks eye contact and says, "okay, okay, what do you want to know?"

 

"I want to know what has been happening that's important. Let's start with that."

 

"Well, we're still going on raids if you want to join us –"

 

Avery receives a mild cutting hex that slices across his neck as Regulus cuts him off and snarls, "I told you if you ever asked me to go with you again, I'd use my wand. Tell me something I don't know, or I'll cut off your hand."

 

"You're bluffing –"

 

Avery's right hand falls onto the floor.

 

"FUCK! FUCK! HOLY FUCKING MERLIN! What the hell is wrong with you?"

 

"I'm not bluffing", Regulus says, entirely detached from the fact he just cut someone's hand off. "Your foot will be next if you don't tell me anything."

 

He sees Avery's eyes widen and frantically look around at nothing as he tries and comes up with something to say. 

 

Regulus raises his wand threateningly –

 

"Everybody thinks you got scared of being a Death Eater and that Voldemort killed you, but no one wants to ask him to confirm it. I think he may have overheard one of us talking about it, but he didn't deny it. I think they're waiting 2 months to see if you turn up. Otherwise, they're going to presume you dead."

 

Regulus lowers his wand slightly, and Avery slumps in relief.

 

"That's not unhelpful, but I need better information. Who would I go to in the Death Eaters if I wanted answers?"

 

"Bellatrix –"

 

"Who wouldn't fucking kill me when they laid their eyes on me, you idiot. Who from our year? Who is close with the inner circle?"

 

"Mulciber, probably. He's very violent, which gets him far. Crouch too –"

 

There is no way that Regulus is going to interrogate Barty unless it's his last resort. Like with Sirius, leaving him alone is the best way to protect him, and he doesn't want the interrogation to end in makeup sex, trauma and a mess of complicated feelings.

 

"I'll go for Mulciber, but if he doesn't tell me anything more than you have, I will hunt you down myself and slice apart every limb on your body, do you understand?"

 

"Right", Avery replies hoarsely. "Are you not worried I'm going to tell everyone you're alive though?"

 

"You're not going to have anything to tell them", Regulus replies simply, and Avery's eyes widen in understanding before they glaze over.

 

"Oblivate."

 

 

Regulus dumps Avery's body by the gates and then casts rennervate which makes him shoot up in a panic, furtively looking around to see if anyone caught him fainting due to his poor apparation skills before seeing his hand that he splinched in the process. He clumsily stems the blood flow and bandages his wrist before striding towards the Manor.

 

It's 1.47am, the meetings always start at 2am unless there's an emergency one called, but Mulciber always showed up seconds before the doors closed. 

 

It could almost be fashionably late and a way to turn heads, except Mulciber is anything but fashionable, and nobody really cares if he shows up or not.

 

Still, Regulus is getting more and more stressed, praying Mulciber hasn't picked today of all days to show up early, hoping he's coming alone, hoping he's –

 

The crack of apparation sounds.

 

An ugly silhouette fills Regulus' vision.

 

"Stupefy."

 

“Wingardium leviosa.”

 

"Rennervate."

 

A pause, and then:

 

"Remember me?"

 

Like Avery, Mulciber's eyes widen comically, and he gasps, "Black? I thought you'd died; what the hell is going on?"

 

"You're going to answer my questions, or I'll cut off your hand. That's what going on."

 

Unlike Avery, Mulciber is smart enough to know that Regulus follows through with his threats and has enough self-preservation to nod and say, "what questions?"

 

"Have you ever heard the Dark Lord mention a horcrux?"

 

"A what?"

 

"That's a no, then. What about any of the other Death Eaters?"

 

"I still don't know what you're talking about."

 

"For the best, really."

 

"What?"

 

"Shut the fuck up."

 

Mulciber is staring at Regulus, and he can see him visibly pressing his lips together so that he doesn't speak and sentence himself to losing a hand.

 

Regulus is watching him with sadistic amusement until he voices his next question, "have you noticed any instances of extremely Dark Magic, like darker than usual?"

 

Mulciber looks at Regulus like he's an idiot and slowly says, "well yeah, we're Death Eaters. Everything is darker than usual."

 

"I mean darker than what the Death Eaters usually use", Regulus shoots back impatiently, refraining from hexing Mulciber when he might be coming close to something.

 

"I don't know; everything's dark. Do you really want me to compare different shades of black to each other?"

 

"Has anybody been given anything by Voldemort?" Regulus asks changing topics entirely. "Has anyone mentioned that he's hidden something somewhere or with someone –"

 

"Your cousin did a few weeks ago", Mulciber says, looking relieved to be able to answer a question. "She and Malfoy got asked to stay behind after a meeting, and when she came out, she looked like she'd won the lottery. She said that she'd been asked by the Dark Lord himself to protect this item with her life, so I assume she's either kept it on her at all times or has locked it away in her house or her Gringotts vault."

 

"And Malfoy has one too?"

 

"I did say –"

 

"Shut the fuck up, Mulciber", Regulus bites out, even though he asked the question in the first place. "Now, did you see what it looked like or what the magic felt like or –"

 

"It was Dark Magic, I can tell you that much, but I cast more dark spells than light these days, so it's not like I have a comparison for you."

 

"Stay there", Regulus says, ignoring Mulciber muttering, “well, it's not like I can fucking move, is it?" He undoes the layers upon layers of wards and protections of the hidden compartment in the library until he brings out the locket and holds it out towards Mulciber.

 

"Did it feel like this? Was this the magic that radiated off it?"

 

Don't say it, don't say it, don't say –

 

"Yeah, it was exactly like that," Mulciber says bewilderedly, unaware of the way Regulus' stomach drops, and he feels as though he's been thrown into an ice bath.

 

His greatest fear has come true, but Mulciber hasn't even realised; he's still talking.

 

"What is that thing? Did the Dark Lord give you something to look after and not me?" He asks in indignant rage, and Regulus distracts himself from his devastating realisation, casually smirking and saying, "No, but I did steal it from him."

 

Mulciber's eyes widen almost comically.

 

"Are you fucking suicidal? Are you hiding from him? Does he know you stole it?"

 

"Yes, no, and no", Regulus replies blandly. "Now, do you have anything else to tell me, or is that it?"

 

"Was that not helpful?" Mulciber asks indignantly, before looking ridiculously smug for having just betrayed his Lord. "Well, I clearly was helpful if you didn't cut off my hand –

 

OW! FUCK! YOU JUST CUT OFF MY HAND!"

 

He's gasping in pain, his eyes watering slightly even as he looks incredulously at Regulus and says, "you said you wouldn't cut it off if I answered your questions!"

 

"That wasn't for the answers, Mulciber. That was because I fucking hate you," and before he can respond, Regulus raises his wand.

 

"Oblivate."

 

 

Regulus returns Mulciber towards the edge of the wards, precisely the way he was before, minus a hand. Then returns to his previous meadow, sets up his tent, sits on the armchair in the sitting room and screams.

 

He's got the proof now.

 

There's definitely another horcrux with Bella, most likely another with Malfoy, and assumably another four out there, somewhere in the world, assuming Voldemort has made them already and isn't still hunting for objects to create them with.

 

However many there are now, if there are three, seven or one hundred, there are still multiple horcruxes.

 

Regulus' almost death would have been as meaningless as the life he's lived; Voldemort would have still had his other horcruxes tethering him to existence, and the locket would have either been left alone with Kreacher, or it would have sunk to the bottom of the lake with him, which honestly would have been better protection than the potion in the basin.

 

If the inferi-infested lake was all that came between him and killing Voldemort, he doesn't know who would win.

 

Every time he showers, he still feels their claws on his skin.

 

And multiple horcruxes.

 

If he nearly died over one, what will happen to him with seven?

 

He thinks of his feeling of excitement and pride from a few weeks ago that he was finally going to achieve something meaningful in his life. He would have proven Dumbledore wrong, killed Voldemort, gotten a chance to have his brother back and stopped the unnecessary waste of magical blood as purebloods fight in battles that only get them killed.

 

But Regulus should have known that was never going to happen.

 

He should have known that there was never just going to be one.

 

He should have known that it was all too good to be true.

 

After all, when has he ever gotten his hopes up and not been disappointed?

 
Notes:

    Can you tell I hate Slughorn and Mulciber????????

    Also Dippet wasn't even going to come into this story and then when I was writing I was like oooooh here's a bit of plot.

    My favourite part of this chapter is: "That wasn't for the answers, Mulciber. That was because I fucking hate you,"

    THAT MAKES TWO OF US REGGIE!!!!!

Chapter 9: Chapter 8: November 1980
Summary:

    Breakdowns.

Notes:

    I will elaborate in the end notes.

    I'm assuming that I'll have another chapter, maybe 2 up by maybe Sunday, maybe Monday, but will update this note if it's going to be later (I don't think it will be though!!)

    I would say hope you enjoy, but I don't really know if this chapter is enjoyable except for like 3 sentences.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

November 1980

 

Evan Rosier has been in Azkaban for fifteen days.

 

He knows this because he has eaten 45 unidentifiable and unflavoured meals, and their blandness only adds to the whole prison atmosphere.

 

No flavour.

 

No warmth.

 

No happiness.

 

No Barty.

 

They've always been inseparable, him and Barty. They used to be a trio back in school when Regulus was alive, and although they didn't even last a month into seventh year, unable to come back to the dorm every night where the empty bed looked at them in a crude mockery of the ghost of their friend, he and Barty had dropped out together and gone on grief-induced killing sprees together.

 

You name it, they've done it, and they've done it together, and Evan never expected it to stop.

 

But it has.

 

There hasn't been a day gone by in over three years that Barty hasn't been in, and he thinks it makes the dark and depressing atmosphere of Azkaban seem even darker; his absence next to Evan being replaced by a dementor that sucks the life out of him, piece by piece.

 

Evan is unrepentant; he didn't sign up to be a Death Eater because he had morals, and it's not like he found any through his servitude to the Dark Lord, but still. Life in Azkaban with the threat of a kiss constantly lingering in the back of his mind isn't where he ever imagined he would be.

 

Now though? He can't imagine ever getting out.

 

There's the same rotation of guards every week. One brings breakfast at 7am, the other brings lunch at midday and dinner at 6pm. Who it is changes, but it's always the same guard for the last two meals, and all the meals are always at the same time.

 

He knows because he asked; it's the only way he can keep track of the time passing.

 

This is why he's confused when only a short time after breakfast, he hears footsteps. The guards patrol like clockwork, but it's only around 8am; he doesn't think he zoned out or fell asleep, but he can't think of any other explanation.

 

His confusion only grows when he sees a cat patronus bound towards his cell, another patronus he's never seen, although he recognises the guard who is holding a key to the door of his cell and unlocking it –

 

The guard is holding a key to the door of his cell and unlocking it?

 

I don't want to die,  Evan thinks, unexpectedly terrified. I don't want to die, and I don't want to be kissed by the dementors. I don't want to die, but why else would they be here?

 

The guard unlocks the door, and the cat bounds in, which warms Evan up slightly, pushing away the dementor's chill, but the guard doesn't enter.

 

Regulus Black does.

 

"Oh," Evan says heartbrokenly, "I'm already dead. I wasn't ready to go, but it is good to see you again, Reg."

 

Regulus looks bewildered in a way he rarely does, but the frown and the slight creasing of his eyebrows are exactly the same as the Regulus in Evan's memories.

 

"You're not dead, Evan", Regulus says blankly, but Evan can hear the undertone of worry. 

 

Also strange… Regulus doesn't tend to worry about much, so Evan must have made him up if he's not dead.

 

Even if this is merely a hallucination, at least it's a nice one.

 

"Maybe hell is just Azkaban. Although I always thought hell was going to be hot. I'm only ever cold here."

 

Regulus doesn't reply to Evan, which hurts a bit; if it's his hallucination then surely he should be the centre of attention? But the way the anger radiates off him and seems to make the freezing room even colder? That is Regulus Black through and through.

 

"What the fuck did you do to him?" he hisses at the guard. "Why is he like this? Has he lost his fucking mind?"

 

The guard is smart enough to know that Regulus is the ex-Death Eater who killed Voldemort and would definitely have no qualms about killing him as an unimportant Azkaban guard, so he quickly and dutifully answers.

 

"Sometimes the dementors can have an effect on the prisoners", he begins hurriedly. "They take away a person's happiest memories, as you know, and this can make it hard to, uh, well, discern reality, I suppose."

 

It takes every fibre in his body not to curse the guard. Regulus hasn't gotten Evan out just for him to be sent back.

 

"And how do they usually recover from this?" Regulus asks, his whole body stiff and taut with tension that the guard can definitely see.

 

"Prisoners aren't usually released during a period where it's recoverable," the guard says slowly, hesitantly, "the shortest Azkaban sentence is generally still over 3 months, and this toll can have long-term effects –"

 

Regulus has heard enough.

 

"I am getting Evan Rosier out of here, and you are not going to stop me or follow me or even look at me. Instead, you can think about how you deserve to be locked behind the cell doors for the rest of your life", before he drops his voice even lower and hisses menacingly, "if it wouldn't get me and Evan sent straight back in here, I would have tortured you slowly until you begged for death."

 

And with that ominous message, he whirls back towards Evan and ignores the guard's deathly pale face and trembling body.

 

He thinks that he should be gentle, but all he wants is to get Evan out of here. Plus, if Evan thinks he's not real, him acting soft and sweet really won't help him sort through what's real and what's not.

 

"Follow me Evan, and ask questions later; I fucking hate this place."

 

Regulus winces inwardly, berating himself. Was that really the best way to phrase it, Regulus? 

 

Evan is still staring at him like he's expecting him to disappear, and as Regulus reaches down to grab Evan's wrist and pull him to his feet, both of Evan's hands reach out to grab his one hand instead.

 

"Oh", he whispers, his eyes brightening with something mixed with tentative hope and dangerous desperation. "You're warm, Reg. You're real."

 

"Yeah Ev, I promise you I'm real", and he yanks Evan up off the floor and wraps him in a hug, ignoring all of the dirt and grime that's getting on his neatly pressed robes.

 

He's not a hugger, never has been, and Evan knows this well as he murmurs, "you never hug me, Reg."

 

"Yes, well", he begins before sighing and saying ", I feel like the situation calls for it. Now come on."

 

Evan still looks slightly hesitant, not quite sure if it's all inside his head, but Regulus kind of, just, grabs him by the wrist and drags him along, giving him no choice but to follow.

 

As a Death Eater, Evan had gotten one of the cells in the coldest, darkest, most dementor-ridden part of Azkaban, and this also means that he and Regulus have to pass a lot of the other Death Eaters who have already been captured on their way out.

 

This is a smaller number than one would expect, purely because Regulus interrogated at least half of them in his quest to conquer Voldemort. He also killed many of them, either accidentally because they were too weak to withstand the torture, or on purpose because they either didn't give him any promising leads or they just annoyed him too much to want to live in the same plane of existence as them.

 

Some of those who did get captured are Amycus Carrow and Corban Yaxley, both of whom are bitter and resentful about not having had their esteemed Dark Lord break them out yet.

 

Henry Nott is also in Azkaban, and he seems to have been charming or persuasive enough to have a glimpse of the newspaper from one of the guards. As he catches sight of Regulus, anger appears to manifest across his entire body; it's not something the dementors can take away from him, so it consumes him entirely.

 

"There's the traitor, back from the dead to let us down again. Tell me why you're not on the same side of the bars as us, Black", he hisses out.

 

"Blacks don't do prison", Regulus replies blandly, barely slowing down for him to hear, although all of the other Death Eaters have noticed him now. They've also gathered that he's not here because he's a Death Eater, but rather he's at least got some kind of affiliation with the light and the ministry to not only come to Azkaban and not get locked away but also to bring a prisoner away with him.

 

Safe to say, they're livid, but they're also inching towards Evan, where the light of Regulus' patronus lessens the chill that encompasses them constantly.

 

"So, who were you hiding with, Black? Just wait until our Lord catches up to you; it won't be pretty –"

 

"What wasn't pretty was what he looked like after I murdered him," Regulus bites out, unconsciously walking faster. 

 

He's already got so few happy memories he doesn't want to dementors to take them, and the chill of Azkaban is far too similar to the coolness of the cave.

 

"What did Rosier do to be let go?" one of them asks, "he's a Death Eater too", to which Regulus simply gestures at Evan and says smugly, "do you see a mark?"

 

Like Regulus and Barty, Evan is now unmarked, and the Death Eaters glance almost hopefully at their forearms, wondering if the mark that condemned them to imprisonment has disappeared and its absence is now their ticket out of here.

 

It's not. 

 

The Dark Mark is still bold and vivid on their forearms and has shown no sign of disappearing since Voldemort's death.

 

"Why have yours disappeared then?" half resenting that Regulus and Evan are apparently no longer loyal to the Dark Lord and half jealous that they're no longer tied to everything he stood for.

 

Regulus opens his mouth to speak, but Evan gets there first.

 

"You heard him, didn't you, Nott? We're just born better," and then he gives them all a winning smile and starts walking away towards the exit.

 

Regulus leaves his cat patronus running laps around Evan; he needs it more than Regulus does, and eventually, they get to the front gate where the guards glare but let them go. Then he's sitting in the boat with Evan and watching Azkaban get smaller and smaller behind them.

 

They disembark the boat, Evan stumbling slightly, unused to moving so much, and Regulus catches and steadies him.

 

"It's really you", Evan says again. He seems to be coming back to himself more, which Regulus thinks is a good sign until anger flits across his face.

 

"You died." He says seriously, "you were dead."

 

"I never died, Evan," Regulus says slowly, unsure if the coast that overlooks Azkaban is really the place to be having this conversation, but nonetheless willing to indulge Evan in basically whatever he asks for at this point.

 

"I never died. I just went into hiding because Voldemort was going to kill me, and I had things to do before I could let that happen."

 

"Such as?" Evan asks sceptically.

 

"Killing him first."

 

Evan reaches out, grabs Regulus' shoulders and basically just throttles him a bit before he shoves him away and says, "I should have fucking known. Oh, Barty's going to murder you when he finds out; I hope you're prepared."

 

"Yes, yes, already dealt with that, now let's go. I'm not staying here any longer, it's cold."

 

Evan's dark mutter of "try fifteen fucking days, you princess" is lost over the sound of apparation.

 

 

They land in the sitting room of Grimmauld Place, where Barty is sitting on the couch, fretting.

 

His head snaps towards them as he hears them appear, and his face softens in relief as he sees Regulus and Evan, both alive and unharmed.

 

"Evan", he breathes out before hugging him tightly. He loves Regulus, truly he does; he was his first love after all, but there's something about Evan that just seems to settle every wrought emotion inside of him, and as Evan hugs him back, Barty relaxes for the first time in sixteen days.

 

"You're warm", is all Evan says back to him, "you're real too," before he hugs him back twice as tight.

 

"Evan?" Barty asks slowly, but it's Regulus who answers with a half angry, half worried "the dementors, affected him a bit. He's having a bit of trouble realising he's here, that I'm here, that he's out."

 

"Right", Barty says stoically, even as his eyes flash in anger, bracing his hands on Evan's shoulders and looking him in the eyes.

 

"Evan, have I ever lied to you?" he asks.

 

"No...?"

 

"Exactly, now remember that. You're out of Azkaban, you're never going back, you're here with us, yes Reg is alive, takes some getting used to that, but you're here, I'm here, Reg's here, and we're staying together again, okay? No more seventh year, no more war, just us three again, okay?"

 

Evan is simply staring at him.

 

"Okay?" Barty repeats.

 

"Okay," Evan replies softly.

 

"Good," Barty says. "Now, let's get you a shower.

 

"Oh, I haven't showered in sixteen days", Evan says wistfully, and when Barty glances at Regulus, who is already looking at him, they have the exact same shade of anger-fuelled revenge that's desperate to be released in their eyes.

 

Someone is going to pay for this.

 

"I'll show you where the shower –" Regulus begins.

 

"I'll take him," Barty interrupts. "I'll take him." He has an irrational feeling in his chest that if he loses sight of Evan, he'll disappear again.

 

He lived without Regulus for three years but barely survived without Evan for sixteen days.

 

For this reason, he grabs Evan by the wrist and drags him up to Regulus' bathroom, where all his pretentious and overpriced towels, shampoos and soaps are.

 

Usually, Barty would scoff and roll his eyes at the extravagance, but now he's just grateful. Evan deserves every last bit of it after suffering in that hellhole.

 

He's still in the bathroom, unsure of what he's waiting for but knowing that he doesn't want to go, when Evan awkwardly says, "uh, I'll just shower then."

 

"Right", Barty says flushing, "Right, I'll wait in the kitchen", and then he walks out without a backwards glance.

 

Barty can't figure out why he so badly wanted to stay.

 

 

Regulus is in the kitchen with Sirius.

 

James and Remus tried to follow as they do best, but Regulus told them in no unclear terms to "fuck off, or I'll curse you until you wished you were dead."

 

James' pupils had dilated significantly, good, you should be afraid of me, Regulus had thought, and Remus had just raised an eyebrow, smirking and said, "careful Regulus, those manners weren't very pureblood of you," dashing out of the room laughing before he could be hexed.

 

Sirius had paused on his way out the door, head tilted in a silent question, and Regulus had muttered a sullen "you can stay if you have to," which made Sirius grin.

 

"How was it?" Sirius asks, his hand gesturing uselessly as he tries to describe the entire Azkaban experience with a single word.

 

He almost regrets his question, he's expecting a snippy remark, probably a hex, maybe a dark curse if the question really annoys Regulus, but all he gets is a hoarse "awful."

 

Regulus wonders if the dementors are still affecting him an hour later or if his occlumency shields have reached their capacity, and he's beginning to feel.

 

He doesn't know which one scares him more.

 

Sirius is scared too. 

 

This is probably the most vulnerable he's seen Regulus, not just since his return but since he was thirteen or so, and he's terrified of screwing it up.

 

"How so?" he asks hesitantly, hoping he's not going to get a vitriol fuelled how do you think or something similar, but Regulus clearly isn't angry about this; he seems to be almost traumatised. 

 

"It was cold", Regulus tells the floor. "It was cold and dark and lonely even though there were people everywhere."

 

Sirius doesn't say anything; he just holds his breath, afraid to shatter the moment.

 

"It felt like it drained the happiness out of me, out of everyone there, and there was nothing I could do to fix it except leave or die."

 

Sirius sucks in a sharp breath at this, but Regulus ignores him.

 

"It was almost nostalgic though," he continues pensively, "it felt like our childhood", and Sirius finally speaks up at this point, needing to voice the fear that's circling around his head.

 

"I wasn't a dementor to you in this house, was I, Reggie? You can tell me if I was though. You can tell me."

 

There's a long pause which makes Sirius' heart drop to the floor until Regulus talks next.

 

"No Sirius", he says, squeezing his eyes shut and choking out in a moment of embarrassing honesty, "you were the patronus."

 

The words hit Sirius like a punch to the chest, making him exhale sharply and immediately start crying, and Regulus walks out of the room before he does the same.

 

Unfortunately, he runs into Barty coming down the stairs towards the kitchen, who takes one look at him, sees there's actual emotion on his face and looks ready to revolt.

 

"Reg, what the fuck happened to you?"

 

"Not now, Barty."

 

"Was it your brother?"

 

"Not now, Barty."

 

"It was, oh I'm gonna –"

 

"Barty."

 

"Reg."

 

"Barty, please"

 

The please pulls Barty up short. He doesn't know if he's even heard Regulus say the word, but now that he has, he knows he has to indulge him in whatever he asks; whatever is going on with him, it's clearly something significant he's struggling to repress.

 

He sighs, frustration draining away and gestures at Regulus to keep going up the stairs.

 

"Go off and sulk then, or whatever you're going to do."

 

Regulus doesn't really smile, but the corners of his lips twitch, and he calls over his shoulder, "same rules apply, Barty."

 

"I know, I know", he mutters even as he heads straight towards the room Regulus came from to hunt down Sirius.

 

 

Sirius is sitting at the head of the table, trying not to cry and doing nothing but crying.

 

"You were the patronus"  is fluttering around in his head, and it both breaks his heart and patches it back together again.

 

It reminds him that although he lost his brother twice, he can have him back, and it's the first conversation, apart from Regulus' comment on the night he returned, that wasn't hostile or resentful or angry.

 

His melancholic pondering is interrupted by footsteps coming towards him, and his head snaps up expecting to see Regulus, but instead, it's Barty Crouch.

 

Great.

 

"Fuck off, Crouch."

 

"No, you fuck off, Black. Why does Reg look like he's about to cry."

 

"Maybe he is", Sirius offers back, still crying himself.

 

"Reg doesn't cry", Barty enunciates clearly, "so try again."

 

"I don't fucking know", Sirius mutters, "go find him yourself if you're so worried."

 

"If he's about to cry, his wards aren't going to let me in; he wouldn't let anyone see him like that."

 

"Well then", is all Sirius says in response as he thinks about his brother three floors above him, who may or may not be in his bedroom and crying in sync with him.

 

 

Regulus is neither crying nor in his bedroom.

 

He was going to his room when he heard the water running through the wall and remembered Evan was in there and didn't think seeing him having a breakdown would help Evan much when he had just recently had a mild one of his own.

 

He went to find the library, a spare room, any room but this one, but he ended up here anyways.

 

And now, he's lying on the covers of Sirius' childhood bed, staring at the ceiling, as he tries to repress every emotion he has that relates to Sirius.

 

It's an unsurprisingly difficult task for three reasons. Firstly, there are an awful lot of them. Secondly, the sheer number of repressed emotions and memories he has already means that there isn't much room for more; he swears he can feel the strain on his shields that are surely cracking under the pressure. Thirdly and perhaps most selfishly, there are some moments with Sirius that he just wants to keep for himself and feel.

 

He's afraid if he hides too much away, he may forget how.

 

It's working though, slowly but surely, and the heat behind his eyes lessens, and the ache in his chest disappears.

 

He's still staring at the ceiling when the door opens, and he sighs, expecting to see Sirius when James Potter walks in.

 

James is also surprised to see him if the way he jolts back is any indication.

 

"Sorry", James says instinctively, glancing around, "I thought this was Sirius' old room."

 

Regulus feels his cheeks flush slightly with embarrassment as he says resignedly, "it is."

 

"And you're, lying on his bed?"

 

"Do your glasses work or not, Potter?"

 

"Right, right, stupid question", he mutters.

 

"Yours generally are."

 

"You're quite mean, do you know that?" James asks, frowning.

 

"Yes"

 

"Will you ever stop?"

 

"No"

 

"I could teach you to be nice."

 

Regulus looks up at this, his gaze leaving the ceiling and landing on James' earnest face.

 

This can be another bonding point,  James thinks pleased, until –

 

"Why the fuck would I want to do that? What Blacks do you know who are nice?"

 

"Sirius."

 

"Right, nothing screams nice like abandoning your brother twice, maybe that's where I'm going wrong," and then he gets up off the bed and goes to walk out of the room.

 

"Regulus, wait, please", James calls out desperately. All Regulus has been doing is walking away from him this week, and he doesn't know why today of all days is the day he doesn't want to watch him leave. Again.

 

Regulus doesn't stop, but he slows down his exit and raises his eyebrow in a sign of impatience.

 

"I have a question for you", James blurts out, "a mutually beneficial research project. You're into academics, right?"

 

"Whatever it is, I don't want to know," Regulus says dismissively, but James is unperturbed. He's asking his question, he just has to follow the script and –

 

"Would you kiss me?" he blurts out inelegantly, not at all how he rehearsed it in his head. He's expecting Regulus to bolt, but instead, he does the opposite. He literally freezes and slowly, oh so slowly, turns around, a mixture of anger and shock on his face.

 

He still hasn't said a word; he's simply staring at James, who takes it upon himself to elaborate.

 

"You know, you like guys, and I've never kissed a guy before, but I'm curious, you know? And since Barty is the only guy that you've kissed, then aren't you, you know, curious? As to what other guys are like to kiss?"

 

Regulus shakes his head slightly to make sure he's heard him right, and then, "even if I was curious, why would I want it to be you?"

 

"Because I'm lovely?" James suggests weakly.

 

"You're not."

 

"Charming?"

 

"Also no."

 

"It'll annoy Sirius?"

 

"Tempting, but still no."

 

"I'm a Gryffindor?"

 

"You were doing so well."

 

"Was I really?"

 

"No."

 

Half of James is frustrated by Regulus' extreme stubbornness and unhelpfulness, and the other half is desperately enjoying himself with the banter, so, he can't help but laugh.

 

"That wasn't a joke", Regulus says, unimpressed.

 

"I know", James says, still grinning, "it was funny, though."

 

"You're mentally unstable, Potter."

 

"Takes one to know one," James shoots back before clapping his hand over his mouth and looking at Regulus in panic. He did not mean to say that out loud.

 

He's expecting curses, hexes, and anger, but instead, Regulus smiles slightly, reluctantly amused, and a thrill of excitement floods through James, knowing he was the one who put it there.

 

"So, what do you say?" James asks, going through the checklist he made in his head. He's brushed his teeth, he put on his cologne, he shaved his face so there won't be stubble, there's no reason why he won't enjoy –

 

"No."

 

"I beg your pardon?" James asks incredulously, "I thought you were into academics."

 

"Oh, I am", Regulus says smugly, "but are you an academic? No. Ergo, I'm not into you."

 

And having won that argument, he walks out of the room, pleased to know that James isn't going to bother him again with his ridiculous plans.

 

James watches him go, simultaneously disappointed that Regulus is leaving and ecstatic that they even talked at all.

 

He's wondering why he's becoming jealous of Sirius, who Regulus talks to even if it's just to yell, and lets into his room that James still can't enter.

 

James had been hoping that he and Sirius could repair their ruined relationship if only Regulus put in the effort and tried to see Sirius' point of view, but that's a futile wish now.

 

Regulus hasn't just changed his mind; he's become the vision. 

 

And boy, is he a vision.

 

He's Sirius' little brother who sneered down his nose at them all when they called him Reggie on the Hogwarts Express. "It's Regulus", he had said, "use my full name or don't address me at all".

 

He's Sirius' little brother who bet Voldemort on his own, the Death Eater turned traitor who not only sent the ball rolling for the revolution but scored a perfect strike.

 

He's Sirius' little brother, who's a snarky, prickly git with the emotional stability of a walnut. The one James couldn't look away from in fear of being hexed until the fear turned into something else entirely.

 

He's Sirius' little brother, who James has a crush on. 

 

Fuck.

 

 

Evan takes a long, hot shower, partly because he can, partly because he wants to, and partly because it's been 30 minutes under the almost boiling water, and he hasn't quite washed away the chill of Azkaban.

 

Regulus' ridiculous array of shampoos and oils and creams look at him, and of course, the pretentious little shit has them all imported from France, so he can't even read the labels.

 

Shampoing  is easy enough to figure out, and the texture of the après-shampoing makes it obviously the conditioner, but anything else is a mystery. Evan just chooses a random bottle to use as body wash and another that he hopes is moisturiser but is actually some kind of oil that he washes down the drain before trying another bottle.

 

Evan never realised how much admin could go into washing one person's hair, although it is still a definite upgrade from the one time he had a shower at Barty's and saw the 3-in-1 shampoo, conditioner and body wash bottle looking at him on the shelf next to the unopened bar of soap.

 

Yeah, he'll take Regulus' fancy French shit any day.

 

There's a set of clothes laid out by the sink, and it's immediately apparent that they're Regulus' because they're all made of silk.

 

Evan is a stereotypical pureblood, sure, but he's not a Black.

 

Then again, after reading the article about Regulus and the fact that he killed the Dark Lord, maybe Regulus isn't either.

 

He gets dressed, hangs up the towel and walks downstairs, where Barty and Sirius are glaring at each other while Regulus gives out the air of it being a great cost for him to sit there at all.

 

Regulus sees him first, and his bored expression reduces slightly, becoming every bit as snooty and judgemental pureblood as Evan remembers.

 

"Did you put the Moroccan oil on after you conditioned Evan?" he asks indignantly.

 

"I didn't use it at all."

 

Regulus looks genuinely offended and says, "then you shouldn't have bothered to wash your hair in the first place."

 

Change the subject, change the subject before he starts lecturing me on how to wash my own fucking hair,  Evan thinks desperately.

 

"Do you know what's in Barty's shower?" Evan begins grinning menacingly and relishing in the hissed "you fucking promised you wouldn't tell him" from Barty.

 

"Tell me what", Regulus sighs, looking half interested and half resigned.

 

"You have 11 different bottles in the shower for your hair routine, yes Reg?" Evan begins.

 

"There's another six under the sink for when my hair's dry, but yes", he replies slowly, becoming even more interested as Evan's whole face lights up and Barty tenses instinctively for what's going to come.

 

"Barty has one bottle of 3-in-1. And that's it"

 

" You fucking traitor," says Barty.

 

"You are a disgrace to pureblood society," says Regulus, whose words are accompanied by a sharp stinging hex and the vanishment of Barty's chair, which makes him fall on the hardwood floor, bruising his tailbone.

 

"Fuck Reg –" Barty begins, but Regulus just talks over him, saying, "Evan, what do you want to eat? Eggs? You're having eggs."

 

"I suppose I'll have eggs", Evan mutters amusedly, a pang of fondness for Regulus flowing through him, which switches into extreme confusion as he watches Regulus grab a bowl from a cupboard and start cracking the eggs himself.

 

"Do you not have a house elf to do this?" Evan asks, confused by the dichotomy of pureblood Black heir Regulus Black cracking eggs into a bowl like a muggle, this confusion only growing as Regulus' entire body visibly tenses and he bites out a one-word answer, "dead," before whisking the eggs with far more force than necessary.

 

"How did it –"

 

"How about you make your own fucking eggs, Evan," he snarls, slamming the bowl down on the counter and storming out of the room.

 

Sirius glances back in horror; whatever went on between Regulus and Kreacher is evidently still affecting him, but Evan and Barty watch him go with entertained expressions on their faces.

 

"Now that's the Regulus we know and love", Barty says amusedly, as Evan continues saying, "if I ever wonder if I didn't actually make it out of Azkaban and died instead, well, this is most certainly Regulus Black; angry and dramatic at all times."

 

"Yeah", Barty adds, always happy to slander Regulus' image, "he's usually only this touchy about you, Black."

 

"Me?" Sirius asks bewilderedly, "Regulus hates me."

 

"Like you hate him?" Evan asks with an eyebrow raised. "He made us promise on the first day of first year not to curse you, which is a promise we've been hard-pressed to keep –"

 

"Is that what Regulus means when he says to remember the rules?" Sirius asks, seemingly softening in both fondness and relief. "Oh, thank Merlin, I thought that was some BDSM shit you guys were into."

 

There's a very loaded pause, and then Barty flushes while Evan howls with laughter.

 

"Holy shit, Black, there may be hope for you after all."

 

 

Regulus is fracturing into pieces.

 

It's like now that he finally has time to think about topics that aren't just the war, everything he hasn't felt in three years is trying to come back to him in full force.

 

And his occlumency shields are weakening, cracking, nearly bursting at the seams.

 

He feels like one wrong word will make him fall apart, never to be put back together again.

 

He's got Evan out of prison, Barty is here and doesn't have the mark, so it will be harder to convict him of anything; he can just deny, deny, deny. 

 

And Voldemort is dead.

 

His ruin Dumbledore's reputation plan is already underway, but that's really not difficult because there's an endless amount of evidence for that, and his hallow research project is simply that; a research project with no deadlines, no pressure and no ulterior motives.

 

Basically, Regulus has run out of things to do to distract him from his thoughts, and every hint of vulnerability that he's repressed since he was sixteen is now threatening to consume him.

 

Not today,  Regulus thinks and does the mental equivalent of shoving his thoughts towards the back of his mind. Not today.

 

 

Barty and Evan go to bed early.

 

Barty isn't tired at all, but Evan clearly is, and he's still unwilling to let him out of his sight.

 

He doesn't know why he doesn't want to do the same with Regulus, but when he mentioned to him that he might stay with Evan instead of Regulus, his facial expression had clearly said why the fuck would that bother me?

 

It's good to know they're both on the same page and have both moved on from their relationship when they were sixteen.

 

He doesn't know if Evan wants him to stay, but he also doesn't really give him a choice. When Evan says he's going to bed, Barty follows him, and when Evan chooses a room to sleep in, Barty follows him there too.

 

When Evan gets in the bed, so does Barty, and then they're lying on their sides, staring at each other.

 

Evan's eyelids are already fluttering; Azkaban wasn't a holiday, and he's been dead on his feet all day, but he's trying to keep Barty in his view for as long as possible, just in case this really has been a dream, and he wakes up tomorrow in the freezing cold, staring at a stone wall.

 

"I can go if you want", Barty says hesitantly, "if you don't want me to –"

 

"Stay", Evan murmurs before his eyes slip shut, "I want you to stay."

 

It takes Barty a long time to fall asleep; he's just staring at Evan for the same reason he was staring at Barty. He can't quite believe it's real, and he's slightly scared that if he falls asleep, he'll disappear by the time he wakes up.

 

Eventually, he does fall asleep, and every time he jolts awake in the night, blinking frantically and reaching forwards impulsively, Evan is always there.

 

 

Remus and Sirius are lying on top of each other on the cover of their bed, snogging, until Remus realises Sirius is distracted for some unknown reason and pushes him away slightly, raising an eyebrow in a silent question.

 

Sirius looks slightly annoyed at having the snogging interrupted but mostly nervous about something, and he flops down next to Remus and stares at the ceiling.

 

"Do you think Reggie seemed, off today?" he asks, which makes Remus turn to look at him.

 

"I think you'd know better than me", he says honestly, "you're his brother, after all."

 

"Didn't mean much these past three years", Sirius mutters sullenly, another pang of guilt flooding through him at the thought of Regulus doing everything, not that he really knows what any of that everything is, over the past three years. He's been on his own, without anyone and without Sirius, who had simply accepted that he was dead without a body.

 

"He's here now, and that counts for something", Remus says diplomatically. "He went to Azkaban today, and even though he can apparently cast a patronus to ward away dementors, it still would've been fucking awful. Go talk to him."

 

"What if he hexes me?" Sirius asks even as he sits up in bed and goes to leave.

 

"Then you get hexed", Remus says before smirking suggestively, "if you're still sulking, you can come back here, and I'll make you feel better."

 

"I like that sound of that", Sirius says grinning, pecking Remus on the cheek and going to find Regulus.

 

His wards let him in, a simple fact that always makes Sirius smile slightly. The only time he got kicked out was the first time he brought up Kreacher, but Sirius can respect the unspokenly forbidden topic, and he reaches towards the door handle and turns it.

 

Regulus is sitting on his bed, and his face is scrunched up like he's got a migraine, although as he hears Sirius enter, his eyes snap open, and his face clears out.

 

"What do you want?" he says flatly. He really doesn't have the mental stability for Sirius right now, and he's hoping he'll leave.

 

These hopes are immediately crushed by Sirius hesitantly saying, "I was hoping we could talk?"

 

"No" 

 

"Why not"

 

"Because I said no."

 

"Well, why can't you say yes?"

 

"Because I don't want to."

 

"But why not?"

 

"Because I don't want to."

 

"But why –"

 

"Will you just fuck off!"

 

Regulus can't do this today. His occlumency shields are hanging together by a thread, he doesn't want to feel any of what's trying to break free, and he does not want Sirius to be the one who watches him fall apart.

 

"I'm not fucking off until you tell me what's wrong."

 

"It's not like you've ever cared –"

 

"I've always cared –"

 

"Bullshit Sirius," Regulus yells out. Looks like they're doing this today, after all. 

 

"You didn't care when I got sorted into Slytherin, and I still wanted my brother. You didn't care when I sent you a birthday card every year and made eye contact with me while you burnt them. You never cared when you left me behind the first time and condemned me to be a Death Eater, and you never cared when you left me behind the second time when you knew I was trapped and had become one. You haven't cared about me since before we went to Hogwarts, and maybe that was all fake as well; us Blacks are good at pretending, after all –"

 

"Oh, I'm the one who didn't care, Reggie? Are we playing this game? Who's the one who told me I was a disgrace to the family when I came home for Christmas in first year? Who's the one who watched as I took all of the hits and curses in this house and never stepped in to defend me like I always did to you? Who's the one who was desperate to become the heir and become everything that I never wanted to be? Who's the one who couldn't give a shit whether I lived or died? You! It was you!"

 

"You don't know anything!" Regulus practically screams back. "I killed for you! I used to go to Death Eater raids even though to be discovered would be to die just because I knew you'd be there, and that way, I could get rid of whoever was trying to kill you. And yes, that included your friends! I saved them too because I knew they were important to you in a way that I apparently never was and never will be."

 

Sirius' anger is fading now slightly, surprise becoming the primary emotion on his face as Regulus yells all these confessions of love hidden under layers and layers of anger like they're his greatest sins.

 

He's still not done.

 

"I became a Death Eater for you because I knew it was either you or me, and you had a life to live while I already wanted to die. I fucking looked out for you, I wanted to know about you, but I knew the only way I could protect you was to leave you alone, so that's what I did. Now, what's your excuse?"

 

Regulus is taking deep, heaving breaths; the last thread holding him together is weakening, fibres snapping one by one –

 

"Maybe there's no excuse Reggie, maybe there's a thousand, but I'm here now, we're both here, and I'm trying! I'm trying! Maybe I was wrong, maybe you were wrong, maybe we're both wrong, but I'm trying, so why won't you –"

 

"Because I don't think I'd survive if I lost you for the third time!" Regulus half chokes, half screams, and the last string holding him together snaps.

 

His occlumency shields carried him through murder and torture, but of course it was going to be Sirius and his intrinsic need to set things right and make amends and just be so Sirius that he not only cracks the walls Regulus built around himself but leaves them shattered and irreparable.

 

Regulus drops to his knees as three years worth of memories, emotions and trauma hit him all at once.

 

His breath coming in great heaving gasps that turn into hyperventilating, tears streaming down his face, and he can't see, can't hear, can't breathe until he feels Sirius' arms wrap cautiously around him and it's like the last decade never happened at all.

 

He's ten, it's the night before Sirius leaves to go to Hogwarts, and he's sobbing his heart out into Sirius' arms. Every fear, worry, and negative thought is spilling out of him, and he's cracking apart, falling to pieces.

 

He's ten, and Sirius is whispering sweet platitudes to him that soothe him and make him believe it's all going to be okay.

 

He's thirteen, alone at Christmas, and he's wondering why he ever believed his brother.

 

He's fifteen, he's just become the heir, and he's wondering why he never believed his brother.

 

He's nineteen, and he can't hear the platitudes he knows Sirius is saying over the sound of his hysterical sobs.

 

He's ten, he's nineteen, he's every age in between where he's prayed for this moment but never had the option.

 

He's falling apart, pieces spreading across the floor, too broken to rebuild himself as a mosaic, except Sirius is holding him together and ensuring he has a body to return to when his mind comes back to himself.

 

Just like at ten, Sirius holds him tighter, and at nineteen, all he can do is hold on.

 
Notes:

    THE LAST LINE :((((((((((((( Can you tell I relate to family line by Conan Gray???

    Bit of a pause on the angst, ALL GO ON THE TRAUMA!!!

    This is chapter was necessary, but is not going to make everybody soft and morally righteous, it's purely because I don't think Regulus could have fallen for James if he's repressing every emotion he's felt in the past few years- both good and bad emotions, and also I do love a good breakdown in a fic.

    The next chapter (of the post-prologue story), not that I've actually written it yet, starts with Regulus waking up the next morning and being like "how fucking embarassing, why did I do that" and he will probably be avoiding Sirius at all costs.

    Also the only time James makes Regulus smile is when he's borderline insulting him (despite it being true).

    But the Rosekiller has started slightly, and there will be more wolfstar in the next few chapters. And James has finally become self aware yay!!!

    Also spoiler for the next chapter aswell (post-prologue), Reg, Barty and Evan *get revenge*

    Anyways, can't wait to hear your thoughts on it all as well as anything you might want to see in future chapters xx

Chapter 10: Chapter 9: September 1978 - October 1978
Summary:

    Nothing worth having ever comes easy.

Notes:

    Look who's back!!!

    This chapter besides the obvious points in it was never planned to be how it turned out, but you get what you get!! It's a good chapter though and the next 3 (chapters 10, 11 and 12) are going to make you lose your minds in the best way !!! (I hope).

    I'm hoping for a chapter up by Tuesday, but next week it's my birthday, I'm moving back home from uni for the summer and I've got 2 days worth of french fluency exams so it may be a bit hit and miss with my time estimations- I'm aiming for Tuesday though, Thursday at the latest but I'll update this note if it's going to be later.

    Can't wait to hear your thoughts, I do love reading through all of your comments and theories- this chapter has one of the loosest possible links to canon so I hope you enjoy the *surprises*

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

September - October 1978 

 

Regulus wakes on the first day of September and simply sits on the couch, watching the clock, until it reaches 11am.

 

Hundreds of kilometres away, the Hogwarts Express leaves without him. 

 

What are his friends wondering? Do they think he's dead? Do they think he's lying? Either way, do they miss him?

 

He wonders what would have happened if he'd just showed up two months into his disappearance act, but he supposes he'll never know.

 

Still, a small part of him wishes he could give up his horcrux hunt and just sit on the train with his friends, his biggest worry being how much homework he is going to get and which NEWT class is going to be the hardest.

 

The much more rational part of him refused to entertain that idea; he has Kreacher's death to avenge and his list to complete. Plus, if he goes back to Hogwarts, he goes back to Dumbledore.

 

And really, his indescribable hatred for Dumbledore is all the convincing he needs to stay in his self-inflicted isolation as he tries to kill the most powerful wizard in Britain.

 

He ventures into another wizarding town in eastern Wales the same day, and he finds himself on another front page of the Daily Prophet in an article that was published a couple of weeks ago:

 

BLACK HEIR PRESUMED DEAD.

 

He is entirely apathetic to the article that deems him missing for 2 months, nearly 3, and it merely fills him with a deep sense of bitter amusement.

 

Sirius ran away years ago, but he still has to fight every day so he doesn't get pulled back into the fray of the House of Black.

 

Regulus didn't even want to leave, but now that he has, no one is looking for him. If they did, they didn't try very hard.

 

It's good, really, he likes being alone, but a small part of him wonders how Sirius took the news.

 

 

Sirius had read the newspaper the day it was released, and although he'd scoffed and rolled his eyes when he saw Regulus was presumed missing, he felt like somebody had stabbed him in the chest and twisted when he saw that he had been presumed dead.

 

They were providing a memorial service for him in a week, family only, the Prophet had said. 

 

Sirius knew he wouldn't be welcome to attend.

 

That night, he had looked out at the night sky where it had taken him longer than usual to find Regulus, and when he looked up at his brother, he had sworn that his star appeared dimmer than usual.

 

Sirius had cried until he couldn't see Regulus at all and then had cried harder when he realised that that was how it would always be.

 

Not seeing Regulus at all.

 

Never seeing Regulus again.

 

He was presumed dead 77 days after he went missing, and now he exists exclusively in the sky. Every time Sirius looks at Regulus, he's reminded of what they used to be and what they never will be again.

 

Brothers.

 

The possibility of repairing the relationship they lost the moment Sirius was sorted into Gryffindor was always in sight but always out of reach, and now,

 

77 light years away,

 

So is Regulus.

 

Forever in sight and forever out of reach.

 

 

Regulus has been following a lot of leads that lead nowhere.

 

He tried visiting the site of Tom Riddle's orphanage, which is now a muggle apartment block and had no traces of magic anywhere.

 

He tried finding yearbooks of people who may have gone to school with Tom Riddle, except all of the Slytherins became his followers, and all the other houses gave birth to members of Dumbledore's resistance group. They're definitely not going to help him, and they're also not going to know much valuable information in the first place.

 

He crosses both points off his list and looks at the next idea.

 

Visit hometown/birthplace of T.R mother and father- Gaunt is descendant of Slytherin- ideas there???

 

Regulus knows that there is more to the story of Tom Riddle than Dippet knew, and upon looking through his notes and at Tom Riddle's family tree, he saw that the same day he graduated from Hogwarts was the same day that his father died.

 

Is this called coincidence or murder?

 

Maybe that's where one of his horcruxes came from; the murder of his father.

 

Maybe after he graduated and lost the trace on his magic, he celebrated by going on a killing spree?

 

If he had grown up in a muggle orphanage, he wouldn't have had access to the same dark pureblood literature that Regulus had; his parents removed the trace on his wand the same day he got it when he was 11.

 

Maybe Tom Riddle's birthplace and hometown will have clues and hopefully answers.

 

Answers about where his father came from,

 

Where his mother came from,

 

Where Tom Riddle came from,

 

And where Voldemort has been.

 

 

Finding out where the Riddle family came from is surprisingly easy.

 

Regulus is a blood supremacist for sure, but he can't deny that muggles have an excellent system of finding out where each of them lives.

 

In the wizarding world, you either have to send someone a patronus until they tell you their address, or you need to be added to their floo network. There is, of course, the option of blood magic and tracing runes; however, this has a high risk of prison time if you're caught.

 

Regulus entered a library in Newcastle to try and track down the Riddles, and when he reluctantly asked a library employee how he could find a long-lost relative, she had shown him to an archive of the past 150 years' worth of telephone directories.

 

Regulus had smiled politely at this, both unsure and uncaring as to what a telephone was, but she had also said that it stated their name, phone number and address, and that is what he wanted.

 

She looked young, probably only a year older than him, and she seemed to be hanging around him unnecessarily, fluttering her eyelashes and giggling like the first-year Hufflepuffs in the Hogwarts library, and so Regulus had told her in no uncertain terms to "fuck off before you give me a migraine."

 

Instead of getting angry that he had rejected her help, she seemed almost wounded, but Regulus genuinely could not give a shit. She should be grateful they weren't in a wizarding town where he could have cursed her.

 

The telephone directories are simple to use and are published annually, where all of the country's inhabitants are listed in alphabetical order.

 

Tom Riddle Sr. died in 1944, so Regulus finds an edition from 1943 and another from 1926 when Voldemort was born and compares the data.

 

They both show the same address.

 

Station Manor, Little Hangleton, England.

 

Unsurprisingly, the name Gaunt isn't listed in the muggle directory; however, The Riddles address is enough of a lead to begin with. So Regulus leaves the library, glares at the muggle girl who tries to smile at him on the way out, finds a small alleyway, and disapparates.

 

His first thought upon arrival is that he's apparated to the wrong place.

 

It's a muggle town, he knows this, but it's saturated in dark magic.

 

When he reaches out to try and feel it better, he jolts back reflexively.

 

It's weaker than the horcrux magic and seems to be older and less powerful, but it's Voldemort through and through.

 

It's the same feeling of magic from the horcrux and the same feeling that thrums through Regulus every time he breathes due to the snake and skull staring at him on his left forearm.

 

That's another thing to figure out,  Regulus thinks. That mark has got to go.

 

It's early afternoon, around 1pm or so, but the town seems mostly deserted. The few people who are out on the streets seem to be those who are drunk, high or insane.

 

Regulus feels hypocritical for his next observation, but no one is smiling either. 

 

He's spent enough time around muggles these past few months to know they're always ridiculously happy. There are exceptions of course, but at least 8 in 10 will smile at him, ask him how he's doing and say good morning or good afternoon as the day calls for it.

 

Regulus hates it and glares at every single person who tries.

 

In this town though? There's nothing, and Regulus has a horrible thought that maybe they're all dead, simply another batch of inferi that Voldemort deemed necessary to make, but after refuting this theory by sending a cutting hex at someone's arm and watching them bleed, he softens in relief.

 

The inferi didn't bleed in the water, only Regulus did, so whatever is wrong with these muggles, at least they're not dead.

 

He assumes that it's due to Voldemort's magic spreading through the town; all of the trees are dry and dead, and there's no grass anywhere, but once again, Regulus doesn't really care.

 

They're just muggles after all, although he would also leave purebloods in the same state if they weren't people he cared about. He has bigger problems to solve than why the muggles won't smile at him.

 

Plus, nobody tried to talk to him while he walked through the town, so he finds a small part of himself almost grateful to Voldemort that he apparently also hated muggles enough to find a way to make them shut up.

 

It's a small town, practically a village, with five shops, four of which are boarded up and surrounded by broken glass.

 

The only open shop is a pub, fittingly named The Little Hangleton Pub, and Regulus walks inside, immediately grimacing at the cheap alcohol he can smell. It's leagues apart from the Italian wine that he's used to, and the man at the counter snaps his head up in apparent shock that somebody has actually visited his establishment.

 

"Are you lost?" is the first thing he says, seeing a boy who isn't even old enough to drink walking in like he owns the place.

 

"No", Regulus says calmly, "I'm researching the Riddle family and have come looking here to learn more."

 

The bartender's face drops in horror, the first genuine expression Regulus has seen since coming to the town, and there's a warning in his voice as he says, "Run, boy. I don't know why you decided to research them of all people and what you think you're going to find, but it's best you stop now. Run and don't look back."

 

"And if I don't want to run?" Regulus asks with an eyebrow raised, staring at the muggle whose eyes seem to be getting wider and wider in genuine panic.

 

"I'm not joking around here, kid; you need to leave it alone, or you're going to get killed like the son killed his parents."

 

You've got answers, and I'm getting them,  Regulus thinks determinedly, and realising that the man at the bar is probably Gryffindor, albeit a weak one, he knows that persuasion won't work like it would on a Hufflepuff or Slytherin.

 

What does work is short and simple "imperio."

 

The man's eyes glaze over, staring into nothing and waiting for Regulus' command.

 

"Tell me everything you know about the Gaunt and Riddle families."

 

The bartender does.

 

"Both families have lived here for centuries. They used to be well off, and the Riddles still were until they died, but the Gaunts lost a lot of their affluence about 150 years ago. They were a weird little family, odd things always seemed to happen on the rare occasion they came into town.

 

They knew English, and I'd heard their daughter speak it occasionally, but the father was around my age, he'd be around 80 or so if he was still alive, but I never heard him say a word of English in his life. Instead, he'd hiss, almost like a snake, but everyone in his family seemed to understand him.

 

Like I said, they were a weird bunch, but they've all died out now. The Riddles also have, although no one knows for sure what happened to their son, but it was a big commotion. About 50 years ago, the Gaunt daughter and Tom Riddle Sr had fallen in love in an unexpected romance. Nobody knew what he saw in her; she was neither smart nor pretty, but they adored each other and had a baby out of wedlock, another commotion really, but neither seemed to care.

 

The girl died hours after giving birth, and Tom Riddle Sr seemed to wake up from a trance of some sort, saying she had put him under a spell and that her death had woken him up. I never knew what happened to the baby, though. The Riddle's lost a lot of their prestige through that ordeal though they were still wealthy as ever compared to the rest of us folk, but then in 1944, there were fireworks on a random night in May. I'd never seen the colour before, neon green fireworks, but I just thought someone was celebrating something. The following day though, the housekeeper goes to work, and everybody is dead; Tom Riddle Sr, his parents, the groundskeeper, the gardener, I mean everyone, all dead. 

 

We think it was their son, Tom Riddle Jr, his name turned out to be, and we believe he brought a poisonous smoke bomb and blew them up even though he somehow left the house unscathed."

 

"And where can I find the house of the Gaunts?" Regulus asks. If Tom Riddle came back to murder his muggle family, then he's not going to be leaving horcrux clues in their manor. 

 

The descendants of Slytherin, though? That's a good bet.

 

"Up over the hill by the boarded-up tailors, and then there'll be an overgrown hedge that practically covers the gate."

 

Regulus cancels the spell and then says lightly, "well wasn't that easy, I appreciate your help."

 

The bartender's eyes widen in horror again, his eyes flitting everywhere as he stammers, "you, you're the boy, you're Tom Riddle's son –"

 

Regulus was going to let the man go, not wanting to notify Voldemort of any magical activity in his hometown, but after that?

 

"You think I look 51 years old?" Regulus asks incredulously and full of offence, and then he charms the wine bottles on the display counter to hover in the air and beat the man over the head 51 times to spite him.

 

The man is unconscious after 6 hits.

 

He dies after 23.

 

The bottles don't stop hitting him until 51, and the floor is a bloody, glassy mess.

 

"51", Regulus mutters on his way out, still offended, "I fucking hate muggles," and then he shatters the windows in the shop and lights the wooden furniture on fire for good measure.

 

"I fucking hate muggles."

 

To the public eye, he still has the Black decorum drilled into him since birth, but his mother would hex him for stomping his feet slightly as he walks and essentially throwing a tantrum at seventeen years of age. 

 

Not  fifty-one.

 

Yeah, he's still bitter. Even killing someone and committing arson couldn't settle the rage entirely.

 

He keeps stomping up the street, cursing muggles out in four different languages, and he barely even has to look where he's going to get to the Gaunt Shack. 

 

The magic within it is like a lighthouse, an unmissable beacon, and while it would encourage most people to steer clear, Regulus is drawn to it.

 

The wards around the property are non-existent; it's like Voldemort is trying to lure people in because no matter how many different detection spells Regulus casts, nothing shows up.

 

He enters hesitantly but remains unharmed even as his body gets goosebumps as he looks around.

 

There are corpses, both human and animal, that are littered across the garden, and it makes Regulus slightly uneasy to know that he may become one of them.

 

Still, there's evidently either something to protect, or Voldemort is just a sadistic bastard, but Regulus isn't going to defeat him by being scared.

 

He shoves all his doubts behind his occlumency shields and reaches out with his magic to feel the wards around the house. 

 

Again, there aren't any. 

 

It's entirely unprotected, but there is a pull within Regulus that is drawing him in, a promise of something great if he steps inside the house.

 

He fights it, though, reaches down and throws a rock at the front door, which clatters uselessly to the ground to ensure there are no curses on the door handle, and then he turns around and walks off the property just so he knows that there's a way out.

 

Then, he walks back by the front door, casts a shield charm to hopefully protect himself from curses, and magically opens the door.

 

Again, nothing happens except there's something inside that Regulus is pulling him forwards, he's helpless to resist, and he slowly steps forwards into the Shack.

 

He feels like he's missing something. There's something, somewhere, that has made these corpses rest here forever, and this something makes itself known in a burst of yellow light that hits Regulus on the ankle, and he watches in horror as his pale leg turns brown almost instantly and begins literally decompose in front of his eyes.

 

"Oh shit, shit, shit", he cries out in panic. The curse is showing no sign of stopping, and it's slowly spreading up towards his calf.

 

He tries every spell he can think of; containment spells, preservation spells, preventative and purging spells ranging from extremely light to Azkaban-sentence dark, but nothing works.

 

The curse is still spreading, it's up to his knee now, and he can see the bones of his ankle where the flesh has dissolved entirely. It doesn't hurt, the nerves are too damaged to send a pain signal to his brain, but it's absolutely disgusting.

 

There are only two options left that Regulus can think of, and one of them is dying.

 

The other option is amputation.

 

He needs to cut his leg off and hope the curse hasn't already spread to his entire body.

 

It's just a limb, right? He's been cutting people's hands off all the time, and they still have enough consciousness to not die and keep talking, which is all Regulus needs.

 

Cut the leg off, stop the bleeding and the curse, and then find a way to regrow it later; how hard can it be, and how bad can it hurt?

 

The answer to the latter is a lot.

 

He casts a cutting hex that ends up being more like a blasting hex due to his stress, and his leg that he just cut off, which is mostly just bone at this point, shoots against the wall and shatters. Regulus tries not to throw up and focuses on his leg instead, which doesn't help his nausea at all.

 

He cut his leg off where there was still healthy flesh that the curse hadn't yet affected, where the nerves were still working. 

 

This means Regulus felt it all; he felt it come off, and he still feels it now.

 

It's a throbbing, bloody, painful mess, and a small part of Regulus sends a silent apology that he doesn't really mean to everybody whose limbs he's ever chopped off in his life.

 

It really fucking hurts.

 

Still, he's more grateful than he ever thought he'd be to see his leg gushing blood because if he's bleeding, he's not rotting.

 

He casts a cauterising charm against his stump of a leg which stops the bleeding, and then he bandages it, goes to stand up and then nearly falls back over again as he realises that the rest of his leg is in pieces and scattered around the room in a mixture of bone fragments and rotten flesh.

 

Nausea and distress won't help him here, so he hides everything away behind his occlumency shields again, conjures himself a cane to hop along on, and with his wand held tightly in another hand and a shield charm on the tip of his tongue that probably won't stop the dark curses Voldemort used, he hobbles forwards towards the spot where the curse came from. There's a misplaced floorboard that seems to have something shimmering under it, trying to pull him in, he can't help but lean closer –

 

Another yellow burst of light shoots forwards, and Regulus screams as he drops onto the floor, mercifully unharmed but unmercifully pressing the weight of his entire body on his freshly amputated stump.

 

He's gasping, blinking tears of pain out of his eyes, but he is getting what he came here for, which is whatever is underneath that floorboard.

 

More prepared now, he charms a book on the mantelpiece to hit the floorboard, and the book crumbles to dust with another burst of yellow light.

 

While Regulus is sure that he could cut off another limb, he doesn't want to reach his hand inside and get cursed so severely that he can't even pick up the object in the first place.

 

He hides behind the couch and pulls up the runic sequence around the floorboard, which is a mixture of dark and blood magic.

 

The dark magic intertwined with the runes is complex and difficult to unravel. However, it's manageable and more straightforward than he'd envisaged, purely because of the extent of the pure paranoia that Regulus constructs his wards with, so in comparison, Voldemort's are almost laughably easy.

 

That's not to say it's simple though; there are still various hexes and curses that try to break free and a ward breaching notification that Regulus almost sets off, but eventually, there's no more protective or defensive magic surrounding the floorboards and Voldemort hasn't arrived to kill him, so Regulus assumes he's done a good job.

 

He cuts the palm of his hand and lets blood drip down onto the floorboard. He doesn't want traces of his magical signature to be left in the Shack, but he can't see any other way to neutralise the blood magic.

 

The moment of truth arrives, and Regulus throws another book at the floorboard that simply skids across the floor, uncursed and unharmed.

 

He tentatively hobbles forwards, nearly overbalancing again, before he casts yet another diagnostic charm over the floorboard, searching for any remaining traces of magic.

 

Only two items show up; the same brand of dark magic of a locket and another unidentifiable type of magic that seems to be stored inside whatever is in the box.

 

Despite the fact he hasn't got it yet, Regulus feels himself light up in euphoria; he came here for leads, not a horcrux, but he's so close to one anyways. If he gets this, he's over a quarter of the way there.

 

Regulus gets his wand hand ready for amputation if needed, and with his other, he reaches down under the floorboard, and his hand touches black leather.

 

It doesn't decompose.

 

Thank fuck,  Regulus thinks relieved, and then he brings the box towards himself, double checks there are no tracking runes on it, and then hops out of the Shack, praying he never has to return.

 

He gets to the front gate, ensures he has the leather box, pulls the finger at the Gaunt Shack and says another quiet "fuck you" before disapparating.

 

He sets up his tent and layers 38 different wards upon each other, his magical threshold just wanting him to rest, fighting with his paranoia to put up more, until he hops inside, downs three blood replenishing potions and two pain potions, and gets ready for bed.

 

He's ready to lie down on his bed and deem everything else to be a later problem that he can deal with tomorrow, but the muggle bartender's voice rings in his ears again.

 

"You're the son. You're the Riddle boy."

 

Who is 51?

 

Who is 51?

 

"I don't look 51, you fucking prick," Regulus mutters angrily at his reflection.

 

Still, he repeats his skincare routine 3 times that night before he goes to bed and passes out.

 

 

A pain potion tends to last roughly 4 hours until it needs to be retaken, and Regulus wakes up 4 hours and 1 second later, wondering if he's been set on fire.

 

He hasn't, but it feels like flames are coming out of his stump of a leg that lick up his spine and seem to boil his brain.

 

He's gasping and sweating despite the cooling charms set on his room, and he manages to control himself enough to accio another pain potion and swallow it down.

 

It takes only seconds until he's slumped back against his pillows in blessed relief, and he realises that taking pain potions 6 times a day for the indefinite future isn't going to work. Since he cut off the part of his leg that the curse had affected, he's hoping that skele grow and another blood replenisher will grow his leg back, and he really doesn't know what he's going to do if that doesn't work.

 

The easiest thing to do would be to go to a potions shop and buy some, except magical signatures have to be recorded since it's a restricted potion, and once again, his whole presumed dead charade would be ruined quite significantly if someone found his name on a prescription potion sheet.

 

He also can't steal it unless he breaks through the wards, which, while definitely doable, are unlikely to be left alone for long enough to allow him to do so with the possibility of being killed or committing mass murder.

 

Both options are tempting, and Regulus has to tell the darker parts of his brain that neither option is viable at the moment.

 

The only feasible option is to make it himself, which is a month and a half long process. Still, it's not like he has any alternatives.

 

The ingredients aren't actually that complicated or exotic, so Regulus manages to buy them all with his glamour in a small wizarding town near Plymouth, where he hops around using his cane with an unpleasant feeling of embarrassed resignation.

 

He never thought he'd take having all of his limbs for granted, but he'll never make that mistake again. If his leg, no, when his leg grows back, he's not entertaining any other notions, he's going to be grateful for it for the rest of his life.

 

Has this made him grow a conscience and refuse to amputate people during torture and interrogations, though? 

 

Of course not.

 

If anything, it makes him do it twice as often with twice as much passion because he knows exactly how it feels, and he wants all of those he interrogates to feel pain.

 

He starts work on the skele grow potion the following day, and while he finds it almost therapeutic and enjoys having a project to complete with a much lower fatality rate, this doesn't change the fact that the next month and a half is a right bitch of a time.

 

Horcrux hunting in any physical capacity is put on hold; he's not going to try and fight Voldemort and his repertoire of dark and sadistic defences while he can barely stand upright on his own.

 

He also doesn't go out to any wizarding towns for fear of coming across someone who recognises him and either tries to kill, curse or arrest him. While in normal circumstances, he could easily beat anyone who tries, everything is exponentially harder when all of your focus is taken up on concentrating on your balance and trying not to fall over.

 

He went into a muggle town a few days into the skele grow brewing to buy some more groceries, and it had been such as ordeal, trying to purchase what he wanted while dealing with the muggle children asking questions and having to deal with the girls his age excessively blinking at him and giggling, that he refused to leave his tent again until he could go to a wizarding town.

 

This petty tantrum lasted almost 3 weeks until he ran out of food, and Regulus nearly fainted from not eating for four days and realised that his stubbornness didn't override his intrinsic need to eat to survive.

 

This only made Regulus resent being alive even more than he already did, and then extremely reluctantly, he returned to civilisation and brought more groceries.

 

 

During the first week, Regulus spent drugged up on pain potions and missing a leg, he spent the entire time he wasn't sleeping or potion brewing, casting diagnostic charms on the ring he had found in the box.

 

It was unremarkable in every way, really. If Voldemort wanted a nice ring to make a horcrux in, Regulus would have offered him one of his own.

 

Well, no, he probably wouldn't have actually, but still. 

 

The Blacks have thrown out rings nicer than this, probably even blood traitors like the Potters have nicer jewellery.

 

It's gold, sure, but it's of a low carat, and it wouldn't have cost more than 50 galleons at best.

 

Regulus' cheapest ring cost 15,000 galleons.

 

The gold is tarnished, which only accentuates its poor quality, and the inscription around the ring was so obviously done with a blade that wasn't platinum that even if this wasn't a horcrux, Regulus would still destroy it just so it could be erased from existence.

 

It is a tangible representation of Voldemort really: gilded colours over grey, plated gold over stainless steel, expensive tailored robes over a worthless half-blood who wasn't even supposed to be born in the first place.

 

Regulus is going to amend that if it's the last thing he does.

 

The ring also has the Gaunt family crest, which amuses Regulus. He had never imagined Voldemort to be a sentimental person, but first Slytherin's locket and now the Gaunt ring? 

 

Maybe his next horcrux will be his baby blanket.

 

 

After eight days of spell casting and curse removal, Regulus deems the ring safe enough to touch, and when he does, nothing happens which relieves him. He picks it up, looks at it, shakes it, and there's a funny sound like something inside it.

 

If this is the curse that kills me, I'll come back from the dead and kill you myself, Tom Riddle,  Regulus thinks forcefully before he points the ring away from him and flicks the clasp that holds the compartment closed.

 

The hinges fly open, and a small rock falls out that has red streaks, almost like lightning running through it.

 

There's the same unidentifiable magic that pulses from it that Regulus detected in the Gaunt shack, and when Regulus considers it to neither be dark nor curse him, he hesitantly reaches out and touches it.

 

Nothing happens.

 

He picks it up, drops it, turns it over, and tries talking to it, but it literally does nothing.

 

It's just a rock.

 

Maybe this is the first rock Voldemort stubbed his toe on,  Regulus thinks with a huff of hysterical laughter. 

 

There's got to be something significant about it for Voldemort to have locked it away and hidden it in his horcrux, but Regulus can't figure it out for the life of him.

 

It's genuinely just a rock pulsing with unidentifiable magic, but it's not dark. The magic is something Regulus has never been exposed to.

 

A part of him is tempted to throw it out, although Voldemort doesn't seem like the type for practical jokes, so Regulus picks the rock up and puts it in his mokeskin pouch along with the memory vial before locking the ring away in a separate hideaway to the locket.

 

He doesn't want the horcruxes to somehow be able to talk to each other and then tell Voldemort that they're being hunted down, so they're left in separate rooms.

 

Each day that passes between sleeping, potion making and potion taking, Regulus obsesses over the rock, but no matter what he does or tries, it's just a rock.

 

He doesn't throw it away, but he does throw it at the wall multiple times in frustration, but all the rock ever does is let the light reflect off its red lines, almost like it's winking at him.

 

You've already tried that, haven't you?  It says, you're never going to figure me out, but I've already figured you out. You like solving puzzles, but you can't solve me, can you?

 

"Fuck off, you're just a fucking rock", Regulus yells until he quietens down and wonders if he's losing his mind by having a literal conversation with a rock.

 

It's magical, but he doesn't know how.

 

Maybe it's got magical properties to look like a muggle rock?

 

He doesn't know what it's meant to do; maybe it's meant to do nothing?

 

It's nothing special and nothing but a rock.

 

It's just a rock.

 

 

The other half of Regulus's spare time is spent researching the Dark Marks, how they're created, and more importantly, how to remove them.

 

He's semi-tempted to cut off his arm as well and then grow it back when the skele grow is ready, but firstly, he doesn't even know if his leg is going to grow back, and secondly, he really doesn't want to have to live without half of his limbs for another four weeks.

 

He also doubts that removing the mark would be that easy; he's sure Voldemort covered all of his bases to minimise the chances of betrayal by his followers. He's certain there is an extremely harsh punishment followed by a painful and unavoidable death if anybody tries.

 

Especially given his recent experiences with the cave and the curse where he literally watched himself decompose, he is unwilling to have another brush with death in such a short time period; he'll have to wait until the skele grow is ready and find a Death Eater that he doesn't care whether they live or die to test it on.

 

Fortunately, that list consists of practically every Death Eater except Evan and Barty, which will make things simple.

 

For the most part, though, the Dark Mark seems to be an original piece of magic which means that Regulus will also have to figure out how to create it and mimic it before he figures out how to remove it.

 

Literature on ink and its magical properties and the process of tattooing are easy to find; however, there is almost nothing on tattoos that connect people to each other and can be used to communicate as well as having a trigger when someone tries to remove it. So, Regulus has a lot of work to do.

 

Despite the intensity of his research on the dark mark, he's yet to make any significant progress.

 

 

The skele grow potion is finally finished in late October, and in the past week especially, Regulus has been unbearably restless as the prospect of having his leg back bubbles happily in the cauldron he prays he hasn't fucked up.

 

If it doesn't work, Regulus is going to scream.

 

The other problem with the skele grow is that it can't be mixed with any other potions, which means that Regulus has to detox from the pain potions he's been using to survive for the past 6 weeks.

 

He also can't just take dreamless sleep because that is also a potion, so when the skele grow is finished, he pours the correct dosage for growing back an entire leg in the flask, stores the rest away that he hopefully never has to use on himself again, and then puts the flask on his bedside table and makes himself a timer that hovers above his bed and counts down from 24 hours.

 

Regulus goes to write a poem, but after an hour, the pain is making it hard to concentrate, and after two, his eyes are watering too much to see the ink on the page.

 

He's only written two lines.

 

I see the light at the end of the tunnel,

is it an angel or merely the devil with a torch?

 

Sleep is out of the question, but by the fifth hour, Regulus is eyeing his headboard and wondering if he should slam his head against it to reach the blissful escape of unconsciousness.

 

Between the tenth and sixteenth hour, he passes out from the pain, and as the seventeenth hour passes into the eighteenth, he swears the pain has tripled.

 

The nineteenth and twentieth hours are spent sobbing helplessly, and the twenty-first and twenty-second are spent shaking with no tears left to cry.

 

There's a part of him that wants to call his brother for help, and the fact that he knows that Sirius would probably drop everything to be there for him, despite everything, is the only reason that he doesn't call him at all.

 

The further away from Regulus he is, the safer he is.

 

The twenty-third hour seems to last twenty-three years, and the twenty-fourth hour is spent watching the golden numbers above him tick down, minute by minute, second by second, as they get closer to zero.

 

At 5 minutes to go, Regulus sits up.

 

At 2 minutes to go, he drags himself to the edge of the bed.

 

At 30 seconds to go, he grabs the flask with shaky hands.

 

At 5 seconds to go, he brings it to his lips.

 

The second the clock hits zero, Regulus is chugging the potion down like his life depends on it, too far gone into pain and exhaustion fuelled delirium to notice the bitter, unpalatable taste.

 

The skele grow doesn't make the pain worse per se; it's just a different kind of prickly pain, like he's got pins and needles down all the way down the leg he doesn't have. It's uncomfortable at best and painful at worst, it doesn't compare in the slightest to the pain that came when he had no leg at all, so he finds it within himself to succumb to the fatigue thrumming through his bones and drift off to sleep.

 

He wakes up after 6 hours to see the outline of a leg that seems to just be a long sock of skin without any bones, nerves or muscles in it, and Regulus once again wants to throw up. Instead, he merely accioes a nerve regeneration draught, another blood replenishing potion, and glances longingly at the pain potion and the dreamless sleep that he knows he can't take until the skele grow has run its course.

 

Again, he's lucky to simply drift off for a few hours until the pins and needles flood through his entire body, leaving his body to tingle in suspense for something that never comes; it's simply a part of the process that Regulus endures until everything stops suddenly and Regulus looks up to see that he has two legs again.

 

He grabs his duvet, drops it unceremoniously over himself, and can't help but smile at the fact that he can feel the cotton and silk blend sheets resting on his calf. A sense of euphoria floods through him as he rolls his ankle and hears it click; usually, this would earn a grimace, but now he's just grateful to have bones to grate against each other at all.

 

He takes a quick lap around the room, slightly unsteady, having become unused to balancing all his weight on his own without a cane. However, he makes his way back to his bed where he rechecks the wards, adds a few more layers just in case and then swallows down the entire vial he owns of dreamless sleep.

 

It's 34 hours' worth of sleep, nearly triple the recommended dose, but Regulus would willingly fight anybody who thinks he doesn't deserve it.

 

So, without having any aching pains in his leg for the first time in weeks and rather ridiculously enjoying the sensation of having two legs again, the potion kicks in, and Regulus sleeps solidly and without interruptions for almost a day and a half.

 

When he wakes up, he walks around his tent again to get used to having his limbs back, and he can't help himself from casting a minor cutting hex on his palm and watching himself bleed. Eventually, he has to sit down, out of breath from laughing incredulously because it's like the past 7 weeks never happened at all.

 

Regulus basks in the stinging of the pain in his hand and watches as his blood continues to drip down his lifeline on his palm and curl around his wrist like a ceremonious crimson bracelet.

 

There's no inscription on it, but if his blood could be engraved, Regulus knows exactly what it would say.

 

You're alive.

 

Inferi can't bleed, and neither can Regulus if his flesh has decomposed, but now he is.

 

He's bleeding, and he loves it.

 

It's the only way he can prove that he's still alive.

 

His leg has returned, he's still alive despite everything, and he's no more at risk of spontaneously decomposing than anyone else, so Regulus lays back on the couch cushions and laughs and laughs and laughs.

 

Because he's alive.

 

He's gotten further in taking down Voldemort in 5 months than any witch or wizard ever has; if Voldemort made 7 horcruxes, then he's over a quarter of the way there.

 

2 down, no more than 5 to go.

 
Notes:

    Regulus is a snobby pretentious prat at all times

    Him getting offended and thinking the bartender is calling him 51 and him judging Voldemorts ring like his life depends on it? The characterisation is immaculate and you cannot change my mind.

Chapter 11: Chapter 10: November 1980
Summary:

    There's no love triangle in life, there's simply a love spider web.

Notes:

    Got the chapter out!!!

    It's over 12,500 words which is at least 4000 more words than i've ever written for a chapter so enjoy the extravaganza!!!

    There's lots happening this chapter, but I hope it all makes sense and that you enjoy it- there's also an awful lot of rosekiller which wasn't entirely plans but it seems like the opposite of a problem really.

    I've got a very busy week- It's my birthday tomorrow and I'm moving back home and have exams on Friday and Saturday before I start work next Monday, so I need you to bear with please while I figure out a new routine and figure out how long it'll take for me to get chapters out.

    I'm going to say next chapter up by next Tuesday just because I don't know how much spare time I'll have this week, but once again will update this if it's going to be later.

    Hope you enjoy and can't wait to read through your comments and theories hehe xx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

November 1980

 

Regulus wakes up with a pounding headache and wonders why until he rubs his face, feels the dried tear tracks on his cheeks, and the previous night comes flashing back to him.

 

Him and Sirius fighting,

 

His occlumency shields failing,

 

Him having a mental breakdown in his brothers’ arms.

 

He can’t believe he cried into his brothers’ arms.

 

And the worst part of it all isn’t even the crying or the hugging or all of the harsh truths he spilt out. It’s the fact that the last thing he remembers was sobbing on his bedroom floor even though he woke up in his bed, which means that his brother had to pick him up and tuck him in, once again posing the question: did the last decade even happen at all?

 

Regulus is visibly cringing with embarrassment, even in the privacy of his own room, as he goes to have a shower to wash away his breakdown. Then, he refuses to go to the kitchen where he knows Sirius is undoubtedly waiting for him.

 

He’s sure that Sirius hasn’t changed much from when they were kids when he loved talking about his feelings, but if Regulus wanted a nightmare, he would have gone back to sleep.

 

He creeps down the stairs, dodging all of the creaky floorboards, and sure enough, he can hear Sirius’ voice reverberating through the entire house as he talks with whoever else is awake in the kitchen as he waits for Regulus to show up.

 

Regulus personally believes that life is full of disappointments, so he adds another to Sirius’ life and doesn’t go downstairs. Instead, he simply goes into the most private and secluded corner of the library, pretends that he’s not hiding from his brother and keeps researching his hallows project.

 

There’s minimal information on hallows, and half of the wizarding world doesn’t even believe they exist in the first place.

 

The elder wand is supposed to be an unbeatable wand that apparently ensures the user could never lose a duel.

 

The resurrection stone is allegedly a stone that allows the user to communicate with those who they miss amongst the dead.

 

The cloak of invisibility is self-explanatory.

 

Despite Regulus’ interest in the hallows, a part of him believes them to be a crock of shit. 

 

Like, an unbeatable wand? Magical prowess is worth more than a wand in a duel, and the resurrection stone sounds rather far-fetched; what if someone looked at it and thought it was a random rock and just threw it away?

 

Still, Regulus is determined to find the origin of the fable, and once he has, he’ll find something else to obsess over.

 

No Voldemort.

 

No war.

 

Just Regulus and whatever he chooses to unhealthily obsess over.

 

 

Evan wakes up and wonders if he has a fever.

 

He’s warm. He’s so warm that compared to the Azkaban chill he’s used to, he almost feels like he’s been doused in boiling water.

 

The guards haven’t come through for breakfast yet, though he feels like he’s slept a lot later than 7am. Even if this is a fever dream, he’s enjoying hovering on the cusp of unconsciousness, too sleepy to open his eyes but not sleepy enough to drift off again.

 

He’s enjoying the sensations of the warmth; he must be really sick even though he knows that he’s going to be twice as cold when he recovers, and as he stretches out slightly, reaching for the cool wall of the cave to bring down his fever, he hits something warm and alive instead.

 

He jolts awake, any chance of drifting off again lost in a sharp burst of panic and confusion that has him flipping over violently, ready to fight until he catches sight of Barty, and every single emotion within him except pure contentment drains out of him like someone just pulled the plug.

 

There’s no fever.

 

He’s not in Azkaban.

 

He really is warm, in bed, with Barty.

 

The dementors can’t get him here, but even if they could, it wouldn’t matter. Evan has never cast a patronus before, he wonders if he’s got too much dark magic within him to cast such a light spell, but right here, right now with Barty, he thinks he could do it.

 

The way to cast a patronus and fight off a dementor is with your happiest memories, right?

 

And Evan is always happiest with Barty.

 

For now, all he does is watch Barty as he sleeps. It’s nothing new, they’ve done it hundreds of times before, but there’s a little thrill that goes through him every time he remembers that it’s his bed Barty’s sharing, not any of the other Death Eaters. 

 

Most got very intimately acquainted with Barty throughout the war, especially during the first month after Regulus’ death, where he spent all of his time trying not to think about Regulus by expelling his grief using murder and sex. Neither were problems to Evan; he loves a good murdering spree; when he and Barty join forces, they can take out a town in less than an hour, and the sex wasn’t a problem either.

 

The sex was the opposite of a problem really. Sex with Barty was fantastic; it took Evan to new dimensions he didn’t know existed.

 

The problem arose the next morning when Barty called Evan his best friend, and then went to stay at someone else’s house the following night.

 

But right here, right now, Barty is his, and a selfish part of him hopes that Barty continuing to associate with Regulus means that the other Death Eaters will see him as a traitor and refuse to sleep with him anymore.

 

Barty eventually wakes up, and like Evan, he seems to hover on the cusp of unconsciousness before something makes his eyes jolt open and his arms reach out instinctively towards Evan. His face seems to soften in relief as he realises that he’s not in danger? That he’s not still in Azkaban? Evan isn’t really sure, but a large part of him hopes that the relief Barty seemed to feel when he touched Evan’s arm was because he was happy Evan was here too.

 

He’s too far gone to not get his hopes up, but he’s come to terms with the fact that he will inevitably end up disappointed.

 

Barty is still staring at Evan with the same soft, relieved expression, but as his eyes move further up his body, the tension returns to him in full force as he realises that Evan is awake and watching him.

 

“You’re awake”, he blurts out inelegantly, to which Evan replies with an amused “no need to sound so disappointed.”

 

Barty shoves him back to his side of his bed and then gets up in a huff, seemingly in a mood about something, although he and Evan make jokes about dying all the time, so he has no idea why Barty seems so touchy about it today.

 

Maybe it’s the shock of Regulus coming back that the whole dying and disappearing thing is still a tender subject, but whatever.

 

They go downstairs and grimace in unison when they see Sirius and his friends in the kitchen, and Sirius returns the sentiment.

 

“Where’s Reggie?” he asks nervously, “have you seen him today?”

 

“Why do you think we’d tell you even if we had seen him?” Evan asks at the same time that Barty narrows his eyes and says, “what did you do to him?”

 

“What do you mean, what did I do to him?” Sirius asks offendedly, despite the fact that he did objectively do something to him by coming into his room in the first place, which caused the fight and resultant breakdown.

 

“You did something to him”, Barty says firmly before whirling around and saying, "come on, Evan. Time to find Reg and get him to let us kill his brother.”

 

“Can’t wait,” Evan says chirpily.

 

“Neither can I”, Sirius mutters from where he’s slouching in his chair in the kitchen, glaring at the Slytherins who have invaded his house as they go up the stairs.

 

 

Regulus hears the door open to the upper floor of the library and the pair of footsteps that he immediately identifies, although he still doesn’t want anything to do with them. He knows the conversation is going to go one of two ways, neither of which he wants to deal with at all, let alone after last night.

 

As per usual, life disappoints him as Evan and Barty find the table by the bookshelf he’s hiding behind and slip into the seats in front of him in perfect sync.

 

Regulus sighs.

 

“What did your brother do to you?” Barty begins without finesse, staring into Regulus’ soul, who answers, “what do you mean, what did he do to me?” For some reason, this makes Barty and Evan glance at each other with a look of shared amusement.

 

“I mean”, Barty emphasises, “why does your brother look like he’s scared you hate him and why are you avoiding the question.”

 

“I’m not avoiding a question if there’s no answer,” Regulus says carelessly, but he’d forgotten how stubborn Barty can be.

 

“There is an answer though”, Barty says knowingly. “If you had a fight, you would have already cursed him, but you’re hiding from him, aren’t you?”

 

“No”, Regulus bites out, deeply regretting ever dating Barty, which lead to the fact that he can still read parts of him perfectly, despite everything.

 

“Oh, you are”, Evan chimes in, looking delighted, “if I didn’t know any better, I’d say you used your feelings last night instead of curses, and now you’re too embarrassed that he knows you have them.”

 

“I think you’re right, Evan,” Barty adds gleefully. “Are we right, Reg?”

 

Regulus doesn’t reply verbally, but he scowls and sends stinging hexes at each of them, which rather ridiculously makes Evan and Barty grin triumphantly.

 

“What did you say then?” Barty asks, “did you tell him you love him? Did you tell him you missed him? I can’t imagine why you’d do either, but I never quite understood you.”

 

“No to both”, Regulus bites out again, “now drop it.”

 

Of course, neither of them does.

 

“Did you fight him?”

 

“Did you hug him?”

 

“Did you tell him he’s a bastard?”

 

“Did he cry?”

 

“Did you cry?”

 

Regulus can’t help the slight wince that crosses his face at the last question or the slight flush of embarrassment that spreads across his cheeks, and his answer in lieu of a verbal response makes Evan and Barty stop their questioning altogether, simply staring at him in shock.

 

“You cried? You cried to your brother?” Evan asks disbelievingly as Barty adds, “I didn’t even know you could, to be honest.”

 

“I said drop it”, Regulus mutters, glaring at the pair of them, who are unperturbed by its intensity and simply give him mirror expressions of amusement.

 

“I fucking hate the pair of you”, Regulus bursts out frustratedly, and then he gathers his notes, stalks out of the room and finds a seat in another nook of the main library, praying nobody finds him again.

 

Evan's amused remark of "there goes our little social butterfly" follows him as he practically stomps down the stairs.

 

20 minutes later, Regulus is disappointed as more people he doesn’t want to see show up. While they’re not Sirius which would have really made the day shit, they’re still Gryffindors.

 

“Regulus!” James says brightly.

 

“Your voice is grating on my eardrums,” Regulus snarls.

 

“Well, that wasn’t very pureblood of you”, Remus adds, smirking. “Sirius is looking for you– “

 

Remus’ mouth disappears like James’ did a few weeks ago, and he gestures in pure outrage and bewilderment in the same wild manner that James had.

 

“I’m not talking about my brother, and if this is all you’re here for, then you can fuck off,” Regulus states angrily before he pauses and adds, “no, I’ve changed my mind. You can fuck off regardless.”

 

“We’re not leaving until you give Remus his mouth back.”

 

“If you ask again, I’ll remove yours too.”

 

“Uhhhhhhh –“ James begins hesitantly, torn between his loyalty to Remus to keep trying to literally let him speak again and the ever-growing mess of feelings that he has for Regulus that he desperately wants to unravel.

 

“Sorry Remus”, he says quickly, “give me a minute and then I’ll work on the counter curse for you.”

 

If Remus had a mouth, it would have dropped open in indignant shock and betrayal, but he has to settle for glaring incredulously at James, who just gives him a sheepish smile and turns back to Regulus.

 

“So”, he begins casually, “how are you?”

 

“Awful”, Regulus replies, rolling his eyes at how James looks genuinely upset by his answer.

 

“Why?” James asks, not knowing how he can help but knowing he would do anything Regulus asked of him to make it better.

 

“It’s a long, long list, Potter”, Regulus says sardonically. “I’m alive, I’m having a conversation with Gryffindors, I’m trying to research the origins of a fable that may not exist; take your fucking pick.”

 

“What’s wrong with Gryffindors?” James says, almost wounded, before following it up with, “what fable? I’m a pureblood, so maybe I’ll have a good insight on it.”

 

“I’m also a pureblood?” Regulus replies impatiently.

 

“We are two very different purebloods Regulus,” James shoots back before he realises what he’s said and steps back with his eyes wide.

 

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to say that. There’s nothing wrong with, you know, the Black family and being a Slytherin. I mean there is a lot wrong with it, but not because of you, it’s just, you know –“

 

Remus still can’t talk, but his elbows work fine, and he shoves James sharply in the side with a look that clearly says shut up and save yourself while you still can.

 

Regulus thinks he should be unimpressed at best at the panicked stuttering James is doing, but for some unknown reason, it's slightly entertaining, so he doesn’t remove his mouth to shut him up.

 

Instead, he looks calculatingly at James and says, “if you tell me one good bit of information about the deathly hallows, I’ll give Lupin his mouth back.”

 

Remus looks devastated that his one chance of being able to speak again is resting on James’ ancient pureblood literature knowledge, and Regulus almost looks pleased with the way the day is going to turn out. Out of nowhere, though, James says thoughtfully, “the deathly hallows, you mean like in the tale of the three brothers? Well, it’s said that the first world war between Grindelwald and Dumbledore was over the elder wand, but it was never proven for sure. That’s how Grindelwald got so powerful, wasn’t it? Is that what you mean?”

 

Regulus’ head snaps up from where he was staring at Remus in dark amusement and looks at James in apparent shock, where he sees James' hazel eyes already looking at him. 

 

“What?” he asks sharply, ripping his eyes away from James, “If you’re lying, I will cut your leg off. Was that true?”

 

“Don’t cut my leg off, it would hurt –“ James whines.

 

“Yes, yes, I know intimately how much it does," Regulus says impatiently, "now is what you just said true?”

 

“Yes?” James replies hesitantly, hoping he’s said the correct answer. “I overheard my parents talking about it one day –“

 

“Lupin, it’s your lucky day; looks like Potter is good for something after all”, Regulus says, cutting James off, whose face lights up at the compliment. With a wave of his wand, Remus has his mouth back, and Regulus crosses the room towards the door.

 

“Where are you going?” James blurts out, unwilling to watch Regulus leave without him again.

 

“Out.”

 

“Out where?”

 

“None of your fucking business.”

 

“You can’t do what you want when you want, Regulus. The law exists for a reason –“

 

“Oh, I always did what I wanted, Potter, regardless of legality. Now that I’m a war hero, though, people let me,” and then he walks out of the library.

 

“What the fuck just happened? Remus says incredulously before he mutters, “Oh, I chose the right Black brother to date, alright.”

 

I chose the right Black brother to date, alright  James’ mind echoes as he goes to the doorway and watches Regulus walk up the stairs into his room and wishes that one day he’ll be allowed inside.

 

 

Regulus closes his door behind him, makes sure Sirius hasn’t snuck in and hidden anywhere to ambush him to talk about their feelings again, and then loses his shit in the best way possible.

 

The elder wand has some relation to Dumbledore and Grindelwald? Regulus wasn’t expecting Potter to know anything about it, maybe an “oh yeah, I read that story when I was a kid”, but a rumoured trace of where the elder wand is and someone who has a direct link to it?

 

He’s literally losing his mind.

 

He never expected Potter to surprise him, but he has. He assumed that Potter was going to be a stereotypical stupid Gryffindor who would always be his enemy, but maybe Regulus was wrong.

 

Maybe Potter will surprise him and be someone else than who he had envisaged him to be.

 

In any case, Regulus needs to stop thinking about James Potter, whose close proximity to him in the house has made him bounce around Regulus’ brain far more than he wants him to.

 

His memories and emotions are still a bit of a mess after having them all released last night, so he can’t quite figure out what feeling he associates with him, but he’s sure it's hate.

 

That’s what it’s been for the past 8 years, and he can’t see why it would ever change.

 

He changes his robes into a formal set of travelling robes; he doesn’t want to have poor attire holding him back from getting where he wants, not that any of his clothes could be classed as underdressed, and he walks downstairs, ready to go out the front door and leave.

 

Unfortunately, he runs into Sirius, who seems to simultaneously soften in relief that he’s seen him and tense as he notices that he’s going somewhere, but once again, Regulus just, can’t right now.

 

Any serious conversation he’s going to have with Sirius will end in injuries or breakdowns, both of which are equally undesirable, so their conversation is very short.

 

“Hey Reggie, can we –“

 

“No”, and then Regulus walks out the front door and disapparates, ignoring the way Sirius is calling his name.

 

“Reggie? Reggie!” he calls out into the wind. “Where the fuck did you just go? You better come back.”

 

Remus rounds the corner and wraps his arm around Sirius’ shoulders, “I’m sure he’ll be back soon, Pads. He can look after himself, so no need to worry.”

 

“Yeah”, Sirius says unconvincingly. “How far can he go anyways?

 

 

Regulus lands in Norway and scowls at the snow that is falling down quick and heavy.

 

I fucking hate winter,  he thinks as he miserably casts a warming charm that still doesn’t get rid of the chill.

 

Still, he’s getting what he came here for, so he reluctantly trudges through the snow, which is already up to his ankles and would have seeped through the top of his boots if he hadn’t cast an impervious charm on them. He uses the limited amount of Norwegian he knows to complain to himself about how cold the country is and how much he hates winter. He’s doing it quietly, but he doesn’t care if anyone overhears; they deserve to know the truth.

 

It takes him another 25 minutes of walking through the freezing air until he arrives where he wants to go, and then he walks straight through the front door of the building.

 

“Can I help you?” The receptionist asks, who looks to be a girl about 20 or so.

 

“I’m here to visit Gellert Grindelwald.”

 

 

Nurmengard is a bleak place that reminds Regulus uncomfortably of Azkaban.

 

The two places are incomparable for the most part; Nurmengard is like a palace in comparison, but they have the same metaphorical chill that Regulus hasn’t quite forgotten. 

 

He’s sure Evan hasn’t, either.

 

Regulus prays that this prison won’t make his day end a breakdown either. He would die happy if he never experienced that again, and he thinks he would actually die if Sirius watched him do it for a second time.

 

He’s here now in Norway, he’s ready for answers in whatever form they exist in. He’s getting them –

 

“I’m sorry, Sir, but we don’t allow just anybody to visit the prisoners. You’ll have to get approval from a judge and go through the courts to state your reason,” she finishes apologetically.

 

Regulus is getting his answers, and he’s frustrated that he can’t torture the girl to get them. Although if he gets arrested, maybe he’ll be in the same cell as Grindelwald and –

 

No.

 

No.

 

What a stupid idea; Regulus will name it plan B.

 

Plan A is his last hope to keep him out of prison.

 

“I’m not just anybody”, Regulus says boldly, bullshitting his way through what he hopes might convince her to let him through. “Do people of special status not get special privileges?”

 

The girl at the desk is unimpressed. “Tell me your name, and I’ll see what I can do. You’re obviously British, so I can’t tell why your name would have made it to Norway but go on, wow me.”

 

“My name is Regulus Arcturus Black.”

 

The girl's mouth drops open. 

 

“Oh my god, are you really? I read about you in the paper, you know, it was so brave what you did.”

 

Regulus’ eyebrows are slowly raising in genuine astonishment, but the girl isn’t done.

 

“I’ve actually pinned a couple of your articles against my bedroom wall, and I’m so excited to read your interview in the Daily Prophet. It doesn’t even report on Norwegian news, but all of my friends and I have subscribed just so we can read the articles about you.”

 

“Really?” Regulus says blankly. He really has no idea what to do in this situation; the only girls he ever hung out with at school were Dorcas and Pandora, and he always knew exactly where he stood with them, even if Pandora told him so in rather unorthodox ways. 

 

Regulus doesn’t know if it's Norwegian people or just women in general, but he is so helplessly lost.

 

“Well,” he says, ignoring the weird and borderline creepy flattery, “can I go visit Grindelwald then?”

 

The girl is still hesitating slightly, so he sighs, regrets the fact that he can’t use torture in prison, and adds, “it’s for the war effort, you see. If you help me now, I’ll mention you by name in my interview with the Prophet.”

 

This is the right move, as the girl literally giggles with excitement which Regulus desperately tries to suppress his wince at. He gestures helplessly towards the security standing by the door to the prison cells saying, “so, can I go?”

 

She glances around nervously and says, “if I say yes can I get your autograph?”

 

What the fuck?  Regulus thinks, completely lost. “If I see who I want to see, then you can get it on my way out”, and then he raises an eyebrow and gestures his head towards the prison cells. The girl nods frantically, willing to do anything that The Regulus Black asks of her.

 

He walks straight towards security, who checks his wand against his magical signature. Their eyes also widen in shock and awe at The Regulus Black standing in front of them, but they’re professional enough to let him pass even though Regulus can’t quite tell if he’s breaking the rules by going through the doors or not.

 

The guards direct him down a long corridor and tell him to turn left, and he finds cell number 14, which has had its wards adjusted so that Regulus can enter the room.

 

“Gellert Grindelwald,” Regulus drawls, leaning casually against the doorframe.

 

“I don’t know who you are, but you’re a Black for sure,” Grindelwald replies, raising an eyebrow.

 

“Correct, my name is Regulus Black, and I hear you have information about the elder wand.”

 

Every trace of humour slides off Grindelwald’s face, and Regulus smirks inwardly.

 

“So tell me what you know.”

 

Grindelwald is just staring at him, an unidentifiable emotion on his face. Regulus knows that Grindelwald, like him, is a Slytherin which means that he has to make him find an incentive to convince him to share information.

 

All Regulus knows about him is that he may or may not know where the elder wand is and that he apparently had some kind of whirlwind romance with Dumbledore during their reign together before Dumbledore defeated him and got him sent to prison.

 

Hmm.

 

Grindelwald is still not answering, so Regulus starts his persuasion strategies which are just thinly veiled threats and manipulation in disguise.

 

“Has Dumbledore been in to see you at all?” He begins casually, twirling his wand between his fingers even though he knows he can’t use magic in the cell.

 

Grindelwald’s eyes flash with something that looks almost like anger, but Regulus can’t quite tell who it’s directed at. His wondering is solved shortly afterwards when Grindelwald barks out, “don’t mention that name in my presence; he’s the reason I’m in here and never getting out.”

 

He seems to like Dumbledore almost as much as me, Regulus thinks, pleased.

 

“And the reason you’re stuck here is related to the elder wand?”

 

“Give me one good reason to tell you anything.”

 

“I hate Dumbledore as much as you, it seems.”

 

“Impossible.”

 

“I could say the same.”

 

“Would you watch him crash and burn?”

 

“Gladly.”

 

“Would you make him crash and burn?”

 

“Without hesitation.”

 

“Would you kill him if it came to it?”

 

“He deserves to rot in prison, but his murder would leave me guilt free.”

 

The rapid fire of questions and answers lulls slightly, so Regulus adds, “I’ve already started slandering him in the paper and bringing up our questionable past and his prejudice against Slytherins. If you have more evidence against him, then I’ll gladly use it as ammunition in the war I’ve started against him,” and then he’s staring at Grindelwald,

 

Waiting,

 

Pleading,

 

Praying.

 

“We were in love”, Grindelwald begins on a seemingly non-sequitur. Regulus wants to throttle him and tell him that he doesn’t care in the slightest, but he also doesn’t want to jinx himself and lose any answers he has the potential to receive.

 

“We were going to rule Wizarding Britain together, it had always been our dream to become a partnership, and part of that came from the hallows.

 

If we shared ownership of the elder wand, we’d be unbeatable. Nobody would be able to take over our reign, and we managed to track it down through the Scamander family, with whom we had gone to school and had a cousin or something researching them.

 

We told him we’d join forces, but we just waited until he found it and then took it off him.

 

Albus was the one who disarmed him, and we were all ready to complete the ritual that he had found from death to allow us to co-own it. He pointed the wand at me to cast the spell to bond us and share ownership, but there was no ritual. It was a stunner spell.

 

3 days later, I woke up here, and it’s been over 60 years. I stopped loving him after 17 years, and I’ve spent the past 43 years wanting revenge.

 

So don’t disappoint me, boy.”

 

Regulus is reeling from the onslaught of information and has to ensure he understands this right.

 

“To clarify,” he begins, “Dumbledore is the master of the elder wand, yes?”

 

“Unless someone’s successfully disarmed him, then yes,” Grindelwald says, frowning heavily and evidently wishing it was him who did it.

 

“And can you describe the wand for me,” Regulus asks almost breathlessly. “It's long with knobbly ridges across it, right?”

 

Grindelwald nods. 

 

“And the colour? Can you tell me the colour?” Regulus asks strained, seconds away from hysterical laughter that he can’t hold back as Grindelwald looks up at him and speaks.

 

“Pale ebony.”

 

Regulus once again loses his shit in the best way possible.

 

He’s laughing hysterically, uncaring that Grindelwald is watching him like he’s an animal in a zoo, and he can barely catch his breath as the realisation hits him.

 

He’s the master of the fucking elder wand, and he didn’t even mean to become it.

 

Does Dumbledore still have it? Does Dumbledore know that it won’t answer to him anymore? Who knows?

 

Regulus can’t wait for tomorrow, which is a Thursday which means there's another Order meeting. He apparently became a member when he ended the war, even though he vehemently denies any involvement or cooperation.

 

He’s there to learn new information and slander Dumbledore.

 

Nothing else.

 

But tomorrow, he’s going to be watching Dumbledore and his wand very closely to see what it looks like and if it fits the fable that is much closer to reality than Regulus has envisaged. He’s going to see how it reacts to Dumbledore’s magic and, more importantly, how it reacts to Regulus.

 

“It’s been a pleasure”, Regulus says genuinely, getting up to shake Grindelwald’s hand. “Keep an eye out on the Prophet for the next few months; I’m sure you’ll enjoy all of the content I provide for them,” and then he walks out of the cell without waiting for a response.

 

He’s the master of the elder wand.

 

He the master of the elder wand.

 

He the master of the elder wand.

 

Regulus is so caught up in his own head that he barely notices the route back past the cells and through the reception until a familiar and sickeningly sweet voice rings in his ears.

 

“Regulus Black”, the receptionist almost squeals, “can I still have your autograph? Did you get what you came here for?”

 

“No”, Regulus says bluntly, not specifying which question he’s replying to. He doesn’t know why the girl won’t stop bothering him. He wishes she would go away, he has no idea what she wants or why she won’t shut up, so he keeps heading for the exit when –

 

“Wait”, she calls desperately, “you never got my name. My name is Elana Hansen, but you can call me Elana Black –“

 

Oh fuck, that’s what she wants from him.

 

Regulus shoots her another wide-eyed and panicked look back at her and practically runs out of the building.

 

He trudges back through the snow that is still falling heavily, but he barely notices. He’s still buzzing from the realisation that he’s literally the master of the elder wand.

 

Regulus feels like he is bragging or celebrating or doing something to commemorate the occasion, but the only thought that is bouncing around his head is what the actual fuck?

 

He reaches the international apparation point in seemingly no time at all, purely because he’s so wrapped up in his thoughts that he’s not entirely aware of time passing. As he apparates back to Grimmauld Place and walks through the front door, he wonders what he missed in his absence.

 

 

Sirius had glanced forlornly towards the square as though Regulus was going to reappear amongst the snowfall, but Remus had gently dragged him back into the house, and he, Sirius and James had settled down in the sitting room to watch a movie together. When Sirius had reinherited the house, he had insisted on buying a TV and making Remus figure out how to charm it to work without electricity.

 

Evan and Barty, however, had heard the crack of Regulus' disapparation and knew exactly what he was doing; it was what he did best, after all.

 

Ignoring the emotions that he doesn't want to deal with by finding literally any other outlet to distract him, which was unhealthy at best when he was sixteen, and is probably self-destructive and only increasing the trauma now that he's nineteen and has both been through and won a war on his own.

 

In any case, Barty thinks that Regulus hasn't intrinsically changed too much from when they were dating, which means he knows exactly what would be a healthy outlet for his complicated emotions that made him cry to his brother. They're going to go back to when they were sixteen and go raiding.

 

They could pick a random muggle town, but it should be a momentous occasion; partly to cheer Regulus up because his other method of emotional repression is covering his hurt with defensive anger, and neither Barty nor Evan are in the mood to be cursed for breathing at a volume that annoyed Regulus, and partly because despite everything, they're all alive, and that deserves to be celebrated.

 

"Thoughts on Regulus becoming a traitor?" Evan says out of nowhere, raising an eyebrow in question at Barty.

 

Barty thinks about it for a long moment and says, "rather have him as a traitor than not have him at all," and Evan simply nods in response.

 

"I should have known he would do something like this", Evan says, "dying at sixteen just didn't fit for him, but starting a revolution by accident and then wanting nothing to do with it? That's Reg through and through."

 

"Yeah", Barty adds, "plus as much as I liked working for the Dark Lord, you can't deny that the marks were fucking ugly."

 

"I won't argue with that", Evan says, and they both sit in silence until another thought occurs to him, and he laughs.

 

"What?" Barty asks, and Evan keeps laughing in disbelief as he looks down at their arms and says, "Regulus made us traitors too by removing our marks, so we're all traitors now."

 

"Well" is all Barty says in response. 

 

"Well," Evan repeats. "Now, where are we going to cheer him up?"

 

There's a long silence until Barty's eyes light up, and says, "I know how we can kill three birds with one stone –"

 

"That's not the saying –"

 

"It's reality, baby," he replies carelessly. "We're going to get Regulus out of his misery over his stupid brother, go out and do some friendship bonding, and we're going to avenge you while we're at it. Now tell me how that's not three birds with one stone."

 

Evan sighs exasperatedly with a hint of fondness he tries to hide as he says, "Oh, do indulge me, Barty."

 

Barty stands up, clears his throat dramatically, and says, "we're going to hunt down everybody who had a hand in putting you in Azkaban and kill them all."

 

Evan desperately wants to have a hand in this, but there's still a small part of him that is terrified of being caught and returning. Regulus cleared his name of all charges, but he doesn't think that gives him a free pass to be a criminal for the rest of his life.

 

Barty notices, and his eyes instantly narrow.

 

"No, do not tell me that you are embracing the life of being a traitor. The Dark Mark being removed from our arms did not give us morals, and we are not about to start having them. Yeah, Regulus made us traitors, but that does not mean we need to act like one –" he cuts himself off from his rant as he notices how solemnly Evan is staring at him.

 

This isn't about morals, or traitors or tattoos, this is about something deeper, but Evan doesn't usually have deep emotions like this. Regulus did, but he never talked about it when they were dating, and any time Barty pried something out of him, Regulus refused to elaborate. Because of this, Barty never really learnt how to deal with emotions like this, and now some irrational part of him is terrified of screwing it up.

 

"Evan?" he asks cautiously, hoping he's more forthcoming than Regulus because he doesn't want to wait until Evan has dealt with the problem on his own until he even admits he was having problems at all.

 

Luckily Evan and Regulus do their emotions differently.

 

"I don't want to go back," Evan breathes out, and Barty understands instantly. He's literally been out of prison for less than 2 days, but Barty had nearly forgotten he went at all because he's here now, just him and Evan like it's always been.

 

"You're not going back", Barty says firmly, believing it entirely and willing to do anything it takes to keep Evan out, even if it means dousing himself in petrol and lighting the match just so he's the one who burns. He also knows that as poorly as Regulus expresses it, he cares about them both and would probably say he loved them if he had the emotional capacity to do so. If he got Evan out of prison before, then he's sure that he would do anything to get him out again.

 

He's literally Britain's war hero; Barty could probably blow up the entire world, and Regulus could still find a way to waive his punishment. 

 

He just needs Evan to see it too.

 

"You're not going back", he repeats, looking Evan in the eye, "I promise –"

 

"You can't promise that."

 

"I promise," Barty stresses. "I promise that you're out, and I promise that you're staying out. And if we get rid of everybody who put you there in the first place, then there'll be no one left to try," he finishes using all of his powers of deductive reason. 

 

Evan nods, ignoring the warm pulse in his chest, and says, "well, how could I deny you after that thrilling speech? Have you thought about how we will find out who they were, though? I think only the light would know anything about that and they're sure as hell not going to tell us –"

 

"Don't worry about that", Barty says confidently, "leave it to me."

 

 

James is sitting in the lounge watching TV, but when he gets up and goes to the kitchen to get a glass of water, he finds Barty waiting for him.

 

"Hello?" James says cautiously.

 

"Sit, Potter," Barty says, smiling, repeating himself more forcefully and pointing to a chair as James hesitates, "Potter, I said sit."

 

"I'm not a dog, Crouch", James replies indignantly, even though he does what he's told. "Now, what could you possibly have to talk to me about?" he asks in slight disbelief that Barty is even talking to him at all.

 

Usually, James greets Barty, and Barty ignores him, so he's both nervous and intrigued to see what Barty would have sat him down to talk to him about.

 

"You like Regulus," Barty says without preamble, and James can't do anything except drop his mouth open in shock, and by the time he's realised that he should be stuttering out some form of denial, it's already too late.

 

Barty smirks triumphantly.

 

"How did you know?" James sighs. Denial isn't going to save him now, so it's better he prepares himself to deal with whatever Barty is going to do with this newfound knowledge.

 

Barty looks unimpressed at his question. 

 

"I recognised the signs, of course. I had a crush on him long before you did." He pauses and smirks nastily at James and says, "he did actually choose to date me, which I think you'd be hard-pressed to achieve, but you know –"

 

"Did you ask me here for a reason, or was it just to rub it in my face that you once had everything I wanted?" James bites out, jealously rearing up within him, leaving an ugly mess in the wake of his sentence. 

 

Barty is unperturbed by it; if anything, he looks rather delighted that he can have this effect on James.

 

"As much fun as it is knowing that anything you could ever want to do with Reg, I've already done", and relishing in the way James' body stiffens and his knuckles are white from where they're grasping his wand so tightly, "I believe you can offer me a deal." 

 

James breaks out of his jealousy slightly and replaces it with confusion because, what?

 

"A deal?" James asks blankly, "a deal about what?"

 

"A deal where you give me information that I will use to cheer up Regulus after whatever his disaster of his brother did to him. If the information turns out to be correct, I will tell him where I got it from, and his low, low view of you may rise slightly. Is it a deal?"

 

"Hang on," James bursts out. "What do you mean his viewpoint of me is already low?" He asks, thinking of the time Regulus told him he had given him his brother. "Regulus likes me. He hasn't hexed me in six days and –"

 

"That means shit all, Potter," Barty interrupts. "The first time I saw Reg after his alleged death, we almost killed each other with our bare hands. Of course, we had sex shortly after that, which I'm sure you heard –"

 

"Shut up", James bursts out angrily. "Shut up, okay? I get the point. You're better than me in every way, and Regulus is never going to like me. Yes, thank you, I get it." 

 

He pauses, breathing heavily and glaring at Barty before saying, "what information did you want? That might make Regulus, you know, like me back?"

 

"I said he'll raise his opinion of you, Potter, I never said he'll like you back", Barty replies bluntly before saying, "tell me everybody who was involved in locking Evan in prison."

 

There is only one person that James can think of. Somewhat ridiculously, he can't help but want to protect them from whatever the Slytherins are likely to do to him, even though Barty, of all people, has a right to know.

 

"Apart from Dumbledore, there was only one person who had a strong influence on it. He was the one who suggested Rosier get locked up for life, and Dumbledore agreed; they both decided it wasn't necessary for a trial. It almost seemed like he had, you know, an ulterior motive."

 

Something akin to hypocritical betrayal bubbles in Barty's gut, and a feeling of unwanted realisation trickles down his spine.

 

"Who was it, Potter?" he demands, his theory becoming more and more concrete as Potter looks at him, a literal Death Eater with pity in his gaze, still hesitating.

 

"Potter, I said, tell me!"

 

"I'm sorry."

 

"Tell me!"

 

"I'm sorry –"

 

"Fucking tell me!"

 

A long pause …

 

"It was your dad." 

 

 

Regulus walks through the front door and is immediately accosted by Sirius, who looks half furious that he left and half relieved that he came back at all.

 

"Reggie, where the fuck did you go? Are you okay? Why do you look like someone's died?" A long pause, then, "did someone die?"

 

"I fucking hate winter", Regulus replies, although Sirius can't tell what that's supposed to answer.

 

"Where did you go?"

 

"Norway."

 

"Norway?" James echoes incredulously, having just come into the room.

 

"Do you need hearing aids as well as glasses, Potter?" Regulus says scathingly.

 

"Reggie, what the fuck do you mean you went to Norway?" Sirius bursts in.

 

"I mean, I went to Norway; how thick can you get Sirius?"

 

"If you apparated to Norway, you should've collapsed from magical exhaustion and splinched yourself. What would you have done if you had? What would you have done if you landed in Norway and thought oh fuck, I'm literally missing a leg?"

 

"I would talk a vial of skele grow that I carry around at all times for that exact purpose," Regulus says slowly, like he's explaining a fundamental concept that Sirius should have learnt years ago.

 

"What the hell made you decide that was necessary?" Sirius asks in disbelief. He understands being prepared but to this extent?

 

"Probably the time I lost a leg and had to wait six weeks to brew a new batch until I could grow it back", Regulus says like the answer is obvious, and then he leaves the room.

 

"Reggie, what the fuck?" Sirius asks the silence.

 

There's no reply.

 

 

Regulus stalks up to his room, ready to have a hot shower and try to figure out how to come to terms with the fact that he's the literal master of the elder wand, but when he enters, two people are sitting on the edge of his bed waiting for him.

 

"Finally," Evan says impatiently.

 

"Been off shagging someone, have you?" Barty asks amusedly.

 

"Fuck off, will you?" Regulus replies without bothering with pleasantries.

 

Neither seems affected by his sharpness, and Barty's eyes are gleaming with excitement as he says, "okay, I can finally tell you, I have killed three birds with one stone for us -" his sentence being cut off by two different voices,

 

"I told you that's not how the saying goes."

 

And

 

"How did you hit three owls at once?"

 

Barty ignores the pair of them entirely, clearly enunciating, "I have killed three birds with one stone."

 

Two unimpressed glances are given to him as he elaborates, "We're the birds, and I'm also the stone. Do you get it now?"

 

"You're about to kill us all?" Regulus asks slowly, genuinely lost and almost regretting announcing to the world that he's still not dead.

 

"No!" Barty cries out, frustrated that they're not understanding. "We are the birds, I am the stone, the birds are our problems, and I am the solution. Do you get it now?" he asks impatiently, staring at Regulus and Evan, who share a glance of confusion, look back at Barty in sync and say, "no."

 

"Oh, for fucks sake, that was a good analogy", Barty mutters before finally explaining what he's actually talking about.

 

"Evan, you don't want to be sent back to Azkaban. Regulus, you need to be cheered up after whatever shit you had to deal with from your brother last night. And me, well, I hate my father, who is the common point between all of us. He sent Evan to prison, and Reg and I both hate him, so win-win. We're going to go and kill him so that we all feel better."

 

"He fucking what? How did you find this out?" Regulus asks, a deadly shade of anger flashing in his eyes.

 

"Potter told me actually, or rather he told me to tell you," and a pair of hazel eyes appear in his mind, accompanied by a warm pulse in his chest. It quickly turns into rage as he processes everything else Barty said, looks at Evan on the edge of his bed and only sees him on the floor of an Azkaban cell. 

 

"Oh, I should have killed him when I had the chance."

 

"When the fuck were you talking to my father?" Barty bursts out murderously, but Regulus just looks at him with a look that clearly says chill the fuck out as he says, "the list of people I didn't interrogate throughout the war is a very short list, Barty."

 

Barty thinks this over for a moment.

 

"Did you hurt him?"

 

"Yes."

 

"Did you torture him?"

 

"Yes."

 

"Oh Regulus, you do love me after all. Let's go finish the job."

 

"You can join me in the dead parents club Barty, let's go back to sixteen again", and then they grab their wands and floo to Barty's father's house through the sitting room fireplace.

 

The marauders watch them go with their bright smiles and menacing glints in their eyes and have a sense of trepidation in their stomachs as they wait for their return.

 

Bartemius Crouch Senior is not home when the Slytherins arrive, so they just sit on the couch in Barty's childhood home that he never talks about, and fill each other in on their experiences in the war.

 

It's more Barty talks, asks Regulus questions that he doesn't answer and then talks some more, but it passes the time for a few hours until the floo turns green and Barty sees his father for the first time in over 2 years.

 

Regulus has him sat on a chair, bound and disarmed within a second, which makes Barty and Evan glance at him in shock.

 

They knew he was good at magic and that he'd won the war, but Regulus hasn't gone into detail about how it happened.

 

Evidently, sharp reflexes and many interrogations were a crucial part of it.

 

"What are you – Regulus Black, you're on our side, what–" 

 

His voice cuts off the instant he sees Barty sitting casually on the sofa, even though his body is stiff as a wire.

 

"Hello father."

 

All the blood drains from his face as he takes in the two Death Eaters and one ex-Death Eater standing before him and evidently not here to set him free.

 

"You never were, and you never will be my son."

 

Evan casts the cruciatus curse without hesitation. It's like a reflex, he's unwilling to hear such shit, and he holds it for over a minute until his anger has started to recede. As much fun as it would be to torture him into insanity, they can make it more fun if they take him apart piece by piece until he begs for death.

 

Even then, they might not give it to him.

 

He cancels the spell and looks at Barty, who is looking at him with both his eyebrows raised, but he's definitely pleased, so he doesn't see Regulus on his other side, who is looking at him with a knowing expression on his face.

 

Regulus recognises the look in Evan's eye as the same one he had all the way through fourth year when he was crushing on Barty, and looking at Evan now is like looking in a mirror that shows his fourteen year old self.

 

Oh, I can have fun with this, he thinks, pleased.

 

He's pulled out of his amused revelations as Barty sends a small repertoire of spells at his father and says, "you can't disown me if I've already left the family." Then he casts a dark cutting hex that opens wounds all over his body but doesn't let him bleed out, leaving him to suffer the eternal sensation of blood loss.

 

There's no counter curse to that spell, so the only way for it to stop is for Crouch Senior to die.

 

He seems to realise that he is in his last moments and looks desperately at Regulus, saying, "Black, you're our esteemed war hero. You aren't associating with these heathens, are you? I know you'd never do this."

 

Barty looks willing to curse his father for the nerve of his statements, but Regulus stops him and points his wand at Crouch Senior.

 

Crouch Senior looks relieved as though he's going to save him, Barty and Evan assume he's going to end him, but Regulus does neither.

 

He simply casts the spell to reverse the oblivation spell, and Crouch Senior shudders in his chair for a few seconds until he looks at Regulus with new, horror-filled, frightened eyes.

 

"You! You took my memories! You cut off both my arms so I couldn't reach my wand. You tortured me for information –"

 

"How else do you think I won the war?" Regulus cuts in coolly. "I know you think I'm a hero, but I went into the war the same way I came out of it: with a dark mark on my arm and dark magic in my body."  

 

He casts fiendfyre, one of the darkest curses known to wizardkind that burns the armchair Crouch Senior is sitting on, burning, but not melting his skin in the process. When the chair has been reduced to ash, and Crouch Senior is lying on the floor, still bound, burnt and bleeding, Regulus cancels the spell.

 

"Holy shit, Reg, you're fucking inspirational," Barty says wide-eyed before returning his attention to his father and two cutting curses later, Bartemius Crouch Senior is missing both arms.

 

He screams in pain, and Regulus just smiles and says, "déjà vu?"

 

Curses are flying, Crouch Senior is screaming, and blood is spattered across everyone and everything in the room.

 

"You're straight to hell", Crouch Senior rasps to Barty, who merely laughs.

 

"Because I'm a Death Eater?" Barty asks. "Because I've fucked men? Because I'm about to kill my own father? I'm going to keep doing all of that and go to hell where I'll dance with the devil for the rest of my life –"

 

"No man would sleep with a sodomite like you –"

 

"I did, actually. It was an excellent time, I hope you know. I was so very grateful for every opportunity," Regulus says brightly, feeling slightly bad for the way Evan's spine stiffens in loud, rearing jealousy.

 

Looks like there's a common theme between the three of them. They're all wildly jealous and possessive people, but they all go about it differently.

 

"You wouldn't –" Crouch Senior begins.

 

"Oh, but I did", Regulus says boldly, "I did sleep with him."

 

Evan crouches down and whispers something in Crouch Senior's ear that makes him rear back in genuine horror, but he doesn't tell the others what he said.

 

Barty is ready for this to be over.

 

"This is one curse for every year you were a shit father. If you're going to be disappointed in me, then I may as well live up to your expectations," he says. Then he casts a mixture of 20 different dark cutting, blasting and bone-breaking curses until his father lies as a wreck on the floor. He's barely breathing now, his chest rising and falling erratically, but he still manages to breathe out, "your mother would be so disappointed."

 

Barty sucks a sharp breath in, and the next breath he breathes out is the whisper of "avada kedavra", which hits his father in the chest.

 

He's still staring at his father, his ears ringing, knowing Evan and Regulus are both staring at him.

 

Surprisingly, it's Regulus who breaks the silence.

 

"Welcome to the dead parents club, Barty. Let's go back and celebrate."

 

 

They floo back into the sitting room at Grimmauld Place, where the marauders are still seated, and they look genuinely panicked as they take in their blood-spattered figures.

 

Regulus watches as Sirius blanches, Remus raises his eyebrows, and James' pupils dilate in fear again. He really needs to toughen up; it's just blood.

 

"What the fuck happened to you?" Remus asks in shock, and Barty simply replies, "they helped me join the dead parents club."

 

"What?" Sirius asks incredulously.

 

"You can't just go around murdering people –" Remus begins.

 

"You didn't mind it when I murdered Greyback for you, Lupin", Regulus cuts in coolly. "Now, are you going to be a fucking hypocrite about it all, or are you going to leave my friends and me alone?"

 

"Greyback was different", Remus replies weakly, "he was an awful person –"

 

"Well, if that's the only prerequisite to get away with murder, then looks like we're in the clear", Barty chirps out.

 

"Murder is murder", James interjects adamantly, "no one should ever be murdered. It's bad to hurt people –"

 

"You're cute, Potter, but you've clearly lived a sheltered life to realise the world isn't Black and white; there's a lot of grey areas," Regulus says condescendingly before he cuts himself off abruptly.

 

He called me cute again, James thinks delightedly.

 

Why the fuck did I call him cute again, Regulus thinks, horrified.

 

There's a long pause until Barty looks brightly at Regulus and says, "well, good news overall, I've scored my ticket into the dead parents club. Sorry, you don't meet the prerequisites, Evan."

 

"There's a dead parents club?" Sirius asks, "can I join?"

 

"No."

 

"I wasn't asking you, Reggie –"

 

"Yeah Reg, he was asking me –"

 

"There's no fucking dead parents club, the both of you!" Regulus bursts out in frustration before he storms out of the room.

 

"I don't know what you ever saw in him, Crouch," Sirius says solemnly.

 

"Yeah", Barty replies amusedly, "sometimes I don't know either." 

 

"I don't know what he saw in you either", James bites out from across the room where he's glaring with jealousy at Barty; he recognises it for what it is now. Barty apparently recognises it too as he walks past him, smiles sweetly and whispers, "I never knew you were the jealous type, Potter", before he goes away to shower and wash his father's blood off his body.

 

 

Regulus, Barty and Evan had come home, grinning and laughing and covered in blood.

 

They had just admitted to torturing and murdering Barty's father, and they were all wearing his blood like a victory crown.

 

On Barty and Evan, James hates it, and it makes him feel almost ill. They're literally rejoicing over murder.

 

On Regulus though? With the blood on his cheeks making his grey eyes pop out more and his usually blank eyes looking genuinely happy in some kind of post-murder afterglow, James should hate it too.

 

But he doesn't.

 

He doesn't hate it and he doesn't know why it's one of the hottest things he's ever seen.

 

 

Sirius comes to find Regulus once he's finished showering away the remnants of Barty's father's body, who they had killed in some kind of celebration? Or they did it, and they're celebrating now? He's not quite sure, but he understands in a messed-up way. He had celebrated when he found out his parents had died at the start of last year in an orchestrated attack that had been all over the Daily Prophet, especially since it was so soon after Regulus went missing. It seemed like somebody had targeted the entire family, and while Sirius had been slightly paranoid, no one outside of Death Eaters during a battle ever tried to come for him.

 

In any case, whoever did it, he'd undoubtedly like to thank them for doing what he had always wished he'd been able to do first. While it's undoubtedly messed up, he does understand in an equally messed up way why it may have been therapeutic for Barty to go and murder his father with his friends.

 

If the marauders had been Slytherins, Sirius thinks he might have done the same with them.

 

In any case, he goes to see Regulus to check in on how he's going with the whole returning from the dead, post-breakdown, just helped kill his friend's father and whatever else is inevitably going on in his life that he refuses to talk about.

 

The wards on Regulus' door still let him in, which once again makes him smile giddily, and he pushes the door open to see Regulus showered and blood free. It's something that Sirius never really imagined he'd take for granted, although Regulus has been back for three weeks now, and Sirius has seen him in various degrees of being covered in blood three times, which is three times more than he's ever wanted.

 

Regulus' head looks up from whatever notebook he's writing in, and his facial expression goes carefully blank when he sees that it's Sirius who's come through the door.

 

Sirius is unimpressed at best.

 

"You don't need to hide your emotions from me, Reggie. It's not like I didn't see them last night –"

 

"Yes, thank you Sirius, I'd almost forgotten –"

 

"Oi, stop being such a prick. I'm literally asking how you're doing."

 

"Fine."

 

"Sure you are."

 

"I am."

 

"You're not."

 

"I fucking am, so take it or leave it!" Regulus bursts out, his face flushed and his chest heaving as his brother brings out the worst side of him yet again.

 

"Okay, okay", Sirius says, desperately trying to de-escalate the situation lest he gets his blood boiled again or banished from the room.

 

Regulus is still glaring at him, so he hastily wracks his brains for a safe topic to bring up, which ends up being, "would you mind if I had friends over tonight?"

 

He's expecting a harsh no, but all he gets is a bewildered "why are you asking me?" which, yeah, really wasn't what he thought Regulus would say.

 

"Well," Sirius begins slowly, "it's your house, so it's only courteous to tell you who I plan on bringing into it."

 

Sirius is still waiting to be on the receiving end of a stinging hex, but instead, Regulus seems to be finding this conversation genuinely entertaining.

 

"Are you saying I lacked common courtesy when I let Evan and Barty move in?" he replies, amused.

 

"I didn't know you asked them to move in," Sirius says, surprised.

 

"Oh, I haven't. It's unspoken," Regulus says. "We're all traitors now, you see. Me for obvious reasons, and then I removed their marks and got Evan out of prison, which doesn't really help their image. So, you know, traitors."

 

"Right…" Sirius says slowly, unsure if this is leading towards another mental breakdown or not. "So, is that a yes to having people over…?"

 

"Sirius, it's literally your house, I left it to you. Just tell me when you have them over, so I know to avoid them."

 

"They're nice people, Reggie."

 

"They're Gryffindor's –"

 

"What's wrong with Gryffindors?"

 

"You're a Gryffindor?"

 

"And what's wrong with me?"

 

"That's a long, long list -"

 

"You little shit", Sirius cuts in, amused despite himself, before asking, "if you're in such a generous mood about the comings and goings of the house, does that mean Order meetings can be held back here?"

 

He's once again expecting a sharp no and a higher chance of curses, but instead, Regulus looks at Sirius in almost wonder, although he has no idea why.

 

"Does Dumbledore attend every meeting?" Regulus asks out of nowhere, his eyes shining with something that Sirius almost wants to label as a mixture of excitement and revenge.

 

"Well yeah, he's the leader –"

 

"Perfect. Every Thursday, was it? They can come over. Let them know I'll be there tomorrow."

 

"Reggie –"

 

"Time's up Sirius, fuck off now."

 

"Will you fix the tear in the wards you made?"

 

"Will you fuck off?"

 

Sirius actually does what he asks, not wanting another fight like they usually have or a breakdown like last night and enjoying the fact that they've finished a conversation on a good note. Well, as good as a conversation with Regulus can end anyways. 

 

"Always a pleasure, Reggie."

 

Sirius closes the door behind him, and Regulus quickly reverses the tear in the wards he made, which unfortunately allows everybody access to his house again. He then reinforces the sentient wards around his room to keep all of them out and then feels like a Hufflepuff the way his excitement bursts out of him, and he's laughing again.

 

He's got Dumbledore exactly where he wants him.

 

He'll be coming into his house where the familial magic ensures that no curse outside of the hands of his family can touch him, which means that Dumbledore can't take back ownership of the wand that he's surely noticed isn't responding to him the way it used to since Regulus disarmed him literally as a simple precautionary measure earlier in the month.

 

He could've been disarmed at Hogwarts last week, but there is no chance he will manage it here.

 

Regulus cannot wait for Dumbledore to realise this.

 

He spends most of the rest of the day in his room, revising his notes on the hallows, which are still very minimal apart from the fact that HE'S THE MASTER OF THE ELDER WAND, which was written in capital letters and circled numerous times until he ripped the page out and burnt it so that if anybody did get through his wards and read his study notes, they wouldn't be able to hunt him down so easily.

 

He goes downstairs to get dinner, hopefully before any of Sirius' annoying Gryffindor friends arrive, and he sees Evan in the kitchen too, raiding the pantry for the already prepared food because he never learnt how to cook.

 

"How's Barty?" Regulus asks. His father has just died, after all, and by his own hand, no less.

 

"Just grand", Evan replies, and Regulus can't quite tell if he's being honest or not. 

 

Whatever.

 

He's about to go back upstairs when the floo chimes as he's walking past the sitting room, and he sees Potter's red-headed ex and another girl whose name he never learnt stumble from the floo and he watches as James jumps up from the couch and hugs Lily Evans tightly.

 

Regulus doesn't know why but this makes his magic want to lash out and curse her to pieces. 

 

She doesn't belong with him,

 

Her presence, even in the same room as him, annoys Regulus,

 

And he's only becoming increasingly frustrated since he can't figure out why this feeling is annoying him.

 

It's too many Gryffindors in one house, probably; it's making him antsy. The only reason he doesn't curse her to dust is because then Sirius would get mad and hunt him down. He'd also find him because his wards are fucking faulty, and they always let Sirius through.

 

Annoyed and still seething about Lily Evans and James Potter for some unknown reason, he whirls away and practically stomps up the stairs before locking himself in his room.

 

Unbeknownst to him, Evan watches him go with a knowing expression on his face.

 

Evan recognises that look in Regulus' eye as the same one he had all the way through fourth year when he was crushing on Barty, and looking at Regulus now is like he's been transported back to his fourteen year old self.

 

Regulus is going through his pre-relationship phase where he has a crush but hasn't realised what it is yet, and isn't considering a crush as an option because he either doesn't know it's allowed to be one or doesn't want it to be one.

 

Evan thinks it's both because he's known Regulus' brand of jealousy since he was fourteen and another Slytherin fourth year went to put her arm around Barty, and Regulus hexed her so badly she had to stay two nights in the hospital wing.

 

He's also known Regulus for the two years he spent seeing Barty, where their relationship only existed behind warded bed curtains. The freedom of dating the person he loved still couldn't set Regulus free from the weight of his parent's expectations.

 

Either way, Regulus is developing a crush, and just like his crush on Barty, his feelings are first making themselves known in pure jealousy.

 

And Evan knows without a doubt that he's jealous about James Potter.

 

Oh, I cannot  wait to tell Barty, he thinks wryly.

 

 

Later, Regulus is still in his room, rereading his hallow notes and doing anything he can as an excuse to not go downstairs, when Evan and Barty enter his room and say, "let's go and harass the Gryffindors."

 

Sometimes, Regulus regrets that he has the emotional capacity for friendship.

 

"Why the fuck would I want to do that?" he asks bluntly, not looking up from his notebook.

 

"Because our presence would annoy them, and in turn, that would annoy your brother, which is one of the things I live for," Barty says concisely, as Evan nods in agreement.

 

"I told you –"

 

"You told us not to curse or hurt your brother. You never told us not to annoy the shit out of him", Barty says in faux regret, and Regulus is almost impressed with their malicious compliance.

 

"You can go without me", he says stubbornly.

 

"You can come with us", Evan replies, equally as stubborn. Then, he and Barty both grab Regulus by the arm and pull him from the room, ignoring his fussy protests all the way; if he really didn't want to go, he'd have made it very clear, likely with curses.

 

In any case, Regulus grumbles under his breath the entire way, slowing down significantly as they get closer to the sitting room where the voices and laughter is coming from. Barty lets him lag behind Evan and pushes the double doors open, one hand on each as he flounces into the room dramatically, which stops all conversation.

 

"Sirius, why is there a Death Eater in your house?" one of the girls hisses.

 

"There's three, actually," Evan says in lieu of a greeting as he enters the room, leaving Regulus leaning against the doorway and looking like he'd rather be anywhere but here.

 

"Sirius, what the fuck” the same voice hisses, and Barty simply sits down on the unoccupied couch, enjoying the way the girls seem slightly afraid of him.

 

 "Are you saying that having a mark makes me a Death Eater?" Barty asks in faux offence, and the indignant and incredulous "yes!" makes him smile and roll up his sleeve as he says, "no mark, no Death Eater then."

 

"Sirius", the girl repeats for the third time, "what the fuck?"

 

"Lily, Mary, meet Crouch, Rosier and Reggie –"

 

"It's Regulus"

 

"Shut up, I was talking. Lily, Mary, meet Crouch, Rosier and my prick of a brother Regulus, who are staying here until, well, I don't know how long."

 

"Are you going to kill us?" Mary asks, raising an unimpressed eyebrow that is mainly targeted at Regulus, who simply raises one back in response and says, "would you like to find out?"

 

"Reggie, be nice," Sirius pleads.

 

Regulus just scoffs and doesn't bother to answer, but Mary nods in approval and says, "I like him."

 

"Me too", Lily says. 

 

"Me too", James adds, seemingly accidentally, if the way he rears back and his eyes widen with surprise is anything to go by. 

 

Regulus can't tell why he isn't cursing for saying that. All he can think of is a desperate plea that the girls don't start acting towards him like the girl in the prison did.

 

He wants to burn the memory from his mind.

 

He's almost disappointed as Mary raises an eyebrow at James, then looks back at him. "If you had to date anyone in this room," she asks, "who would you date?"

 

His eyes flit unconsciously to James Potter, who is already watching him, until Mary and Lily smirk at each other and then look back at at him and he realises that they're probably just talking about the two of them.

 

Oh.

 

Regulus' first form of a reply is a sharp stinging hex as he bites out, "my name is Regulus; use it or don't address me at all. And I wouldn't date either of you, so don't bother asking again."

 

"We're not the only two people in the rooooooom," Lily sings out, which makes Mary laugh, everyone else blanch and Regulus sighs and turns to leave. His limit for Gryffindors was already low to begin with, and nothing about this conversation is remotely tolerable.

 

"Sirius, your friends are shit."

 

"Your friends are literal Death Eaters!" Mary cries incredulously.

 

"Ex Death Eaters," Barty argues, shaking his head in faux contempt, and Regulus walks away, or tries to, only to find the doorway blocked by Evan who has an annoying, teasing smile on his face.

 

He could curse him out the way, but there's also a chance there's something he could learn from the gossip that everyone is surely about to spread; they're Gryffindors after all. It's not like any secrets of his own will be let out, so he doesn't know what the harm of staying down here for a few more minutes can be.

 

This is a strategic move to learn more information and to figure out why he's becoming so annoyed as he looks between James and Lily sitting next to each other on the couch; his current theory is that he's still sick of how much PDA they did when they were dating in his sixth year.

 

There's still a slight tension across the room, which James feels the need to break by saying, "what would you guys be if you were to be an animagus?" which makes all of the marauders laugh hysterically for some unknown reason.

 

"It's the same as the form your patronus takes, is it not?" Lily asks, taking the question seriously. "If it is, that means I'd be a doe."

 

"Based on that logic, I'd be a cheetah", Mary adds.

 

"I reckon I'd be a dog," Sirius says, giggling, laughing harder as James bursts out, "I reckon I'd be a stag."

 

Remus ignores them and simply says, "I'd never become an animagus." Then everybody looks at the Slytherins, at Barty, who is still sitting smugly on the couch, at Regulus, standing in the doorway, glaring at everyone and at Evan, who is standing behind him, making sure he doesn't leave.

 

"I've never cast a patronus," Evan says, "I wouldn't mind being a snake, though", and he ignores Sirius' mutter of "fucking typical."

 

Barty speaks next.

 

"Why the fuck would I tell you anything?" he says bluntly before he grins. "You have though, Reg," which for some reason makes his head snap around so quickly that he's sure someone hears it crack.

 

"What? You have a nice patronus", Evan says teasingly, "when did you learn to cast it?"

 

"When I was on the run," Regulus says, uncomfortable for unknown reasons, and oddly, his eyes keep flitting to James. 

 

Regulus knows he should be proud of himself; it's an impressive piece of magic after all. Instead, he's uncomfortable and feels trapped, like he's backed into a corner.

 

His eyes are flitting between James, Evan and the door.

 

He's looking for an exit.

 

He's debating whether he should run.

 

But there's no way he'll find out, is there?

 

"It was nice, powerful", Evan continues. "I know that patronuses are that pearly white colour, but it was obvious that your patronus was a black cat, bloody typical," he says, laughing until he looks at Regulus, whose entire body is stiff and his eyes are squeezed shut like he's trying to pretend this moment isn't real, like he can wake up and realise it was just a dream.

 

"Oh my god", James whispers breathlessly, his face pale, eyes wide as he stares at Regulus in a mixture of shock and wonder. "It was your patronus, wasn't it? It was you. Oh my god, it was you."

 

Regulus' lack of an answer is an answer all on his own.

 

Yes, his silence says, it was me.

 

 
Notes:

    Cliffhanger alert!!!!!! Don't hate me xx

    My favourite part is James being like sorry Remus, me bagging Regulus is more important than you being able to speak and Remus being like ?!?!?!?!

    Can't wait for your comments!!!

     

    EDIT: Okay so I’ve gotten a few comments about how people didn’t like the way how I’d written in Lily and Mary- what I’d been trying to do was write it in a way that showed Regulus as still real temperamental with his emotions and lashing out but I don’t think it came across that way so I’m going to rewrite that scene soon to hopefully get things across in a better way :)))

Chapter 12: Chapter 11: November 1978
Summary:

    Everybody has a weakness.

Notes:

    I did tell you my time estimation skills were awful lmao, but here's your chapter 5 days early with some answers hehe. I did enjoy the outrage in the comments.

    I've slightly planned out the next chapter, but I can't wait to write it and I know you'll love it.

    In any case, I hope you enjoy this one and I hope you like the ending too- if you're confused at any point, it will probably make sense later on.

    also just wanted to put in a reminder that this is a dark fic with dark themes, and a couple of parts of this chapter seem darker than other chapters, so be prepared for what you're reading but also feel free to stop if that's not what you're into.

    For those that do read, can't wait to hear your thoughts!!! Updating possibly Sunday, definitely by Wednesday xx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

November 1978

 

 

Regulus finds that the thrill of being alive wears off very quickly.

 

Is he grateful that he didn't die in Voldemort's flesh-eating trap? Absolutely.

 

Is he grateful he has two legs again when he didn't even know if it would be an option in the first place? Absolutely.

 

But overall, is he genuinely enthralled with the prospect of living? Absolutely not.

 

He's got two horcruxes and Voldemort's pet rock or whatever it is, which is fantastic, it really is. Still, he also has another 5 horcruxes to hunt down, he has to find a way to destroy them, and he has to kill Voldemort after that, and this is all assuming that he doesn't die before that happens and that nobody finds out that his death is a charade.

 

Regulus still hasn't decided if his goals make him ambitious or delusional.

 

But still, there's nothing he can do but kill Voldemort or die trying.

 

He's doing his best to research, but there's only so far that books can take him. He's getting restless and antsy by being cooped up in his tent, especially since he barely left it while waiting for his leg to grow back, so he decides to tick off multiple problems at once.

 

Get out of his tent.

 

Get answers.

 

Get rid of his restlessness in his favourite way.

 

It's time to go interrogating.

 

 

Death Eater meetings are held sporadically. There's no fixed day like there is with the Order; routine just makes it easier for them to be caught and for aurors to break in. They're generally held at 2am unless an emergency meeting is called, but it's anybody's guess as to when and where it's held if they're not a member of the inner circle.

 

Luckily, Regulus was a member of the inner circle, and so he has some good guesswork as to where it could be; his thoughts are Malfoy, Lestrange or Nott Manor, purely because all three families are exceptionally wealthy and Voldemort is fussy and pretentious and won't settle for anything less than the best.

 

Once again, Regulus ignores the startlingly clear similarities between them.

 

Regulus sets up his tent on the edge of Malfoy Manor, it's the best guess he has to go off now, and he just waits.

 

He's waiting for someone who may or may not show up to a meeting that may or may not be held, and it is genuinely one of the weakest plans he's ever had.  

 

It's nothing but a big game of patience, really, but for answers? Information? Horcruxes? Regulus will be patient.

 

 

Nine days later, Regulus is nothing but impatient.

 

How does a family such as the Malfoys not have any visitors for nine days? 

 

Regulus desperately hopes that they haven't decided to allow every Death Eater direct floo access to their house, or he is going to have a lot of difficulties finding information. As easy as it would be to enter the house, his magical signature would show up almost instantly on the wards, and once again, his dead and buried act would be ruined, and Voldemort would absolutely come to hunt him down and kill him.

 

So, he's resorted to sitting on his favourite armchair in the sitting room of his tent that he's spelled invisible and undetectable. Now he is waiting for anybody to show up so he can bring them into his interrogation room.

 

He almost feels sorry for whoever they are because they're going to get the brunt of him after over two months without interrogation and barely any human contact. Still, whoever it is, he's sure they'll deserve whatever they get.

 

Day eleven of his silent vigil is when the monotony of the Malfoy Manor gates is broken as somebody apparates and enters them.

 

Regulus watches them go, blinking rapidly in case he's hallucinating, but then there's a second crack of apparation.

 

It's 1.28am.

 

The Death Eater meeting must be held today.

 

Regulus reinforces his wards around his tent, there are currently 48 of them, and then he creeps out, ready to capture someone.

 

As soon as the third Death Eater arrives, Regulus doesn't let them enter the gates. Instead, he stuns them and has them transported into the dungeon, bound and rennervated before they've even realised that they were unconscious in the first place.

 

Regulus removes their mask and is confused as to who it is.

 

"Regulus Black?"

 

“Rodopholus Lestrange.”

 

He hasn't seen Rodopholus since May, since he went to curse Sirius and Regulus broke all the bones in his body to stop him.

 

Rabastan went to avenge his brother's almost death by hurting Sirius, except Regulus got there first and turned the tables; he avenged his brother's almost death by killing Rabastan.

 

And he has no regrets.

 

Still, he wasn't expecting it to be Rodopholus, who was the next Death Eater to be in the dungeon.

 

"Why don't you have floo access to Malfoy Manor? Regulus asks as his opening sentence. It's not important information, but he's genuinely curious about it. Until Rabastan died, he was the brother-in-law to Bellatrix, the sister to Narcissa, so however slim the relation is, he should be allowed floo access.

 

"Why would I tell you anything?" He responds, still helplessly straining on his bonds that refuse to weaken even the slightest.

 

"Because if you don't offer it willingly, I'll make you," Regulus says sharply, unwilling to fall into his game.

 

Rabastan raises his eyebrows.

 

Regulus raises his wand.

 

"Maybe this will encourage you," he says darkly as all of the stress and fear and restlessness from the past 2 months flares up inside him, and he starts purging it out of his system with a sharp and clear "crucio".

 

Rodopholus screams.

 

He's flailing his limbs around in his chair that doesn't allow him to move, and Regulus is just staring at him in such a detached way that his brain barely processes the fact that the screams coming out of Rodopholus' mouth is because of the spell coming out of Regulus' wand.

 

It just, doesn't connect. It's like a dream that he's not sure if it's real or not, but every time Regulus blinks his eyes, Rodopholus is still in front of him and still screaming.

 

Regulus eventually cancels the spell, he needs him coherent enough to be able to answer his questions after all, but after he has, it doesn't seem like Rodopholus has even realised. He's still slumped in his chair, breathing heavily, coughing up blood, and it takes over a minute until his head rolls on his neck and locks eyes with Regulus, trying to glare but not quite having enough energy to manage it.

 

Regulus simply smiles in response.

 

"Was that enough encouragement, or would you like to feel that again?" Regulus asks sweetly, and just as he knew he would, Rodopholus tips his head down slightly in surrender.

 

Regulus always knew that he was weak.

 

"What do you want from me, Black" he rasps out, still coughing up the lingering amount of blood in his lungs.

 

"I want to know everything. What the Death Eaters' plans are, if there have been certain objects or research that have been distributed, who your targets are. Tell me."

 

"Well, my brother is dead." Rodopholus begins, and Regulus tries not to roll his eyes.

 

He's unsuccessful.

 

"Yes, I was there", Regulus replies blandly, deciding not to disclose his involvement in it yet. "Is there anything else that is slightly more relevant to everything?"

 

"What, are you the spy for the light?" Rodopholus asks, which, what?

 

"I beg your pardon?" Regulus asks incredulously, "there's a spy within the Death Eaters who is working for Dumbledore? I thought it was a spy within the light who was working for Voldemort –"

 

Rodopholus looks aghast that Regulus just said his name and cuts him off, spluttering, "you, how, it's the Dark Lord, you can't say what you just said –"

 

"I do what I want, Lestrange, and nobody, especially not Tom fucking Riddle, is going to dictate that," Regulus cuts in angrily, breathing heavily.

 

"Who?"

 

"Oh, for fucks sake. Crucio," and then he's screaming again.

 

Regulus doesn't hold it for long, only 10 seconds or so to get the message across that he's annoyed. Then he releases it and wonders why he has to exist in the same world as such idiots like Rodopholus Lestrange.

 

There is an easy fix to that, though…

 

A quick avada kedavra, no more Rodopholus Lestrange, but no, that would be far too impulsive.

 

"What are the plans for the near future?" Regulus asks, trying to figure out where Lestrange stands in all of this, what type of Death Eater he is and whether he's worth coming back to interrogate in a couple of months.

 

"First of all, I'm going to kill the people who cursed me and killed my brother, " Rodopholus begins, making Regulus smirk in amusement.

 

"And who might that be?" he asks, wondering what theories he has and darkly amused at how Rodopholus Lestrange's wand is currently in the hand of the man he's looking to kill in the first place.

 

"It was your blood traitor of a brother", Rodopholus replies with complete certainty. "Him and that blood traitor friend Potter, they got me with a dark variant of the bone breaker curse, it must have been Black who did it, and then they got my brother. So I'm going to get revenge; you're welcome to join me and watch as I kill your br –"

 

Regulus doesn't let him finish his sentence, doesn't want to hear the end of it.

 

Instead, he casts the variant of the bone-breaking spell he invented and calmly says, "was it this one?"

 

Rodopholus doesn't scream; it seems to be more of a choked shudder of agony that he desperately tries to suppress as the tremors reverberate through his broken bones.

 

"Yes. That one." Rodopholus chokes out between gasps, "it's a family spell, is it? Is that where your brother learnt it? Once I've got him, I'll hunt down those that killed my brother and kill them for revenge."

 

"What if they find you first?" Regulus asks lightly, like this is all one big game to him.

 

"I wore a mask, so how would they?" Rodopholus gasps out, slight condescension coming through his words that disappears as Regulus says, "well I'm here, aren't I? And it wasn't a family spell. I invented it."

 

He has a smug smile on his face and a glint of grim satisfaction in his eyes as he watches Rodopholus' eyes widen in frantic understanding.

 

"No. Don't. I'll help you kill him –"

 

"Avada kedavra."

 

Maybe he is an impulsive person after all, as it turns out, Regulus does not go back to interrogate Rodopholus Lestrange in a couple of months' time. Instead, he transfigures his body into a piece of bark, apparates to Cornwall, and throws it in the ocean, forever destined to become a piece of driftwood that slowly decomposes into nothing,

 

It's a bit like scattering the ashes of someone you love, except Regulus never loved Rodopholus, and instead of tearful goodbyes and condolences, Regulus just gives a sincere "good fucking riddance" before he apparates back to his tent to the next Death Eater.

 

The interrogations are making him calmer. He's burning with the thrill of power, and he can't wait for the meeting to end so he can do it all over again. He didn't even learn anything useful from Rodopholus except that there's a spy for each side which is surprising, purely because they haven't been caught yet. Plus, the fact that Rodopholus has been trying to murder Sirius for the kill Regulus made only makes Regulus want to bring him back to life just so that he can kill him again.

 

How fucking dare he even suggest it.

 

 

The meeting is long.

 

He sees Travers, who arrives late, but Regulus doubts he'll have any helpful information, so he lets him go. Voldemort will surely torture him for his delay, so it's not like Regulus is saving him from punishment. However, once again, the parallels between himself and Voldemort appear, where he's not sure which of them is more likely to snap and kill Travers because he set them off for whatever reason. 

 

Regulus wants to say that it's Voldemort, but the very recent memory of Rodopholus Lestrange's very recent murder is at the forefront of his mind.

 

If Rodopholus didn't have anything interesting, then Travers definitely won't. There is a chance that Rodopholus did actually know more than he was letting on, but Regulus killed him before he could actually find out.

 

Either way, neither the lack of information nor his death was a great loss, so Regulus really isn't bothered.

 

He's just excited in a dark sadistic way to express some more of his pent-up emotions in the form of violence, despite the dark voice in his head that sounds remarkably like Sirius asks him if he gets it from their parents.

 

It doesn't matter where it came from, Regulus thinks. This is what they made me, and this is who I am.

 

He stays wrapped up in his thoughts for 5 and a half hours, going in circles until movement finally comes from within the manor.

 

The sun is just beginning to rise, and its glow seems to be dulled by the darkness of the Death Eaters, who are flocking towards the gates like an army of ants.

 

There are a few groups, for sure. Some are friends, some are acquaintances, some hate each other but stick together for social status, and one person is walking at the back, away from the others, like he doesn't want anything to do with them.

 

Maybe he has a reason for it.

 

Either way, Regulus is going after them, and like all of the others, it's almost too easy. 

 

A quick stupefy, a quick summoning charm, a binding charm and then they're tied up in the interrogation room, ready to be interrogated.

 

Regulus removes the mask and casts rennervate.

 

"Black?!"

 

"Severus."

 

Regulus watches Snape struggle with his bindings, pauses heavily when he realises that he can't get out of them, and then Regulus realises that there's been a significant oversight on his behalf.

 

A lot of the Death Eaters are stupid, and he's been treating them as such. They're typically pureblood heirs where the majority of their power and prestige comes from their last name, and they have enough magical skills to murder and few enough morals that they don't mind casting dark magic. They barely scraped through their OWLS, some of them wouldn't have even gotten their NEWTs, and on the whole, they can't think for themselves and have never heard of problem-solving in their life.

 

Regulus is not one of those people.

 

The oversight is his belief that he's the only one; however, Severus Snape is as smart as he is dislikeable, and he clearly has enough capabilities in wordless magic to attempt to remove the ropes binding him. When that doesn't work, he is able to burn them off, and he then launches himself at Regulus to reclaim his wand.

 

If Snape gets his wand, this is going to turn into a duel.

 

Regulus is sure that he'd win, he's forgotten more dark magic than Snape has ever learnt, and he's invented enough of his own spells throughout the years that he's sure Snape would die or become incapacitated before he figured out how to reverse its effects. Still, Regulus isn't arrogant enough to believe that he'd come out of the fight uninjured.

 

Especially so soon after losing his leg and the absolute nightmare it was to grow it back, he really does not want to have to resort to duelling Severus Snape, let alone risk his victory coming at the cost of Snape's sanity, so then he doesn't get answers in the first place.

 

Thankfully, there is one alternative to magic that purebloods believe themselves to be above, and even half-bloods such as Snape steer clear of it at best they can.

 

Regulus, however, has no such reservations, so he throws their wands behind him, where they clatter to the floor. Snape looks up at him in slight confusion as to why he threw both of their wands away, and Regulus takes the opportunity of his confused hesitation to punch him in the face.

 

He collapses instantly with his eye swollen shut. Regulus smiles triumphantly, retrieves both their wands and returns Snape to the chair, unconscious.

 

Then, he genuinely spends the next nine hours researching new warding techniques while Snape remains unconscious in the dungeon. He adds new layers to the wards that cause magical suppression to anybody who enters except him and ensure that magical usage strengthens the wards rather than threatening to overwhelm them and lead to their eventual collapse.

 

It's almost 6pm by the time he casts rennervate, and the sun is already beginning to set.

 

Snape jolts awake, his eyes flicking around wildly, trying to place together what happened before he glances down at his wrists and tries to burn the ropes again.

 

Nothing happens.

 

He tries again.

 

Still nothing.

 

After the third time, he looks up at Regulus, whose face is a carefully blank mask.

 

Regulus matches it.

 

There's a long silence where both of them are staring, both reinforcing their occlumency shields and waiting for something, anything –

 

"Why am I here, Black?"

 

Regulus is almost disappointed.

 

"That's your first question? No where have I been, what have I been doing, how have I been doing?"

 

"I don't care about any of those," is all Snape answers, which is fair enough; Regulus doesn't really care what he's been up to either.

 

"You're going to tell me what's been going on in the Death Eaters. What's happened that's significant? We'll start there."

 

"I'm not telling you anything."

 

"Oh no, I'll get answers from you one way or another."

 

"Really," Snape asks, full of doubt at Regulus' capabilities. Well, he'll show him.

 

"Imperio."

 

Snape's eyes glaze over, and Regulus smiles, pleased, and is about to ask his first question when Snape's entire body visibly shudders and then his eyes are clear.

 

He's thrown off the curse.

 

Well. Time for the next idea.

 

"Leglimens."

 

Again, Regulus has underestimated Severus Snape. He's in his mind, but there's absolutely nothing to see. He's got everything locked away, and Regulus can't even find where the walls begin to start taking the bricks away, piece by piece.

 

He could try crucioing him until his shields weaken and he breaks through, but there's a high chance that Snape would be able to jumble up his memories, so Regulus wouldn't be able to tell what's true or not. If he holds the curse long enough, Snape won't be able to either.

 

Snape is staring up at him, a hint of smugness on his usually expressionless face, but Regulus is nothing but prepared.

 

He double-checks that Snape is still tied up and that his magic is still suppressed, and then he goes to his potions cupboard until he finds a small vial with a clear liquid.

 

Perfect.

 

He walks back into the room and holds it up for Snape to see, who frustratingly doesn't look bothered. Regulus hopes it's a façade, and he gives Snape no warning and no choice as he forces his mouth open and pours it down his throat.

 

He still doesn't look affected by it; if anything, it seems to have made him smugger, that he's somehow outsmarted veritaserum and, more importantly, Regulus Black.

 

But Regulus, as much as he hates it, can be patient, and he is getting the answers that Snape is clearly trying to hide.

 

"Does veritaserum not work on you?" he asks, despite already knowing the answer.

 

"Does it look like it's working?" Snape snarks back, making Regulus shoot a stinging hex at him for good riddance.

 

"You're resistant then", Regulus muses out loud, putting the pieces together at last. "So that means either you've developed a resistance to it and you have an antidote for it, or, you've developed a different type of veritaserum resistant to any other immunity potions."

 

Snape doesn't reply, just staring blankly at Regulus, who continues, "now, what type of potions master would you be if you didn't carry those potions with you at all times?"

 

Snape's eyes widen imperceptibly, and Regulus smirks victoriously. 

 

"Accio potions," Regulus says, and Snape's "that won't work" dies on his lips as he realises the extent of Regulus' magical suppression wards. They're so strong that the protections on his portable potions cabinet that he had stored in his pocket are also suppressed, meaning Reglulus can help himself to everything inside.

 

Snape struggles harder against his bonds which only reinforces Regulus' viewpoint that he's right. There's something in here that can help him. Luckily for him, Snape is very methodical, so the entire cabinet is ordered alphabetically, and he easily finds what he's looking for.

 

Veritaserum- Version 2

 

He holds it up to the light, and Snape seems to wilt slightly in resignation. If it was a chess game that they were playing, he would have certainly just called his forfeit.

 

"Drink up", Regulus commands, which makes Snape glare and press his lips shut. Regulus doesn't mind that response; there's nothing like a bit of violence to breed compliance, so with a few slashes of his wand, he removes a few of Snape's teeth, one by one. They clatter to the floor, blood dripping down his chin, and he gives a disbelieving but pain-ridden glance at Regulus, who smiles brightly, vanishes the blood and pours the vial down his throat.

 

His eyes glaze over immediately as the tell-tale haze of Veritaserum appears over his face.

 

Regulus' entire posture softens in relief.

 

His smile fades slightly as he realises that Snape can't talk without teeth, so he sighs and returns them before he starts the interrogation.

 

What has he got to hide?

 

"What have the Death Eaters done that I'd find interesting?" Regulus begins.

 

"Your parents are still sending funds to support the campaign, we go on raids every night in a rotation, the Dark Lord doesn't suspect that you're a traitor because he didn't claim credit for your murder which is what everybody suspects that it is, not much else has happened recently," Snape replies monotonously.

 

This is unhelpful at best, and Regulus desperately wants to know what Snape is hiding.

 

"Who is the spy in the light for Voldemort?"

 

"I don't know", Snape replies, but now he seems to be trying to resist it, trying to find the flaws in his perfect brewing skills.

 

"Who is the spy in the Death Eaters for the light?"

 

There's no doubt that Snape is fighting this one. He's grimacing his teeth, his jaw clenching so hard it hurts, but his potion is too compelling, and he chokes out one word against his will.

 

"Me."

 

This is  certainly some good information, Regulus thinks, genuinely delighted.

 

Did he see this coming? No. 

 

Can this definitely be used to his advantage? Yes.

 

Snape is fighting the potion now, Regulus can tell, and it's for longer and longer periods than before, which makes Regulus realise that the potion's effectiveness must be weakening. He has to prioritise his questions; this may be his last chance to get Snape for a while, so he thinks desperately about what would be beneficial and realises that it's best to be prepared for what's to come.

 

"What are your next plans? Who are the Death Eaters or Voldemort targeting next?"

 

Oddly, Snape doesn't seem to be trying to fight this question. Regulus can't tell if it's because the Veritaserum is still in effect, because Snape has become resigned to telling Regulus what he wants to know, or because he genuinely wants to tell him.

 

He doesn't know if any of them are good options.

 

Regardless, Snape is ready to talk, and Regulus is willing to listen.

 

"You're going to love this." Snape says, sounding cruelly delighted, "it was my idea after all", and despite Snape's optimistic words, Regulus feels trepidation settle in his stomach. Snape never exuded reassurance, and as much as Regulus doesn't really care about anyone or anything, this seems different, like something is going on that will overlap into his very small circle of people he has to protect.

 

"It's about James Potter. You do hate him, yes?" Snape asks, practically gloating and giving details that he never would if he wasn't at least slightly drugged up.

 

Regulus nods in affirmation but doesn't comment.

 

Snape neither seems to notice nor care.

 

"He stole Lily Evans from me. We were going to get married, she was always going to be my bride, but she chose him instead. I'd never hurt her, even though to hurt her would be to hurt him, so I'm doing the second-best thing; hurting someone else he loves and making sure they die in the same way a piece of me does every time I see him with her."

 

Not Sirius, not Sirius, not Sirius, Regulus pleads,  waiting for Snape to elaborate on his sadistic plan, where Regulus's only flaw is that his brother may somehow be involved.

 

But it's not Sirius.

 

It can't be Sirius.

 

"We're going to torture them until they don't know their own names and then burn down the house with them inside. And the best part? We'll only tell Potter when it's too late, and all he'll be able to do is watch."

 

"Who's them?" Regulus asks almost desperately, "who's them?" It's not James Potter, but is it Sirius and his boyfriend? Sirius and someone else? Is it Sirius?

 

Snape answers the question, and Regulus selfishly feels himself deflate in relief.

 

Because it's not Sirius.

 

"His parents. We're going to kill them slowly until they beg for death. And when we grant it to them, we're going to make Potter watch."

 

"When?"

 

"7 o'clock tonight, as soon as the sun sets."

 

It's currently 6.47pm which leaves Regulus very little time to make a decision.

 

Regulus casts a quick stupefy that makes Snape slump back in his seat and gives him time to think.

 

He hates James Potter, genuinely and truly, and if it was a random Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw or even a Slytherin, he knows he couldn't care less.

 

If James Potter was just a random Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw or Slytherin, he knows he wouldn't care less.

 

If James Potter was just a random Gryffindor, Regulus also wouldn't care less.

 

But deep down, this has nothing to do with James Potter at all; he's only dragged into it by association.

 

If it was just James Potter, he'd be losing his parents tonight, and Regulus tells himself that he wouldn't think twice about it.

 

But they're not just James Potter's parents.

 

They're Sirius' too.

 

Fuck.

 

Regulus wishes that he had the same bitter and spite fuelled emotions towards James Potter that Snape has, but he doesn't.

 

Well, he does, but this isn't about James Potter anymore.

 

It's about his brother who replaced him with James Potter. It's about his brother who replaced his parents with James Potter's. It's about his brother who, even though it's a one-way sentiment, even though he wishes he didn't have the capability at all, even though he pretends he doesn't, it's his brother who he still loves, despite everything.

 

He'll deny it, he'll deny it to anyone and everyone, but he can't deny it to himself. He loves his brother and hates that he does, but he doesn't know how to stop.

 

Fuck.

 

It's 6.56pm.

 

Regulus doesn't know if he's ever liked himself, but he knows with certainty that he's never hated himself more than he does in this moment for what he's about to do.

 

 

Fleamont and Euphemia Potter are eating dinner when a black cat patronus enters their wards and into the dining room where they're seated. Neither of them recognises it; it's none of the Orders, their children, or their children's friends, but it's a war, so new people are coming to fight all the time.

 

Still, they don't recognise the cat that sits at the head of the table and seems almost frantic, like the cat is worried for some reason.

 

They share a glance of parental panic. Is it James? Is it Sirius? Is it any of their friends? Are they injured? Are they dead?

 

The cat opens its mouth to speak, and it's a short message.

 

There are no details, elaborations, greetings, nor signatures, but there's also no ambiguity.

 

There's no room for confusion at all.

 

It's one word.

 

"Run."

 

 

 
Notes:

    Snape slander is almost as good as Dumbledore slander.

    I'm jealous of Regulus- I wish I could punch snape in the face too.

    context to the patronus is here!!!!! Aftermath to come in the next chapter for james and then slight aftermath of regulus in the next pre-prologue chapter although haven't planned that out yet.

Chapter 13: Chapter 12: November 1980 - December 1980
Summary:

    Progress.

Notes:

    New chapter woooooo!!!!

    French translations in the end notes

    I'm sure you're going to LOVE THIS, I will elaborate in the end notes. In the grand scheme of things, I would say it's a light chapter, but compared to other fics, it could definitely be called heavy but for this fic it's not? Anyways, you'll see x

    The next chapter will be out next week sometime, maybe Wednesday, maybe Friday but definitely next week sometimes. I'm not sure how much spare time I'll have because I'm starting my training for my summer job on Monday and so I'll only have evenings/the weekend to work on this, but the after that I can choose whatever shifts I like and then that'll give me better ideas of update estimates.

    Also there's been heaps of posts going around about fanfic writers getting hate and all of the protests going on, so I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who ever read my fic and had something nice to say about it and thank you to everyone who had nothing nice to say and kept it to themselves. I've never had any hateful messages and you've all been super supportive which is something that I definitely took for granted, so just wanted to say that I appreciate you all xx

    I cannot WAIT for the comments, I know you'll love this xx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

November 1980 - December 1980

 

The room is silent.

 

No one is moving, speaking or even breathing. Everybody is looking at Regulus in varying shades of shock and surprise; at least three of them are crying, but Regulus still has his eyes squeezed shut like he can pretend that none of this is real.

 

But it is.

 

His well-kept secret is a secret no more.

 

"I'm sorry," Evan says, breaking the silence and entirely ruining the fragile mood, "did I miss something here?"

 

"He saved my parents," James breathes out through his tears, which makes Regulus' eyes fly open, confirming that the secret that he had hidden away like it's a sin to love someone has now been shared, never to be kept again. He makes eye contact with James, who is already staring at him, and then walks out of the room, quick footsteps sounding out on the stairs and the slamming of the door in the distance.

 

"Of course he fucking did", Barty mutters, almost sounding disappointed, but his comment is lost behind the sound of everybody's footsteps almost running out of the room towards Regulus.

 

He saved James' parents. He saved Sirius' parents. He practically saved half of Gryffindor's parents because Fleamont and Euphemia Potter always had love to go around that extended to far more than just their own child.

 

And it's because of Regulus that they're still alive. The very same Regulus who scorns at the fact that they're blood traitors and has barely wanted anything to do with any of the light since he returned from the dead.

 

James gets to Regulus' door first. The boy he's crushing on who he never thought had a chance of liking him back, has saved his parents, and this was almost 2 years ago when Sirius had practically disowned him, when he surely hated James Potter, when he may or may not have still been a Death Eater. Regulus hasn't given them a timeline on what happened during his days as a traitor, but still.

 

If James had doubted his crush before, there's no way he can deny it now.

 

He wants to see him; he's going to see him and thank him? Hug him? Cry at him? James doesn't know, but he's going to do it anyways.

 

Except,

 

The wards still won't let him through the door.

 

Oh, James thinks, new tears refreshing the ones drying on his face. He doesn't want to see me.

 

It's been a common theme for almost a month, James has never once been allowed entry into Regulus' room, so it's not like it's anything new, but right here, right now, James isn't prepared for how much it hurts.

 

 

Remus tries to get through the wards, which don't let him in, but he isn't really surprised. He's never tried before, but he also doesn't know why Regulus would want him around. He reckons there's a chance that Regulus would tolerate him if he were quiet, which is possibly one of the reasons he seems to hate James so much. 

 

James doesn't do quiet.

 

Neither Lily nor Mary bother trying to get through the wards. Regulus has only just met them, and they didn't exactly make a good impression, so there's no reason why he would want to see them while he's in the middle of a crisis? Breakdown? Rage? They're not entirely sure, but they also aren't deluded into believing they'll be permitted entry.

 

Surprisingly, Barty and Evan are locked out too; they had been marching forwards with purpose, a hint of superiority that Regulus was their friend and nobody else's, but the feeling had faded slightly as they felt a slight buzz of Regulus' magic rather than the wood of the door.

 

"He's freaking the fuck out", Barty says to Evan, who hums in agreement. They look back at the door in slight concern but know Regulus well enough that they won't be let in until he lets them in, and trying to speed up the process will be fruitless.

 

Sirius has only ever been kicked out of the wards once when he brought up Kreacher, whom he still hasn't figured out exactly what the problem is besides the fact that he's dead, but he's never actually been locked out entirely before.

 

He's almost disappointed and just wants to see his brother, who, as complicated as their relationship is, has only added more layers to its complexity.

 

Why did he do it? Why could he save James' parents but not theirs? Why, why, why?

 

He tests the wards anyways just to entertain himself, even though he can't imagine why he'd be ranked higher than Evan and Barty, but his hand goes straight through.

 

He touches the door.

 

He isn't locked out at all.

 

He wants to see me, Sirius thinks, elatedly, beaming internally and probably looking like a wreck because he's also been crying.

 

He opens the door, which makes Regulus whip his head around and swear profusely, but Sirius doesn't care.

 

He doesn't care if this will make Regulus hate him even more.

 

He doesn't care if this will make Regulus curse him.

 

He's doing it.

 

He walks straight towards Regulus, who seems to almost panic, wondering if he's about to fight him, when Sirius wraps his arms around him and holds him tight.

 

Regulus is not amused.

 

"What the fuck are you doing? Get off, get off me, I'll curse you, don't you try me –"

 

Sirius ignores his words and how Regulus is frantically wriggling and trying to get out of his grip.

 

"I hate these wards. I don't want you here; they won't fucking work properly, Sirius, get off me."

 

He's still being ignored, still trying to squirm his way out of Sirius' grip, when Sirius' next words make him freeze.

 

"I love you, Reggie. You don't have to say it back, but I just wanted you to know."

 

His spine goes rigid, he doesn't know what to do with such genuine and heartfelt emotion, and he also doesn't understand why he hasn't cursed Sirius off him by now.

 

That's a lie. He does know why.

 

It's because he's weak.

 

He's weak and still loves his brother, who now thinks he has some kind of god complex. Well, maybe that's a bit extreme, but still.

 

As much as he hates that he does, there's still a large part of him that cares what his brother thinks, that wants his brother to like him, and he deserves to know the truth or a portion of it anyways.

 

"Sirius, Sirius, Sirius get off me. You need to know what actually happened because you're here thinking I'm a good person or some rubbish like that… Sirius get off!"

 

Sirius eventually does, but only takes about half a step back from him, so Regulus takes it upon himself to take another few back until he's leaning against the far wall.

 

"Reg –"

 

"Sirius, will you shut up for once in your life? I'm begging you", Regulus cries out in exasperation. He's trying to be vulnerable here, and he can't do it very well if Sirius is being, well, Sirius.

 

Surprisingly, Sirius does shut up, sits on the edge of Regulus' bed and says with a wave of his hand, "well, go on then."

 

"I didn't do it for the reasons you think," he says, trying to ease himself into the vulnerability and just going for vague and ambiguous sentences.

 

"Reggie, I'll be honest, I don't care too much about the reasons. You saved Effie and Monty, and I'm so endlessly grateful; we're all grateful. Did you know that they only escaped 25 seconds before the Death Eaters got there?"

 

"I knew I was cutting it close," Regulus says distractedly, only answering half of the question. 

 

"Still, you don't even like James, or do you? I didn't think you did, but to do this for him when nobody could even manage to do it for Walburga and Orion, we're grateful, Reggie, okay? We're all grateful."

 

"I didn't do it for him," Regulus says tightly. He doesn't want Sirius to think he's a hero for the rest of his life when he's actually just selfish and so damn weak. "I didn't do it because they were his parents. It had nothing to do with him at all, as it turns out."

 

"Then, what?" Sirius asks, entirely unable to read between the lines that Regulus didn't even write on the page.

 

"You know", Regulus says uncomfortably, not enjoying the intensity of Sirius' gaze.

 

"I don't know, so tell me."

 

"You know."

 

"I don't."

 

"You do."

 

"I don't –"

 

"I didn't do it for Potter, okay? So, you can stop thinking that I'm a good person, okay?" Regulus cries out before he squeezes his eyes shut again, knowing Sirius is waiting for more. "I was selfish. I didn't do it for Potter at all, I did it for you."

 

"Why?" Sirius asks, confused. He thought Regulus hated him, so why would he save his friend's parents on his behalf? He can't tell what the thought process was behind it until –

 

"Because they're your parents too."

 

Oh.

 

Regulus' eyes are still closed, but he hears the sharp exhale of breath and then Sirius steps forwards, and arms come around him again.

 

"Reggie," he whispers into his ear before he takes a shaky breath. "I love you too."

 

That wasn't the message Regulus was trying to communicate, and as much as he wants to, he can't quite bring himself to retract the statement.

 

Sirius doesn't seem to care; he's still hugging him like his life depends on it, despite Regulus' stiff body and lack of reciprocation.

 

Regulus should curse him away and develop some sentient wards that actually work properly, but he's weak.

 

He's always been weak.

 

Slowly, so very slowly, Regulus tentatively wraps his arms around Sirius.

 

 

James stands outside Regulus' bedroom door for hours, touching the wards and calling his name, but he never gets a reply.

 

He finally gives up on waiting when Sirius goes in and comes out for the fourth time and says, "Prongs, I love you, truly I do, but he's not coming out yet, and you standing here isn't going to change his mind. Maybe go see your parents?"

 

James does.

 

Potter Manor was destroyed in the attack, but they're staying in the townhouse in Greater Manchester, which seems to work fine for them.

 

He apparates there, takes one look at his parents and bursts into tears which makes them instantly rush over and coddle him, wondering what's going on when he chokes out, "I found out who the patronus belonged to. The one that saved you. It was Regulus Black."

 

Monty had sucked in a sharp breath of shock at that, but Effie had just smiled, staring at James, and said, "I know."

 

Both Potter men turn identical looks of betrayal at her, but she doesn't seem phased in the slightest.

 

"What do you mean, you know?" James gasps out through his sobs. "Why didn't you tell Sirius that he was still alive? Or Dumbledore? Or I don't know, how about your own son?!"

 

"He clearly had his reasons, and I evidently was right", she says, chastising him gently. "I wasn't going to jeopardise that, but I'd like to think he knew that he could have always come to us if he needed to. And to answer your first question, I knew because I know Sirius. I know Sirius, and the few things he's told me about his brother made me realise that they're one and the same. They don't love each other lightly; their love is hidden under so many layers of hurt, anger and fear that it's barely noticeable for what it is. Still, I could recognise it even if it wasn't meant for me."

 

"What's that supposed to mean?" James asks in confusion, surely Regulus sent a patronus to save his mum because he somehow cares about her, but she seems to think otherwise.

 

"Ask Regulus," is all Effie replies.

 

"Right, yeah", James says. The loop in his mind that says Regulus, Regulus, Regulus, Regulus, Regulus has only intensified since the news of his patronus.

 

James says a quick goodbye to his parents, apparates back home, and checks both the sitting room and the kitchen for Regulus, even looking in the library, until he hears footsteps behind him.

 

He thinks this is possibly the only time he's ever been disappointed to see Sirius, who is standing in the doorway with a look of pity on his face.

 

"He's not coming out, is he?" James asks dejectedly, even though he already knows the answer.

 

"I'm sorry", is all Sirius says in response as he walks forwards and wraps his arms around James, who holds him back.

 

That night, James sneaks out of his room to try and talk to Regulus, but it's futile. The wards are still buzzing, and they are still the annoyingly effective barrier that keeps Regulus in his room and James out.

 

James spent six years of his life with an unrequited crush on Lily Evans. His crush on Regulus has only existed for 2 weeks so far, and he has no doubt that it's unrequited too, but as each second goes by, there's an invisible shovel slowly carving at his chest in a way that Lily never did.

 

 

It's almost three and a half days before the wards allow anyone but Sirius inside. As soon as they realise, Evan and Barty are inside his room and inside his personal space.

 

"Not you running from your problems again", Barty says, rolling his eyes.

 

"Yeah, not you literally running from your problems", Evan repeats with a loaded glance at Regulus that he can't quite decipher.

 

"Evan, what the fuck is that supposed to mean?" he asks.

 

Evan just smiles smugly, full of amusement, and says, "wouldn't you like to know?"

 

Regulus would like to know, but Evan seems unwilling to indulge him.

 

So does Barty apparently, if the way he glances at Evan sharply is anything to go by. He's scrutinising him like he might find answers somewhere in his face, but Evan looks delighted at the prospect of having something to hold over the others' heads.

 

"I suppose you'll find out eventually, Reg. You did last time, after all."

 

"Evan, are you going to tell me what you're talking about or just keep on being annoying?" Regulus asks flatly, unwilling to participate in this stupid little game or whatever it is.

 

"I'll just keep on being annoying", Evan replies brightly before he wraps an arm around Regulus' shoulder and goes to ruffle his hair.

 

"Will you fuck off?" Regulus cries out, to which Evan simply says, "well, would you rather hang with us or James Potter?"

 

"I'm never seeing him again", Regulus complains, dramatically flopping onto his bed at the end of his sentence, "I can't believe that happened."

 

"Yeah, that makes two of us, Reg," Barty interjects, finally joining the conversation. "What the fuck made you decide to save his parents when you couldn't even save yours?"

 

"Different circumstances" is all Regulus says to that, unwilling to discuss the truth behind his motivations.

 

Evan and Barty are trying to wheedle it out of him, but he is holding steadfast. He's sure the truth will come out eventually, but he does not want it to be today. 

 

"I'm not telling you anything; now go away," Regulus says instead, knowing full well that they won't, and sure enough, all Evan and Barty do is laugh in response.

 

"You really thought you could get rid of us?" Barty laughs, "you pretended to die to escape us, but we're still here."

 

"Yeah, that was harsh, Reg," Evan adds. "You could've just said you didn't want to be my friend, I would've been able to take it, but no, you had to pretend to die, and only me literally being in Azkaban was enough to make you break your façade."

 

"That is not how it happened –" Regulus begins, but both of them are ignoring him.

 

"I had it worse", Barty argues, "I had it way worse than you, Evan. Yeah, we thought Reg had died so you lost a friend, but I lost my boyfriend. No breakup, no warning, nothing. He ghosted me. He literally ghosted me."

 

Barty still seems quite indignant, but Evan and Regulus break out into hysterical laughter at this, even though it's not actually that funny at all.

 

Regulus doesn't think he's laughed like this since he disappeared; there was nothing funny about being on the run and nothing funny about returning from the dead and seeing Dumbledore once a week, but right here, right now with his friends? This is it. This is the moment.

 

Naturally, the moment is ruined shortly after he's had this thought.

 

"Are you sure you don't want to go find James Potter?" Evan asks sweetly, which makes Regulus narrow his eyes, and this only increases as Barty adds, "yeah, I'm sure James Potter would love to see you." 

 

Barty and Evan share a glance together, and whatever they wordlessly communicate makes both of their faces light up in delight, literally beaming with half-excited, half-menacing grins as they look at Regulus and then back at each other.

 

"Does he?" Evan asks.

 

"He sure does."

 

"Does he?" Barty asks.

 

"Oh, absolutely."

 

"Will someone tell me what the hell is going on?" Regulus asks frustratedly. He's not used to not knowing things, and he's wondering if Barty and Evan are having deliberately nonsensical conversations just to spite him.

 

Evan and Barty share another quick glance, look back at Regulus, and in unison say, "no."

 

They then let out sharp gasps of pain in unison as Regulus sends stinging hexes at the pair of them.

 

"Are you being deliberately obtuse or just annoying?" Regulus asks, rolling his eyes.

 

"Wouldn't you like to know?" Evan laughs out, only laughing harder as Regulus practically pouts and sends another stinging hex at him.

 

"They're all waiting for you out there", Evan then says, launching into a brand new topic with no warning whatsoever, "I know Potter wants to see you especially –"

 

"Oh, I bet he does", Barty says, grinning wildly, his eyes full of glinted delight that Regulus still can't decipher. Well, he can tell that he's pleased about something and thinks he has leverage over Regulus, but what this something is is an absolute mystery.

 

"Are you sure you don't want to see him, Reg?" Evan asks, smiling in the same manner as Barty, secrets hidden behind the crinkles of his eyes staring intently as he waits for Regulus' reply.

 

Yes, but I don't know why Regulus thinks.

 

"No," he says out loud. "Why would I want to see him?"

 

"Well, there's clearly something you want to say to him; you did save his parents after all", Barty counters back, unimpressed with Regulus' logic and this feeling only deepens as he replies,

 

"So?"

 

"You're fucking impossible. Evan, let's leave him to his obliviousness, and we'll go scheming."

 

"What? What are you –" Regulus begins, but it's too late. They've both left the room.

 

Regulus is still refusing to.

 

 

Three and a half weeks after James Potter found out Regulus saved his parents, Regulus still hasn't left his room.

 

He's still hiding away, unwilling to run into him, talk to him, or have anything to do with him ever again, even though there's some unknown part of him that does want to see him for some unknown reason.

 

He can't work it out.

 

He doesn't even like James Potter, he literally hates him, but there's a part of Regulus that almost misses him even though he never had him in the first place.

 

And he hates it.

 

He probably just wants to like him because Sirius does, but he can't for three reasons.

 

One, James Potter will never like him back.

 

Two, Regulus Black hates James Potter.

 

Three, Regulus isn't allowed to like people, especially not Gryffindors.

 

Only weak people would do that, and Regulus isn't allowed to be weak.

 

Yes, his mother may be dead, but her voice lives on forever in Regulus' mind, criticising every move he makes.

 

And even thinking about willingly talking to James Potter? The only thing his mother would say to that is "crucio."

 

Sirius comes in multiple times a day to bring him food and to talk to him, which Regulus always pretends to be annoyed about, but he is secretly grateful for.

 

What he doesn't appreciate is Sirius' opening line every time he enters the room.

 

"Hey Reggie, James is still waiting to talk to you."

 

Regulus always responds in the same way.

 

"He can go fuck himself."

 

"Reggie –"

 

"Sirius, I'm not fucking talking about this!"

 

Then, Sirius will either give up and they'll work on repairing their relationship by discussing anything but what they actually need to discuss. Or, Sirius won't give up, and Regulus will rage, scream, and curse him until he leaves.

 

Only once has he been kicked out by the wards.

 

It was when he made an offhand comment about their parents in a fit of anger and frustration. He had told Regulus that he had always lived under their thumb and he never could do anything to defy them until they died, so he's probably so grateful that somebody killed them off just so that he could live his own life even though he kept murdering people and is he happy that he became the person that they always wanted him to be.

 

Sirius had been mid-rant when he had seen Regulus' face crumple, and he was suddenly talking to the door.

 

Regret had set in almost instantly, especially when he had done the maths and realised that Regulus had started defying their parents at least six months before they died. Plus, the fact that he literally murdered everything that his parents supported; blood supremacists, fellow Slytherins, Voldemort, only proves that he's well and truly redeemed himself, but there was no way Sirius could get back inside.

 

Sirius keeps checking the wards periodically, but he's still locked out, so after 9 and a half hours of hopeless endeavours, he gives up and decides to try again tomorrow; what's the worst that could happen overnight anyways?

 

 

Regulus Black and James Potter are sitting in the library.

 

It's early morning, the sun has just risen, and light is streaming through the tall glass windows, illuminating the room.

 

They're laughing. 

 

Regulus doesn't even know what he's laughing about, but he's happy. He's genuinely happy, and sitting here with James feels like somehow the puzzle pieces have all managed to fit together perfectly when he didn't even know he was solving one in the first place.

 

He glances back towards the window, and it's dark, all of the room's warmth gone. Has the sun just set? He thought it had just risen? He looks back to the other side of the sofa and sees that James is gone too.

 

Regulus is cold.

 

He's so cold that he feels as though he's back in Azkaban and can feel the tendrils of a dementor's cloaked hand curling around his neck. He jumps to his feet and goes to run away, but he can't move or find his wand.

 

He's frantically trying to find it, the dementor is coming closer, sucking all of the warmth and joy out of the air, and as Regulus scrambles backwards, his muscles finally working, he tips off the couch and falls through the floor into the drawing room. When he regains his bearings, he's not the one lying on the floor.

 

It's Sirius.

 

He'd be screaming if his vocal cords hadn't been torn to shreds.

 

“Maman, please stop, je vous en prie" Regulus cries out desperately. "Please maman, arrêtez ça, maudissez-moi et laissez-le tranquille, please maman."

 

Walburga Black turns her head to face Regulus, but her eyes are wide and unseeing.

 

She's dead.

 

Regulus screams in anguish, trying to run away, and when he looks at Sirius to cry for help, he's dead too.

 

"No, no, please", he screams. Why is everybody dying? He needs to run away and save himself, but he stumbles as he tries, and when he looks down, he sees his legs rotting away before his eyes.

 

When he reaches for his wand, he sees that his hands are rotting too.

 

Reggie

 

Everybody is dying.

 

Reggie

 

Including him.

 

Regulus

 

He's screaming, pleading for anyone, anything, to help him when his mother turns towards him, a green light fills his vision, and he gasps out his last breath –

 

"Regulus!"

 

He gasps awake, the room still dark, a silhouette standing over him shaking his shoulders, shouting his name, which he shoves away before he grabs his wand from the bedside table.

 

He casts three cutting hexes, not enough to sever a limb, just enough to bleed, and he sees the person in his peripheral vision tense instinctively, but the curses never hit them.

 

Their aim is true, and Regulus watches as blood drips down his wrist, thigh and ankle, marking his skin, where the small rivers form words across his skin that only he can read.

 

You're alive

 

Regulus sighs in relief and slumps back against his pillows, still watching himself bleed as a dichotomy of proof of life.

 

He's almost in a trance, unwilling to heal himself yet. Every time he blinks, he's still seeing rotten flesh and tasting cave water, and the bedroom light turning on, and his brother's face far too close to his own as he shakes his shoulders, still can't snap him out of it.

 

"Regulus! Regulus! Wake up. Are you awake? Have you been possessed?" 

 

Sirius is frantic. The last time he saw his brother was over half a day ago, and he's learnt that nothing is more terrifying is hearing your brother's screams reverberate through the entire house, wondering if he's being attacked and not knowing if you can enter his room to save him.

 

Luckily this wasn't the case; it seemed to be the opposite really, like the wards were trying to pull Sirius in, like they knew that Regulus needed him.

 

In any case, Regulus isn't asleep anymore, but he isn't entirely awake either. He's hovering on the cusp of something, Sirius doesn't quite know what. He's just watching his brother, who is watching his arms bleed, and oh shit, the cutting hexes didn't miss after all.

 

"Regulus, wake up! What is going on?" Sirius bursts out almost frightenedly, grabbing his wand, healing Regulus' cuts and vanishing the blood.

 

 For some reason, this makes things worse.

 

Regulus was almost too calm before, practically detached from reality as he watched himself bleed, but now it's as though a switch has been flipped. He's lashing out violently, pushing away invisible hands, trying to bring his leg away from a curse that hasn't been cast, and he's reaching for his wand again in his panic –

 

Sirius feels slightly bad that he's grateful for Regulus being malnourished and physically weaker than him, and just, wraps his arms around Regulus, who is writhing violently on the bed and restrains him entirely.

 

There's a constant mutter of "no, no, stop, stop, no, go away, go away, I said stop, please" that Sirius can't quite make sense of, but he doesn't think it's for him. He doesn't even know if Regulus has realised that he's still there.

 

Still, he holds Regulus and tries shouting his name, shaking him, whispering platitudes, but nothing seems to work, so Sirius figures he just has to ride out whatever is going on in Regulus' head.

 

It's almost four minutes later when Regulus abruptly goes still, his whole body stiffening –

 

"Regulus? Regulus! Can you hear me? Are you there?"

 

"Sirius" is the slurred response, and then just as suddenly as Regulus' muscles locked up, his whole body goes limp, and Sirius rushes to change his grip and catch him before he falls off the bed.

 

He lies him back down and immediately casts a diagnostic charm, but there's nothing to show except a slightly elevated heartbeat that is slowly returning to normal.

 

He's gone back to sleep.

 

What the fuck was that? Sirius wonders in a mixture of fear and disbelief.

 

He's not leaving his brother on his own after that, so he conjures up a chair, dims the main light and waits for his brother to wake up.

 

 

Regulus wakes up five hours later.

 

He's immediately confused by the light in the room. He usually sleeps in complete darkness, but the main light is dim but definitely on, and when he rolls to his side, he sees his brother on the chair watching him.

 

He flinches.

 

"What the fuck are you doing here?" he cries out in alarm, which he thinks is a valid response. Literally what reason is there for his brother to come into his room and watch over him like he just had another mental breakdown or something –

 

Oh.

 

Oh fuck.

 

Regulus can see when Sirius sees the moment of realisation on his face because Sirius' face softens with pity and concern, and Regulus feels a flush of embarrassment start colouring his cheeks, so he just rolls over with his face in his pillow so Sirius can't see him, and groans.

 

"C'mon Reggie, don't be like that –"

 

"Don't talk to me."

 

"Reggie, I think we should talk –"

 

"I'm having a shower, be gone by the time I come back", and then Regulus goes into his ensuite, locks the door, steps into the shower and tries to piece together what happened.

 

He had a nightmare, he knows that, and he sure as hell hasn't forgotten it. The nightmare isn't new; it's just a combination of all of his worst memories, but the start of it? With James Potter? Where he was happy? That's definitely a new one, and although it would make sense for that to be a nightmare too, Regulus doesn't think it started out as one.

 

No, it was nice, but Regulus doesn't do nice, so he has no idea where the dream came from.

 

Still, he can't get it out of his head.

 

He and James Potter are not a nice combination.

 

Or are they?

 

He takes a ridiculously long shower, hoping that Sirius will get the hint that he does not want to talk about what happened. Two breakdowns to his brother in the past 3 weeks is an awful effort, clearly dropping his occlumency shields made him more emotional than he thought, and he hates it.

 

Still, he can't shower forever, so he dries himself off, walks into his wardrobe to get dressed, and hopes Sirius isn't still waiting.

 

Unsurprisingly, he's disappointed.

 

"I told you to leave."

 

"Well, I'm telling you to sit. We need to talk."

 

"You can talk, I'm not saying anything."

 

"Fine."

 

"Fine."

 

There's a short glaring match that is broken when Sirius points to the edge of the bed, raising his eyebrow, and Regulus stomps over and sits heavily, still glaring. 

 

He knows Sirius isn't going to give up on his stupid passion for talking, so either he does it here, or they go somewhere where everybody else can overhear.

 

At least he has the option to kick Sirius out of his room, but his wards are still faulty, and they haven't done it yet.

 

He doesn't know why; it's not like he wants Sirius here right now.

 

That's a lie. He always wants Sirius.

 

"What?" Regulus bites out, already uncomfortable.

 

"Why are you asking me what?" Sirius asks incredulously, "how about I ask you what. How about you tell me what the fuck happened this morning?"

 

"None of your business", Regulus says tightly, wishing he was anywhere else.

 

"I think you made it my business when you were screaming my name at 3 in the morning," Sirius replies unwaveringly, which makes Regulus tip his head back and sigh at the ceiling.

 

"Yes, well, I didn't mean to, so how about you leave, and we forget this ever happened," Regulus says, but it's an unconvincing argument to his own ears. He doesn't need to look at Sirius to know the expression on his face.

 

Slightly concerned, slightly annoyed with more than a large bit of frustration as he tries to pry answers out of Regulus.

 

"Why did you cast a cutting hex at yourself, Reggie?" Sirius asks delicately, "are you, well –"

 

"Suicidal?" Regulus asks dryly.

 

"Depressed", Sirius stresses out, watching Regulus closely for the telltale signs of a breakdown, but instead, Regulus seems to be darkly amused.

 

"No more than usual", Regulus responds, which isn't reassuring in the slightest, but he surprisingly has more to say.

 

He sighs and looks at Sirius, seemingly debating with himself whether he wants to be vulnerable or not.

 

In the end, he decides it doesn't really matter. Sirius saw him in the middle of a nightmare/panic attack/hallucination fit, so how bad can casual words be over a breakfast-time conversation?

 

"It's not, to hurt myself", Regulus explains awkwardly, feeling as though he's talking to a mind healer, "I do to prove something to myself."

 

"To prove you're depressed?" Sirius shoots back, unimpressed by Regulus' shit answers that neither explain nor reassure him in the slightest.

 

"To prove I'm alive", Regulus replies, wincing slightly at the fact he's voiced it out loud. Sirius still looks lost, so he elaborates, "if I'm bleeding, then I'm not decomposing."

 

"Reggie, what the fuck?" Sirius replies, aghast. He really doesn't know how else to respond to that. "What the fuck happened to you? Why would you think you're fucking decomposing? You're not a banana peel in a compost bin."

 

Regulus blinks rapidly at Sirius and then says, "yes, I am aware." 

 

Then, "remember how I told you I lost my leg and had to regrow it?"

 

"Yes", Sirius replies slowly. He thinks this is the most Regulus has ever talked about his war experience, and he doesn't want to ruin the trust Regulus apparently has in him now that he's finally opening up.

 

"There was a curse that hit my ankle, and I watched my leg decompose. There wasn't a counter curse I could find, so my options were to decompose and die, or cut it off and hope the curse hadn't already spread through my body. Evidently, I chose the latter."

 

"Well," Sirius says inadequately, "I'm glad you didn't decompose." He really doesn't know how he's supposed to respond to this. Yeah, he and the marauders all have their own war stories and trauma, but if this is what Regulus opens with and evidently considers to be a lighter topic, then he's sure that he has a lot more memories hidden away. Sirius wonders how frequently the nightmares occur and if they'll ever go away.

 

It's been no more than 10 minutes, but Regulus isn't used to such emotionally taxing conversations. In recent years, the only evidence of them exists exclusively in his brain and in the memory vials in the pouch around his neck, but Regulus thinks he might peel off his own skin if he stays in Sirius' presence any longer.

 

His room which he hasn't left for the past 3 weeks is also becoming mildly claustrophobic, but he's sure that being in the same room as James Potter would be worse than his own company.

 

"Where's Potter?" he asks Sirius.

 

"At his parents', actually. He's been going there a lot after, you know, the news."

 

"Yes, the news," Regulus sighs out. "Well, I'll go visit Barty and Evan, and you can just, leave."

 

"Always a pleasure, Reggie, so glad we both enjoyed ourselves"

 

"Not what I said, now let yourself out."

 

"I love you, Reggie."

 

"Sirius, fuck off out of here."

 

Sirius does, and Regulus hears his laughter ringing down the hallway.

 

He rolls his eyes as he goes and decides to escape his room now that Potter is out and can't find him, so he walks into Evan and Barty's room without knocking.

 

Only Evan is there, and his face visibly lights up in surprise as he sees who it is.

 

"Reg! You're still alive! I was beginning to wonder if you'd forgotten to use your own door handle with the time you spent in your room."

 

"I'll leave again," Regulus warns even as he sits down on the edge of the bed but sees a familiar bottle of cologne on the bedside table.

 

"Are you and Barty still sharing a room?" he asks in confusion, looking closely at Evan, who seems to be debating two different emotions with himself.

 

"Yes," is all he replies stiffly, unwilling to elaborate and ignoring Regulus' intense glance and the way it becomes almost knowing.

 

Evan hopes it isn't too knowing.

 

Regardless, all Regulus does now is stare at Evan and wait for him to start the conversation.

 

Evan does. 

 

"Don't hex me or leave, okay? I already know that I'm right."

 

"This does not sound enjoyable," Regulus mutters, frowning at Evan, who seems both excited and bracing himself for whatever he's about to say.

 

Regulus isn't too worried, how bad can it be? It's not like Evan knows half of the things he's done, and he'd like to keep it this way, so he can't imagine it's a bad thing that Evan wants to discuss.

 

It's not bad per se, but Regulus is still blindsided.

 

"You have a crush on James Potter."

 

Regulus' head snaps over to Evan from where he was staring out the window, and Evan grins triumphantly.

 

"I knew it."

 

"I do not have a crush on James Potter. I don't even like him."

 

"Yeah, you do, I can tell. You like like him," Evan replies teasingly.

 

"Like how you like like Barty?" Regulus counters, raising an eyebrow, and now it's Evan's turn to snap his head around.

 

"I don't like Barty," Evan says quickly. How the fuck did Regulus know? Does Barty know?

 

"I've seen the way you look at him, Evan", Regulus says amusedly. "I had a crush on him first, remember, so I suppose I can't blame you for it. Anyways I recognised the signs –"

 

"I don't like Barty!"

 

"And I don't like James Potter," Regulus replies, successfully cornering Evan into a corner where he has to give information about Barty to find out more about Regulus and James.

 

"Right then," Evan says, conceding defeat.

 

"Right then", Regulus echoes before they stare at each other for a long, neither learning more about the other than they already knew.

 

Regulus stands up to leave, but he pauses at the door and looks at Evan.

 

"If you were to want to date Barty, I wouldn't mind", he says. "I know he's my ex, but I wouldn't mind if you wanted him."

 

"I don't want him," Evan replies quickly, which makes Regulus laugh?

 

"Good call", he says, amused, "Barty is something alright," but then he becomes serious again. "If you change your mind, though, remember this."

 

"Right, I'll keep that in mind if my mind were to ever change", Evan fumbles out, making Regulus throw him an entertained glance. 

 

"If you were to date James Potter, I'd say shit choice, but I also wouldn't mind".

 

"I'm not going to date James Potter because I do not have a crush on him," Regulus hisses out frustratedly, all previous entertainment forgotten as he whirls away, shuts the door behind him and freezes.

 

Standing in front of him is James Potter.

 

 

James has been waiting 23 days to see Regulus again. 23 days after he found out that Regulus literally saved his parents for some unknown reason. Sirius said he talked to him a bit but refused to tell James what he said. He doesn't even know if he told Remus, but Sirius seems to get oddly choked up every time the topic is brought up.

 

He had waited for hours and hours outside Regulus' door on the first night, hoping to talk to him, hoping for anything, but he hadn't been able to enter, and Regulus hadn't seemed inclined to leave. 23 days later, nothing has changed. He doesn't know why he's so disappointed, it's not like he ever has been, but the only thing that had made him feel slightly better was that Crouch wasn't allowed in either.

 

He is now, though.

 

Every time Barty passes James in the hall, he always makes some comment about how he's kissed Regulus or had sex with Regulus or that he's even had Regulus at all. Every time, James feels himself overflowing with bitter jealousy, and he knows that Barty knows the effect he has on him.

 

Barty will do it in front of anyone and with anyone, but he never does it in front of Rosier.

 

James still doesn't know why, but doesn't care enough to look into it closely.

 

In any case, he's just spent the day with his parents, and he's going to find Sirius when the door to Crouch and Rosier's room opens.

 

I do not want more comments about Regulus he thinks furiously before he sees who the person is coming out of the door.

 

Oh, I want this, he thinks ecstatically, his bad mood disappearing in a heartbeat.

 

It's Regulus.

 

The one person he's been waiting 23 days to see.

 

He's here.

 

James watches him and sees the second he realises who is in the hallway with him because he freezes and his eyes widen in alarm.

 

While watching Regulus, something seems to click in James' brain as he thinks back to the day Regulus murdered Fenrir Greyback as a gift for Remus because he thought it would make Sirius happy. 

 

This makes him understand more what his mum meant when she said that Regulus hides his gestures of love under layers of violence to the extent that they're practically unrecognisable.

 

He also thinks back to what he had thought about the entire situation. How it was nice in a rather dark way for Remus, but it wasn't what James would have wanted. 

 

He thinks about the rest of the sentence that had played in his mind.

 

How he didn't want anybody to murder for him, but he thought that it might be romantic if someone saved someone that he loved. That he thought that if someone did that, he wouldn't be able to help but love them –

 

Holy shit, James thinks delightedly, staring at Regulus with gradually widening eyes. I love Regulus Black.

 

 

Fuck me, Regulus thinks resignedly, staring at James with gradually widening eyes. I have a crush on James Potter.

 

Everything that Evan said, everything that happened at the start of his dream, the weird and entirely coincidental number of times that James crossed through his mind, it all clicks into place with such startingly clarity that even Regulus' denial can't convince him otherwise.

 

He has a crush on James Potter.

 

 

Both boys are frozen, staring into each other's eyes as they have their respective epiphanies until Regulus shudders back to life, pushes past James and almost runs up the stairs to his bedroom.

 

Not today.

 

"Regulus, please –"

 

The door slams shut.

 

James is willing to stand out here for hours, days, another 23 days if that's what it'll take. Hell, he'll wait another 23 years. He'll bang on the wards until Regulus gets sick enough of him to come out and force him to go away.

 

Even if he curses him to death, at least his face will be the last thing he sees before he goes.

 

He just has to see him. He loves him, and it's not like he can just go to sleep after this realisation.

 

He's ready to knock on the wards, to demand Regulus to show himself, and so he does.

 

But he doesn't hit the wards.

 

He hits the mahogany of the bedroom door.

 

James freezes, his heart beating erratically, and he swears he can somehow sense Regulus' eyes squeezing shut in the same way he did when James found out his patronus, like it was something to be ashamed of.

 

He moves his hand down and touches the door handle.

 

It turns.

 

James enters Regulus' bedroom.

 

The wards let him.

 
Notes:

    Translation: “Maman, please stop, je vous en prie" Regulus cries out desperately. "Please maman, arrêtez ça, maudissez-moi et laissez-le tranquille, please maman."

    "Mum, please stop, please," Regulus cries out desperately. "Please mum, stop it, curse me and leave him alone, please mum"

     

    THIS IS THE ENTIRE REASON I PLANNED THE SENTIENT WARDS INTO THE FIC AND THE MOMENT IS FINALLY HERE!!!!!

    ROSEKILLER IS A WRECK BUT THE JEGULUS TRAIN HAS STARTED WOOOOOOOOOOO. Will it be smooth sailing? Of course not it jegulus but a friendly reminder that this fic WILL have a happy ending.

    Also Effie being like yeah i knew it was Regulus, what an icon.

    Also Regulus being like, no Sirius, you think I'm a good person, I'm actually a terrible and selfish person who loves you and only saved these two people because I'm weak and i love you :((((((((( Not me crying over my own writing lmao.

    Also as you would have noticed with these chapters, they're either extremely dark and gruesome or just horribly sad but in the best way, you know?

     

    Hope this is living up to your expectations xx

Chapter 14: Chapter 13: December 1978
Summary:

    It's all about fire.

Notes:

    Okay so this is the shortest chapter in a good long while, but I just had nothing more to write and I figured that compared to a lot of fics, this isn't even that short of a chapter, it only is comparatively because mine tend to be rather long, so I hope it's not underwheleming.

    Good news though, the next 3 chapters are going to be IT and there will be at least 2 bombshells and 1 cliffhanger and it's not even THE TURNING POINT AND PLOT HIGHLIGHT, so be excited. They'll be long and angsty and dramatic and have everything about Regulus Black we know and love plus more :)))))

    I have a busy work schedule this week, but my schedule next week is very light so I reckon you can have all 3 chapters by next Sunday. I'm pretty sure I can get the next chapter out by this Sunday, I don't think I'll need longer, but I'll let you know here if that changes.

    Also just wanted to say thank you for over 20k hits? and 1k kudos? And over 300 bookmarks? I'm so glad that you're enjoying the fic and all I'll say is that chapter 20 is going to pop off too and be excited for the 3 interludes to come xxx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

December 1978

 

DEATH EATERS ATTACK POTTER MANOR, ANONYMOUS TIP-OFF SAVES FAMILY

 

It makes the front page of the newspaper the next day, and it stays on the first few pages for another week.

 

The photo that accompanies the article is always the same, Potter Manor, an ancient building from the eighth century that is entirely consumed by fire. Just before the loop of the photo ends, everyone can clearly see as the roof collapses in, bringing the walls down with it, and what used to be the manor becomes a pile of rubble as the dark mark hovers above it in the sky like a victory crown.

 

Magic is amazing, but there's no amount of magic that can repair that.

 

Regulus brings the newspaper back to his tent to keep up to date on the rest of the news in the wizarding world, but every time he sees the photo of Potter Manor, a surge of guilt and shame rushes through him.

 

He still hasn't decided if he's ashamed because his parents would've hated what he's done or if he's guilty because he knows but did it anyways.

 

It shouldn't be a surprise though,

 

He's weak after all.

 

Still, no matter how bad he's feeling at the moment, it'll be nothing to how the Death Eaters are feeling as Voldemort tries to find out who leaked the information.

 

Regulus doubts they'll all make it out of the interrogation alive. Voldemort doesn't let anybody off lightly for poor performance, so Regulus can barely imagine the punishment for being a traitor.

 

Still, he has full faith in his oblivation casting abilities, so even if Voldemort uses leglimens on Snape, there'll be no memories of Regulus to find. The knowledge that Snape is a spy for Dumbledore will still be there though, but if Snape has kept it a secret for this long, Regulus assumes he'll be fine.

 

Pity really; nobody likes Snape, so it would be no great loss to the world if he died.

 

Regulus has spent the past 2 weeks doing more research with minimal answers, and he needs more information. The only thing relevant, but not intrinsically useful to his horcrux hunt was from Crabbe this morning, who told him that there was a Death Eater raid tonight in Hull where their lives have been threatened by Voldemort himself if they don't make a statement.

 

Regulus assumes that means that the Death Eaters are going to go and flatten the village, so and figures that he'll go and watch, maybe even join in, and see who else will be there that may be able to help him.

 

He doesn't know where the Death Eaters are meeting in Hull, but it won't be hard to find them once the raid has started. He just has to follow the screaming, and since it's already dark, the green light will signify his path in a poor imitation of the northern lights.

 

The northern lights signify peace and serenity. Killing curses and dark marks signify the opposite.

 

Soon enough, the sky starts glowing and the townspeople start screaming, so Regulus follows the sound. He goes on foot because he doesn't want to apparate into the line of fire of a spell and get knocked out or killed, but the Death Eaters only seem to be a couple of kilometres away. By the time the Order starts arriving, Regulus is only 500 metres away, and he can see them in the middle of the road further down the street.

 

This battle seems to be worse than usual. 

 

Regulus doesn't doubt that it's out of fear from whatever Voldemort told them after he found out that someone, somehow either leaked information about the attack on the Potters or warned them themselves.

 

For revenge Regulus assumes, to show that he's still powerful, the Death Eaters targeted the McKinnon family the next night and left the entire house burning with all their bodies inside, the dark mark projected in the sky, which only enhanced the glow of embers of what used to be their house.

 

Four days later, Dorcas Meadows died, killed personally by Voldemort, but she had killed 6 Death Eaters in her hurt-driven rage. They'd been dating since fifth year, and Regulus and Dorcas used to be almost friends until he took the dark mark and disappeared, and she joined the Order.

 

Again, their friendship couldn't have survived no matter how you looked at it. A Death Eater and an Order member aren't compatible.

 

Another thing that Regulus already knows aren't compatible is a Death Eater and a traitor. He sees Barty hidden under his robes and mask from a block away, but he may as well be standing next to Regulus with how easily he recognises him.

 

Guess I'm still not over him yet,  Regulus thinks, looking wistfully at Barty and a pang of sadness mixed with nostalgia floods through him. It could have been him standing there next to him; no pressure, no morals, nothing more to do than hang out with his friends and be the good little pure-blood heir his parents always wanted him to be.

 

They were proud of him when he took the mark, but they're undoubtedly disappointed with him now, and they don't even know that he's a traitor. No, it's cowardly to die young, a Black should always do better and be better than everyone else, but they can't do that if they're dead.

 

Despite everything he did for them, everything he gave up for them, everything he changed so that he'd have a greater chance of them liking him, Regulus wonders if Sirius is still their favourite son.

 

He thinks he knows the answer but doesn't think he likes it.

 

Speaking of Sirius, he's just arrived and has already incapacitated three Death Eaters before most others have recovered from the apparation, but Regulus doesn't care that his ex-colleagues are stunned, injured, or on their way towards dying.

 

So long as none of the Death Eaters hit Sirius and none of the light hits Evan or Barty, he doesn't care who lives or dies.

 

For now, he's on a corner street in between both sides, and his eyes are being strained as he looks in two directions at once. Evan and Barty on his left, Sirius on his right, and he's glad he's here to protect the both of them because the fighting is dirty.

 

It's brutal and chaotic, and Regulus doesn't see any curses coming out of the Death Eaters' wands that aren't deadly, which means the battle is more about the Order's agility to dodge than their actual duelling skills.

 

Every second spell is a bone-breaking curse, every third spell is an organ exploding or an entrail expelling curse, and every fifth curse is a killing curse. 

 

He kills Nott, who aims an entrail expelling curse that misses Sirius by an inch, and he stuns two light witches who have teamed up and are trying to fight Evan and Barty. He has no qualms about killing them, but he doesn't want to miss and hit his brother by accident, so he supposes it's a lucky day to be a member of the light.

 

It's also a lucky day to be Regulus as he sees Dumbledore amongst his child soldiers, casting spell after spell at the Death Eaters, but he's so focused that he doesn't notice Regulus on his own side of the fight, hidden in his alleyway as he creeps along the shadows undetected and cuts off Dumbledore's left arm just below the elbow.

 

He missed his wand arm, which is unfortunate, he wouldn't mind if Dumbledore was unable to defend himself and just dropped dead. Still, now he is going to need to deal with a night of skele grow, which is a right bugger of a time. Regulus would know.

 

In a rather underwhelming response, Dumbledore just uses his wand arm to cast a spell to stop the bleeding and then goes right back to fighting.

 

What a shame,  Regulus thinks. He would have loved to watch him bleed out and know that he was the one who made it happen.

 

Regulus becomes distracted by this thought for a second, but it only takes a second for him to lose concentration on the battle, and then Sirius' agonised scream fills the air.

 

No, Regulus thinks desperately.

 

No, no, no.

 

Sirius can't have been hit by anything, and he can't be dying, and he can't be screaming because he's in pain.

 

He can't be.

 

And he's not. 

 

He's not in pain, or not physical pain anyways.

 

James Potter is.

 

Regulus watches in slow motion as the spell aiming for Sirius' chest closes in on its target, and Regulus is too slow to stop it.

 

Sirius is too slow as well and seems to watch his life flash before his eyes in a specific shade of violet.

 

Sirius is too slow to be able to move out of the way. 

 

James Potter can't push Sirius out of the way either, but he can throw himself in front of him.

 

So he does.

 

He takes the curse, and he screams too, as his blood starts boiling. Within seconds, it's coming out of his ears, eyes and mouth.

 

James Potter has no more than 30 seconds until he's dead, and it's obvious to everybody looking at him, especially Sirius. He's sobbing hysterically over his body even as he frantically casts every counter curse he can think of in an effort to save him.

 

They were destined to meet at 11, destined to be best friends, destined to be brothers, but they were never destined to live without each other.

 

If James Potter dies, then Sirius Black dies too.

 

Fuck , Regulus thinks despondently, I have to protect him too.

 

 

 

The fight is starting to die down, the aurors are on the scene and trying to round up the Death Eaters, who are still sending dark curses everywhere. Regulus curses up to the stars, prays he's not about to die and trade his life for a blood traitor's and removes himself from the alleyway he was in to rush over to James Potter.

 

Even though it's Potter who is literally dying, he can't help but glance at Sirius first; it's the first time that he's seen his brother in almost 6 months, after all.

 

It's only now that it occurs to him that despite his glamours, Sirius would undoubtedly notice his wand if he pulled it out and his voice if he started talking.

 

He hasn't seen him yet, though; he's still standing over James, who is lying on the ground, almost unconscious and no matter what Sirius, or Remus try, they can't reverse the curse. Regulus is surprised that the other member of their quartet, Pettigrew, isn't with them; he thought the entire Order was here, but whatever, he doesn't really care.

 

He just needs to heal Potter and get out of here.

 

James Potter has no more than 15 seconds left to live; he's coughing up blood now. Luckily for him, Regulus recognises the curse easily and knows that Dolohov cast it. It's a blood-boiling curse that kills someone painfully in less than 40 seconds and is a special Regulus Black variation of the typical blood-crystallising spell, so he's also the only one who knows its counter curse.

 

He waves his wand over James, says the spell almost silently, and then wordlessly vanishes the blood from his airways so that Sirius won't hear him. It works instantly, which makes James' eyes fly open as he looks around and tries to place together what happened.

 

"Prongs, oh merlin, thank fuck you're okay. You are okay, right?" Sirius asks, frantically patting down James, who is looking at Regulus.

 

"Thank you", James breathes out, genuinely grateful. "What was that spell? How did you know what to do? I've never seen you in the Order before. Are you new?"

 

Regulus is almost overwhelmed by the utter barrage of questions by someone who was seconds ago, mere seconds away from death.

 

Regulus ignores him and stares at Sirius instead. He memorises the way his hair has been cut since he last saw him and how he seems the slightest bit taller, but still an inch or two shorter than Regulus, and when Sirius demands an impatient "well? Are you going to answer or not?" Regulus walks away before he can do something stupid like remove his glamours and tell his brother that he misses him.

 

A "who are you and where the fuck did you come from?" is ignored, and the last thing he hears before the marauders disapparates is Remus saying, "your family has some kind of guardian angel out there, Prongs," and Sirius saying "yeah, there must be someone who really loves you."

 

Not quite Sirius,  Regulus thinks forlornly. There's just someone who knows how much you do.

 

Before Regulus apparates, he grabs a Death Eater to take with him, and when he removes their mask, he is well and truly disappointed. He probably chose the thickest person in the Death Eaters. Hell, he's probably the thickest person the world has ever seen.

 

"Huh, you look just like Regulus Black."

 

"Goyle, I am Regulus Black."

 

"Huh."

 

 

Goyle is one of the Death Eaters who went to school in the same era as Lucius Malfoy and the Lestrange brothers, but alongside Crabbe, he's definitely one of the most useless. Talking to him is like talking to a brick wall most of the time, and Regulus wonders if he'll get more answers from one.

 

Goyle is still looking around like there's an escape, and he keeps squinting at Regulus like he still can't tell if he's an imposter or not.

 

Regulus sighs. This is going to be an exceptionally useless interrogation and will only be used to express the self-disgust he's feeling at saving James Potter's life in the form of anger and brutality as he tortures Goyle for information that he undoubtedly doesn't have.

 

Still, it's not like he's got anything to lose by trying.

 

"If I wasn't a Black, would I know this spell?" Regulus asks dully, and with a wave of his wand, Goyle is trapped in a loop of his worst nightmares.

 

Regulus wonders how long he'll have to hold it until he features in them.

 

After 30 seconds of Goyle sweating and screaming, Regulus cancels the spell and stands with an eyebrow raised, waiting for Goyle to realise that it wasn't real. He eventually looks up at Regulus and stammers, "that's, that's, only a Black can cast that curse."

 

"Correct", Regulus says. "And I'm too young to be my father and too attractive to be my brother, so here I am, Regulus Black, back from the dead."

 

"You're going to regret it when the Dark Lord catches up with you –"

 

"Incorrect", Regulus replies sharply, "Voldemort is going to regret it when I catch up with him. Now, will you tell me what I want to know or do I need to pry it out of you, piece by piece?"

 

"Why would I know anything that you don't, Black?" Goyle asks dumbly. "Besides Malfoy and Bellatrix, you were always one of his favourites, maybe even his favourite before you died."

 

"Don't insult me like that," Regulus cuts in sharply, forcibly ignoring the slight warmth in his chest of knowing that for once in his life, he was good enough for someone, and instead hiding the feeling in the deepest recesses of his mind. "Tell me more about what happened at the Potter's. Tell me the run-through of it all, everything."

 

Goyle hesitates, so Regulus sends him back to his nightmares for another 2 minutes.

 

Go and suffer, you prick,  he thinks, and he uses Goyle's screams of fear and anguish to distract himself from the fact that he's afraid he's turning into a Gryffindor; saving three people in the space of a week who are all Gryffindors and even worse, all Potter's? How appaling.

 

Regulus is disappointed in himself, and his parents surely will be as well.

 

Nobody wants a weak son after all.

 

Goyle is screaming and crying, almost catatonic with fear, and when Regulus cancels the spell, he doesn't even seem to notice.

 

He's just seen his worst fears come to life and knows that Regulus could undoubtedly cast the spell again until he can't differentiate reality from insanity, but that isn't what scares him the most.

 

No, what scares him is the way Regulus slowly walks towards him, like a predator chasing its prey, as he ignores the way Goyle is straining in his bonds to lean down and whisper in his ear:

 

"Next time I cast the spell, will you see me too? Or will you tell me what I need to know, and we'll leave it as a mystery?"

 

Just as Regulus knew he would, Goyle shakes his head frantically, stumbling over his words as he tries to desperately communicate the fact that he's ready to talk.

 

Most conveniently, so is Regulus.

 

"As I said earlier, tell me more about what happened at the Potter's."

 

Goyle does.

 

"We had a meeting in the morning", he begins slowly, glancing at Regulus for confirmation that he's not going to be cursed again, but he evidently notices the impatient expression on Regulus' face and hurriedly continues talking.

 

"The Dark Lord had been annoyed at our poor performance during our raids and how we hadn't killed as many members of the light as we should have. So, due to Snape's suggestion, we were going to make a statement that nobody is safe and that we deserve to be feared. We were going for the Potters."

 

Regulus had guessed as much, and he's debating whether or not to end the interrogation early, but Goyle is still speaking.

 

"The plan was to burn down the wards and then have a group of us go inside and torture them because, you know, that's what we do. Snape made sure that he was going to be one of them; it was probably his reward for suggesting it in the first place. We got there, the wards burnt easily and then we went inside, but nobody was there. Their dinner was still hot though, half-eaten on the kitchen table, so somehow, they knew. We all got tortured for answers, but none have been found –"

 

"Okay, go back a few sentences", Regulus cuts in; there's something here that just doesn't make sense. "How the fuck did incendio get through centuries, if not a millennium's worth, of Potter family wards?" 

 

As much as Regulus hates to admit it, the Potters are an incredibly powerful family; nothing like the Blacks of course, but incendio should have dissipated before it hit the wards, even if every single Death Eater cast it at once.

 

Goyle just looks at Regulus like he's stupid, which is an emotion he probably thought he'd never be on the giving end of.

 

"It wasn't normal fire", Goyle says slowly and highly judgementally, "it was fiendfyre. The Dark Lord cast it himself."

 

"Oh", Regulus breathes out, his mouth dropping open in shock as another piece of the puzzle fits together in his head.

 

You can't fight the darkest of objects without the darkest of spells, and fiendfyre is made to destroy. Of course Voldemort knows how to cast it, and of course he used it as a statement; using such a dark spell to destroy such a light family like the Potters.

 

Fiendfyre isn't even fire, really; it's just a culmination of pure dark magic, and the flames aren't orange; they're Black, practically obsidian.

 

Fiendfyre destroyed a millennium's worth of family wards in seconds.

 

Regulus is going to use it to destroy Voldemort's horcruxes, and then, he's going to destroy him.

 

The key flaw in this plan is that he must first learn how to cast it without killing himself and the entirety of Wizarding Britain in the process.

 

He doesn't quite know where he's going to it, though, and he wonders where Voldemort learnt it when he was young.

 

There's a great room for curse casting in the basement of Grimmauld Place, but his parents are still living there, and they would most definitely notice him if he were on the wards.

 

He could practice on random towns, but there's a chance of the fire burning out of control and literally burning down the entirety of Britain, both magical and muggle, because there's no counter curse to fiendfyre; only the caster can cancel the spell.

 

Only extremely advanced wards can restrain it, which Regulus is sure the casting room in Grimmauld Place has. They'll also be dark and highly illegal, which is perfect.

 

Still, that's a later problem; he can't do anything with his parent's home, but maybe he could see if the Lestranges have one? Bella is probably more likely to die than his parents are, and they don't have an heir; Regulus killed both of them off. Once she dies, it'll probably be returned to the Blacks but left uninhabited because neither he nor Sirius will want it.

 

Conveniently for Regulus, Black blood can't be blocked from Black family wards, regardless of whether they're perceived to be alive or not, so he'll be able to enter. Regulus could dig up his great great grandmother, and if she hadn't decomposed entirely, she could also make it through the wards.

 

Regulus nearly throws up at the realisation that one day he'll die and decompose too.

 

He's getting cremated, no questions asked. He'll even take being chopped up and used for potion ingredients if that's an option, but there is no way that he is going to decompose like he nearly did back in September.

 

No fucking way.

 

For now, the only thing that's getting cremated is Voldemort and his stupid fucking horcruxes once Regulus gets around to finding the other five of them.

 

He lets Goyle go, figuring he deserves a reward after completely changing the course of Regulus' horcrux hunt, but also unwilling to phrase it like that and give him the honour of the title.

 

He wasn't planning to, but he sits down and writes a poem that night.

 

 

Regulus’ journal: 17 December 1978

 

You wrap yourself in oxygen and shelter yourself under wood, but I am drowning in kerosene.

 

I will draw you in,

 

Hold you close,

 

And light the match.

 
Notes:

    If it was the scene where Regulus whispers about seeing him in his nightmares to James instead of Goyle, it would have been borderline foreplay.

    That's all xx

Chapter 15: Chapter 14: December 1980
Summary:

    Jegulus season, baby!

Notes:

    Here we go, over 10k words which undoubtedly makes up for the last chapter's length.

    Hope you enjoy as per usual, and I cannot wait for the comments xx

    My summer job has a 4 on, 2 off roster so I should still have lots of time to keep updates pretty frequent; Hoping for next chapter out Friday, definitely by next Sunday, but probably Thursday or Friday, be EXCITED for it.

    More of my personal thoughts in the end notes, don't read before the chapter for spoilers.

    Again, I hope you enjoy the jegulus monstrosity xx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

December 1980

 

Regulus has wished for death at many points in his life, but he's never wished for it quite so desperately as he does in this moment.

 

He hasn't even looked up, but he knows exactly who is in his room,

 

Who he can hear walking closer towards him, excited and hesitant at the same time,

 

Who should have never been allowed in his room in the first place and shouldn't have been able to make it through his sentient wards,

 

Who should never have been someone that Regulus truly wanted in his room in the first place.

 

But here he is,

 

Through the wards,

 

James Potter.

 

He literally hears his excited inhale as he prepares to speak, but Regulus cuts him off before he can begin with a sullen "don't talk to me right now."

 

As he knew it would be, his request was futile.

 

"You just let me in your wards, which means you want me here; did you really expect me to not say anything after that?"

 

Regulus doesn't reply. He's still staring at the wall and pretending James doesn't exist, a feat that becomes much more difficult when he walks around Regulus and leans against the wall Regulus was previously staring at.

 

Well, if he thought he could deny that James Potter is in his room, there's no way he can now.

 

Because here he is,

 

Trying to lean casually against the wall but too full of restless energy to entirely pull it off,

 

And all Regulus wants to do is kiss him.

 

Control yourself, Regulus. Your parents wouldn't let you kiss a Gryffindor, one half of Regulus thinks.

 

They're not here, the other part of him says.

 

The weaker side of him wins out, he always has been weak after all, and he can't help himself as he surges forwards, shoves James until his back hits the wall, and kisses him.

 

 

James is frozen at first, likely in surprise; it's not like Regulus has been giving out any signs that he's interested, but James has realised that he's always been an all-or-nothing sort of person.

 

He ignored James Potter from the moment he met him, and then the only time he willingly interacted with him was to save his life.

 

He never stood up for himself and did everything his parents told him to until some unknown turning point occurred in his life, where he hunted down and killed Voldemort by the age of 19.

 

Again, right now, while he's kissing James Potter, it's all or nothing.

 

And it's everything.

 

It's nothing like the sweet and soft kisses he gave Lily when they were together. No, this kiss is a lot like Regulus.

 

It's intense and overwhelming while simultaneously leaving him craving more, and James feels like everything is right in the world when his lips are on Regulus.' 

 

This is why about 20 seconds later, when Regulus pulls away, James feels lost, like he just looked up into the night sky but didn't see any stars.

 

Regulus is panting slightly, looking a mixture of ridiculously pleased and intensely horrified as he goes back to avoiding eye contact.

 

"You need to leave," he says suddenly, staring at another wall and pointedly ignoring the way he sees James' face fall in his peripheral vision.

 

"But I don't want to leave," James replies softly.

 

"You need to leave. I want you to leave", Regulus repeats forcefully. He doesn't know what response he was expecting, but it wasn't for James to step up next to him and whisper in his ear, "you don't kiss like someone who wants me to leave."

 

Regulus audibly snarls in frustration at this as he shoves James away and goes to storm out the door before he makes the mistake of looking back at James, who is staring at him softly, lips parted, cheeks flushed. The weakest part of him rears up again inside him as he kicks the door in frustration and practically stomps back over to James and smashes their lips together, and James melts into the kiss like he was waiting for it.

 

It's soft on James' side, almost overwhelming from Regulus, but it works.

 

It works.

 

It works until Regulus shoves James away again, says, "get the fuck out of my room," and walks away.

 

"Regulus, wait, what was this?" James asks desperately, trying to ensure it meant the same to Regulus as it did to him.

 

That it means something, anything –

 

"Nothing. It meant nothing."  

 

 

Regulus needs to get as far away as possible from James Potter before he does something ridiculous like trying to kiss him for the third time, and he figures that his best place to definitely not hide is to go and stick with Barty, who James genuinely seems to dislike. He doesn't really care if Evan is there or not.

 

As usual, he barges into the room where they're both on the bed and seem to hastily break apart, almost guiltily.

 

Regulus can't be bothered to delve into that now. No, every choice he's making at the moment is entirely self-centred, so he walks to the bed, slumps against the headboard and despairingly groans out, "Barty."

 

The genuine distress in his voice is what makes Barty pull himself away from Evan, but upon seeing Regulus' face, the worry disappears into unfiltered glee.

 

"Oh, Regulus", Barty exclaims in genuine delight, "who have you been kissing?"

 

Regulus' eyes close, and he slumps forwards despondently, rests his head on his knees and groans.

 

"No, no, no", Barty says, pulling Regulus' head up by his hair and studying his face closely. "I want to know who you've been snogging; it was clearly good if this is what you look like. Was he half as good as me? A quarter? Three quarters?"

 

"He was better," Regulus almost wails as he laments at the fact that he just kissed James Potter, and he doesn't know how much longer he'll last without doing it again.

 

This is bad.

 

Oh, this is really bad.

 

"I beg your pardon?" Barty cries, genuinely offended. "How am I not the best you ever had? I thought I was your one and only!?"

 

"Evidently, I lied," Regulus replies sweetly before he frowns incredulously as Barty says, "Evan, back me up here. Am I or am I not the best you've ever had?"

 

"Oh, it was alright", Evan says lightly as Regulus unashamedly interrupts their conversation saying, "excuse me? Evan? When have you kissed Barty?"

 

"Why are you not surprised I kissed him back?" Barty asks bewilderedly.

 

"Because you're a man whore”, Regulus says distractedly, "now Evan, I want answers."

 

Evan seems to be hesitating wildly on what to say, but Barty is more than willing to interrupt and say, "it's like me and you, Reg, just friends with extra bonuses, hey." He winks at Regulus as he says, which means he's not looking at Evan to see his face fall slightly, nor can he hear the thought in Regulus' head that he and Barty did used to be more than friends in a relationship way, but it was Regulus' parents that meant he couldn't be anything more.

 

Barty doesn't have any parental issues now, and Evan clearly doesn't follow his too strictly if he's still here with Regulus the Traitor five weeks later, while crushing on Barty like his life depends on it, so Regulus doesn't know where the miscommunication is coming from. Either way, it is not a problem he's ready to deal with right now.

 

There's a long and slightly awkward silence where Regulus is still unwilling to speak, and Evan is still frowning over Barty's description of their relationship until he breathes out, "it was Potter," in pure wonder. 

 

Regulus practically whines and very much does not deny it.

 

"Are you dating now?" Barty asks abruptly, which almost snaps Regulus out of his minor crisis in confusion, because, what?

 

"What?" he asks, his voice echoing his subconsciousness, "he doesn't even like me."

 

"I'd say he does a lot more than like you," Evan says pointedly.

 

"He doesn't want me; he's just lonely and single –"

 

"So are you, Regulus, he's not special", Evan comments as Barty adds, "someone who doesn't want you wouldn't have kissed you like that", and Regulus can't help but focus on the way that James said the exact same thing, but about Regulus.

 

"This is a wreck. I'd rather cut off my own leg than have to deal with this", but his melodramatics are now being ignored as Evan and Barty both angle their backs to him as they continue their own conversation, and Regulus continues to sulk and wallow in self-pity and definitely not daydream about that damn kiss.

 

 

"Sirius, I love you, but you need to leave," is James' opening line as he bursts into Sirius and Remus' room and sees the two of them aggressively making out on the bed.

 

Sirius doesn't seem to care at all that he's there and goes to keep kissing Remus, who has already shoved Sirius to the other side of the bed. Remus is staring at James in borderline outrage that he interrupted them while they were enjoying their snogging and then had the nerve to be unphased by it when he saw them.

 

"Moony", Sirius says, aghast as he looks at where he's lying on the bed and then looks at Remus over half a metre away from him. "Why are you even shy about this now? We're only kissing. We used to have sex in the dorm all the time while Prongs slept two metres away."

 

"You did not need to say it out loud", Remus says, wincing as though he's in actual pain, as Sirius replies flippantly, "whatever, it's just sex. It's not like you were a prude last night when –"

 

Remus shoots up at this, smacks his hand over Sirius' mouth and then drags James from the room, where they go into yet another spare bedroom in Grimmauld Place; there truly are a ridiculous number of them. Then he locks the door to prevent Sirius from getting in and looks at James.

 

He doesn't know why he so desperately wants to see him over Sirius, but there's evidently something important on his mind, especially if he's not inviting Sirius too. Before Remus can ask what he's done though, James is already speaking, the words tumbling from his mouth like a dam breaking.

 

"Remus, I just kissed Regulus."

 

That is, not what Remus had anticipated, and he feels the need to clarify things. 

 

"You kissed Regulus Black?"

 

"Yes. Twice."

 

"Because you wanted to kiss him back or because you want to be Sirius' actual brother-in-law."

 

"Hey, I didn't even think of that!" And then, "why do you assume it was him who kissed me?"

 

"Because if you kissed him, there would have been a lot more cursing and yelling and fire, but as it stands, where is the fire?"

 

"In my heart", James practically whines. "It's beating for Regulus and that fucking kiss. Oh hell, it was good."

 

Remus wonders if James has realised that he's already in love. 

 

"He let me in his room, you know, through the wards, so it means he wanted me there, and I was going over to talk to him, but he did not want to do any talking, apparently. So he kissed me, Remus. He kissed me, and it was good. Oh, it was good, do you reckon he'd let us do it again?"

 

Remus doesn't even know where to begin.

 

"Have you learnt nothing?" is what he settles for. "James, have you learnt nothing?"

 

"From what?" James replies slowly and confusedly because Remus is not matching his excitement in the slightest…

 

"From me and Sirius!" Remus bursts out incredulously. "We went straight to kissing and ignored talking about our feelings for years! And it was awful! Well, no, it was quite lovely actually for a lot of parts, but on the whole, it could have been resolved so much quicker had there been talking at the start and then kissing. Is that not what you did with Lily?"

 

"Well, look how that turned out", James says, sighing miserably, "talking first didn't work for me for 6 and a half years and only lasted for 2. Maybe I am doing the right thing here by kissing first and talking later."

 

"Maybe", Remus replies, wincing. "Still, go talk to him –"

 

"I can't", James mopes. "He can't hide in his room anymore because I can get in, so now, he's hiding with fucking Barty."

 

"And the problem with Barty is –"

 

"They've kissed! And had sex! And now Regulus has so many expectations for his future boyfriend that I not only have to meet but surpass, or he will go back to Crouch! That's the problem, Remus!" he bursts out, panting heavily and the jealousy making his mood darken considerably.

 

Remus almost pities him.

 

"Don't get ahead of yourself and just talk to him. You never know where it might lead you."

 

Hopefully to more kissing, James thinks wistfully.

 

He doesn't say it out loud, but Remus knows exactly what he's thinking and sighs in anticipation for the drama that is undoubtedly about to unfurl.

 

 

Regulus leaves Evan and Barty's room eventually; he gets sick of all the teasing and just wants to mope about how good the kiss was and how he knows he won't be able to have it again. He doesn't run into James, but he runs into someone else he really doesn't want to see right now.

 

"Reggie!"

 

"Sirius, fuck off."

 

"Not until you tell me what you did to James", Sirius sings out with a hint of a threat in his voice, and he doesn't know what he's expecting Regulus to do, but it's not for him to look at Sirius in what he would almost describe as horror.

 

"Reggie?" he asks more aggressively, "what did you do to him? Oi, what did you do?"

 

"What did he tell you?" Regulus asks instead of giving a proper answer.

 

"Well, nothing actually", Sirius says, frowning at the sheer unusualness of the situation. He and James have always shared everything, literally everything, with each other, but there's evidently some reason for secrecy now. He won't need to pry the news out of him, though; James doesn't do secrets, and he's sure that he'll know whatever went on with him and Regulus soon. 

 

"Well, good then," Regulus says, inwardly relieved that he doesn't need to deal with Sirius finding out that he just kissed his best friend yet. "There's nothing to tell."

 

"There clearly is," Sirius replies, eyes narrowing, "what have you done? Why are you acting like this?"

 

"I'm not acting like anything", Regulus replies, clearly acting like something.

 

"You are. What have you done? I thought you were in your room, but James came back, apparently having talked to you and Reggie! Did you let James in your room?"

 

"No", Regulus bites out, obviously lying, and he knows that Sirius can tell.

 

"Oh, but you did", Sirius crows out, excessively delighted. "You want him in your room because you like him; oh, this is lovely. We can all be brothers now –"

 

Regulus grimaces, unable to suppress the wince, both at the thought of James only being his brother and at the suggestion that Regulus kisses all of his 'brothers' the way he kissed James.

 

He wants to get out of this conversation but doesn't know how, so he does what he does best and ruins everything so that Sirius won't try again.

 

"Fuck off, Sirius; I don't want to be either of your brothers, so go fuck off without me."

 

"Reggie…?" Sirius replies slowly, concerned as to what's inspired the mood shift.

 

"Get out. Get out!" Regulus repeats, shoving him with each word. "Get out of my fucking life. I liked it better when you thought I was dead. Go back to your real brother and go fuck off –"

 

"I liked it better when I thought you were dead too", Sirius cuts in harshly, and oh, Regulus is not calming down after that.

 

"I'll go fix that for you", he says coldly before he shoves Sirius away from him again and disapparates, leaving Sirius in the hallway, heaving with anger. As he calms down and processes what happened, though, he realises intimately what Regulus meant when he had screamed he didn't think he'd survive if he lost Sirius for a third time.

 

Reading a newspaper about his brother's death for the first time shattered him. Reading it for the second time would melt the glue that held him together and leave him as a broken, irreparable wreck.

 

It's been over 25 minutes since Regulus left, and he doesn't want 25 minutes to turn into another 2 and a half years.

 

He sighs.

 

He's the older brother, so he needs to be the bigger person, even if his stubbornness desperately protests this logic.

 

So, he sends Regulus a patronus that more or less says you're still a prick, but you're still my brother, and then all he can do is hope that he sees Regulus again.

 

 

Regulus is fuming.

 

He doesn't even know why he bothered coming back from the dead if this is what he gets; a shit excuse for a brother and relationship drama that he didn't even ask for.

 

He still doesn't know why he kissed James, and half of him genuinely believes that he could murder Sirius if given a chance, so he's gone back to his old habits of repressing his emotions and finding an alternate way to express his energy.

 

He'd usually pick somebody inconsequential that posed no risk to him, but now he wants a fight.

 

He knows he'll win, but he wants to have to work for it.

 

He wants somebody who can fight back.

 

He apparates to the manor where the wards still let him in, casts fiendfyre without hesitation, and then walks around the garden, delighting in the way he hears unsuccessful aguamenti charms being fired and waits for the sole resident to come out.

 

"Who dares to set my house on fire and think they will live to tell the tale?"

 

"That would be me," Regulus says boldly, stepping into her line of sight.

 

"Well, if it isn't the traitor, back from the dead. Itty, bitty, baby, Reggie."

 

"My name is Regulus, Bellatrix. Use it, or don't address me at all."

 

"I don't need to use your name to kill you like you did to our Master", is all she says in response, and for some reason, this sends another wave of deep fury through Regulus. He never did learn how to settle his emotions like most other people, so he starts striding towards her, ready to take up muggle fighting and beat the shit out of her.

 

She sends the cruciatus curse at him the second he tries, but he doesn't really mind as he dodges out of the way and then looks her in the eye.

 

He's ready for a duel.

 

Bella casts the first spell, so he casts the second and then the air is glowing and pulsing with light; one wrong move could end in death, but Regulus is living for this.

 

He feels untouchable as he dodges and weaves through all the spell fire and none of the major spells really seem to hit him.

 

He's got tiny cuts all over his body that sting but don't hurt in the grand scheme of things, and he's broken three bones in Bella's arm and melted her appendix, which are both unpleasant but not inherently life-threatening.

 

Eventually, he manages to disarm her, and then he takes a moment to use the muggle fighting she was surely too pretentious to learn, shoves her to the ground and punches her in the face.

 

He swears he hears her jaw dislocate, but it doesn't stop him from doing it again, 

 

and again, 

 

and again.

 

She's trying to scratch back or shove him off, and while she's probably stronger than he is, she doesn't have quite the same fury-fueled need for vengeance that's giving him some kind of superstrength advantage. Her face is more bloodied than not at this point, and neither of them knows what could make him stop.

 

That is until a patronus flies over towards them that Regulus has never seen before but recognises anyway, and he and Bella both temporarily pause their fighting as Sirius' still angry but slightly apologetic voice fills the air.

 

"Reggie", the message begins in a tone that can best be described as resigned. "Maybe our argument escalated a bit too far, but there's still no need to run away so dramatically, so just, come back, alright? You can ignore me if you want but just come back, yeah?" Then the message ends with a slightly threatening "I better see you soon, Reggie."

 

There's a silence where neither of them says a word, and Regulus feels utterly humiliated. He's so lost in the feeling, almost in a state of despair about not only the fact that his brother thought it was necessary to send an apology patronus to him about their stupid argument but also about the fact that Bella, of all people, heard it, who takes his precious few seconds of all-consuming self-pity to shove him off her, grab her wand, and then Regulus is trying not to scream as his body writhes under the cruciatus curse; all of them hurt, but Bella's is especially potent, especially now as he's just tried to beat her and so despite his best efforts, he can't help but yell so loudly he wonders if his voice will give out.

 

She holds for a long time, not as long as five minutes, but at least 2, and Regulus feels every single second.

 

The entire time, he hears patches of her voice as she mocks him. "Awwww, did ickle Reggie have a fight with his blood traitor brother? Did he come to see his favourite cousin to make himself feel better? Are you waiting for him to come and save you so you can be traitors together?" 

 

She goes on and on until it all becomes white noise.

 

Regulus can barely tell that she's stopped the curse at first. She's waiting for him to get back up and fight her so the victory doesn't feel too easy, but Regulus thinks it makes her naïve that she believes he'll give it to her.

 

He thinks he might pass out if he stands up properly, so he pushes himself onto his knees and starts sending a barrage of curses towards Bella, hoping that one of them hits.

 

She's also moving slower. Regulus is sure that her head is fuzzy because she's slightly less coordinated than usual, given the utter beating he gave her, and Regulus can either cast or move; he can't really do both at this stage.

 

They're both fighting to kill now, even though they both seem to be halfway towards death themselves, but Regulus' main thought is that he's not angry anymore.

 

No, he's deadly, calm, and calculating.

 

A bone-breaking hex here, a cutting hex here –

 

A particularly brutal slicing hex to his right arm makes it fall off, which for fucks sake, he's going to need to go through the skele grow ordeal again. This makes his rage return in full force, and he shoves himself onto his feet and casts a knockback jinx with enough rage to knock Bella back a few metres. Then, he stands over her, whispers, "what a shame no one survived to warn you about me," and his next curse hits her directly in the chest.

 

She tries to undo it, but it's one of Regulus' own inventions that he taught to many Death Eaters throughout the war, but never the counter curse.

 

Her blood heats up until it's boiling, then it starts melting her skin, and 40 seconds later, the wards collapse around the manor because she's dead.

 

Good fucking riddance.

 

Regulus feels terrible, like he could pass out any second. While most of his anger at Sirius has gone away, what's left of his consciousness's capacity to feel is taken up by his fury at Bella for chopping off his arm.

 

Half of his limbs have now been disconnected from his body, which is a remarkably high statistic.

 

He thinks if he apparates, he'll make it three-quarters, so he brings out the emergency portkey that he thankfully had on him, uses the last of his energy to activate it, and then falls ungracefully on the front porch of Grimmauld Place, which makes his abused body scream.

 

All he's going to do now is go to his room and drink another dose of skele grow, which means he can't even dose himself up on pain potions until midday tomorrow.

 

He really does hate life sometimes.

 

It's still early evening, but Regulus is going to bed; he just needs to sleep, so he shoves open the front door far more aggressively than necessary and tries to go to his room uninterrupted.

 

At this moment, his brother is not at all necessary to him, but he's the first person Regulus sees when he races out of the kitchen where he must have been waiting for him.

 

"Reggie", he says relievedly, "thank fuck you got my message."

 

"I wish I hadn't," Regulus all but snarls. His cheeks flush in embarrassment and humiliation as he recalls Bella's jeering at him, but thankfully Sirius mistakes it for anger.

 

"Oh, of course, you're going to be like this. I should have known better than to expect an apology from someone like… Reggie, where the fuck is your arm?"

 

Sirius' cry of shock has brought everybody out of their rooms; James slowly licks his lips as he sees Regulus, bloody, furious and in the prime of his post-murder afterglow; Remus' eyes widen as he sees his lack of an arm and Evan and Barty seem entirely unaffected by the whole situation.

 

"Clearly not attached, no thanks to you," Regulus snarls out, ignoring Sirius' incredulous cry of "how the fuck is that my fault?" 

 

He stomps up the stairs, yells, "if any of you try and come in, I'll murder you", and then slams his door to his bedroom, grabs the bottle of skele gro and drinks it before the fatigue of fighting, losing an arm and being crucioed hits him at once and he flops down onto his bed and falls asleep, blissfully alone.

 

 

James doesn't need words to understand what Remus is trying to communicate.

 

Are you sure you want him is easily understandable by his raised eyebrow, and before he's even realised what he's doing, James is nodding his head vigorously.

 

Yes, it says, yes, I'm sure, yes, I want him, and the intensity at which he nods his head surely translates how desperately he wants him.

 

If the way Remus huffs a sigh and rolls his eyes slightly fondly is any indication, it probably did.

 

 

Sirius wants to check in on his brother.

 

They've just had a fight which is nothing new. Still, it was evidently bad enough for Regulus to not only lock himself in his room but first leave the house, obviously get into a fight, if not murder someone, and lose an arm in the process?

 

He hadn't seemed delirious or pain-ridden like he had after his whole incident with Greyback. No, he just seemed genuinely annoyed that his arm had been cut off in the first place, making Sirius think he needs to sort out his priorities.

 

"I should probably go check on him –" he begins.

 

"I'll go", James cuts in, desperately eager to see Regulus again and make sure he's not just in his room sewing himself together again or something unbelievable like that.

 

"Why? He's my brother", Sirius begins slowly, his eyebrows furrowing as he looks closely at James, trying to figure out what emotion is going on in his face.

 

"Yeah, James, why?" Remus asks, smiling with an entertained grin.

 

"I don't want you to get cursed", James replies, which isn't a lie but also definitely isn't his primary motivation to go and see Regulus. "He doesn't seem too pleased with you at the moment, so I don't want you to get hurt."

 

"Fine," Sirius says, slightly reluctant but also seeing James' point. "If he curses you though, tell me, and I'll go back in and curse him myself. What made him let you in the wards anyways?" He asks, genuinely curious because Regulus hadn't been anywhere near forthcoming with his answers.

 

"I don't know", James says, completely honest. He really has no idea what made Regulus let him in and kiss him, but he also has no complaints at all.

 

Literally none.

 

"I'll let you know how it goes", he continues. Then he goes up to Regulus' room, ignoring Remus' resigned expression to James' unwillingness to be rational about something for once in his life.

 

James pushes Regulus' door open, a thought that makes him smile despite himself even though he's about to be cursed. He doesn't know what he's expecting from Regulus, probably more curses, hopefully, more kissing, but instead, Regulus is on top of the covers, still in his blood-spattered clothes and asleep.

 

He tentatively steps closer to the bed, but Regulus doesn't even stir. James hopes it's because Regulus is comfortable enough in his presence to not deem him a threat and not because he's dead.

 

Oh shit, is he dead? James thinks alarmedly, and he rushes forwards to Regulus, puts his hand lightly on his chest and exhales in relief as he feels his chest rising and falling. It's quick, though, far too quick, especially for someone in such a deep sleep as Regulus.

 

He's still hovering over him when Regulus' eyelids twitch slightly, and he hops back like he's been burned, but Regulus just seems to almost tense his arm that he doesn't have and whine slightly. James thinks this is a fair enough response because it seems to have something moving below the skin's surface. It takes at least 10 minutes of watching before James realises that there's nothing underneath his skin; it's just his arm regrowing itself.

 

It's repulsive really; James can literally see his arm gradually extending, it's about at the elbow now, and he sees the muscles, tendons, and nerves being regrown under the skin, and apparently Regulus can feel it too.

 

He's in discomfort; that much is clear, and James wants to stop it. He's almost writhing on the bed in pain, and he keeps grasping at his forearm which doesn't yet exist as if phantom pains are lingering there.

 

"Regulus?" James calls softly.

 

"Sirius?" Regulus replies through a gasp of pain.

 

"It's James. Sorry if you're disappointed."

 

"I don't think you could ever disappoint me", Regulus murmurs. His eyes are rolling wildly, so like when he was bleeding out after the Greyback incident, James doesn't take his words too seriously but also can't help himself from absolutely beaming.

 

"Can I?" he asks, not quite sure what he's asking but willing to offer it nonetheless. 

 

Regulus evidently understands as he echoes, "can I" and reaches out towards James, who sits on the corner of the bed and holds his hand hesitantly forwards, unsure what Regulus wants with it and hoping that he doesn't just want it to transplant onto his own arm, but all Regulus does is hold it.

 

He holds it like it's an anchor tethering him to reality as the pain and unsettlement of having his other arm regrown tries to drag him away towards unconsciousness but never quite gets him there.

 

He holds James' hand like a lifeline as he twitches uncomfortably on the bed, and when the pain reaches its peak, and he starts weeping quietly, James delicately runs his other hand through his hair and across his face, brushing away his tears and Regulus melts into the touch.

 

James has never done this with anybody in such an intimate way. Sure, he's comforted friends who have been upset. James definitely had a hand in helping with Sirius' running away and all of the turmoil that encompassed that, but so did Remus, so it wasn't entirely a single effort.

 

Lily is a bold and headstrong woman who James loved fiercely, who he still loves, and while she's cried a few times for sure, she always seemed to go into her problems with a resolution already in mind and had the belief that she could get through it on her own if she needed to, but appreciated the fact that James was there to help her.

 

Regulus is similar but different at the same time.

 

He could've gotten through all of this on his own; for the majority of things that have happened to him, he has gotten through them on his own because he never really considered the possibility that he could lean on other people, that he had the choice and that there were people willing to help him.

 

Because of this, the moment feels especially intimate as he fights through the skele grow potion with his head resting on James' lap, his left hand in James' right and James' left hand still gently running through his hair.

 

The aftershocks and leftover tremors of the cruciatus also aren't helping, but at the moment, Regulus can barely notice them, and James assumes it's from the skele grow and doesn't comment.

 

Regulus evidently feels the need to as he mumbles, "James. James."

 

"What?" James asks hurriedly, almost upending Regulus from his lap as he frantically tries to find out what he wants. His arm is almost grown back now; the wrist is intact, and it's just his fingers left, but James hopes there isn't any complication with whatever is going on. "What's going on? Are you okay? What's happening?"

 

"This is nice", Regulus says drowsily, which makes James beam again until he follows his comment with, "but I'm going to hate myself in the morning."

 

"You shouldn't", James hastens to reassure him. "There's nothing wrong with needing someone. I can leave if you want," and he relishes the way Regulus grips his hand tighter in a clear refusal. "You don't need to feel bad for this, and you definitely don't need to hate yourself tomorrow morning."

 

"James", Regulus breathes back, amused and pitying at the same time despite his delirium, "I hate myself every morning."

 

I love you every second, James thinks, adoring and heartbroken at the same time, but he can't say that out loud when they've only kissed once. He'll have to keep that thought to himself for a bit longer.

 

"Do you hate me too?" James asks instead, but he's not sure why. It's not like Regulus is going to say –

 

"Yes", Regulus says, "I hate you so much."

 

"Why?" James asks, never stopping how he's carding his fingers through Regulus' hair, even as his heart seems to plummet in his chest.

 

Has he read the situation wrong? Are he and Regulus a lost cause? Was it just a friendship kiss? 

 

He doesn't know the answer, and he can feel himself starting to spiral; where is his undying positivity now that he needs it? Surprisingly though, his upliftment comes from Regulus who whispers softly like he's floating further and further away towards unconsciousness, 

 

"I hate you because you're really hard to hate."

 

 

Regulus eventually drifts off once the skele gro has run its course, and he's comfortable when he wakes up the next morning.

 

It's similar to the first time he had to grow back a limb, how he had fuzzy memories that he couldn't quite tell if they were real or not. He vaguely remembers seeing James Potter, which must have been a dream. Then he knows that he downed 5 different potions when his arm was back, but otherwise, it's anyone's guess as to what could have happened.

 

The guesswork is rendered entirely redundant when he feels a soft hand drift through his hair and a quiet "hey." Instead of the embarrassment that he'd felt after his breakdown and nightmare with Sirius, there's just burning self-loathing over the fact that he's apparently just spent the past 16 hours with James Potter, who watched him as he cried over his fucking arm being grown back and whatever else he said while he was in pain.

 

"Regulus?" James asks a bit louder, "are you awake? Are you alright?"

 

"Oh, I fucking hate myself," is all Regulus says, hoping James doesn't see the embarrassed flush that is spreading across his cheeks, which only heightens as he sees that he's still in the same clothes he was wearing last night covered in blood, sweat and tears.

 

"I'm having a shower, fuck off by the time I get back," Regulus says, and as he slams the bathroom door shut, he doesn't see James' amused smile follow him as he goes.

 

Do you really think it'll be that easy to get rid of me? James thinks fondly as he watches Regulus go.

 

Regulus burns his robes that he takes off, he doesn't want traces of Bella's blood to remain on his clothes, and more importantly, he's trying to get rid of any evidence of whatever transpired last night that James Potter apparently had to witness.

 

Do you really think he'll still consider wanting you after this? He thinks scathingly as he uses all 11 bottles for his hair routine and dutifully scrubs off every trace of the fight and the skele grow aftermath.

 

He's hoping that James will be gone by the time he gets back, but if he's anything like Sirius, then he's sure that he'll be exactly where he left him. Sure enough, when he re-enters his room, James is still on his bed.

 

"I told you to leave," Regulus says flatly to the wall. He's too embarrassed to talk to him and make eye contact right now.

 

"I wanted to talk," James replies slowly, and oh merlin, it's just like Sirius is here.

 

"No."

 

"But I want to."

 

"I don't care."

 

"Please."

 

"Shut up."

 

"But I –"

 

"I said shut up!"

 

"Regulus –"

 

"Do I have to fucking make you?" Regulus bursts out in frustration, then he stomps towards the bed, practically straddles James and then snogs him until he has to pull away, gasping for air.

 

"I told you I'd make you", he says, panting, before he dips again, and like the previous times, James goes willingly and eagerly.

 

"Regulus," James protests weakly, pushing him away without any effort at all, "I think we should –"

 

"Shut you up? Yeah, we should," and then the snogging continues.

 

It's nothing fancy, it's just pure sweet kissing, except there's something dirty in the way Regulus pulls James' lip between his teeth and something forbidden as they lie in the Black family house, breaking every toujours pur rule in the book just to kiss like fourth years in a Hogwarts broom closet.

 

"Regulus, Regulus", James says eventually, finally gathering enough self-control to push him away and then wriggle out from under him, holding him at arm's length where Regulus looks like he's about to vehemently protest.

 

"I just want to say –"

 

"I said no talking –"

 

"Just shut up and listen, would you!" James bursts out frustratedly, and world of wonders, Regulus does, a slight flush colouring his cheeks.

 

"I like you", James declares boldly, proving that the sorting hat was right to put him in Gryffindor. He decides not to tell Regulus that he loves him just yet. "I like you, and I'm going to assume that you like me given how much you kissed me –"

 

"I also kissed Barty like that last month –"

 

"I do not want to hear about Barty fucking Crouch when I'm trying to ask you out!"

 

Regulus and James' eyebrows both fly up in surprise; neither can believe James just said that.

 

"You're asking me out?" Regulus asks disbelievingly, "why would you do that?"

 

"Because I like you?" James replies, personally rejoicing that he didn't receive a flat-out rejection to start it off with.

 

"Yeah", Regulus says, still confused, "why?"

 

"Because you're funny even when you're not trying to be, and you're brave and pretty and incredible and charming in a very uncharming way, but also in the best way. Oh shit, I'm ruining this, but I like you because, merlin, all my morals go out the door when you murder someone because you just look so fucking hot."

 

"I can pick another cousin to kill if you want foreplay?" Regulus offers, entirely serious, which makes James panic.

 

"Maybe we just slow down a little," he blurts out quickly, then delighting in the way Regulus' lips quirk slightly. "Oh, that was a joke; you were being funny."

 

"There was not an ounce of me that was joking", Regulus replies blandly, still amused, before his expression becomes blank and serious.

 

"You don't want me, James," Regulus says flatly. "You want to move on from Evans, and I'm available, but I'm not what you want. Am I the person who you'd drop everything for? Am I the person you want to spend the rest of your life with? I think not –"

 

"I think yes," James says quickly, knowing he's being too forward and intense but not quite bringing himself to care.

 

Regulus remains unconvinced.

 

"What about when Sirius needs you? Then you'll abandon me and go to him."

 

"I can split my time between you."

 

"But why would you do that? He's your friend. He's your brother."

 

"Yeah, but you're his brother, and you're my –" James begins before cutting himself off quickly.

 

"I'm your what?" Regulus asks, raising an eyebrow and hardening his voice slightly so that he doesn't sound as breathless as he feels.

 

"You're my… You're –" James pauses again, trying to figure out what he wants to say and just going with the honest truth even though he doesn't quite know what he means when he says it.

 

"You're my Regulus" is what he settles for, and oh, Regulus likes the sound of that.

 

"I don't belong to anyone", is what he says instead in reply, raising an eyebrow coolly at James, who stammers over his words in his haste to reassure him.

 

"No, no, no. That's not what I mean", he rushes out. "I just meant that one day I could call you mine even though you're always going to be your own person, but one day you could also be, you know, my person."

 

Regulus has to swallow heavily at this, and it takes a few seconds before he can reply with, "why would you want that, though?"

 

He doesn't understand why someone like James would like someone like him, even though to kiss him and have him would be to have everything he wanted.

 

James is just looking at him, desperately sad, his face crestfallen, so Regulus repeats his question. "Why would you want that? Why would you want me?"

 

"Why wouldn't I?" James breathes out, completely genuine and so fucking wholesome that Regulus can't gain control over the weaker parts of himself as he fists the front of James' shirt, yanks him towards him and kisses him.

 

Again,

 

And again,

 

And again.

 

It's not as intense as their first kiss, but it's no less passionate. The way Regulus runs his hand through James' hair and the way James' hands hook under Regulus' shirt and feel up and down his chest only draws them closer together, practically intertwined.

 

Regulus doesn't know if he believes James, but he thinks that maybe, if he's going to trust anyone to keep their word, it'll be James Potter. He looked after Sirius, he's always been there for his friends, and as much as Regulus hates to compliment him, he's trying to be there for Regulus too.

 

Still, he'd never admit it to anyone, but he's scared to try because James isn't someone he wants to give up easily; he doesn't even want to give him up at all.

 

James seems to understand in a way that Regulus can't fathom as he says, "I'll prove it to you. You don't need to say anything now, but I'll prove I'll stay. That I'm here for you. That it's you. You don't need to say that you want to be my boyfriend yet, but when you're ready, I'll be waiting."

 

James is staring hopefully at Regulus, trying not to smile, which he fails abysmally at as Regulus scoffs "yet" and rolls his eyes even though a pleased flush colours his cheeks.

 

"I'll think about it", Regulus says, aiming for lofty but probably coming across as overeager. "Now get out of my room. I'll consider it, so let's see if you can convince me."

 

James doesn't want to leave yet, so he cranes his neck down slightly to Regulus' ear and whispers, "you underestimate how persuasive I can be", and Regulus gives out a shaky breath and kisses him again. 

 

There's something different about this kiss compared to the others; it's almost like they can taste the tentative new beginnings and hopefulness in the air they share. The kissing becomes messier as Regulus starts trailing wet kisses down James' jawline, sucking hard enough to make James whine but soft enough not to leave any marks.

 

The moment James tries to reciprocate, Regulus comes out of his trance and pushes James away from him, who looks dazed at his change of positions before Regulus grabs him by the shoulder, drags him to the door and then shoves him out of it.

 

"That's enough for now", Regulus says, panting slightly but seemingly in a much better state than James, whose eyes are entirely black without a trace of hazel to be seen.

 

"I'll prove it to you, Regulus", James says earnestly and honestly and so genuinely that Regulus can't help but believe him.

 

He believes him. He can finally afford to hope.

 

"I'll be waiting", he says, his lips turning up at the corners slightly as he closes the door, but not before he hears James' thrilled reply.

 

"Me too."

 

 

Regulus stays in the library for most of the day because he knows that James and Sirius are both unlikely to enter it, and he doesn't want to update Evan and Barty just yet. Perhaps selfishly, perhaps selflessly, he just wants to keep it to himself for a little while longer.

 

Regulus Black. James Potter.

 

Maybe one day they'll find both their names in the same sentence.

 

Regulus can't help but hope.

 

No more than an hour passes while he's reading a few books and taking notes on his hallow research when the door opens and footsteps come towards him.

 

Not James, not Sirius, not Barty or Evan, please, please, please, he thinks desperately, but for once in his life, luck seems to be on his side in an almost unlucky way.

 

It's Remus Lupin.

 

"Fuck off out of my library."

 

"Our library. I live here too."

 

"On a temporary basis", Regulus clearly enunciates. "You are a guest."

 

"Well then, Regulus, is that any way for a pureblood to treat their guest of honour?" Remus asks, his eyes dancing with humour.

 

"There is nothing honorific about you." Regulus shoots back without any heat; as far as future brothers-in-law go, he supposes Remus will do.

 

"I'll have the honour of marrying your brother one day –"

 

"I do not care what you and my brother are going to get up to", Regulus cuts in hurriedly, unwanting to have the conversation devolve any further, "pick another topic –"

 

"Are you coming to the Order meeting tonight?" Remus says swiftly, latching onto another topic and physically restraining himself from interrogating Regulus about his and James' kiss. That can wait for another day when they're closer to something akin to friends, and he's likely to get answers rather than curses.

 

"Oh, I'll be there," Regulus says with many hidden meanings that Remus can't decipher. "I'll be there."

 

"Alright", Remus says amusedly, "so will the rest of us."

 

"When did I ask?"

 

"Once again, Regulus, that wasn't very pureblood of you," Remus says, smiling wickedly.

 

"And it's not very half-blood of you to be in the House of Black without being tortured, but I can easily change that," Regulus counters and Remus really can't tell if he's joking.

 

"You really are a shit host", is all he says in response, and by the way, Regulus' lips twitch slightly as he slides the book at him and says, "either read in silence or fuck off," he doesn't think Regulus minds too much.

 

They end up passing the day in comfortable silence, Remus reading the book that Regulus flung at him, which turned out to be an advanced ancient runes textbook which was incredibly interesting in a nerdy and scholarly kind of way, and Regulus writing away at his hallow notes, which are plenty of theories and minimal concrete evidence.

 

The silence is broken at 6.30pm by Remus, who says, "you coming to dinner before the meeting?"

 

"No", Regulus says mindlessly. He's in the middle of something here and doesn't want to be distracted from it –

 

"Is it because James will be there?" Remus asks, unable to help himself, and as Regulus' head snaps up and he looks Remus in the eyes, he knows that he knows.

 

Still, denial has always been an effective diversion tactic.

 

"No," Regulus harshly enunciates before he pointedly gathers all of his notes together with a wave of his hand, shoves Remus' chair backwards, which makes him fall on the floor and then departs the library and gets ready for the meeting that he cannot believe James Potter has the audacity to attend.

 

He can't bring down Dumbledore if he's got hazel eyes and messy black hair in his peripheral vision making him eternally distracted.

 

He hasn't attended the past 3 Order meetings; he was too busy avoiding a certain James Potter to be able to force himself to come downstairs into the kitchen, but he can make the effort tonight now that he wants to see James. 

 

Because he wants James.

 

And James wants him back.

 

He still doesn't know if he fully believes it yet, but he knows he has hope that something could work out. James is a Gryffindor, so they're practically obliged to be honest and righteous; he wouldn't deceive Regulus or go back on his words easily.

 

Regulus debates whether or not to arrive early to welcome everybody like a good host since the meeting is held in his house or to arrive fashionably late like the good little traitorous Death Eater that he is. He settles for neither and arrives slightly early to glare and intimidate people. 

 

Barty is still supposedly missing, so Regulus forces him to stay in his room, but Evan has had his name cleared, so he drags him into the kitchen to join him in his intimidation tactics.

 

He doesn't know how effective Evan is because he keeps laughing every time someone flinches or changes their course of direction when they see who he is and where he's standing, but Regulus is just glad he's enjoying himself.

 

Dumbledore arrives eventually, which makes everybody smile and wave and greet him except for Regulus, who scowls heavily, and Evan does the same out of loyalty even if he doesn't know Regulus' exact reasons. He knows he's had a problem with him roughly since Sirius ran away, but he has no idea if those events are related.

 

Still, Evan doesn't even need to fake it as he glares at Dumbledore, but it's nothing compared to the heat and intensity of the hatred that Regulus evidently feels. He's glaring so hard that he's surprised Dumbledore hasn't gone up in flames.

 

If he did spontaneously combust one day, Evan would know exactly who to blame, even though he's sure there'd be no traces of evidence left anywhere.

 

Dumbledore starts the meeting and discusses random snippets of news and information that he and Regulus don't care about. They're leaning casually against the kitchen counter as they subtly elbow each other in the ribs and see who can make the other flinch the hardest.

 

Despite the sheer boringness of the Order meeting, they're still a lot more fun than the Death Eater ones, where Voldemort would monologue for hours and then send them all home if he didn't want them to stay back and be tortured.

 

Now though, Dumbledore has evidently moved onto a topic that has piqued Regulus' interest because he has impatiently batted Evan's arm away from where he was hitting him and is leaning forwards with rapt attention.

 

"Bellatrix Lestrange was found dead at her house yesterday around midday. No magical traces have been left behind; it looks as though a muggle fighter came to beat her and that she was melted without fire. However, the fight took place within the manor wards, which have since fallen –"

 

"It was me who killed her", Regulus says boldly, sick of hearing Dumbledore's voice and knowing exactly how to shut him up. "Is that what you were wanting to know?"

 

James' head whips around in alarm and horror at the prospect of Regulus going to Azkaban.

 

Sirius also whips his head round with a wide-eyed and shocked, but definitely delighted, "Reggie!"

 

Remus looks resigned, and Evan puts his hand up and gives Regulus a high five.

 

At least half of the Order, especially Dumbledore and Moody, looks pleased that he's admitted it; now he can be sent to Azkaban. Even though he killed Voldemort, he killed a lot of other people to make it to that point, and he was a Death Eater before that, mark or no mark, but Regulus doesn't look worried about the prospect of it. No, he looks rather smug about the fact that he's here at all.

 

"To Azkaban with you, boy," Moody barks out, already moving towards him with his wand raised, but Regulus just raises a lazy eyebrow and doesn't move.

 

Dumbledore is a bit more professional but no less malicious as he says in a faux upset voice, "I'm afraid that I'll have to report this to the Wizengamot, dear boy. The minimum prison sentence for first-degree murder is 50 years, and that's assuming they ignore your previous transgressions –"

 

Regulus is still calm and collected, but now he's full of that one specific breed of anger that only Dumbledore can bring out of him.

 

"First of all," he starts in a deadly tone of voice, "I am not your boy, I am not yours in any capacity, and I never will be", and he can't help but flick his eyes quickly to James as he says that. 

 

"Second of all", he continues, a pleased but still dangerous smile making its way onto his face, "you seem to have conveniently forgotten that I have memorised the entire 4726-page document that states every law in Wizarding Britain. If you turn to page 1922, chapter 26, clause 10.3, it states very clearly that in specific circumstances, if death is the only way to prevent personal harm, liability or death, then the perceived murder will be classed as self-defence."

 

"There is a very short list of those specific circumstances", Dumbledore tries to begin, desperate to regain control of the conversation that he's once again lost to Regulus Black, but he's not giving him any time to try.

 

"I am aware of the list's length and contents", Regulus says coolly, "and one of those instances of ruling murder as self-defence is when an unforgivable is used. You're welcome to have the memory of my cousin crucioing me if it will make you feel better knowing that you can't get rid of me that easily."  

 

With a smug nod of his head and ignoring the shocked whispers of the Order members, Regulus looks away from Dumbledore, knowing that he's once again shown him up and waits for the meeting to move on.

 

It doesn't.

 

"In that case, Mr Black", Dumbledore says genially, "can you allow me to see your wand so I can check the verification of your claims?"

 

"No."

 

"I can cast a simple expelliarmus, and it will fly into my hands. I will run the checks, and then I will then give it back to you."

 

Regulus' head snaps up at this.

 

Oh, he thinks delightedly. Oh, he knows. And he's furious.

 

"No", he repeats out loud.

 

"Mr Black, if you do not cooperate here, I will have to escalate the matter to a Wizengamot inquiry where you will have no choice but to surrender your wand –"

 

"I don't care about what the Wizengamot will do with my wand", Regulus interrupts. "I care about what you will do with it –." Then he cuts himself off as he senses a pulse of magic with malicious intent, steps out of the line of fire and casts protego before the jet of light has even left Dumbledore's wand.

 

"It's only courteous to ask people to a duel before starting one", Regulus says lightly, relishing in the way Dumbledore's face loses a hint of its usual sparkle.

 

"Mr Black, it would be beneficial to you if you let me check your wand for traces of dark magic –"

 

"Like you don't know that I was raised on dark magic", Regulus replies, scoffing, before he decides to shut Dumbledore down and go for the kill.

 

"Why do you want my wand so badly?" he asks mockingly. "Do you need a new one?" Then, "is yours not working how it used to?"

 

He raises an eyebrow and looks Dumbledore unwaveringly in the eye with a pleased smirk on his face. Dumbledore's face darkens, and Regulus realises that he was right.

 

He's the master of the elder wand.

 

He gained ownership of it when he disarmed Dumbledore 6 weeks ago.

 

He's the master of the elder wand, and Dumbledore knows it.

 

 

The rest of the meeting passes uneventfully, although it's not like anything more dramatic than confirmed ownership of one of the deathly hallows could have occurred. After the meeting, Regulus leaves the kitchen and is about to go to his room when he sees James with Lily Evans. He glances furtively across the hallway before pulling her into the sitting room.

 

Regulus knows that he should trust James; he literally said that he would prove to Regulus that he could keep his word, but he can't help himself from wanting to reassure himself. He creeps back down the stairs, knowing exactly which ones to dodge so that he doesn't make a sound, and he pokes his head around the doorway where neither of them notices him.

 

Lily and James are standing close together, talking, and Regulus only just manages to shove his jealousy and possessiveness down enough to not curse her. Nothing is going on between them, and there's nothing to worry about. James promised him that, and he promised he could prove Regulus wrong and show him that there are people out there who can choose him.

 

They're talking in hushed voices, but Regulus still manages to overhear them as they go round and round in a circle of "James, it's important, but I don't know how I'm going to say it" and "Lily, it's fine. Whatever it is, it will be okay."

 

Regulus very pointedly thinks it will not be okay if Lily says she still loves James Potter or wants to get back together with him, but she doesn't say that.

 

She doesn't say anything that Regulus could have seen coming.

 

She doesn't say anything the Regulus could have ever considered.

 

"James", she says desperately, tears falling from her eyes as she gets the words out. "James, I'm pregnant. It's ours."

 

"It's ours", James replies breathlessly.

 

Regulus inhales sharply at this, his lungs filling up with air even though he can't breathe, and James' head immediately whips around at the noise. His eyes are wide and beseeching and regretful; he definitely didn't know that Regulus was there, but he knows without a doubt that he heard what Lily said.

 

James opens his mouth to talk, but Regulus doesn't want to know what he's going to say.

 

Like everything else that James said to him, it'll clearly be more lies.

 

James said he would prove to Regulus that he was enough, that James wanted him, that he was worth wanting, but now he's about to be a father to his ex-girlfriend, who he's undoubtedly going to get back together with.

 

Ours, James had said, referring to him and Lily, not him and Regulus.

 

A mum, dad and baby. A picture-perfect family that Regulus doesn't belong in. 

 

Yet another person's life that Regulus doesn't belong in.

 

He should have known he shouldn't have gotten his hopes up that something could finally work out for him when this is the outcome every single time.

 

Hurt, heartbreak and bitter disappointment.

 
Notes:

    EDIT: This is NOT jeguily fic. THERE IS NO TRIAD ROMANCE THING. DO NOT DESPAIR IT IS ENDGAME JEGULUS

    Don't hate me xx

    For all of you who saw the tiktok I posted about this chapter, It was misleading as shit sorry !! xx

    Did you really think jegulus would go straight to working out without angst, complications and miscommunication???? At least I gave you some murder and some Dumbledore owning to break it all up.

    Also there was no way that this Regulus is a slow burn boy so hope you weren't expecting this to be; him being all or nothing is a lot more accurate and he went for it!!!

    Also, yes I do know that Harry was born in July 1980 but it was unrealistic for the horcrux hunt plot to be finished in less than a year and a half so he's born in 1981 in this world.

    It's 10pm so I'm going to bed now but I cannot wait to wake up to your comments xx

Chapter 16: Chapter 15: December 1978 - January 1979
Summary:

    Sacrifices.

Notes:

    Short chapter, plenty of content...

    Translation in the end notes as well as my personal thoughts and spoilers, so read it after the chapter!!!

    Next chapter most probably up by Sunday :)))

    I am excited for your comments on this one...

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

December 1978 - January 1979

 

Christmas comes and goes, and Regulus sulks the entire time.

 

It's winter,

 

He's cold,

 

He's lonely,

 

And he's reminded of Christmas 1976 that he spent on his own because his brother had found a better family to spend it with, and his parents didn't consider Regulus to be their son enough to celebrate it with him.

 

2 years later, nothing has changed.

 

Sirius has his new and improved family, and his parents are probably enjoying the fact that they don't need to deal with their children anymore, so Regulus is left daydreaming about when he was 7, Sirius was 8, and his biggest problem was what his tutors were going to set for him for homework.

 

Let's go back to that,  he thinks wistfully. Why don't we pretend the last decade never happened, and it's just you and me.

 

He's hoping for a breakthrough, a special Christmas gift from Merlin himself, but there's nothing.

 

No progress on the horcruxes.

 

No progress on the fiendfyre.

 

No progress on the dark marks.

 

There's nothing.

 

Just Regulus,

 

And he's nothing.

 

The new year comes and goes, and Regulus hopes that 1979 will be better than 1978. He doesn't know how much worse it could get, but he doesn't want to speak too soon; he's sure it will find a way.

 

Even if he hopes for a good year, he's sure he'd only jinx it. After all, when has he ever hoped for something and not been disappointed?

 

 

It's by chance that Regulus comes across the location of a Death Eater raid in early January. He's gone into Knockturn Alley to replenish his potions ingredients; the main reason is that skele grow has a batch life of 2 weeks, so Regulus is constantly replacing it to ensure that he always has at least 4 vials on his person.

 

If he goes to Diagon Alley, there'll be people who try to talk to him and make conversation, and while he's glamoured himself to the point of unrecognition, he doesn't want to take any chances.

 

In Knockturn Alley, there's a general understanding that nobody is there for legal reasons, so if you don't ask anyone questions, nobody will ask you any. The ingredients Regulus is buying aren't illegal, but many have restricted access, which are ones he didn't need when he went to Diagon Alley the first time. So now, he is here in the anonymity of Knockturn Alley, disguised and undiscovered.

 

The two people walking in front of him, however, have never heard of subtlety in their lives, so Regulus overhears their conversation without even putting in the effort to deliberately eavesdrop.

 

They have their hoods up, and Regulus can't discern their voices or faces, but it doesn't matter. The information they give him doesn't need to be verified by their identities.

 

"I don't know why we're going back to Weymouth; we were there a month ago."

 

"We don't ask questions; we just do what the Dark Lord tells us to do."

 

"Yeah, I know that, but still, 3.30 on a Saturday morning is rough, even by his standards."

 

"Shut up! Someone could overhear you, and it could get back to him."

 

"No one is around who cares; stop worrying about it."

 

They don't know that Regulus cares very much about what they're saying and is going to make the most of the intel, so on a cold Saturday morning in the peak of British winter, Regulus goes to Weymouth.

 

It's a very bland town, and Regulus automatically casts extra cleaning, protection and muggle-repelling charms on himself so that he doesn't contract a deadly disease from them. The city reminds him of the time he got lost in London and found himself in Whitechapel, where he almost got mugged twice and swore that he saw a dead body in an alleyway.

 

At the time, he was only 13, so he ran away. At 17, it's probably more likely that he's the one who left the body there in the first place.

 

Voldemort isn't in Weymouth, which is a relief because he's one of the only people in the world with a good chance of killing Regulus before he can kill them first.  

 

Still, at least 30 Death Eaters are in the park and are getting ready to destroy the city and cast the dark mark in the sky, which Regulus thinks is wholly unnecessary; it's not like there are people who would credit the attack to anybody else.

 

Regulus doesn't know what was so significant about Weymouth, but whatever. If this is where the Death Eaters are, then this is where Regulus will be.

 

They haven't started the raid yet, and Regulus doesn't know what they're doing; it's not like they ever plan out battle tactics. There's just the shared common goal and competition that they're going to cause the most destruction possible, and whoever tortures the most people wins bragging rights.

 

The Order equivalent is probably to see who can save the most lives or something stupidly heroic like that. Yeah, the Death Eaters definitely don't do that; they'd use their colleagues as a human shield before laying down their life for them. 

 

Regulus doesn't know what's taking so long for it to begin, so he decides to walk around and try to find the town's significance since they've come back to it twice in the same month. It's practically unheard of for Voldemort to repeat raid locations, and Regulus is wondering what happened during the last raid to leave the town practically untouched. It should have been rendered nothing more than rubble, but it's still standing.

 

It feels like there are lingering traces of Dark magic here, and Regulus can feel it pulling him in. It's not a horcrux, it's definitely not strong enough, but Regulus swears that he can almost feel traces of one, like it's been here, but now it's gone.

 

Weymouth is a coastal town in Southern England that Regulus has never visited, but at the same time, it all feels familiar, like it was a dream. Like the morning after regrowing his leg when he couldn't tell what was real or what wasn't due to the pain fuelled delirium.

 

Everything clicks into place the second he comes out onto the beachfront, sees the cliffs a hundred metres away from him, and he can't help himself as he throws up and starts hyperventilating.

 

He can't breathe, his ears are ringing and blocking out all other sounds, and his eyes are unmoving from the stone composite that makes up the cliff faces as he's transported back in time.

 

The traces of Dark Magic.

 

The familiarity of the horcrux as though it had lost its potency or someone had removed it.

 

Those cliffs he's only ever seen from the inside but would recognise anywhere.

 

This is where he nearly died trying to get the first horcrux. This is where the cave is. This is where Kreacher's body is that has undoubtedly become another member of the swarm of inferi –

 

Regulus throws up again, almost choking on it since his panic attack still isn't over, and he swears that he sees the green glitter of the potion still in his system 8 months later.

 

He knows he hasn't moved, but he feels as though he's back in the cave. 

 

The gentle waves of the Weymouth beach are threatening to drown him again, which is optimistic. Regulus thinks he'll drown in his own tears before he makes it to the ocean.

 

So, he does the only thing he can think of.

 

He stands up, and even though his chest is still heaving and his vision is blurry with tears, he bolts and runs as far away from the beach, the cave, and the fucking inferi as he can.

 

He doesn't care if he runs into the Death Eaters and everyone finds out he's a traitor. He doesn't care if he runs into the Order right now and needs to fight his way out. He'd deal with his brother or even James fucking Potter if it meant that he didn't need to go back to the cave.

 

It took Regulus almost 30 minutes to walk to the beach, but it takes less than 10 to run back to where the Death Eaters were.

 

The Order still hasn't shown up even though the raid and destruction are well underway, so since no wizard is fighting against each other, Regulus has time to study the Death Eaters without risking his life to do so.

 

Barty and Evan are there again, still easily noticeable, but Regulus leaves them alone even as he stares at Barty for too long to be safe and too long to be just friends.

 

Still not over him, I suppose,  Regulus thinks sadly before he drags his focus away and looks around the park.

 

The usual members of the inner circle are there; Bellatrix, Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, Nott and Mulciber, but someone hovering on the edge of the group catches Regulus' eye.

 

They seem to fit in and stand out simultaneously, and even though he doesn't know who it is, they seem familiar in another way that Regulus can't quite place. Regardless, he knows that he's found who he's interrogating tonight.

 

The Death Eaters aren't as hyper-focused on their surroundings tonight since there still isn't anybody fighting back, so it's laughably easy for Regulus to move unnoticed past everyone, his disillusionment charm in top form as he stuns his target and the crack of their apparation is lost over the sound of spellfire and screaming.

 

As usual, he binds them to the chair and reinforces his magical suppression wards, which he's only further developed following the Snape debacle. Then he removes their mask and is about to wake them up when he's stopped short.

 

Sitting in front of him is Peter Pettigrew.

 

One of the four marauders, an honourable Gryffindor, a member of the Order.

 

And a fucking traitor.

 

Yes, Regulus knows he's a traitor too, but he's not a spy like Peter is, working for Voldemort while cosying up to Dumbledore, no less.

 

Realising this and seeing him slumped in the chair, still unconscious, makes Regulus move.

 

He doesn't think, doesn't react, doesn't even remember he has magic even though it's all he was raised knowing.

 

It's pure instinct,

 

Nothing more, nothing less.

 

Regulus punches Peter Pettigrew in the face.

 

He really has a newfound appreciation for muggle fighting; it's a lot more satisfying than magic, but what isn't satisfying is the knowledge that he's going to need to make sure the Order finds out.

 

Once again, he curses that he loves his stupid, hypocritical, blood traitor of a brother. If Pettigrew was in Snape's position and leaking information to Dumbledore, Regulus probably wouldn't care. Still, as it stands, he knows he has to get word to the Order about who the spy is. Even though Regulus hates the Order, killing Voldemort is higher on his list than bringing down Dumbledore, so he has to focus on his priorities.

 

Firstly, he has to figure out what he wants to say and, more importantly, what Pettigrew does.

 

"Rennervate."

 

Peter's eyes shoot open, and he looks around frantically before he seems to genuinely shrivel in fear.

 

"Regulus Black, what have you done to me? Just wait until everyone finds out you're a Death Eater. Wait until Sirius –"

 

"Take my brother's name out of your mouth", Regulus hisses threateningly and utterly furious. "How about you wait until Sirius finds out you're a Death Eater."

 

Pettigrew looks terrified.

 

"No", he squeaks out, "no, you can't. They'd never want to see me again –"

 

"If you don't stop making excuses for yourself, they won't have the privilege of choosing. Now you're going to give me information, valuable information, and I may consider letting you live."

 

"You can't kill me", Peter breathes out, trembling in fear.

 

Regulus just raises an eyebrow in response. "Can't I?" and then he slowly lifts his wand…

 

"Okay! Okay! What do you want to know? I don't know anything!"

 

"Bullshit", Regulus says before he goes quiet as the two sides of him wrestle with one another to see which question gets asked first. It's a very short fight; he has always been weak.

 

"How's Sirius?"

 

Pettigrew thankfully doesn't comment on the absurdity of the question. According to the Daily Prophet, Regulus was an only child in the House of Black when he died, so he shouldn't be asking about his brother. Privately though, Regulus thinks it's because Pettigrew is too scared to speak at all and not because he's not thinking it.

 

"Sirius? You mean Sirius Black?" Peter stammers before yelping as Regulus sends an incredibly potent stinging hex at him.

 

"Give me a stupid answer again, and I'll cut off your leg. Give me another one, and it'll be your head. Try again."

 

Peter audibly gulps, and his eyes flit frantically around the room as he tries to find an exit. When he realises that there aren't any, he tries to find something to appease Regulus the best he can.

 

He's got nothing.

 

"I said" Regulus begins darkly and stepping closer to his face. "Try again."

 

"Sirius and Remus are living together in London because they're dating", Peter blurts out before looking ridiculously pleased that he found something useful. However, none of this is news to Regulus, who raises his wand threateningly, which makes Peter's delighted expression disappear at once.

 

 "Last chance, you're lucky I'm merciful."

 

"What do you want to know?" Peter cries out desperately. "That he and Remus had their first-anniversary last week, even though we all count it as the middle of fifth year? That we all go out together for drinks every Friday unless we have a mission? That his parents keep trying to bring him back? That the restaurant we went to was closed –"

 

"I beg your pardon", Regulus says, incredulous, shocked, and deathly afraid all at once. "What do you mean our parents are trying to bring him back? Bring him back where?"

 

Peter looks terrified of offending Regulus but answers anyways. "Well, every pureblood house needs an heir, doesn't it? Especially the House of Black, where the prerequisite is to be a Death Eater. And after you died, or didn't die, there was only one feasible choice, despite his history. Sirius –"

 

"I told you not to say his name, you traitorous fucking rat", Regulus lashes out, outwardly rageful, but inside, his mind is whirring. He distractedly oblivates Peter, so Voldemort doesn't deem it necessary to find a new spy should Regulus have killed him. Then, he drops him back in Weymouth and relocates his tent to Eastern Scotland, where he goes into the sitting room and has a crisis.

 

Sirius can't go back to the House of Black and can't be the heir.

 

He almost died when he left the first time, and there's no chance his parents would let him survive if he tried for the second time.

 

Regulus could go back and become heir again, but if he does that, Regulus knows that it would make him kill himself if Voldemort didn't get there first.

 

There's no obvious solution to anything; the House of Black needs an heir, and neither of their heirs are willing to take on the role.

 

There's no way that Sirius will ever go back willingly, and Regulus won't let his brother survive the rest of his life under the imperio curse and other mind compulsions.

 

Fuck.

 

There's only one thing he can do.

 

Regulus has to go back to Grimmauld Place and back to his parents.

 

Fuck.

 

 

Grimmauld Place hasn't changed in the 8 months since Regulus has been gone.

 

It's still dark and foreboding, and like a dementor, Regulus can feel it sucking the life out of him.

 

It's the only way,  he reminds himself. It's the only way. You have to do this for Sirius.

 

He doesn't want to, his mind is screaming at him to run and forget everything, but he has to.

 

He has to.

 

The wards obviously let him in, he's still their son after all, even if it's now only in blood, and Regulus knows that the wards are going to announce his arrival and identify him, and if anybody is home, they're going to –

 

“Regulus Arcturus Black.” 

 

And,

 

"We did not raise you to bring such shame upon this family."

 

You didn't raise me at all , Regulus thinks, and out loud, he says dully, "Bonjour maman, bonjour papa. Je suis revenu. »

 

Regulus isn't surprised when a jet of red light comes towards him from his mother's wand, but he easily dodges the cruciatus curse instead of taking it wordlessly, which makes her step back in shock and raise a hand towards her mouth.

 

"A true Black is not a coward and does not run from his punishments," she bursts outs shrilly, but Regulus did not come back just to be tortured by her.

 

"I'm not running", is all Regulus says. "I'm tired of running from you, and I'm sure Sirius is too."

 

"Make sense, Regulus, and tell us why you have decided to return? You will not have the choice of leaving the manor after this, and I will not stop bringing that blood-traitor brother of yours back into the fray. He was born to rule this house, and you have always been second in line, second best, weak and inadequate; however, I will not allow you to sully the good Black name any longer. Both of you will stay here and will never leave again; I did not raise my sons to shirk from their duties and be unworthy of their name."

 

"I'm only here to make sure that you leave Sirius alone," Regulus says, ignoring all the hate spewed vitriol and focusing on his primary reason for being here and dealing with this.

 

"So you are here to offer yourself in his place? I told you that you are the second choice, and we will not stop until we have him," Walburga replies threateningly.

 

"I'm here to make sure that you leave him alone", Regulus repeats.

 

"Why did you return Regulus if not for your family?" his father cuts in harshly. "Are you here to fulfil your duty and devote yourself to your family?"

 

"Yes," Regulus says confidently, this much he knows. "Everything I do from here on out is for my family."

 

"So you are retaking your birthright as the heir?" Walburga demands as a statement rather than a question.

 

"Technically."

 

"Or are you here to help us with your runaway brother?" Orion asks.

 

"Technically", Regulus repeats.

 

"Make sense, Regulus or I shall curse you until you can", his mother interrupts, her eyes darkening in the tell-tale sign of anger –

 

Make sense, Regulus , he thinks desperately, make them understand.

 

"I'm sorry", Regulus rushes out instead, rather nonsensically. "I love you, and I'm sorry, but I had to leave. And now I've had to come back. I have to do this."

 

"You're not making sense", his father bursts out, his wand raised in silent threat. "Use your words, boy."

 

"Use my words", Regulus says out loud. "Alright."

 

He takes a deep breath and uses his words, the same two words, twice in a row.

 

"Avada kedavra."

 

Sirius,  he thinks, this is for you.

 

 

Regulus doesn't know how to react to his parent's death that he just caused. 

 

He thought maybe he'd be angry, maybe relieved, or maybe he'd burst into hysterical laughter.

 

As it turns out, he does none of the above and surprises himself by sobbing. He's genuinely just sitting in the hallway, leaning against the wall, as he has another mental breakdown.

 

He cries for his parents, who he just killed, and he cries for the shit parents that they were and for the good parents that they could have been and should have been and now never will be again.

 

He cries until his parent's bodies are kaleidoscopic, blurred and swirling amongst his tears, and he cries until he has a headache and feels like he's about to throw up.

 

He still can't shove the thoughts away yet, occlumency only works to a certain extent, but this is causing some emotional fucking turmoil for Regulus.

 

So he stays in the same spot in the hallway and falls apart until he's calmed enough for thoughts to begin making their way through his mind.

 

You can't get Sirius now,  Regulus tells his parents. You can't get him anymore, and that is probably the only possible thought that can make his tears stop.

 

He manages to calm himself down from his mental breakdown even though his mental state is still an utter wreck. He's managed to repress enough to get up and leave, and despite having every intention of doing so, he instead finds his feet carrying him to the drawing room.

 

It still has the same unsettling and sinister atmosphere as it did whenever punishments were issued, and Regulus swears he can sense traces of Sirius' blood on the carpet. Despite the ambience of the room, though, the tapestry is as pristine as ever, and Regulus finds himself, his brother and his parents at the bottom centre of it.

 

Sirius is burnt off, and his parents have their death date inscribed in neat cursive next to their birthdates.

 

Black, toujours pur  the tree reads.

 

The Black family, those who stand for everything that signifies a traditional aristocratic pureblood. Regulus may still be a pretentious snob, and his blood will always be pure, but he doesn't know how traditional he is anymore.

 

He's destroying everything they believe in, and he's proud of it.

 

He's becoming everything they would hate for him to be, and he's not disappointed in himself for it.

 

No , Regulus thinks. I don't want this anymore; I don't want this family. I'll make my own.

 

He raises his wand towards his name and only feels relief as he utters "incendio" and watches his portrait and plaque go up in flames.

 

He still doesn't know if he's done the right thing by the light's standards, but it was the only way he could protect Sirius.

 

His parents never wanted Regulus; they still didn't want him now, especially after his disappearance, so there's no way they would have ever left Sirius alone.

 

No, they would have stalled their efforts while Regulus became heir, but when the pressure became too much, and he went from living to surviving to dying to dead, Sirius would have had no chance against their schemes, no matter how many threats it took and how many bodies had to be buried to bring him back.

 

They would never have left him alone, so he would have never been free and never lived.

 

So, this way the only way.

 

Regulus never came back to Grimmauld Place to be tortured by his parents.

 

No, he came back to make memories to torture himself with for the rest of his life.

 

 

He delivers four letters that night; one to Dumbledore and one to Sirius, Potter and Lupin.

 

Regulus doesn't really care about the other marauders, but to only send one to Sirius would be suspicious, and after his parents, he's already paranoid about someone coming after him and finding out what he's done.

 

He spends forever trying to disguise his handwriting because his natural cursive is a particular font of snooty upper-class pureblood Death Eater that everyone would undoubtedly recognise, especially Sirius. So, much to Regulus' disgust, he goes out into muggle London and buys a pad of paper and a cheap pen that he burns as soon as he has written his four letters.

 

They're all the same, so it doesn't take long; it's 12 words total across the four letters.

 

 

Check Pettigrew's arm.

 

 

Regulus almost wants to add I'm sorry to the bottom of Sirius' one, but he can't; it's too risky. He has to make sure that the letters arrive and that someone will still spread the truth if they are intercepted, so Regulus goes to see one of the few people he can trust.

 

Another conversation.

 

Another memory vial.

 

And then Regulus is back to being alone.

 

Again.

 

Still, he can't help but have the contents of the vial replaying in his head and making sure he doesn't slip into a depressive spiral.

 

"Even when I forget this, make sure that you don't."

 
Notes:

    Translation:

    Bonjour maman, bonjour papa, je suis revenu- Hello mother, hello father, I have returned.

    Poor Reggie :(((( But also him with Peter- "take my brothers name out of your mouth." I would have tapped so hard lmao.

    and then "Sirius, this is for you." I know you all want a dark Regulus fic but It just keeps getting sadder oops.

    Very intrigued for the comments... This chapter with his parents was always on the cards for this fic, and there will be more significance of it in the a few chapters time. Here is the answer to a lot of the double meaning foreshadowing that came in previous chapters though...

Chapter 17: Chapter 16: December 1980
Summary:

    Love is messy.

Notes:

    New chapter woooo, hope you enjoy this one- lots of dialogue lmao but lots of different interactions which is nice.

    I might have the next chapter for you by Wednesday, but definitely by Friday. Won't have much time to write for the next couple of days though since I've got work and a Conan Gray concert yayyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!

    Hope you enjoy, and just reiterating that I know Harry was born July 1980, but he's being born in 1981 to fit the plot, so no it's not an error and yes I know what I've written.

    Next two chapters in this timeline are ending on cliffhangers and chapter 20 is going to be IT so be excited for when I publish that.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Flashback : 12 July 1980 – 31 October 1980

 

James Potter and Lily Evans wake up on their second anniversary in the same bed, the way they always have, but something seems off.

 

The typical relationship has a honeymoon period that lasts roughly 6 months, followed by trials and tribulations, where each party sees every side of the other. Then, after roughly 2 years, the relationship is ready to either make or break.

 

James Potter wakes in the same bed as Lily Evans on their second anniversary, the date when they should be sure that they're going to make it.

 

Instead, there's an unrelenting feeling in his chest telling him they're going to break up.

 

He doesn't know where the voice came from and why it won't go away, and when he turns towards Lily who is already awake, sees the look in her eye and the way she utters "James", he knows that she feels it too.

 

"Lily," he chokes out, and then they both lie on the bed, holding each other and crying.

 

"I don't want to break up", James chokes out, laughing brokenly as Lily says, "me neither, but I think it's for the best."

 

"Me too", James replies. "I wish it wasn't, though."

 

They're silent for a while, embracing the last of each other and wishing they could still have each other as a constant when the world is wreaking havoc upon everyone and everything is changing.

 

"Lily", James says, breaking the silence as they're both quietly getting changed. "This isn't –" he pauses, cutting himself off and then tries again. "This isn't because I didn't do enough for you, was it? Or because I didn't love you enough? Because I did. I did love you. I still do, and I always will."

 

Lily just laughs wetly and goes to hug him again. 

 

"No James," she tells his chest. "I don't think you could ever be inadequate. You love people so much that they drown in it in the best way. Even when we're apart, I'll always carry your love with me wherever I go."

 

"I don't know if I'll ever love someone the way I love you," James says honestly.

 

"Good," Lily replies. "The next person that comes along, you love them for them and don't let me hold you back.

 

"I'll always miss you."

 

"I'll always be around."

 

 

They still keep in touch, and they still remain friends, but it's getting harder and harder to see one another outside of war strategies, reconnaissance missions and St Mungo hospital rooms.

 

The first time they have the same time off without any of their friends is over 3 months later, on 31 October 1980. They're at James' parent's townhouse and are talking and laughing when all of a sudden, they're kissing.

 

They don't know who started it or who moved first, but it's as though they're both seventeen again, kissing in the Hogwarts dorm like their life depends on it. 

 

It's familiar and foreign at the same time, but it doesn't stop their clothes from coming off and them stumbling into the bedroom until they're both sweaty and satiated and staring at each other across the sheets.

 

"This isn't going to work, is it?" Lily says sadly.

 

"I'd hoped", James says honestly. "But no, I think we're just friends."

 

"We'll always be more than just friends", Lily says.

 

"Go live your life Lily. I'll be cheering for you in the front row."

 

"Go live your life, James." She repeats. "I'll be cheering for you too."

 

 

December 1980

 

Lily is pregnant.

 

Lily is pregnant, which means that James is going to be a father.

 

Lily is pregnant, and James is going to be a father, but it isn't Lily who he looks to immediately after her announcement; no, it's Regulus Black.

 

It's Regulus Black who has a light in his eye that visibly dims. James can make out one emotion before his blank and expressionless mask slides into place.

 

And it's not happiness, anger, fear, or anything that James thinks he could deal with.

 

No, Regulus looks hurt, like he knew James would break his promise, and now he's crumbling to pieces in the aftermath.

 

And James is the one who made it happen.

 

He opens his mouth to call him to stay, but he has once again fled the room.

 

"We're doing the right thing here, aren't we, James?" Lily asks through her tears, hugging James as tightly as he's hugging her. 

 

"Yeah, Lils, we are. We'll raise this kid together, and he's gonna be so damn loved; we just won't be together. You'll have Mary to help you."

 

"We're not together yet", Lily laughs through her tears.

 

"Yet", James emphasises, "you'll get there soon, and you'll both be amazing mums."

 

"Anyone out there who you think will work out?" she asks.

 

"There's someone", James says tightly, glancing back towards the doorway. "I don't know if it will work out, though.

 

Something clicks in Lily's eyes, and she smiles sadly.

 

"Go see him, James. Mary's here. I'll be okay."

 

"Him?" James blurts out, "what makes you think it's a guy?"

 

"You look at him the same way you used to look at me."

 

James kisses Lily's cheek and goes to leave when Lily's voice stops him.

 

"James, do you, do you regret it? Regret what we did and what we're doing now?"

 

"How could I?" James replies honestly. "I'm going to be a father."

 

 

Regulus, rather ridiculously, feels betrayed.

 

He told him, he told James Potter that this was how it would end, but James had seemed so sure that it would all work out, and somehow, that hope had transferred to Regulus too, and the dark and cynical parts of him had had hope shined on them by the sun that is James Potter.

 

But why was he stupid enough to believe that anything could ever work out for him; he's Regulus Black, and he doesn't get nice things.

 

He doesn't get his brother.

 

He doesn't get to be happy.

 

And he most certainly doesn't get James Potter.

 

And here's the proof.

 

He doesn't bother going to his room, knowing that's exactly where James would go to find him. No, he goes to see the person who set this in motion in the first place.

 

The one who knew all along what was going to happen, and Regulus now realises, is the reason that any of this happened in the first place.

 

Evan Rosier, some fucking best friend who probably thought that this was some great big funny joke. 

 

Yeah, you like James Potter, and he likes you. 

 

What bullshit.

 

He storms into their room, then into the library, and then finds them in the second-floor lounge, but he can't hear their greetings over the roaring anger in his ears. Regulus can't help himself as he walks over to where Evan is on the sofa, hauls him up and roughly shoves him against the wall before he brings him forwards slightly and hits him again.

 

Rather than looking alarmed, panicked, or trying to fight back, Evan looks at Regulus in confusion as he continues to yell and shove him around.

 

"You're a right fucking bastard, did you know that? Did you think this was all one big joke? Well, guess what, Evan, it wasn't fucking funny, so you can just go to hell –"

 

His last sentence is accompanied by a sharp punch in the chest, which makes Barty finally snap out of his shock from where he was watching Regulus throw Evan around like a doll.

 

Evan just takes it all until Barty pulls Regulus off him, stands in front of him and says, "if you want to hit someone, hit me. Leave Evan alone."

 

Regulus' sharp snarl of "why would I do that when you're not the one I want to hit?" is lost over Evan and Barty's new argument.

 

"Hey, no, don't say that. He can hit me, but he doesn't need to hit you."

 

"What? No, Evan, he can hit me, but not you."

 

"No! Plus, you hit me all the time Barty."

 

"Yeah, that's different. It's me."

 

"What?"

 

"What do you mean what?"

 

"What do you mean, what do I mean what?"

 

"What do you mean –"

 

"Shut the fuck up, both of you!" That's Regulus now, whose emotional instability has flared up again, and he's gone from betrayed to angry to frustrated and exhausted at the same time, and Barty and Evan's useless bickering that they disguise as flirting is reminding him slightly of him and James who he doesn't want to think about.

 

He looks at Barty to see if he's looking at Evan the way he used to look at Regulus and if Evan's feelings are reciprocated, but Barty is currently staring at Regulus in concern, making him regret ever dating him and opening up because he can read him like a book and now, he's going to have to go before Barty tries to unpack it all –

 

"Sit", Barty says, pointing at the couch. "You're having a crisis."

 

"I am not having a crisis", Regulus mutters, but when Evan pointedly rubs his slightly bruised jaw and raises an eyebrow in response, Regulus flushes slightly and looks away.

 

"It's not another Dark Lord, is it?" Barty asks out of nowhere, almost making Regulus forget his misery as he blinks in shock at Barty, making sure he's heard him right.

 

"No", he replies incredulously, "why the fuck would you think that?"

 

"Process of elimination", Barty replies, smiling smugly. "And so I have deduced that your crisis is due to your relationship drama –"

 

"There's no drama, and there's no fucking relationship!"  Regulus bursts out, the dangerous mix of emotions flaring up within him again and disguising themselves as anger, but unfortunately, it's not scaring the others away.

 

No, Evan just looks at Barty and says "there's relationship drama", and Barty nods sagely in response.

 

Regulus wants to punch him again, and if the way Evan looks at Regulus and smirks is any indication, he knows that Evan knows it.

 

"Enlighten us with your not drama on your not relationship", Barty says eventually, trying to pry every hint of information out of Regulus, piece by piece.

 

"I said there wasn't any –"

 

"Yes, yes, we know. There's no drama at all. Now tell us anyways."

 

Regulus, rather selfishly, wants to be coddled right now. No, he'd never ask for it and never accept it if anyone tried, but he can't help but miss every night in sixth year when he and Barty would lie in each other's arms and just enjoy each other's company.

 

They did a lot more than just lying in bed, of course, but Regulus wants to go back to that time when it was just him and Barty. At the time, Regulus was as happy as he could be still having his parents controlling his life and most importantly, there was absolutely no influence of James Potter in his life.

 

He stares at Barty for a good long while, unblinking, but Barty is waiting patiently, not pushing even though he wants to, and Regulus can't help himself as he slowly begins to recount the story in short, unelaborate sentences.

 

"We kissed" is the first one.

 

"Yeah, we know that," Evan replies.

 

"Again." 

 

"I still don't see the problem."

 

"And again."

 

"Oh, shit, is he not a good kisser?" Barty asks, seemingly horrified. "I see how that's a problem. I know you have no problems in that department, darling."

 

"No. Yes. Yes, he's a good kisser."

 

"He's too good?"

 

"No! Shut up and listen!"

 

"You're not giving us anything to listen to!"

 

"Evans is pregnant, and James fucking Potter is the father. How about you listen to that and fucking tell me I deserve this crisis, not that I'm having one in the first place!"

 

"Yeah, of course you do, Reg", Evan says dutifully as Barty looks up at the ceiling and whistles.

 

"Well, I did say you could never do any better than me because I never would have done that to you," Barty says, which sounds awfully condescending at best, but Regulus can see the care and sympathy between the lines.

 

"Yeah Barty, I know", is all Regulus replies, too tired to manage anything else.

 

"Want us to kill him for you?" Evan asks, entirely serious, and somehow that makes Regulus smile slightly until he goes to say yes and says "no" instead and realises that he's still absolutely gone for James Potter.

 

Despite everything, he still wants him.

 

Regulus hates being weak.

 

 

"Regulus –"

 

"Don't ever talk to me again."

 

"Reg –"

 

"Did I stutter? Get out of my hallway and out of my life."

 

"We live in the same hallway –"

 

"Fuck off!"

 

James' attempts to talk to Regulus are turning out to be unsuccessful.

 

They're both standing in the hallway, and neither is moving despite every fibre in James' body telling him to push closer, hold him, and make everything right again, except it won't work this time.

 

No, the one way James knows how to solve problems is by giving all of himself in an attempt to fill the cracks where the other person is breaking to pieces, even if it means losing himself in the process. Except that won't work this time because he's the problem, so he wouldn't fill the crevices but rather elongate them, all of his love and caring and tenderness being too much and not enough at the same time.

 

He doesn't think he's giving enough; Regulus thinks James gives him more than he deserves.

 

"I don't understand what the problem is, Regulus," James huffs out, deciding to get to the root of the issue before Regulus goes back to ignoring him again.

 

Thankfully, Regulus looks incredulous and blank instead of angry, which James is grateful for.

 

"Really?" he asks dryly.

 

"Yes, really! I don't want Lily anymore. She doesn't want me; she wants, well, someone else, and I want you! So where's the problem?"

 

"The problem is the fucking baby that will make you realise that you want her and not me and that I'm incompatible with your picture-perfect family!" Regulus bursts out in anger, panting heavily and practically cringing over the way James' eyes soften in pity.

 

"Regulus", he says softly. "I'm not going to leave you for her. I like you, not her. I won't disappoint you like that, I promised."

 

"Funny", Regulus says carelessly, "you already have. It didn't even take you half a day."

 

"Regulus, please", James pleads; he's practically begging at this point. "I promise you can trust me; I promise I won't let you down. I thought you were pleased with what we were becoming and of who you were letting yourself become."

 

James holds his breath, hoping this is the breakthrough to get through to Regulus. His stomach flutters in trepidation and excitement and then promptly drops as he hears Regulus' words, delivered straight to the heart with such force James swears he can feel himself bleed.

 

"You made me regret being proud of myself."

 

Regulus goes back into his room after delivering the harsh news, and James can't help himself as he starts heaving with sobs that wrack his whole body and leave him shuddering in the aftermath.

 

If Regulus can hear him, he doesn't come out to comfort him, yell at him some more, or tell him to shut up. James would take any of it if he got to see him again, tried to explain something, anything, but there's nothing.

 

There's absolutely nothing, and James wonders if that's what they've become.

 

He and Regulus, who were once everything, are now absolutely nothing.

 

He goes downstairs, wanting to talk to Sirius but not wanting to tell him about how his relationship drama revolves around his brother, but Remus takes one look at him, gives a quick "Sirius, go talk to Regulus, okay?" and as soon as Sirius has disappeared, he pulls James into a hug.

 

"I assume he didn't take it well?" Remus asks, and James just cries harder in response.

 

"That's a no," Remus says wryly, even as he dutifully pats James between the shoulders and lets him cry into his sweater.

 

"How did you know?" James asks hoarsely when the tears have abated slightly and the room has stopped being so blurry.

 

"Because Sirius would do the same", Remus replies. "Yeah, they're different, but they're still brothers; I assume it's all linked into one puzzle of self-worth and validation, and since it's already so low because of their childhood, it doesn't take a lot for the tower to fall when it all builds up. Sirius has had us, but Regulus has had no one for nearly 3 years; I would've been surprised if he wasn't mentally unstable."

 

"And it's my fault it's gotten worse", James moans miserably. "He hates me, and he thinks I hate him, and he's going to be so fucking miserable."

 

"He won't be the only one", Remus replies amusedly before wincing apologetically as James bursts into tears again.

 

"I don't understand Slytherins", James whines, "whenever Lily had a problem with me, she told me. She didn't do all of this sneaky crisis shit; Moony help me understand Slytherins."

 

"Do I look like a Slytherin to you?" Remus replies, dreading what's about to come as he sees James' face light up with his I've got a new excellent plan and the only person who supports this plan is me face.

 

"Crouch and Rosier are Slytherins and Regulus' friends, oh this is perfect", he exclaims excitedly.

 

Then, he practically runs out of the room, giddy with excitement at the prospect of getting Regulus back. He doesn't see Remus place his head in his hands as he braces himself for the impending disaster to merge with the pre-existing one and create a huge mass of destruction.

 

James finds Evan and Barty in the second-floor lounge, but before he can do anything, he's been frozen in place from the neck down, a variation of petrificus totalus commonly used in interrogations so that the person can't move but can still answer questions.

 

"Uhhhhh, hello?" James says confusedly, wondering why today, of all days, is the day that Barty has finally decided to use magic against him.

 

"My, my, it is so disappointing that Regulus said we couldn't curse you or harm you", Barty says dangerously in what is supposed to be a threat, but instead, it makes James' heart sing.

 

"He still wants to protect me?" 

 

Barty looks furious at himself.

 

"That is not the key takeaway here. The key takeaway is that you're a fucking awful person who says they're not like everyone else and then hurt him more than most people ever have, and if you have any respect for him left inside you, then you will leave him alone."

 

"No", James blurts out before he can stop himself. "I love him. I can't do that."

 

"Well, it's clearly not reciprocated", Barty replies nastily. "Yes, he left me alone, made me think he was dead for over three years even though he was my fucking boyfriend at the time, but once again, he liked me back, and he did it to protect me. You've made him feel something and then taken it all away again without any fucking remorse, so bear in mind that I had him first, and since you're clearly a fucking awful fit for him, I wouldn't be too surprised if I have him again."

 

James' muscles are still paralysed, but he still visibly stiffens, and oddly enough, Evan Rosier does too. Maybe he doesn't like the idea of Barty taking Regulus back, either? Maybe he wants Regulus for himself? Or maybe he's still secretly rooting for James and Regulus?

 

This last thought is immediately crushed as Evan says lightly, "I think the only reason Regulus hasn't killed you yet is because he doesn't want to go to Azkaban. I would also rather die than go back, but if that was the cost to pay for the honour of murdering you, I'd probably do it."

 

James feels slightly uneasy at this point, still paralysed and literally having his life threatened by two ex-Death Eaters, and Evan's next words do not help matters at all, as he looks James coldly in the eye and says, "For Regulus though? No matter the consequences, I'd do it. I'd do it for him, and I wouldn't. Even. Hesitate."

 

"I thought he said you couldn't," James says slowly, still unsure if his life is genuinely at risk or not.

 

"Oh, he did", Evan says with a strong edge to his voice that doesn't convince James either way.

 

"And you listen to him?" James asks again.

 

"Yes", Barty cuts in harshly. "We both do because we love and respect him. When he tells us to go away or to shut up or to step back, we listen because we respect him and we respect his boundaries. You know who doesn't listen to a single fucking word he says, though?" he finishes, staring at James with a deathly glare that would have made James step back instinctively if he wasn't still frozen.

 

"You say you want him, you say you love him, but you don't show it. He's nothing more than a trophy to you, you want to date the stupid fucking war hero of Britain, but you don't want to date Regulus Black. So back off and leave him alone, or we'll ensure you do."

 

James, once again, wants to cry, but he doesn't want to do it in front of Regulus' self-assigned bodyguards.

 

"You're wrong", is all he says feebly but with conviction. "I do want him. I do respect him, and I'm not going to give up on him."

 

"Even though he's already given up on you because you've moved on with a mudblood", Evan cuts in coolly, making James gulp before stiffening in indignant rage.

 

"I don't give a shit what Lily's blood status is, so take those words out of your mouth", James rants. "She's my ex, but she's my friend now, and it's going to stay that way, so stop making false assumptions and realise that all I want is Regulus. Not her and not anyone else."

 

Surprisingly, James' tirade is responded to with the body bind being released and Evan and Barty high-fiving each other, as the former says, "knew I could make him blow up."

 

"You did", Barty replies, impressed.

 

"Hang on", James says incredulously. "Was this all one big joke? Was this funny to you?"

 

"There is not an ounce of either of us that was joking", Barty says seriously. "You inconvenience our lives by existing, and we would love to be the ones to remedy that. Now get lost, and if you come back to me for anything Regulus-related, I will at the very least cut your leg off, so you have to grow it back yourself."

 

"Regulus recommends it on enemies", he adds at Evan's incredulous look, and while he's distracted, James flees the room with all of his body parts intact, simultaneously hopeless and filled with a strengthened resolve to prove to Regulus that he is a man of his word.

 

 

Regulus closes his door and hopes not to be disturbed, when literally less than a minute later, the door opens again.

 

"Potter are you asking to be fucking murdered – Oh, it's you."

 

"Reggie, I'm so pleased to hear how delighted you are to see me, oh brother of mine."

 

"Fuck. Off."

 

"You're in a shit mood, I see."

 

"And you're a shit brother. What's your fucking point?"

 

He really isn't in the mood to deal with his brother right now, even though he can tell he's here for Regulus.

 

Probably because James told him to, because he still cares about Regulus and has recognised he's upset and –

 

No.

 

No.

 

He needs to erase the train of thought from his mind; James never cared about him and never will, and the most inconvenient part of all this is that Regulus does and doesn't think he'll ever stop.

 

"Why are you here, Sirius?" Regulus asks tiredly. He just can't be bothered to deal with his brother now and wants to be alone and sulk. Well, no, that's his second choice. His first choice is with James, but that isn't an option; it apparently never was and definitely will never be again.

 

"James is upset, so Remus sent me here", Sirius replies, and Regulus feels a slight pang in his chest that he's the one who made it happen even though James hurt him first. 

 

"Well, I'm sending you away", Regulus says stubbornly. "So go."

 

"No, I don't think I will", Sirius says lightly, walking over to his desk and sitting on the chair, propping his feet up and smiling smugly.

 

"Sirius, I told you to go," Regulus replies warningly.

 

"And I told you no."

 

"Oh, for fucks sake, why are you so annoying!" Regulus cries out, done with it all.

 

"We have the same genetics Reggie. If you're going to hate me, then you're going to have to hate yourself too."

 

"You say that like it's hypothetical", Regulus replies dryly before this emotion switches to rage tainted with hurt as Sirius keeps talking.

 

"What happened between you and James? Did you have a fight? I didn't even know that you guys were friends."

 

"Nothing, no, and we're not", Regulus replies shortly. "Now if that's all, I'd better be going –“

 

"Going where Reggie?" Sirius asks, unexpectedly afraid again, as he wonders where Regulus is going, if he's about to kill someone else, if he's about to get himself killed –

 

"To the library", Regulus replies unimpressed and enunciating slowly. "Now, I'm sure you've never heard of it in your life, but –"

 

"Oh shut up and read some books, you fucking swot."

 

"What else would I have done in a literal library, you moron."

 

"Don't talk to me like I'm stupid –"

 

"Don't act like you're stupid then."

 

"Oh fuck off, Reggie."

 

"Gladly."

 

He's halfway out the door, debating whether or not he should use his wards to lock Sirius in his room when Sirius asks one more question.

 

"So nothing happened with you and James?" he asks. "I know something happened, so tell me what it was. He only ever means well, so I'm sure it's just a big misunderstanding –"

 

How could Regulus have forgotten about Saint fucking Potter and how Sirius would always side with his real brother over Regulus, like he's the one who's overreacting.

 

"Nothing happened and you can drop it or I will curse you."

 

"So you're not friends then?"

 

"No", Regulus says firmly. In any context, at any moment in time, he can definitely say that he has never wanted James as a friend.

 

He's seen him as an enemy, and he's seen him as everything he's ever wanted.

 

All or nothing.

 

And that's what they've become.

 

Nothing.

 

Regulus closes the door behind him and sees James standing outside his room, staring at him and evidently eavesdropping on their conversation.

 

"It's rude to fucking eavesdrop, so you can go fuck off and leave me alone."

 

"Regulus –"

 

He doesn't even give himself a chance to listen. He just keeps walking past James, down the stairs and pretends that his eyes didn't flick to his left to take in James in all his glory as he went past.

 

Unfortunately, James is a very fast walker and easily catches up.

 

"Regulus, please, just tell me where we go from here and what we are."

 

"From here? I go into the library, and you do not follow me. And what we are?" he chuckles hollowly.

 

We're everything  he thinks.

 

"We're nothing", he says out loud, "we never were and never will be anything again", and he thinks he can see James' heartbreak.

 

Now you know how it fucking feels, you bastard,  and as he enters the library and closes the door behind him, James doesn't follow him, which upsets Regulus more than anything, because it shows him that his one true talent is still at peak working condition.

 

Besides being weak, which he managed not to do here, he has always had a spectacular flair for ruining everything he touches.

 

And after this? There's no way that he and James will ever coexist again.

 

 

Regulus had planned to do some more hallow research but finds himself pulling out his old journal instead.

 

He hasn't written in it in a long time, months and months really, and as much as he doesn't want to, he can't help himself as he grabs a quill and writes as though he's in a trance.

 

 

Regulus journal: 22 December 1980

 

There is a glass ceiling.

 

You stand on the floor above it, and I am trapped below it in an abyss of inadequacy.

 

Spiderwebs are spreading throughout the glass.

 

I try to warn you that you're about to fall, but you do nothing.

 

You want the glass to shatter and watch me bleed, and you get your wish.

 

The sky falls, you're still flying, and I am a wreck,

 

Hurt, bleeding, irrevocably destroyed.

 

 

He reads it, re-reads it, and then abruptly rips the page from the book and sets it on fire, swearing at the ashes.

 

He doesn't want any evidence of his brief infatuation to be found because, much like the poem, the romance between him and James has gone up in flames and cannot be mended.

 

Much like the poem though, James still can't be erased from Regulus' mind.

 
Notes:

    Lots of dialogue, lots of drama and no jegulus progress rip.

Chapter 18: Chapter 17: January 1979 - April 1979
Summary:

    Regulus vs. horcruxes

Notes:

    I wrote this entire chapter yesterday, wrote the first 3k words for the next chapter, went to bed and then edited it this morning, so here you go!

    Be excited for chapter 18 which is going to be long but suprisingly cute and wholesome which is definitely rare in this fic, so hoping to get that out maybe by Friday? Definitely by the end of the week though- it's going to be very long but with very good content yay.

    Lots of love x

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

January 1979 – April 1979

 

It takes Regulus a long time after his parents' deaths before he realises that he's going to be okay again.

 

He refuses to label himself as depressed and wants to choose the word grieving instead, but he also doesn't want to grieve for his parents, as shit as they were and as royally fucked up they made him. On the other hand, Regulus thinks they deserve his grief in every capacity that he can offer since it's entirely his fault that they're dead in the first place.

 

So, as best as Regulus tries to resolve this problem, it only leads him further and further into his spiral of dark thoughts, self-loathing and pain.

 

I should have tried to convince my parents not to have gone for Sirius, then they'd still be alive.

 

No, I don't want that. I don't even like my parents.

 

I know, but I still love them.

 

But I shouldn't. They were awful; they didn't deserve any of my love.

 

Then why does it hurt so bad that they're gone?

 

The thoughts keep spiralling, he attains two more memory vials, and he doesn't think he gets over his parent's deaths; instead, he finds himself numb to the ability to feel. The sharp, stabbing pain of his parent's death fades into a dull constant ache that Regulus manages to ignore most of the time. However, it still doesn't change the fact that he's traumatised and is struggling in every way possible, and he's only making things worse for himself the longer he fights this war.

 

Eventually, he realises that he can't win a war if he's crying in his room, so he somehow manages to find the strength within himself to get up, shower and make himself some food. He's definitely lost weight in the past couple of months, and he resolves he needs to eat at least the bare minimum before he goes to fight someone and faints.

 

Still, it's a long and difficult process.

 

 

In early April, Regulus realises the second positive of his parent's death. The first is obviously that they can't hurt Sirius anymore. The second is that the duelling room, which can also double as Regulus' fiendfyre practising room, is no longer under watch. So, on a day when Regulus thinks his headspace is stable enough to not lose control of his emotions, he goes back to Grimmauld Place.

 

It has the same cold, depressing atmosphere as always, and the air feels heavier with the weight of what's been and gone. The air is colder than usual too, and Regulus swears he can sense it rippling as though his parents have decided to return as ghosts and haunt not only this house but every one of Regulus' waking moments.

 

He privately thinks this is very unfair while simultaneously entirely well deserved. He sees them every time he closes his eyes, after all, so surely he should get a break when he opens them.

 

Apparently not.

 

The wards are empty, no one is in the house, and thankfully, Orion and Walburga's bodies have also been removed. Regulus walks past that spot without looking down and ignores the drawing room and its tapestry, where by all accounts, the Black Family line ended after Orion and Walburga died without any sons to precede them. Then, he makes his way into the basement, where the ritual room/duelling room/fiendfyre casting room is located, ensures that all magical containment spells are still working, and tries to figure out when to begin.

 

Does he conjure up a box and see if he can light that on fire? Does he cast it in the air and see what happens? Does he just fire it and hope for the best?

 

The last one seems like his best option, really; fire first and ask questions later; the room can thankfully suppress the magic if it does become out of control, but it will still be Regulus who has to cancel the spell.

 

The two outcomes of fiendfyre are that the spell goes well and everything is fine, or it goes terribly, and Regulus dies in the flames, but he is genuinely at peace with both options. He has pre-written letters with all of his research that will be sent out in the unplanned event of his death, so whether he dies today or not, Voldemort will still eventually be defeated.

 

Nothing is holding him back as he casts "tenebris ignis," and a burst of fire in the shape of a cat flies out of his wand, then a dog, then a giraffe, then an elephant, and the room becomes a hot, stifling sauna. Still, Regulus is entirely calm, almost detached from the fact that he's in the middle of casting one of the darkest spells known to wizardkind, and he realises that his lack of emotional capacity and his indifference towards death is actually the key to this spell. 

 

If he was nervous or worried or beginning to work himself up, the fiendfyre would notice and build on it, becoming increasingly out of control, threatening his life and leaving Regulus to work harder to bring it back under control. However, he'd likely become more stressed as a result, leading to a paradoxical trap where the flames consume him until his magic runs out, he dies, and the spell is cancelled.

 

Instead, Regulus would welcome death only slightly less enthusiastically than living, and the fiendfyre senses this as the fire creatures roam aimlessly around the room. The elephant even comes over and lightly whacks him over the head with his trunk, but Regulus doesn't get burnt. 

 

No, the flames are warm, like the sun's rays on a hot summer day, and Regulus debates casting fiendfyre when he's lonely so that they can chase the coldness away and keep him company on his cold, lonely nights.

 

It's a bit sad, sure, but people can't use what they don't know against him.

 

Regulus returns to Grimmauld Place for the next three days to keep practising, even though he truly doesn't need it. He thinks it's because fiendfyre is so similar to him, dark and deadly, that it recognises him as a distant relative and allows Regulus to embrace it entirely.

 

On the first day, he was able to cast the spell, release six different flame animals and then bring them back into his wand.

 

The second, he conjured a table and managed to keep three animals confined to the space until it was entirely reduced to ashes, but could cast nine different flame animals when they were unrestricted.

 

On the third, he could release fourteen animals, have each destroy a cardboard box and then wait patiently for their next direction.

 

On the fourth, he conjured twenty-two and got them to write a message on the wooden table without destroying it. Then he merged them all together into a great big dragon that only had to look at a wooden chair before it disintegrated.

 

It was hard work for sure, but still laughably easy compared to other things he's achieved, and Regulus is confident that he and Voldemort are two of the only people who can cast it with such prowess. He focuses once again on the slight differences between them rather than the glaringly obvious similarities.

 

Voldemort casts fiendfyre well because he knows he's above death.

 

Regulus casts it well because he doesn't care if death takes him.

 

Either way, they're compelling motivations for being better than the flames and remaining alive.

 

 

On his fourth day in Grimmauld Place, Regulus takes a short break after his achievements, and he's in the kitchen when the last thing he'd have ever expected happens.

 

Someone enters the house, and Regulus wonders why he can never catch a break.

 

Regulus knows that it's someone with Black blood because the house hasn't been officially inherited by anyone yet, which means that only family can enter it. Regardless, Regulus doesn't know who the visitor is and if there's actually a good option for who it could be. 

 

Sirius is both the best and worst option, but Regulus knows he wouldn't come here willingly. Bellatrix is the second worst option for obvious reasons, but as it turns out, it's neither of them.

 

Two different voices sound out, and Regulus recognises them instantly.

 

"Lucius darling, we need to take all of the heirlooms before the blood traitor deems it fit to remove them all tomorrow."

 

"I'm still hoping that whoever targeted your dreadful aunt and uncle is going for your cousin next. He only brings shame upon the prestigious Black name, and if he is out of the picture, then this Manor will be ours."

 

"It's uncouth to speak ill of the dead Lucius, now were you raised in a barn?"

 

Lucius Malfoy sputters in response, and Narcissa's lips quirk up at the corners. Their slight bickering continues as they make their way through the hallway, and Regulus stays tucked in the pantry with the door cracked open as he tries to make sense of what they've just said.

 

There's only one main point that he can focus on, and it's that Sirius is apparently inheriting the house, which will undoubtedly mean that he's the Lord of the House of Black and is inheriting the entire Black fortune. With a small laugh, Regulus realises that Sirius is now the wealthiest person in the entirety of Wizarding Britain, if not the entire world, and he doesn't doubt that a slight dent in the fortune will be made on the stupid motorbike that Sirius has talked about since he was 12 years old.

 

Regulus was heir after Sirius was disowned, and unbeknownst to their parents, he named Sirius as his heir should anything happen to him, and as per wizarding law, Sirius was reinstated as heir 90 days after Regulus' disappearance.

 

He doesn't know if his parents didn't get the mail notifying them of the change or if they didn't bother to read it. Still, he's sure that they are absolutely rolling in their grave, knowing that Sirius is the Lord of the House of Black and Regulus is the one who made literally everything happen.

 

So, Sirius is inheriting the house tomorrow, which means that Regulus can never come back lest he runs into him or Sirius checks the ward's history, finds out that his brother is still alive, announces it to the whole world and ruins everything that Regulus has spent the past year working towards.

 

If Regulus wants more practice with fiendfyre, it will have to be out in the real world.

 

He can hear movement on the second floor; they must be in the gallery where historical artworks, portraits and other snobby aristocratic heirlooms are located, so he figures that now is the best time to sneak out undetected. He's almost at the front door and has his hand on the handle when he remembers something that makes him freeze.

 

He can't leave now, not when Narcissa and Lucius are still inside because Regulus is pretty sure that Lucius is storing one of Voldemort's horcruxes.

 

He creeps into the sitting room, out of sight of those walking down the hallway, and figures out his plan.

 

Lucius is annoyingly more competent than many of the other Death Eaters that Regulus has interrogated, so Regulus's usual tactic of stun, oblivate and hope for the best won't work, especially if Narcissa is also nearby. Regulus doubts that her loyalties to her traitorous, presumed-dead cousin are stronger than those to her actual husband.

 

Murder is always an option, but he still hasn't gotten over his parents' deaths and didn't even like them. Narcissa is one of his few family members that he does actually like, and he cannot afford to lose another 2 and a half months to grief.

 

No, he'll have to find another way to get to Lucius.

 

Regulus thinks about all the possible hiding places in the house, but he can't think of any that Narcissa wouldn't be able to get out of, whether he took her wand or not. The Malfoy family are a strong name that deserves their reputation, and although Lucius is nothing compared to the Blacks, Narcissa grew up as one, so Regulus has to find a way to essentially outsmart himself so that he can incapacitate Narcissa for long enough to get the horcrux from Lucius.

 

But how can he do it? His best shot is doing it somehow in this house; he grew up here while Narcissa only came to visit for family events and celebrations, so Regulus should know how to get around it better than her.

 

In a sudden flash of clarity, his eyes flick towards an innocent-looking wardrobe that looks like people would hang their cloaks on it up on the second floor. Instead, it was home to one of Regulus' worst punishments as a child, the one where if he was making too much noise or wasn't showing the correct comportment as a Black, or if his mother was just sick of seeing his face, she would throw him in the cupboard that was soundproof and only unlockable from the outside.

 

It was dark, stuffy and is undoubtedly where Regulus inherited his claustrophobia. Whenever he was younger and went missing, Sirius would routinely check the cupboard to see if he was there and then would always let him out, even though that would usually result in Sirius being locked in the cupboard with him.

 

Looking back now, Regulus was an incredibly selfish child because he always looked forward to when Sirius would get caught coming to save him because then he wouldn't be alone anymore.

 

Sirius would turn it into a game, or he'd talk to Regulus, or when Regulus was much smaller, Sirius would stand, in the corner of the wardrobe, uncomfortable beyond belief and taking up as little space as he could so that Regulus could lie down and sleep to pass the time.

 

Other times, they'd both sit with their knees touching, opposite each other but unable to see in the darkness, and Sirius would tell stories and make Regulus laugh. During those times, he could pretend they were having a sleepover and hiding under the covers instead of sitting in a dark wardrobe and waiting for their monsters for parents to let them out again.

 

The entire experience was nostalgic in a deeply traumatising way, and Regulus still wouldn't say he's grateful for the cupboard now, even if his plan works; its help in detaining Narcissa won't rule out the bucket loads of trauma that it gave him, but he's got nothing else to try.

 

He creeps up to the second floor; both of the Malfoy's are in the fourth sitting room now, which is just down the hallway from the wardrobe, and Regulus opens the wardrobe doors, hides behind a statue of some Black from the fourteenth century, and waits.

 

"I'll just go to use the powder room, darling."

 

"Yes, dear."

 

And then she's coming along the hallway, pausing in confusion outside the wardrobe, sure that it had been closed when she had last walked past it, and Regulus leaps out, shoves her inside and closes the door before she's had a chance to see his face.

 

He's sure she's swearing and banging on the door and trying to set it on fire, but from the outside, there's nothing to see. It's just a wardrobe.

 

"Narcissa, is everything alright?" Lucius' voice calls out from the sitting room.

 

Shit,  Regulus thinks. He hadn't taken into account how loud this would be. He's trying to figure out if he can impersonate Narcissa's voice and then shaking his head in contempt that he'd even consider it when Lucius' head pops out the doorway.

 

Like every other Death Eater, his eyes widen dramatically, and he fumbles for his wand.

 

"Who are you, coming into this house under polyjuice potion –"

 

Regulus acts in impulsive desperation and casts the last unforgivable that he's never used outside his initial training with Bella when he was sixteen.

 

"Imperio."

 

Lucius goes still instantly, his eyes glaze over, and Regulus prays that he's not strong enough to break the spell.

 

"Do you know where one of Voldemort's horcruxes is?"

 

"The what?"

 

"Did Voldemort give you anything to look after?"

 

"Yes."

 

"Where is it?"

 

"Locked behind wards in my study."

 

"Can you take me there and give it to me?"

 

"Yes, but I'd be lucky to survive if the Dark Lord found out."

 

"Not my problem," Regulus replies. "Now, take me there."

 

Lucius grabs Regulus' arm and disapparates, and then they're in the main foyer of Malfoy Manor, which is every bit as dramatic and extravagant as it's always been.

 

"How can Dobby serve Great Master Lucius today?" a house elf asks, looking subserviently at the ground.

 

"Tell all of the house elves to ignore all happenings in the manor this afternoon and to never repeat what has transpired today to anyone," Regulus orders, sighing relievedly when Lucius repeats the order, and the house elves nod dutifully.

 

“Good”, Regulus says. "Now, take me to your study."

 

Lucius does.

 

 

Regulus has never been in this room before, but it has the exact same vibe as his father's. It's evident that no honest work is completed here, and the elegant, comfortable chair of the Lord of the Manor is faced by two hard and uncomfortable wooden chairs that make Regulus feel six years old again, going into his father's study to receive his punishment.

 

This time though, he's the one with the power, and Lucius Malfoy is just standing uselessly next to the desk and staring listlessly into the distance as he waits for his following command.

 

"Retrieve whatever Voldemort gave you", Regulus orders, and Lucius walks over towards a bookshelf, removes a specific book which makes it swing open, and then he starts deconstructing the wards. It seems easy, but Regulus can see how Lucius is working slower and slower because he's actively trying to fight the curse. He knows the punishment waiting for him if Regulus gets the diary and the Dark Lord finds out.

 

Regulus has been watching him dismantle the wards for almost 25 minutes when all of a sudden, Lucius shudders as though he's been dipped in a bucket of ice water and then his wand swings around from where it was pointed at the bookshelf towards Regulus.

 

Lucius tries an expelliarmus which Regulus deflects, a stupefy, which he dodges, and then it turns onto a full-on duel in the study.

 

Once again, Regulus wishes that, for once in his life, something could just be easy and straightforward for him.

 

Because this duel isn't.

 

He's not losing, but he's not winning with his usual clear margin, either. As much as he hates to compliment someone as pretentious and egotistic as Malfoy, he did get where he is partly due to his competence, and it's evident here as Regulus tries to duel him.

 

It's an even fight. For every spell that Regulus casts, Lucius sends one back, and for every deflection or retaliation, they match each other.

 

They're both bleeding a little and will undoubtedly have some bruises tomorrow. Still, there's nothing life-threatening, and Regulus is waiting for Lucius to slip up and lower his guard for a moment, when Lucius finds an alternative way to finish the duel.

 

He reaches down towards his arm and goes to press his wand to his dark mark and call Voldemort, who would love to know who is trying to get his horcrux. Regulus would have to have a miracle to get out of that interaction alive, but Regulus Black doesn't get miracles; no, he'd just get a long, painful and meaningless death. So, before Lucius can touch his wand to his wrist, Regulus releases the first spell he can think of, which ends up being a mild dose of fiendfyre.

 

Regulus smells burnt flesh instantly, and in his slight panic and fear at Voldemort coming to the room within seconds, it takes him longer than expected to cancel the spell. Lucius is still alive, just incredibly disorientated, so it's easy for Regulus to figure out how to best him.

 

Lucius is weak because he has no emotions and thinks he's better than everyone else. He's not, and that's what leads to his downfall.

 

Regulus is weak because he has emotions and knows he's better than everyone else. He is, and that's why he wins.

 

He wins the duel, knocks Lucius out with a simple stupefy, stupefies him again for good measure, and then tries to dismantle the wards on his own.

 

They're already halfway complete, and Regulus is relieved to see that the alarm and notification ward layers have been removed. So, no matter how badly everything goes, neither Voldemort nor anyone else will be coming to the study.

 

Many of them are the same as Regulus regularly sets up around his tent, so those go quickly. Then, there are a lot of similar ones that go quickly too. 

 

Regulus must only have a few layers left when what seems to be the final defensive spells all fire out at once. He recognises the bright yellow colour of the flesh-rotting curse, which means that Voldemort must have set some of these himself, and he can't help himself as he dodges out of its path directly into a jet of midnight blue light that gives him whiplash in his neck and makes his head spin and his temple throb.

 

A concussion spell,  he thinks fuzzily, reaching into his mokeskin pouch and pulling out a pain potion and a headache reliever. They don't cure anything, but they at least remove where he was seeing double and leave the throbbing in his skull more like a dull headache rather than a migraine.

 

Regulus distantly wonders if any more defensive spells are left, but the detection spell comes back clear. When he looks inside the cubby that the wards were surrounding, though, he is unbelievably underwhelmed by what he sees.

 

It's a standard Hogwarts-issue diary.

 

If this is a fucking prank, I'm going to murder you, Lucius,  Regulus thinks furiously at his limp form on the office chair, but as he reaches towards the book, recognises the magical signature and flips it over, he feels like he's flying.

 

Printed on the back in gold lettering is T M RIDDLE.

 

Regulus thinks his guess after the ring about his next horcrux being his baby blanket wasn't too far off, because, his school journal? It's a bit sad, honestly, and Regulus can't help himself as he flicks it open and tries to find out if Tom Riddle was the teenager who wrote about his crushes and Hogwarts gossip or if he dutifully wrote out the homework he had for each class.

 

As it turns out, he was neither because the diary is empty, so Regulus figures that Tom Riddle was a prodigal sentimental child with literally the blandest personality of anyone he's ever met.

 

Regulus wonders if 11 year old Tom Riddle was actually a loser until he found a way to make friends that didn't need his beige personality and became a psychopathic narcissist, forging allies through fear and pain.

 

He almost wishes that Voldemort had come to the study tonight just so he could ask him in person, even though Voldemort's answer would be one of two unforgivables.

 

After that, Regulus gets a hold of himself and recognises the ridiculous direction his thoughts are taking. He has to get this over with before his potions lose effectiveness and his concussion incapacitates him entirely.

 

He casts twelve basic wards on the cubbyhole, all of which he had found when he was dismantling them and none of which he uses on his tent. He quickly rennervates and oblivates Lucius, planting the idea in his mind to go and free Narcissa from the cupboard she's been in for the past three and a half hours. Then, he restores the room and disapparates near Snowdonia in Northern Wales, where he nearly throws up as the pain of his concussion flares up at once.

 

He still dutifully sets up his tent and casts his wards until his eyes are watering from the pain and he's slurring the incantations, then checks that the diary is still with him, places it next to his bed, and immediately falls asleep. 

 

When he wakes up the following day, his concussion is mainly recovered, but his head is still foggy from a mixture of head injury, exhaustion and malnutrition. This combination is what makes the horcrux next to his bed seem especially tempting today.

 

He's never properly studied one before; he usually just locks them up immediately since he knows what such dark magic can do. However, in his foggy addled mind, he can't help himself as the horcrux so close to his head seems to whisper to him, to pour a bit of his magic into the page for a reward, and Regulus dutifully gives it.

 

Handwriting obviously belonging to the lower-middle class appears across the page:

 

My name is Tom Riddle.

 

And Regulus can't help himself as, almost like a compulsion, he staggers up from his bed, grabs a quill and ink and then writes across the page. He knows he has to do this and doesn't think he could stop himself even if he wanted to, as he puts his quill to the page and replies to the message:

 

My name is Regulus Black.

 
Notes:

    Had I even planned to write this cliffhanger when I was writing the chapter? No.

    Is it here anyways? Absolutely.

     

    My favourite part is Narcissa and Lucius' dialogue and then Regulus just absolutely roasting the shit out of Tom Riddle and his beige personality.

    Hope you enjoyed!!!

Chapter 19: Chapter 18: December 1980 - March 1981
Summary:

    The truth will always find its way free

Notes:

    Okay so it seems like a lifetime ago that I posted the last chapter even though I think it was only Tuesday, but regardless, sorry for the wait. This chapter is roughly the length of the past 3 combined, so at least I'm making up for it!!!

    I hope you like the chapter, the only angst in it is resolved instantly which is very out of character for me, so I would almost call this one of the fluffiest chapters in the fic so enjoy the break from the *drama*

    Hoping to have the next chapter up by Wednesday, should definitely be by Friday, and then after that it'll be chapter 20 which OH MY GOD, thats all xxx

    Hope you enjoy xx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

December 1980 – March 1981

 

It's been three days since Regulus told James to leave him alone and ruined their could-have-been relationship spectacularly.

 

Yes, Regulus knows that he was the one who quite literally told James to "fuck off out of my life", but he hadn't realised that he'd grown almost fond of James' constant attempts to talk to him and not give up on him and make him happy until they had gone.

 

And they have.

 

Everything revolving around James except for Regulus' feelings for him have completely disappeared, and Regulus realises this when he wakes up one morning and can't help himself from sardonically muttering, "merry fucking Christmas."

 

He doesn't know what the plans for today are, purely because he's been snapping at Sirius whenever he tries to tell him, who has gotten the brunt of Regulus' hurt/frustration/anger at the entire James Potter situation, and because Evan and Barty both don't know anything and Regulus wonders if Sirius is trying to leave them out on purpose.

 

He bets James would make sure he invited them, though, and a sharp pain twists through his gut as he wonders whether James would still invite him too.

 

He hopes so, but he doubts it. He's spent the past four Christmases alone and isn't expecting much from this one either.

 

No, that's a lie. He's expecting Sirius to come barging in whenever he likes, probably with a present and constant pestering to come downstairs and do whatever festive traditions he did with the Potters and his new family that he never once invited Regulus to join in on.

 

Evan and Barty will also come and harass him at some point, as they do every day, and will stay as long as they want, regardless of whether Regulus wants them to or not.

 

And James won't, and Regulus will be back to being alone.

 

Again.

 

It's only just gone 6am when Regulus hears excited voices coming from down the hall. There are doors slamming, voices squealing, and the sounds of paper being unwrapped, so Regulus slams his pillow over his head, curls up into a ball and pretends he's not lonely.

 

Not long after that, though, a distinctive knock at the door sounds, and Regulus doesn't even have time to mutter a quiet "come in" before Sirius bounds into the room and jumps on the end of the bed screaming, "Merry Christmas, Reggie!!!"

 

Regulus winces at the assault to his eardrums and says blandly, "oh, is it Christmas? I had no idea."

 

Sirius manages to look giddily excited and unimpressed at the same time as he scarpers forwards and says, "you little shit, you're one of the smartest people I know. I know you can keep track of what day it is." Regulus rolls his eyes and tries to hide the small smile that makes its way onto his face at the compliment.

 

"I knew you could smile, Reggie; the Christmas spirit is doing wonders for you already. Now give your favourite brother a hug."

 

"Fuck off, go hug your boyfriend", Regulus replies, already trying to squirm away, which only intensifies as Sirius wraps his arms around him and says, "oh, we did a lot more than hug to embrace the festivities, but I'm sure you don't want to know –"

 

"No, I fucking don't want to know, so you can shut up and leave –"

 

"I've got a present for you, you prissy princess. Do you want it or not?"

 

Regulus is tempted to say no just to spite him, but as he looks up at Sirius' earnest and excited but slightly anxious face, he's hit with a sudden wave of gratefulness that his brother is here, with him, on Christmas day. He's at the end of Regulus' bed, nervous about his Christmas present that Regulus kind of expected in the first place because it's Sirius, but is still pleased to receive nonetheless, and although he'd never admit it, it feels like the same Christmas wish he's had for the past four years has finally come true.

 

"Reggie?" Sirius hesitantly asks, making Regulus realise that he's been quiet and staring for too long. "Are you alright? You don't need to take the present if you don't want to –"

 

Regulus tries not to and fails, and can't help himself as he rolls his eyes at Sirius' intrinsic Gryffindorness.

 

"Give me the god damn present."

 

"I don't want to give it to you if you don't want it."

 

"How would I even know if I want it or not if I don't know what it is?" and that seems to stump Sirius, who glares at Regulus suspiciously before he reaches behind his back and pulls out what looks to be a wrapped book that he hands over nervously.

 

"If you don't like it, I don't mind, but I thought you might, you know, like it", he rambles out, twisting his hands, and Regulus delicately peels off the wrapping of a posh leatherbound notebook. It has an emerald green cover and a small silver embossed R.A.B on the inside front cover, and the rear back cover is printed, and as Regulus flicks through the pages, he sees that it's got high-quality parchment with spellwork threaded through so that with a tap of the wand, each page can either be lined or blank.

 

It's genuinely beautiful, and Regulus is busy admiring it and figuring out which of his poem ideas he'll start to write down first when Sirius speaks again.

 

"I saw that your journal on your desk seemed full when you left me in your room last week, and I thought that, you know, you could do with a new one, but if you don't like it, I'll return it and –"

 

"Sirius, I didn't ask for a headache for Christmas", Regulus interrupts sharply before he sighs and continues with a softer, "it's nice."

 

"Yeah?" Sirius replies, his whole face lighting up even though Regulus can tell he's trying to suppress it. "I was tempted to get it in red and gold just to annoy you, but I figured you'd like green and silver better", and Regulus can't help but feel touched that his brother willingly bought something representing Slytherin and their family and everything he's ever hated just because he knew it would make Regulus happy.

 

"Do you remember?" Regulus begins, cutting himself off and glancing at Sirius before he tries again. "Do you remember when I was seven, and I recited that poem about my rabbit?"

 

"Yes…?" Sirius replies slowly, unsure where this line of questioning is going. "It was a shit poem, to be honest, but I told you it was good anyways. Rabbit the rabbit had cheese for dinner, but his favourite food was chocolate, really wasn't close to Shakespeare –"

 

Regulus feels his cheeks flush slightly in a mixture of embarrassment and delight at the fact that Sirius still remembers the poem 12 years later and forces himself to keep talking and then move the conversation to another topic as quickly as possible.

 

"Yes, yes, the contents of that one are irrelevant, but do you remember how after that I told our parents –"

 

"Your parents."

 

"Shut the fuck up. I told our parents I wanted to be a writer, and they said I should remove the idea from my mind, but I never could, so I didn't."

 

Sirius still looks like he's trying to be supportive but has no idea what's going on, so Regulus huffs in frustration and says, "that's what's in the journal, okay? Poems and ideas and little writing pieces and just, writing stuff, you know? I never stopped, even though I never talked about it, and so, that's what I'll put in this notebook too."

 

"Ooh, you little rebel. Going against our parent's wishes as you write about your crushes in your little diary. Go on, do I know anyone in it? Did they go to Hogwarts?"

 

Regulus did actually write poems about Barty, but there is no chance he will ever admit that.

 

"No," he replies unconvincingly, and as Sirius scoffs and opens his mouth, Regulus cuts him off because he knows what he's going to ask.

 

"No, you can't read any, so don't bother asking, and if you try, I will murder you in your sleep", Regulus replies, fully serious, and is oddly affronted when Sirius just laughs?

 

"Nah, you won't," he says cheerfully. "I know you love me, Reggie."

 

"I do not", he bites out, but Sirius just laughs again.

 

"Sure you don't. Now we're going to the Potters at midday, and you obviously have an invitation, so I thought that I'd ask you privately so that you don't lose your shit –"

 

"No!" Regulus bursts out agitatedly. "I'm not going, and you can't make me!"

 

"And you're losing your shit", Sirius sighs at the ceiling before he looks at Regulus again. "Is this because you sent the patronus? Or because you and James had a fight? Because they won't mind, honestly, they asked you themselves –"

 

"I said no, now drop it", Regulus bites out again, an irrational fear blooming in him that if he goes to the house of Sirius' new family, they'll see just how dark and dangerous he is. Then, they'll decide that he doesn't belong, and he'll be on his own again, but Regulus is weak and selfish and isn't ready to lose his brother again just yet. "I said I'm not going", he repeats, quieter now, and Sirius frowns but doesn't push it even though Regulus can tell he wants to.

 

"I'll head off now then", he begins slowly, trying to figure out if Regulus is heading towards a breakdown or not, but when he deems him to be alright, he gets up and goes to walk out the door. "I'll be downstairs if you want me, so let me know if you change your mind."

 

He gets up to leave and is heading towards the door when Regulus utters a resigned "Sirius", which makes him pause and turn around slowly as Regulus reaches into his bedside table and throws an immaculately wrapped present at Sirius.

 

"I got you something too, don't make a big deal out of it."

 

"Oh, Reggie!" Sirius exclaims, dramatising his response excessively, rushing back over to sit on the bed and unwrap it, and then pausing in annoyance and confusion as he looks up at Regulus.

 

"It's my leather jacket. Are you the one who stole it and watched me search the house for three hours for it? I mean, thanks for returning it I suppose, but the point of giving a gift is that it's something I don't already have –"

 

"I will take it back if you don't stop talking –"

 

"It's my jacket, Reggie –"

 

"Shut up and let me explain!" and world of wonders, Sirius does, although he's squinting suspiciously at Regulus and wondering what exactly is going on.

 

"You wear this when you ride your motorbike, yes?" Regulus asks, which doesn't help Sirius' confusion, as he responds with, "how did you know I got a bike?"

 

"I knew you'd get one the moment I found out you'd inherit the house," Regulus replies impatiently. "But that's irrelevant. What is relevant is that you probably wear that leather monstrosity and maybe a pair of gloves, and you probably think that you're too cool for a helmet –"

 

"It would mess up my hair."

 

"– and so," Regulus says forcefully before he continues his next sentence almost hesitantly. "I wove protective charms through the fabric of the jacket so that if it detects you falling, no matter the height, it will protect you from any injuries. It will also notify Lupin of your location so that he can come and get you depending on what your health status is, and if you need immediate medical attention, you'll be portkeyed to St Mungo's", and then Regulus sort of trails off, wondering why he even decided to do it in the first place because Sirius is going to think it's stupid, safety isn't even cool, when a muffled choked sound comes from the end of the bed where Sirius is…

 

He's crying.

 

Of course.

 

"I really love you, Reggie", he chokes out, which warms Regulus even as he privately thinks that tears are entirely unnecessary for the simple act of gift-giving. 

 

"Yes, you've mentioned", is all he replies awkwardly. "Look, wait for me to get dressed, and then I'll show you how it works, okay?" and without waiting for a response, he goes into his wardrobe and can't help the small smile on his face at both the gift he received and how much Sirius liked the gift he gave.

 

When he comes out, Sirius is wearing the jacket, and he can obviously feel the leather softening and fabric strengthening spells woven in, because he's looking at all of the parts where it was wearing thin but not in a cool way, which have now disappeared.

 

"Reggie –" Sirius begins.

 

"Yes, yes, you found more spells, you love me, now let's go", Regulus interrupts as he goes out his door and then stands at the top of the stairs, gesturing impatiently for Sirius to do the same.

 

"When you say test it out, what do you mean?" Sirius asks slowly, "I didn't think you'd be caught dead on my bike, but you're welcome to come."

 

"I will not be caught dead on that muggle monstrosity", Regulus confirms firmly. "Now, close your eyes and trust me."

 

"What are you going to do…?"

 

"Trust me", Regulus repeats, and Sirius squints sceptically at him but does. Then before he can do anything, Regulus lifts both hands and shoves Sirius backwards down the stairs, his high-pitched shriek followed by an equally high-pitched "Reggie, you absolute bastard of a brother." 

 

A long pause, then, "Merry Christmas, Crouch. Shame I couldn't have the gift of no Slytherins this year but fucking shit, stop shoving me down staircases, you slimy fucking snakes!"

 

Regulus can't help but laugh and slowly walk downstairs, high-fiving Barty on the way down and then laughing harder at Sirius, who is still lying on the floor, unharmed but disorientated.

 

"Merry Christmas, Siri," he says sweetly, "I told you it'd work," then he goes to go into the kitchen when all of a sudden, he can't move, and when he looks up, he curses Gryffindors and their stupid Christmas traditions.

 

There's fucking mistletoe above him.

 

Barty isn't far behind him and looks delighted at the prospect of kissing Regulus to set him free. 

 

"Let me save my ex-lover from the mistletoe," he begins, yelping as Regulus shoves him away, casts fiendfyre on the mistletoe, which breaks the spell incredibly effectively, and shoves his way into the kitchen, no longer trapped by the mistletoe or by Barty whose voice follows him as he goes.

 

"You can kill our lord, but you just can't lose your pessimistic personality to find room for the festive spirit. "

 

 

The rest of the morning passes relatively uneventfully.

 

Regulus gets trapped under mistletoe three more times but burns his way free; Evan and Barty thank him for the gifts left on the end of their bed that Regulus denies are from him, and all of the Gryffindors go to the Potter's for Christmas lunch.

 

It's early evening when they finally come back, and they're all giggling and laughing and have genuinely enjoyed the day. Sirius and Remus go up to put everything away in their room, and James tries to go to the kitchen but gets stuck in the doorway, as Barty and Sirius teamed up in an unlikely duo to put mistletoe in literally every doorway of the house, and both kept replacing it every time Regulus took it down.

 

James is just amused at the prospect of needing to be kissed to be set free, which then turns into resignation as he realises that only the three Slytherins are downstairs. The first person he sees is Evan, who comes from the sitting room, smiles wickedly at him and then reenters the room.

 

Are they just going to leave me here all night until someone else comes back? James wonders indignantly when Barty comes out of the door glancing towards Evan in confusion until he sees James stuck under the mistletoe, and his entire face lights up in delight.

 

"I still hate you, but this is too good to pass up, so don't think I'm doing this for you," Barty says quietly, which doesn't help James in the slightest to figure out what's going on until he raises his voice to carry into the sitting room.

 

"Well, well, well, if it isn't Potter stuck under the mistletoe, I guess I'll have to kiss you free –"

 

What sounds like a glass being thrown at a wall and shattering on the floor, and then heavy familiar footsteps and then –

 

Oh.

 

And then Regulus' pissed off, murderous and unfathomably beautiful face comes out the door, glares at James, glares even harder at Barty and snarls out, "get the fuck away from him, Barty, or I'll go drag Evan under our own mistletoe."

 

Instead of being annoyed, Barty looks unbelievably smug as he says, "I can't help but notice that you compared Evan and me to you and Potter over here. What do you think the connotations of that are?"

 

"Barty, I swear to Merlin, if you don't stop talking –"

 

"Right, right, one of us has to set Potter free, and I can't do that if I'm talking –"his sentence is cut off with a yelp as a powerful stinging hex hits the side of his face, but he laughs the entire way back to the lounge, and then Regulus can hear low murmuring before Evan's laughter joins his.

 

Regulus just wants to get rid of James, so he stomps over to the mistletoe, intending to set it on fire and go back to ignoring him, but he's a weak, weak man, and he's even weaker for James Potter. So next thing he knows, they're propped against the doorway and snogging like it's all they have left for themselves.

 

Maybe it is.

 

Neither are coming apart for air, and Regulus is becoming blissfully lightheaded, but at the same time, it feels like he's breathing for the first time since their fight.

 

He doesn't want to stop and doesn't think he could even if he wanted to, but as stupid fucking James Potter eventually pushes him away with a soft "Regulus", he comes back to himself and realises what he's done.

 

"Shit, shit, we shouldn't have done this", Regulus rushes out. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have, just forget it", and since he doesn't look back as he goes, he doesn't see James' forlorn face watch him disappear, nor the elated smile that spreads across as he stares at the mistletoe and laughs breathlessly. 

 

James replays the kiss over and over in his mind until he realises that he can't go the rest of his life without another one, so he does the only logical thing and goes to find Regulus.

 

He's already giddy over the kiss, and this emotion only grows as the wards to Regulus' room still let him in the door.

 

Regulus looks the same as he always does when James enters his room, annoyed with himself that he can enter at all, but there's another level of sullenness in his scowl today that James is sure is about the kiss.

 

He's so petulant and sulky and beautiful that it hurts.

 

"Hey", James says casually, like he didn't just snog the life out of him for the past twenty minutes.

 

"Why are you here, James?" Regulus replies tiredly. He still hates him and wants him to suffer the same way Regulus is suffering, but it's becoming harder and harder to keep his distance when James is in the doorway, just looking like he does. 

 

Messy hair, dopey smile and wrinkled clothes all encompassed into absolute perfection.

 

"I just wanted to say merry Christmas –"

 

"You already did."

 

"Well, maybe I wanted to say it again! So Merry Christmas, Regulus. I hope you had a great day, and my parents also hope you're doing well, and mum said to pass on a kiss and hug, but I told her that you probably wouldn't want one."

 

"I do hope the kiss you gave me downstairs wasn't from your mother", Regulus mutters wryly, which makes James laugh delightedly.

 

"That was all me", he says, "I wouldn't want anyone else to have that." James looks half proud that he got the words out and half worried that Regulus will have another fit over it.

 

Instead, Regulus glares at James some more and then, in a seemingly non-sequitur, says, "are you going to be duelling or fighting again?"

 

"Um," he replies inelegantly. "Against you? Or against, like, Death Eaters?"

 

"I wouldn't bother duelling you because it would be an exercise in futility", Regulus replies snarkily. "Against other Death Eaters or light members or literally anyone else. Will you be duelling, fighting, or even having the potential to do so?"

 

"I suppose so", James answers slowly, still unsure what's going on, this emotion only growing as Regulus bursts out frustratedly, "oh, for fucks sake, of course you are. Now stay there and wait." Then he whirls around into his wardrobe, muttering under his breath and leaving James to slowly shut the door beside him and sit on the desk chair.

 

He doesn't have to wait long until Regulus brings something towards James, grabs his hand and places the object in it.

 

"It's not wrapped, which means it's not a Christmas present", Regulus says warningly, hoping James doesn't do anything stupid like, 

 

Like that.

 

Grinning like Regulus has just plucked a star from the sky and given it to James to cradle in his arms.

 

"A new wand holder, it's lovely –"

 

"It is not just a wand holder", Regulus hisses out, deeply offended by James' comment and annoyed at himself for giving it to him in the first place.

 

"When you fight, it's sloppy, and the intensity of the spells you use doesn't compensate for that because the worst you'd ever use is expelliarmus, maybe stupefy if you were feeling particularly mean that day, and it makes you an easy target. This holster is layered with magic that will protect not only your wand if it's not in use but also a 1-metre bubble around you, so anybody in your immediate vicinity will be protected by proxy. Unforgivables will still get through, and a lot of dark curses will too, but I've put in all of the ones that I know that can have pre-programmed counter curses, and those that can't, I'll teach you and Sirius in the future."

 

Then, like with Sirius' jacket, he trails off and awkwardly waits for James' response, which ends up being a shaky "how do you know what my strengths and weaknesses are so well if you only came to one raid before you died?"

 

"Well, obviously I had to find Death Eaters to interrogate from somewhere", Regulus replies flippantly, fully avoiding James' actual question, hoping that he moves on and doesn't bring it up again.

 

Naturally, he's disappointed.

 

"How many times did you save my life? You said before that you had, but how many times?" James asks, his questioning only getting more forceful as Regulus remains silent. "Regulus, answer the question, how many times –"

 

"Seven", he replies, as though he's confessing a sin. "Five directly and two indirectly."

 

"And Sirius?" James asks, wondering if it's the same answer.

 

"Never as many times as he saved me," Regulus replies distantly, leaving James frowning, unaware that the topic of conversation had switched from physical to emotional.

 

"Regulus…?"

 

"No, Christmas is over. I'm sure the others are waiting for you, so you can go away now," Regulus says suddenly, moving closer to James and literally herding him from the chair and towards the door. "Good, leave, don't come back –"

 

"Regulus."

 

"Out, go, don't come back –"

 

"Regulus!" James shouts, which makes him still, although he also narrows his eyes as James reaches into his pocket and pulls out a wrapped book. "Merry Christmas, I'll leave you alone now", and then he drops the book in Regulus' hand and closes the door behind him, proud of himself for respecting his boundaries, not being cursed, and receiving a present from Regulus that can only be described as made with love.

 

Because he's saved James' life seven times, his parents at least once, and Sirius apparently countless times, and James doesn't know if he ever had someone to help him do it. He twirls the wand holster around his hands, and as he feels the familiar pulse of magic, his eyes flicker involuntarily towards the closed door across the hallway.

 

Yeah, he thinks contentedly. I'm in love.

 

 

The next three weeks pass in the same pattern of Regulus wanting to see James but refusing to be weak, James wanting to see Regulus but trying to respect his need for personal space, and then Regulus manifesting this into the fact that James hates him and doesn't want anything to do with him.

 

It's a toxic and dangerous spiral entirely due to miscommunication that Regulus refuses to resolve. However, in late January, Regulus goes to bed and wakes up in the middle of the night, utterly distraught.

 

He'd been dreaming of the Death Eater raid where Dolohov had hit James with Regulus' blood-boiling curse, but instead of giving him the counter curse, everything that he'd tried had only made it worse.

 

James' entrails were expelled.

 

Then his arm got chopped off.

 

Then his flesh started decomposing as Regulus sobbed over his dying body, trying to save him and James choked out broken pleas for help that he could never fulfil until Regulus gasped awake, still unable to breathe and still smelling rotten flesh and blood.

 

He can't help himself as he throws a shirt on and creeps down the hallway towards James' room. He has to make sure that he's okay, that he's not dying, and he's not dead, and he's not another name on Regulus' long, long list of deaths that he's responsible for.

 

He's still crying slightly, but he's too worked up to care, and as he cracks open James' bedroom door and sees his body splayed across the bed, unmoving, he rushes forwards towards him. He can't help himself as he casts a cutting hex over James' wrist, watching the steady rivet of blood drip down his arm, and Regulus can't help but cry harder in relief, knowing he's alive and that he hasn't killed him.

 

"James", he chokes out, and that broken sentence, along with the stinging in his wrist, makes James jolt awake, wriggling in alarm before turning on his bedside lamp and freezing as he takes in Regulus' distressed frame on the edge of the bed, holding his hand.

 

It's entirely unexpected and quite alarming, to be honest, that Regulus was in such a state as to not only need help but to also seek it out from James, of all people, who he's been avoiding ever since Christmas. Regardless, James has always been a give comfort first, ask questions later sort of person, and this instance is no different as he murmurs a soft "hey, Regulus, come here" and tugs him towards him.

 

Regulus goes bonelessly, sinking into James' arms, who tucks the covers around them, and then just cries quietly into his chest, one ear resting above his heart where it continues to beat and soothe him as he enjoys the feeling of James' hands running through his hair and down his back.

 

"It's okay, you're okay, whatever happened, it'll be okay. I promise it'll all work out, I won't break this one, you're okay, I promise you're okay," James keeps murmuring, and Regulus eventually focusses on the words for long enough to hear what he's saying and realise that James thinks Regulus is the one who is having the problem here.

 

"It's my fault you nearly died," he whispers, confessing more yet sins and feeling every bit undeserving of the care and attention James is giving him.

 

"Regulus," James says tightly, evidently feeling slightly unequipped to deal with the entire situation, "I promise I'm alright" and Regulus focuses on matching his breathing to the beating of James' heart and realises that they all made it out of the war alive and that they're okay.

 

They're all okay.

 

Regulus eventually stops crying enough to take in his surroundings, which is a much more regrettable decision with a clear head. He tries to scramble up with a frantic "sorry, I shouldn't have come here. I'll go now," but only manages to get himself tangled between James' body and the duvet cover that he fussily grabs at, his frustration mounting as he feels himself tipping towards another breakdown.

 

Don't do it, he tries to tell his mind. Don't you dare cry again.

 

"Stay here, Regulus", James says softly, caringly, so wholesome that he freezes and looks through the poorly lit room into James' eyes. "You don't have to, but you're welcome to stay," and the thought of staying here and feeling safe and not dreaming about losing his boyfri– about losing James is too tempting to pass up. Regulus blames it on the breakdown and the exhaustion and the fact that it's still fucking winter that he croaks out a hoarse "okay" and lets James pull him off his body onto the mattress, leaving an arm over his waist and the other still running through his hair, calming him down and allowing him to drift off to sleep.

 

 

James doesn't sleep much that night.

 

He drifts off for sure, but never for more than 20-30 minutes.

 

He spends all his time watching Regulus sleep under the dim glow of the moon outside, which illuminates his dark hair and porcelain skin like an angel.

 

It fits him perfectly.

 

He looks softer, younger, and less traumatised when he's asleep, which is only amplified by his swollen eyes and blotchy cheeks, and James tries to make out where the entire breakdown came from.

 

It seemed like he had been upset about James? And was worried about him? But he'd still sent a cutting hex at him hard enough to make him bleed? So maybe he was annoyed at James for giving him the nightmare in the first place?

 

He really doesn't know but plans to find out when Regulus wakes up. As the night stretches on, he runs his eyes over every detail of his face, how many crinkles he has on each eye, how his hand would fit into James and which ring he wears on each finger, just in case this is both the first and last time they sleep together.

 

As the sun slowly rises and lights up the room, Regulus wakes too.

 

His eyes flutter open and then squeeze shut as he scowls, presumably at the sun, and then rolls away from it right into James' body, making his eyes shoot open, widen in panic, and squeeze shut in resignation.

 

"Good morning," James says, trying to figure out exactly what Regulus' mood is.

 

"Name one thing good about this god-awful morning", Regulus replies, his words muffled by the pillow which, ah. He's embarrassed about having emotions again. 

 

James decides that now isn't the right time to tell him that he finds it rather cute.

 

Instead, he tries to balance out Regulus' unwavering pessimism with his constant optimism and says, "well, we're both alive."

 

Regulus squints one eye out of the pillow towards James and repeats, "I said name one good thing. Try again."

 

"No, we're going back to that", James says firmly before slowly bringing up what he's been rehearsing in his head all night. "Do you remember what your dream was about last night?"

 

"Yes, I do", Regulus sighs. "Yes, I know what it was about. Yes, I know I had a mental breakdown over it. No, I don't want to talk about it. What's your next question?"

 

"Was it a nightmare?" James begins, and Regulus instantly talks over him, snapping, "well, it didn't look like I was enjoying myself, did it?"

 

"That's not what I meant", James replies hurriedly before he winces and then asks his question. "I was meaning if it was entirely a dream or if parts of it were memories?"

 

Regulus freezes, and he knows James can feel it.

 

"Are you asking if I've tortured you before? Shot spells at you? How many times I've stood over your body and watched you decompose?" he asks scathingly, even as he feels himself getting tenser and tenser and –

 

"No. I'm asking if it was you in the battle who –"

 

"Yes and no follow-up questions. I don't want you to go around thinking I'm a good person because I'm not, okay? I've killed people, I've tortured people, and if you weren't who you were, then I would've left you to die, so realise that I'm not a hero, I'm not an idol, and I was never put on this earth to be loved, okay? So just save it all for Evans and that stupid fucking baby."

 

"That stupid baby is going to be my son", James says firmly, sighing as he looks him in the eye. "I like you, Regulus. I like you and not Lily. I used to like her, but I don't anymore because I like you, and yes, I'm going to help her raise our baby, but we are going to do it from two different houses with our own separate partners because I don't love her like that anymore. So give me one good reason why I'm here with you now if it's her I want to be with."

 

"Because you have a hero complex, because you feel sorry for me, because you pity me, because I'm Sirius' little brother who you somehow feel obliged to protect, because you're keeping me around as a second choice should Evans actually move on from you –"

 

James is increasingly horrified as Regulus goes on, in a resigned, but fully accepting manner, as he lists all the ways he's not good enough for James. Still, vulnerability goes two ways, so he interrupts Regulus and tries to get him to realise that James doesn't see their relationship as a joke.

 

"Did you know I'm jealous of Barty and probably will be for the rest of my life?" James asks casually, making Regulus stop talking and look at him with an awful lot of judgement.

 

"What on Earth could Barty have that you could ever want for yourself?" Regulus asks disbelievingly, yes, Barty is his best friend, but he's still Barty.

 

"Well", James says bravely, "he used to have you. And so a part of me will always be worried that you'll think that I'm not good enough for him or that he'll want to take you back and you'll go willingly, or that you'll always compare me to him and realise that I don't equate –"

 

"James, stop that," Regulus says, blinking incredulously. "If I wanted to date Barty, I'd date him. I wouldn't be doing this with you if I still wanted him. Plus, he wants Evan even though he doesn't know it yet, so even if I did want him back, he wouldn't take me back in the first place."

 

"Exactly", James replies smugly. "If I wanted Lily, then I'd date her and not you, except she wants Mary, so it's not going to happen. I'm so glad we're on the same page now –"

 

"Did you just guilt trip me into confessing my feelings for you?" Regulus asks disbelievingly at the sheer nerve of Gryffindors, rolling his eyes as James laughs and then closing them softly as James kisses him.

 

"So you do like me", James says, pleased, and Regulus can feel him smile through their next kiss.

 

Most annoyingly, James keeps asking him questions and has an inhumane resolve to not allow Regulus to keep kissing him when he doesn't want to answer. Regulus has always been weak, but James Potter brings him down to a new level, and if James told him to stay in this bed and kiss him for the rest of his life, he'd do it without hesitation.

 

But no, like Sirius, James loves his heart to hearts, emotions, and stupid fucking questions.

 

"Kiss me."

 

"No, I want to know what your favourite colour is."

 

"I don't care. I want to kiss you.

 

"Well, mine is red, which sounds cliché, but it's not actually because I'm a Gryffindor –"

 

"I don't even want to kiss you anymore; I just want you to shut up."

 

"You're quite mean, do you know that?"

 

"Yes. That's a question; you asked, I answered. Now kiss me."

 

"Yeah, alright."

 

 

Regulus creeps back into James' bed the next night, and the next, and the next until three weeks have passed, and they're yet to spend a night alone. There's been a few close calls with Sirius bursting in or Evan and Barty going to look for Regulus, but on the whole, it's been amazing, and nothing has gone wrong.

 

Most nights, Regulus will still wake from nightmares, and he always apologises and tries to leave, and James always tells him he has nothing to be sorry for and holds him closer.

 

Every night before they go to sleep, he'll tell James something about himself which ranges from borderline irrelevant to deep-rooted in trauma, but it slowly but surely builds the trust between them and makes Regulus more and more sure that James is going to keep his promise to always be there for him.

 

"I don't like onions."

 

"My favourite season is autumn."

 

and

 

"I hate the chandelier in the foyer of this house."

 

Are all some of the lighter secrets Regulus has deemed James trustworthy enough to share with him. While many seem trivial, James beams every time because he knows that Regulus hides his entire personality behind his Regulus Black of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black mask, so any piece of information he can find out about his Regulus feels like a monumental achievement.

 

The sun has set, and James is eagerly waiting in his bed for whatever Regulus will give him tonight, but as the clock goes from 10 o'clock, to 11, to midnight, James wonders if he's still coming.

 

A relationship works two ways, he reminds himself. So for the first time, he gets up and creeps across the hall into Regulus' room to sleep, wondering if he got tired and fell asleep or if he's catastrophising their relationship again. Instead, Regulus is in his bed, still in the same clothes he wore today, staring blankly at the ceiling.

 

"Hi", James says breathlessly, the excitement of seeing Regulus and staying with him still as exciting on the twenty-second night as it was on the first, but his excitement fades into concern as Regulus doesn't reply, but merely glances at his pot plant which James swears has grown three new flowers since this morning.

 

James hesitantly comes closer, trying to figure out if he's welcome to stay or not, when Regulus folds back the duvet slightly in invitation, so James eagerly clambers in.

 

"Hi", he says again, but Regulus still doesn't reply, just shoving his way into James' personal space, getting comfortable and then relaxing all of the muscles in his body at once as a cloud of contentment and safety washes over him.

 

"How was your day?" James asks, never knowing if he will get a snarky reply or an honest answer, but Regulus isn't just honest today. No, he seems to be baring himself open, handing James pieces of himself and hoping he finds a way to fit them back to him. Regulus doesn't answer James' question directly, but he tells him something James always wants to know, that he's not okay.

 

And he's clearly not okay today as he says quietly, "sometimes I wish I'd never won the war."

 

Regulus has never brought up the war with James before. It's come up in conversation from time to time, and he knows that he and Sirius have discussed parts of it, but it's never been as raw and open as this.

 

"Why?" he asks carefully, enjoying how Regulus runs his hand up and down James' torso and then feels Regulus' sharp exhale into the neck.

 

"There's a lot that I don't want to deal with, but I don't have a choice. If I'd died or hadn't fought, I wouldn't have to deal with this," he says matter-of-factly, but James impulsively tightens his grip around Regulus, terrified at the thought of losing him.

 

"Such as…?"

 

"Trauma, murder, loneliness, torture, pain, depression, grief, fear, more pain, more trauma, more loneliness, need I go on?" he replies bitchily, which relieves James that he's not tracking towards a breakdown as much as it concerns him that Regulus is making light of his experiences.

 

"Alright, alright, you could've just said you didn't want to talk about it -"

 

"I'm literally talking; what more do you want from me?" Regulus replies rhetorically, but as James replies so damn earnestly, saying, "whatever you'll give me", Regulus gives up all pretences of talking and rolls over, kissing him deeply until they're too tired to continue.

 

They have a nice routine going, and neither wants it to stop. It's not a relationship, but it's possibly the beginning of one. James is a gentleman who takes things slow, and Regulus is traumatised and irrational about a lot of things and is also taking the entire thing slower than he and Barty ever did, so the arrangement lasts through late January and all of February and into early March.

 

Spring is coming, and the days are beginning to get longer, but the time Regulus and James can go without seeing each other is only getting shorter, so Regulus has taken to allowing James to sit in the library with him as he continues his hallow research, on the condition that he's quiet. However, James literally never is and simply pretends to read as he watches Regulus, and as much as Regulus tells him off, he never tells him to leave.

 

Regulus is scared that it's because he's falling in love.

 

The book James gave him for Christmas turned out to be a compilation of notes written by Potter members over the generations that describe all of the Deathly Hallows. For most of them, it was just information to pass down through the ages, a much less intense version of Regulus' research project, and apparently, they have done this for an extensive repertoire of subjects.

 

The book of notes is at least 150 pages long, and Regulus has been flicking through it eagerly in his spare time, which has become much more sparse since he let James back into his life again.

 

He's learnt that the resurrection stone works by turning it over 3 times in your palm, and then it will show you the spirits of those amongst the dead whose death a person regrets. He's learnt that regardless of the spell cast, the elder wand literally cannot be beaten unless the person is disarmed or killed, and that the invisibility cloak is the one hallow that hasn't been lost over time, which seems like rubbish since Regulus hasn't seen a trace of it anywhere.

 

Today, he's nearly three-quarters through the book, and this page has notes on the resurrection stone.

 

As R.Potter (1217) stated, the resurrection stone can be activated by turning it over in the palm three times. The stone is clearly identifiable by its charcoal colour, with red streaks flowing through it.

 

"James", Regulus says urgently, "James!" 

 

James' head snaps up in alarm at the sheer intensity of Regulus' voice. "What? Are you alright? Or have you discovered something –"

 

"Would you swear on your life that everything in this book is true? This isn't a joke, right?"

 

And James doesn't know what's going on, but he hastens to reassure Regulus with a "no, I promise, why?" which oddly makes Regulus burst into incredulous, breathless laughter.

 

"James, I think I've had a hallow for the past two and a half years."

 

 

James insists on getting Sirius and Remus for the explanation and consequent demonstration, and Evan and Barty hear the commotion and come along too, interested despite themselves.

 

"What have you dragged me and Moony out of bed for? We were having a lovely –"

 

"Sirius shut the fuck up. No one asked you here in the first place."

 

"James asked me."

 

"No one asked him to be here either."

 

"Such lies, Regulus", James replies, beaming, making Sirius look confused between the two.

 

"Well then, what do you want to show us?" Barty demands, as impatient as he was back at school, and Regulus reaches into his mokeskin pouch around his neck and brings out the stupid rock he'd put there after getting the ring, but what he thinks was actually the resurrection stone all along.

 

"I think this might be one of the Deathly Hallows", Regulus announces, holding his palm flat to show everyone. "Have you heard of the resurrection stone?"

 

Remus and Evan look cynical, Barty and Sirius look intrigued, and James looks incredibly lost but so, so supportive.

 

"Have you been rereading children's stories?" Evan asks dryly, as Sirius keeps up a chant of "really, can I see, can I see, can I try it out?"

 

"I think it's faulty", Regulus replies, as his hand holds it tighter. "I got this years ago, and I definitely turned it over heaps of times trying to figure out what it was, but I thought it was just a rock."

 

"Why would you keep a rock?" Remus asks confusedly, wondering if it's a weird pureblood thing he's never heard of. However, Regulus' reply is nothing that he would have ever considered.

 

"Oh, I stole it from Voldemort, and didn't think he was a sentimental sort of person, so I just kept it around", he replies casually, like nothing is amiss, but everybody is clamouring over one another to respond to that.

 

"What do you mean you stole it from Voldemort?"

 

"Come again?"

 

"Of course you did."

 

"Regulus!"

 

Then, "let one of us try it out and see if you're taking the piss."

 

"Well, it's not going to be you, Sirius. I don't want more Gryffindors in my house."

 

"It's my house, actually."

 

"Oh, for fucks sake, if it didn't work for me years ago, then I don't know why it would have suddenly regained its magical powers if it has existed for millenniums."

 

"I'll go first if you're scared", James says, smiling sweetly, which makes Regulus scowl and say, "I'm not scared; I'll prove to you that it's broken," and then he picks it up, rolls it three times in his palm and –

 

All of the blood drains out of his face.

 

"Regulus?"

 

"Regulus!"

 

Someone is shaking his shoulder, but he can't feel it. Someone is trying to check if he's still breathing, but he's not.

 

"What's going on? What's happening? Regulus?"

 

Regulus makes no noise that he's heard them. He's just fixed on the two figures in front of him that only he can see, his fingers becoming gradually slacker and slacker on the stone in his hand until a dreadfully hoarse and broken sound comes out of his mouth.

 

"Maman, papa."

 

 

Nobody can see who are assumably the reincarnations of Regulus' parents, nor what they are saying back, but they can hear Regulus' reply that gets increasingly desperate and more and more afraid.

 

It's not as bad as the breakdown Sirius helped through, but otherwise, none of the others have ever seen him this emotionally distressed. The fact that he hasn't told them to leave or left himself only proves how out of touch with reality he is now, and nothing they say or do is bringing him back.

 

"I'm sorry", Regulus keeps repeating, his reply becoming more and more frantic as the conversation continues.

 

"I know, I know, and I'm sorry, but I had to do it. I had to do it," which makes everyone assume that he's talking about his traitorous behaviour until he continues, "it was the only way I could make you stop."

 

Barty and Evan look a mixture of proud and alarmed, Sirius seems terrified, and Remus and James look ridiculously confused as Regulus keeps talking, or rather pleading.

 

"You have to believe me, I did mean it when I said I loved you, but I love him more. I couldn't come back, and I couldn't watch you bring him back; I couldn't watch him die."

 

Everyone is looking at Sirius now; they all read newspaper articles during the war, and the other marauders know intimately just how desperately the House of Black tried to reinstate Sirius as the heir until a mysterious attack left them dead.

 

They never found the killer, but they think they may have found him now.

 

"I had to do it. I had to do it for him, but please believe me when I say I love you; I never wanted you to die."

 

Then, "I know, I know, but I never wanted to have to be the one to do it", and whatever their reply is makes Regulus lose his battles with his emotions as he drops the stone and folds forwards, having yet another breakdown, and he only vaguely hears Sirius' voice as he ushers everyone out of the room and then wraps Regulus in a hug and just lets him cry.

 

He's mindlessly holding Regulus in his arms and stroking his back and whispering platitudes as he reminds him to breathe, but inside, his mind is racing.

 

Rather selfishly, the key takeaway from Regulus' entire monologue with his parents and resultant breakdown is that he said he loved Sirius. Like he said the words out loud, and while they weren't for him, he was still close enough to hear what he's gone almost a whole decade without, his little brother saying that he loves him.

 

And it's not like Sirius can try to deny it now. Regulus apparently killed his parents for him for whatever reason he saw fit. While Sirius didn't grieve for his parents, he's sure that Regulus did if this is still his reaction to it all over 2 years later. Still, despite the cost, he did it.

 

For Sirius.

 

He knows that there are bigger things to focus on here, like how Regulus is feeling and why he did it, and what he's going to do now and if he's okay, but all that's bouncing around in Sirius' body is a feeling of fervency and happiness that stems from the "I love him more." 

 

Because in the end, Regulus never sided with his parents, and while Sirius wouldn't say he sided with Sirius exactly, he was still on his side, and he can't help the exhilarated laugh from his realisation as he hugs his brother tighter.

 

"I'm so glad you find amusement in my hysteria", Regulus mutters, a little hoarse and croaky but blissfully tear free. He twists his way out of Sirius' arms, folds his own over his chest and then glares at Sirius for the sheer nerve of watching him cry as though Regulus wasn't the one hugging him back.

 

"So", Sirius says slowly, trying to prompt Regulus to begin. "Do you want to talk?"

 

"Do I ever?" Regulus snarls out, hunching his shoulders and trying to push away the embarrassment he feels at yet more crying and the fact that the truth keeps on finding its way free.

 

"The Order meeting starts in 40 minutes, Reggie. I think we should use that time to –"

 

"No, I have other things to do. See you in 40, Sirius", and then Regulus just walks out of the room.

 

"Reggie, come back", and then a much louder "fuck, I'm going to find you afterwards. This conversation isn't over."

 

No, Regulus doesn't want to do any talking right now and only wants to distract himself from the inevitable conversation that he's sure Sirius is going to hunt him down for later tonight. For this reason, he finds James with Remus hovering downstairs, clearly having wanted to go check on Regulus but trying to respect him and Sirius enough to leave them to it. James's whole face lights up when he enters the room before softening at the faint tear tracks on his face and uttering "Regulus", who replies with "no talking, follow me."

 

"Follow me" ends up being Regulus gripping James by the wrist and dragging him into the servant's kitchen and into the butler's pantry, where James is fully expecting them to have a big heart-to-heart until he finds himself leaning against Regulus, who is leaning against a bag of flour on a shelf and –

 

More kissing.

 

James refuses to call kissing Regulus a problem, but he thinks that it may not be their best call of action right now.

 

"You're distracting yourself from your emotions, Reg, it's unhealthy –" he tries to begin, but Regulus is not in the mood for a conversation right now.

 

"Last time, I repressed every emotion I'd ever felt for three years. Now I'm kissing you, so if you want me to stop and start repressing –"

 

As he knew he would and with a growl of pure annoyance, James reciprocates.

 

"Stop smiling, you smug prat. I still disprove of your coping mechanisms –"

 

Regulus pulls away with a scowl. "Would you rather I don't cope at all? If you don't want to kiss me, just say so. I'm sure Barty is always up for it –"

 

James scowls right back at this, yanking Regulus forwards and –

 

Oh.

 

James is a great kisser, always has been, but it's nothing compared to when he's jealous and angry, and Regulus makes a mental note to bring Barty up in conversation from time to time just so that he can have James like this.

 

Jealous, possessive and fussy all at the same time.

 

He melts into the kiss, smiling again, only laughing as James scowls harder, but the kiss doesn't stop.

 

No, it's lovely and a secret little clandestine meeting, the risk of being caught only adding to the thrill of it all when the door swings open and then slams shut, which makes them break apart quickly. They both rush towards the main part of the servant's kitchen to see who caught them, and both privately pray that it wasn't Sirius, but nobody is there.

 

"I think I just scarred one of my friends for life", James says, genuinely worried.

 

"My friends would have paid good money to see that", Regulus replies, entirely serious. Still, neither of them can do anything to find out who it is, but the mystery person seems inclined to keep quiet, so neither of them bothers researching it.

 

Obviously, the truth will have to come out eventually, but neither of them were planning on it being anytime soon.

 

Thankfully, their secret is still safe.

 

 

Thursdays are Regulus' best and worst days of the week for almost the same reason. He gets to see Dumbledore (the worst bit) and always inevitably roasts the shit out of him (the best bit), and today is no exception.

 

He ignores James in front of everybody, who, apart from the marauders, are all still afraid of him. He goes to get his current favourite seat at the back of the room next to Evan, where they play games and make trouble until Regulus decides that it's his turn to speak.

 

Today, it's only 20 minutes into the meeting when Susan Bones mentions that her younger sister said Slytherins are still being recruited as Death Eaters at school and wants to know if any safe sanctuary is available in the Order.

 

"Of course," Dumbledore says, with his usual genial smile." There is always help available at Hogwarts for those who ask for it. I would never allow Death Eaters to roam the grounds –"

 

The rest of Dumbledore's speech fades into white noise as Regulus reminds himself to breathe before he stands up fuming and says clearly, "that is a lie."

 

Dumbledore's wand hand twitches like he wants to curse Regulus to shut him up, but there is no chance of his silence tonight. Not when he's telling lies like this, which is why he's here in the first place, not when he had asked for help for the first time since he was 10 years old and only made things worse for himself.

 

No.

 

There's no chance.

 

"Mr Black", Dumbledore says carefully, and Regulus can't help but notice he's finally refrained from calling him his boy now that he's trying to de-escalate the situation instead of winning Regulus over to his side. "I'm afraid we have a lot to cover today, and we don't have time for your trivial anecdotes –"

 

The entire room is tinted red with pure, unadulterated rage.

 

"Oh, let me speak, and then you tell me whether this is trivial. I got the mark over the summer holidays and came to you for help on the first day of sixth year because I had gotten it involuntarily and didn't want to be a Death Eater. I begged you for help. I begged you to protect me from my parents and Voldemort. I would have done anything, and all you said was no because my parents had my best interest at heart. You said it was in my destiny and that you couldn't rewrite fate, so don't you ever tell me help is given to those who ask for it ever again when it's your fault that I'm here at all", Regulus finishes, willing his brain not to kill Dumbledore right now when there are too many witnesses to be able to cover up the evidence.

 

"We all have choices, dear boy," Dumbledore says condescendingly. "There was no way you could have taken the mark involuntarily. It was obvious that it was something that you wanted, and I didn't want to take that away from you–"

 

"I took the mark because it was me or Sirius", Regulus bursts out. "Nothing more, nothing less, nothing but basic survival instincts, and there is nothing that you could ever say to me that will change my perspective of you, you hypocritical fraud. You're no better than Voldemort; at least he knew that he was a monster," and then he and Dumbledore are staring at each other,

 

Staring,

 

Staring,

 

Staring.

 

"Hey Reggie", Sirius speaks up casually, picking at his cuticles. "You know that thing you do where you just, take people off the wards," lifting his head up and tilting a smirking face at Dumbledore.

 

"You don't even need to ask", Regulus replies sweetly, and with a sharp crackle of magic, Dumbledore is banished from the house and is slowly getting drenched in the early Spring rain.

 

"The rest of you can fuck off out here too", Regulus calls carelessly over his shoulder, leaving the sitting room and hearing Sirius follow him because, of course, but what Sirius says to the entire room stuns him.

 

"I'm standing down from the Order of the Phoenix while Dumbledore is still the leader of it. I'm still on your side, and I'll fight where I can, but it will never be with Dumbledore or under his orders again." Regulus walks faster up the stairs trying to escape him as Sirius sprints behind him, chanting, "Reggie, Reggie, fuck slow down, would you" as he goes.

 

Regulus doesn't doubt that more truths are about to be set free.

 

 

Regulus gets into his room first and shuts the door behind him, and naturally, his stupid wards still aren't working properly because they let Sirius in, who immediately keeps coming closer, undoubtedly going to hug him again.

 

"I have already hugged you once today involuntarily. If you try to make it a second time, I'll curse you", he warns, which Sirius highly doubts but also doesn't want to risk.

 

"You do know that you hugged me back?" Sirius replies, not even trying to hide his smile of amusement, only laughing as Regulus scowls and says, "that didn't count. I was under emotional duress."

 

"Oh, emotional duress, what big words. Our tutors would be so proud of you, Reggie," he replies mockingly. "Us plebians would say you simply had a mental breakdown, but you would never."

 

"You try flipping a stupid fucking rock in your hands, expecting nothing to happen when you see your parents that you killed two years ago pop up back from the dead and tell you everything you knew they wanted to say and everything you never wanted to hear. Oh wait, you can't because I've already fucking done it!" Regulus bursts out, chest heaving, anger flooding through his veins. He doesn't want to have the conversation at all, but if he's going to have it with anyone, it's going to be Sirius.

 

He just doesn't want it to drive him away.

 

Again.

 

"I'm not trying to criticise you", Sirius says, sighing heavily, still never quite sure how to bridge any emotional topic of conversation with Regulus. "I should be thanking you, probably. Good riddance to the both of them; I'm pleased they died sooner rather than later."

 

"Well, if only I could share your crude indifference," Regulus shoots back, anger still being easier than hurt. "But no, I was the one who had to go back and kill them while you were out and about with your new family. I was the one who had to get rid of every last trace of them, so you could be happy without us because we never were good enough for you, were we? No need to answer; you only made that clear for the past decade."

 

Sirius wants to yell back but wants to have this conversation without doors slamming or curses flying, so he sighs and wills away all of his stubbornness to be correct and not have to be the bigger person.

 

Then he sighs again, frowns at the ceiling, and then frowns at Regulus.

 

"I did miss you, you know," he says.

 

"Whatever."

 

"I did", Sirius stresses out. "I did miss you. I cried for you, and I grieved for you. Fuck our parents, but I did miss you; I still do sometimes, even now."

 

"Sure you did", Regulus replies dismissively, willing to brush the conversation aside until –

 

"Right, you don't want to hear the platitudes; let me tell you the cold hard facts", Sirius says heatedly, watching as Regulus' body language grows mildly alarmed at the change in demeanour. "You think I didn't care about you. You think I'm making my feelings up. You think I'm being dramatic or trying to win you over, or whatever goes on in that tiny fucking brain of yours, but I'll tell you something. Do you want to know the first thing that I did when I saw that you had died? After I'd finished crying for the entire morning, I came back here. I came back here to the house of nightmares, the source of my trauma, and back to our god-awful parents for you. I thought they might have hidden you away. I thought they might have known what had happened. I came back here for you, and I'm still here for you, so take your pity party away from here and realise that I love you. I really fucking love you, Reggie, so just stop pushing everyone away and at least let me in."

 

There's a long pause as Regulus stares wide-eyed at Sirius before he nods sharply and says, "right, I'll consider it. Now we've got that out of the way –" 

 

"Reggie, we haven't even begun -"

 

"I killed our parents so they wouldn't force you back, and you're not disowning me for it yet. We've covered everything", Regulus rushes out in one breath, eager to move on –

 

"Why would you ever think I would disown you…?"

 

"Moving on", Regulus practically screams before levelling Sirius with an almost concerned glance. "Why did you say that about Dumbledore?"

 

"Why did you say what you said?" Sirius replies, followed by a quieter, almost insecure, "was it true?"

 

"Unfortunately."

 

"And he rejected you for help."

 

"He said my parents had my best interest at heart, but he had no problem signing you up to be a child soldier because he's a prejudiced bastard."

 

"You think he recruited me, but not you, because I'm better than you?" Sirius asks, raising an eyebrow.

 

"No", Regulus replies incredulously, because literally, how is that the key takeaway from this entire conversation? "I said he was prejudiced, did I not? He recruited you because you're a Gryffindor and not a Slytherin."

 

"Ahh", Sirius replies, nodding wisely. "So it was because I'm better than you –"

 

"Sirius, I hope you fucking die", and this final comment is accompanied by a great shove out the door followed by its closure, and while the conversation between the pair of them definitely derailed and left a lot unsaid, there's no lingering tension between the two of them or fears for the safety of the other.

 

Instead, it feels like the beginning of closure, healing, and once again becoming the brothers they used to be.

 

 

Later that night, Regulus creeps down the hallway into James' room, which is the room that feels most like home in what used to be and sometimes still is his house of nightmares.

 

Usually, when they go into each other's rooms, the other is already in bed, and they either talk about their day and make out, or they just go straight to sleep, too tired to do anything but enjoy each other's company.

 

Tonight is different because as Regulus enters the room, the bedside lamps are on, which isn't uncommon; however, spread over the blanket on top of the duvet is an assortment of fancy cheeses, good champagne, grapes, strawberries, chocolates and pistachio nuts. Seated at the head of the bed is James, looking nervous and excited all at once as he sees Regulus comes in and sees the pleased but confused look on his face.

 

"James," Regulus begins inelegantly. "What's this?"

 

James looks at him, surprised but undyingly wholesome, as he says, "oh, I thought you would have known. I've made you a picnic, which is usually done outside in a park, and it's where you lay out a picnic rug which is usually just an old blanket and –"

 

"James, James, I know what a picnic is", Regulus replies bewilderedly. "I was just meaning, why are we having one now at eleven o clock at night?"

 

"Oh", he begins. "You had a bad day, and I wanted to cheer you up because as much as I adore kissing you, we never really seem to get much talking done then."

 

Regulus can't help but smile softly, even as he says, "I appreciate it, but I've been through worse. You didn't need to go to all of this trouble –"

 

"Your current suffering shouldn't have to compete with what you've suffered previously just to be validated. No matter how you feel, you should be able to let yourself feel it, but you should also have someone who is happy to hear about it and will do their best to make you happy again. And that's where I come in today."

 

Regulus can't speak.

 

"So, do you like it? I even got strawberries –"

 

"Fuck the strawberries, James," he says, moving closer and laughing breathlessly into his lips which leaves James hastily casting a stabilising spell on the food so it doesn't go everywhere, as Regulus tries to express how much this means to him and how much James means to him.

 

James pushes him away eventually; he always has had more self-control and gestures at the picnic spread.

 

"Come on, let's eat."

 

"Strawberries are my favourite", Regulus says, smiling softly, which turns into a full-blown grin that he tries to hide as James replies, "yeah, I know. You have them every day with breakfast and every second day after dinner."

 

"Being with you feels like a dream", Regulus says, the honest words slipping out before he can stop them. "It all seems too good to be true."

 

"What we have is real; I promise you that, Regulus, I'll always promise you that."

 

Regulus fights yet another smile. "Shut up and eat your strawberries."

 

James does, but Regulus still hasn't eaten anything as he looks at the cheese, then back at James, and then back at the cheese again.

 

"James", he says, taken aback. "This is good cheese. Pont l’Évêque is a good cheese, how on earth did you know to buy it? I didn't know you were a connoisseur on this, but this is good."

 

James looks surprisingly guilty at the praise as he says, "uhh, I'm not. I might have just gone into that fancy delicatessen that seems very you and looked around until I found something expensive I'd never heard of and figured that was what you'd like."

 

"I hate how accurate that is", Regulus mutters sullenly, even as he dutifully cuts himself slice after slice of the stupidly good cheese and pretends he can't see James smiling delightedly out of the corner of his eye as he sees that his cheer up Regulus Black plan has worked tremendously.

 

Half an hour later, when they've finished their food and are giggling on the champagne, which Regulus also approved of even if he rolled his eyes fondly at the fact that James used his cheese-shopping method for it as well, they're lying in bed, getting ready to go to sleep when James speaks.

 

Usually, it's some form of "how was your day?" or "I have a question for you today" or "what do you want to ask me today?" but today, it's different.

 

"I know that you usually have a secret to tell, and then I'll respond, but it's my turn to tell a secret today", which is already surprising Regulus because he genuinely didn't think James had any.

 

"This secret isn't reciprocal, okay? And it's not a secret at all. I want you to know this, so you don't need to say anything back, alright? You just listen, and then we go from there, okay?"

 

Regulus is rather worried that someone has died because James seems genuinely stressed about what Regulus' response to this will be, and he's really hoping that they're not diving into yet more Black family trauma today because he has had enough for a lifetime.

 

There's nothing traumatic about what James says, though.

 

"Regulus", James begins looking him in the eye and saying boldly, "I love you, that's all."

 

Oh.

 

Regulus loved Barty once. He still does in a purely platonic way, and he knows Barty loved him too, even if they were never brave enough to say the words out loud.

 

Regulus loved Barty and never knew if he'd be able to love someone after him again, but Barty has absolutely nothing compared to the unstoppable force of James Potter.

 

I think I love you too, he thinks helplessly, staring at James' eager but increasingly anxious face the longer Regulus remains silent.

 

"I don't want to lose you" is what he settles for, feeling rather inadequate in the wake of James' confession, but he doesn't seem to mind as his whole face lights up, the sun out and shining in the dead of night.

 

"I don't want to lose you either."

 

They have sex for the first time that night, tipsy off champagne and drunk off love, losing themselves in one another and becoming intertwined, two halves of the same soul, gradually forging their eternal connection as they become one and the same, as they've gone from everything to nothing back to everything.

 

Because it is everything 

 

It's laughing in the morning and kissing in the moonlight.

 

It's dancing around the bedroom and repeatedly shushing each other's giggles, so no one overhears.

 

It's secrets shared and promises made.

 

It's falling and flying and hoping and dreaming all at the same time.

 

Only one of them has said it out loud yet, but they both know what it is.

 

There's nothing else that it could possibly be.

 

It's love.

 
Notes:

    Can you tell I'm a sucker for a good breakdown, however this was on the whole extremely light and jegulus are having a happy relationship which I will endlessly be jealous of.

    Can't wait for your thoughts xx

Chapter 20: Chapter 19: April 1979 - June 1979
Summary:

    Happy birthday Reggie x

Notes:

    Okay let me just say that this chapter is the most dramatic shit of my life. Quality content though.

    Had an awful lot of comments coming through in the past few days and I especially enjoyed your reactions to the last chapter, so feel free to keep them coming- I read every one and they always make me smile xoxo

    I'm gonna give myself a week for the next chapter (CHAPTER 20 WHICH OH MY GOD PREPARE YOURSELVES) because I have an essay to write and then I want to go to bed early lmao, so you should get your next update by next Wednesday but could very likely be sooner.

    Hope you enjoy and get ready for the next update!!!!!!!!!!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

April 1979 – June 1979

 

As Regulus writes his message across the page, the diary absorbs the ink and replies instantly with a new message.

 

Regulus Black? Are you the son of Orion Black? 

 

Yes, he was my father.

 

You seem like a worthy holder of my diary; let me show you something.

 

The moment Regulus replies with four letters, a simple okay, there's a huge pulse of magic as though he's being sucked into a memory in a pensive. As the haze of colours settles and Regulus takes in his surroundings, he sees that he's in the Slytherin Common room of Hogwarts, and in his still concussed state, he can't help himself as he looks around frantically for his wand, but when he looks down, he sees that he's still wearing his pyjamas. 

 

When he tries to touch the couch, his hand goes straight through.

 

When he's too slow to move out of the way of a Slytherin third-year, they walk through him.

 

I'm in a memory, or I'm dead , he figures. I can work with this.

 

Tom Riddle seems to be around 16 years old, and he glances furtively around the common room before he slips out the door and starts making his way towards the second floor. Regulus doesn't know where he's going, but he assumes it's important if the diary is showing some of 16 year old Tom Riddle's memories. He's almost excited to see what the memory is until he follows Tom into the second-floor girl's bathroom, which is one of the few places Regulus never entered at Hogwarts for obvious reasons.

 

It's deserted, and he knows that nothing he does will change the memory, but he still tries to ask Tom Riddle what he's doing and why they're here.  

 

He doesn't hear him. 

 

It's just a memory.

 

Tom Riddle walks into the bathroom and stands in front of the sink, and Regulus is wondering if he's about to watch the narcissist's hair routine when he hisses something in what is undoubtedly parseltongue, and the sink falls into the floor, opening up a secret passageway.

 

He's immediately intrigued; he found a lot of good hiding spots over his Hogwarts years and thought he'd mapped out practically the entire school, but he definitely never found wherever this is.

 

As he follows through where memory Tom Riddle goes, he sees what looks like an extension of the Slytherin common room, all grandeur with snakes decorating every surface. However, the longer Regulus walks through with Tom, the quicker he realises where he is.

 

It's the legendary Chamber of Secrets.

 

There's nobody else here that Regulus can see, and he knows that this is a memory, not time travel, so he's technically not there either. For this reason, it takes a long time until he realises that Tom Riddle isn't actually talking to anyone but rather monologuing excessively to himself as he describes his accomplishments.

 

"I am the heir of Slytherin, and I am here in the Chamber of Secrets of Salazar Slytherin, my ancestor and who I should have been a namesake of. One day, I will ensure that nobody knows me as Tom Riddle. Some wizards will fear me, and others will adhere to me, as I will rule wizarding Britain as Lord Voldemort."

 

He just doesn't stop talking, and Regulus feels as though he's back at a Death Eater meeting when Voldemort would just speak for literal hours. At the time, Regulus thought it was rather inspirational, but he now realises it was just the manifestation of Voldemort's extreme narcissistic tendencies.

 

Like, he genuinely won't stop talking to himself, and Regulus is sure that he's found the exact volume and tone to ensure that his voice reverberates at the optimal pitch around the chamber, echoing for emphasis and ensuring that his voice carries for miles for all of the people who aren't listening to him.

 

"Everybody will one day know my name. I will become the most esteemed wizard in all of Britain, and my campaign will begin tonight."

 

Then, Regulus watches distantly, his feelings of horror still dulled by the fogginess in his brain as a giant snake, no, a basilisk emerges from the chamber and starts slithering through the chamber towards the entrance to Hogwarts. Regulus hates people and generally doesn't mind what happens to them, but a small part of him almost wants to warn all of the children at Hogwarts that they're about to die. He has to continually remind himself that it's only a memory and that he definitely didn't hear anything about any basilisk massacre at Hogwarts in the 1940s.

 

Still, there's a definite sense of trepidation in his gut as he watches the snake slither through the chamber, up through the pipes, and look around the bathroom. Then, it seems to focus on the sound of running water and somebody crying, even though they try to mask it.

 

Regulus knows the sound intimately but still can't figure out how it relates to this situation. 

 

He doesn't think Tom Riddle has ever been the comforting type, even if he is sentimental about trivial ancestral heirlooms. It all clicks into place, though, as he hisses out another command in parseltongue that makes the snake lunge towards a girl he's seen before.

 

Moaning Myrtle, the annoying ghost who loved to cry and talk to all of the attractive boys in the school, which Regulus was definitely among.

 

But she's alive now and crying in the toilets.

 

She's alive, and she has a body, and she's here, and she's living until she's not.

 

She's living until the basilisk looks her in the eye, and her entire body freezes then collapses. Some may think that she's simply fainted, but Regulus has been in this war long enough to recognise the distinct aura of death.

 

And she is unmistakeably dead.

 

If Regulus had any doubts before, they're erased entirely as the basilisk slithers forwards and swallows Myrtle's body whole. It doesn't even chew it, it's just one big swallow, and as Tom Riddle chants a spell in Latin that Regulus has never heard of but understands to be the horcrux spell if the translation of I will remain in life, death shall not take me. I will tether my soul forevermore to this plane of existence and defy the laws of life and death, is any indication. At the same time that a black shimmer flows out of Tom Riddle and into the diary, a similar pearly sheen glistens in the place where Myrtle once lay as the ghost of her body appears. She looks around confused, realises that she's dead, and then rather predictably, immediately bursts into tears.

 

Just before the memory ends, Tom Riddle walks out of the bathroom, and as he does, Regulus hears him mutter to himself, "I will leave Hogwarts next year, but my legacy will remain here forevermore."

 

 

Regulus finds himself back in the tent, the abrupt release from the memory making his head spin and causing the concussion to worsen, making him lean against his desk, breathing heavily to fight the nausea.

 

He summons another headache reliever, a pain potion and a purging potion to wash away any traces of dark magic from the spell that hit him, and as they all kick in at once, he sits up, swearing profusely as in a moment of clarity, he realises that it's purged the effect of the horcrux from him too, and with a clearer head, he realises what he's done.

 

"Oh fuck," he mutters, his voice gradually becoming louder as the panic sets in. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, he knows, he knows, I need to leave, but what if he can track the horcrux? What if he can track me? What if he finds me? Fuck, fuck, fuck!"

 

He doesn't know which option is worse. Either Voldemort realises that Regulus has a horcrux, isn't dead and comes to hunt him down and kill him. Or, Regulus destroys the horcrux so he can't track him with it, so Voldemort realises that someone is destroying his horcruxes and then puts an even tighter realm of security on them or, even worse, makes some more.

 

Regulus has always thought he wanted to die, he thought that he'd embrace it willingly, but for some reason, this moment of decision here feels like his final moments.

 

To have Voldemort find him, or just have him know the horcruxes are gone?

 

To end his horcrux hunt or to extend it indefinitely.

 

To live or to die.

 

And Regulus doesn't want to die.

 

That doesn't mean he wants to live per se, but if he's going to die, he wants to do something worthwhile with his life, even if nobody knows it. No one needs to know what he's done, but if they did find out, he wants them to find out something that would make them proud of him. He wants to do one thing in his life that he can finally be proud of.

 

And he hasn't done it yet.

 

So today, he can't let himself die.

 

But fuck, he hates living.

 

"Voldemort, go fuck yourself", he mutters in an effort to psyche himself up, praying that he wasn't wrong with his theory, as he lays the diary in the middle of the floor and casts fiendfyre.

 

It burns.

 

The sound of distant screaming fills his ears, and Regulus thinks that it's coming from within the diary, but he doesn't stop even as the smell of burnt leather fills the air, and dark magic permeates the entire room.

 

He's suffocating, but he doesn't care.

 

That diary is going, and it doesn't take long until it's gone.

 

It's a melted, ink-bathed wreck surrounded by ash, but it is irrefutably destroyed.

 

By Regulus.

 

It took him a year and a half to get to this moment, and he can't believe he did it.

 

But he has.

 

Still, he can't celebrate now that Voldemort is probably on his tail, and Regulus doubts that it will take him very long to find him if he truly looks and that when he does, it will be the fight of his life.

 

It will be the fight for his life.

 

So, he apparates wildly, burns his entire tent and goes into a muggle camping store near Brighton to buy a new one. Then he goes to rural France, deciding that leaving Britain is his best option and sets an alarm for every 2 hours to change locations, buys an abundance of French warding textbooks from the wizarding town he visits near Poitiers, and spends the next two weeks renovating his tent back to the six-room manor it used to be. He casts ward after ward around it and becomes so intensely paranoid that he gets a constant tightness of anxiety in his chest that he just can't shake.

 

He doesn't want to die.

 

He doesn't want to get caught.

 

He wants someone to help him, reassure him; damn it, he wants his brother, but he's not going to put him in danger like that when Voldemort is literally hunting down his life.

 

He doesn't want to live the rest of his life in fear of being caught, but he can't get rid of that problem by killing Voldemort when he's only found 3 of his horcruxes.

 

He's still hopping locations throughout Europe, extending to Germany, Italy, Spain, Poland, and even going to countries like Croatia, where he can't even speak the language, just to try and escape Voldemort. Five weeks after he destroyed the horcrux, he's found himself in a near-constant state of a panic attack, unable to focus on much and unable to do much but fear for his life.

 

It's 6 weeks later that he has all of his letters prepared to be sent out in the event of his death, that all of his horcrux research and results have been written, and it's 6 weeks later that he returns to Britain wondering if today is the day that he is going to die.

 

He's expecting everything to look different, that there'll be a sign somewhere of all that's transpired, but it looks exactly how it did when Regulus left, and he's almost disappointed that his all-consuming crisis had no effect on anyone else in the world but him.

 

There are still flowers in the fields and the sun shining in the sky as summer comes to England, and Regulus thinks it's almost rude of the world to be so warm and inviting as he knows he's about to leave it.

 

He's tired of running.

 

He's got his emergency portkey that can be activated through his leglimency, so he doesn't even need his wand, and he's done with running.

 

So he stands still in a field near Leeds and waits for Voldemort or a Death Eater or even the Ministry of Magic to show up.

 

He waits.

 

And he waits

 

And he waits.

 

And no one shows up.

 

Where the fuck are you?  Regulus thinks frustratedly. He's here, ready for a fight, ready for the drama, ready for literally whatever they throw at him, except no one is here.

 

But why not?

 

He grew up hearing about Voldemort, served him for months and now probably knows him more intimately than anyone else in the world, maybe even better than Voldemort knows himself, so why isn't he here?

 

Voldemort thinks he's better than anyone else, and anyone who tried to go against him would be tortured at the very least. Anyone who succeeded would be brutally murdered, so why is Regulus still alive?

 

If Voldemort knew that Regulus had taken his horcrux, he wouldn't still be here, which means –

 

You have got to be fucking kidding me.

 

If there was anybody else by him at the moment, Regulus would have had to have killed them on principle for seeing him like this because he's a mixture of embarrassed, resigned, and about to tip into another breakdown.

 

Because Voldemort never knew that his horcrux was destroyed. He never even felt it.

 

Which means that Regulus has had two of the literal worst months of his life and rewired his brain to instil paranoia and fear into his everyday life for nothing.

 

Because he was running from someone who didn't even know he had to chase him in the first place.

 

If this isn't a reason to hate living, he doesn't know what is.

 

Still, there's no better outlet for his emotions than violence, so he goes into his tent, wards all the magical properties into a restricted area and casts fiendfyre again.

 

Burn you motherfuckers,  he thinks, still angry, which makes the flames grow exponentially and Regulus hasten to bring them back under control, until only the charred and mangled remains of the locket and the ring remain.

 

He still apparates eighteen times until he chooses a location near Glasgow to set his tent up, and there's still a definite paranoia in his chest that remains even after setting up fifty-nine wards on his tent. Despite it all, he still sleeps the best he has in months, knowing that whenever he dies and everything he's running from catches up to him, it won't be today.

 

 

Regulus sleeps for almost a full 24 hours, and when he wakes up, washes away the past and firmly presses his occlumency shields into place, he feels like a new person.

 

He's still traumatised, still lonely, still murderous and spiteful, but he's ready to begin again without losing his grip on reality in the process.

 

He's destroyed three horcruxes which is a monumental achievement, so he's nearly halfway there, although he's yet to make any progress on the dark mark. It still stares at him every day, reminding him how weak he was to get it in the first place while taunting him about everything he could have been.

 

He hasn't got any leads to go on, and the purging potion he took months ago didn't erase it from his body, which means that the magic that makes the mark work is linked to his own magical core. So, if he gets the removal process wrong, he's going to destroy his magical ability and any capacity he'll ever have to grow it back.

 

It's not a risk he wants to take, but it's necessary. There's still a chance that when Voldemort dies, Regulus and every other Death Eater with the mark will die too, depending on how the magic is linked, so it's got to go.

 

If Regulus dies, then he dies, but if he dies because he couldn't out-engineer Voldemort's tattoo spell or, even worse, got killed by Voldemort himself, he thinks he'd go to hell and spend all eternity sulking.

 

The Dark Mark must have been some form of bonding spell that is vague enough without the darker element of blood magic within it. Blood magic unfortunately needs the caster's blood for the removal process, but Regulus doesn't know any circumstance where he will have access to Voldemort's blood unless he's dead.

 

He thinks some of his nightmares were easier to deal with than this.

 

There's no better place to start than his library, which has quadrupled in size since he went home, killed his parents, and raided the library before he left.

 

It's slow reading, and the excitement at finding a breakthrough fades quickly into monotonous hopelessness, but Regulus never lets himself give up.

 

There's a lot of experimenting and more injuries than he'd like, including a wrist needing to be regrown again, which was a fucking awful time. Still, he keeps researching the Dark Mark and potential horcrux locations when he has a breakthrough on his eighteenth birthday.

 

He finally, finally has something to work with and a new lead to follow.

 

He's figured out how they're bonded.

 

Typically, a bonding spell is completed during marriages to tie magical cores together in a show of love, commitment and devotion. This has the same application as Death Eaters to Voldemort, except it's a one-way sentiment of fidelity, and nobody loves him.

 

They can be undone through a careful reversal spell usually completed by a trained bonding expert because to do it wrong can result in the collapse of both parties' magical cores, but Regulus knows that he could figure out how to do it on his own.

 

The problem is how the mark fits into this, which he's deduced must be blood magic from when they gave when they cut their palms and swore their pledges of unwavering loyalty to their Dark Lord. At the time, Regulus thought it was a trivial formality, but he now realises it was his condemnation in the form of a skull and snake on his forearm.

 

Still, if he can reverse the blood magic with Voldemort's blood that he doesn't have, he thinks it will be gone.

 

That's not all, though; everything seems to be clicking into place today.

 

The more he thinks about the other horcruxes, the more he narrows down what and where they could be.

 

He was right that Lucius had the diary, which means that Mulciber was probably right about Bella having a horcrux too, and that is almost definitely going to end in death or life-threatening injuries in his quest to retrieve it. 

 

He's also realised that Voldemort is sentimental in the weirdest ways. He seemed to hate his muggle heritage and the muggle orphanage he grew up in, but he loved knowing that he was a Slytherin, that he was magical, and he loved Hogwarts.

 

Like Regulus, he felt safer at Hogwarts than he did at home.

 

Like Regulus, he pleaded to stay at Hogwarts for fear of his safety, and Dumbledore did nothing.

 

Like Regulus, if he were stupid enough to ever make a horcrux, he would probably think that Hogwarts was a good place to hide a horcrux, right under Dumbledore's nose for the irony and self-satisfaction, but also within the castle's enchantments and protections.

 

It's a place to start even if he doesn't know exactly what he's looking for, but he'll search every room of the castle if he has to.

 

"My legacy will remain at Hogwarts forevermore",  diary Tom Riddle had said. There's no way he wasn't talking about a horcrux.

 

One horcrux with Bella, one horcrux at Hogwarts, and then Regulus is halfway. 

 

Then he's got two more to go.

 

The end isn't in sight, but it's around the corner; the match to light the end of the tunnel has been lit.

 

He's elated, almost smiling, but it drops entirely before it can fully form on his face.

 

If Regulus is going to find the horcrux, he's going to need to go back to Hogwarts and back to Dumbledore unless he can find a way to enter the wards and pass through the entire castle on his indefinite horcrux hunt undetected.

 

But Regulus absolutely despises Dumbledore and would rather die than work with him.

 

Wholeheartedly, fuck it all.

 

 

Two breakthroughs in one day meant Regulus had a good birthday overall or as good as one can be when he's on the run, lonely and traumatised. Only 10 minutes of the day are left when a patronus makes its way through the wards.

 

At least half of his wards are sentient, which means that there are only a handful of people whose patronuses could have entered. Still, he can't help himself as he tenses and raises his wand instinctively.

 

Is someone coming?

 

Have they found out he's still alive?

 

Is it Voldemort coming, and Evan or Barty are trying to warn him?

 

It's none of these options, as it turns out, as the shaggy dog bounds into the room and nudges its head into Regulus' leg as much as an incorporeal dog can.

 

"Hello?" Regulus says uncertainly. Usually, the patronus starts delivering its message straight away, but this one is apparently waiting for something; maybe the sender cast the spell and then was delayed in sending the message?

 

He's about to ask the dog what it's doing here and what it wants when it speaks, and Regulus didn't know who it's from or what he was expecting it to say, but nothing could have prepared him for the voice of his brother.

 

"Hey, Reggie. I don't know where this patronus is going to end up, but I hope it finds you somehow."

 

Sirius' voice sounds awful, like he's spent the entire day crying and has only just stopped for long enough to be able to talk even if he sounds hoarse and croaky and like he's on the verge of tears again, although Regulus can't imagine why that would be the case.

 

Is Sirius sending the message because he knows he's alive and a coward, running from his problems? Is it a message to cut him out of his life because he knows about his eventual return? Have his –

 

"I just wanted to say happy birthday and that I'm so sorry you never made it to eighteen."

 

Sirius takes a pause where he is obviously trying to hold back his tears, but Regulus has always been weaker than Sirius and doesn't have enough self-control to hold back his which are already streaming down his cheeks, his hand pressed over his mouth to muffle the sound of his sobs so that he doesn't miss any of the message.

 

"I'm staring at your star today, we're both up there, but I'm only looking at you and hoping that somewhere, somehow, you hear this."

 

"I miss you. Sometimes I think I might hate you for choosing our parents over me when I would have done anything and everything for you, but no matter how much I hate you, I'll always love you more."

 

Regulus supposes this is supposed to be somehow therapeutic for Sirius, but he thinks losing his brother twice was less painful than having an invitation to get him back but not being able to accept it. 

 

"Sometimes I wonder if you're still alive. Sometimes I swear that I can feel it, that you're out here somewhere, and I don't know where the feeling comes from or why finding you always seems so close but so far away, but if you are alive and want to find me, then do it. If you're running or if you're scared or if you need protection, I'd do anything for you, so if you're alive, then I hope that one day I'll see you again."

 

"If you're not, I'm so sorry. You deserve to have lived your life without having our parents oppress you, and you deserve to have had a better brother who could have protected you, and you deserve to have made it to eighteen. You deserve to have lived forever, and if I'd know you were going to die, I would've taken your place in a heartbeat, so I'm so, so sorry that it's me still living when you're not."

 

"Happy birthday Reggie; if not in this lifetime, I really hope I'll see you again. I love you, okay? No matter where you are, in the sky or on the Earth, I'll always love you."

 

"Never forget that."

 

Then the dog dissipates into the air until the only light shining into his tent is coming from the night sky outside, and Regulus would go and turn on the main light if he wasn't crying so hard that his body shakes and his lungs heave, and he knows that he couldn't move in this state if he tried.

 

He's drowning in his brother's love, and it's too much and not enough at the same time. He doesn't know how to deal with the sheer relief of knowing that he hasn't lost everything, as well as the agony of knowing that he still can't have it.

 

It hurts to hear as much as it heals him, and not sending back a patronus is undoubtedly the second hardest thing he's had to do in this war so far.

 

It takes a long time before he can find it within himself to move again, so with his vision still blurry, he goes out into the grass surrounding his tent and lies down, looking at the stars where his gaze is automatically drawn to his brother.

 

Regulus finds himself in the sky too, and it comforts him as much as it breaks him to know that somewhere, he and Sirius are both sharing the same moment, staring at the same star, thinking about how much they miss their brother.

 
Notes:

    Once again, was this is in fic outline? No.

    Do I regret putting it in? No.

    Did I cry rereading it? You bet I did.

    The line "happy birthday Reggie, I'm so sorry you never made it to eighteen" was absolutely horrendous and makes me regret being able to read even though I know I wrote it in the first place.

Chapter 21: Chapter 20: March 1981
Summary:

    Albus fucking Dumbledore

Notes:

    CHAPTER 20 IS HERE OH MY GOD.

    Here's your reminder that this is endgame jegulus and they have A HAPPY ENDING so trust the process.

    Can't wait for chapter 22, you're going to lose your shit (in a good way) but probably cry first.

    Hoping to have the next chapter up by Friday, probably, but can definitely do it by next weekend.

    Excited and absolutely terrified for your comments xxx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

March 1981

 

Albus Dumbledore is seething.

 

He had his carefully laid out plans where he would rule wizarding Britain, and they were all on their way to being successful.

 

He was leading the resistance without insubordination, Voldemort was killing all those who were strong-willed enough to resist him, and every citizen in Wizarding Britain was looking to him for guidance.

 

Every citizen looked up to Dumbledore with trust and deep-rooted belief in exactly the way he wanted them to.

 

Everything was going perfectly.

 

Until Regulus Black returned from the dead and began unravelling every single aspect of his master plan.

 

Firstly, unfathomably, he destroyed the horcruxes, which Dumbledore deliberately removed all information on at Hogwarts. Then he killed Voldemort too early, leaving too many people alive who are strong-willed enough to fight in another revolution.

 

This meant that he became the hero of the wizarding war, not Dumbledore, and while Regulus Black doesn't want anything to do with Britain and its future following the war, people have put the undying faith in him that they used to have in Albus Dumbledore.

 

Secondly, he knows too much about who Dumbledore really is. He has been continually chipping away at his character and making him lose his credibility as the morally righteous and pure leader of the light the more that more and more of his secrets see the light of day.

 

Thirdly, because of Regulus, Dumbledore no longer has Sirius Black on his side. Where Sirius Black goes, James Potter goes, and where they go, most of the Order go.

 

And they've gone to Regulus Black.

 

Albus Dumbledore will not let a teenager ruin everything he has spent decades working towards, so he needs to tear Regulus and Sirius Black and their friends apart before they can come together, remove his mask and overthrow Dumbledore.

 

Fourthly and perhaps most importantly, Regulus Black has ownership of the elder wand, and he knows it. If Dumbledore can't beat him fairly, he'll have to lower his defences and weaken him to succeed.

 

Thanks to what he saw before the Order meeting last week, he knows exactly how.

 

 

Regulus Black loves waking up next to James Potter every morning.

 

He loves sneaking downstairs with him in the middle of the night to make chocolate chip pancakes while everyone is asleep and dancing in the firelight, lost in the moment until the smoke alarms start beeping, jolting them from their haze of contentment.

 

He loves the way James leaves little pieces of himself everywhere; a spare pair of glasses on Regulus' bedside table, the two books he owns slotted onto a shelf in the library, and his heart in Regulus' hands.

 

He loves early mornings with James even though he hates them with anyone else, and he loves staying up late, watching movies, sharing secrets and kissing under the stars.

 

Regulus Black loves James Potter and knows James loves him, but he doesn't know how to tell him that he loves him back.

 

But oh, he wants to.

 

James is good and pure and everything that Regulus isn't, and he's terrified that he'll be too much or not enough in all of the wrong ways, and then he'll lose him.

 

All Regulus ever really seems to do is lose, but no matter how long it took, he always managed to find himself again.

 

If he ever lost James Potter, he knows that whatever remained of him would be scattered across dimensions, never to be brought together again; his hope buried 6 feet underground, any chance of a future hidden in the stars and his heart forever cradled in James' hands, attached indefinitely no matter how hard he tried to throw it away.

 

Regulus survived life before James, he lives for life with James, but he'd rather die than live life after James.

 

He deserves to know, and while Regulus knows he'll never be able to express how much James means to him, he can make a start.

 

He can try.

 

"James", he says abruptly, shattering the serene silence that had lain over the pair of them as the sun slowly rose and filtered light into the room. "I want to tell you something."

 

Because James is James and Regulus is Regulus, his head snaps over from where he was staring at the ceiling, and Regulus can see the alarm seeping through the mask of casual supportiveness.

 

It's never secret sharing time in the morning, so James is probably concerned that Regulus went out with Evan and Barty in the night and did something dubiously legal at best. The catastrophising would be insulting if it weren't entirely deserved.

 

"Okay", James says slowly, and Regulus can barely hear his voice over the alarm bells ringing in James' brain. "What's up?"

 

Regulus regrets starting this conversation of heartfelt vulnerability, but it's too late to back out now.

 

"Do you remember when I mentioned the war last week?" he begins, and James is instantly alert, bracing himself for whatever mood Regulus is in today as he talks, but for once, it's neither tears nor anger. "I told you that there were lots of times when I wanted to die because I didn't want to fight and I didn't want to be a Death Eater, and there wasn't really an alternative where I could be happy," he continues, giving his nonchalant context for what he really wants to say even though James has already scrambled up into a sitting position, unprepared for the seriousness of the conversation that Regulus had bought up on a random Thursday. He knows that he has to be ready and attentive and listening for whatever trauma Regulus is about to bring up, and he's ready, and he's here, and he's ready to take care of him and –

 

Regulus' eyes are wide, he looks sweet and scared, and James wants to tell him that it's okay, that whatever he wants to share or work through, James will help him –

 

"You make me proud of myself", Regulus says quietly, his eyes flicking restlessly around the room before they settle on James, who is trying to hold back his smile of pure wonder. "You make me proud that I held on because since I did, I got to this moment, right here, right now, with you." Regulus swallows again and looks back at James. "Because I'm happy to be here with you, and I'm grateful to have this."

 

He knows that James literally told him that he loved him last week, but he's still nervous as he waits for his reaction, which ends up being an ever-growing smile on his face and a breathless "yeah?"

 

"Yeah", Regulus smiles back, and since he's awful at vulnerability and terrible at dealing with the aftermath of it, he gives James a kiss that was meant to be quick but ends up taking twenty minutes before he pulls away and goes down to the kitchen, telling James to leave his room before they get caught.

 

Regulus leaves the room quickly, but he still hears the muffled sound of James screaming into his pillow.

 

Regulus would rather die than say something so Hufflepuff-like out loud, but he loves being in love.

 

He wants to scream it from the rooftops in equal parts as he wants to gatekeep James to himself, locked in a glass cage that only Regulus has access to, leaving everyone else to admire him from afar.

 

He wants to take James out for dinner, and he wants to laugh over the scathing Daily Prophet articles about a Potter falling for a murderer, and he wants to burn the witch weekly articles about Britain's tortured war hero falling in love.

 

He wants James in every capacity, but his love for him doesn't erase the two enormous problems with becoming official.

 

The first problem is that Regulus is inadequate. James walks into a room, and it lights up. Regulus walks into a room and feels alone. 

 

James stops to tie his shoe, and everyone waits for him, but Regulus is never with anybody in the first place.

 

James lives life like the world was made for him, and Regulus still doesn't know if he ever belonged in it.

 

They're a walking dichotomy, red and green, light and dark, sweet and sour.

 

James is everything, Regulus is nothing, and he's dreading the day that James finally sees it, but he'll be damned if he's not going to make the most of this rapidly expiring romance.

 

The second problem is Sirius.

 

James is Sirius' best friend, and naturally, Sirius wants to support him in every romantic or non-romantic endeavour in his life.

 

Regulus, however, is Sirius' little brother, and despite the last decade where they went from brothers to strangers to grievers and back to brothers, Sirius wants to protect Regulus from anything and everything. This includes potential heartbreak, which includes any form of a romantic relationship which includes James.

 

Sirius is also incredibly emotional and values healthy and open communication, which is where he and Regulus clash enormously and hiding the fact that he's gone from hating to tolerating to liking to loving his best friend in the space of 4 months without either of them saying a word to Sirius is going to go down terribly. 

 

The longer they leave it, the worse it's going to get, so is Regulus putting it off for as long as possible? Yes, he is.

 

He's waiting for a good time to tell Sirius, knowing that no time is a good time, and he figures that keeping his secret is easier than tearing everything apart.

 

He's happy now; he has his brother, a boyfriend and his two best friends back.

 

He's built a home out of a house of cards and wants to keep it standing for as long as possible before it all goes up in flames.

 

He doesn't know that the match has already been lit, and it's getting closer.

 

And closer.

 

And closer.

 

 

James barely makes it back to his room, where he continues screaming into his pillow before Sirius bursts in with Remus trailing behind him. This makes James roll over and smile dreamily at him, finding all the similarities between him and Regulus before he realises what he's doing and stares at him in horror.

 

"How did you get here?" he bursts out, rather ridiculously, given one or the other has been waking the other up since they were 11, and neither of them has ever questioned it.

 

Sirius just blinks at him. "I live here."

 

"Sorry, sorry", James says, fumbling over his words, "er, hello?"

 

Sirius blinks again, then, "James, it's 7.30 in the morning. Are you drunk?"

 

"I fucking feel like it", he replies, smiling helplessly as he replays Regulus' words in his mind. Before he knows it, the bed dips and the air is shoved out of his lungs as Sirius jumps on him and then lays down next to him. They're both staring at each other, and James looks at Sirius and tries desperately not to think about how he was in this exact same position with his brother 30 minutes ago and thinks of nothing else.

 

"Do you want to get drunk?" Sirius asks, his face inches away from James, who tries to remember what he was just asked.

 

He fails.

 

All he can think about right now is Regulus.

 

"Did you know your brothers' eyes are slightly darker than yours?" he says instead, which amusingly makes Sirius scowl in a very Regulus-like manner.

 

"I did funnily enough, and the little prick is an inch taller than me as well. I'm the hotter brother, of course, there's no competition, but he has the eyes and the height. My hair is better, though, which is the important part; Moony tell me my hair is better."

 

"Your hair is better", Remus says dutifully and monotonously, looking as though he regrets every decision that even led him to this moment.

 

Another scowl and then a smug nod where James once again sees the family resemblance, and he's trying to find something to say that won't out his and Regulus' relationship when Sirius thankfully changes the topic.

 

"So, how is my favourite dad-to-be?"

 

Sometimes, James forgets he's going to be a father.

 

He feels a bit like he's 5 years old and is about to start school for the first time. He knows that one day he'll be 18 and graduating Hogwarts, and he knows that one day he'll have a job and he'll have grown up and have to shave his chin like his dad does, but to a 5 year old, 13 years of school feels like a lifetime away.

 

He still feels 5 years old, and fatherhood is at the end of his 13 years of school, except he's not 5 anymore. 

 

He's a week shy of 21 years old and 4 months away from being a father.

 

He's excited.

 

He's terrified.

 

He's already so full of love for someone he's never even met.

 

"It feels surreal", he says honestly, staring back at Sirius. "We never planned for it, and it's not like we were still together when we, you know –"

 

"Had sex? Fucked? Shoved your dick –"

 

"Yes, yes, and yes", James replies hastily before Sirius can go on an unwanted tangent. "We were just seeing if we were still compatible, and sometimes it seems like the baby was a sign from Merlin himself to get back together even though neither of us want that anymore. Sometimes it's hard to know the right choice, though."

 

"James", Remus says, gently and firmly at the same time. "You are aware that Lily doesn't want you back, yes? So the choice to take her back has been and gone."

 

"No, no, I know that," James replies, and he truly does. "She likes Mary and I like –" Sirius' head swings around, his face lighting up in glee until James fumbles over his words to say, "I like to think that I'll like someone else someday", which Sirius immediately assures him that he will.

 

"I love you, Prongs, and if no one else sees it, you're always welcome to join Moony and me in our relationship if you never find someone else", Sirius says earnestly.

 

"No, you can not", Remus says without any room for argument before squinting at Sirius and saying, "sometimes I wonder why I love you."

 

Sirius, rather predictably, looks highly affronted as he says, "excuse me, Moony, what is that supposed to mean? Are you saying you don't love me?"

 

Remus stares at the ceiling and prays for strength before he looks back at Sirius, who is fake pouting and demanding attention, so he smiles softly as he reaches for his hand and says, "you know I do", and James watches as Sirius absolutely glows.

 

He's the opposite of Regulus, who tries to hide his emotions as if someone is going to catch him feeling anything and take it all away, so he's left as nothing more than a shell of who he could have been. It's the opposite of Sirius, who has always been loud and expressive as though someone has already tried to take parts from him, so now he has a point to prove.

 

They kiss, or rather Sirius kisses Remus, who shoves him away impatiently, gesturing at James and saying, "not all of us enjoy having an audience, Sirius", and so Sirius rips his hand away and goes to sit at the other end of the bed next to James who grins at him as Remus rolls his eyes.

 

"Are you sure you don't want to join this relationship? I get sick of Moony being mean to me all the time."

 

"Quite sure", James says hastily, laughing as Sirius scowls in offence before he leans back against the headboard and says honestly, "I have no idea how to raise a child; what am I going to do?"

 

Remus, the mature one, looks a bit hopeless at the prospect of raising a child, especially a baby. Surprisingly, Sirius has something helpful to say.

 

"Well, you've got me, haven't you, Prongs. So I'll help, I've already raised one, and it's not that hard. Even when they annoy the shit out of you, you just do it."

 

Twin expressions of confusion come from James and Remus, the latter looking at Sirius with something stricken in his expression as he says straight to the point, "who the fuck did you knock up, and why am I only finding this out now?" and the former who just says, "what?"

 

Sirius is also confused as he looks at Remus and says slowly, "I haven't got any children. You're my one and only Moony", and then looks at James and says, "what do you mean what?"

 

"I mean, what child did you raise and why are we only now finding out about it?" James elaborates, unaware of how he could have missed such a significant moment in his best friend's life –

 

"I'm talking about Reggie, you know parts of this," Sirius replies, looking at James like he's stupid for not realising what he was talking about. "The governesses helped when I was properly young, and then they supervised us growing up, but although I doubt Regulus would ever admit it, we both know I raised him."

 

"What do you mean you raised him?" James says again, "you were both children. Who raised you?"

 

"Well", Sirius says, frowning slightly in thought. "I raised myself, so I wouldn't turn out like our parents, and then I tried to raise Regulus the same which I thought I'd failed miserably at when he came to Hogwarts and became a Slytherin, but here we are now, back in the same house as two different people, despite everything."

 

James still looks lost and terrified at having a baby in his care in four months. "What if I drop the baby?" James whispers. "They're fragile, right? And they don't have all of their bones when they're born. They won't shatter, will they?"

 

Remus now looks terrified on the baby's behalf at the prospect of James being a father, but Sirius considers the question rather contemplatively.

 

"My earliest memory of Reggie is when he was 2, and I was 3, so I don't know about as a baby, but you dropping the baby once or twice can't be worse than a toddler being thrown down the stairs and crucioed."

 

"James, don't ever drop the baby", Remus cuts in firmly. "Sirius, your childhood isn't a benchmark for acceptable parenting, so stop spooking James out."

 

"I'm just saying," Sirius says flippantly.

 

"I'm not spooked," James says, looking remarkably spooked.

 

Remus sighs.

 

"I don't even know what gender the baby is yet, but I know I love them," James says, his eyes distant as he envisages the future again.

 

"We'd do anything for that baby, Prongs", Sirius says honestly, and Remus nods in agreement. "Anything at all."

 

James smiles at them.

 

"So would I."

 

 

Regulus bounds into Evan and Barty's room that they're still sharing 4 months later because "it would just be a hassle for one of us to move now", and senses a palpable tension in the air. Still, his guilty pleasure has always been hearing about other people's drama and today is no exception.

 

"What's going on between you two," Regulus says without any preamble. "I'm suffocating in the tension covering this room."

 

"There's no tension", Evan says at the same time Barty says, "fuck off, Regulus, you're not entitled to every part of our lives."

 

Regulus' eyes light up.

 

"Ah, so it's relationship drama", he says delightedly. "I'll interview you separately this afternoon unless you'd like to share now."

 

"I'd like for you to fuck off", Barty bites out, anger tinting his face red, but Regulus has never been afraid of Barty.

 

"And I'd like to hear the details of whatever has transpired, so do I need to drag you out of here and torture you for it or –"

 

"Let's go get brunch", Evan says, interrupting the pair before it turns into one of their physical arguments that they somehow both seem to enjoy, but although he thrives on war and violence, his exception is to its occurrence is when it's against Barty.

 

Regulus and Barty look at Evan like they've never seen him before, twin expressions of blatant scepticism and raised eyebrows, looking Evan up and down judgementally.

 

"Why the fuck would we go to brunch?" Barty asks.

 

"Why the fuck would I go to brunch with you?" Regulus adds, and Evan huffs, throwing a pair of shoes at Barty before he drags them out of the room.

 

"We're going to brunch and getting out of this fucking house", Evan snaps out, leaving Regulus and Barty staring at each other in mild alarm.

 

"Barty, what the fuck did you do to him?" Regulus hisses the moment that Evan's out of earshot. "Why is he having a crisis and taking us for brunch? Having a crisis is my thing."

 

Barty doesn't reply, just shoving him into a wall and walking faster down the hall, where he refuses to acknowledge any of his other questions.

 

"Would you rather I ask Evan?" he whispers as they're coming out of the kitchen, and next thing he knows, he's pinned against the hallway with Barty's forearm pressing on his windpipe.

 

"Don't. You. Fucking. Dare." Barty hisses out, eyes blazing. "You really want to know?" he asks, his forearm pressing harder, which makes Regulus' face start to go red, but he isn't trying to fight his way free. "Evan told me he liked me ages ago. I finally accept that I like him and tell him I like him back, and now he wants nothing to do with me, and that happened roughly 40 seconds before you entered our room, so neither of us have dealt with it yet, and we don't need you sticking your great fat head in our relationship –"

 

"Doesn't look like you have one yet –"

 

"Oh fuck you, Regulus", Barty practically shouts, shoving Regulus against the wall, who is simply letting him, watching in an amusedly detached manner as Barty yells obscenities at him and just genuinely throttles him, time and time again. He's just taking it so that Barty can let off some steam which has never been a problem between them before until –

 

"What are you – Crouch? Regulus! Get your hands off him! You're hurting him!"

 

James' horrified face appears in the doorway, his eyes flicking between Barty, his hand around Regulus' neck and Regulus' almost bored expression, and then he grabs his wand in his hand and seems at a loss as to what to do.

 

"Stop it, whatever this is, just stop – Regulus, why aren't you fighting him?"

 

"Don't need to", Regulus says, his voice a little strained from where his vocal cords were being crushed moments ago, and Barty looks at him in offence.

 

"I would beat you in a proper fight –"

 

"You would never –"

 

"I could try –"

 

"And fail because I'm better than you –"

 

"I'm sorry. Are you guys fighting, or is this normal?" James interrupts, looking helplessly lost and unsure if Regulus needs rescuing. "Like, what on Earth are you doing?"

 

Barty looks at James like he's stupid. "We're getting ready for brunch; what does it look like?"

 

"How is this getting you ready for brunch?" James asks incredulously. He's trying to deescalate the situation here, but Barty does not seem to have gotten the memo as he says, "well, I understand that you're still very new to having Regulus and taking him places, but might I remind you that I had him for years –"

 

James takes a furious step forwards at the same time Regulus yanks Barty back towards the door, hissing, "just because your relationship is turning to shit, doesn't mean you get to ruin mine, so go wait with Evan and suffer" before he shoves him out the front door and closes it behind him. He only has to wait a moment until, sure enough, he's being pulled towards James and kissed in that jealous way he adores. Then James is pulling away far too quickly, which makes Regulus frown and chase his lips until he feels James' fingertips dancing across his neck as he murmurs, "he didn't hurt you, did he? I don't like violence much, but I'd curse him if you asked. Light spells only, and they have to be reversible and painless, mostly."

 

God, I love you,  Regulus thinks fondly. "I'm fine, James", he says softly, "this is normal enough for us."

 

"I can't believe he hurt you", James says, ignoring Regulus' attempts to push his hands away that delicately trace the marks on his throat. "Fuck Crouch for doing this to you."

 

"Already done that," Regulus sings out, which predictably makes James tense in anger as he surges forwards again, his touch becoming needy and possessive, and only more intense as Regulus laughs, pleased with himself. Then, he's trying not to moan too loudly as James puts his lips to the bruise forming where Barty had hit him and sucks, all while running his fingers through his hair and up his chest.

 

"It's my mark on you now, not his", James says, panting slightly, and Regulus grips James' shoulders tightly to anchor him to the ground so that he doesn't float away.

 

A sharp knock on the front door, followed by an annoyed "hurry the fuck up", makes Regulus break away, still holding James' hand as he says, "I'm going out now; you'll be here when I get back, right?"

 

"Yeah, I'll be here", James promises, smiling. "Have fun. I miss you already."

 

"You're a sap, James Potter", Regulus replies, but he's the one who squeezes his hand and kisses his cheek before he opens the door, and he's the one who turns back and gives James a fond smile before he leaves.

 

"Fucking finally", Evan and Barty mutter in unison, looking at the other smiling, realise what the other is doing and then look away hastily. Regulus rolls his eyes and grabs their wrists as they disapparate to Diagon Alley, praying they sort out their relationship problems soon, lest Regulus is stuck third wheeling a fighting couple indefinitely.

 

 

Albus Dumbledore sees Regulus and his friends leave the house and smiles darkly.

 

It's time.

 

 

Only two minutes after Regulus has left, James hears the door slam open again. He walks back out of the kitchen, assuming Regulus has forgotten something, and he's eager to see him for a few short seconds before he leaves again, but it's not Regulus.

 

It's Lily.

 

And she's crying.

 

"Lily, Lily, hey", he says, rushing over towards her and wrapping her in a hug. "What's going on? Are you okay? Is the baby okay?" There's a long pause and a more frantic "is the baby okay?"

 

"The baby's fine for now, James, but I just got a message from Dumbledore. It's important, just, please come to Hogwarts with me," she says, sobbing out the last part, and there's no part of James that even thinks about refusing. 

 

"For now? The baby is fine for now? Lily. What? Yeah, of course, let's use the floo," he gets out, ushering her over hastily to the fireplace and having a sick and nervous feeling settle in his stomach as to whatever Dumbledore has called them for and whatever is getting Lily so worked up.

 

He's seen her cry, sure, but never like this.

 

Never like the world is on the cusp of ending.

 

They enter Dumbledore's office directly and see the man sitting behind his desk, his hands folded over and a grave expression on his face.

 

"Ah, Miss Evans, Mr Potter, I'm so glad that you got my message; I wish to speak to the both of you," he says, and James' heart lurches in his chest at the severe tone in his voice. It sounds like somebody has just died.

 

"Has someone died?" James blurts out in panic until his brain catches up to his mouth. "Lily said that this was about our baby. Is it okay? What do you know? Please, what is this about?"

 

"Nobody has died", Dumbledore answers in a reassuring tone that does little to actually reassure anyone. "I do, however, have news for you. Have you found out the gender of your baby?"

 

"No", James says confusedly while Lily whispers, "it's a boy."

 

James' head snaps around to her in betrayal, and tears begin falling down her cheeks again as she says, "I'm so sorry. I just found out this morning, I was going to come over tonight and tell you, but Professor Dumbledore called us in here first."

 

"No, no, I'm not mad", James replies truthfully, accepting the reasoning and exhaling in his chair, whispering "a boy" to himself and imagining them wearing matching quidditch sweaters and teaching him how to fly and showing him how to shave and –

 

Dumbledore's clearing of his throat jolts James out of his euphoric trance.

 

"Congratulations on what is, so far, a healthy baby boy; however, that confirms my suspicions."

 

"Suspicions about what?" Lily replies quickly, repeating herself louder and more desperately the longer Dumbledore stays quiet.

 

"I have heard a prophecy", he says eventually, "about a boy due to be born at the end of July, and I believe that that boy is your son."

 

Lily and James look at each other, twin expressions of fear on their faces, and James nods once and then bravely says, "what did the prophecy say?"

 

"The exact wording is irrelevant, and I understand your worry", Dumbledore says, his voice sympathetic. "However, I believe your son is in grave danger, and your lives are also in jeopardy. I have a safe house arranged for you, away from the Order, the Death Eaters, and those others who may be looking for you, tempted to vanquish you and your son for a chance at unfathomable power. It needn't be for long, only a month at most until the Order has detained all of those who may try to bring harm to you."

 

"What about friends, family?" James says hastily. "Is Potter Manor not safe? Or the House of Black? They're both ancient pureblood houses; can't we stay there?"

 

"I'm afraid, dear boy, that it is ancient purebloods who are looking to hunt down your son, and many of them have access to your homes. I can, of course, permit your friends and family to visit you when it's safe."

 

James, rather selfishly, doesn't want to give up his nights with Regulus and his days with Remus and Sirius. He doesn't want to leave his parents either; he thought that the time for all that was over when Regulus ended the war.

 

He's not denying Dumbledore's thinly veiled order, but he's not accepting it either. He's hesitating, trying to come up with another possibility, trying to find a way that won't divide everyone he loves apart again, but he's got nothing.

 

"Is there no other way?" he begins, begging his mind to come up with something, but he's got nothing.

 

"James, please," Lily pleads, her hand cupping her stomach protectively. "It's only a month; it's for our son. Please."

 

James thinks back to this morning when he swore he would do anything for his son.

 

It's only one month, and he can still write letters and have visits from his friends.

 

He'd die for his son, who he hasn't even met, and he's debating whether or not he can stay in a safe house for a month?

 

He's being selfish; it's only a month. 

 

"Okay," James says. "Okay. Can we wait until this afternoon or –"

 

"The sooner we leave, the safer your son will be", Dumbledore says sadly, as though he can see the difficulty of the decision that James isn't really making at all. "I can cast a spell to gather all your belongings into a trunk and bring them here if that will suffice?"

 

They both nod, and 10 minutes later, James and Lily have their bags packed and are scribbling letters to their friends and family on the desk.

 

"I've got one for my parents, one for Sirius and Remus, and one for Regulus", James says, pointing at the messily written names on the parchment. "The others will find out at the Order meeting tonight, I know, but give them the letters anyways. And you'll give this one to Regulus in case he doesn't come, won't you, Professor? I just want to explain everything, so he doesn't worry."

 

"I will make sure that they are delivered and will forward replies as I receive them," Dumbledore promises. "Now, are you ready to go?"

 

They reach for the portkey, and Dumbledore joins them on the trip, saying that the location should remain a secret just in case somebody tries to use a leglimency attack against them. Then, he ensures that they know how to get food, what the house's layout is, and what the wards' boundaries are.

 

"Thank you, Professor, honestly", Lily says, her undying trust in Dumbledore coming through in full flame as she curls another protective hand around her stomach, and James echoes her praises.

 

"Please don't forget the letters," James says as Dumbledore leaves, already excited for all of the replies, especially Regulus'. He wonders if he'll write them daily, so he still has a new secret to uncover every night.

 

"It is no problem, my children," he says genially. "And Mr Potter, you have my word. I will take my leave now but will remain in touch."

 

Dumbledore leaves the house through the front door and locks it behind him.

 

When he's sure that neither James nor Lily can see him, he smiles triumphantly.

 

 

Brunch is a disaster.

 

They ended up going to a muggle café because the minute they got to Diagon Alley, everyone flocked to Regulus excitedly until they saw who he was with, and half screamed in fright while the other half frantically called the aurors.

 

This was manageable until a woman recognised Evan and started spewing vitriol about how he should have stayed in prison and never seen the light of day again. This made Barty bring out his ex-Death Eater-vengeful-and-protective-boyfriend-except-they're-not-actually-dating persona for Evan, and his wand was out, and a curse that would have been debilitating at best was on his lips, so Regulus grabbed both of their arms and apparated them to Newport before there was a murder on their hands.

 

Regulus doesn't care about the repercussions of murder, but he's smart enough to know not to do it in Diagon Alley on a Thursday lunchtime.

 

So, they're in Newport in a small muggle café and Evan keeps trying to tap his wand to the menu to make his order but keeps setting it on fire, and Barty keeps glaring at the muggles as though he's trying to scare them away from making another comment about Evan again.

 

Then the food is average, Barty's pancakes are burnt, Evan's coffee is cold, and Regulus' smoked salmon is obviously a saltwater fish instead of a luxurious freshwater fish. When they go to pay, they all turn out their pockets and only find galleons.

 

Regardless, they eventually leave without causing any casualties, and Regulus can't wait to get home and tell James about it before they go to sleep. He will laugh and tell him they're hopeless even though he's even more clueless about muggles and their money than Regulus is. As they leave the café, Regulus can't help but shiver as he looks up to the sky and sees that the sun has been hidden behind dark storm clouds as though it's disappeared entirely.

 

It seems strangely ominous and foreboding, but Regulus can't figure out why. The feeling only worsens as they apparate home, and deep-rooted fear pools in his stomach.

 

Regulus knew Sirius and Remus were going on a trip on his stupid bike today, and James said he would be here, but the house feels empty.

 

When he casts homenum revelio, it reflects this.

 

"James?" he calls out instinctively, even though he knows he's not here, but the silence is making him nauseous.

 

Something feels wrong.

 

Maybe he went out on the bike with Sirius and Remus? Maybe he's gone to visit his parents? Maybe he just went out to buy some groceries? Him being out when Regulus gets home has never bothered him before, but it feels different now, and as Regulus enters his room, he stops short in the doorway.

 

His bed is made even though James was the last person to lie in it.

 

James never makes the bed, and the more Regulus stares at the crisp sheets and the fluffed-up pillows, the more he feels like throwing up.

 

It's like when you go stay in a hotel, and you're on holiday, so you leave the sheets rumpled and the blankets on the floor until the last day when you actually put the effort in to make the bed tidy for the cleaners even though you know that they're just going to take it all apart.

 

You make the bed to say thank you for keeping the room clean.

 

And goodbye.

 

But the more Regulus looks around the room, the more he realises that James couldn't even stick around for long enough to say it in person.

 

Regulus feels his body shaking and his world collapsing and his chest caving in.

 

Time stops, speeds up, and loses all sense of meaning as Regulus stares at all the places in his life that James used to inhabit until today.

 

He has disappeared completely, gone forever, with the only reminder of him existing exclusively in Regulus' memories.

 

There's no spare pair of glasses on the bedside table, there are no dress shirts hanging untouched in the wardrobe and there's no red and gold marble that James found on the side of the street and decided to use as an ink stopper laying on the desk.

 

There's no trace of James anywhere.

 

There's not even a note.
Notes:

    Good news, jegulus doesn't really get worse from here (but literally how much worse can realistically get)

    and the last line has been in the drafts since day 1 so this was always coming, but wholeheartedly fuck Dumbledore.

Chapter 22: Chapter 21: June 1979 - July 1979
Summary:

    Ghosts from the past.

Notes:

    Finally up! Half of this chapter came out of literally nowhere but it's quality content- more in the end notes.

    Practically every single comment on the last update was some variation of "fuck you" or "fuck Dumbledore" which was very amusing, and I cannot wait to write chapter 22 for you all.

    I'm working the next 6 days rip but can probably still have it up by Thursday? Friday? Next weekend at the latest.

    Hope you enjoy xx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

June 1979 – July 1979

 

Regulus takes a break from horcrux hunting following his birthday and his brother's patronus.

 

He gives himself a week.

 

It's a week of attempting to heal and never succeeding.

 

It's a week of sleeping all day to escape reality and staying up all night to watch the stars and dream of what could have been.

 

It's a week of hating himself for what he's done and everything good he's ever taken from somebody's life.

 

By the end of the week, he was hoping to be healed, but he thinks he's only gotten worse. Still, all he can do is glue himself together again and do what he does best; repress his emotions and keep moving forward, fighting against all the hands trying to drag him backwards.

 

And he wins every time.

 

Sometimes the tendrils of his trauma try to bring him back to the cave or suffocate him in memories and regrets, but Regulus has found that he can't feel scared or hopeless or depressed if he doesn't let himself feel anything at all.

 

He'll have time to feel when the war is over.

 

 

On the first of July, Regulus locks his occlumency shields in place and focuses on finding the next horcrux.

 

He has 2 leads to follow, 2 choices to make; he can go to Hogwarts and spend the indefinite future looking for whatever the horcrux is, or he can place where Bella hid her horcrux, hunt it down and destroy it.

 

The Hogwarts horcrux is a mystery, both in terms of object and location, and Regulus has no leads to follow and no clue where to begin.

 

For Bella's horcrux, though? He thinks he knows where it is.

 

There are only 4 options anyway.

 

The first option is that she gave it to someone else to hide, which also isn't an option at all because Bellatrix has an unhealthy infatuation at best with Voldemort and would have probably cuddled up to the horcrux like a teddy bear as she slept if it wasn't so dangerous that someone could have broken in and stolen it.

 

The second option is that she's hidden it somewhere in her house, which is once again unviable because Death Eater meetings are hosted there, and plenty of dark pureblood families are related to each other in far too many branches of the family tree. By hiding it in her house, she's literally asking to be robbed.

 

She's also intelligent enough to know that a house is one of the first places people would go looking for it, and being from a Dark family makes her prone to ministry raids at any given time. 

 

Lucius Malfoy was not this smart, so Regulus took his horcrux without difficulty.

 

The third option is that she just buried it somewhere no one ever goes and assumes no one will ever dig it up. However, like with the first option, Regulus rejects this idea because she loves Voldemort too much to let a part of him out of her possession.

 

So that leaves option four, the smartest option for her and the hardest option for Regulus.

 

Gringotts.

 

Regulus' two options for the foreseeable future are Gringotts or Hogwarts.

 

Gringotts or Hogwarts.

 

Bellatrix or Dumbledore.

 

It's not exactly a hard choice to make.

 

Regulus would rather risk being captured and locked in a Gringotts vault for all eternity than have to deal with Dumbledore just yet. Although he knows that everything he does is a charade and that he's actually an awful person who manipulates the world into celebrating his child soldiers, there's something else about Dumbledore that Regulus hasn't uncovered yet. There's something darker and sinister and much more dangerous about him that makes Regulus aware he has to exercise as much caution as possible when he's in his vicinity.

 

So, Gringotts it is because fuck Dumbledore, and the longer he can stay away from him, the better the both of them will be.

 

The problem with breaking into Gringotts is that Regulus doesn't really know where to begin, so he's hoping that being the ex-heir of the House of Black will mean he still has access to every member of the Black family's vaults.

 

There's a slight chance that Bella hid her horcrux in the Lestrange Family Vaults, but Regulus thinks it's unlikely. The Black Family ones are much darker and much more protected and are in a much deeper recess in the underground vaults, so he's hoping that it will be an easy in-and-out trip; just show his wand, gain access, and leave, but he's also aware that he's being naïve.

 

It won't be easy.

 

Regulus is a product of nepotism and has always had more money than most people could have ever dreamed of, but he would say that his life has not once been easy, and today will be no exception.

 

He's too far into his horcrux hunt to give up now, but he genuinely doesn't have a clue on how to break into Gringotts, so he's praying that it will be enough to use his position as the ex-heir of the House of Black to gain access.

 

If all goes to plan, Regulus will go in alone, come out with a horcrux, and nobody but a select goblin will be any the wiser.

 

It sounds simple, but he doesn't really see how difficult it can be when he is a Black and has a literal birthright to anything and everything in the vaults. He's in the main branch of the family line, and anything Bella has had to fight tooth and nail to even have the chance at attainting, Regulus has had handed to him on a silver platter.

 

She thinks people need to work long and hard to gain leverage over her, but Regulus was born with it.

 

He was born better.

 

And he'll prove it today.

 

 

Diagon Alley is crowded, as usual, and it makes Regulus nauseous.

 

He's not nervous, but he also hasn't been exposed to this many people in almost a year and a half by now, and he's finding himself rather ridiculously overwhelmed.

 

Regulus has been fighting this war alone for a year and a half, and it never leaves his mind. The war has consumed him entirely, and he finds himself almost cursing a woman who looks harmlessly in his general direction before realising what he's doing.

 

Everything he does, everything he thinks, everything he knows is about the war, but these people are going shopping and laughing like there's something to celebrate.

 

They're wearing the rose-tinted glasses that Regulus lost years ago, and he's one of the only people who see how the world is now.

 

It's grey.

 

Bleak and colourless.

 

Lifeless and soul-sucking.

 

Dull, monochrome and uninviting.

 

It's grey.

 

Gringotts and its white marble pillars are practically a beacon against the monotony of wanted posters and barricaded windows of recently raided shops, and Regulus heads towards it, walking faster and faster in an effort to have the entire ordeal over with as quickly as possible.

 

Go in, gain access to the vault, grab the horcrux and leave; it can't go wrong.

 

He takes a deep breath and enters.

 

 

"We cannot give you access to the Black Family Vault", Bludnuk, the Black Family account manager, tells Regulus. "We can give you access to your trust fund vault; however, only the Lord of the House of Black and the heir can access the Black Family Vault. Any family member can add items to it, but only those with a position in the familial hierarchy can remove it unless they are the one who added the item in the first place."

 

Fuck.

 

"Who is the current Lord of the Family?" Regulus asks, hoping the answer isn't who he thinks it is –

 

"It is Mister Sirius Black."

 

Double Fuck.

 

Regulus isn't going to go running to his long-estranged brother for this; there's absolutely no chance of it.

 

He hates his brother. He loves his brother.

 

The further away he is from the war and from Regulus, the safer he is.

 

"Who is the current heir?" Regulus asks; it can't be him since Sirius still thinks that he's dead and Sirius hasn't got a child or anyone else in the family tree that he'd want to give the title to, but whoever it is, maybe Regulus can go through them instead –

 

"Mister Sirius Black has elected to not choose an heir. In the event of his death, he has elected to donate every item and galleon in the repertoire of Black Family Vaults to various wizarding and muggle charities and for a statue of a 1978 Harley Davidson FLH to be built in Islington Square", Bludnuk says formally and professionally. Still, the answer is so stupid, so ridiculous, so Sirius, that Regulus can't help but laugh slightly, and it feels foreign after the last year and a half he has had.

 

Bludnuk looks incredibly offended that Regulus had the nerve to laugh at him in such a serious business environment, and Regulus gives hasty apologies as he composes himself and tries to figure out what to do.

 

No matter what he tries and what argument he gives, and what bribes he offers, Bludnuk is steadfast in his refusal. Regulus couldn't give a shit about most humans, but he's not about to use an unforgivable on an innocent Goblin just to get his way.

 

He can't access the vault on his own.

 

He's not bringing his brother into this war.

 

He's not sacrificing Goblins' lives for Voldemort; one house elf was already more than enough.

 

If he can't find a way in legally, then it's going to have to be illegal. The law has never stopped him from living his life, but he can't have any trace of his actions being reported back to Bella or Voldemort.

 

It's okay, though; he knows what to do next.

 

He needs to break the law and break into Gringotts while everybody's watching without anybody suspecting a thing.

 

And what better person to help him than the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement?

 

 

Crouch Estate looks the same as it did when Regulus visited in the holidays during fourth, fifth and sixth year.

 

In fourth year, Evan came too, and they spent the entire time hanging out as a trio, happy to spend time with each other and escape their parents, if only for a brief reprieve from what awaited them behind closed doors.

 

In fifth and sixth year, Evan was invited a lot less frequently as Regulus and Barty spent the entire time locked in the bedroom, kissing, talking, fighting and fucking. The one time that Evan came over uninvited probably traumatised him for life, so it was mostly just Regulus and Barty enjoying their relationship behind locked doors and avoiding the consequences of reality for as long as they could.

 

Now, as Regulus walks into the estate, knowing that Barty won't be there unless he's already gone back to kill his father before Regulus could interrogate him, he's hit with a wave of nostalgia as he sees all of the parts of himself that he found here, and all of the parts of himself that he left behind.

 

He could never be himself at Grimmauld Place, but he could always be close to who he wanted to be with Barty. As he walks up the drive, he can't help but find memories here as he's reminded of who he wanted to be and who he knows he never could have been.

 

There's the bush that they both slept under the first time they had firewhiskey and hadn't quite realised that it was 3 times as strong as wine until they were throwing up on the driveway and crawling into the garden to stay warm, knowing they couldn't make it back into the house.

 

His mother would have tortured him if she ever found out.

 

There's the table by the front door that used to have a vase on it until Barty threw it at Regulus once in anger, and there's a bookshelf further down the hallway that used to have a crystal ornament on it until Regulus threw it back.

 

His father would have spelled each fragment to cut Regulus.

 

There's the fireplace in the sitting room that Regulus used to sneak through.

 

His mother would have locked it indefinitely had she known.

 

There's the kitchen where they both used to cause fires every time they cooked because neither of them knew what they were doing.

 

His father would have tortured Kreacher for not serving the House of Black properly.

 

Then, there's the one room at the end of the hallway that Regulus has never entered; he's never had a reason to. 

 

Until now.

 

Because there at the desk in a high leatherback chair writing with grand, majestic quills is Barty Crouch Senior.

 

The room is locked and warded before he's even recognised who is standing in front of him.

 

"I wasn't expecting to see my disappointment of a son so soon, Bartemius Junior –"

 

"Take his name out of your mouth," Regulus says furiously, a sharp stinging hex accompanied by a nonverbal incarcerous making Crouch Sr look up in alarm, fumbling over his words and blinking rapidly at the boy he's never really met but like the rest of the Wizarding World, knows his name anyways.

 

"Regulus Black?" he says confusedly, panicked, fruitlessly pulling at his bonds. "How did you find me here? Where did you come from? What do you want from me?"

 

"I'm so glad you're in such a helpful mood", Regulus replies, equal parts sweet and condescending, before he loses his smile as his face goes blank with danger written all over it. "I want you to tell me how I can break into Gringotts."

 

Crouch Sr looks at him like he's stupid.

 

"You can't", is all he replies at first until a threatening rise of Regulus' wand makes him expand hurriedly. "It's impossible, it's a fortress and I am a Government Official who fulfils their role with integrity. Now I command that you untie me and come to the Ministry of Magic willingly, or I will have to use force."

 

"I didn't ask if it was impossible; I asked how I'm going to do it," Regulus says, clearly enunciating each word and getting sick of waiting, the longer Crouch Sr stays quiet.

 

"I said –" Regulus goes to repeat.

 

"It's impossible! You can't do it! This is breaking and entering, and I will call the aurors!" Crouch Sr wails.

 

He's borderline hysterical, and he's only been cursed once.

 

So far.

 

There's a fine line Regulus will have to walk between Crouch Sr giving answers in fear for his life and becoming catatonic with fear.

 

His right hand reaches slowly across the desk, straining against his bonds as he struggles to reach his wand, but Regulus gets to his faster.

 

Regulus' wand moves downwards at the same time Barty Crouch Sr's arm falls to the ground.

 

He screams in agony, and Regulus watches dispassionately as he says, "bit hard to reach your wand now, isn't it?"

 

Foolishly, Crouch Sr immediately tries to use his left hand to reach his wand on the right side of his desk, and he barely has to twitch before that falls to the floor too.

 

He's sitting at his desk, bleeding from both his shoulders, tears falling down his cheeks in a mixture of pain and fear from being unable to take two simple cutting curses.

 

Pathetic. 

 

Regulus considers crucioing him just to toughen him up but decides to save it for later; it wouldn't do break him before he's gotten what he wants to know.

 

"Answer my question", he says in a deadly tone of voice, revelling in the way Crouch Sr flinches. "Answer my question, or the next limb to go will be your head."

 

Crouch Sr seems to realise that he's not fucking around. His entire body wilts in resignation, and Regulus is almost pleased until he hears his next words.

 

"Well then", he says, looking stoically at Regulus despite the terror in his eyes. "I guess I'm about to die."

 

Barty always said that he hated his dad and that they are nothing alike, but at this moment, Regulus can see exactly where he got his stubbornness from.

 

It's as equally as inconvenient and frustrating on both father and son.

 

Regulus raises his wand, hoping to instil enough fear for him to blurt out the truth, but it doesn't work.

 

Crouch Sr is afraid, there's no way that anyone can deny that, but he's still not giving Regulus what he wants to know, only crying out a panicked, "I'm sorry, you have to believe me, I don't know anything. Gringotts is unbreakable. I'm telling you there's nothing we can do at the ministry. We're two separate branches, and we couldn't manage the Goblins even if we tried."

 

Unfortunately, Regulus can tell that he's telling the truth, which means that his only choice is to literally break into Gringotts since he refuses to drag Sirius into this war.

 

Instead of voicing his dissatisfaction, he falls victim to the weak side of him once more as he tries to find an answer to something that's been on his mind more often than not for the past 2 years.

 

"How's Barty?" he asks as though it's casual dinnertime conversation, leaning casually against the doorway as Crouch Sr sobs silently in his chair. "How's your son?"

 

Despite the pain and fear that he's undoubtedly in, Crouch Sr swells in anger. "That boy is staining the good name that I've worked hard to gain its reputation, and it pains me greatly to watch him watch the world burn while I do everything to extinguish the flames."

 

He's panting in genuine anger, genuine fury at the concept, but Regulus really couldn't care less; whatever Barty has done, Regulus has undoubtedly done much worse.

 

He doesn't care about morals; he cares about Barty.

 

"Elaborate," he says harshly. Luckily, Crouch Sr deems this a safe enough topic to listen to Regulus on, even though it does nothing to dull his increasing anger.

 

"That boy is no son of mine, and I will not stand for the activities he partakes in. Following he-who-must-not-be-named, torturing those who I devote my life to protect, consorting with men –"

 

Regulus didn't care about the first two points, he used to follow Voldemort and he's literally torturing someone right now, but for Barty to have announced that he and Regulus used to date? Was it something done posthumously as a tribute to him? Did his parents know before he killed them? Does Sirius –?

 

"He's had plenty of conquests and been seen countless times since he graduated with countless men. I did not raise him to be bedding men, let alone the likes of the Lestranges and that Rosier boy –"

 

Regulus casts a sharp stupefy and then sits back on the couch, feeling slightly numb.

 

He doesn't know why that sentence feels like betrayal.

 

No, he and Barty were never officially dating, and no, they never would have had the chance if Regulus was still going to be a part of the House of Black, but it doesn't dull the sharp stab of pain that flows through him, at the fact that Barty moved on from him before Regulus had even realised that they were over.

 

He's not heartbroken or anything, his love for Barty has faded into platonic over time, and he knows that pre-war and mid-war them are two separate couples, no longer compatible, but he still has a heavy feeling in his chest at the prospect of never seeing him again.

 

They're friends now, or have the potential to be if they both don't die, and Barty doesn't hate Regulus once he finds out what he's done, but he'll always be Regulus' first love, and that's something he'll always treasure.

 

He was Regulus' first love, and he's afraid that he'll also be his last because he doesn't know if there's anyone else out there who will be able to deal with his attitude and his moods and his long, long list of insecurities.

 

He means to leave and not dwell unnecessarily on the past and everything that could have been, but before he oblivates Barty Crouch Sr, he stupefies him again for good riddance and creeps up the hallway into Barty's room. He's wondering if it's changed since he started seventh year because Regulus isn't under any delusion that Barty ever came home again after he found a new home with the Death Eaters, away from Hogwarts and away from Regulus.

 

The room is familiar yet foreign at the same time.

 

Regulus spent countless nights here under the familiar bedcovers staring out the familiar window with the familiar view, but at the same time, he and his Barty were a fever dream.

 

They were young and they were naïve and they were in love.

 

They're not young anymore; they're only eighteen, but they've aged decades in the last two years.

 

They were naïve, but they're disillusioned by the harsh nature of war; it takes everything you have, everything you are, and gives you nothing in return.

 

And they were in love.

 

Past tense.

 

They were 11 meeting on the Hogwarts Express.

 

They were 13 when they became best friends.

 

They were 15 when they wanted to be more.

 

They were 16 when they kissed each other, when they had each other, when they loved each other.

 

They were 17 when the war tore them apart, forever disjointed and forever thinking about what they could have been.

 

They're both 18 now, and Regulus is looking through Barty's sixth-year potions textbook and his fourth-year charms textbook, where he sees crude drawings along the margins that he remembers telling Barty off about. He sees the wand that his father bought for him that Barty abandoned the moment he'd saved up 7 galleons by himself by cursing younger students for older Slytherin students.

 

Regulus sees himself in the photo of the two of them, folded up tightly and hidden at the back of his desk drawer, and Regulus wonders if it's a metaphor for their relationship.

 

Always out of sight, never seen, a necessary secret, with both wishing they could frame the photo on the wall, hold hands in the hallway, and just be.

 

Just be allowed to be.

 

The photo is of him and Barty at the start of sixth year. Regulus had just gotten the mark, and he was trapped in a deep spiral of constant self-loathing, and he was terrified that Barty would hate him too.

 

He hadn't seen him since he got back, blowing off his requests to hang out during the holidays, knowing that there was no chance Barty could come over to Grimmauld Place to find Regulus. Then, he had come to Hogwarts and ignored him relentlessly, warding his bedcurtains and avoiding him at any given moment until Barty finally cornered him during the first Hogsmeade weekend. Regulus had made the reluctant trip to Honeydukes to stock up on fizzing whizbees when he had seen Barty standing outside with six boxes in his hand, his face set into a permanent scowl, glaring at anybody who dared look at him until it softened as he saw Regulus stalking up the high street getting closer and closer until he had frozen, staring at Barty who stared back.

 

Regulus had turned to run again when a hand around his wrist stopped him.

 

Familiar and foreign.

 

Too much and not enough.

 

Barty.

 

"Stop running", he says exasperatedly before he adds a softer, "you have no idea how hard I've been trying to catch you."

 

Regulus still hadn't moved.

 

The truth was about to come out, and Barty was going to hate him, and Regulus was going to go back to being alone again when Barty had huffed in frustration at his silence and said, "I knew you'd be coming here, so I got these for you", gesturing to the boxes of Fizzing Whizbees which had Regulus stop glaring as intensely as usual which Barty recognised to be the equivalent of Regulus smiling.

 

Regulus had let Barty drag him to a quieter location on the edge of the woods and decided to ruin their not-relationship now before it got any better and made it any harder to give up when it all inevitably fell apart.

 

It'll be easier to push Barty away and drive them apart before Barty gets close enough to break up with him.

 

Until he gets close enough to tell him that he's not good enough.

 

Again.

 

"I've got the mark", he had said without any pleasantries. It's common knowledge throughout the ancient pureblood families, but Regulus knows Barty would have already confronted him about it if he knew. "I got it over summer, so I'm guaranteed to be a Death Eater now, and you can just break up with me now to make it easier in the long run –"

 

Barty had cut him off with a quick kiss to his lips which was, not what he was expecting.

 

"I knew you would've gotten caught up about something stupid", he had said, laughing, which made Regulus think he'd missed the joke if there was one. "You really think that I would give a fuck –"

 

It's Regulus who had kissed him first that time, the relief of knowing he hadn't lost Barty just yet giving him the funny floaty flying feeling more than a box of Fizzing Whizbees ever could.

 

They'd met up with Evan later that day, who had simply smirked at the pair of them, saying nothing, but he'd shown them his latest purchase; a magical polaroid camera which they had obviously had to test out dozens of times until Evan had run out of film and had to buy some more.

 

At 16, Regulus had the weight of his parents' expectations crushing him, but he had Barty, who breathed air back into his lungs.

 

Regulus never thought he'd take either of them for granted, but here he is at 18 with neither.

 

And he's still suffocating.

 

He's staring at the photo of the two of them, the one Barty had evidently deemed it necessary to keep, hidden in the darkest recesses of his room.

 

A secret never told and never forgotten.

 

He was happy in that photo; he wasn't faking smiles, and his eyes weren't dead.

 

He was happy, and he was in love, and he was naïve.

 

He's grown up now.

 

The photo is nostalgic rather than heartbreaking as he realises that while he loves Barty and always will, he doesn't love him the way he used to because he's moving forward with his life.

 

He's moving on.

 

Either that, or he's repressed so much that he's also lost his ability to love.

 

Regulus walks out of the room, mindlessly obliviating Barty Crouch Sr on the way out with one hand grasping his wand and his other hand gripping the photo tightly in his pocket.

 

When everything gets too hard, and it all seems hopeless, at least he'll have a reminder of back when he remembered what happiness was.
Notes:

    Did anyone ask for 1.5k words of bartylus? No but here you are anyways.

    Also Crouch Sr ended up being slightly iconic which once again wasn't what I was going for but never mind.

    Also I'm sure you've realised it's a jegulus fic if you've gotten this far, but no there will be no more bartylus content (except possibly in the rosekiller interlude as a flashback from their schooldays????) but yeah, no more bartylus, only jegulus and rosekiller in the main fic from here on out xx

Chapter 23: Chapter 22: March 1981
Summary:

    It's not over.

Notes:

    Well.

    Rough start, good ending. That's all.

    Next chapter out by next Sunday for sure, probably sooner but giving myself until then since I have a very busy week coming up.

    I cannot wait for you to read it and I suppose this is kind of the peak of the story? Or the turning point? Even though there's been multiple??? Only 4 chapters of each plotline left :((((( plus your 3 interludes and epilogue.

    Can't wait to wake up to your comments tomorrow xx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

March 1981

 

Sometimes Regulus wonders if he was put on this Earth just to give inspiration to others.

 

Not in a "hey! Look what Regulus is doing; you should aspire to be like him!" sort of way, but in a "no matter how bad it seems, no matter how bad things are, at least you're not him. You're doing fine, because you're not him."

 

Because here he is now, slowly caving in on himself, his senses diluted by the pain thrumming through his body, as he slips to the ground, barely able to tell where the floor ends, and he begins.

 

He's feeling nothing and everything at the same time.

 

He's feeling nothing because, without James, he is nothing.

 

Because he thought James was the exception, but now James has treated him like everyone else does, like he's nothing.

 

Because now, every time he looks in a mirror, he's going to see everything they used to be and everything they have the potential to become.

 

Absolutely nothing.

 

To James, Regulus was nothing more than a toy to throw away when he got bored; when he got close enough to see the peeling paint and the chipped edges of Regulus and moved on to newer, shiner things.

 

At the same time, Regulus feels everything because, with James, he is everything.

 

Because James saw him. Because James made him believe in life and believe in himself, and believe in happiness. Because James was everything to him.

 

He feels the lingering glances that turned into casual touches until there was nothing casual left about them.

 

He feels the stars in the sky and his feet on the ground, and the breath in his lungs.

 

He feels the grey sky that James painted blue for him.

 

James makes him feel.

 

James made him feel.

 

And now that he's gone, Regulus feels cold, broken and empty as he leans limply against the doorframe and falls apart.

 

He's weeping, breaking, stretching and shattering as he feels every touch, every kiss and every hello.

 

More than anything, though, he's feeling the first goodbye.

 

Except it wasn't goodbye.

 

It was abandonment.

 

First his brother, now James, and a sharp pang of fear runs through Regulus at the prospect that Sirius is leaving him again too, following wherever his new brother goes and leaving his blood brother behind.

 

Again.

 

James clearly doesn't have a heart, but it's not like it matters; he's going to have Regulus' until the end of time whether he wants it or not.

 

He's going to have it whether Regulus likes it or not, but he thinks it's for the best really that he gives it away; if he doesn't have a heart, he's not going to fall in love and fall for any other tricks like this, so really, he's just protecting himself.

 

After all, loving someone has only ever caused him pain.

 

 

Regulus gets home from brunch just after midday and spends the entire time sobbing into an empty room. Every time his tears subside for long enough for the room to define edges, he catches sight of the lack of chocolate frog cards under the bed, the lack of snacks on the mantelpiece and the complete and utter lack of James. 

 

 Then the cycle starts again.

 

It feels catastrophic, like the world should have been destroyed, irrevocably like Regulus, flooded and flattened from the sheer amount of tears that still haven't stopped.

 

He's drowning in his tears, drowning in pain and grief and loss and heartbreak, and doesn't know how to make it stop, so he lies on the floorboards, curls into himself, wishing James was here to hold him and weeps as he realises that he's not and he never will be again.

 

He's expecting to see cracks in the walls and the floor caving in, the entire world collapsing in on itself in the same way his is, but each time he looks up, nothing's changed.

 

To most people, it's just an empty room.

 

To Regulus, it's cataclysmic.

 

He always thought that James was the sun, warming his soul and bringing light to his life, but while the sun is pretty from afar, it dangerous if you get too close.

 

It's a flaming hot ball of fire, and like Icarus, like Regulus, people don't realise that until they're close enough to feel the heat.

 

And Regulus didn't just feel the heat.

 

He threw himself into it, bright lights hiding hot flames and dancing shadows enticing him forwards, and now he's scalded himself, burnt to pieces, damaged, distressed and in unfathomable amounts of pain.

 

The opposite of fire is water, though, and James burnt Regulus in the same way the cave drowned him, the flames destroying him from the outside in as the cave did it from the inside out.

 

James and the cave are one and the same, threatening to kill him with the pain they gift him, except there's one key difference between them.

 

If Regulus ever saw the cave again, he'd run. He'd run away and never look back.

 

If Regulus ever sees James again, he'd run too. He'd run towards him and take the pain of him leaving just so he could experience the thrill of the illusion of having him,

 

Of loving him,

 

Of him.

 

Have me.

 

Discard me.

 

Love me.

 

Hate me.

 

Do what you want, he thinks, so long as it's with me.

 

 

Sirius doesn't think he's ever felt this good and that there is anything that could possibly bring him down.

 

The first time he kissed Remus is a close second.

 

The day they became official is a close third.

 

But nothing can compare to this.

 

He's breathless.

 

He's living.

 

He's elated. 

 

He's engaged.

 

He's engaged to Remus Lupin, and in however many months it takes for them to plan the wedding and make it official, Sirius will say good fucking riddance to an eternity of tradition and marry a man and take his last name.

 

This time next year, he'll be Sirius Lupin.

 

And he can't wait.

 

He can't wait for his friends to celebrate it, for his ex-family to rage about it and for the Daily Prophet to spread the news around the world.

 

He can't wait for James, his best friend, to be his best man.

 

He can't wait for Regulus, his brother, to just be there. At fifteen and eighteen, he thought his brother would never come to his wedding for two entirely different reasons, but despite all odds at twenty-one, Regulus is here, of his own volition, with Sirius.

 

Even living in Grimmauld Place can't dampen his spirit; he's got his brother, his best friend, his fiancé and his brother's two annoying friends who are surprisingly tolerable most of the time, and as he lands his motorbike on the front lawn, grinning, and pulling an equally ecstatic Remus Lupin with him, he doesn't think that there is anything that could bring his mood down.

 

He thinks that until he enters the front door, about to make the announcement, when Evan Rosier comes out of the sitting room looking grim but trying to hide it.

 

He looks like somebody has died.

 

He wouldn't give a shit if James had, which means he's looking like this for –

 

"Reggie? Is he okay? Why are you looking at me like that?" he blurts out frantically, grasping Remus' hand tighter and barely feeling how he grips it back, equally as tight in an effort to be reassuring.

 

Evan is anything but reassuring as he says simply, "it's your brother."

 

Every trace of happiness drains away at once, and he's about to demand desperate explanations until Evan continues, saying, "he won't leave his room."

 

Sirius stops understanding.

 

"Okay?" he replies slowly, not quite understanding the significance of the situation and why Evan looks so solemn. "He's always being an anti-social hermit. I don't get why –"

 

"None of us can get in", Evan interrupts him, looking stressed, and now that Sirius focuses, he can hear Barty's voice upstairs, low, constant and more strained than usual, followed by silence and the complete and utter lack of response from Regulus. "We came home, and the moment we got through the front door, he froze like he'd been possessed and then raced off to his room. Now get in there and sort him out."

 

Sirius glances back towards Remus, hoping he won't be annoyed that their engagement announcement has been derailed, but he just smiles softly, squeezes his hand and says, "go to your brother; I'll hunt out James."

 

"Don't tell him until I'm there, though," Sirius says, kissing his cheek quickly, and Remus gives him a fond look in response.

 

Sirius heads up the stairs towards Regulus' room, wondering if he's having a breakdown, if he's just being dramatic, or if someone has died. He really doesn't know what he was expecting to happen, but it wasn't for the wards to not let him in.

 

The moment he realises he's touching magic and not the door handle, his stomach plummets in fear; Regulus has kicked him out before, it happens every few weeks when they wind each other up enough for the teasing to become too cruel or too relatable, but he's never been locked out before without saying something first.

 

No matter what he tries or how much he begs, Regulus stays firmly inside his room, and Sirius stays firmly outside it.

 

 

Regulus somehow finds that he's stopped crying and has lost himself to the numbness that shock brings. He's staring blankly at the wall, not okay, and even though James is the one who put him here in the first place, he wishes he were here.

 

James would want to know that I'm not okay,  Regulus thinks, the words breaking through his blank mind. I have to find him, I have to tell him, he'd want to help.

 

Despite the tears, hurt, and the remnants of his naivety going up in smoke, Regulus still hasn't quite processed the fact that James has left him and isn't coming back.

 

Come back,  he thinks desperately, losing himself in the spiral of his mind and his whirlpool of thoughts.

 

Come back, James,  he thinks. I'm here. I'm waiting.

 

 

Sirius keeps trying to get in Regulus' door, but nothing works.

 

The agonised wails faded into desperate sobs, and now there is silence, which would concern Sirius enough to wonder if Regulus was dead if it weren't broken by the occasional whimper or a quiet "please" or "where are you" however, Sirius hasn't figured out who he's talking to.

 

He and Barty come to a shared unspoken agreement that Regulus will come out when he's ready and that they both can check the wards periodically. Sirius hasn't forgotten the time Regulus had a nightmare, and the wards practically summoned him to the room, and he's trusting that it'll warn him again if his brother needs him.

 

It still doesn't stop him from rechecking if the wards let him in every few minutes as he tries to find James, and it's almost 20 minutes before he's checked the entire house.

 

Call it coincidental, but Sirius swears he hears Regulus' sobs start again when he calls out James' name.

 

Still, James isn't here, and Sirius knows he didn't tell him that he was going to his parent's house today, but whatever, it's not like they're best friends who tell each other everything. 

 

Maybe he's at his parent's house, maybe he's at Lily's, and they're going straight to the Order meeting tonight that Sirius is still boycotting, but he'll come back afterwards.

 

He's not worried.

 

Remus doesn't go to the Order meeting either that night, partly in solidarity with Sirius and partly because he also literally just got engaged. The only time he and Sirius have been more than a metre apart today is when Sirius periodically left their room to check Regulus' wards, which, nine hours later, still wouldn't let anyone in.

 

Sirius knows trying to force Regulus to do anything only ends up in the opposite happening, but the fact that he's locked himself in his room, apparently feeling so fragile and so broken he won't even let Sirius in concerns him far more than he's letting on.

 

He's seen Regulus in every possible state, even if it's always been with pre and post-Hogwarts Regulus. It's the same person, the same Regulus, his same little brother.

 

But he doesn't know what the problem is, doesn't know how he can help, and he's terrified that the rekindling of their brotherhood, the healing that they'd begun, has reached its peak and plateaued and is now starting its downfall.

 

Sirius doesn't want to voice it in case he jinxes it into coming true, but he's almost beside himself with the fear that he's twelve all over again, the last decade wiped out from history as he watches his brother withdraw, hiding behind locked doors and locking the parts of himself away. Gone is his little brother who wanted to be a writer and used to be afraid of the dragonflies in the garden, instead replaced by a mask, a living embodiment of toujours pur, everything his parents always wished Sirius would be, everything Sirius always thought Regulus wanted to be.

 

Sirius doesn't want to look at Regulus and only see reminders of who they used to be, but right now, he feels like they're standing on either side of the door with a chasm too deep to cross between them.

 

He wants to help Regulus, he needs to help Regulus, but he's losing more and more parts of himself the longer he realises that he no longer knows how.

 

 

Regulus wants his brother, he always wants his brother, but at this moment, he really just wants James.

 

He's safer to love.

 

He doesn't expect James to come back, and if he does, he expects him to leave again, so he tells himself it'll hurt less and less each time and that he'll only be blindsided by the first betrayal.

 

But Regulus also wants his brother, he always wants his brother, but he doesn't want to tell him why he needs him. He doesn't want to be weak again, a burden, someone who makes it a chore to love them. He doesn't want him to do the same thing as James and leave.

 

Regulus wasn't lying when he told Sirius he wouldn't survive if he lost him for a third time.

 

Regulus still hasn't moved since midday, sobbing settled back into alarming apathy as he stares out the window, practically unseeing until he realises that the sun is setting, dipping below the horizon and every trace of hope that Regulus had of James returning to him disappears too.

 

The sky turns black, and so does Regulus' world; after all, life can't have colour without the sun.

 

 

James has been in the safe house for twelve hours, it's 11pm now, and he doesn't know why Sirius hasn't called, messaged, or visited.

 

He knows Regulus is less likely to visit because he gets worked up about ridiculous things and is probably self-conscious about Lily being there, even though James already told him that she knew about their relationship. Regulus had only scowled at this and tightened his grip more possessively from where he was wrapped around James, but Sirius should be here.

 

Sirius is always here for him.

 

He was here by his side from the moment they met on the Hogwarts Express, and James doesn't think he ever really left his side after that.

 

He was here by his side when he failed his first Astronomy test and when Lily rejected him the first, tenth, and nineteenth time. He was here when she said yes on the twentieth, and he was here when he found out he was going to become a father, and he doesn't know why he isn't here now that he wants him.

 

Now that he needs him.

 

It's not like any part of the letter he sent him sounded like he was doing okay.

 

Maybe he did something wrong? But Sirius can't be angry at him for protecting his son, can he? Especially when it's literally his godson he's protecting, but is he angry? Does he even have the right to be? 

 

James can feel his thoughts getting tangled, and as much as he loves Lily, she never could make his mind go quiet like Regulus can or find a way to match the intensity of thoughts like Sirius.

 

Regulus hasn't sent him a letter yet, and James hopes he's not too upset by what he wrote; he assumes he'll understand.

 

Sirius also hasn't made contact, and James decides to stop himself from overthinking into a panic attack by just tackling the problem head-on.

 

First, he'll try to see if an owl is waiting outside for him; maybe it's a new location, and it got lost. Or it's outside the wards?

 

He tries, but the front door is locked.

 

Where is the key?

 

Second, he tries to floo call Grimmauld Place to talk to Sirius and hopefully Regulus if he can get him alone for long enough, but there's no floo powder on the mantlepiece.

 

Maybe Dumbledore forgot to leave it? 

 

Third, James tries to Accio the floo powder he knows he leaves in his trunk, but it's not there.

 

He feels slightly uneasy, as though there's a greater force working somewhere trying to keep him sequestered from the outside world, as though someone wants him trapped in a house in a location he doesn't know, in a house he can't leave, as he fights to go home.

 

He'll talk to Dumbledore about it in the morning.

 

Fourth, he tries to cast a patronus, but it dissolves before the stag can fully form.

 

It's been a long tiring day, and maybe his mask isn't as strong as he thought it was; maybe he's too stressed and too worked up and not happy enough to cast it; it's never been a problem before, though, so he doesn't know why it is one now.

 

For now, though, he has his fifth and final option. Lily is already in bed, saying she wants to sleep so her stress doesn't affect the baby, so it leaves James alone in his room as he rifles almost desperately through his trunk, praying that all of his belongings made it in.

 

He searches and searches and searches, running his left hand up and down the wand holster feeling Regulus' magic soothe him exponentially, his stress levels further decreasing as his hand curls around a cool, familiar piece of glass.

 

He picks up the mirror and speaks Sirius' name clearly into it, praying that the wards won't interfere, praying that he can talk to Sirius and unpack whatever's going on between them because they've never really been at odds with each other before, let alone ignored the other for half a day. He feels like he can breathe for the first time today until Sirius' terrified face fills the mirror, and his panicked voice filters through the air.

 

"James, what's going on? Where the fuck have you gone?"

 

 

It's eleven o clock at night before Sirius follows through on his gut feeling that something is wrong.

 

Regulus still hasn't come out of his room, Sirius still can't go in, and James isn't home.

 

He has every right to stay over at his parent's house or with Lily or literally wherever he likes, but he always tells Sirius what he's doing; they're like each other's diaries in the form of best friends; they tell each other everything.

 

At four o clock in the afternoon, Sirius is too busy worrying about his brother to think too much about where James is.

 

At seven o clock in the evening, Sirius is too busy with Remus to be jealous that James is with his parents when Sirius isn't.

 

At nine o clock that night, after the sun has set, Regulus is crying harder than he has all day, the sound of his pain filtering through the cracks in the door, and Sirius somehow feels as though the connection he has to James is weakening.

 

At eleven o clock, he knows that something is wrong.

 

He pulls Remus along with him, tells Barty and Evan to call him if Regulus leaves his room and then floos to his parent's place.

 

Effie and Monty are both in bed when they arrive, but Sirius barely thinks about them as he checks James' bedroom, then the bathroom, then the library and the sitting room and the quidditch pitch and the kitchen until Monty stumbles down the stairs with Effie close behind him, identical looks of confusion and tiredness painted across their faces.

 

"Sirius? Remus? Are you both alright? We weren't expecting you today, especially so late –" Monty begins, his brow furrowing before his face becomes tinged with panic as Sirius says, "sorry, just, where's James? Is he still here? When did he leave? He hasn't come home yet."

 

Effie and Monty share the same stricken expression.

 

"Sirius", Effie says gently in an effort to comfort him despite the turmoil she must be facing. "James hasn't been over today; why do you think he came here?"

 

Sirius feels slightly sick but knows he has to get to Lily and Mary's flat and find James before his brain tricks him into believing the unthinkable.

 

"I thought he was here; he hasn't come home yet; he must be at Mary's. We'll go there now," he fumbles out, tripping over his sentences in his ever-increasing panic because he can't lose James, he can't lose him, he just can't.

 

They're not co-dependent or clingy or obsessive or anything like that; they're platonic soulmates, so closely intertwined that it's hard to tell where one of them starts and the other ends.

 

"I'm going to find James", Sirius repeats, barely noticing the way Remus assures Monty and Effie that they'll let them know if he's at Mary's or not, barely noticing the way his heart is still beating, and his hand is in Remus' and the way he's swirling through the floo and into the living room, and he hears a gasp followed by a sob when he looks up.

 

"Reggie", he says, relief settling through him, but when he looks up, he's not in his house, and he's not looking at Regulus.

 

It's Mary.

 

And she's crying.

 

"Is it James?" he blurts out, her tears only adding to his distress, his heart threatening to burst its way out of his chest and fling itself through space and time to find James, unused to being so far from each other, and this feeling only increases as Mary's choked up, but confused voice says "James? What do you mean James? Don't you mean Lily?"

 

It's Remus who speaks this time, a quiet yet deafening, "she's missing too?"

 

It all goes downhill after that, and eventually, Remus and Sirus go back to Grimmauld Place, Mary refusing to join them in case Lily comes back, and both swearing to tell the other if they receive any news.

 

They've had no contact,

 

No warning,

 

and no letters.

 

They both go home and wait, praying for answering, clues, an explanation, anything.

 

At eleven thirty, Sirius hears a chiming coming from his pocket. He reaches into his pocket almost desperately, every tense muscle relaxing at once as he sees James' face in the mirror, unharmed, unpanicked, but in an unfamiliar room.

 

Sirius asks, James answers, and when he goes to pass the mirror to Regulus, Sirius is ready to watch the world burn.

 

 

At nine o clock, Regulus heard Sirius' voice and then the crack of apparation, and the tender grip he had on reality following James' departure shattered completely.

 

James has left.

 

James had taken every trace of him and Regulus, every part of Regulus that had ever existed except for one.

 

Or so he thought.

 

He thought that James Potter had stolen his brother the moment they met on the Hogwarts Express, but he hadn't really. Regulus was just jealous and insecure and too afraid of their parents to say what he really thought. He thought he had believed it, but now he knows he hadn't.

 

He believes it now, though. Regulus never expected someone so kind, selfless, and perfect for him to be so misleading.

 

He never expected James to be a villain.

 

Sirius had been trying to talk to him all day, but Regulus either hadn't heard him over his sobs or hadn't been able to move as the numbness in his mind disconnected his brain from his limbs.

 

He should have tried harder or not liked James as much or just let Sirius in because now he's seen how much of a burden Regulus is, how needy and unstable and how mentally fucked up he is and like James, he's left too. The crack of apparation as Sirius vanishes from his life reverberates through the house, shattering his bones, his life, his being.

 

He was born with a brother.

 

James wasn't.

 

But now he doesn't have a brother, and James does.

 

It's too much, and Regulus can't tell if he's silent or screaming, overwhelmed or numb, if he's even still alive until he hears his door open and close, hitting him in the back from where he's still slumped against it. Then there's quiet but forceful muttering and a hand on his shoulder that he barely even feels.

 

He recognises the voice though, the soft and gradually more and more harsh "Reg, are you hurt? Where are you –? Reg? Reg! Regulus!" 

 

Barty.

 

His eyes flick to his left from where there'd been fixed, unseeing at the window, and sure enough, there's Evan too. They're both crouched next to each other, in front of Regulus and his limp, unmoving body, talking over each other as they wait for Regulus to respond.

 

But how are they here? He hasn't got enough mental strength left in him for this, but he doesn't doubt that Evan and Barty are here to tell them they're about to leave him too.

 

But Regulus doesn't want to be alone anymore.

 

He wants his friends,

 

He wants his brother,

 

He wants James.

 

He didn't think he had any more tears left to cry, but he's proved wrong as great heaving sobs break out of him yet again. He can see the blurry image of his friends moving around, and he cries even harder, unable to repress the weaker parts of him that encourage him to feel and live and love that are telling him they're going to leave and he's going to be alone.

 

He's expecting them to walk out the door.

 

He's not expecting Barty's arms to wrap around him and squeeze, almost painfully tight, but the pressure starts to ground him, starts to slow his breathing and lessen the intensity of his tears enough for him to choke out a hoarse and shaky "not you, don't go, please, I can't –" and his words are cut off by Barty with an exasperated yet fond "fucks sake Regulus, settle down, no ones abandoning you today", and this only makes Regulus cry harder, choking on the air he tries to breathe into his lungs as the realisation once again hits him that two people already have.

 

He vaguely hears muttered curses under their breaths, and then he's upright, and then he's lying down on something soft, and it's his bed, but it's not his side of the bed. He's lying in the slight indentation of where James would lie whenever he stayed the night, and Regulus relaxes for the first time all day, knowing there's one thing he can keep for himself that James couldn't take from him.

 

He knows Evan and Barty are still in the room, but he can't quite bring himself to care as he continues to cry for everything he wanted, everything he had, and everything he's lost.

 

He stays in his bed, swaddled under the duvet, not even worried about the fact he's still wearing the same robes he wore earlier that day as the Earth continues to turn and Regulus continues to weep.

 

It's been an hour, it's been a minute, it's been all eternity as time passes in fragments, but it turns out to be only forty minutes after Sirius had left that he comes back.

 

He comes back.

 

But there's still no James.

 

Regulus doesn't know what he was hoping for, what he was expecting, but it wasn't for Sirius to burst into his room half an hour later, a mixture of fury and terror with tears on his cheeks, a grimace overtaking his face as he takes in Regulus' evident post-breakdown form on the bed. Before Evan can usher him out of the room, Sirius speaks and says the best and worst things he could have said.

 

"Reggie, it's James. He needs to speak to you."

 

Regulus should tell him to go and fuck himself. He should tell him to stay out of his life if all he's going to do is leave it, and he should tell him that he told him so; he had told James that he deserved better and that he was going to realise it eventually.

 

Because he's weak, though, he does none of that and reaches his hand out for the mirror, mindlessly swatting at Barty and Sirius, who are in hitting range, ignoring the protests and the concern and the resistance until the door eventually closes and only then does he look at the mirror.

 

He tries to quietly clear his throat and make his voice harsh and cruel and make James hurt like he hurt him, but he can see drying tears tracks on James' cheek too, and James can undoubtedly see his as he says softly, "oh Regulus, you didn't get your letter either, did you?"

 

"Do you send letters to break up with all of your boyfriends instead of saying it in person?" he says harshly, ignoring the way he swears his heart is already healing, preparing itself to be broken again just so he can rejoice in James' touch for however long it lasts this time around.

 

"Boyfriend?" James replies breathlessly, the opposite of every emotion Regulus has spent the past 12 hours drowning in. It's automatic, the defensiveness, the mask that glides into place as he snaps, "how is that the key takeaway here, you fucking bastard? Are you here to ask me out again just to break up with me –"

 

James' eyes look like dinner plates.

 

"Regulus", he says, horrified, panicking, fumbling over his words to reassure him. "I'm not breaking up with you, and I never wanted to. I wrote you a letter, there was a prophecy, I'm in a hideout, but Sirius didn't get his letter either, and nobody said anything at the Order meeting which Mary went to, and so I don't know what's going on, but I just wanted to check you were okay. But you're not, are you?"

 

Regulus remembers the way Sirius came into his room with tears on his cheeks, and a deep-rooted fear settles in his stomach.

 

"James", he says slowly, praying that he's wrong. "Where are you?"

 

"In a safe house with Lily", he replies carefully. "We weren't told where and the front door is locked, and there's no floo powder, and some of the magic is suppressed, and we don't know why you haven't received your letters and nobody has visited and –"

 

"James", Regulus cuts in sharply, his voice still thick and clogged but able to breathe again as he tries to uncover what's going on, what external forces are trying to tear them apart, and why they don't think that Regulus is going to absolutely destroy them so that he can keep James.

 

Once he gets him back, he doesn't think he'll ever let him go again.

 

"James", he repeats, "you said a prophecy; what did it say? Why are you hiding?"

 

"I never heard it," James says slowly, as though he's just realised something is amiss, "it's about our son, though. He's in danger; dark wizards are looking everywhere for him even though he isn't born, and Lily and I are in danger too. We got told we had to hide while you were out and didn't have time to say goodbye, and I'm so sorry my letter didn't make it, and you thought I left you because I promise you I didn't and I've been thinking of you all day and –"

 

"James", Regulus cuts in again, "who told you the prophecy?" He's praying that he's not about to have the same sense of betrayal that he felt in his chest at sixteen and -

 

Oh.

 

There it is, right in the same place as last time.

 

"It was Professor Dumbledore," James says, and every trace of fear and sadness and trauma from Regulus' mental breakdown evaporates, replaced by a rage so great that his accidental magic lashes out and shatters everything fragile in his room.

 

It's deafening, but Regulus doesn't hear it through the ringing in his ears from rage.

 

Sirius bursts into his room, wand raised and Evan and Barty follow him with Remus trailing behind, and as Sirius sees Regulus sitting up, the familiar tint of Black family rage and madness in his face, he knows that he knows.

 

His eyes meet Sirius', and something unreadable to most passes through their gaze, but each understands perfectly.

 

They have matching dark, vengeful and ruthless expressions until Regulus realises what this truly signifies, and he presses his hand to his mouth in horror, his eyes flitting rapidly between James and Sirius.

 

"Oh. My. God." He says, a hint of hysteria slipping into his tone. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!"

 

"Reggie?" Sirius says slowly, walking towards him, but Regulus ignores him, once again lost to the dark recesses of his mind as every mysterious look and unreadable glare clicks into place.

 

He can't do this again.

 

He can't.

 

He has to.

 

"The war", he says, already feeling as adrenaline floods through his veins, and the way he instinctively looks for threats, ready to run.

 

"The war", he repeats numbly. "It's not over."

 

 

That night, after he and Sirius have talked, and he and Evan and Barty have talked, and he and James have talked for so long that Sirius came in to check what was going on, Regulus opens up his old journal that he used to write his horcrux notes in.

 

He looks at the list he wrote back when he was new to the war, young and naïve and thought it would solve all of his problems, back when he thought he knew what living a hard life was.

 

He's a war veteran at nineteen, and he's not naïve anymore.

 

He looks down at the second point on his list, ruin Dumbledore, and decides it's no longer sufficient.

 

Dumbledore has lied to Lily, who he still doesn't give a shit about, but he has lied to James as well, taken his James into a prison in an effort to break him and Regulus and Sirius apart so that when he comes for Regulus, he'll be easier to beat.

 

Because he knows that, above all other descriptors, Regulus Black is a threat.

 

He's threatened everything Dumbledore has worked towards, all of the deception and the lies and the masks and fake smiles, the sacrifices made in the form of necessary raids and unforeseen ambushes, his identity as the leader of the light, the living embodiment of everything good.

 

And Dumbledore knows Regulus won't stop until he succeeds in slandering his image and everything he has ever pretended to stand for, but two can play at that game, and as all of this clicks into place, Regulus realises with a horrible sense of realisation that he killed the wrong person.

 

Voldemort was never the true villain.

 

If Dumbledore wanted to continue to betray people and leave their fates to the colour of light that exits a Death Eaters wand, Regulus wouldn't care. It's not his life, and it's not his problem, and he's not going to go out of his way to protect someone he doesn't know.

 

He genuinely couldn't give a shit and wouldn't even blink if Dumbledore stopped him in the street and tortured someone in front of him; he'd probably just cast the killing curse so the whole ordeal could end, and he could be on his way.

 

Even if they're innocent or too weak to fight back, Regulus doesn't care.

 

The war is about Regulus now; it looks like Dumbledore took him far too literally when he said he was on his own side. Regulus killing Voldemort didn't actually help or hinder Dumbledore; it just gave him a new enemy.

 

If Dumbledore tried to drag Regulus into this war, he'd drag himself back out of it and hide himself away, unwilling to be thrust back into the panic and the fear and the lonely nights that it brings.

 

He spent three years in a constant mode of flight or fight; he still hasn't shaken off the paranoia and still finds himself casting killing curses at shadows and setting fire to rubbish bags blowing in the breeze.

 

He never wants to go back to that, but the war isn't just about him anymore; and for James and Sirius, he'd step back into the war in a heartbeat, without hesitation and without any second guesses and in an act so noble and so driven by love and so not toujours pur that many would wonder if the line got blurred between sacrifice and suicide.

 

If taking James only hurt Regulus, he'd either live with the pain or die trying to, but James has been taken, his baby used against him to manipulate his free will and decision making, and Dumbledore not only hurt James in the process but also Sirius.

 

And just like always, Regulus was helpless to protect him, his love only being used as a weapon instead of a shield, intrinsically Regulus and therefore forever inadequate.

 

Maybe Regulus wasn't made for love, maybe he does it wrong and gets insecurity and jealousy all mixed up where happiness should be, but in the war, he excelled.

 

He can fight.

 

He can torture.

 

He can hunt.

 

He can kill.

 

Regulus looks at his list again.

 

He crosses the first word out and writes a new one, one much more fitting that's as much of a command as it is a goal, outlining his next move, and unlike the first war he fought it where uncertainty and resignation fought him at every turn, this one fills him with a dark and grim sense of excitement.

 

The still-drying ink stares back at him, holding out a hand in invitation that Regulus takes willingly.

 

It's time for him to get what he deserves.

 

Regulus' updated to-do list, clause 2:

 

Kill Albus Dumbledore.

 

 

 
Notes:

    There are a surprising number of parallels between this chapter and what's currently going on in Crimson Rivers.

     

    Also the amount of comments I've had to refrain myself from replying to so I wouldn't spoilt this?!?!?! It's finally time to be happy!!!!!!!!

    Also you might be thinking shit me you really went overboard on the Regulus having a crisis front, but I think it's necessary because he doesn't want to go back to the war. He's still a very much grey person with dubious morals, so it had to be something huge to get him to go back and fight and by having Dumbledore target both Sirius and james he may as well have just asked Regulus to murder him on the spot.

    Next chapter will be good though (and yes it is actually good, you may be able to guess, it may be a surprise)

Chapter 24: Chapter 23: August 1979 - February 1980
Summary:

    Gringotts.

Notes:

    Here we go :))) Fun fact half of this chapter was written as a literal email draft to myself on my brothers laptop because my sister stole my laptop charger and my brother doesn't have word downloaded on his laptop.

    But it's here so can't complain really.

    Hope you enjoy, be excited for the next chapter which will be out by xmas but probably a bit sooner but that will be a good one.

    Let me know your thoughts xx

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

August 1979 – February 1980

 

Regulus needs to break into Gringotts, into the Black Family Vault and get whatever horcrux Bella has hidden in there without being seen, caught, or killed, and to make it even harder, he doesn’t actually know what he’s looking for in the first place.

 

It’s laughable, really, the thought of achieving it, but he has to try, he will try; it’s not like he has anything better to do. It’s his entire life, this war; it consumes him entirely, and sometimes he almost forgets that he had a life before it. 

 

Hogwarts, his friends, his family, his childhood; they feel distant and out of reach, almost like he once had a really vivid dream that he never quite managed to forget.

 

Now, all he remembers with surety and clarity is war. The paranoia, the constant alertness, the knowledge of the price of failure, it’s all he knows now.

 

It’s all he has.

 

It's all he is.

 

Sometimes he thinks all he is is a wisp of who he used to be, someone so weighed down by trauma and pain and expectations he has to throw the best parts of himself away just to be able to step forwards.

 

Other times, like today, arrogance lightly disguised as confidence makes him think he’s something greater; a martyr, a fighter, the one who is going to win the war.

 

Some days it seems hopeless, but on days like today, he feels like he can almost reach out and touch it.

 

And once he gets that horcrux from Gringotts, victory will be even closer to his grasp.

 

 

Breaking into Gringotts sounds simple; get in, get the horcrux, get out.

 

In actuality, it seems impossible; it’s supposed to be impossible.

 

The laws of nature practically define it; nobody should be able to break into Gringotts, nobody should be able to leave the Black Family by faking their death, and nobody should be able to try and kill Voldemort, let alone have a chance of succeeding.

 

But the laws of nature have clearly never met Regulus Black.

 

Like with killing Voldemort, Regulus will either break into Gringotts and steal the horcrux or die trying.

 

And he’s not ready to die.

  

The easiest thing to do is still just go to Sirius and ask him to get the horcrux, but Regulus refuses to drag him into the war, especially since if Bella noticed the horcrux gone, she would be able to see that Sirius had removed it. Voldemort would undoubtedly kill him without hesitation, but if there was a lit match falling from the sky, Regulus would let the world burn before he ever let the flame touch his brother.

 

If Sirius dies, Regulus would have destroyed everyone and everything for having the nerve to live on without him if he wasn’t so sure that he’d be the first to join him.

 

The two other Sirius-related options are for Regulus to go to Sirius and ask him to name him heir, announcing to the entire world that he’s not dead and practically inviting Voldemort to hunt him down. The other option is for Sirius to die so that his will is completed and everything from the vault is removed and given away, but if the physical pain that rushes through Regulus as his heart squeezes and his stomach cramps and he feels bile in the back of his throat at just the thought of his brother dying, that rules out any chance of that happening.

 

Regulus has practically become the war, harsh and relentless and the further away Sirius is from the war, the safer he is.

 

The further away Sirius is from Regulus, the safer he is.

 

Another option is to ask Bellatrix to retrieve her horcrux, either by asking nicely or torturing her until she says yes, but as much as he hates to compare the two, Sirius is the person Regulus would do anything for, and Voldemort is Bellatrix’s.

 

If it was Sirius that Bella was trying to find, Regulus would take every curse, every cruciatus, every burst of pain willingly if he knew it would protect his brother. He wouldn’t beg for mercy or give in, he’d stay steadfast in his refusal until he was dead, and he would die smiling.

 

Bella is the same for Voldemort, and since Regulus is trying to destroy the one thing that she’d die to protect, she will hardly cooperate in orchestrating his downfall.

 

So, she's out of the question too, which means that once again, Regulus is on his own as he breaks into an impenetrable fortress.

 

Gringotts has accounted for imperius curses, polyjuice potions, and glamours in their protections.

 

They’ve accounted for thieves and betrayers and the greedy and the needy.

 

They’ve accounted for counterfeit keys, stolen wands, and dark spells to change magical signatures so that nobody could break in, and all those who tried were caught.

 

Gringotts is impassable without a legitimate reason; there shouldn’t be any way to break in; they’ve accounted for everything and anything. OR rather, they’ve accounted for anything and everything except for Regulus Black. 

 

Because there is absolutely nothing in this world that will stop him from getting that horcrux.

 

 

It’s much harder trying to plan a break-in to Gringotts than he thought it’d be. He goes back to see Barty Crouch Senior demanding blueprints of the vaults, which costs him a leg, a foot, and a broken arm, just to find out that there aren’t any at the ministry. They’re goblin-only secrets, and no wizard knows the layout.

 

There is also no report of anybody who successfully stole anything, and an unsettlingly low number of people who have tried because the goblins typically prefer to “take matters into their own hands.”

  

It takes months and months' worth of research until Regulus realises that he has nothing to show for himself and he’s going to have to wing it, but this still presents itself as a meticulously planned break-in by most people's standards.

 

He spends every day for two months recording how many people enter the doors each day, what hour is the busiest on which day, which people seem to be aware of the war and which seem to be pretending it’s not real. Then, there are another 2 weeks of compiling the data, analysing literally everything over and over again to the point that he can recite how many passengers tend to enter Gringotts at any given time of day and how long each person tends to stay there depending on the demographic that they fit into.

  

Most of it is entirely useless information, but Regulus makes sure to learn it anyways; he’s always been meticulous to the point of obsession.

  

Regulus has reduced the entire scale of passenger traffic to Gringotts to an algebraic formula using bivariate modelling, so at 1.30pm on a Tuesday afternoon in mid-December, Regulus apparates to Diagon Alley. He checks that he has his wand, that his glamours are in place for the walk there, and that he has enough healing potions if anything goes wrong, and then he takes a deep breath and walks down the street, closer and closer to Gringotts.

 

He’s outside the front door.

 

He’s inside the front door.

 

He’s inside Bludnuk’s office as the Black Family account manager.

 

He hasn’t got a clue where to begin, so he prays that it all works out for him as he wings it entirely.

 

He doesn’t want to curse or harm the goblin; he’s not going to hurt him as long as he doesn’t give him a reason to, so he tries to find the best way forward.

 

“Is there any change in my ability to access the Black Family Vault?” Regulus begins, deciding to just try the simplest option first. If something has changed, and he doesn’t need to break in, it will make things easier. Still, his life has never been easy, so he’s barely disappointed as Bludnuk replies with a simple “no.”

  

“What vaults can I access then?” he asks, seeing if there’s one close by that he can sneak over to or if it’s even on a different floor or if he can hijack a cart or –

 

“None of them,” Bludnuk replies, unimpressed that Regulus is here wasting his time. “You are presumed dead by the wizarding world, and you are listed as dead on our database, so unless you would like to revoke your death certificate, you cannot access any vault.”

 

“But I’m not dead” is all Regulus can say to that, unbelievably confused as he gestures rather redundantly to his obviously alive body as this conversation goes not at all in the direction he was envisaging. “And I’m a Black, I have Black magic, I can access half of the vaults linked to the family inheritance vaults.”

 

“This is a bank for wizards and goblins, not a bank for ghosts”, Bludnuk replies blandly. “If you have a problem, you can leave the bank. If you want access to your inheritance vault, you can reinstate your status as amongst the living.”

 

But Regulus can’t. He’s too close now to ruin everything he worked for, and his choices are still pretending he’s still dead or announcing he's alive and having Voldemort try to kill him.

 

At this point in time, Regulus would prefer to pretend to be dead than actually be dead, so he stares at Bludnuk, who is impatiently waiting for him to elaborate.

 

Regulus knows he can access the vault, he just can’t take items out that he didn’t put in, but he doesn’t know if that’s just a security protocol or if there’s a curse by the goblins put on the items that will leave him trapped in the vault indefinitely.

 

The goblins also can’t take things out of them; they can only transfer things from one to another in the event of someone's death or if a transaction has been made between wizards, which means that whatever happens, Regulus needs to get into that vault.

 

He has his letters ready to be sent in case he gets trapped and dies inside it.

 

He has his wand ready to fight his way out so that that doesn’t happen.

 

“I don’t care”, Regulus says out loud, “I need you to take me to vault 7."

 

“I cannot," Bludnuk replies, beginning to glare at him at the repetitiveness of the conversation.

 

“I didn't ask”, Regulus says slowly, forcefully, frustration growing within him at Bludnuk’s sheer unhelpfulness, and he knows that he knows it as Bludnuk smirks slightly and answers, “I cannot and I will not.”

 

Regulus told himself he wouldn’t hurt any goblins, even though he’s tempted right now as Bludnuk is being deliberately obtuse. He told himself this; he had no reason not to follow through with this, except he’s running out of options, and although he doesn’t think torturing his way to the vault would work here, the imperious curse isn’t technically torture.

 

It does remove every ounce of your own free will and inhibitions, but it doesn’t hurt, so Regulus looks at Bludnuk, debates whether or not to apologise in advance, and ultimately decides against it as he casts imperio.

 

His eyes glaze over instantly.

 

“Take me to Vault 7,” Regulus repeats, any trace of remorse having disappeared entirely, as he stares impassively, waiting, waiting, waiting –

 

“Follow me."

 

 

Regulus is on constant alert as he walks through the main lobby, trailing behind Bludnuk and waiting for something, anything, to go wrong.

 

His eyes are flitting around, searching, categorising, trying to find dangers, but nobody is looking at him, and those who do never retain him as their focal point for long.

 

He’s in disguise, of course; he has glamours around every part of himself even though he knows that goblins can and already have seen through him, but they don’t care that he’s supposedly dead.

 

They only care about retaining the gold, silver and other treasures in their vaults, but hopefully, the imperious curse lasts long enough for Regulus to get in, out and up to ground level before he oblivates Bludnuk and then everyone goes on their way none the wiser.

 

Regulus passes through the lobby without anyone stopping him and gets onto the cart.

 

Bludnuk starts driving the cart down, down, down the familiar yet foreign path, deeper and deeper underground where the most secure vaults are located.

 

It's going fine; everything's going fine until it isn’t.

 

It’s going fine until they pass under a waterfall which is admittedly rather pretty, except it's not water that falls.

 

It’s magic.

 

It’s the thief's downfall that removes all glamours, all illusions and all curses.

 

Regulus' hair turns black, the freckles on his cheeks disappear, and the connection between his magical core and Bludnuk vanishes suddenly as the imperious curse is removed.

 

He sees the moment that Bludnuk realises that he’s been cursed, the way his relaxed posture tenses, and his head snaps around to Regulus with livid eyes that promise revenge, so Regulus barely hesitates before casting imperious again.

 

He needs this goblin and can’t have him running away and bringing the aurors down before he’s gotten the horcrux, and if he’s already guaranteed a spot in hell when he dies, what’s one more misdeed on his long, long list of transgressions?

 

It doesn’t hurt him,  he reminds himself. It doesn’t hurt.

 

But the curse doesn’t hold.

 

Regulus tries again but it still doesn’t work and he can’t figure out why. He knows that he means it; he knows that it should have worked –

 

“There's a block on dark magic past the thief's downfall”, Bludnuk says, smiling nastily at Regulus. “Luckily, the restriction is only for wizards”, and then he’s raising his finger at Regulus, about to start chanting in gobbledegook whatever spell he's using to restrain Regulus, who is frantically going through all of the light spells in his head that can get him out of this mess, or at least delay the moment where it all falls apart.

 

His mind involuntarily goes towards the Death Eater raids and how the Death Eaters and the Order’s spells were opposites in every way.

 

Good and bad.

 

Light and dark.

 

Red and green –

 

Their spells were red and green.

 

The opposite of avada kedavra, or rather its equivalent for the members of the light, is –

 

“Stupefy.”

 

Bludnuk stops chanting and drops to the floor of the cart unconscious.

 

Thank fuck for that,  Regulus thinks in relief, looking at the controls of the cart and trying to figure out how he’s going to steer this thing when he sees that there are no controls. Even worse, the cart has stopped moving.

 

It runs on goblin magic.

 

For fucks sake.

 

Regulus can’t drive the cart, and he’s out of options to force Bludnuk to drive it for him. He can’t walk, he can’t drive, he can’t fly, he can’t –

 

Wait a second.

 

He can.

 

He can fly.

 

He keeps all his belongings shrunken in a bag around his neck, and it's easy for him to find his broom, tie Bludnuk to the back of it, and then fly down the minecart track. He's going further and further underground until the sconces on the wall fade away, and the only light he has is the one coming from his wand.

 

He glances to the side, reads vault 2367 and sighs.

 

He has a long way to go until he reaches vault 7.

 

 

As Regulus passes vault 625, he realises that every time he has ever come to Gringotts, he has taken the mine cart that the goblins drive for granted. It’s admittedly a horrendous trip, sporadic and unsettling, that always gives the rider the feeling that they’re about to throw up. Still, it’s fast, and that is where it redeems itself.

 

Regulus’ broom is not fast, or not compared to the mine cart anyways.

 

It's taken him over an hour to get past 1000 vaults, which means it will take him over 2.5 to reach vault 7, and that’s not including how he’s going to get back up. He wishes he could apparate out, maybe even portkey, but he’s sure that if the goblins have found a way to block dark magic in and around the vaults past the thief's downfall, then they’re going to have blocked alternative exits as well.

 

It’s not like Regulus expected the break-in to be easy, but he didn’t expect this.

 

He keeps flying and flying and flying, and time keeps passing and passing and passing.

 

He keeps flying for so long that Bludnuk wakes up from his spell twice, which causes Regulus to hastily re-stupefy him, and the rest of the time is almost more dangerous than his horcrux mission; he gets lost in his own head, stressing, catastrophising, deciding he’s going to die until he glances towards his left and sees vault 11 in his peripheral vision.

 

Then vault 9.

 

Then 30 seconds later, vault 7.

 

He sets his broom on the small landing in front of the vault door, dumps Bludnuk’s body on the ground, still tied and unconscious and then looks at the door.

 

There’s no keyhole; dark families like the Blacks prefer sacrifice and blood to prove their status, so Regulus knows how to get in; he just has to hope that there’s also a way out for him. 

 

He thinks it’s supposed to be a goblin who supervises him opening the door, but he’s not about to wake Bludnuk up if he’s not needed, especially while he’s completely unwilling to cooperate. So, Regulus cuts his hand with his wand, prays that Gringotts doesn’t record who visits the vault and only what was withdrawn, and then he runs his blood along the door and watches as it disappears, leaving the entrance of the vault open.

 

Regulus times 10 minutes on his watch, but the vault is still open. He times another 10, and it still hasn’t closed. After 30 minutes, it’s still open, so he rubs another dose of blood on the wall where the door used to be, starts a timer for 28 minutes, so he knows not to get trapped in there and then walks through the doorway.

 

It doesn’t automatically close behind him, rendering half of his fears on his quiet broom ride down redundant. He tries to feel for the familiar pulse of dark magic that signifies the horcrux, except it's difficult because this is the Black family vault. They took their namesake far too literally with their possessions because this entire vault is full of dark magic.

 

Most of it is Black family magic, some of it is from other old, dark families, and it’s a huge vault, which is almost full of gold and silver and other overpriced, gaudy relics and heirlooms that nobody wants to keep but also refuses to give away.

 

The whole vault is full of dark magic, so thick that Regulus swears he can taste it. Most people would have run by now, afraid, repulsed, but to Regulus, the dark magic in here tastes like strawberries.

 

His favourite.

 

Dark magic is death, it’s violence, it’s everything wrong in this world and everything that most people hate, but it calls to Regulus, the darkness of it too good to pass up and so he answers. He follows the feeling of it in the air, creeping back towards the back of the vault, wading through knee-deep piles of galleons that stretch on out of sight. 

 

There’s the hand of glory, a candle that brings darkness to everyone except the holder, a knife that can cut holes through basic runic ward sequences, and the pen that overrides contracts signed in blood.

 

It's all strawberries.

 

Most of the objects in this vault have been used to kill, torture, and ruin lives, but it's all strawberries to Regulus.

 

It's all strawberries until the air starts tasting bitter, then sour, then like it’s rotting, decomposing, desecrating before his eyes, and that’s when he knows he’s near the horcrux.

 

It repulses him as much as it entices him, scares him as much as it relieves him to know that he’s here; he’s so close. 

 

The room is cluttered with stuff, there’s no other word for it, and Regulus quickly tries to catalogue what the horcrux could be. He glances down at his watch and sees that he’s already taken 20 minutes. He has 10 left until he wants to be gone, lest the vault door closes and he gets locked inside.

 

Voldemort is sentimental, he knows this, so it has to be something that relates to him somehow, so Regulus tries to figure out what is in his near vicinity that may be a horcrux.

 

Not a crystal vase, not a platinum vase, not a gold vase, why are there so many vases, not a possum hat or a diamond plated mirror or a –

 

Oh.

 

Oh, it could be that.

 

He sees the Hufflepuff emblem engraved on a small golden cup on top of the cupboard.

 

The fabled cup of Hufflepuff, an icon, a collection piece, something that Voldemort evidently thought necessary to find and keep like the sentimental sociopath he is.

 

Regulus tries to accio it, tries to levitate it, but no spell seems to work inside the vault, so he reaches up to touch it. The moment he does, he drops it, wincing at the burn on his hand and then staring in horror as the cup, which evidently has a gemino charm on it, multiplies and multiplies, rapidly filling the vault in which Regulus is still inside.

 

Fortunately, the original cup is still on top of the wardrobe where Regulus had dropped it, even as cups continue to emerge from it. He tells himself to stop being weak since the pain of a burn can’t be worse than the cruciatus curse and then closes his hand around the handle.

 

If possible, the cups start emerging at an even faster rate. Somehow they burn, and since he had to wade through a knee-deep pile of galleons to get to the wardrobe, it's only seconds until the pile of cups reaches his thighs and then starts to cover his waist, scorching his body as he shoves his way through them.

 

He’s gasping through the pain, trying to repress the feeling of being burnt and trying to avoid being suffocated by molten tea cups, but there’s only so much he can ignore when he’s literally on his way to being burnt alive, and all of his senses are overwhelmed.

 

He left a candle on the landing to show him the way out, like a lighthouse, and imagines it’s a star, imagines it’s his brother, so he naturally finds himself desperately trying to reach him.

 

The cups keep expanding, the flesh on his hand has melted and his skin has welded itself to the cup, so at least he can’t drop it now, and the pain is that awkward mixture of being so painful you can’t feel it all, but you also can’t focus on anything else.

 

Get to Sirius,  he thinks, gaze fixed on the candle on the wall. Get to Sirius, and then you’ll be okay.

 

It’s all he can focus on; it's all he has. 

 

There are vases, jewels, and other priceless relics that join the cups as they multiply around him, but none leave the vault, instead just filling it up like a sparkly and expensive tomb.

 

Get to Sirius.

 

He has 10 metres to go.

 

Get to Sirius.

 

5 metres.

 

He's waiting for you.

 

3 metres.

 

The cups just begin to surround his throat as he breaks out of the vault and drops to the floor, gasping in relief as he sees that none of the objects overflowed out of the vault and that the door is slowly materialising back into place.

 

He double-checks his hand and sees the horcrux still attached to it, which he rips off, howling in pain as he sees his bone on full display.

 

He shoves the horcrux, which is no longer hot nor multiplying, into his mokeskin pouch, chugs a pain potion and then laughs, almost hysterically, in his euphoria.

 

He’s out. He’s got it. He’s alive.

  

He did it without bringing Sirius into the war and endangering him, he hasn’t been found out by Bella or Voldemort, and as he looks around the landing, he smiles, knowing for once, nothing went terribly wrong –

 

Oh  shit, he thinks in horror staring at the ropes on the ground.

 

Where the fuck is that goblin? !?!?

 

 

Bludnuk, as it turns out, is behind Regulus, which he doesn’t realise until he feels someone kick behind his legs, making him fall onto his knees.

 

The goblin isn’t powerful, and usually, Regulus would be able to withstand it, but he’s been covered in burns and thinks the fall is justified, even if it’s embarrassing that it happened in the first place.

 

Regulus is tired, he wants to go back to his tent and destroy the horcrux, and he also cannot be bothered to deal with Bludnuk right now. He was planning on just oblivating him and going on his way, but now he has to stun him and drag him back through the thief's downfall before he can leave.

 

He just wants the solitude of his tent where there’s no drama, no war, and more importantly, no goblins.

 

Bludnuk is furious, and he brings up his foot again to kick Regulus who scowls, half wanting to kick him back to be petty and half unwilling to hurt any creatures, regardless of how infuriating they’re acting.

 

“Wizards do not steal from Gringotts and get away with it”, he snarls furiously, and Regulus raises a casual eyebrow in response.

 

“Maybe not until me”, is all he says back, smirking slightly at how annoyed Bludnuk gets and then thinking it's a bit sad that the most entertainment he’s had in months is by deliberately antagonising a goblin in a bank he still needs to escape from.

 

In any case, this moment is all he’s got, and he can’t help but smile in dark amusement as Buldnuk scowls again.

 

“I will be calling the Gringotts Protection Team to arrest you and then Mrs Lestrange that you have stolen her possession and Lord Sirius Black to inform him of your treachery.”

 

The smile slips off Regulus’ face.

 

It’s not funny anymore.

 

If it was just Bellatrix, he’d just kill her so she didn’t tattle on him to Voldemort, but now that Sirius is being brought into this?

 

There’s nothing he wouldn’t do to keep him out.

 

“You bring my brother into this, and I will kill you”, he says coldly, fully not fucking around, but for some reason, Bludnuk finds this ironically entertaining.

 

“You protect your brother, I see”, he rasps amusedly. “Well, I protect Gringotts and the contents of its vaults.”

 

“I couldn’t give a shit about Gringotts”, he says darkly. “Now I’m going to go, and you’re going to let me –“

 

“An eye for an eye,” Bludnuk counters, and Regulus frowns in confusion slightly, wondering if he’s about to offer Regulus to go free.

 

Whatever the deal is, he’ll take it. He needs to get out of here and doesn’t want anyone to know he’s here. He’ll take the deal even if it costs him, even if it hurts him, he’ll do it, he'll do it.

 

He’s waiting to hear it, and Bludnuk looks him in the eye as he delivers a mixture of a counteroffer and threat. “You either put the cup of Helga Hufflepuff back into the vault and then come to see the Gringotts protection team, or you keep the cup, and eye for an eye, I replace the cup's place in the vault with Sirius Black until –“

 

It’s instinctive, really, the way he steps forward and wrenches Bludnuk’s head to the side, all of his morals disappearing and all thoughts of magic forgotten as he hears his neck snap. Regulus keeps tugging, twisting and hitting and hitting until he feels warmth on his hands. His black shoes are now red, and he looks down at the puddle surrounding him and the way Bludnuks head is only half attached to its neck.

 

Regulus thinks he should feel remorse, maybe he should feel guilty, but all he feels is cruel satisfaction as he stares at the corpse resting at his feet. 

 

“An eye for an eye, just like you said”, he says coolly as he kicks Bludnuk's body into the dark abyss of the mine cart track. “You threaten my brother; I make sure it hurts.”

 

 

Regulus cleans the blood off his hands and sighs as he gets his broom out of his bag. He really can’t be bothered to make the trip back up to ground level, but it’s not like he really has a choice; he’s hardly going to stay down here, so he grabs his broom, casts a cushioning charm and a cooling charm so that it doesn’t aggravate his burns too badly and then starts flying, up and up and up.

 

It's four and a half hours until he passes the thief's downfall and the sconces reappear, so he no longer feels like he’s suspended in space and time, hovering in a black hole with no sense of direction.

 

The sound of a mine cart jolts him out of the tranquillity of solitude, and he darts onto the closest landing he sees, vault 4,986 pressing against the wall, praying they don’t see him, praying no one is coming and –

 

The cart goes past him.

 

It doesn’t stop.

 

Thank fuck for small mercies.

 

It takes over 7 hours to reach ground level at the small station where people board the mine carts, and Regulus immediately oblivates the two goblins who come up to him, demanding what he’s doing and where he came from.

 

They stand in their place, dazed and confused, until they shake their head clear and look around, but by that time, Regulus is already gone.

 

He casts more discreet oblivation spells on all of the goblins on the tills, two more on those standing at the door before casting a mild confundus spell on all of the wizards so that nobody will recognise that anything is amiss, and if they do, the thought will quickly leave their mind. 

 

He apparates away the moment he leaves the front door, going through England, Scotland and Wales, even hopping into some parts of Northern Ireland before settling in a small park near Aberdeen.

  

He casts his usual wards for horcrux burning, muggle repelling, magical containment, and invisibility spells. Then he lays the cup in the middle of the field.

 

He thinks this horcrux may have been the hardest one to get with the most amount of planning involved, so it’s with a lot of deep satisfaction that he casts fiendfyre and watches it burn and burn and burn, trying to ignore the thought that that was almost him in the vault a few hours ago.

 

After 2 minutes, he cancels the spell and the cup is in ruins, cracked all the way through with bits of gold flaking off, the Hufflepuff emblem blurry, but Regulus smiles at the destroyed antique and the complete and utter lack of magic that it emanates. He stores it in his mokeskin pouch along with his 3 other horcruxes before he apparates again towards Abergavenny and sets up his tent.

 

The locket, the ring, the diary, the cup. If Voldemort made 7 horcruxes, he’s over halfway. If he made less than 7, Regulus is even closer, and it takes him a while to recognise the emotion causing his smile because he’s proud of himself; he’s finally doing something worthy with his life.

 

Admittedly there’s a lot of murder and torture and other illegal activities that have been necessary to get to this point. While Regulus would never call himself noble, he thinks he’s finally doing something good, and the feeling is such a break from his usual dullness and numbness he finds himself almost enjoying living again.

 

He imagines the feeling will last no longer than a week, maybe only until he wakes up tomorrow and is saddened by the fact that he has, once again, woken up. Still, it’s nice to feel hopeful and almost happy for once, even though he knows that he’ll feel twice as bad when the disappointment inevitably occurs and his depression sets in again.

 

It’s December now, winter is well and truly here, and he fucking hates winter, but even that can’t bring him down right now.

  

It’s something of a turning point for him in this war, maybe, the knowledge that it’s not hopeless, that there’s the genuine possibility of things working out for him. As the moon reaches its highest point in the sky, he picks up his journal and writes the first poem that’s not dark or depressing or mildly alarming since Sirius left home over 3 years ago.

 

It's not a lot by most standards, but it’s something.

 

It's enough for now, and it’s enough for him, and as he finishes his poem and glances out the window, the sun begins to rise.

 

 

Regulus’ journal: 23 December 1979

 

I used to know a boy.

 

I used to read the poems that boy wrote and listen to his secrets in the dead of night.

 

I used to be that boy who had a brother, but now I am just a boy.

 

What I wouldn’t give to be that boy with a brother again.

 

Sometimes, when the sun forgets to rise, and the rain forgets to stop, I can’t help myself as I grab a shovel and dig.

 

I dig and dig and dig until the hole is 6 feet deep and long enough for me to lie in, but as soil falls and begins to cover my eyes, I find myself climbing out and choosing the grass instead; it wasn't until I had already lost them that I realised I had forgotten.

 

Underneath the Earth, I cannot see the stars.

 

 
Notes:

    That damn poem :((((

Chapter 25: Chapter 24: March 1981 - April 1981
Summary:

    Home.

Notes:

    What a week and what a chapter; its almost triple the length of the last one so that's why it took so long.

    Good news- last day of work for summer is tomorrow so I'll have more time to write. Life updates- I'm moving to Germany in 9 days (I live in New Zealand so it's an absolute bitch of a move) and so you're probably going to need to wait 2ish weeks for the next update which is also going to be extremely long (first interlude woooo), so I'm not abandoning this, I'm just going to be very very busy. It could be sooner but could also be later, but I'll estimate by the 8th of January ish and while update this if it's going to be later.

    Christmas day is literally 35 minutes away which is wild so merry christmas everyone and I'll be updating in the new year xx

    UPDATE: TRYING FOR UPDATE TONIGHT (LATE 8 JANUARY OR EARLY 9 JANUARY, IN THE FINAL EDIT STAGE, WILL UPDATE AGAIN IF ITS GOING TO BE LATER :)))

    UPDATE #2- NO UPDATE TONIGHT SORRY (8 JANUARY). STILL GOT THE MAJORITY OF THE CHAPTER TO RUN THROUGH GRAMMARLY BUT I'M TOO TIRED- WILL HOPEFULLY BE UP TOMORROW MID MORNING BUT MAY BE ANOTHER DAY OR 2- THANKS FOR BEING PATIENT, I'M DOING MY BEST :)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

March – April 1981

 

Sirius misses James, and not having him at his side makes him feel like he's missing a part of himself.

 

This past week and a half has been the longest he's gone without seeing him since he was fifteen and still lived in Grimmauld Place, but even during the summer holidays, when his mother forbade him from leaving the house and consorting with blood traitors, he still snuck out anyways. The joy and happiness of seeing James were always worth the cruciatus curse he received when he inevitably got caught.

 

James is the good one in their friendship; Sirius is a Black, he's been tainted his whole life, and as much as he tries to fight it, there are still parts of himself that he cannot remove, mannerisms from his parents that he hasn't managed to unlearn and he hates it, hates it, hates it, but he lives with it anyways.

 

Sirius is used to being villainised and punished and ignored and neglected, but James isn't. James isn't used to it, James shouldn't have even been exposed to it, but now because of Albus Dumbledore, he has been. The man they've both devoutly followed for the past 10 years has made James a target, used him to punish others, and he's been used as leverage against Sirius in the war he didn't even know he was fighting.

 

Something is going on between Dumbledore and Regulus, Sirius knows this even if he doesn't quite know what it is, but he knows enough to want to throttle the life out of both of them.

 

He wants to kill Dumbledore for being a fraud and a liar and for building his trust, over and over, year after year, earning Sirius' unwavering loyalty just so that he can use it against him when the time is right. If it was just Sirius who was hurt by this, he wouldn't mind as much, but it's James and Lily and the baby and whatever relation Regulus has to this whole situation which Sirius still doesn't quite understand, but he knows it's important. Regulus has been holed up in the library most of the week with the shortest temper Sirius has ever seen on him, his mood swings are more unstable than ever, and he's prickly, moody and violent for some James-related reason.

 

Sirius wants to kill Dumbledore for hurting James who is good and pure and everything Sirius isn't, no matter how badly he wants to be. He wants to be good and light and pure like James, but his last name dyes his blood darker and darker with every beat of his heart.

 

He's going to kill Dumbledore, who ignored his brother who had asked him for help.

 

Dumbledore who left Regulus to either die trying to leave Grimmauld Place or kill himself by staying.

 

Dumbledore who decided Voldemort wasn't enough of a villain and now wants Regulus too, but Sirius will be damned if he lets that happen.

 

No, he's going to get James and Lily out of that godforsaken prison, keep them safe and finish this war so that his brother stays out of it.

 

He misses James with all he has, loves him with all he is; he's his brother in all but blood, but Regulus is his little brother who he raised and whose entire purpose in life was to protect him.

 

He knows he did a shit job of it the past few years, but there's no chance he will leave Regulus again.

 

He's going to get James and Lily out and then kill Dumbledore to protect Regulus or die trying.

 

If Dumbledore tries to go for Regulus again, Sirius and all of his love will be standing between them as a shield, and Dumbledore can keep picking and picking away, trying to get rid of it, trying to get rid of him, but god, there's nothing Sirius wouldn't do for his brother and nothing he wouldn't sacrifice.

 

If his love for his brother is his shield between life and death, Regulus will be immortal.

 

 

Regulus misses James. 

 

He thinks he knew he would, deep down, but he hadn't let himself think too much about it for two reasons.

 

Firstly, he didn't want to admit to himself how much he loved him, how much he meant to him, and the unbelievable extent that he'd come to rely on James being an ever-constant presence in his life while simultaneously being unable to get his mother's chant of "weak, weak, weak" out of his head for being unable to exist on his own.

 

Secondly, and perhaps more importantly, Regulus didn't think James would actually leave.

 

And he knows it wasn't his fault, and if Dumbledore thinks he's going to remain alive after this, then he's even thicker than Regulus thought, but he misses him.

 

He hates that he does, and he hates that he can, but he does.

 

He misses James.

 

The nightmares are back in full force now, the reprieve found from sleeping with James definitely being taken for granted now as they hit him night after night. The stress and paranoia about not having James here and still not knowing where he is, in addition to how insufferable Sirius has become during his absence and the way Regulus has found himself back in fight or flight mode makes him feel like he's back in the war, and he hates the comparison until he realises that it's not one.

 

It's reality because this is war.

 

Because the war isn't over.

 

He's planning on using the same strategy that he used to kill Voldemort: protect everyone he loves and keep them all safe while he throws himself on the line as the sole fighter, one life risked so select others are never touched.

 

But before he can do that, he needs to get James, and there is absolutely nothing in this world that could stop him, least of all Albus fucking Dumbledore.

 

 

James lives a good life.

 

He has a great family and great friends, and he loves life, so he's used to being happy; he rarely has a reason not to be.

 

He has a reason now, though, and instead of happiness, it's guilt that floods through his bones, curdling in his stomach, making him nauseous, and leaving him jittery, constantly on edge and never calm or content.

 

He knows that Lily notices and he knows she can tell something is wrong, but he refuses to dump his problems on her when they're in the exact same situation, except she's pregnant. She's the one having the baby, and she's the one who deserves to talk about her problems so that neither she nor the baby are stressed; James will be fine; he can deal with it on his own.

 

He's fine.

 

He's fine.

 

He'll be fine.

 

He misses Sirius like he's missing a limb; they're supposed to be inseparable, two halves of the same soul, beyond platonic, beyond descriptors and labels and assumptions and understanding. They're two puzzle pieces, and no matter which way they face, no matter what shape their edges are, they fit. 

 

They always fit.

 

But James is here now, waiting, his edges sharp and erratic, constantly changing, and Sirius isn't here to fit with him.

 

He needs Sirius here, another thought that sends guilt running through his veins because why would he want Sirius to be stuck here with him in this "safe house" that is anything but safe. He shouldn't want to drag him here, but he does; he wants him to match as they build their energy, happiness, and laughter from one another, always going up, never going down.

 

James just wants to fit back with Sirius again.

 

He misses Regulus too, and if the guilt he feels about how his absence and choices affect anyone else is lemon juice, stinging his soul and leaving an unpleasant taste in his mouth, his guilt for Regulus is poison, disintegrating everything it touches, almost too much to bear.

 

Regulus is doing better mentally than when he first ended the war, but he's still not doing well. James thought he'd been helping because he's good at helping; that's what he does best. He helps and he gives his happiness to others regardless of his own need for it, but he'll never forget the utterly broken expression on Regulus' face when he talked to him through the mirror for the first time since he'd gone to the safe house.

 

Regulus had seemed angry at Dumbledore rather than at James once he'd learnt the truth, but James still doesn't know how Regulus is going to forgive him.

 

James still doesn't know how he's going to forgive himself.

 

 

Regulus is trying to find a way to get James out of that prison, but it's hard.

 

It's hard, and on top of everything else that he's trying to deal with at the moment, it's almost too much, but Regulus will suffer through anything if it's James waiting for him in the aftermath. 

 

He misses James, and even though he knows the best thing for James to do is get as far away from him as possible, he still wishes he were here.

 

To get him here, though, Regulus needs to break him out and to do that, he needs to find a way to track James and break through the multitude of wards that are undoubtedly surrounding the property.

 

Regulus isn't too worried about the wards; his life has become almost constant ward casting for the past 3 years, but he doesn't know how to find James, and he wants to find him and bring him back as much as he wants to forget about James and leave him alone.

 

Like with Sirius, the further away from Regulus he is, the safer he is, but Regulus is weak, weak, always so weak, so he refuses to let them go.

 

The longer he stays away from James, the more he lets the entire situation get to him, self-loathing reaching an all-time high at the way this is entirely his fault. If he hadn't been weak enough to let James into his life, Dumbledore wouldn't have been able to use him against him, and he can feel something inside him getting ready to snap. He's reaching a breaking point, and he doesn't know if it will end in crying or screaming or what it will be, but it won't be pretty.

 

He's dangling on an elastic band, and the tension is almost too great to bear his weight.

 

Unexpectedly, but also unsurprisingly and just like with his first post-war breakdown, Sirius sets him off.

 

Regulus has spent the past 10 days since James left in the library researching, reading and trying to bring him back.

 

He's mostly left alone unless Evan and Barty come to join him because they're always together, even when they're fighting, but they're manageable. Remus is also tolerable enough even though he spends most of his time with Sirius, which Regulus appreciates because he has become insufferable without James.

 

He harasses Regulus at almost every opportunity because he no longer has James to talk to, or he's on the mirror talking to James at every hour of the day, which Regulus can't block out because he's refusing to cast silencing spells in case something happens and he can't hear it and prevent it.

 

Sirius is also trying to find a way to get James back too, he even came into the library a couple of times, but he talks while he walks and talks while he reads and talks and talks and talks. 10 days after James left, when Regulus is running on no more than 3 hours of sleep a night, lacking meals that he can't be bothered to make, his emotions a suffocating, cloying mix of self-hatred, anxiety and paranoia; he just has enough. 

 

Before he's realised what's happening, he's stood up from his seat and is screaming at Sirius, who naturally yells back, they have the same DNA, after all, and while they're different people, they've always been able to fight with each other.

 

"Sirius, shut the fuck up", Regulus begins in a burst of frustration which is a relatively tame response for him, but Sirius takes it the wrong way and blows up, and Regulus reciprocates, neither of them backing down and only making things worse and worse and worse.

 

"Sorry I'm trying to help two of my best friends get out of a literal prison; you should be trying to help when it's your fault that they're there in the first place, so just try to help. Try to care. Give a shit for once in your life and try for someone other than yourself, you selfish little prick. Just think of someone else for once, and fucking try!"

 

He thinks Sirius is trying to shock some sense into him or let off some steam, but it hurts.

 

God, it hurts; all Regulus does is try. 

 

He tried to be enough to his parents and enough for Sirius to stay, and enough for Voldemort to keep him around.

 

Then he tried to be enough for James to love him, enough for Sirius so they could become brothers again, and enough for himself.

 

He tried, he tried, he's always trying, but it's still not enough.

 

He's too weak to succeed and forever inadequate.

 

Ignoring the pain that flares sharply in his chest and firmly repressing these thoughts, he steps forwards and shoves Sirius backwards. 

 

"Oh fuck you, like you're any better, running away from home like a fucking coward, but I suppose you can come back and stay for your real brother. How about I just leave again –"

 

"Don't you fucking dare," Sirius cuts in lowly, his eyes flashing dangerously.

 

"Give me one reason why not; it's not like you'll miss me when you get your real brother back –"

 

"Well, I won't if you're going to keep acting like this –"

 

Regulus throws the first punch, Sirius tries and fails to block the second and then he throws the third until it turns into an ugly, messy brawl on the library floor, miscommunication and pain and anger and frustration all coming out in the worst ways, all sharp edges and bitter words that leave both of them bleeding.

 

It's therapeutic for both of them in a deeply unhealthy way, and as much as they try to deny it, they are their parent's children, regardless of who they wish they were instead. They were born into violence and raised with violence, so it's no wonder it's become such an intrinsic part of themselves.

 

Regulus would kill anyone who tried to hurt Sirius, he has killed people who have threatened to, and he'd do it over and over again without hesitation.

 

He'll protect Sirius from violence at any cost, make sure no one ever lays a hand on him, but fuck if it doesn't feel good when he's the one doing it. 

 

It's almost soothing the way that he shoves and hits and kicks Sirius from where they're both lying on the floor, and it feels so satisfying that he barely registers the way Sirius has stopped hitting him back and has now got him in a headlock, fighting in the way only siblings can. Eventually, Sirius grows sick of it as he restrains Regulus, or at least tries to, who keeps kicking his legs, pushing and pushing and trying to shove him away, until Sirius lets out a sigh of frustration. He hauls them both upright, holding Regulus at arm's length, resigned to watch with almost amusement as Regulus tries to fight free and come closer. Still, Sirius was always bigger and stronger than him as kids, or physically anyways, and even now, there's still the slight difference between them without taking into account the fact that Regulus has had one meal a day at most for the past week and a half and almost looks to be on the verge of passing out. He impatiently bats at Sirius' hands on his shoulders and walks to the other side of the room, still glaring.

 

Sirius is the eldest. He should be mature about it; he should know better –

 

"I won, you fucker”, he says with a smug tilt of his head, and then he ducks hastily, still laughing, his nose still bleeding as Regulus throws a book at him, swearing profusely before he leaves the library, slamming the door behind him as he goes.

 

 

Regulus hears Sirius laughing at him and is tempted to go back inside and fight him again, but doesn't want to deal with the humiliation of losing again.

 

If they'd been using magic, he would have been fine, it would have barely been a fight at all, but Regulus had gone so long being invincible that he'd almost forgotten he had a weakness. 

 

He's not about to bring it up again, so he goes back to his room or tries to anyways, coming across Barty and Evan, who had been coming up from the kitchen, but his temper is still strong, and he hasn't calmed down. Before they can say a word, Regulus shoves Barty into the wall, storming past them with a sharp "get the fuck out of my way" before practically stomping up the stairs into his room.

 

 

"Such a sweet boy", Evan says sarcastically, watching him go.

 

"Isn't he just."

 

They duck out of the way, having already anticipated the pair of stinging hexes from above, and then both glance up at Regulus' closed door and then at each other.

 

Barty whistles incredulously, still looking a mixture of amused and embarrassed on Regulus' behalf as he says, "that boy is absolutely gone for him. I don't think I've ever seen him this unstable; he literally can't cope without Potter anymore."

 

Evan looks at him, wondering if he should ask. 

 

He probably shouldn't.

 

He does anyways. 

 

"You think he was like this after you?" he asks curiously, honestly intrigued as he tries to figure out what Regulus was like; they saw him go after the sixth-year holidays and then didn't see him again until 2 weeks after he won the war.

 

He's changed a lot, but in other ways, he hasn't, and this moment is eerily reminiscent of when Regulus came back to school for fifth year the summer after Sirius had run away and he seemed to float, almost like a ghost, untethered from reality and trying to find out where to belong, as though he'd lost the person who anchored him to safety.

 

He had been lost and distant for the most part, but he'd been like he is now too; prickly, moods changing wildly, but even though he and Barty hadn't been official then, they'd still had each other.

 

Evan helped the best he could, but he wasn't Barty.

 

Even now, he still believes that no one else can be Barty.

 

Currently, the only comparable person in this situation is Sirius since James is the one who is missing, but Regulus still hasn't told him that he's dating his best friend, so the whole relying on someone healthily and actually opening up isn't an option either.

 

"Who knows," Barty replies rhetorically, seemingly focusing on something else, and Evan frowns in anticipation of the answer as he asks another question.

 

"You're not regretting anything, are you?" he asks. "You're not jealous of them? Or wanting him back?"

 

Barty's pensive expression switches to utter frustration in a heartbeat.

 

"Fucks sake Evan, will you shut up for once. I told you I liked you so many times. I tell you almost every day, so why would I have decided on a whim to stop –"

 

"Well, you went off with enough people during the war, so why am I any different –"

 

"I fucking tell you why –"

 

"How many other people did you give the same speech to?"

 

"God, you fuck me off", Barty shoots back furiously, glaring at Evan, who glares back.

 

Glaring.

 

Angry.

 

Fuming.

 

Kissing.

 

Neither can tell who moves first, but when they meet halfway, it's rough.

 

It's fury and frustration and giving in and resisting; it's everything they want, everything they are, everything Evan refuses to let them have.

 

This becomes evident as he eventually pushes Barty away, who is already leaning in for more, looking so deprived, so lost without it that Evan almost pities him until he realises what's on the line here.

 

It's everything they could be in arms reach; Evan can literally reach out and touch it, pulling Barty in closer.

 

It's not just a kiss; it could be the start of so much more.

 

"It's just a kiss", Evan says sharply, "doesn't change anything, it means nothing" before he goes up the stairs, off to see Regulus so that Barty doesn't ask him to stay, doesn't ask him to believe him, doesn't make Evan say yes just to watch him leave a week later. 

 

He slams the door behind him, startling Regulus, who seems to be staring into nothing at his desk. Before Evan can try to make Regulus lock his door so that he and Barty are on two separate sides, the door slams back open, rattling the hinges. Barty storms in fuming, uncaring about spectators as he goes off at Evan, trying to kiss him in equal parts as he tries to push him away, fighting with him as much as he tries to be gentle with him, hating him as much as he loves him.

 

 

It's late evening, and like he always does, Sirius is talking to James.

 

Usually, Regulus will come and talk to him, making snide comments over his shoulder that James can read the deeper meaning of. Other times, he'll just snatch the mirror from Sirius entirely, locking himself away and basking in the warmth James brings even when he's not here as he reassures himself that James is coming back.

 

That James is coming back to him.

 

There's no way he's forgotten that James isn't here, and it almost holds him back from his research; the price of failure seems so great that it presses down and suffocates Regulus, threatening to break him.

 

He thinks the only reason it hasn't is because that's precisely what Dumbledore wants to happen, and Regulus wouldn't be Regulus Black if spite didn't give him the ability to defy the laws of nature.

 

So, he's researching how to break into the wards and find out where they are in the first place, he's trying to find literally any hint of a clue on how to get James out, and he's got nothing. 

 

Just like always, he's failing.

 

He's trying, and it's not enough because he's still not enough.

 

He slips into what appears to be a daydream from an outsider's perspective, but what Regulus thinks is more of a detachment from reality, unable to process what is actually going on, unwilling to be aware of it.

 

He doesn't know how long it lasts, maybe a minute, maybe an hour, when he is jolted violently from the haze over his mind as the door slams open. He turns around in shock to see Evan standing in the middle of the room, glaring at Regulus looking equal parts pleased and disappointed with himself, but before Regulus can ask what Barty has done to set him off, Barty shoves the door open seconds later, anger and frustration radiating off him in palpable waves. He walks straight up to Evan, pushing him against the wall as he shouts, "stop running away from me, you piece of shit," and Regulus realises they're having relationship problems.

 

Again.

 

Usually, he's invested in the drama, but right now? He's just bitter and resentful that they even have a relationship to fight over.

 

He hates it.

 

He hates them.

 

He hates them for having the nerve to have each other when Regulus' world is collapsing without James.

 

He hates them.

 

He wishes he were them.

 

He hates them.

 

"If you're going to complain about your relationship, then you can fuck right off", Regulus says coldly, cutting off their argument that he isn't paying much attention. "Your problems are your own fault, and you can deal with them on your own; I'm the one who is missing the goddamn love of my life, so be grateful that you have each other right now and let me be the one who's having the crisis", and he's still glaring, panting slightly from his outburst as –

 

"Love of your life, hey?" Barty replies, his anger at Evan evidently put aside for the time being as they share an amused look, Regulus' heartache evidently being entertaining enough to forget about their own.

 

"I didn't say that", Regulus says automatically, looking for an escape route which only makes the others more entertained.

 

"Oh, but you did", Barty crows delightedly as Evan adds, "our little Reggie is in love -"

 

"Drop it", Regulus says again, his eyes flashing with annoyance, but Barty has never known when to stop, has always known Regulus and how to push and push and push and –

 

"Nice to see you moving on from me at last", he says nonchalantly, "even if you do love a Gryffindor and we're forced to deal with him –"

 

Regulus snaps, eyes wild, chest heaving as he just, has enough.

 

"Well, take your blessings that it's not a problem at the moment, is it? Because he's fucking gone, and it's all my fault because I can't love him enough to keep him safe, so he's not here, and I have to deal with the fact that it's for the best if he never comes back if this is where it's going to leave him again. I'm so glad one of us is happy here, but guess what? Once again, it's not me!"

 

There's a long pause as everyone stares at Regulus, slightly surprised by his outburst, and no one says anything until Evan mutters, "oh, he's absolutely in love", and Regulus lets out a scream of pure frustration and kicks him in the shin.

 

"How about I take Barty away from you for two weeks, and we see how you like it when I go on and on about how you love him even though all you can focus on is how he's not fucking here. How would you like that, Evan? Fucking tell me!"

 

Evan is slightly blindsided by the harsh nature of the conversation, even though he should have seen it coming by winding Regulus up when he's in a state. All he can do is grab Barty tightly by the wrist, probably hurting him a little, but it grounds him that he's here.

 

"Fucking tell me!" Regulus screams, and Barty sighs and says, "alright, Reg, settle down. We'll help you get your man back even if we'd rather –"

 

"Don't finish that fucking sentence", Regulus says threateningly, his wand raised, but Barty just smiles fondly.

 

"Shut up and let us help you; what have you got so far?"

 

The problem is, Regulus has very little in terms of research and theories. If he had a way to find James, he thinks he could deal with the wards easily enough after he found a way to dismantle the alert function, but it's just finding James that is the problem.

 

He's tried following leads to where he thinks he'll be, tried following the invisible string that ties their hearts together, and he swears he can feel James' heartbeat, hopes that James can feel the way that Regulus' is still beating for him, but he never gets far.

 

Regulus hopes it's the wards hiding where the string goes and not James who has cut it with a pair of scissors, severing the ties between them, cutting Regulus out of his life.

 

But no, James talks to him every night for however long Regulus can keep the mirror from Sirius; James promises him that he's fighting to come back.

 

James promises Regulus that he's coming back to him, and there's nothing that can stop Regulus from getting him back.

 

He tries explaining his limited theories to Evan and Barty, who just look lost purely because Regulus' theories don't actually make any sense. By the time he's finished, they're both staring blankly at him, and Regulus is preparing to drown in yet another wave of hopelessness and misery until Evan mutters, "shame he never got the mark, then you could have just hacked into the dark marks and found him." Regulus is about to start a rant on how magical tattoos and muggle technology are not comparable in the slightest when Barty says, "hang on, Evan. You might be onto something."

 

"Onto what?" Regulus demands, refusing to let himself hope, preparing for the disappointment that will inevitably follow -.

 

"You removed our dark marks, so you at least understand the spell on how to replicate the magic and use its tracking properties?"

 

"I don't just understand it," Regulus answers offendedly. "I can replicate it if I have to. I could give you the dark mark right now if –"

 

"So you could replicate the Dark Lord's magic and hack into it to find us; could you do the same with James' magic?" Barty asks, cocking his head as he watches Regulus consider his question in deep thought, frowning for a minute until his whole face lights up, and for the first time since James went missing, he feels hope, genuine hope that he's going to get him back.

 

"I'd need his blood to replicate his magic since I don't have any of his own magic here, but I can't get it." There's a long pause and then a rushed "I can't get his blood to trace his magic, but I can trace mine." 

 

Regulus almost runs from the room as he goes to find Sirius, who is using the mirror to talk to James.

 

 

Sirius is talking to James; it’s all he seems to do now besides fight with Regulus and work with Remus to bring James back.

 

He and Remus are smart, they always have been, especially when they apply themselves, but they’ve never been academic prodigies like Regulus. Apart from Remus during exam season, neither of them have thrown themselves completely into research to the point that they’ve memorised the book. Neither of them can even compare to the amount of knowledge that Regulus has, especially on darker magic, and if Regulus were to have had any breakthroughs, he would have already acted on them by now.

 

He asked James once if he knew why Regulus was taking his disappearance so personally, but James had just laughed weakly and changed the conversation, so Sirius wonders if maybe they had a fight.

 

Who knows? He’s sure he’ll find out someday.

 

All they do is brainstorm how to save James these days, but they’re taking a short break now as they talk to him, or rather Remus watches fondly as Sirius and James speak over each other at such a rapid pace that he can’t even get a word in. Or, they're talking until their routine is broken by Regulus storming into the sitting room and snatching the mirror from where it was propped up against the vase on the table.

 

“Hey!” Sirius cries indignantly.

 

“Hey”, James says softly.

 

Some emotion flutters over Regulus’ face that Sirius can’t quite make out but would almost describe as tender, but it lasts less than a second until he’s scowling at James through the mirror, literally looking livid that he exists, and James beams at him.

 

“Hey”, he repeats, but Regulus cuts him off with a sharp “James, I swear to fuck, if you don’t have your wand holster in that prison with you, I’m going to set the world on fire.”

 

“Um”, James replies inelegantly and redundantly.

 

“James, fucking answer the question”, he almost snarls, and James replies with a hesitant “yes, I do have it, but –“

 

“Thank fuck you’re not as useless as Sirius”, is all Regulus replies before he whirls around and leaves the room, leaving the marauders staring at each other in slight bewilderment.

 

“Why would he call me useless?” Sirius asks, breaking the silence. "I’m so useful.”

 

“I’m more useful; Regulus said so”, James replies, smiling smugly at him, which Sirius pouts at until Remus gives him a suggestive glance and says, “you’re useful in other ways, darling. Wanna show me?”  

 

James hastily leaves the call after that and goes back to looking around the four walls of his house and wishing he was home.

 

 

A few hours later, Sirius and Remus are lying in bed together when Sirius glances out the window, staring at the almost full moon and says forlornly, “Hope it won’t be the first one without Prongs”. Then he looks back at Remus with his eyes wide and beseeching, and Remus sighs as he wraps his arms around him.

 

He can tell it’s been hard on Sirius, not having James, and he’s noticed how tense it’s made him almost clingy now, never wanting to lose sight of Remus for too long at a time, and the way he excessively checks the wards, always tense until he feels Regulus’ magic on the wards and in the house until he cancels the spell, only to recast it 10 minutes later, checking, checking, checking.

 

He always goes to check that James is here too, but he never is.

 

It’s hard on himself, too. He’s not enjoying not having James around, and he’s lived with him more or less for 10 years, and while he feels his absence like an empty room in a busy house, he knows it’s not the same way Sirius feels the lack of James like a gaping hole in his aching heart.

 

Still, he wishes he could help, and he’s trying, he’s supposed to be the smart one in this group but he doesn’t know how anymore. Maybe he’s been outsmarted? Maybe his half-blooded nature and poor upbringing have finally been realised as insufficient? Maybe it’s just the wolf in him, bringing its curse wherever he goes, condemning James and Sirius to be forever tied to him –

 

“Sirius! Sirius!” Remus says, jolting upright in the bed, the mixture of the sudden movement and the urgency in his voice evidently making Sirius jolt from his daze in a panicked flurry, his paranoia kicking into overdrive. He's frantically scanning Remus’ body, trying to see where the blood is or who’s not here, and he’s patting him down as he tries to find out where the pain is until Remus catches his hands and their eyes meet, and Sirius deflates all at once because he knows that look.

 

It’s the look he has when he has an idea for a prank.

 

It’s the look he has when he gets the O he always knew he was going to get on an assignment.

 

It’s a look Sirius used to see often but saw less and less frequently the longer the war went on.

 

It’s the sign of an idea, a perfect one. It’s the sign of self-belief and commitment to see it through.

 

It’s an idea. It’s a vision. It’s hope.

 

 

Regulus has a breakthrough at 3 in the morning on the seventeenth day after James disappeared.

 

The Dark Mark that he reverse-engineered had properties to be able to track the others who had it, which was supposed to just be a capability that Voldemort had, but since Regulus figured out how to cast and remove the mark, he also figured out how to use Voldemort's magic to essentially channel his magic in his mark to be able to trace the other Death Eaters.

 

He uses the same application to find James.

 

There’s no mark or anything involved this time, but Regulus traces runes onto a piece of parchment using his blood as ink and basically makes up an entirely new series of spells.

 

He starts at 5pm just after Evan and Barty give him the idea, and it takes him 10 hours to figure out the spells to use for tracking, the potion to brew to increase his magic and allow it to be more perceptible to being found, runes to draw to trace where James is but not let the wards around the house alert Dumbledore that outside magical occurrences are happening, but eventually, he does it.

 

He does it.

 

He succeeds because, for once, he's enough.

 

He has a map of the world, and he’s staring greedily at Great Britain, preparing to cast the final spell and see a 3D light shine like a lighthouse, showing him the way home to James.

 

The red light on the map will show himself. The green lights will show all the magical objects his magical signature is on, including the wand holster James is holding in his hands.

 

Most of the green lights are going to be at Grimmauld Place, but another green light should pop up wherever James is, and Regulus is staring at the map, staring at Great Britain and waiting for the green light to appear. When it does, though, it’s in the same place as the red one that signifies the source of the magic, him.

 

But James isn’t in Grimmauld Place, and Regulus is the red light, and the green lights are all of the objects his magical signature, so where is James, where is the other green light and what's that in his peripheral vision and 

 

Oh.

 

Oh, it’s James, there he is.

 

It’s James in the middle of rural Belgium, which is only cementing his need to kill Dumbledore as soon as he has James back.

 

He looks closer and finds him on the outskirts of Florennes and even though he’s a thousand kilometres away, Regulus swears that he can feel James running towards him, the distance between them getting exponentially smaller, and even though Regulus is tired, burnout and exhausted, there’s no way he’s sleeping tonight.

 

No, the next time he goes to sleep, it will be in James’ arms.

 

He runs to Sirius and Remus’ room, uncaring about the early hour as he bangs on the door, ignoring the annoyed muttering. Sirius stumbles to the door holding the mirror in his hand with Remus close behind him, and Regulus looks at them for the first time in seventeen days and doesn’t have the urge to fight them for having the nerve to be with their boyfriend when his has been so harshly ripped away from him.

 

Sirius looks immediately on guard at whatever Regulus wants at literally 3 in the morning, but Regulus is almost smiling, practically giddy with excitement as he once again plucks the mirror out of Sirius's hand and says, “James, I’ve found you."

 

Three incredulous gazes snap towards him.

 

"You’re in Belgium, and I know your exact location, but I don’t know how to get inside the wards yet. I’m working on it, though, and if someone could get inside and dismantle the first few from there, then I could do the rest from the outside, but I’m still researching and still finding and –“

 

“You said me, James and Sirius were bonded,” Remus cuts in, and Regulus’ head swivels towards him. “You said we needed to be careful because blood wards and magical signature wards aren’t exclusive to any of us; they’re collective. So Sirius and I can go in, right?”

 

“You may not be able to come out, though; I don’t know how it works”, Regulus says, glancing hopefully at Remus for answers, but he looks as lost as Regulus, shrugging helplessly.

 

“What about Lily?” Sirius asks, "we need to get her out too, and then he elbows Regulus sharply in the side as he mutters, “how about we fucking leave her there.”

 

“Regulus, quit being a prick”, Sirius hisses back, going to kick him in the leg until Remus firmly pulls them apart and says, “if we go in and dismantle the wards from the inside, you could do the rest from the outside so we can go straight out, right?”

 

“That could work,” Regulus says breathlessly, and something shifts at that moment, a shared feeling of belief, hope, and desire for vengeance.

 

It doesn’t take long for them to make a plan after that. Regulus takes them to Belgium, and they find the house; Sirius and Remus go inside and dismantle the alerting wards from the outside until Regulus can get rid of them from the outside, and James?

 

All he has to do is pack because today’s the day they’re breaking him out.

 

Today’s the day James is coming home.

 

Today’s the day home comes back to Regulus.

 

 

They land in Belgium, and Regulus feels the sun that Britain has been lacking for the past 18 days.

 

He’s so close; he's so warm.

 

Evan and Barty aren’t here because Regulus wanted someone to stay in Britain in case Dumbledore tried anything while they were gone, and where Evan goes, Barty goes.

 

Regulus asked Barty to stay, so Evan stayed too.

 

Remus and Sirius bring Mary to break James out, which Regulus is remarkably pissed off at, even though he tolerates Mary for the pure reasons that Lily is dating her, and if she’s dating her, then she’s not dating James.

 

Still, Regulus glares at her when she shows up, she pulls the finger at him and tells him to go fuck himself, and Regulus decides he might end up liking her after all.

 

So they go to Belgium, Regulus side-along apparating all three of them; where they land 200 metres away from where the green light is glowing on the map with such scary precision, all of the others stare at him in shock.

 

“Oh shit, so you’re the smart brother”, Mary says, nodding once in approval, and Regulus likes her even more, especially as Sirius splutters indignantly and Regulus smiles sweetly at him, patting his cheek in mock consolation.

 

“Excuse me?” Sirius says indignantly. “I can’t believe you’d say that; the absolute betrayal I feel –“

 

“You’ll survive”, Regulus replies blandly, turning around and following his map towards what looks to be a house surrounded by woods, not bothering to wait and see if the others are following him.

 

He knows they will be, but he can’t slow down, he’s found the string tying him and James together, and he follows it, follows the pull and the green light on the map all the way to James until he feels dark magic curdling in the air almost like spoiled milk.

 

The wards reek of dark magic.

 

Regulus knows he's in the right place.

 

The others are walking ridiculously slowly compared to Regulus, who practically sprinted there, and he stomps back to hurry them up.

 

Sirius is the only one who doesn’t know the exact reason why he’s so desperate to get James back, but he is also aware enough of how moody and unstable he’s been since he’s been gone, so he’s just glad they’re finally on the same side as they fight to get James back.

 

Regulus is nervous about the whole plan, purely because he’s not the only one with a chance of getting hurt if things go wrong, and while he still sees Mary as borderline expendable, he knows that James and Sirius like her, which means Regulus has to protect her too.

 

How inconvenient.

 

“Right”, Regulus says sharply, no emotion on his face as all emotions in his mind recede into the abyss, very much in fight mode and not allowing anything else to distract him. “Sirius and Remus, you go through the wards and dismantle the alert ward; it won’t be very far in, but we’ll keep your mirror in case anything happens and you can share James’. When they’re done, I’ll dismantle the rest after you have gotten out of there and Mary, you can –. What can you do? Why are you even here?”

 

“You’re the smart brother, so surely you can figure out that you’re being a bitch”, Mary replies coolly, raising an eyebrow as Regulus raises one back, neither of them unwavering until Remus cuts in, saying, “you have portkeys for us, right Mary?” and her and Regulus’ staring contest is quickly broken.

 

“I have undetectable portkeys that can take you back to London, but they only last for an hour, and then they return to being objects. You only have an hour to either drop them or use them; I’ll cast them just before you go inside –“

 

“Can you make the portkey take them anywhere?” Regulus cuts in, staring at her again in the intense but emotionless way that seems to be his default.

 

Mary looks genuinely offended. 

 

“I didn’t come second in charms for my entire seven years at Hogwarts and then end up dating the girl who came first just for you to ask me if I can change its basic function”, she begins, shooting Regulus the most unimpressed look he’s ever seen on her and looking ready to continue on a long-winded rant that Regulus has no desire to hear.

 

“You clearly never learned conciseness either”, he sniffs in full pureblood mode before his whole mood changes as he nods to himself once and orders, “send them to France.”

 

Everyone looks at him impressed, as each person understands a different part of the sentiment.

 

“Oh, because you don’t want Dumbledore to come after us again –“

 

“and if we’re out of the country it will make it harder and in France –“

 

“We have family properties that I’m the master of, so I can shut everybody out,” Sirius finishes, glancing at Mary, who nods once and says, “France it is, then. Are we all ready to go?”

 

Everyone nods their assent, but before Sirius can step closer to the wards, Regulus grabs the cuff of his sleeve, halting him.

 

“If you forget the portkey or can’t get out or refuse to leave, I won’t save you, but I will break in just to kill you, understand?” he says seriously. 

 

Sirius just raises an amused eyebrow and says, “you don’t want me to get stuck in the house? I thought you’d be glad to finally get rid of me –“ and then he lets out a huff of choked air as Regulus hits him hard in the stomach and says “god, you’re so fucking stupid”, whirling around and stalking to the other end of the wards.

 

Sirius just shakes his head, glancing fondly at Regulus, who now has the mirror and is furiously muttering, presumably about him, to James as they take the portkeys and step forwards.

 

“See you in France”, Remus says to Mary and Regulus, and then he and Sirius step forwards into the wards, and almost immediately, Regulus hears a gasp of pure excitement through the mirror that James is holding onto. Then there’s the sound of a mixture of laughing and sobbing, and slightly blurry images of its occurrence as James seems to forget all about the mirror as he wraps his arms around Sirius and Remus.

 

“Sirius, stop crying and get him out”, Regulus hisses through the phone, ignoring the indignant “oi, I’m here too!” from Lily, ignoring the way Mary shoved her elbow into his ribs as he rolls his eyes and then yanking the mirror from Regulus who tries to grab it back as her whole face softens in relief.

 

“Lily, Lily, oh, thank god you’re alright.”

 

The crying recommences, and Regulus tunes them out, impatient for the wards to start being dismantled so they can get out and see James, but it’s taking a lifetime.

 

Remus is doing most of the ward dismantling since Sirius didn’t even take ancient runes in the first place, but he’s always been excellent at defence against the dark arts and has been casting counter curses, and shields against the offensive spells that the wards are releasing. It's dangerous, but it's also such a relief that their magic hasn’t been suppressed like James and Lily’s because it means there’s a chance of them getting out.

 

It sounds chaotic but like everyone is enjoying themselves, which seems to be their default really, but Regulus is nowhere close to enjoying this.

 

If it was just him, he probably would think that this was fun, him getting back at Dumbledore, undoubtedly making him pissed off when he finds out that his captives are missing, and it would be a way for Regulus to let off some of his stress.

 

But with James and Sirius tied into this, and Remus, who he’s starting to grow slightly fond of? And Mary and Lily, who he still doesn’t like but may have begun to grow on him a little?

 

They could get hurt, and it would be all Regulus’ fault, and it’s hard enough to get up each day without having that on his conscience.

 

Mary mostly talks to Lily and James through the mirror while Regulus paces, his wand raised and ready to fight, stressing about anything and everything.

 

He’s never fought someone with people before, excluding when he was still an active Death Eater, and this makes him sure that if he ever goes to fight again, he’s going to be alone. Every time he hears a gasp, shouts, or even laughter through the mirror, his heart drops, his lungs seize up, and his fingers start trembling as he snatches it off Mary and demands to be told what’s happening.

 

It’s a cycle that feels like decades but has been no more than 50 minutes until Remus says, “it’s done; the alert wards are removed”, and Regulus tells everyone inside to activate their portkeys on the count of 10.

 

“You go too, Mary”, he murmurs, counting in his head. “I’m almost done.”

 

“I’ll stay,” she counters, raising an eyebrow, and Regulus scowls, slapping the small paperclip that acts as her portkey in her hand and says, “you’ll go, this part is too dangerous, and Sirius will kill me if you die.”

 

“I’ll see you in the afterlife then”, she says, her gaze unwavering as she drops the portkey on the ground, and Regulus almost screams in frustration because the numbers in his head are already at 3,

 

2,

 

1.

 

Regulus casts fiendfyre at the same moment the portkeys activate, the fire leaving a gaping hole in the wards and destroying the magic that prevents the others from leaving. They pass through, unaffected and undetected, the house crumbling to pieces seconds after in a destructive haze of orange lights and charcoal smoke.

 

He cancels the spell carelessly, almost like an afterthought, and he doesn’t doubt that Dumbledore has felt the magic of the wards being obliterated and is undoubtedly on his way.

 

It would be safer to disapparate, but they both want to see his reaction, so they hide behind the nearest tree, and it’s no more than 10 seconds until Dumbledore shows up in the clearing, his eyes immediately drawn to the smouldering letters that Regulus had left inscribed in the wards.

 

Dumbledore’s entire face contorts in anger, even more so as the crack of apparation of Regulus and Mary’s disapparation sounds, and he realises that everyone has escaped.

 

He shoots a spell off instantly at the place Regulus disappeared from, but he’s already gone, and the wards are still burning, still releasing magic, still mocking him as he tries to dissolve the flames and eradicate the letters that taunt him.

 

They glow orange under the moonlight.

 

1-0 to the side that won twice.

 

 

Regulus side-alongs Mary back to the Black family holiday houses in Saulieu, and he lands them elegantly on the front steps and turns to see that the others had been waiting at the end of the driveway and are now coming up towards them. Sirius is up in his face, frantically patting down Regulus, checking if he’s injured or if he’s alright, but Regulus hardly notices because just over his shoulder is James.

 

Oh, it’s James.

 

Sirius is still shaking Regulus, trying to get his response which ends up being an impatient brushing away of hands and a breathless “Sirius, I’m not even sorry.” He steps forwards, fists James towards him by the front of his shirt and kisses him, and nothing else matters because he’s here, James is here, and Regulus is home.

 

Regulus is home, and home has come back to him, and they break away, hugging tightly. They can breathe; they're back together. They’re together until they’re not as Sirius wrenches them apart, a furious look in his eye as he demands, “what the fuck is going on here?”

 

 

Sirius drags the pair of them inside, Remus comes to do damage control, Lily and Mary come for the entertainment, while James is inwardly panicking.

 

He knows that he should have told Sirius earlier, but Regulus hadn’t wanted to, and James hadn’t wanted to choose Regulus over Sirius. In this circumstance, though, it seemed okay because it was his and Regulus’ relationship.

 

It’s clearly not okay now as Sirius shoves each of them onto opposite ends of the couch, raising his wand in threat at Regulus, who glares back at him and moves closer to James, only for Sirius to manhandle him onto the armchair across the room.

 

James loves Regulus, truly he does, and he knows that he probably should have mentioned it to Sirius when it was still the crushing stage, but then it got too late, and then Regulus was having a hard time, so James didn’t want to add any stress. Then Sirius was having a hard time, and then Regulus was happy, but James didn’t want to ruin the happiness for him if Sirius reacted badly. So, James kept pretending it was fine, pretending he was fine, and pretending he didn’t feel like the guilt for lying to his best friend was eating him alive.

 

But the truth is out now.

 

And even though Sirius is furious, ready to yell, and Regulus looks ready to fight back, James only feels relief that the truth is out. There are no more lies between him and Sirius, and they’re all going to work through it.

 

It’s all fun and games being the happy friend, the supportive friend, the perpetually happy friend until the games stop being fun and the mask of a smile is threatening to crack, the hammer slowly chipping away at the marble mask, fragments of his sanity falling to the ground with every hit.

 

“When did this happen?” Sirius begins, his voice sharp and his eyes cold, gesturing pointedly between them.

 

“About two months ago”, James says, his voice increasing in pitch at the end like it’s a question.

 

“The twenty-second of January”, Regulus says sharply, enunciating each word with a glare at James and a glare at Sirius, the latter who looks even more furious for what has been almost three months of lies, lies and yet more lies.

 

But the truth is out now; there are no more lies between them, so how bad can it go anyways?

 

Quite bad.

 

Sirius and Regulus start screaming at each other like James has never seen before. This isn’t brotherly fighting; no, this is harsh and ugly and real.

 

“Go fuck yourself? You’re telling me to go fuck myself? That’s all you have to say to me, Reggie, until you snog my best friend? He deserves better than just a casual hook-up so you can stop whatever this little game is that you’re playing and –“

 

“Oh fuck off, Sirius, stop making assumptions about me like you know anything when you don’t. You don’t know shit about me anymore since you fucking left me, and you wonder why I didn’t tell you about this? I didn’t want to tell you because I knew you’d act like this! I’m just a Death Eater with no feelings, aren’t I? I’m a Slytherin, so I’m too dark and too dangerous for someone as good as your best friend, so I should just go be miserable, shouldn’t I? You’re being so damn selfish and –“

 

“Give me one good reason why you didn't tell me!”

 

“Because I knew you’d act like this!”

 

“With logic? With reason? With –“

 

“With fucking anger and questions and lack of respect for us and our privacy, just like mother!” Regulus bursts out, and then there’s a long silence of too many words left unsaid, screaming in the silence.

 

They strike Sirius, who stumbles back as if he’s been hit, his eyes wide and wounded.

 

“You are the worst brother anyone could ever ask for”, Sirius hisses out, lashing out in anger and making sure Regulus hurts just like his mother used to make him feel.

 

Then he grabs James by the arm and pulls him from the room, away from Regulus, and as the door slams shut, leaving Regulus alone, he puts his head in his hands and screws his eyes shut, barely able to believe that he’s screwed this up again.

 

At the same time, he knows it was inevitable; this was always going to happen. 

 

The truth gets out, James sides with Sirius, Sirius sides with James.

 

And Regulus?

 

Regulus loses them both.

 

 

Sirius thought the worst pain of today would have been the stress and fear and anxiety of not getting James and Lily back or of Remus, Regulus or Mary being hurt somehow during the rescue.

 

He hadn’t anticipated the utter betrayal of watching his little brother kiss his best friend and his best friend kissing him back, instinctively like they’d done it before.

 

He sees them and watches them distantly as though he’s left his body slightly as they embrace, and selfishly, he hates it.

 

He’s mine, Regulus  Sirius thinks. Just let me have him. I always gave you everything I had, everything I am even when you rejected me, but don’t take James away from me. Just give me one thing for myself.

 

If it was anyone else, he’d be supportive. If it was anyone else, he’d be wolf whistling and cheering, but as James and Regulus pull apart, grinning elatedly, and as Sirius watches as the tension in Regulus’ shoulders drains for the first time since James went missing, everything clicks into place.

 

The way James always changed the topic whenever Regulus was brought up.

 

The way Regulus all of a sudden warmed up to James a few months ago, like something had switched overnight; like their entire dynamic had changed.

 

The shock of it all hits, and it hits hard, and he feels sixteen again, resenting his brother for being like his parents, trying to take one of the few good things in his life away from him, but it’s not like Regulus is going to hurt James. He’s trying to protect him; he helped get him out of that house, or was this just another plan to get back at Sirius?

 

It’s a mess, it’s an absolute mess, and he doesn’t want to deal with it, but he also needs to get it out of his system, so he drags James with him to yet another sitting room and locks the door and just sits, staring at him and waiting to explain.

 

I thought we were best friends.

 

I thought we told each other everything.

 

Why is everything changing now when it was perfect the way it was?

 

James looks sad; he looks so sad and guilty. Usually, Sirius would already be giving in, sighing, telling him that he’s going to forgive him. Sometimes though, in times like these, he has moments where the worst parts of himself that he inherited from his parents come out in full flare, and he can’t push them back, so he stares coldly, harshly and unrelentingly at James.

 

Sometimes, the abused becomes the abuser, and in this moment, he is his parents’ child. He hates who he can become; he hates it, hates it, hates it, but the good parts of himself have hidden themselves away, and he doesn't know how to bring them back.

 

“When were you going to tell me?” he demands, a desperate need for answers overriding the parts of himself that just want to hug his best friend.

 

“I asked when”, Sirius repeats, his eyes becoming colder, his face becoming flatter as James trips over half sentences and talks around the truth. He's unable to define exactly why he hadn’t told Sirius and how to prove that no he wasn’t choosing Regulus over him. Sirius shortly gets fed up with the lack of answers and the lack of eye contact, and the lack of Sirius and James that there's supposed to be that he snaps. 

 

He snaps, and the Black blood that he tries to hide floods through his veins as he reaches out and grabs James’ shoulder, roughly shaking him as he screams, “tell the truth, James! Tell me the fucking truth!” The whole room is tinted red with anger until he sees James in front of him, taller than him but looking tiny as he flinches. He flinches with his entire body because of Sirius, because Sirius made him think he was going to hurt him. Sirius rips his hand away like he’s been burnt, horror blooming in his eyes, and as he looks into the mirror on the other side of the room, he sees his father’s face staring back at him.

 

He looks back at James, who is looking at Sirius with pity and concern because of course he is. Even when he's upset and afraid, he's still James, who is so good and pure, and Sirius is just a wolf in sheep’s clothing, a dark wizard dressing in red robes.

 

“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I’ll just, fuck”, he blurts out, and then he flees the room, shutting his bedroom door behind him and gripping the bedframe so tightly it hurts as he tries to will his parent's voices out of his mind.

 

“Get out, get out, get out”, he mutters desperately to himself, trying to tell himself they’re not real, trying to tell himself they’re dead, trying to believe that they’re not here anymore but he can’t believe it.

 

He is his parent’s son, he’s half of each of them and there were no good parts to inherit, so their legacy of darkness and anger and ruining everything good in this world is going to live on forever through Sirius.

 

He’s got no anger left for James and Regulus at the moment; all he has is anger, disgust, and pure self-hatred at how he’s acting like the son his parents always wished he would be.

 

Cruel. Harsh. Deserving the Black family name.

 

Remus comes in later, maybe after seconds, maybe after hours, carefully taking his hands off the bedpost where they’re going white with lack of circulation, massaging the life back into them. Selfishly, always so selfishly, he lets Remus hold him, even knowing he’s underserving of the comfort. Sirius is selfish, always selfish, but he's always been the most selfish with Remus.

 

“Don’t leave”, he whispers shakily some unknown amount of time later, and the quiet “never” he receives in response settles his parents’ voices slightly as he looks at the sky and the way the stars and the moon shine together.

 

You can’t take this away from me,  he thinks, staring at his brother’s star and thinking about the moon. 

 

You can’t take him away from me, too. He’s mine.

 

 

Regulus is startled from his melancholic pondering and the way he has no one left in his life when the door opens and closes, and James walks in. Regulus almost smiles at the fact that he came back until James bursts into tears, letting out the most harrowing sobs Regulus has ever heard from him.

 

For a second, Regulus can’t make sense of what’s happening because James doesn’t cry. He hasn’t. He just doesn't.

 

It’s always been Regulus who has the breakdowns; it’s always been him who feels everything violently, messily, too much in all of the worst ways, while James is soft but steady, always a rock for everyone. It's Regulus who isn't okay; it's never been James before, but it is today, right here, right now, so Regulus surges forwards, catching him before he can fall and sitting on his knees with his arms around James and his head tucked against his chest.

 

He’s comforting James best he can with one of his hands cupping the back of his neck and the other rubbing circles on his back, but he can feel his entire body stiff, his mind scorning at all of the nice words he tries to find because Regulus isn’t good at emotions. He never has been good with his own and has never really learnt how to deal with anybody else’s.

 

Still, if there’s anyone he’ll try for, it’s James, so he holds him, and holds him, and holds him, and James cries and cries and cries.

 

“I’m so sorry” is the first thing James says when he’s calmed enough to breathe again. Regulus is almost relieved that this is the headspace James has got to because most emotions Regulus either can’t deal with or doesn't feel terribly often. Believing you’re such a burden that everything you touch falls to pieces and you’re the reason that everything that goes wrong in anyone’s life is all your fault so that you're swaddled in a continuous layer of guilt and self-loathing, though? Oh, this he knows like the back of his hand, so he tells James everything he’s always wanted to hear but doesn’t think he’d believe if someone told him.

 

“It wasn’t your fault”, Regulus says firmly, unwilling to coddle James until he sees the truth. “Dumbledore used your baby against you to manipulate you to hurt me, so I’m sorry that he has a problem with me, and I’m sorry that you got dragged into this mess, and I’m sorry that he hurt you to hurt me. If anything, it’s my fault, so stop apologising and stop feeling guilty.”

 

“But –“

 

“James, shut up.” Regulus cuts in. “You have nothing to be sorry for.”

 

“Sirius hates us now”, James chokes out, the tears threatening to start again, and Regulus shifts, uncomfortable as he replies curtly, “Sirius could never hate you, James.”

 

“He does, and he will and –“

 

He’s catastrophising, which Regulus always thought was his thing, but it seems like James his channelling his inner Regulus tonight, and while Regulus doesn’t think he has an inner James, he still swaps their usual roles and does what James does best, comforts him and soothes him until he falls asleep.

 

Despite the concern he feels for James and the unknown of whatever tomorrow is going to bring, Regulus feels contentment as well.

 

Contentment and happiness.

 

Everything is a wreck, it truly is. James thinks Sirius hates him, Sirius is furious at the pair of them, and Regulus is driving his brother away as he acts like their parents’ son while Sirius stays good and pure and Gryffindor. In addition, he’s basically sent a personal invite to Dumbledore, inviting him to war, but despite it all, despite everything that’s happened and everything that’s yet to come, Regulus is content.

 

James is here, Sirius is down the hallway, and there’s no chance that James and Sirius won’t make up soon, so as he feels Sirius’ magical signature on the wards, he thinks home is here, and as he holds James tighter in his arms, he thinks home came back to him.

 

Home is here, and home came back to him, and Regulus will end anyone who tries to take it away from him again.

 
Notes:

    Bit traumatic, although Regulus is happy for once.

    Lot's of POV's which were unplanned and lots of angst which was unplanned, but I feel like you probably should have expected that lmao.

    Very interested for your comments x

Chapter 26: Wolfstar Interlude (part one): First year - Fourth year
Summary:

    Friendship

Notes:

    Edit: Just saying that you don't need to read this to know what's happening in the story, so (not that these chapters currently exist) you can just skip to the next chapter and you'll still get the plot and know what's happening fine. This does give a bit of context to some other moments and some of Sirius' POV for some of the scenes where we've only had Regulus', but this is a wolfstar interlude above all, and so if you just want jegulus then you won't lose the plotline if you skip this :) (This is awfully explained but oh well).

     

    Thanks for your patience :)))

    Okay I'm going to the UK for the week to see family and my flight is literally boarding so you get part 1 now, part 2 in 3 hours and part 3 in the next 1-2 days :))))

    Enjoy part 1 and more is coming soon :)))

    45K words of wolfstar just for you :))))

    This isn't quite a side fic even though it's the length of one- it's more a collection of moments that shape who Sirius and Remus are in this AU and then how they came to be.

Chapter Text

First year (1971-1972)

 

Sirius Black meets Remus Lupin on the Hogwarts Express when he's 11 years old and likes him immediately.

 

He's dressed in old hand-me-down robes a couple of sizes too big, his shoes are cracked, the leather is peeling, and his suitcase looks one harsh burst of wind away from falling apart. His accent is welsh and distinctly improper, he doesn't hold eye contact when he speaks, and he barely replies to Sirius at all from where he's sat in the corner of the train carriage, slumped against the window.

 

Sirius' parents would hate him.

 

Because of this, Sirius automatically adores him.

 

"I'm going to make him my friend if it's the last thing I do."

 

 

Remus Lupin meets Sirius Black on the Hogwarts Express when he's 11 years old and dislikes him immediately.

 

He's dressed in new high-end tailor-made robes that fit him perfectly, his clothes are new, and his trunk has an elegant S.O.B. embossed on its front. His accent screams proper English and London aristocracy, he seems proper and polite, and the way he carries himself makes him look a foot taller than Remus. His chin is turned up slightly like he's better than everyone else, and he knows it.

 

Remus' parents wish this was who he had become instead of a sad, antisocial little wolf.

 

Sirius Black is everything he has always wished he could be, but Remus feels inadequate in the face of him.

 

Remus automatically hates him.

 

"I am never going to be his friend."

 

 

Sirius Black was 8 years old when he had one of the most important epiphanies of his life; if he was pleasing his parents, he was bad. If he was making his parents angry, he was doing something good.

 

And he wants to be good.

 

He catches the train to Hogwarts and befriends a Potter, a Pettigrew and a half-blood on the train; his parents will be furious if they ever find out.

 

He and James Potter, his new best friend, play a prank on the train and get a detention before they've even arrived; his parents might send a Howler.

 

James Potter swears that he'll be going into Gryffindor, Peter seems to follow in James' shadow, and the quiet boy, Lupin, who refuses to give more than one-word answers to Sirius, seems like he'd have a chance of going to Gryffindor too. So, he and James swear that they'll all make it to Gryffindor, they'll all be best friends, and the quiet boy Lupin nods as well, although Sirius privately thinks it may be just to shut him up.

 

Four hours later, he sits on the stool in the middle of the Great Hall with the sorting hat on his head and freezes, all chants of "not Slytherin, not Slytherin, please give me any other house" coming to an abrupt halt as he tries to figure out where he wants his life to take him.

 

If he goes to Gryffindor, his parents might disown him, and if he's disowned, his little brother will be the new heir, treated like their parents treat Sirius. Regulus doesn't deserve that, though; he's the little brother, but Sirius is the older brother, so he takes the hits.

 

He looks at the Slytherin table, where Narcissa smiles encouragingly, Bella glares at his attention-seeking-ness as the hat refuses to answer, and everybody else waits in silence.

 

He looks at the Gryffindor table where no one has been sorted yet, then back in the line where James gives him a thumbs up and Lupin, the quiet boy, ignores him entirely, instead gazing wistfully over at the Ravenclaws, some of whom are completely ignoring the ceremony to read.

 

"See you at the Gryffindor table",  James had said. "All four of us."

 

Sirius thinks of his brother, who he doesn't want to leave behind, and then he thinks of the boys still standing in the line.

 

He doesn't know much about them, but he knows they're good. And Sirius wants to be good.

 

"Not Slytherin", he tells the hat, and the hat laughs and says, "there was never any doubt for you, Mr Black."

 

The hat screams "Gryffindor", and Sirius leaves 500 years of family traditions behind him for a Potter, a Pettigrew and a boy named Remus Lupin, who hates Sirius as much as Sirius wants to befriend him.

 

 

Remus is sorted into Gryffindor, which is an immense disappointment for two reasons. 

 

Firstly, he wanted Ravenclaw, where they valued books, learning, and quiet. They seemed uninterested in trivial things, so he could be invisible there, exactly like his father wants him to be. Secondly, Sirius Black, the rich, arrogant boy from the train, is in Gryffindor too, and even worse, they're dorm mates.

 

There's himself, Sirius, James Potter and Peter Pettigrew, a short timid boy who seems to be a parrot of James Potter, copying everything he says, which Remus finds annoying. However, Peter also seems to be a bit of an outcast which Remus thinks can be a bonding topic if he actually decides to talk to him.

 

"The closer you get to people, the closer your secrets come to being discovered,"  his father's voice rings out in his mind, so he goes to the bathroom, puts on his pyjamas and shuts his bed curtains before the other boys have even started to unpack.

 

He can hear them whispering about him and would still be able to if he didn't have enhanced hearing, but he doesn't know any spells yet on how to block out the noise. If the library wasn't already calling his name, it's practically screaming it now after meeting his dorm mates who will not shut up.

 

"He was rude!" Peter is saying, presumably gesturing at Remus.

 

"He's probably just shy; we are loud", James counters, immediately coming to his defence which probably makes him Remus' favourite so far.

 

"I'm going to make him our friend", Sirius declares resolutely, speaking louder than the rest and probably knowing Remus can hear him, but Remus doesn't care.

 

I will never want to be your friend,  he thinks in Sirius' direction, and it's true; he can't see how it's a lie. When Remus thinks of himself in 10 years time, he can't see a 21-year-old version of himself in any lifetime where he's ever Sirius' friend. 

 

 

The problem with Sirius Black, Remus has found, is that he's extremely hard to dislike. He has everything Remus wants, is everything Remus wants to be, bold, rich, and popular, and he can't help being drawn to him like every other member of the student body.

 

Remus tells himself he's never going to let him in, he's never going to be his friend, he won't even talk to him if it's not to say "leave me alone" or "are you using the bathroom," but even that still makes Sirius glow like the star he was named after.

 

He tells himself his plan will work.

 

He tells himself it's for the best.

 

It's four days until he wants to change his mind and 27 days until he can't hold himself back anymore.

 

Sirius is talking again and laughing again, and he and James are talking and laughing loudly in the middle of the dorm again. Remus is just trying to read the last chapter of his book so that he can start on a new one, except he's finished all of his books and the next one he wants is in the library waiting to be picked up from the front desk. If he leaves now, though, he'll have to try to ignore James and Sirius again, who seem to base their entire personality around being unignorable, and he's just wholeheartedly not in the mood.

 

"If we do this prank, it will be epic, James! You can miss quidditch practice for one night, you'll survive. Why is it so important anyways? You're not even in the team!" Sirius is presumably trying to drag James along somewhere for a prank, but Remus can't be bothered listening to what they're saying. He just wants them to leave so he can focus on the last chapter of his book in peace and then go get the next one.

 

"I can't miss practice", James keeps replying, sounding genuinely offended. "Maybe you can come with me and go to the library on the way to get the book? And then join me?"

 

"Why would I want to run around in the snow, James?" Sirius repeats, "it's the middle of winter, just come to the library with me –"

 

"I'm going to the quidditch pitch –"

 

They're talking in an endless loop, and Remus is getting more and more frustrated. It's only a week until the full moon, and the wolf is getting ready to snap, and Remus can't take it anymore; he knows he's going to lash out and push them further away.

 

The words are out before he can take it back, except it's not the "fuck off and give me some peace and quiet" he'd planned in his head.

 

"I'll take you to the library, and when we come back to the dorm, you can shut the fuck up!" he bursts out, which makes Sirius and James' heads snap over to him; he doesn't even know if they realised that he was there. They look equally as shocked as Remus at what he just said, which would almost be insulting if Remus hadn't literally ignored them at all costs for the past month.

 

"What?" they ask in unison, always in sync, always fitting together.

 

"I'll take you to the library, we get our books, and then we come back in silence", Remus says slowly, already regretting offering, but James nods along, accepting the proposal, and then he's out the door.

 

Sirius is staring at Remus like he's never seen him before.

 

"I can't believe you just said fuck”, he says in wonder, and the way he almost stumbles over the word like he's never said it before, such a contrast in vulgarity to his pure aristocratic English accent makes Remus huff a quiet laugh, and when he looks up at Sirius again, he's beaming.

 

"Off to the library then," Sirius says, latching onto Remus now that James has disappeared, and then giving a slightly sheepish "you'll have to tell me how to get there because I've actually never been to the library."

 

Remus just nods once, already thinking about how furious his father will be once he realises he's willingly hanging out with the boys in his dorm.

 

Remus hates chatter and prefers silence. His father made it very clear that he wasn't to socialise with anyone, but as Sirius talks the whole way to the library and declares that he's going to keep Remus as he shows him how to use the filing system and helps him find the book on spells he's looking for, he can't quite find it in himself to regret it.

 

They're nearly back in the dorm when Sirius takes a break from complaining about the third Latin tutor he had when he was 8, which Remus tuned out because who the fuck learns Latin these days and, more importantly, who has enough money for private tutors. Sirius takes a break to let out a genuinely earnest "thanks heaps, Lupin," and then once again, Remus' mouth moves before his mind does.

 

"Don't –" he begins before he sighs and looks at Sirius, who is staring almost anxiously at him like he's done something wrong. He doesn't know what it is about Sirius that makes him disregard every plan he has made in his mind, but whatever it is, he can't fight it.

 

"Don't call me Lupin", he finishes eventually. "My name is Remus; just call me that."

 

Remus looks weary and bone tired at the admission and the fact that the wolf in him has found something in Sirius that makes him want to trust him, even just with something as mundane as his name.

 

Sirius, however, looks like he's just been given the world, and he smiles so brightly that Remus almost smiles back.

 

 

There's something about Remus that entices Sirius, drawing him in, and as much as Remus ignores him and avoids him and just tries to resist him, it only makes Sirius more determined to find out why he doesn't like him.

 

Why doesn't he like Sirius? Why doesn't he seem to like anyone? How is he immune to the Sirius Black charm?

 

Sirius wants to know his secrets, and this becomes even more pressing in mid-November when he finds himself unbearably worried about Remus.

 

This is the third time in three months that he's ended up in the hospital wing with serious injuries; the first two times were when he went home to see family, and the third time was after an all-night detention, and Sirius is worried. 

 

He has scars and bruises, and he looks exhausted, like whatever he's going through is taking a toll on him, and even though he doesn't talk much and doesn't seem to like Sirius much, he thinks he's grown on him. 

 

Sirius would almost call himself and Remus tentative friends.

 

On the one other occasion Sirius went to the library, Remus came with him even though it was probably because Remus had taken out his 20-book limit, and Sirius had promised that he could use his name to withdraw more.

 

Then they went to a quidditch match together, Gryffindor vs Ravenclaw, and even though Remus spent the entire time reading the quidditch manual and ignoring Sirius, they were still together.

 

Remus is his dorm mate, and Sirius wants to know what's happening to him and if he can help, so for the first time, he goes to the library by himself, using the search system Remus had shown him how to use to cross-reference injuries, family visits or detentions and 11 year old children to see what the search results come up with.

 

Is it a disease? Is it a muggle thing since he's a half-blood? 

 

Over 20 books light up following his search, and he eagerly picks the first four off the shelf, pleased at having found an answer so quickly until he reads the first few titles. Psychology of children. How to ask for help. How to spot signs of abuse.

 

His stomach drops like a stone.

 

Is Remus being abused? Did his parents do this? Sirius feels like he's a bit over his head, but he can't just ignore it now, so he opens the first book and begins to read.

 

Children need constant reinforcement from their parents to thrive. They need continuous praise when they progress, as well as when they misbehave after the initial telling-off, so they know that despite their misbehaviour, they are still loved and valued.

 

Sirius shuts that book, rolling his eyes. The Hogwarts library is supposed to be one of the best in Wizarding Britain, but it's just his luck that he picked up the one book full of absolute shit. His parents never did any of that for him, and he turned out fine.

 

He tries the second book.

 

If you or someone you know may be experiencing abuse, it is important to ask for help. Ask a parent, a trusted adult or a teacher, and they will be able to help you and contact the Aurors if they deem it necessary. Do not try and confront the abuser or the potential abuser on your own, especially not when the child you believe to be abused is nearby.

 

This he can do; this is easy; all of the books talk about abuse, which means there's nothing else in the library that describes what's causing Remus' problems, but Sirius can do what the book says to help his friend.

 

He can be good.

 

He doesn't hesitate as he gets up and goes straight to Professor McGonagall's office. Sirius isn't going to go to his parents, but Professor McGonagall is alright, she can help, she's firm but fair, and there's no way she wouldn't help him with this.

 

He knocks, far more loudly than necessary, and doesn't even wait for the "come in" until he's swinging the door open and placing his hands on the desk, too full of restless energy to sit down and stay still.

 

Professor McGonagall looks unimpressed at best as she switches into lecture mode.

 

"Mr Black, it is courteous to wait until –"

 

"Professor, I think I know someone that's being abused," he bursts out. She immediately stops talking to stare at him, seeming to swallow her words until she says, "have a seat Mr Black, and tell me your concerns which I assure you I will investigate with the utmost discretion."

 

"I have a friend", Sirius begins carefully, checking to see that McGonagall is giving him her full attention before he continues. "He keeps going to visit his family and then coming back with cuts and bruises. He has scars. And he never talks about his family when he returns, even though he visits them all the time. You can't let him go back again. He can live with me, or let him stay at Hogwarts, or –"

 

"You are talking about Mr Lupin, I presume," Professor McGonagall says, raising a hand to cut him off with something akin to pity in her gaze as she looks at Sirius, sitting in his chair, swinging his legs nervously which still don't reach the ground.

 

Sirius doesn't know if he's ever been so furious in his life.

 

"You know?" he bursts out incredulously. "You already know? And you let him keep going back? Why won't you stop him? Why won't you help him? It's your job to help him!"

 

God, this is the same brand of rage he gets when his parents hurt Regulus, lock him in the punishment cupboard or curse him until he bleeds, the pure, unfiltered fury when anyone hurts his baby brother.

 

All adults are just the same.

 

"I understand where you may have gotten this idea", Professor McGonagall replies carefully. "However, it is not as it seems, and I assure you that Mr Lupin is as safe as he can be."

 

"He'd be safer if he was away from his family," Sirius argues.

 

"He is as safe as he can be", she repeats, raising her eyebrows to show she's not going to change her mind, so Sirius lets out a snarl of frustration and says, "I'm going back to the library to show you that I'm right!" 

 

He storms out of the office, slamming the door behind him, and McGonagall lets him go.

 

He'll show her, he'll show her that Remus needs help, and she's ignoring him because no good person would ignore someone who is being abused and is asking for help. He's good, so he has to help. His textbooks are still on the same desk he left them on, so he picks it up, flicks it to a random page and starts reading again, looking for proof.

 

Signs of abuse.

 

There are many signs of abuse and many types of abuse that can be magical and muggle.

 

These include physical violence (hitting, kicking, fighting), magical violence (cutting hexes, bone-breaking hexes) –

 

Sirius slams that book shut, pretending his heart isn't racing and opens the next one. This is about Remus, not him.

 

Abuse can also be emotional, which can present itself as yelling, insulting, attempts to destroy self-esteem, and not respecting the child for who they are.

 

Something uncomfortable starts to settle in Sirius' stomach and only worsens as he opens the third book.

 

Abusing a child can incur prison time of a minimum of 3 months. Using an unforgivable on a child guarantees life in prison with no option of early release.

 

Oh. 

 

When there's too much going on, and he gets too overwhelmed, sometimes Sirius thinks his brain short-circuits, like it's stuck on what happened a few seconds ago and can't quite catch up.

 

It's doing this now and leaving his thoughts on a loop, around and around and around.

 

Because one book could have a misprint, but three books can't be wrong.

 

Sirius had never thought of his parent's means of discipline as abuse but rather what it was. It's just a way to teach him a lesson, to not do it again, to be better. His mother would always say that it's because she loves him that she has to teach him.

 

And he hasn't been abused his whole life? He took the cruciatus curse when he was 6 the first time, and it's not like his mother stopped, so why isn't she in prison if it's illegal?

 

He's not abused.

 

He can't be.

 

If his mother hits him, he yells and screams and fights it, but in the end, he just takes it because that's how discipline works.

 

When she hurts Regulus, you stop calling it discipline,  his mind whispers to him, and suddenly his brain catches up, and all the pieces click together into undeniable clarity.

 

Sirius can usually get in-between Regulus and his mother, but there have been times when he couldn't. And she hurt Regulus. And Sirius wanted to burn the whole world down because it was wrong, and it hurt Regulus, and he didn't deserve it.

 

He's never had the thought that maybe he didn't deserve his parents' discipline either until now.

 

He doesn't want to look at the books anymore, so he returns to the dorm, still stuck in a haze of betrayal and uncomfortable realisations. Remus is sitting on his bed doing a potions essay, and James is reading a new quidditch magazine, so Sirius flops down on his bed, stares at James and asks, "what's the worst thing your parents have ever done to you?" 

 

It's probably not the best way to have phrased it, but James stares at him slightly suspiciously but still answers because that's James.

 

Always doing his best, because he's always good.

 

He seems to take a long time to think about it, and when he talks, Sirius almost wants to laugh.

 

"My dad accidentally left me at the supermarket when I was 5," he says, which, is that it? "Mum was in the garden, so she sent dad and me out to get groceries. And he forgot me, and it wasn't until he got home and asked mum where I was that he realised he had me, not her. I barely even noticed, though; I just talked about quidditch the whole time to the cashier until he came back."

 

James laughs. Sirius doesn't.

 

"They didn't make you walk back?" Sirius asks confusedly. "They came back?"

 

"Well yeah," James replies slowly, equally confused. "It was 4 kilometres away. And I was 5."

 

"What did they do when you got back?" Sirius asks again, dreading the answer. He doesn't want it to be –

 

"They laughed and cried and doted on me all evening. I got my favourite dessert, and they let me stay up until 8pm playing quidditch, and I just remember being really confused because it wasn't even a weekend night. I didn't even know dad had left me alone and just thought they were extra happy to see me."

 

"They're not usually happy to see you?" Sirius asks, almost selfishly pleased, because this is good; this means he isn't abused if his parents are the same as James' parents –

 

"My parents are always happy to see me", he replies, frowning. "They're my parents." He gives Sirius a long look and then "what's this about Sirius? Why do you have all these questions –"

 

"No reason", he says quickly. He knows it's too quick, and while James doesn't look too fazed, he sees Remus staring at him, frowning like he can sense a deeper meaning here.

 

"I'm going to bed", he says abruptly, wanting to escape their staring faces and stupid harsh reality. Even though it's a Friday and even though it's only 6pm and he hasn't had dinner, he pulls the bed curtains shut and stares at the ceiling, trying to come to terms with the fact that he's been abused his whole life and even worse, he hasn't figured out what's happening to Remus.

 

He doesn't know what to do.

 

He wishes he could have some help.

 

He thinks now would be a good time to have a mum and not just a mother. 

 

 

Sirius goes home for Christmas on the 22nd of December, and compared to the bright common room and warmth and life found in Gryffindor, Grimmauld Place feels like a tomb, sucking the life out of him.

 

He thinks Grimmauld Place would drain him entirely if it weren't for a blur of black curly hair and skinny arms that bowls into him the second Kreacher apparates him into the sitting room, leaving him stumbling back a couple of steps to catch his balance.

 

"Reggie," he breathes out, wrapping his arms around him and squeezing tighter as he feels his t-shirt getting wet. He has to hold him tight; he has to keep holding him because the clock is already ticking until he leaves again, and they probably won't even get that long because –"

 

“Regulus Arcturus Black, show some decorum! Have you learnt nothing these past months?"

 

Regulus, obedient as ever, goes to pull away, but Sirius refuses to let him go, just holds him where he belongs, with Sirius, and raises his head, readying himself for the storm.

 

"Hello, mother."

 

 

Walburga Black is as foreboding and intimidating as ever, but Sirius has never been afraid of her; only afraid of what she can do to Regulus, and this fear flares up as he feels Regulus being ripped away from him, hauled away by the collar of his robes. 

 

His head automatically snaps towards Sirius like an instinct, a plea to protect him.

 

Like an instinct, Sirius does.

 

"Don't touch him", Sirius snarls out at his mother, grabbing Regulus and dragging him behind him, away from his mother and angling his own body between them; Sirius facing his mother, Regulus facing the door.

 

Naturally, Walburga's gaze lands on Sirius, finally ignoring Regulus, who he shoves with a hissed, "go to your room and wait for me."

 

Ever obedient, ever trusting, Regulus does, and Sirius sighs in relief that the biggest problem has been solved.

 

Regulus is safe, and now Sirius can deal with his mother in peace, and sure enough, she begins lecturing in a way that Sirius tries to tone out, but as much as he outwardly seems to brush it off, each word still stings in a way he can't quite ignore.

 

"You have bought shame upon our family."

 

I didn't mean to.

 

"You have been seen with half-bloods and blood traitors."

 

They're my friends.

 

"All you want to do is disappoint us, isn't it? Because that's all you ever do."

 

That's not true. I'm trying. I just want you to be proud of me.

 

Sirius' eyes begin to glaze over slightly as his mother's words fade, losing himself in his head amongst the pain of trying to find a way to be happy and please his parents, but realising that it's impossible. It's the same pain of the epiphany he had at 8 years old when he realised nothing worth doing would ever be enough for his parents.

 

4 years later, it still hurts.

 

It hurts knowing he never will be enough for his parents if he also wants to be good.

 

It hurts when his mother slaps him across the cheek, her ring cutting the skin and leaving a trickle of blood.

 

It hurts as he sees the genuine hatred and disgust that she looks at him with.

 

It frees him as he realises that if nothing he ever does is enough for his parents, then he's not going to live for them anymore.

 

He's going to live for himself, his little brother, and every half-blood, blood traitor and muggleborn he befriends at Hogwarts.

 

He thinks of James with his blinding smile and intrinsic wholesomeness. He thinks of the time he made Peter laugh so hard he snorted milk out of his nose. He thinks of Remus.

 

"Fuck off", Sirius declares, smiling proudly at the swear words he remembers him saying in the dorm. "I fucking love Gryffindor," and he beams in delight as his mother swells in visible rage."

 

Unsurprisingly, he ends up cut and bleeding on the sitting room floor, unable to move without crying out in pain. It takes hours for his parents to go to bed, and then Regulus appears silently in the doorway, his eyes puffy with tears that have evidently been going all evening. Then he wordlessly gives Sirius a pain potion and holds his hand, trying to pull him up off the floor and help him up the stairs into his room.

 

Regulus stands awkwardly by the bed, not wanting to go but knowing he should, and Sirius sees why he came home, pulling Regulus towards his bed.

 

"Let's have a sleepover", he whispers, like they always did, but Regulus doesn't complete the routine. He just keeps standing there, hovering, painfully unsure, as his eyes flit between the doorway and Sirius.

 

"Mother would be mad if she found out", he whispers back. "Almost as mad as when you were sorted into Gryffindor", and he rubs his arm absentmindedly where Sirius sees a new scar that definitely wasn't there in September.

 

"Let's have a sleepover, and I'll tell you all about Gryffindor," Sirius repeats, a hint of a plea slipping into his voice; he's basically lost his parents; he doesn't want to lose his brother too. 

 

Regulus glances back at the door and then back at Sirius, still hesitating, and it breaks Sirius' heart to know that whatever happened in the 2 and a half months while he was gone, something happened that made Regulus think Sirius could no longer protect him.

 

Deep down, Sirius knows that something is his mother, but he doesn't want Regulus to go. He tries to think of stories of James, pranks with Peter, quidditch matches and classes, but what will be enough to make Regulus stay tonight? Not James; he's too bold, although he thinks Regulus may end up liking him anyways when they meet. Not Peter; he and Regulus are too different. So that leaves –

 

"My friend Remus is a Gryffindor", Sirius hears himself saying. "And he has a book of poems on his bookshelf by his bed."

 

The bed dips, and Regulus eagerly clambers in. "What are the poems about?"

 

Sirius hasn't actually read any of the poems, he just saw the book when he was in the dorm one day, but he makes up a couple of answers that appease Regulus, and then he talks about James Potter and Peter Pettigrew. He talks about classes, and he talks about pranks, and he talks and talks and talks.

 

He talks about the weather.

 

He talks about ghosts.

 

He talks about Remus Lupin, the quiet boy on the train who he's started to befriend. The boy who he's going to make his friend.

 

Regulus falls asleep early, he always sleeps best when he's with Sirius, but Sirius stays up most of the night wondering how he never thought that his parents would hurt Regulus while he was away. Wondering how he can bring Regulus with him. Wondering how Regulus got hurt and Sirius wasn't there to protect him. Wondering how Sirius could have failed his one purpose in life; to protect his little brother.

 

And the darkest, most ugly thought; he's wondering how despite everything his brother is going to go through while he's away, how is he still so excited to go back to Hogwarts to his friends and his classes and Remus Lupin, even though it means leaving his little brother behind again.

 

 

Remus goes home and lies every second sentence on the three-hour drive.

 

Yes, the classes are good. Not a lie.

 

No, no one tries to talk to him. A lie.

 

Yes, he's doing well in classes. Not a lie.

 

No, no one is going to send him a letter or ask to be his friend. A lie.

 

Yes, his secret is still safe. Not a lie.

 

It's nice being home. His father is still harsh on him and doesn't want him to go too far from the house lest someone asks about him. His mother is still doting on him, telling him when his father will be out so that he can actually go places and not be confined to the house all holidays.

 

It's almost suffocating in the same way it's relaxing, the familiarity of it all, and just how different it is to the first-year boys' dorm at Hogwarts.

 

There are no nosy questions and overstepping of boundaries that Remus draws in invisible ink, and there's no general acceptance that Remus doesn't want to talk to you and will leave if you try. There's also no Sirius Black to disregard all of the norms in a way that would usually anger Remus, but since it's Sirius, it's inexplicably different.

 

He doesn't know how or why, but it's different with him, and some days, Remus almost finds himself rubbing out smaller boundaries he's drawn in pencil, just for Sirius.

 

James Potter has grown on him, too. He's impossible not to like and impossible not to notice either, but the thing is, James Potter notices everyone, and that includes Remus.

 

James Potter notices Remus and respects his wish to be alone.

 

Sirius Black notices Remus and his wish to be left alone and ignores it entirely, and Remus doesn't even hate him for it. As much as his father would hate it, and 11 year old Remus would think he's lost his mind, he thinks they may be becoming friends, and he knows he can get away with it so long as his father never finds out.

 

This plan works for the first three blissful days of the break. As much as he's growing to like his dormmates and the way he's growing tentative acquaintances with some of the girls in his year when they've paired for potions, he is enjoying the way he can have undisturbed peace and quiet without having to hide under a tree or behind a tapestry for it.

 

It's a good holiday; his father hasn't found out that he's making friends, and everything is going well until they're having breakfast on Christmas morning and the mail arrives.

 

It's the usual assortment of Christmas cards and well wishes, a copy of the Daily Prophet, and his father is flicking through them absentmindedly when he sees three Christmas cards and a letter, all addressed to Remus.

 

Whatever festive spirit Lyall Lupin once had disappears in an instant as he looks at Remus' hopeful face and the way he reaches his hand out for the letters, only to falter as his dad continues to hold them near his chest.

 

"Can I –" he begins.

 

"What are these?" he hisses, cutting him off and ignoring Hope Lupin's stream of "it won't hurt him, Lyall" and Remus' much more indignant "give me my fucking letters!"

 

"Strangers don't give other strangers letters", his father continues, fury written all over his face. "Which means that you have been making friends. And what do friends do? What does getting close to people mean, Remus?" 

 

Remus refuses to answer him until his dad raises the letters meaningfully, and Remus scowls, knowing he's lost.

 

"It means finding out who I am and endangering me", he parrots dully, the words engrained into his mind after years of constant exposure and constant emphasis. It's just constant; it's a constant way to live, but going to Hogwarts made him realise that it's not how he wants to live.

 

He wants to live, and he wants to thrive and not have his entire life reduced to a three-kilometre radius of his home in rural Wales. 

 

He wants Hogwarts and everything that comes with that; books, learning, people, and Sirius.

 

What does that all mean? He's not quite sure, but he doesn't think he could go back to the four walls of his house now, not now that he's seen what it's like to live.

 

"I want my letters", Remus repeats, cutting off his fathers' lecture about endangerment and recklessness. 

 

His father never really uses magic around the house; it reminds him too much of Remus and his condition, but he uses it now to light a fire in the grate and throw the letters on it, blocking and ignoring Remus' shouts to stop and then his pleas to save them.

 

It isn't until they're unrecognisable as anything but ash that his father moves, breathing heavily as he gives Remus a long regard and says, "everything that I do, I do for you."

 

Remus shoves him the finger and argues, "maybe I can do things on my own now", and then his dad storms off, slamming the door behind him.

 

His mother gives him an apologetic look, saying, "this is how he shows he cares about you, cariad," before she goes after Lyall leaving Remus in the living room wondering where it all went wrong.

 

He glances at the grate and sweeps his fingers across the ash, and at the bottom is a torn piece of parchment that must have fallen through the logs before the flames could catch it.

 

The ink is smudged, the parchment is singed, and Remus knows this must have been the letter that was seven pages long.

 

Seven entire pages from a friend, just for him, and all he gets is the last two sentences. He never got to read the letter, but he thinks this ending would have been his favourite part.

 

Can't wait to see you on the 2nd!

 

Sirius O. Black

 

 

Sirius is drifting off four days before he goes back to Hogwarts when his door cracks open and then shuts silently. The light of the moon illuminates his little brother, staring like he's been caught in the act even as he creeps across the floor and into Sirius' bed, who automatically wraps his arms around him.

 

"Hey," Sirius says like he has every night this week as Regulus continues to come join him.

 

"The werewolves are out tonight", is all Regulus says back, but Sirius understands instantly, sighing a little whilst slightly amused.

 

"They won't get you, Reggie, no need to worry", he replies, even as he wonders where the wolves are and if he'll ever see one.

 

"I know", Regulus replies, still sweet and innocent and so goddamn trusting. "You're here," and oh. Even when he's not enough for his parents, his cousins, and his stupid family, he still has his little brother. 

 

He still has him.

 

He'll always have him.

 

Sirius looks out the window at the moon, and when he looks at Regulus, he's doing the same.

 

"Do you think you've ever met a werewolf?" Regulus asks, his eyes lit up in childish wonder despite his apparent fear of them. "They just look like normal people when it's not a full moon. Did you know that?"

 

"Yeah, Reggie, I knew that", Sirius replies, smiling, until he thinks about the rest of his question. "I don't think I've met one before, all I know are people at Hogwarts and purebloods that mother makes us meet, and I doubt she consorts with werewolves."

 

"Are they bad people, werewolves?" Regulus asks. "Is that why she doesn't consort with them?"

 

Sirius thinks this over and figures that werewolves are a bit like him, born into a life they didn't ask for, where people judge them before they've even said hello. "I don't think so," he says eventually. "They're just people who also happen to be wolves. Some are good, and some are bad, just like people."

 

"Mother thinks you're bad", Regulus blurts out, and Sirius stiffens, his mental battle with telling himself he doesn't care waging against the softer parts of himself, the pieces of his inner child that reside within him, just waiting to be held by his parents.

 

Waiting, always waiting, forever going to wait.

 

"Thank you, Regulus, I hadn't noticed, " he replies curtly, pulling his arms away from his brother and glaring out the window, pretending he's not about to cry.

 

If he's focusing on something else, he's not about to cry, so he stares at the moon and thinks about Regulus' question.

 

What would a werewolf look like? What would they act like? Would they be funny? Has he met one?

 

They'd be quiet, he assumes, probably trying not to draw too much attention to themselves. 

 

It'd have to be someone with a lot of secrets, a walking enigma, a paradox of pushing away and pulling in that nobody knows quite where they stand.

 

Someone with unexplainable injuries, scars, cuts and bruises that nobody quite knew where they came from.

 

Someone like –

 

"Siri", Regulus whispers, shifting under the blankets and resting his head on Sirius' shoulder, glancing at his face.

 

"What" he replies irritably, still annoyed at Regulus' tactlessness, still annoyed that he's only got a few days left with his brother, and he's spending it being mad at him.

 

He feels Regulus glancing around nervously and then whispers, "can you keep a secret?"

 

Sirius sighs, not really in the mood but always willing to indulge his brother. "Yeah Reggie, let's hear it."

 

Regulus glances around again before he whispers in Sirius' ear, so quiet he has to concentrate to hear it.

 

"Mother's wrong. You're good. You've always been good."

 

Sirius holds on and remembers that secret for the rest of his life.

 

 

Sirius sees Remus on the train after Christmas, already in the carriage they've dubbed as theirs. He looks exhausted, limping slightly, and he has a new scar that comes behind his ear and down his neck.

 

The full moon was 2 nights ago on New Year's Eve.  

 

When Sirius looks into his eyes, they're not brown anymore but faintly amber, the colour of a wolf.

 

They're just like people,  he had told Regulus. Some are good, and some are bad.

 

He's just a person,  he tells himself now. And he's good.

 

He's been staring for too long.

 

Are you a werewolf? You are, aren't you? What's it like? When did it happen? How did it happen?

 

"Hey Remus, good break?" he says instead of all the other's questions ricocheting through his head.

 

"Not bad, how about you?" Remus replies, and Sirius launches into a story about how he played a prank on his entire family at Christmas to make the shrimp come alive on the table. Remus laughs and tells him how he tried to follow a frog down by the stream but tripped and fell in even though it was freezing. Sirius laughs back and almost forgets he's talking to a werewolf in the first place.

 

 

Second year (1972 – 1973)

 

Remus goes to Hogwarts for first year alone.

 

Remus goes to Hogwarts for second year with four friends and other people he’ll smile at in the corridor.

 

His dorm mates are three of them, Lily Evans, the love of James Potter’s life, is the other one, much to Sirius’ amusement and James’ jealousy. They were paired for potions in January for assignments and then began to study in the library, where they bonded over a love of reading and shared ignorance of the magical world and a desperate need from time to time to escape the pure chaos incarnate that is James Potter and Sirius Black.

 

James and Sirius’ friendship seems effortless. Remus saw the moment it happened a year ago on the train; a simple handshake and two souls became one, almost beyond platonic, into an indescribable realm that only they can reach. They do everything together and can finish each other’s sentences. They don’t even need words sometimes, one glance is enough, and then they’re laughing at a joke only they understand, carrying out a prank that they hadn’t even planned out.

 

It’s effortless, it looks so easy, so tempting, and to Remus, it’s equal parts tempting as it is terrifying. He thinks he wants that one day, the complete and utter confidence in another person that they’re going to be there for you and that there’s nothing that you could ever do to drive them away, but Remus doesn’t know how he and that dream are compatible. His father would be furious if he found out he was even thinking about a friendship like that, but maybe that’s why he wants it so bad.

 

He’s not like James and Sirius; they’re both good people. Remus is only a person some of the time, and the good parts about himself come and go in sync with the patterns of the moon.

 

James is the first person who comes back on the train, and when he smiles, Remus smiles back instinctively, and it’s nice; the last time he smiled this much was before he was 5 years old.

 

They talk, or rather James talks, and Remus listens and laughs until Sirius walks in, hugs James and nods at Remus, which Remus appreciates and then a mini-Sirius walks in. Even though he knew Sirius had a brother, he never had actually thought about what he might look like, and even though he’s slightly shorter and slimmer and paler than Sirius, they could almost be twins.

 

“Hey Reggie, come meet my friends”, Sirius says excitedly, and Remus gets the same rush of warmth through his body as Sirius calls him a friend, almost a guilty pleasure at the way the word comes off his tongue so easily. 

 

Despite the similarities between the Black brothers, their personalities are wildly different as Regulus raises his chin even higher and says snootily, “it’s Regulus. And mother said I was to sit with Narcissa to introduce me to the other first years.”

 

“Hey Regulus, I’m James”, James says, holding out a hand to shake. “I think Marlene’s cousin is starting this year, so we can introduce you to her, and then we can all be friends.”

 

“Oh, you’re James Potter”, Regulus replies instantly, his entire posture changing to something that looks like deep loathing, but Remus recognises something almost wounded underneath. It doesn't last long before his mask slips back into place, and he says sharply, “I am never, ever going to be your friend,” before flouncing out of the carriage, presumably towards the other Slytherins.

 

Its eerily reminiscent of his internal monologue towards Sirius last year, where he was adamant in refusing Sirius’ eager offer of friendship, and Remus has the strange thought that maybe Regulus and James will end up being friends in the same way that he and Sirius do, whatever that may look like.

 

James lowers his hand, looking slightly crestfallen, and Sirius stares at the door for slightly too long to be unaffected by the whole situation.

 

Remus is tired, exhausted doesn’t even cover it after the full moon, especially without Hogwarts first aid, but with James looking sad and Sirius hiding the fact he’s almost distraught, and Peter undoubtedly running late for the train, Remus pulls out the exploding snap cards from his pocket that his mother had secretly bought for him to play with his friends and murmurs “here you go.”

 

He leans his head against the window and closes his eyes which have been drooping all day.

 

“You’re the best, Remus”, James and Sirius declare in tandem.

 

For the first time since he left Hogwarts, Remus goes to sleep smiling.

 

 

Sirius can tell that James wants to talk to him, even though he’s trying to hide it, and when he sees Peter acting more nervous and twitchy than usual, he knows that he wants to talk to him too.

 

The way they’re almost keeping their distance from Remus, the way Peter almost whimpered when Remus dropped his fork at the table, makes him think he knows what it’s about. He still hasn’t decided if his response will be agreement or trying to pretend they're crazy, even though Sirius has been watching Remus every full moon since Christmas. On each one, he’s either been sick, visiting relatives, or serving an all-night detention, even though he hasn’t broken a single school rule the entire year. Or hasn’t been caught for breaking one anyways.

 

On the first night back, Remus unpacks and goes to the library to return his summer reading and check out new books, and the minute the door shuts, two heads turn to him.

 

“What?” Sirius asks casually, pretending nothing is wrong.

 

“So, Pete and I have been talking over summer,” James begins carefully, and Sirius knows precisely where this is going. “Have you noticed anything different with Remus –“

 

“We think he’s a werewolf,” Peter blurts out, wincing as James elbows him in the side, hissing, “Pete, we practised this!” Sirius weighs up the pros and cons and figures all truths eventually see the light of day, so he just sighs and says simply, “yeah, I know.”

 

There’s not much else to say after that.

 

“We have to tell him”, James says, always honest and unable to be anything else.

 

Sirius sighs again. “Yeah, I know.”

 

 

Last year, Remus came back to Hogwarts excited about learning. Now, as much as he loves learning and magic and books, he’s excited to see his friends and rejoin the chaos that is the Gryffindor boys' dorm.

 

They include him in pranks that he’s only started agreeing to, and he walks with them to mealtimes instead of eating before they’ve awoken. Sometimes he can’t quite believe it’s happening at all because he hasn’t had friends since he was 5 years old.

 

He’s excited, friendship is fun, and he doesn’t want it to stop, but as he walks into the door and sees them all seated on James’ bed, staring at him solemnly, Remus gets the same feeling as when the trick steps disappear and he falls straight through the ground.

 

He’s standing by the door, wondering if he should leave, when James says, “Remus, come in.”

 

It sounds like somebody has died, the way they’re all staring at him like they’ve got terrible news. Are they kicking him out of the dorm? Are they unfriending him? Can they even do that? 

 

They say none of that, but when he hears their question, he wishes they had.

 

“We- well. We’ve noticed -” James begins, trying to get the words out until Sirius huffs impatiently and says, “are you a werewolf?”

 

No sugar-coating. No room for doubt. Just the raw, honest truth.

 

Remus had been getting ready to bolt, but now he’s frozen as his dreams of spending another year with his friends goes up in smoke. He’s going to be sent home. His dad will find out. Remus will be lonely, and his family will have to move again, and god, maybe his dad was right. Maybe this is a bad idea; why did he bother trying to make friends because his dad was right? They do just get in too close and find out your secrets, and now they’re going to ruin his life and–

 

“– Remus? Remus? Remus!” 

 

The sound of his name snaps him out of his daze, and he knows that any chance of excuses has disappeared as he makes eye contact with Sirius. It wasn’t an answer he wanted from Remus; it was confirmation of what he already knew.

 

“Yes,” he says shortly, refusing to give them anything more. “This dorm was nice while it lasted, so thanks, I guess. I’ll catch the train tomorrow morning back to London, but I'll sleep on the couch in the common room, so give me 20 minutes to repack and –“

 

“Hang on, hang on,” Sirius blurts out, looking horrified at this. Is 20 minutes too long? Are they all afraid of him? Does he not even have time to pack his things until – 

 

“What do you mean you’re leaving?” 

 

Remus had privately always thought Sirius was smart until now.

 

“Well, I can’t stay if everyone knows I’m a werewolf”, he says slowly, like he’s explaining a basic concept. “And now that you know, you’re going to tell everyone, and it’s better that I leave voluntarily before I get kicked out.”

 

“We won’t tell anyone”, Peter interrupts, surprising Remus as the first one to speak up. “I’m good at keeping secrets; I promise. No one ever suspects me.”

 

“Me too”, James adds, and then they all look at Sirius, who is holding Remus’ gaze unwaveringly.

 

“Me three”, he finishes, smiling slightly, but Remus is anything but reassured.

 

“This isn’t a joke”, he says seriously. “I could be expelled if anyone found out, I could be put down in some countries, so I can’t risk it.”

 

“There won’t be a risk of anything”, Sirius says, “we promise.”

 

Remus wants to believe them. He so badly wants to believe them, but the risk is too great. 

 

He can’t do it.

 

He can’t.

 

He shouldn’t.

 

“I’ll give it a week, and then I’ll decide”, he says tightly, and then he leaves the dorm, thankful that nobody follows him and walks around the castle just in case his friends change their mind and he’s kicked out tonight.

 

It’s late when he gets back, past 3 in the morning, so everyone else is asleep, and as he slips into bed, he sees a small box of chocolate frogs resting on his pillow.

 

I don’t break promises.

 

Sirius O. Black

 

 

Every month, Remus goes to the hospital wing at 6pm and wakes up around 10am the following day.

 

Every month, James, Sirius and Peter sit at his bedside table and talk about anything but the reason why he’s lying in the bed.

 

Every month, Remus almost finds himself looking forwards to the full moon, just so that it’ll pass and then he’ll get to enjoy the aftermath of it the next morning.

 

 

Third year (1973 – 1974)

 

Remus goes to Hogwarts for his third year with the threat that if he doesn’t get rid of his friends, he won’t go back after he comes home for Christmas.

 

Remus hugs his friends hello for the first time and stays at Hogwarts for the Christmas holiday. 

 

Sirius also stays at Hogwarts for the holidays because his parents are going to some banquet in France, and he doesn’t know if Sirius refused to go or just wasn’t invited. He thinks it’s the latter when he sees Regulus Black in the library one day, at Hogwarts for Christmas too, and he's furiously writing in a small notebook that he snaps shut and holds to his chest whenever someone walks near him.

 

James had offered for him and Sirius to come over for the holidays, but Remus felt bad about intruding, as much as James reassured him that it wouldn’t be a problem. Plus, as much as he’d want to, it'd get too messy if Remus ever wanted to reciprocate, so it’s easiest and safest for everyone if Remus stays at school and firmly keeps his friends and family separate.

 

There are a few sixth and seventh years who have chosen to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas to study for NEWTs, but it may as well be just Remus and Sirius in the castle for all the space they have.

 

He had already finished all of his homework before the holidays started, even though all the boys made fun of him for being a swot, so it meant he had 2 blissful uninterrupted weeks of him and Sirius.

 

It wasn’t always relaxing; Sirius had a tendency to just exist everywhere, even when he wasn’t in the room. He’d have random objects exploding that he’d been practising his time-delay spells on, or there’d be random packages getting delivered at all times of the day to their dorm room.

 

Sirius’ presence somehow managed to be felt by everyone at all times, even though, uncharacteristically, Sirius’ bed was always made immaculately, his clothes and shoes were always away tidily, and sometimes Remus would catch him staring at James and Peter's bombsites around their beds, and his fingers would twitch, almost like something was calling him to clean it.

 

Christmas morning comes around, and amongst the small pile of presents, he sees a box with a tag from Sirius. When he opens it, it’s more chocolate frogs, which he opens absentmindedly as he comments, “thanks heaps for the frogs; why did you start now getting me presents now, though? I didn’t get you one, sorry.”

 

There’s a long pause, and Remus wonders if Sirius is offended that he didn’t get him a present until Sirius cocks his head at him in confusion and says, “I’ve gotten you a present every year; I send it to the same place that I send your letters.”

 

And oh.

 

That hurts.

 

For the first time these holidays, Remus wishes he had gone home, just so that he wouldn’t need to feel this betrayal.

 

“Remus?” Sirius says slowly, confusedly, sitting up properly now. “You do get my letters, right?”

 

Not really,  he thinks, thinking of Sirius’ signature at the bottom of the fireplace.

 

“Yeah”, he says out loud. “You send the letters to the right place.”

 

Sirius frowns and almost looks scared, although Remus can’t figure out why. “Do you read the letters I send you over the holidays?”

 

Remus doesn’t know what to say. He can’t lie and say he’s read them because what if Sirius asks what they said? Could he say he forgot?

 

Sirius frowns harder, the scared look in his eyes growing bigger, and Remus wonders why he has this look about stupid letters when he wasn’t even afraid of him after discovering he was a werewolf.

 

If he kept that secret for a year, one more can’t be too much.

 

“My father”, he begins slowly, and Sirius’ entire back stiffens in anticipation of something that Remus still can’t decipher. “He doesn’t want people to know about my condition, so he thinks the best way to hide it is to hide me. If people don’t know I exist, they don’t know I’m a werewolf. So he wards my letters to go somewhere I haven’t found yet.”

 

And then he’s waiting, glancing nervously at Sirius because he can’t be angry about this, can he? Or has he been doing this friendship thing wrong the whole time?

 

“It sounds lonely”, Sirius replies eventually, a simple answer for a problem that is anything but simple, and for some reason, this makes Remus’ throat close up, and his voice is thicker than he’d like as he says, “it is.”

 

They sit in silence, and Remus tries to figure out what to fill it with until Sirius says quietly, “my parents don’t like my friends either. Friends make me weak, and I should only have acquaintances in high places.”

 

“I can see why they wouldn’t like me then”, Remus replies, the same feeling he first had on the train of pure inadequacy flowing through him as he thinks of James, who has money and nice parents and was born into the world of purebloods, and of himself who is a poor half-blooded werewolf with nothing to offer and everything to lose.

 

“Fuck my parents”, Sirius says out of nowhere, looking at Remus now, who snaps his head up, still unused to hearing Sirius swear. “You’re my friend, and I don’t care what they say.”

 

“Fuck my parents”, Remus echoes, the ghost of a smile brushing over his face. “You’re my friend too.”

 

 

In February, the morning after the full moon, the marauders go to see Remus in the hospital wing, but Madame Pomfrey refuses to let them in.

 

“I’m sorry, dears, it’s been a bit of a rough one this month. Maybe come back tomorrow.”

 

“But we want to see him”, Sirius argues, wondering if he’s whining but not really caring. “He’s our friend; we just want to know he’s okay.”

 

“He’ll be okay”, Madame Pomfrey replies, trying to be reassuring. “He just needs a bit of extra rest without any distractions, okay?”

 

“We’re not distracting”, James says. “We’ll be quiet.”

 

“We’ll only be one minute”, Sirius tries, but Madame Pomfrey just shakes her head and refuses them entry no matter how hard they beg and plead.

 

Sirius doesn’t know how he’s going to leave without seeing Remus, it’ll be like a broken routine, and as much as he tries to fight his parent’s influences, they raised him with routines. They also raised him with punishments when they were broken, and he wants to see Remus; he has to see him, so he looks desperately at James and Peter, who understand.

 

They aren’t marauders for nothing.

 

“That student just took the wrong potion”, Peter cries out, running towards the public end of the hospital wing and away from Remus’ private room. She takes her focus away from Sirius for one second, but that's all he needs. Sirius bolts to the door and just manages to wrench it open and see Remus before it magically swings shut, and then Madame Pomfrey kicks them all out with an indignant “well, I never”, but Sirius doesn’t hear it.

 

His mind is too caught up on the image of Remus, his body pale and limp on the bed, with three empty vials of blood replenishments on the table. Worst of all, though, there was a deep cut on his face that came in a group of four, like claw marks, still slowly oozing blood two hours after sunrise.

 

As he gets into the dorm, he makes his mind up and decides to let the other marauders in on his secret and what he’s planning; it’s time that they take this seriously. He pulls the packages of potion ingredients out from under his bed and the glamoured A Wizard’s guide towards becoming an animagus and looks at Peter and James sitting on the bed above him.

 

“Pranks are on hold for the time being”, he says solemnly. “We have a new mission.”

 

 

Fourth year (1974 – 1975)

 

Sirius is fourteen the first time he kisses a girl, and it’s alright. She’s a muggle that he met when he stormed out of the house after yet another fight with his parents, and he was sitting in the park down the road sulking. She sat next to him and offered him a cigarette which he took to seem cool, and then she laughed when he coughed on it. 

 

And then they were talking. 

 

And then she said, “kiss me?” and Sirius did.

 

And it was alright. Not good, not bad. Just alright.

 

She kissed him, and he kissed her back and did a good enough job even though the entire experience wasn’t exactly what he’d imagined it would be until the girl pulled away and said, “first time?” with a pitying look.

 

Sirius is too taken aback to deny it, and the girl just laughs and dives in again, so Sirius tries to match what she’s doing and wonders if the thrill he feels within his body is because he’s kissing a girl and he likes it or because he’s kissing a muggle and his parents would hate it.

 

It’s not bad, it’s just alright, but it isn’t the fireworks he’d imagined, but it’s clearly good enough as the girl pulls away and says, “I’m Katie; I’ll see you around.” 

 

Sirius had just waved back dazedly, wondering what had just happened.

 

He never does see her again, but he never forgets her.

 

 

Remus is fourteen the first time he kisses a boy, and he thinks it’s a miracle that it happened at all.

 

Besides the people at Hogwarts, he doesn’t really interact with anyone who isn’t family, but his father goes on a work trip for a week over the summer Holidays to Italy, and his mum goes to see her sister in Carmarthen and tells Remus it may be too big of a city to risk his exposure too. Remus tells her he’ll be fine and will stay at home the whole time and then leaves seconds after she does.

 

He floos to the Leaky Cauldron, goes out into muggle London and finds his way to Carnaby Street where he’s always wanted to go but his parents never let him.

 

There’s something about the place that had always attracted him for some reason he couldn’t quite pinpoint, an explainable need to just go, and then he’d find the answers to the questions he didn’t know how to ask.

 

So he goes.

 

It’s everything he hoped it would be, and he stays there all day, unable to afford anything but enjoying the vibe. It’s so different to rural Wales and everything he’s used to, and he doesn’t know quite where the thought comes from, but he thinks he could be himself here.

 

He thinks he could find himself here.

 

He’s leaning against a wall in an alleyway, smoking a cigarette that he’d stolen from his dad’s office, when a boy a couple of years older than him comes over to him with shoulder-length black hair and a leather jacket and something warm stirs in his gut that he’s never felt before.

 

“Hey”, he says, wondering where this will lead.

 

“Hey, pretty boy”, the boy says back. “Are you like me?”

 

“Yes”, Remus replies instantly, unsure what the question even was, until the boy tilts his head and bites his lip, and the feeling in his gut flares hotter and hotter as the boy steps closer and oh.

 

Oh.

 

He understands now, and he doesn’t even know what his answer is or what he wants it to be, but he meets him halfway and thinks this is the definition of you don’t know what you’re looking for until you’ve found it.

 

Because whatever this is, this is it.

 

It’s a little clunky and a little messy, but it’s sweet at the same time. It’s innocent, it’s growing up, it’s kissing a boy for the first time –“

 

Remus pulls back, staring wide-eyed at the boy, who just laughs. “Don’t tell me I was your gay awakening, love?”

 

“Um,” he replies helplessly.

 

The boy laughs again and pulls him in, and Remus goes willingly, knowing that whatever this is, whoever he becomes after this can’t be locked in rural Wales any longer.

 

 

Remus, as per usual, is the first one in the compartment back to Hogwarts. James appears second and they’re in the middle of talking about their summers when Sirius walks in and Remus’ stomach drops to his feet.

 

He looks the same as ever; a bit taller maybe, shoulders a bit broader, hair a little longer, but Remus is seeing him in an entirely new light, and he thinks he knows now why he found the boy in the alleyway so attractive.

 

It wasn’t because Remus thought he was hot. It was because he thinks Sirius is hot and the boy looked enough like him for Remus to project his crush onto.

 

Oh god.

 

He’s literally crushing on Sirius Black.

 

And it’s not like it will become anything; he and Sirius are complete opposites; half-blood and pureblood, quiet and loud, gay and straight.

 

But is he? He’s never asked, but can he even ask the question? Never say never he supposes –

 

“Guess who kissed a muggle girl at the park last week”, Sirius crows delightedly, and Remus’ heart joins his stomach on the floor.

 

 

After kissing that muggle girl, which was alright, Sirius wants to find the girl who makes kissing perfect. Within the first two months of the year, he’s made out with almost half of the girls in his year and over 1/10th of the girls in the school.

 

They don’t do anything more than kiss, a couple of girls had told him that he could touch them, and when he had hesitantly put his hands on their shoulders, they had given him bemused looks, but all of the kissing is alright. It’s nothing special, and he doesn’t know what he’s doing wrong. Maybe he’s just not supposed to enjoy kissing? Maybe it’s not actually enjoyable? He doesn’t really know, and doesn’t know if there’s anything he can do about it except deal with it and realise that kissing is just something to do and not something to look forwards to.

 

James seems amused but supportive of Sirius’ kissing endeavours; Peter just seems a bit jealous that the girls are willing to kiss him at all, and Remus wants nothing to do with it. He either glares at Sirius when he talks about it or just leaves the room immediately, and one day, after he’s gotten a letter from home and had his brother ignore him in the hallway, his temper snaps.

 

He makes one comment about how he had a shit day, Remus replies saying, “why don’t you find someone to kiss it all better” and before he knows it, they’re screaming at each other.

 

Sirius has had to deal with two members of his family today, Remus is two days away from the full moon, and it’s possibly the worst combination possible.

 

“What is your problem, Remus?” Sirius explodes. “What do you have against me kissing people? You’re such a prude. It’s my life, not yours, and I don’t ask for your input at all so how about you just go fuck off and leave me alone to make out with whoever I want, okay? It doesn’t concern you!”

 

“It’s all I hear about”, Remus yells back. “It’s all you talk about, and you never stop. You never stop! Maybe I don’t want to hear about everyone you kissed in vivid detail every time! Maybe I just want a fucking break –“

 

“You’re just jealous”, Sirius shoots back, which probably isn’t his best comeback, but it seems to affect Remus well enough for some unknown reason. “You’re just jealous that no one wants to kiss you, and you know what? You’re not even missing out on anything! It's average, I can describe it to you if you want, but you’ve clearly had enough of me talking if you’re too much of a prude to hear it!”

 

“I have kissed someone, and it was excellent, so maybe you’re the problem, Sirius!” Remus bursts out, which makes Sirius freeze, and when he looks at Remus, the Remus he knows and the Remus standing in front of him don’t quite match up in his brain.

 

“What?” he asks stupidly, trying to process what he just heard, unsure why it’s bothering him so much. “When did that happen? Who did you kiss? Who was she? Was it nice –“

 

Remus is still too angry to have a filter, so he screams, “his name was Marcus, and yes, it was nice. Thanks so much for asking.” Remus stands there, chest heaving in anger and Sirius’ brain short-circuits again, so his mother speaks for him as he says flatly, “but you can’t kiss a boy; that’s sodomy.”

 

Remus’ entire body stiffens, raw hurt painted across his face that gets replaced with anger, blazing so hot that Sirius feels the heat and starts sweating slightly, unsure what made him feel like this. By the time he pushes away his mother’s voice in his brain and has come back to himself, Remus has already hit him in the face and slammed the door so hard it took Sirius back to Grimmauld Place.

 

The hit hurt, but it was nothing compared to what Remus said next.

 

“You’re just like the rest of your family.”

 

 

Remus is, rather ridiculously, crying behind his favourite tapestry.

 

He hates that he is and wants to scream and shout and punch the castle walls again because he feels like he’s just had his heart broken by a boy who didn’t even know he’d had it to begin with.

 

He wasn’t expecting Sirius to like him back; he had never expected that, and he also hadn’t actually planned to come out to anyone so soon, if ever, but he isn't going to hide who he is. Plus, he had thought that if he had to, it would be Sirius and that he would be someone who would support and accept him.

 

And look how well that turned out.

 

Sirius has always taken pride in being nothing like his family, but was it all just a ruse for this? He’s never hurt James or Peter like this, and Remus is betting that it’s because they’re purebloods and he’s just a half-blood. Or maybe it’s because he’s a werewolf. Either way, Sirius has gotten a knife and stabbed him in the back so hard that the blade has come through his chest. Remus continues to touch it because it’s all he has left of him now, so he cuts himself further with reminders of Sirius as his mind whirls in a downward spiral.

 

It’s a bit sad, probably, how much of an influence Sirius had on him that this is where he ends up, although he supposes he’s just been rejected by the boy of dreams who didn’t even know he was being asked a question.

 

So, Remus sits there and cries, and then he stops crying and keeps sitting there, and sitting there, and sitting there as the sun sets.

 

He keeps sitting there even as the November cold floods through Hogwarts, and he watches the frost form on the window, and he just keeps sitting, wanting to move but having nowhere to go.

 

It must be at least midnight when the fabric moves, and Remus glances up, hoping he doesn’t look like he’s been crying and readying for another fight, but it’s not Sirius.

 

It’s Lily Evans, who is his friend but is also the last person he’d expected to see here. To be honest, he hasn’t expected anyone to come looking for him at all.

 

“Remus!” she hisses, scolding him at the same time she mothers him. “We’ve been looking for you everywhere; what are you– are you not even wearing a jacket?”

 

Remus hadn’t even realised he was cold until she casts a warming charm on him, and he feels his joints unfreeze as he stands up, refusing to take Lily’s hand that she holds out for him.

 

“I’m not going back to the dorm," he says dully, and thankfully, something on his face stops her from asking any questions.

 

“Okay”, is all she replies with. “I’ll bunk in with Mary; you can come to our dorm and sleep in mine.”

 

“No –“

 

“Come on, let’s go”, she says firmly, cutting him off and ignoring his protests, and so Remus lets her drag her along feeling her hand in his and pretending he doesn’t wish it were Sirius’.

 

 

Sirius lies on his bed and feels numb as waves and waves of guilt, disgust, and self-loathing roll over him.

 

Why did he say that? Why would he say that? He doesn’t mind that Remus is gay; people like who they like, and that’s that, but it just bothered him that it was Remus who was gay.

 

He doesn’t know why it bothered him, and he doesn’t know why it still does, but all he knows is that it was his mother who spoke for him. Or rather, it was him with his mother’s voice. It was he who said it; it was he who somehow learnt that from his parents and chose to remember it rather than reject it.

 

And now Remus will remember it for the rest of his life.

 

He had been doing so well, he had thought, at rejecting his family's wishes for him to be like them.

 

He had embraced life as a Gryffindor, and he had gotten detention and befriended half-bloods and muggleborns and blood traitors, and even though his mother’s voice was always in his head, he’d always been able to fight it.

 

Maybe he’s been fighting too long and he’s tired now, helpless to resist as he lets the Black influence wash over him, darkening the world around him as he sucks all the joy out of it like a dementor, ruining everything good he touches without even trying, because that’s just what he does.

 

He’s ruining everything, and now that Regulus is going to side with his parents and Remus is gone as far away from Sirius as he can get, it won’t be long until everyone else leaves and he’s left alone.

 

And so he lies there, for an undeterminable amount of time, watching the moon as it rises, wishing it weren’t so far away, until James returns from Quidditch practice, takes one look at him and is at his side in seconds.

 

“Sirius”, he whispers. “Why are you crying?”

 

Sirius didn’t even know he had been, and it doesn’t take him long to start again when James looks around and says, “where’s Remus? And what happened to your face?” Now he feels the sobs that wrack through his body, but he also feels James’ arms wrap around him as he climbs onto the bed and holds him.

 

He doesn’t want to tell James the truth, doesn’t want to risk losing him like he’s just done with Remus, but he can’t lie to James; they tell each other everything.

 

It’s quiet, James is waiting, but Sirius doesn’t want to talk. He has to say something.

 

“I wish I were you, James”, he whispers, his voice cracking down the middle. “I wish I were you.”

 

He can’t explain what actually happened without outing Remus, and he’s already done enough damage, so he just continues his chant and continues to cry.

 

“I like you because you’re you, Sirius”, James whispers back. “Everyone likes you because you are who you are.”

 

“Remus doesn’t”, Sirius replies brokenly. “And neither do I.”

 

 

Remus refuses to go back to the dorm for 5 days.

 

He only goes back because he needs his potions textbook for a practical, and it’s the middle of the day, so no one should even be there, but when he goes in, Sirius is sitting on his bed. He's furiously scribbling out a potions essay for next period, and both boys freeze when they see each other.

 

Remus turns to leave, and Sirius jumps off his bed before he can go.

 

“Remus, please”, he begs, and he sounds so desperate and so wrecked that Remus turns, and he's almost surprised at how awful Sirius looks. He looks like he hasn’t been sleeping, too stressed not to, and Remus is almost concerned until he remembers how he’s also been feeling these past 5 days and then almost all of his concern disappears in a heartbeat.

 

Almost.

 

“I didn’t say it, Remus. It wasn’t me who said it, it was my mother”, Sirius blurts out in a rush, and god, Remus is already ready for a fight at that declaration.

 

“You said it”, he says icily, still absolutely pissed about it and unwilling to discuss it, but Sirius has started it, so he has to finish it.

 

“Yes, I know”, Sirius replies before he seems to huff in frustration at himself, trying to find the words.

 

“If it’s just excuses, I’ll –“

 

“I think I’ve been abused,” Sirius blurts out, making Remus freeze, staring wide-eyed at him. It’s not an excuse for his actions, but whatever the reasoning for the declaration is still alarming because Sirius never brings his family up.

 

Sirius isn’t finished, though.

 

“I think a lot of it was emotional”, he says hesitantly, and when he looks at Remus, he looks scared. “I read a book back in first year”, he explains. “It was for you actually, when I was trying to figure out where all of your scars came from and how you kept getting bruises, but it wasn’t you who was. It was me. And Reggie. And I tried to tell him, but he didn’t want to believe me, and then I haven’t told anyone since, but what I’m trying to say is that sometimes I get her voice in her head of everything she told me growing up and it just wants to ruin everything I touch. It wants me to just act like her, act like the heir they want me to be, and usually, I can fight it, but I couldn’t last week, and I’m sorry”, he says all in one breath, and when he looks up, his eyes are wet again.

 

Remus doesn’t quite know how to respond.

 

“I don’t care that you like boys, I don’t know why it bothered me that you had kissed one, and I’m sorry that I made you think it was a problem, and I don’t know what’s wrong with me to say it, but something is because I did say it, but I don’t mean it. So just do what you like with whoever you like and, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry I couldn’t get her out of my head and –“

 

He’s rambling, almost desperate in his apologies, the way he’s pleading for Remus to forgive him, but Remus is slightly stuck on the beginning where Sirius had said emotional abuse; he hadn’t even known it was a thing. The way Sirius had mentioned manipulation, though, and not taking his own feelings into account, not having his father's support for the things he wants to achieve are giving him an uncomfortable feeling that settles in his stomach.

 

Does emotional abuse include taking your child’s letters and trying to restrict them from having friends? Does it include keeping your child at home in the holidays and not letting them leave? Is it normal because he’s a werewolf, or is it abnormal because he’s still a child?

 

Sirius is genuinely remorseful and has tried to explain even though he never talks about his family, but he’s done it anyways in an effort for Remus to understand. Remus thinks about all the fights he’s had with his father about letting him have friends. How he yelled at him over the letters. How he does the same thing every holiday. How he broke every window in the house with accidental magic when his father threatened to home-school him if he didn’t cut off his friends.

 

He knows firsthand how messy families can bring out the worst in people.

 

He looks at Sirius and thinks he understands why he did it, even if it still hurts.

 

“Okay, Sirius,” he says eventually, which cuts off Sirius’ tirade of apologies immediately, and he looks at Remus with such wide doleful eyes that Remus almost feels bad for being mad at him in the first place. “Apology accepted,” and even though he’s still hurting a little, even though things haven’t gone back to normal with a simple apology, Sirius literally deflates in relief as he slumps against his bedpost.

 

“Thank you”, he breathes out, genuine gratitude written in every line of his body. “Thank you, thank you, I’m sorry again –“

 

“I know”, Remus repeats before he looks at Sirius again. “What you said before about your family –“ he begins and Sirius stiffens immediately, flight or fight mode in overdrive.

 

“I’m not always very good at knowing what to say”, Remus says carefully, fumbling over his words a little. “But I can always listen if you ever wanted to talk.”

 

Something passes through Sirius’ face that Remus can’t quite make out, and then he replies with a slightly hoarse “I’ve talked enough for today, maybe another time.”

 

Remus smiles at him a little hesitantly and says, “you just let me know when.”

 

Sirius tentatively smiles back.

 

 

The next day, James corners Remus in what seems to be a deliberate set-up, and he sits Remus down and asks if he’s okay.

 

And Remus’ immediate reaction is to laugh because it’s such a James thing to say and such a James thing to do that he laughs, and James immediately looks as though he’s on the verge of a mental breakdown.

 

“Is this what Sirius told you about, about me?” he asks, and James looks at him a little closer and says, “kind of, but he didn’t actually tell me anything about you except that you fought, so I don’t know what it was about.”

 

And Remus looks at James and considers him, and James looks back, and Remus takes a risk because Sirius and James are one and the same, and if Sirius doesn’t actually mind Remus is queer, then surely that means James wouldn’t either. Because if James can accept him as a werewolf, then he doesn’t know why anything else would be a problem.

 

“What if I told you I were gay?” he asks, and James immediately responds with “, I’d probably give you a high five.” Remus raises his hand, and James laughs and high-fives him back, and Remus laughs too, because this entire conversation couldn't be any more James Potter if it tried.

 

“Anyone you’re crushing on, then?” he asks in what he thinks is a casual and discreet tone, but Remus stiffens because the question isn't inquisitive; it’s knowing.

 

“James,” he says, wrecked, pleading with him to listen. “You can’t tell him.” 

 

“I promise I won’t” is all he says, no room for doubt, and then they never bring up the subject again.

 

 

It’s easy to be friends with Remus, Sirius has found. It used to be exciting in the way that he’d have to pick and pick away at Remus’ nonchalance and indifference to everything happening in the world until he got a reply when he asked a question.

 

And then he smiled.

 

And then he laughed and he may as well have given Sirius the world.

 

Times have changed now because Remus is popular, and when he sits in the library, there’ll be students from different years and different houses who sit with him. When he walks down the corridor, people will say hello to him, and Sirius doesn’t think anything of it until a fifth-year girl asks Remus to go to Hogsmeade with her on Valentine’s Day. He has to physically bite his tongue to prevent himself from shouting “no”, and then he jolts back in surprise as he wonders where that thought came from.

 

The feeling within him is the same feeling he got when he found out Remus had kissed a boy, a weird mix of anger and displeasure and betrayal that ended in the biggest fight that they’d ever had. So Sirius shoves his seat back, ignores the look Remus sends him, and he almost runs out of the library before he can ruin their friendship again.

 

He ends up going into the Great Hall for lunch with Marlene, who takes one look at him and says, “what’s your problem?” 

 

Sirius doesn’t know what to say, so he just looks around in a panic, trying to find something but coming up with nothing because even he doesn’t know what’s wrong. Then, Marlene changes the topic and says, “Valentine’s Day is coming up. Look at that girl in the year above us with the braids at the Slytherin table; isn’t she fit?” and Sirius doesn’t need to look at her to say “not really”, because he’d never date anyone in Slytherin. Then Marlene replies with an almost offended “excuse me? She absolutely is, I’d tap her”, and Sirius’ brain short-circuits again.

 

“You like her?” he asks in shock, staring at the girl she described who is talking with his brother of all people. The dreamy way Marlene replies, “yeah, I do”, makes him know that she doesn’t just like her as a friend.

 

“Okay then”, he tells her simply, and he’s proud that he hasn’t absolutely cocked up this coming out conversation like he did with Remus until Marlene says, “any boy that you’ve got an eye on?” and once again, he freezes and oh, there’s his mother.

 

“I’m not gay”, he denies instantly, toujours pur screaming in his head like an alarm. Danger, keep clear of this conversation, toujours pur. “I like girls, I kiss girls.”

 

“You can like both”, Marlene replies disinterestedly before she smirks wickedly and says, “hasn’t been a lot of snogging in your life for a while, so who are you saving yourself for?”

 

“No one!” Sirius answers forcefully. “There is no girl I want to kiss in this school, so you can shut up about it!”

 

“Yeah, I know,” Marlene says, nodding once. “That’s why I asked about the boys.”

 

Remus’ face pops into Sirius’ head, and Sirius assumes it’s because Remus has been asked the same question before. Except he’s not out to anyone else? Is he? Does he have a boyfriend?

 

The same feeling as before comes back, the one of disgust and displeasure, and that other feeling that Sirius finally recognises as jealousy and –

 

“Oh. Oh, I want to be in a relationship.” Because of course. He’s jealous of Remus being in a potential relationship because he also wants a relationship.

 

“You’re a genius Marlene; I want a proper relationship", and then he strides off, ready to plan out his new mission, and he doesn’t look back to see Marlene’s unimpressed and resigned look that follows him.
Chapter 27: Wolfstar Interlude (part two): Fifth Year - Sixth Year
Summary:

    Wolfstar

Notes:

    In Manchester wooooo, got a 3 hour drive to mid wales where there's no wifi or signal, so hopefully I'll finish editing the last bit and go to town to upload tomorrow or Wednesday.

    This bit is mildly traumatic but its resolved and the last chapter is called seventh year, the war and the wedding so thats 2 extremes off fluff and angst.

    See you in a couple of days :)))

    EDIT- hello again- will have wifi again tomorrow night (Wednesday) so will bring my laptop and upload the last chapter of the interlude, so whatever time for you 6.30pm ish Wales time is, that’s when you get the last interlude chapter yay. And then back to Jegulus for another 2 chapters yay.

Chapter Text

Fifth year (1975 – 1976)

 

Sirius just wants a relationship with a girl, he doesn’t want to make out and then leave them anymore, and he has this realisation at the end of fourth year and then sits on it all summer, so he’s almost excited to go back to Hogwarts to start his hunt for a girlfriend.

 

This excitement lasts until halfway through the initial train ride when Remus reaches up towards his trunk to grab some more chocolate and his shirt rides up and his abs are on display and Sirius chokes on his own saliva because he wants to lick them.

 

He rears back in horror and confusion and helplessness because, what? Remus is his friend; he’s just his friend, so why would he want to do that? Why is it all he can think about now?

 

He’s just his friend.

 

Sirius goes to the bathroom, ignoring everyone else and locks the door, trying to calm himself down.

 

Why is it now that his brain is being weird, and why is it with Remus? He doesn’t need to be weird about anything; it’s just Remus.

 

It’s just Remus with the nice smile and the nice abs he wants to lick and the nice personality and the nice lips that he’s kissed a boy with.

 

He’s kissed a boy.

 

Sirius could be next.

 

Oh fuck,  he thinks in alarm. Oh fuck, fuck, fuck. I cannot be gay, and I cannot be gay for my best friend.

 

Denial is only so effective, though, so now his entire thought process is split between everything Remus and his mother’s constant chant of toujours pur, Sirius! Toujours pur!

 

Sirius never wants to see Remus again.

 

He never wants to let him go.

 

He groans, rubbing his hand over his face. It’s just all so complicated because he’s the heir, and it’s not like he wants to be, but it’s either him or Regulus. Regulus would probably die if he became the heir; he’s not cut out for it, not that Sirius really knows him anymore, but it still has to be him.

 

Sirius can’t be the heir with a boyfriend, though; he’s a Black. He can’t have a boyfriend.

 

That’s fine. He doesn’t even like men.

 

He eventually goes back to the compartment, takes one look at Remus and almost moans in unfairness.

 

He doesn’t like men, but he likes Remus.

 

“Alright?” he asks Sirius, frowning slightly and Sirius wants to smooth out the crinkle there and –

 

“Don’t talk to me”, he moans with his head in his hands, and Remus sighs, letting it go for now, but Sirius knows he’s going to try and bring it up with him later.

 

But what can he tell him? Sirius can’t like men. He doesn’t like men.

 

But he likes Remus.

 

 

Remus doesn’t bring it up again, but he watches Sirius more closely during the next week until he seems alright, but he’s not. He’s acting weird around Remus, and he doesn’t know what he’s done.

 

Is this because he didn’t write him any letters, didn’t reply to the ones he sent if he even sent any? He doesn’t know, and Remus is good at overthinking things, and Sirius is making it very easy to do so in the way he’s basically avoiding Remus.

 

He’ll hang out with James, he’ll hang out with Peter and the girls, but he’s avoiding Remus.

 

He avoids him for the better part of two weeks, and the only time he finds him is when they’re both in the dorm going to sleep. Even then, Sirius has taken to locking his curtains so that Remus still can’t get in.

 

Remus doesn’t know what he’s done, but whatever it is, he needs to know so he can stop.

 

He goes to the hospital wing for a full moon on a Thursday, wondering if Sirius is going to show up the next morning, and when he wakes, Sirius is sitting by his bed alone. 

 

He almost jumps in fright when he sees Remus wake up.

 

“The others have just gone to bring us breakfast”, he says nervously, glancing towards the door. “Maybe I’ll go see where they are –“

 

“Sirius”, Remus hears himself say, blaming it on the aftermath of the moon that he’s letting himself be this vulnerable as he says in a small voice, “have I done something?”

 

Sirius freezes where he had gotten up slightly, but as he glances at Remus and sees whatever is on his face, he sighs and flops back into his seat.

 

“No, Remus, you haven’t done anything,” he says dully, but it sounds like a lie.

 

“Why are you avoiding me then?” he counters, unwilling to back down, and Sirius stiffens again before seemingly forcing himself to relax. “I’m not.”

 

“You are!” Remus bursts out. “You are avoiding me, and you’re making me feel like shit because I don’t know what I’ve done wrong, and you won’t even tell me!”

 

“I can’t tell you”, is all Sirius says, which makes Remus frown, and honestly feel a bit hurt because when did he stop being a good enough friend for Sirius to trust?

 

“Of course you can tell me”, he replies emphatically, hoping Sirius believes him. “You can tell me anything. What have I done?”

 

“You haven’t don’t anything,” Sirius replies.

 

“Then what haven’t I done?” Remus counters, trying to figure out what he might have missed, what he should have done, and how he’s going to sort out this mess –

 

“Nothing”, Sirius says, sighing again and then staring out the window, ignoring Remus.

 

Remus waits him out, and eventually, Sirius breaks.

 

“I don’t know if I can be someone my parents are proud of,” is all he says quietly, which is not what Remus was expecting, but that’s okay; he did say he would always be here to listen. He hopes he’s not ruining things or making it awkward as he replies, “well then, just be someone so that you’re proud of yourself.”

 

He starts to drift off soon after that, always tired after the moon, and he doesn’t know if he was supposed to hear the fragile way Sirius whispers, “I don’t know if I can be him either.”

 

 

Things seem to go back to normal after that, even if Remus isn’t quite sure what happened, but maybe it’s the voices in his head that Sirius had talked about? Maybe he just wasn’t in the mood for Remus? He doesn’t really know and can’t entirely blame him if it is that last point, but he thinks he finds out on Sirius’ sixteenth birthday.

 

The day starts normally; Sirius opens his presents, a new record player from James and Peter and a second-hand David Bowie record from Remus, obligatory rounds of happy birthday at every meal and then a party in the evening.

 

They’ve smuggled firewhiskey in, Sirius and James, and he doesn’t know where it came from or who it came from, but nobody really seems to care, especially Sirius who is drinking straight from the bottle and has been for hours.

 

He’s giggling by the time the party starts, and he’s quite drunk when the cake is cut, and the dancing starts, but the alcohol, music, and screaming are giving Remus a headache. He hasn’t drunk enough to actually feel anything, so he heads up the stairs to sneak away and go to bed when he hears Sirius call his name.

 

 

Sirius likes Mary; she’s pretty similar to him in that she’s loud and says whatever is on her mind so it’s always easy to know where he stands with her.

 

It’s especially easy now as they sway on the dance floor together, laughing over already-forgotten jokes and stumbling back and forth when she says, “I like you, Sirius. I have for a while, do you want to go to Hogsmeade with me this weekend?”

 

“On a date?” is all Sirius’ alcohol-ridden mind can say. “Me and you? A date?”

 

“Yeah,” Mary breathes out, leaning closer. “What do you say?”

 

Sirius is about to say no when he sees Remus going through the stairs towards the dorms, and any thought of Mary slips from his mind.

 

“One minute”, and then he’s moving across the dance floor, uncaring of who tries to talk to him as he beelines directly for Remus’ shadow.

 

“Remus”, he calls out, smiling dopily as he sees him, and Remus smiles back in fond amusement.

 

“Hi Sirius,” he says as he comes back down the stairs, so he’s a step below Sirius, and they’re standing eye to eye.

 

“I just wanted to say hi”, Sirius says, still smiling, and Remus laughs slightly and indulges him.

 

“Hi Sirius.”

 

Sirius watches as Remus unfolds his arms from his chest and grabs one of his hands before he can drop them by his side, and he doesn’t quite know what he’s doing as he traces the veins and twirls the ring on his middle finger and holds his own against it, before he bends his fingers down and just, holds it, clasping Remus’ hand between his own.

 

“Sirius”, Remus says, sounding slightly strained. “What are you doing?” He follows the sound of Remus' voice up towards his mouth.

 

“I think I’m drunk”, he says.

 

He sees his lips.

 

“I can’t hear my mother when I’m drunk”, and he can’t help himself as he surges forwards and kisses Remus who freezes, likely in surprise and then he kisses him back and oh. He finally understands the hype around kissing because if this is what it’s like every time?

 

Oh, it's everything.

 

He feels like he’s floating, he’s weightless, he’s ascended to heaven and is basking in the sunlight of angels, and the only way he stays tethered to reality is with the feeling of Remus’ arms around his waist. 

 

He feels like he’s falling, it’s not as comfortable anymore, and then he feels himself hit the ground, battered and bruised, as Remus pushes him away.

 

“Sirius”, he says weakly, looking like he can’t decide whether or not to move in or pull back again and oh shit.

 

Shit.

 

Shit, shit, shit.

 

His mother is back.

 

Sodomites should be killed. They are not fit to exist in our society; they are worse than animals.

 

Toujours pur, Sirius!

 

Even after all this time, he still wants her to be proud of him.

 

He looks at Remus and his mind seems to disappear until all that’s left is his mother, so he bursts out apologies before he can fuck it all up.

 

“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, we shouldn’t have done that”, and then he’s racing back down the stairs, toujours pur circling in his head so as he looks up at Mary and sees her still waiting on the dance floor, looking hopefully for him to come back, his body acts before his mind does.

 

“Yes”, he says. “Yes, I’ll go to Hogsmeade with you”, and Mary laughs, and Sirius kisses her because she’s a girl, and Mary kisses him back. He tastes strawberry lip gloss, smells her perfume, doesn’t smell cigarettes and chocolate, and almost wants to cry.

 

 

Remus knows that whoever else he makes out with, they will never compare to Sirius Black.

 

He tasted like firewhiskey and a trace of cigarettes and smelt like the fancy cedarwood shampoo that he never lets anyone use.

 

He’s so grateful for the kiss, so heartbroken it ended knowing no one else will compare, and so he’s basically just condemned himself for a future of mediocre lovers.

 

He goes to follow Sirius back downstairs, to kiss him again? To talk? Preferably to kiss some more, but as he follows his line of sight and comes across Sirius kissing Mary in the middle of the dance floor like he’s proud of her and not in the dark shadows of the spiral staircase, Remus stands and stares.

 

Sirius doesn’t look at him.

 

A discarded bottle of firewhiskey does.

 

He takes it back to his room and wards his curtains before sitting on his bed, sipping on the long-forgotten bottle and feeling long forgotten.

 

He thinks of the kiss, replaying it in his head and sipping firewhiskey, not because he wants to forget, but because it helps him remember. 

 

He has a love-hate relationship with firewhiskey now for the exact same reasons; It’s the only way he’ll ever taste Sirius again.

 

 

They don’t talk about that night, and sometimes, Remus wonders if he forgot it even happened. 

 

But he doesn’t think he did. Sirius may have been drunk for the kiss, but he was lucid for the apology, and Remus knows he knows.

 

Still, they both just pretend that it didn’t happen, and after a week and a half, they go back to normal, to being friends, and Remus doesn’t know if it’s reality or wishful thinking when he thinks that Sirius looks at him for a little longer than he used to.

 

Whatever the reason, Sirius has Mary now, and so outwardly, Remus supports them and helps him organise a Valentine’s day gift and tells them to have fun on their date.

 

Inwardly, he pines.

 

 

Mary is a great girlfriend.

 

She’s funny and pretty, and she makes him laugh, and she doesn’t take any shit from him, and every time Sirius thinks something is missing from their relationship, he just tells himself that it’s yet to come.

 

He can’t have everything all at once, so he just has to wait.

 

It’s fun as well, seeing what he can get away with, because his mother’s voice is much quieter about him dating a muggle-born than it is about kissing Remus Lupin. 

 

So long as he pretends their kiss never happened, he can almost convince himself it never did.

 

 

The next full moon lands on March 12th.

 

Remus gets his birthday present on the morning of the tenth, or rather, he assumes there will be a few presents waiting for him when he wakes up, but he is woken up by a big lump jumping on him and licking his face instead. When he goes to push Sirius away, his eyes shoot open in alarm as he sees a black dog frantically wagging its tail. When he goes to call for help from one of the others, he sees that they’ve all disappeared, and all that’s left is a rat and a literal stag with literal antlers.

 

He knows exactly who is behind it, but he doesn’t know why his dormmates have decided that this is the best gift for him.

 

It’s a good prank, he’ll give it to them, and he’s especially impressed by the stag they managed to somehow coax through the castle and up the stairs without being caught. He absentmindedly reaches out to pat the dog, who steps back and disappears, and then Sirius is standing in front of him.

 

Remus tries to figure out what this dream means.

 

He looks at the stag that turns into James and then at Peter, where the rat was.

 

Remus opens his mouth, closes it and then blinks.

 

Blinks again.

 

The dog is back. Sirius is gone.

 

The dog is gone. Sirius is back.

 

“Um” is all he can say, which is a fair enough response. “Um.”

 

“So, we didn’t want to tell you just in case we couldn’t do it”, James begins, stumbling over his words in excitement. “But we have done it, we’ve done it –“

 

“We’ve become animagus to keep you company on the full moon”, Sirius blurts out, and Remus knows that if he was a dog again, his tail would be a blur. 

 

Remus lets the warmth of their gesture rush through him and thinks about how nice it would be. It does mean that they did all of this for him without asking, that they even tried in the first place, let alone pulled it off successfully. It’d be nice if they could spend the moons together and everyone is looking so hopefully at him and they must have been planning this for ages and – 

 

“No”, he says out loud, and Sirius rears back in offence.

 

“Excuse me?” he says, looking ready to fight, and god, Remus is ready as ever.

 

“You’re not joining me for moons, it’s too dangerous, and I won’t let you.” He literally will not budge on this; there’s no way it’s happening.

 

“With all due respect”, James chips in. “You can’t actually stop us.”

 

“And you’re not going to tell on us, are you?” Sirius asks sweetly because he knows he’s right. His smile turns into a smirk as Remus says, “no, I won’t tattle on you like a first year”, until he realises what the others think this means and reiterates, “but that doesn’t mean you’re coming.”

 

 

Two days later, the moon rises, and a wolf, a stag, a dog and a rat run around the shrieking shack and howl at the moon.

 

Three days later, Remus returns to his body without injuries for the first time.

 

“It’s a miracle”, Madame Pomfrey says when she picks him up from the shack the next morning.

 

“It’s love”, Remus whispers to himself as he watches Sirius fold 200 pages of handwritten notes on the animagus process in posh pureblood calligraphy into a box under his bed.

 

 

The full moon in April and May goes off without a hitch again, and in early May a week before the Summer Holidays, Sirius sees the family bird swooping in through the Great Hall with mail. Instead of it dropping a letter towards Regulus, which would usually make him scowl at him across the hall, the bird drops the letter in front of Sirius, making his stomach curl.

 

He glances at it, sees the words this summer, and there will be no room for refusal and stands up immediately, ignoring everyone who calls his name and taking shortcut after shortcut so that Mary can’t follow him.

 

He almost wishes Remus had followed him instead until he remembers that he’s not supposed to think that.

 

When he’s sure he’s alone, he opens the letter, and his heart drops like a stone as bile rises in his throat.

 

Sirius O. Black

 

It is time that you adhere to your duties befitting of our heir and your status in Wizarding Society. 

 

It has become clear that you are unable to make these decisions on your own, so we have made arrangements for you to receive the Dark Mark this summer, where you will split your duties between assisting the House of Black and the Dark Lord.

 

There will be no room for refusal.

 

Walburga R. Black

 

And that’s it.

 

Sirius wants to make his parents proud of him, as much as he’s tried to deny it, as much as he pretends he doesn’t, but there’s no way he can do this.

 

He can’t.

 

He’d rather die.

 

But to have this ultimatum? The textbook he read in first year that talked about how parents need to love their children exactly as they are flips uninvited into his mind, but instead of being upset, a strange mixture of rage and detachment slips into his mind. He spends the rest of the day sitting in silence, refusing to go to class as he tries to brainstorm a way to get out of this.

 

But there is no way out. 

 

If he leaves, Regulus has to take his place, and there’s no way he’s going to do that.

 

If he stays, he’ll get the mark, and there’s no way he’s going to do that either.

 

It’s an impossible situation, and he withdraws for the last week of the school year, still sitting all his OWL exams, sitting and laughing and talking with his friends, but not quite able to match the time passing with the day of the week.

 

Mary asks what’s wrong, and he snaps at her to leave him alone.

 

James asks what’s wrong, and he snaps at him too.

 

Remus asks what’s wrong, and Sirius says, “my mother,” before he turns and leaves the room and the conversation.

 

Remus doesn’t say anything more about it, but Sirius finds a chocolate frog on his bed before he goes to sleep and feels the most human he has all week. And then he’s on the Hogwarts Express, pulling into the station, and he feels as though he’s going to be sick.

 

Everybody always goes home for the holidays, but Sirius? He leaves it.

 

 

Sirius says goodbye to his friends, hugging them extra tight in case he never sees them again and then finds his brother waiting for Kreacher at the station. Regulus looks at him with something close to concern in his gaze until Kreacher’s arrival distracts him from what he may or may not have been about to say.

 

They apparate home, his parents ignore him, and Regulus visits his friend Barty Crouch Junior because, apparently, he’s an acceptable acquaintance to have. Sirius just stays in his room, and the first month of summer passes like this.

 

It’s dull and boring, and Sirius is too antsy about his apparent Dark Mark initiation that he needs to get out of to actually focus on anything.

 

It’s agony waiting, not knowing and not having a way out, so it’s almost a relief when his mother enters his room on the first of August and tells him to put on his best robes and then come downstairs.

 

Sirius knows what’s going to happen, but he’s not going to let it, so he goes downstairs dressed in a muggle t-shirt and jeans and folds his arms defiantly.

 

“I’m not taking the mark”, he says boldly despite the terror he’s feeling. Is he about to die? People don’t refuse the Dark Lord and get away with it, but here he is, blatantly defying him.

 

His mother's eyes darken, his father raises his wand, and then the entire world takes on a red hue.

 

He’s taken the cruciatus curse before, but never for so long, never like this, and he forgets everything that isn’t the pain in his body and the blood in his mouth, and it hurts, it hurts, it hurts.

 

“You will not defy us like this”, his mother says harshly. “Now stand up and act in a manner befitting of our heir.”

 

Sirius shakes his head, and then he’s screaming again.

 

It goes on for a long time; it could be seconds or hours, he doesn’t know, but it’s long enough that he forgets where he is and who he’s with. All he can feel is pain from the cruciatus curse, pain from the cutting hex, and pain for his brother, who will panic when he runs away with him.

 

Because he has to leave.

 

He’s already dying, and he’s going to die with certainty if he stays here, but he’s too far gone to fight back.

 

He can’t move, can’t think, can’t see.

 

It’s just pain.

 

It’s just pain; it’s all that he has, all that he knows until what sounds like the desperate voice of his brother pleads for his parents to stop, and then Sirius thinks he and Regulus scream in tandem.

 

Everything hurts, his senses are spent, and he’s barely conscious, so he doesn’t know when it stops.

 

He doesn’t know anything.

 

He doesn’t know that his brother picks him up off the ground and drags him towards the fireplace.

 

He doesn’t know that the damp patch on his shirt when he wakes up is from his brother’s tears and not his own.

 

He doesn’t know that his brother tells him he loves him and tells him he’s sorry and tells him everything he’s always wanted to say and everything Sirius has always wanted to hear.

 

He doesn’t know that Regulus calls out Potter Manor and pushes him through the floo.

 

He doesn’t know that Regulus did it knowing the portraits would tattle on him, that he’d be punished, and that he was knowingly taking Sirius’ place.

 

He doesn’t know that his brother still loves him.

 

Sirius wakes up five days later, remembering that his parents cursed him and his brother watched and did nothing, and that is the story he tells.

 

 

Remus hates the disconnectedness that summer brings.

 

His father is still stealing his letters, his mother is still letting him do whatever he wants and then trying to appease Remus whenever he’s gone, and even though it’s relaxing, it’s lonely. Nothing he does or tries makes his father inclined to return his letters or let him send any of his own.

 

He can’t figure out where the letters go, but the pile of ash in the fireplace grows every few days, and he eventually resigns himself to the fact that he’s going to move out at seventeen and read however many letters he likes. Then, on the 2nd of August, in the middle of the night, a howler is delivered to the box in the conservatory where his father warded his letters to arrive.

 

Lyall Lupin had accounted for cards and letters and different types of parchment, but he had not accounted for howlers, so the whole house wakes to James Potters’ desperate voice.

 

Remus, I hope you hear this, but Sirius just flooed to my house, and he’s hurt. We don’t know why, but we think something happened to him at home. He hasn’t woken up yet, but I thought you’d want to know that he’s safe here now. I hope you hear this and know you can come over anytime and stay for however long you need. Hope you’re having a great summer.

 

 

Lyall Lupin comes into Remus’ room yelling that he is not leaving this house and he needs to let his friends go, but he’s talking to an empty room with an open window and a curtain billowing in the breeze.

 

 

Trains don’t run at 3am in rural Wales, but Remus takes his bike and cycles 28km to the nearest wizarding town which takes him an hour, and then he bursts into the pub without bothering to say hello and calls out “Potter Manor.”

 

The horrified gasps that sound out before the softer “oh Remus dear, James said you might be coming” make him realise that travelling by floo so soon after Sirius’ arrival maybe wasn’t his best move, but he wasn’t thinking.

 

He still isn’t thinking as he looks at James in a panic, who understands immediately and brings him up the stairs into a spare room and –

 

Oh.

 

Remus’ only thought now is that he’s going to murder Sirius’ entire family unless someone else gets there first.

 

Sirius looks dead, and yes, Remus has already checked his pulse twice in the past minute to make sure he isn’t. His skin is so pale it's almost translucent, and his muscles are twitching involuntarily under the sheets. As glad as Remus is to be here at his side, he sincerely hopes he never has to see this again.

 

Sirius is loud. He’s bold, brash, loud, and light, and not this.

 

He doesn’t lie on the bed and not make a joke, and he doesn’t do silence like this and shouldn’t be here like this.

 

The small, selfish part of Remus is just glad that he and Sirius are together at all, regardless of circumstances.

 

James spends most of his time on the other side of Sirius’ bed, and James’ parents bring them food and don’t bother trying to move them.

 

They had asked once if Remus wanted a bed to rest in, and he had shaken his head, unmistakable for anything but steadfast refusal. He had been ready to fight away anyone who tried to move him, but James’ mum had just smiled sadly and said, “you just let me know if you change your mind.”

 

 

Sirius stirs in and out of consciousness for an indeterminable amount of time; he can’t quite tell how often they occur and how long the phases of sleep are in-between, but there’s usually a murmuring of familiar voices that entice him forwards, closer towards wakefulness, but he never reaches it.

 

There’s a constant warmth of a hand in his hand, and he distantly wonders if it’s Regulus.

 

There are times when his eyes open only to fall shut again, the simple act of opening his eyes too much for his exhausted body.

 

Eventually, though, he does wake, but before he opens his eyes, he tries to catalogue what he knows.

 

He’s at James’ house.

 

Regulus isn’t.

 

His parents wanted him to take the Dark Mark, but he refused, so they tortured him.

 

Regulus wasn’t tortured, but Regulus also didn’t do anything.

 

Sirius left, Regulus didn’t, and all Regulus did was watch.

 

Fine.

 

It’s fine.

 

He’s at his new brother’s house now.

 

He opens his eyes, and the room swims into view even though he has to blink twice to focus on anything; the room is empty, except for Remus at his side.

 

“Sirius”, Remus breathes out, which makes him smile slightly, knowing that Remus is here at the same time that Sirius got sick. It’s literally the best coincidence that he could have asked for until it clicks in his mind that Remus is here in the summer holidays. Remus never manages to send letters, let alone be here, but he’s here.

 

He’s here.

 

“What are you doing here?” he blurts out inelegantly, missing out on all of the “hey” or “hello” that he expected he would have said. “Moony, you’re here; how did you get here.” Another pause, then, “why are you here?”

 

Remus frowns at this question, biting his lip, and Sirius blames it on the pain potions, the torture, and the trauma that he almost reaches out and touches it, just to pull it away.

 

“You were hurt”, Remus says eventually, and Sirius doesn’t quite understand why those words seem so heavy, what all the deeper meanings are, but there’s something more than just those three words in that sentence.

 

“You were hurt, I don’t want to say that you needed me, but James thought you might’ve so he sent a letter and, I came.”

 

Sirius lets the warmth that that sentence brings flow through him, and he basks in it even as he feels his eyelids drooping. He’s still unable to stay awake for too long as his body continues to heal, but just before he slips back into the void of darkness he’s spent the better part of a week in, he manages to slip out one more sentence, once again feeling as though there’s a lot more meaning than just the five words he says.

 

A soft smile.

 

Eyelids flutter closed.

 

“I’ll always need you, Moony.”

 

 

Summer continues to pass, Sirius gets better even though he seems a bit more withdrawn than before, and Remus stays at the Potters and doesn’t go home.

 

He should.

 

He knows he should; he’s only making things worse for himself, and the silence from his father is making him more stressed than if he’d actually sent him a letter, but he can’t bring himself to go home.

 

He also can’t bring himself to regret being here, and he honestly doesn’t know how he will go home again for the holidays when this is what he’s been missing out on.

 

Reading under the trees while James practices quidditch at all hours of the day.

 

Talking with James’ parents who ask him about his friends and ask him about his classes, and the only time they bring up him being a werewolf is with a quiet “we’ve warded a square kilometre of the woods out the back for you to run around in on Saturday night, and I’m a licenced healer, so I’ll patch you up if you need it.”

 

And Sirius.

 

He’s everywhere.

 

He’s at the breakfast table every morning as he talks about the dreams he had, and he talks about what he’s going to do today and he talks and talks and talks.

 

He’s in the sky as he and James play 1v1 quidditch matches. He’s in front of Remus, pleading for him to come and fly even though he never says yes.

 

He’s gone from being every thought that crosses through Remus’ mind to everything he sees and hears around him.

 

Sirius is everywhere, and some days Remus feels drunk on just existing in the same space as him as he takes all he can get of Sirius before he has to go home.

 

Nighttime is usually the only break he gets from him, which is equal parts relieving as it is lonely, until 2 weeks after he and Sirius first came to the Potter’s, Remus wakes to the door being cracked open. He knows it's Sirius before he’s opened his eyes, he can smell him; his cedarwood shampoo and a trace of cigarettes that he undoubtedly stole from Remus and hid from James’ parents and –

 

“Sirius?” he croaks out, blinking sleep out of his eyes and becoming much more awake when he smells fear as well. “Sirius, are you okay? Do you want me to get James?”

 

Sirius looks guilty for some reason, but he stands his ground as he says, “nah, I’ll just come sleep with you if that’s alright?”

 

He’s heartbreakingly unsure, which is so un-Sirius-like that Remus almost wants to scream at the entire Black Family, but he doesn’t hesitate as he throws back the covers, selfishly wishing that the circumstances were different.

 

“Yeah, Sirius, that’s alright”, and then they’re silent, lying side by side, until Sirius murmurs, “I kept seeing my parents, I’m not good at sleeping alone anymore, but James deserves a break.”

 

Remus digests this for a moment, once again wanting to set the entire Black Family on fire, and even though the words taste sour in his mouth, he still forces them out for Sirius because this is what love can look like, he supposes; making yourself bleed so the other can heal.

 

“I can get Mary to come over if you want?” he offers, ignoring the way the wolf within him is lashing out violently in displeasure, and Remus has to press his lips together so he doesn’t take it back, but he doesn’t because it's for Sirius.

 

He’ll do anything for Sirius if he asks him to.

 

There’s another long silence, a yawn, and then a sleepy, “I don’t need Mary when I’ve got you.”

 

 

The closer everyone gets to September 1st, the more excited they all are to go back to Hogwarts, but Remus is getting increasingly tense, his temper getting shorter and shorter. He manages to blame it on the moon, which everyone accepts until he snaps at Mrs Potter when she asks him if he wants more eggs, and then he’s stammering out apologies and walking out into the garden, just needing to be moving. It’s equally surprising and expected that he hears footsteps follow him 5 minutes later, and then there's the familiar smell of cedarwood.

 

“You don’t need to tell me to apologise; I already know”, Remus says before Sirius can speak. He doesn’t want a lecture, doesn’t need one, thinks he’ll snap at Sirius some more if he tries, and he doesn’t know what he was expecting, but it’s not for Sirius to sit down next to him where they watch their reflections in the water, nudge his shoulder and say “this isn’t about the moon, is it?” Somehow, after everything, that makes a lump form in Remus’ throat, and he has to settle for shaking his head and hoping Sirius doesn’t notice.

 

He does.

 

“It’s not about Hogwarts either, is it?” Sirius asks, and Remus shakes his head again, hoping he doesn’t ask –

 

“Is it your parents?” Sirius asks hesitantly, seemingly unsure if he’s overstepping a boundary because it’s not like Remus has ever asked Sirius about his parents, and while Remus doesn’t want to talk about it with anyone, he doesn’t think he’d mind as much if it’s with Sirius.

 

After all, Sirius has been honest with him about his own parents, and although Sirius is always honest, some of their conversations have been almost raw, like they weren’t just sharing words but pieces of their souls.

 

Remus isn’t good at sharing things, he’s a mosaic of secrets, but if anyone is going to strip him down to the person that hides underneath, he thinks it’ll be Sirius.

 

“James had to send a howler so that I knew you were hurt”, is what he begins with, and Sirius doesn’t say anything except to scoot a little closer so that their shoulders are touching, a comforting presence as Remus takes down a piece of the mosaic and gives it to Sirius to protect.

 

“My father doesn’t want me to have friends; he says it’s too dangerous”, Remus continues before he spits out, “he always confiscates my letters. That’s why I never reply; that’s why I never talk about what you write. Because I don’t know. And he didn’t let me leave. I don’t know if it's normal or if it’s right or if it’s wrong.” And then he adds a much quieter “I don’t know much, but I know I don’t want to go home.”

 

“To get your Hogwarts stuff?” Sirius asks softly, and as Remus nods, Sirius says, “then we’ll go to Diagon Alley today, and I’ll buy it all new with my inheritance from Uncle Alphard,” and that makes Remus let out a huff of incredulous laughter for the first time in a week.

 

“You’re not buying me new Hogwarts equipment when I have perfectly good stuff at home.”

 

“Yeah, but you don’t have a perfectly good home to go back and get it from”, Sirius counters boldly, raising an eyebrow, and there’s the snap again “oh because you know all about it, don’t you.” And then he’s stalking back towards the house, ignoring Sirius’ furious “oh fuck you, Remus.” He says a quick thank you to Mr and Mrs Potter, tells James he’ll see him on the train, and then he’s flooing back to South Wales and picking up his bike he left almost four weeks ago and then he’s back home, and his father is all up in his face when all he wants to do is go to bed and try to not to cry.

 

“Where the hell have you been?” he's yelling. He’s in full lecture mode now, yelling about being irresponsible and endangering his friends and what did he do for the last full moon, and he’s not going to go back to Hogwarts on Tuesday, and there’s the snap.

 

“I’m going to go to Hogwarts, and you’re going to be lucky if you ever see me again”, is all Remus says, ignoring the way his father’s eyebrows raise in surprise or the way his mother, who had been watching from the doorway raises her hand over her mouth in horror. 

 

Remus storms up the staircase and slams the door to his room.

 

“2 more days”, he tells himself. “it’s only 2 more days.”

 

 

Sirius spends the first five minutes of Remus’ departure still seething, and when he walks inside and realises that he has actually gone and isn’t just hiding, his insides fill with dread.

 

“My parents don’t really want me to have friends”  and “I don’t want to go home” were probably 2 of the most honest sentences he’s ever heard from him, and what had Sirius done? Ruined things and shoved them back in his face, just like his mother would have done.

 

Sirius has escaped Grimmauld Place, and he’s never going back, but sometimes he wonders if he actually escaped his mother’s need to ruin everything he’s happy with. If he's actually escaped his father’s sharp tongue and vicious temper. Or if maybe, he didn’t escape them at all but rather bought them with him, their very essences twisted together, forever unescapable, to make up Sirius’ DNA.

 

Always a Black, no matter who else he wishes he were instead.

 

 

Sixth year (1976 – 1977)

 

Sirius spends the next 2 days almost fretfully as he wonders if he’s ever going to see Remus again. Is he going to make it on the train? Will he still be mad at Sirius? What if he comes back and just ignores him? What if he doesn’t come back?

 

He’s genuinely just fretful as he wonders what Remus is going to do, how he’s going, he had told him that he didn’t want to go home, something that Sirius understands intimately, and he had made a joke about it and threw it back at him.

 

His mother would be so proud of him right now.

 

He wants to send Remus a letter, even though he doesn’t know if it’ll make things worse, but if he doesn’t make it onto the train, then he’ll have nothing of Sirius to remember him by; will he even want to remember him?

 

Sirius is usually impulsive, never thinking too much about what he’s going to do, act first and take the consequences later, but there have always been exceptions which have always been with people he cares about.

 

The first was Reggie.

 

The second was James.

 

The third is Remus, and he’s literally overthinking to the point of being unable to think at all, his own thoughts are so loud that they drown out his mother, and his denial of his crush on one Remus Lupin is almost non-existent now as he wonders if he’s just ruined everything they could have been.

 

It’s James, lovely, lovely James, who lets Sirius have his crisis while he packs his trunk for him and makes him shower and makes sure he grabs the portkey and gets him on the train where Remus is already in the compartment, a little pale and a little tired but he’s here. Remus isn’t a hugger, and Sirius has always respected this, but he doesn’t give a shit right now as he yanks him up by the arm and wraps his own around him with a quiet “oh thank fuck you made it”, and even though Remus tenses up at first, he does tentatively hug Sirius back. Just like that night on the stairs at Sirius’ sixteenth, they fit, and that brings back the thought of them kissing and the fallout of it and Mary and –

 

Oh shit.

 

Mary.

 

“I forgot about Mary”, Sirius blurts out, pulling away from Remus and looking wide-eyed around the room for help, but everyone is just staring at him in slight bemusement, with anticipation for the drama to unfurl because, sure enough –

 

“Sirius Black, you had better have a bloody good explanation for ignoring me for the last month of summer!”

 

“Mary!” he cries out, going to wrap her in a hug, except she shoves him on the chest and folds her arm, tapping her foot and waiting for an explanation.

 

“What kind of boyfriend disappears for an entire month and then greets their girlfriend like this? Who does that besides you, you absolute dick?” And then she’s off, yelling, shouting, describing all of the injustice in the situation, and usually, it’s something Sirius admires about her, but right now, he just wants it to stop. 

 

It’s not his fault he forgot about her; maybe she should just be a bit more unforgettable? But he can’t say that, can he? It’s not her fault she’s not Remus. 

 

He’s being berated, and as much as he deserves it, he just wants to go back to the four marauders, and he just wants to go back to hugging Remus again. He’s hugged Mary heaps of times, so it’s not as special as it used to be, but never Remus when he’s sober, so that’s still exciting, but Mary is still going and –

 

“Lay off him, would you,” Remus cuts in sharply, glaring at her. “It was a rough summer for all of us, so just back off”, and whatever argument Mary seemed to have seems to die at seeing the look in his eye. Sirius is just so grateful to Remus at this moment that he barely notices the way Mary says, “you’re taking me to Hogsmeade on Saturday to make it up to me, alright?” until James kicks him in the shin, and Sirius blurts out “yup, see you Saturday.” And then, at last, Mary hugs him back, but she’s too short for him to rest his head on like Remus does to him, and when he kisses her, she doesn’t taste of cigarettes and chocolate.

 

Sirius loves Mary; he loves being her girlfriend, truly he does, so he doesn’t know why he feels like he can breathe a bit better the moment she closes the door behind her, and it’s just him, James, Peter, and Remus.

 

 

Sirius dates Mary, loudly and publicly, and Remus watches.

 

Remus watches, and every full moon when the other boys comment how Moony ignored everyone else and just wanted to play with Padfoot, Remus laughs it off even though he knows it’s the only time he gets to be close to Sirius and touch him without consequences.

 

Sirius loves Mary, and Remus watches up until Christmas Eve when everyone goes home for the Christmas Holidays and Remus chooses to stay, but James and Sirius convince him to come back to the Potters. James sneaks out a bottle of firewhiskey and they all get giggly and happy and they’re laughing until James goes to bed and Remus is lying on the grass, looking at the stars and Sirius lies next to him, unbeknown to him, looking at the moon.

 

“I see your star”, Remus finds himself saying, his lips moving before his brain has caught up, and then he rolls over to look at the star in question.

 

“I see your moon”, Sirius answers, and Remus laughs until Sirius rolls over too and then they’re lying centimetres apart, and nothing is funny anymore.

 

He feels the alcohol running through his veins, but there’s something else, something electric, something more than just two friends when no one else is watching.

 

Remus waits for Sirius.

 

He’s always waiting.

 

“I can’t hear my mother when I’m drunk”, Sirius says, an echo of a year ago.

 

Déjà vu.

 

“Remus”, Sirius says weakly, leaning forwards.

 

Déjà vu.

 

“Remus”, Sirius whispers, his breath ghosting across Remus’ lips and then they’re both moving, and it’s the same as last time, all cigarettes, firewhiskey and secrets kept in the dark.

 

It’s incomparable to last time, it’s bolder, hotter, messier, better, and Remus had gone so long without it that he’d become thirsty, always waiting, always hoping for more, but he’d never forgotten it.

 

It’s hot, it’s wet, it’s the eye of the storm where all you can focus on is right in front of you, and as they eventually break away, Remus finds himself whispering, “don’t run away this time.”

 

Sirius takes his hand, pulling him towards Remus’ room and says, “I promise.”

 

Outside, Remus swears the moon, and the stars glow a little brighter in the night sky.

 

 

Sirius doesn’t mean to, but he wakes up and breaks his promise as he sees Remus lying next to him, his arm loosely draped over Sirius’ torso, and the events of last night come rushing back to him.

 

 He bolts.

 

He just turns around and runs right into James’ room, who is already awake and is getting ready to go and run quidditch drills, and as he turns around and yells, “Merry Christmas, Padfoot!” Sirius hastily returns the greeting and then sits on his bed, watching James, who is watching him.

 

What’s going on” James asks. “You’ve got your crisis face on.”

 

“I do not!” Sirius shoots back in full offence, even though he is, in fact, having a crisis. James just raises an eyebrow, waiting, waiting, waiting.

 

Sirius breaks first because of course he does. This is James.

 

“Prongs, I know you still haven’t had much luck with Lily, but I need relationship advice”, which makes James turn his head sideways, giving him a calculating look.

 

“Relationship advice for Mary or for Remus?” James asks carefully, but his caution doesn’t prevent Sirius from recoiling in shock because, what? How did he know? Does everyone know? Does everyone know that his mother is disappointed in him? That he can never be good enough for her?

 

“Mary”, he replies weakly, avoiding James’ stare. “Of course it’s Mary; why would it be Remus? Why would you even think that?”

 

He’s not obvious about it, is he? He literally has a girlfriend, and he’s never given any indication that he likes Remus. Has he?

 

Oh god, was James not asleep last night like they thought?

 

“Is this about last night?” Sirius blurts out.

 

“What happened last night?” James counters, frowning in confusion.

 

“Nothing, absolutely nothing”, Sirius says, his chest softening in relief. “Now I need relationship advice on Mary. What do I do if I kiss her and then run?”

 

James’ look becomes knowing and slightly amused, but he indulges Sirius anyways. “Well, you’ve kissed her before, so I don’t know why now would be any different. But if it was a new thing, I would say talk to her and then kiss her again probably if you liked it, or don’t if you didn’t.”

 

“I did like it”, Sirius almost moans in despair, and he doesn’t see James smile fondly and say, “go and uhh, write her a letter then? Or find a way to talk to her.”

 

“Who?” Sirius asks, too caught up in his daydream of the kiss to focus on what James is saying.

 

“Mary,” James replies, equal parts amused and unimpressed, and that jolts Sirius out of his haze as he remembers what he was talking about in the first place.

 

“Right, Mary”, he says, “I’ll go write to her then,” and James just smiles, and Sirius is relieved he’s believed the lie until he says carefully, “if you were talking about Remus, though, I wouldn’t mind”, and Sirius stares at him in alarm.

 

“I’m dating Mary” is all Sirius can say numbly because James isn’t about to be disappointed, is he? James is a pureblood too, but they’re not supposed to be queer, and James is going to get Lily, and they’ll be a good straight couple because they’re always going to be together.

 

“I know”, is all James says lightly. “But I support Remus kissing blokes, so if you wanted to, I’d support you too”, and with that, James leaves the room leaving Sirius alone to think.

 

He wants to make his mother proud of him, but he never can; her voice in his head never allows him to.

 

James is proud of him, and Sirius doesn’t even need to do anything; he just is. Sirius exists, and he’s already enough.

 

And Remus.

 

Oh fuck, he already broke his promise not to leave.  Sirius runs back into the bedroom where Remus is curled up in the duvet facing the wall even though he always sleeps facing the door, so Sirius is blurting out apologies before he’s even processed what he’s saying. “I’m sorry I ran, and I’m sorry if you didn’t think I was going to come back, but I have, and I don’t want to leave. I’m here, and you’re here, and I’m sorry, and I want to choose you over my mother, who just won’t leave my head.”

 

Remus rolls over.

 

“What about Mary?” he asks, and Sirius is hit with the same question for the second time this day, and suddenly, it all becomes clear.

 

“We’re going to break up, and then I’m going to court you”, he says so elegantly, so dramatically, that all Remus does in response is laugh and laugh and laugh.

 

Sirius shuts him up easily enough.

 

 

Remus feels like he’s glowing all day, and if anyone notices much chirpier he is, they don’t comment and probably just blame it on the festive spirit.

 

He can’t help but smile when Sirius picks through the bacon at breakfast to find the crispy rashers that he knows Remus likes best, and he can’t help it as Sirius wears his leather jacket and the David Bowie t-shirt that Remus had once admitted he liked to Christmas lunch. James gives Remus a smug smile, and Remus pulls the finger back at him, which makes him guess that Sirius had run away to James this morning, but he had come back, and now he’s here at Remus’ side. 

 

Once everyone has gorged themselves on roast turkey and potatoes and Christmas pudding, they all go to bed as the sun sets, and in the quiet of the night, the moon and the stars are back together where they belong.

 

“Did you like the books?” Sirius whispers from where they’re lying on the bed facing one another.

 

“Yeah, I was looking at them a week ago when we went into Muggle London.”

 

“I know”, Sirius says, looking ridiculously pleased with himself.

 

“I’m sorry”, Remus says next, his lack of money amplifying his feelings of inadequacy and unfair lingering resentment at James that he has all of this money and these parents and this house and room for friends to stay all because he was born into the right family.

 

“For what?” Sirius asks

 

“I didn’t get you anything for Christmas,” Remus says, feeling like a failure, feeling as though Sirius is going to see that he can do better and be with someone who has more to offer and –

 

A chaste kiss cuts off his train of thought as Sirius smiles sweetly at him.

 

“Yeah, you did.”

 

 

Things change after the Christmas holidays; Sirius and Remus are closer than ever, but Sirius is also hyper-conscious and putting in more physical distance than ever, so now they’re practically bringing attention to themselves that he's trying to prevent. If Remus sits beside Sirius on the couch in the common room, Sirius will scoot to the side so that there are 2 metres between them instead of an also acceptable 30 centimetres.

 

Remus goes to walk with James and Sirius to class, and Sirius makes sure that James is in the middle of them so that no one gets any ideas that they like each other.

 

Remus smiles at him in the great hall, and Sirius gets his deer-in-the-headlights look again as his thoughts go haywire. You’re being too obvious. Someone is going to find out, she'll find out, and you’ll be punished.

 

Plus, there’s Mary.

 

Lovely, bold and fiery Mary, who makes Sirius laugh, is a good kisser, a good lover and always seems happy to make out with him whenever his thoughts get too loud about Remus, and he needs an escape.

 

Healthy? No, but it’s incredibly effective, except there’s always a tiny voice in his head that says she’s not Remus and tries to ruin everything he and Mary have together.

 

He dates Mary by day, creeps into Remus’ bed at night and then goes back to his own before anyone else wakes up, and it works.

 

It’s the perfect arrangement.

 

It works for a month until the first of February when he and Mary are lying naked on top of each other in one of the abandoned classrooms that no one uses except to shag, when Mary says, quite possibly the least romantic thing possible considering where they are and what they’ve just been doing.

 

“I shagged a girl over summer”, which, excuse me? That is not at all what Sirius had been expecting, and it takes him far too long to realise that Mary is also a girl, and when he does, he bolts upright, practically shoving Mary onto the floor as he looks at her, wide-eyed.

 

“You shagged a girl?” he repeats incredulously, somehow unable to fathom the concept, even though he and Remus got very close to doing the same thing multiple times. However, Sirius’ mother had always come into his head to ruin the mood, which usually ended up in Sirius bolting, Remus sighing, and both of them having a private wank and hoping that the next time would be different.

 

“Sure did”, Mary says casually, even as her eyes glaze over slightly, evidently replaying the moment. “Mila Nightbury, a muggle girl who lives in the same block as me, and let me tell you, it was lovely”. As supportive as Sirius is for her, he can’t quite tell why now is the right time for this conversation.

 

Mary somehow reads his mind as she looks at him and says, “we need to break up.”

 

Sirius feels unexpectedly betrayed, even though he was going to do the same thing. “Hang on”, he says, frowning. “You can’t break up with me; I was going to break up with you.”

 

Mary just laughs, which, once again, is not quite the response he was going for; maybe a few tears, maybe yelling, she is getting dumped by Sirius Black after all, but no, she laughs and laughs and then sobers up as she looks at him and says “you finally realised that you’re into Remus?”

 

And there she is.

 

His mother is back.

 

“I don’t like Remus, and I don’t like blokes, and I don’t like you”, he hisses, feeling the need to get as far away from this conversation as possible, but Mary just laughs as she puts her clothes back on, and then pats his cheek in mock consolation.

 

“I’m sure you’ll get there one day”, she says pityingly. “Now, do you have any idea where Emmeline Vance is? I heard she swings both ways, and I am keen to find out.”

 

“I don’t know, so go fuck off”, Sirius hisses out, and Mary eventually leaves, still laughing at him and his great big gay disaster.

 

 

Remus is in the dorm catching up with homework when Sirius comes in and flops down onto his bed dramatically. He is tempted to ignore him while he’s in a mood until he rolls his head to the side and says, “Mary tried to dump me.”

 

Remus, selfishly, is immediately invested in the conversation.

 

“Oh”, he says, aiming for casual but probably coming across as over eager for details. It’s not like this past month has been fun for him as he gets Sirius in the night and Mary gets him during the day, but he doesn’t know if he’s lacking self-control or self-respect that he continues to let it happen. The whole world gets to see Sirius and Mary, but Sirius locks and wards the bedcurtains before he’ll even touch Remus.

 

It’s like a secret he’s ashamed of, and while he’d never tell Sirius this, he draws uncomfortable comparisons between Sirius and his father at the fact that neither of them quite want to be seen with him when he’s being who he truly is.

 

“Yeah”, Sirius says, seemingly unaware of Remus’ crisis of conscience. “She tried to dump me, would you believe it. Like, who in their right mind would ever dump me?”

 

It’s a rhetorical question, but the answer unbidden comes into Remus’ mind. Not me, Sirius, never me.

 

Sirius hadn’t paused for a response. “And she tried to dump me, but I said no and dumped her back, and she just laughed. She wasn’t even sad to see me go? God, the nerve of her,” and then Sirius goes back to ranting until something in his monologue catches his attention leaving him breathless with hope.

 

“Sirius”, he says, trying to make his voice sound level. “Why’d you break up with Mary?” 

 

Sirius almost looks afraid. “I didn’t want to be broken up with.”

 

“Then why did you let her go?” Remus asks, and he’s waiting, waiting, waiting, and then there’s Sirius perched on the bed next to him and delicately taking the book out of his hand, watching as Remus wets his lips involuntarily.

 

“Sometimes”, he whispers. “I can barely hear my mother at all”, and then he’s leaning in, and Remus pulls him closer, and god, please let this be the start of something. It must be because they never kiss in the daytime, they barely even touch now, and it lasts mere seconds; it’s endless, it all stops as they hear James and Peter coming up the staircase, and Sirius drags himself away towards the bathroom.

 

“They don’t need to know; it’s our thing, right?” he says hastily, and then he closes the door, and Remus flops backwards onto his bad, half-heartedly greeting the others, wishing Sirius and himself could just be but still unable to regret the little pieces of him that he gets.

 

 

The next month passes in the same manner; Sirius creeps into Remus’ bed at night, Remus lets him, and whenever Remus tries to do anything during the day, tries to discreetly hold his hand under a desk in the library, even tries to just have a conversation, Sirius either runs or shouts or just refuses to listen. 

 

On Remus’ seventeenth birthday, he reaches a breaking point.

 

He can’t do it anymore. He can’t have Sirius pretending it’s nothing when to him; it’s everything. It’s all he’s ever wanted, and Sirius is taunting him, a constant message of have me, but you can’t keep me in everything he does.

 

There’s a party that night where Remus is tipsy but not drunk, and he and Sirius are dancing closer than they usually would, the alcohol letting them just be for once when he steps closer and Sirius steps back. He watches out of the corner of his eye as Marlene and Dorcas Meadowes make out in the middle of the dance floor and break away, grinning, just so clearly in love that they want to share it with the world. They’re not ashamed of it, not ashamed of each other, that they share it without caring who sees.

 

They keep dancing and keep snogging, and Remus watches and feels something in his chest curl up and weep.

 

“Sirius”, he says abruptly. “We need to talk.”

 

 

Those four words are never good, and from his mother, they always mean punishment, but he’s never heard them come out of Remus’ mouth before.

 

Still, Sirius follows him because he always wants to go with Remus, and then they’re standing in a corridor around the corner from the common room, and Sirius is waiting for whatever he’s going to say.

 

He can’t break up with him because they’re not dating, so is it a werewolf thing? Or a family thing? Sirius isn’t sober enough for this conversation, but he sobers right up as Remus talks.

 

“I can’t do this anymore”, and oh. Sirius thinks this is what breaking up with Mary was supposed to feel like, like someone had put a spoon to his chest and scooped. Like he’s swimming in the ocean and trying to find his balance, but the waves keep knocking him down, and he can’t get back up.

 

“Are we breaking up?” Sirius hears himself ask in a small voice, “we’re not even dating”, and this makes Remus let out a huff of laughter that borders on sobbing, and then he frowns, looking at Sirius.

 

“Yeah, Sirius. That’s the problem.”

 

Sirius still doesn’t understand, and he’s just looking at Remus helplessly, waiting for an explanation.

 

He gets one.

 

“I can’t just be yours when nobody is around. I want to go to Hogsmeade with you, and I want to hold your hand in the corridor, and I want to be your boyfriend and have people know it. I don’t want to rush you, but I’m not going to sit back and let you call the shots of when we get to be and when we don’t.”

 

All Sirius can do is stare, but Remus isn’t finished.

 

“I don’t want to be a secret, not even if it’s the only way I get to be yours.”

 

“But you love secrets,” Sirius says helplessly, feeling inexplicably as though the floor has been swept out from under him, and he can’t quite tell which way is up.

 

Remus just smiles sadly.

 

“Not when it’s us.”

 

 

The next month is miserable for everyone.

 

Remus misses Sirius but refuses to let himself give in to Sirius’ demands.

 

Sirius misses Remus and Remus keeps refusing his demands to touch him, to sleep with him, just to exist with him.

 

James and Peter have to watch Remus and Sirius orbit around each other while also half refusing to acknowledge each other and half fighting and critiquing literally everything the other does. They create a black hole wherever they go, sucking the joy out of everything while they stay in their cloud of denial and sexual tension, and everyone has had enough of it.

 

Remus especially wants it to stop because then he’ll have an answer, whether it’s a relationship or back to being friends who were always destined to be more if they let themselves.

 

For now, all he has is ignoring Sirius, the boy he loves so much that sometimes he can barely breathe with the emotion in his lungs. Sirius makes flowers bloom and rivers run, and Remus needs him like water, but as much as Sirius begs and pleads with him to let him in, Remus refuses every time, even though it hurts him twice as much as it must hurt Sirius.

 

“I have secrets”, he always tells him. “But I don’t deserve to be one.”

 

 

Sirius never knew what it was to want Remus Lupin until Remus Lupin semi-rejected him.

 

Because god does he want. God, does he need.

 

Sirius needs Remus like the tides need the moon, and without him, he’s unmoving and lost, simply existing without direction, waiting until the moon reappears to be his guiding light once more.

 

He tries to get close to Remus, he tries almost daily, and every time Remus pushes him away, sometimes gently, sometimes furiously, and on the March full moon, it’s another time that they both get close to each other, ignoring Prongs and Wormtail entirely, because then they can blame it on their animals and the moon and not their undying need to have each other.

 

Sirius is miserable, and he has thought about it, being public, even just telling James and Peter. Still, it’s hard undoing seventeen years’ worth of tradition and getting rid of his mother’s voice in his head for long enough to do things for himself.

 

He’s left the house, he’s left his parents, but he still hasn’t found a way to get rid of her lasting influence on ruining everything good in his life.

 

He’s not even trying, but he’s still ruining this, and he thinks a part of the reason he refuses to commit is that he can’t fully lose Remus if he doesn’t completely have him.

 

It’s poor logic, but every time he tries to talk to someone about it, notably James, the words freeze in his throat and James lets him change the subject to quidditch even though he always seems to know that there’s something else Sirius is trying to say.

 

Sirius wonders if he already knows.

 

He spends the better part of a month getting further and further into a spiral of denial, until on a Tuesday morning just before the easter break, the sixth years go to potions, where Sirius and Remus bicker the whole way, fighting about anything they think of just as an excuse to talk to each other. Sirius calls Remus a passive-aggressive prick, Remus calls Sirius a spoilt shit raised on nepotism, and then they get into the class and sit down furiously next to each other, where Sirius takes in a big whiff of whatever is saturating the classroom and says, “Christ Moony, when did you last shower, you absolutely reek of smoke and stupid fucking chocolate.”

 

Then Professor Slughorn enters the room and says, “today’s lesson is on the properties and processes of Amortentia,” and Sirius feels as though he’s been slapped in the face.

 

He glances at Professor Slughorn, who is still talking, at Remus, who is frozen next to him, at Mary and Marlene, who overheard and are crying with laughter, and then he walks straight out of the room without being dismissed.

 

 

Remus has never understood emotional whiplash more than he has at this moment.

 

He’s spent the past month trying not to fight with Sirius and then ending up fighting with him in a constant loop.

 

“I don’t deserve to be a secret.”

 

“I know that, Moony, but it’s about us, not the world.”

 

“What are we then, Sirius. Can you even admit it?”

 

And then there’s the same pause that goes on far too long, and Remus feels his heart sink more and more each time, but no matter what, even if it makes him a lovesick fool, he’s always hoping. Right now, he doesn’t quite know whether to laugh or cry as Sirius’ entire face drops as he looks over at Remus.

 

He’s pale and almost trembling, and he genuinely looks horrified by the prospect of being his soulmate which admittedly hurts, but at least no one knows that a mixture of wet dog and cedarwood is all he can smell, intoxicating, making the wolf within him almost curl up and purr in contentment.

 

Sirius bolts which Remus probably should have seen coming. Everyone looks confused by his departure; all the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff girls are giggling and wondering which of them he smelt. The Gryffindor girls are still laughing, and Peter elbows Remus in the side and nods his head in the direction Sirius went, clearly telling him to go after him.

 

When Slughorn's back is turned, he slips out the door, and as he goes, he sees a beaming James Potter give him a double thumbs up.

 

 

Sirius is freaking out; there’s no other way to describe it.

 

He’s found it hard enough over the past two years to wrap his head around what he thought was his crush on Remus, and now they’re soulmates.

 

They’re literal soulmates; their love is written out in the stars.

 

How the fuck is he supposed to deny that?

 

He thinks the Amortentia has spelt out in undeniable letters everything that he knew deep down but was too afraid to admit.

 

Because Remus Lupin is his soulmate, and it’s not like there was anyone else he smelt in the potion, so there’s no room for confusion.

 

He feels like he should’ve known it was Remus.

 

It's always been Remus.

 

Is he going to marry Remus?

 

Something terrifying and elated spreads through Sirius; it’s freedom and the unknown. It’s everything he was too afraid to let himself feel but can’t deny anymore. This all culminates in a feeling in his chest that almost reaches its bursting point with nowhere to go, but then Remus opens the door to the classroom he’s been hiding in, looking hopeful but trying not to show it, and also a little concerned and he smells like the chocolate and cigarettes that are invading all of his senses and –

 

“Sirius –“

 

“You’re my fucking soulmate, Moony,” he almost screams out, laughing in pure wonder that borders on hysteria and in those 5 words, he admits it. He admits they’re something, that one day they could be something more, and Remus moves, and Sirius moves, and they collide, and Sirius feels as though he’s breathing for the first time because this? 

 

Having Remus?

 

It’s not in reach anymore, he’s caught it, and he’ll be damned if he ever lets it go, so he wraps his arms around Remus and holds him and holds him and cradles the start of their everything in his hands.

 

“You’re my soulmate; you’re mine now”, Sirius says again, still unable to believe this is happening, and Remus smiles in pure delight as he says almost bashfully, “I’ve always been yours.”

 

 

They miss the rest of the potions, which is fair enough; they’ve just found out that they’re soulmates after all, so there’s no question about how they pass the time. When they eventually put their clothes back on, sweaty and satiated, Remus voices the thought in his head that’s been circling the entire time, except he didn’t want to ruin the moment, and even though he tries not to show it in his voice, he’s afraid of Sirius’ answer.

 

“So what does this mean now?” he asks, cursing himself for sounding so insecure. “Do we tell people?”

 

Remus feels his heart sink as Sirius gets his deer-in-the-headlights look again until it turns into something more thoughtful as Sirius seemingly catalogues everything he knows.

 

“Well, Prongs and Wormtail know I smelt you in the Amortentia”, he begins slowly, “but they don’t know you like me back, so that could be something we tell them”, and Remus can’t help but laugh at just how wrong he is. Sirius looks up, something almost affronted in his gaze, and Remus says, still laughing, “trust me, Sirius, all of our friends know I like you.”

 

“They do?” 

 

“James has known since fourth year,” and Sirius looks so incredulous that Remus can’t help but kiss him again.

 

It's sweeter this time, almost innocently tentative as though they’re afraid to go too hard or too fast and shatter the glass they’re walking on as they try and take their relationship where their foundations aren’t so weak.

 

“Let’s tell them for real then”, Sirius says, almost throwing the words out before he can take them back, “let’s start with them, let’s tell them,” and those words alone mean something incredible.

 

Remus never would have guessed that a random Thursday in early April would mark the start of the rest of his life.

 

 

Sirius doesn’t know why his mother in his head is being so quiet, but he’s not about to complain. He can’t deny it now; Remus Lupin is his soulmate, his literal soulmate, and his boyfriend, and he’s about to tell James and Pete and the girls and then the whole world that Remus is his boyfriend.

 

He’s his boyfriend.

 

He’s his –

 

“Moony”, Sirius says abruptly, swinging around to look at Remus from where they’re walking down the corridor as a pressing thought occurs to him. “I haven’t even asked; oh fuck, I got ahead of myself. I, fuck, you do, don’t you?”

 

Remus rather understandably looks confused as he says, “what?”

 

Sirius elaborates, his heart beating uncomfortably tight in his chest as he wonders if his plan in his head is about to go up in smoke. “I never even asked, not very boyfriendly of me, I suppose, but,” and then a slightly unsure, “you do want to be my boyfriend, right?”

 

Remus just laughs, which, excuse me? He’s trying to ask him out here; April fools was a week ago, but then Remus says, “yeah, Padfoot, I want to be your boyfriend”, and if they have to take 2 stops on the way back to the common room to duck into broom closets, so they don’t just rail each other in the hallways; no one has to know.

 

 

Sirius’ moods are flipping violently between sheer elatedness of holy fuck I have a boyfriend, and now the whole world is going to know, and the absolute terror of what his family is going to say because holy fuck, I have a boyfriend, and now the whole world is going to know.

 

His mother’s voice sounds in his head. I did not raise my son to be a filthy queer.

 

Remus squeezes his hand when the corridors empty, and the voices disappear until all he can hear is his own voice screaming in excitement in his head.

 

They walk past a Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom, and the red of the stunning spell looks the same as the cruciatus curse his father would give him if Sirius ever brought a boy home.

 

He looks at Remus’ eyes, chocolate brown in the dark, the colour of honey in the sunlight, and he can’t even remember why he was thinking of his father in the first place.

 

It’s the same pattern as he walks, the same war in his head as it bounces between everything that can go right and everything that can go wrong. Remus doesn’t say anything but lets him have his crisis and squeezes his hand from time to time to let him know he’s there.

 

They get to the common room, and Sirius is psyching himself up, firmly shoving every thought of anything that isn’t Remus out of his head, who ruins his concentration when he asks, “are you sure you want this? We don’t have to do it now if it’s not what you want.”

 

Sirius doesn’t quite get what he’s asking. “But it’s what you want”.

 

Remus is endlessly patient, which Sirius distantly thinks is something he should learn from him as he says, “yes, but I’m not the only one in this relationship, so this means making choices together, and –“

 

Remus pauses and then continues with an almost hesitant, “I know sometimes you struggle with things like this because of your mother –“

 

Sirius is not going there today. Nope. He has enough of her in his head and doesn’t need Remus to bring her up too. Just no.

 

“Fuck my mother”, Sirius says firmly, and then a hasty, “but not like how I want to fuck you Moony, just so we’re clear.”

 

Remus laughs again; it’s like all the laughter he’d hidden away from the past month has burst free, and now he doesn’t know how to stop, so he doesn’t.

 

He just laughs and laughs and laughs, and Sirius is hit with the thought that he’d do anything to make Remus laugh, anything to make his Moony happy.

 

“I choose you, and what you want, I want”, he declares, and before Remus can argue, Sirius marches over to where James, Peter and the girls are sitting around a table, raises Remus’ arm in his own like he’s announcing the winner of a boxing match and says “guess who’s got a boyfriend.”

 

The initial response is for Marlene and Lily to howl with laughter, James to sigh in disappointment and hand Peter 10 galleons and for Mary to raise an amused eyebrow and say, “took you long enough to realise why you had to try to dump me.” Sirius is mildly offended by the lack of excitement until James starts talking at a million miles an hour, and this he can do, so they get lost in their cloud of excitement that no one else can enter. The only time he leaves it is to look back at Remus, who is watching him fondly as he mostly talks to Lily about whatever they talk about that Sirius can’t be bothered to follow. Every time he looks down, he sees his hand in Remus’ in the middle of the common room where everyone can see, where everyone does see, and right here, right now, he forgets he has a mother at all because it’s just him and Remus.

 

This moment on a random Thursday in April is where Sirius Black and Remus Lupin become Sirius and Remus.

 

They’re an item now, Sirius and Remus, and they fit with each other like the moon does the stars.

 

Brighter together.

 

 

They make their debut as a couple that day, not that Remus knows exactly what that’s going to consist of.

 

He thinks it’ll be them holding hands in the corridor, maybe a quick kiss on the cheek from time to time until word spreads and that suits him fine until he realises that he’s dating the Sirius Black, who, despite his disownment, is still a Black, dramatic and excessive in every way. It occurs to him that his and James’ rapid conversation may not have just been about their relationship but rather their relationship announcement.

 

This thought comes to him as they’re walking towards dinner, later than usual, but Sirius had casually mentioned how since James and Peter are going to dinner early, the dorm will be free and well, how was Remus supposed to pass up that. Now though, the sheer excitement of holding Sirius’ hand in the corridor and Sirius letting him, or even better, when Sirius reaches out first, is turning into an almost resigned feeling as he wonders what exactly has Sirius so excited.

 

Is it him, or is it something else?

 

He’s tempted to think it’s the latter when they stop outside the Great Hall and Sirius turns to him, uncharacteristically serious, as he says, “this is what you want, right? This is okay, everyone knowing?”

 

Remus thinks of what might get out, the disowned Black heir and his boyfriend and wonders if his father will see it.

 

Maybe then he’ll write him a letter that he’ll let Remus read when it’s covered in scorn and disappointment.

 

Well, he can go fuck himself.

 

“Let’s do it.”

 

Sirius beams, opening the doors with a flourish, and the first thing Remus notices are the fireworks.

 

 

There are streamers, music, and an enchanted violin that James had found. Sirius watches as the entire student body watches the display, watching him and Remus, waiting for whatever the point of the marauder's latest spectacle. When the fireworks start shimmering, Sirius knows that it’s his cue to cast sonorous and say, “introducing my boyfriend, Remus Lupin,” just as the fireworks reach their peak to spell out their names in the sky, unmissable, and it's all gone perfectly when Remus goes off script. 

 

He goes off script to yank him into a kiss, and Sirius thinks of the fireworks still glowing above them, shining like a spotlight, and he feels so god damn weightless, he wonders if he’s up there with them too.

 

Fuck quidditch, all he needs is Remus Lupin to give him the feeling of flying.

 

Most of the students cheer, most of the Slytherins start hissing, and when Sirius meets the gaze of his brother, giving him a fuck toujours pur, this is who I am instead look, he’s surprised to see no derision or disgust in his eyes, but something almost wistful. Sirius can’t make sense of it, and then that Crouch kid Regulus always hangs around with nudges his shoulder and Regulus breaks eye contact and focuses on him. Then Remus drags him over towards the Gryffindor table with a crimson blush on his cheeks, looking embarrassed and delighted at the same time. Sirius follows him, pressing the thought of his brother from his mind and embracing that he has a boyfriend and everyone knows now, and this, he realises, is what was missing from his and Mary’s relationship. 

 

The bit that he thought was yet to come.

 

It wasn’t coming at all, it was waiting for him to catch up and realise, and he reaches out again, grabbing Remus’ hand, just because he can.

 

Because he’s all caught up now.

 

He’s got him.

 

 

Remus had been looking forwards to sleeping with Sirius again, even when all they do is literally just sleep. It’s a comfort to lie with someone, intimacy of a different kind, the deep trust to be your most vulnerable self, unable to fight back or know what’s going on, but trusting you can sleep and be safe.

 

Sirius ruins this excitement when Remus gets into bed, and he comes out of the bathroom with an almost frantic “I’ll sleep in my bed tonight.” Then he shuts his bedcurtains without a response which is slightly disappointing, but Remus isn’t going to hold it against him.

 

He’s gone from denying their relationship to finding out they're soulmates and announcing it to the entire world in the same 8 hour window, and Remus assumes that there’s some sort of inner crisis he’s dealing with. It's probably some trauma from his parents that he can’t quite let go of, and for the first time in a while, Remus finds his mind drifting towards his own.

 

His father will be furious, there’s no doubt about it, although Remus doesn’t know if it’s just because he’s gotten close enough with someone to fall in love or if it’s also because Sirius is a boy or because he’s a Black or because there’s a good chance their names are going to be printed across the Daily Prophet tomorrow morning, and Remus won't be invisible any longer.

 

He wonders what his mother’s reaction will be.

 

Will she be mad because Lyall tells her to be? Will she be mad because she actually is? Will she support him? Has Remus just signed his own disownment notice?

 

He doesn’t know, and while he hopes his mum doesn’t mind, he can’t quite bring himself to care about what his father’s reaction will be. He’s been disappointing him since he was born, never wanting to go and play on the farm or go in the tractor like the son he wanted, preferring to stay inside and draw or read books, and when he was 5 and got bitten? Sometimes he’s surprised his father still called him his son after that.

 

So, he’s at peace with whatever happens, but Sirius clearly isn’t; he’s cast a silencing spell so Remus can’t hear whatever he’s saying to himself or if he’s tossing and turning, but he can just tell. So, Remus forgets about his parents, forgets about everyone except his boyfriend, Sirius fucking Black, thinks about him so much that he can’t even tell where reality begins and his thoughts end, and then his thoughts merge with his dreams, and he falls asleep smiling for the first time in a month.

 

 

Sirius is not smiling. 

 

He’s staring at the ceiling feeling eight years old, as his mother berates him for acting out at a family function. He’s 10 years old and only gets 98% on his Latin test. He’s 12 years old, coming back for Christmas, and getting cursed for being a Gryffindor.

 

And it’s his mother’s voice, always the same.

 

“You are not acting in a manner befitting your station, Sirius.”

 

“You are undeserving of the name we have bestowed upon you.”

 

And what Sirius always manages to hear between the lines.

 

“Unwanted. Unloved. Inadequate.”

 

So, he spirals for a bit, flipping violently between his mother and the feeling of the drawing room floorboards, Moony and the taste of his lips, the pain of the cruciatus curse, Moony, the family tree he’s been blasted off, Moony.

 

Moony, Moony, Moony.

 

The moon in the sky has already reached its highest point when he peels his curtains back. He must have been awake for hours just tossing and turning, catastrophising and crying, but life is full of choices; his parents or Remus.

 

And even if he has to fight with his own head until he’s the one making decisions, he’s always going to choose Remus.

 

He creeps across the floor, trying not to wake him even though he always does, nothing is too quiet for a werewolf not to hear, and he squeezes in through the gap in the curtains that Remus undoubtedly left for him, an open invitation. He takes it as he carefully gets under the covers, and Remus rolls over towards him with a sleepy “hi” and a soft smile. Sirius can’t help but smile back as he wriggles forwards, and Remus drapes an arm over him, and all thoughts of his mother leave his mind as a new thought occurs to him.

 

Sirius thinks that maybe Grimmauld Place was just a house, nothing more than an intermission of dwellings, and he’s been searching unknowingly, all this time, just to find home in Remus Lupin’s arms.

 

 

Being an official couple, unfortunately, doesn’t prevent them from further relationship drama.

 

Remus and Sirius’ relationship make the third page in the Daily Prophet; disowned Black heir flaunts queer relationship, and then the next day, for the first time in over a year, Remus gets a letter dropped to him in the morning post.

 

It’s ordinary parchment; there’s no obvious sign as to who it is, and when he flips it over, it’s not his father’s handwriting, but his mother's and Remus knows that his father has no idea she sent the letter.

 

This is further proven when, in a sharp contrast to his father’s very pointed silence about the matter, his mother has written a short, almost rushed letter as though she knew she couldn’t be caught with it.

 

Remus,

 

I’m so proud of you.

 

Love mum xx

 

And this somehow makes Remus have to swallow heavily in the middle of the Great Hall and blink his eyes rapidly so that no tears fall.

 

He can feel Sirius looking at him, so he slides the parchment over, and there’s something in his gaze that promises questions later, but he doesn’t want to deal with it now, so he doesn’t.

 

He strikes up a conversation with Lily about the latest book she recommended to him, The Bluest Eye, and he can feel Sirius staring at him with a look that firmly says this isn’t over.

 

Later that night, Remus goes to go to bed, hoping to sneak off and pretend to be asleep before Sirius can corner him, but Sirius has apparently brushed his teeth with superman speed and is waiting in his bed, which is strange because he hasn't slept there in weeks; it’s always Remus’.

 

“Separate beds again?” he asks, selfishly relieved that Sirius is having his crisis at the same time as himself so that he doesn’t need to deal with the conversation about his family right now. Honestly, never would be the best time to have it because that’s just the one thing he and Sirius bond about by never talking about it, whatever issues with their family they’re having.

 

He’s disappointed when Sirius says, “no, we are talking, and we are talking now. Your bed is the sex bed, we never get anything productive done there, so my bed is now the talking bed.”

 

Remus looks at Sirius, looks at his own bed and then walks straight for it, saying, “I’d rather fuck you than talk about my problems,” then Sirius grabs him by the arms and yanks him over, saying, “aha, so you are having problems.” 

 

Sirius has Remus sat down next to him with both their backs against the pillows, one arm around his shoulders as he says delicately as though he’s afraid he might blow up, “is it about the letter?”

 

Something ugly rears up in Remus at the casual way Sirius talks about it. It’s not his fault, he knows this, but it’s this letter and so much more that it just gets to him sometimes in moments like this.

 

He doesn’t need to share his problems with the world; they’re just an invitation for people to leave.

 

Usually, he’d follow that rule, but it’s Sirius.

 

This is his Sirius.

 

He weighs up the pros and cons in his head, tries to plan out what to say and decides to go for the ugly truth first and work his way down from there.

 

“Sometimes I think I get jealous you were disowned and that your parents don’t want you back because then you have an excuse not to go home”, and that wasn’t how he planned on saying it, it wasn’t supposed to be so raw and so ugly and so bitter, but it was.

 

It was, and Sirius is going to be livid. Remus is being so casual about his literal torture at home, but all Sirius does is say a slightly tight and unsteady “what’s at home you don’t want to go back to?”

 

“Sirius”, Remus whispers, dropping his head onto his shoulder. “I know that you know.”

 

Sirius leans his head to lie on top of Remus’, a comforting presence as he says, “yeah, I think I do.”

 

And then they sit there in silence, Remus feeling uncomfortably bare and vulnerable in a way he never really is, too many secrets out in the open. Even though the wolf is a part of his very core, even though his natural instinct is to dominate and fight, right now, all he wants to do is be held, and so he shifts around, tucking his head in Sirius' neck, breathing slightly unsteadily and feeling uncomfortably cold even though summer is on its way. Sirius just lies down with him and wraps his arms around him, unmoving as the storms passes through Remus, and he wonders why he was ever worried in the first place to talk about it when this is what he wanted the entire time.

 

Sirius speaks up again, quiet in the night. “You don’t have to go home, you know. The Potter’s take anyone in, including you”, but Remus just shakes his head. He can’t just impose on another family; he can’t just expect them to have enough money to feed him even though he knows they’re rich. He can’t just stay there and expect to fit in with his charity shop clothes and the way he doesn’t know which knife and fork are used for which dinner course. Sirius, once again, unfathomably understands as he says, “then I’ll buy us a place, and we’ll live there over summer and then when we graduate, we’ll move in together, and that will be that.”

 

“You’re not buying me a house, Sirius”, Remus says, another dark and bitter feeling whirling within him at the fact that some people have enough to literally buy a house just because they want to. All Remus has to his name is the 14 sickles and 9 knuts in his jacket pocket and whatever his second-hand school supplies could sell for.

 

“Correct, I’m buying us a house”, is all Sirius says, ignoring Remus’ mood, so he scowls and rolls over, done being coddled. Sirius puts his arm over his waist, which he tosses off and Sirius huffs out, “be a prick then, I don’t care”, and he rolls over too, so they’re facing opposite directions, too angry to sleep, too stubborn to apologise.

 

Remus eventually calms himself down enough to see that he was a bit of a prick, even if Sirius deserved it. He sighs and reaches over to find Sirius' hand and pulls it back, so it’s resting on the pillow between them, fingers intertwined, always together.

 

 

The remaining two weeks of term pass by with everyone looking forwards to the summer holidays and Remus snapping at anyone who tries to bring it up.

 

He still doesn’t know what he’s doing; he doesn’t want to go home, he doesn’t want to impose on someone else’s life, and he doesn’t want to just mope around from town to town, wondering if someone will give him work. So, he does nothing for the time being except let the anger and frustration and the slight fear of his father that he refuses to admit fester within him until the pressure builds. He knows he’s just waiting for something to set him off and the rage to be released.

 

Oddly, it’s James Potter who sets him off.

 

It’s not really his fault; he’s just the messenger, but still.

 

He corners him after Transfiguration when they both have a free period, and James drags Remus into a spare classroom and sits on a desk, his face full of the intrinsic Potter need to just give and help and be good.

 

Remus is immediately on guard, but he’s not suspicious until James says, “so Padfoot had a chat with me this morning”, and Remus feels the ugly mix of emotions rear up with a need to get out.

 

Surely he didn’t.

 

This was private.

 

He wouldn’t.

 

“He said you might need a place to stay over summer, and there’s always room. You can have your own room or stay with Sirius and –“

 

Remus can’t hear anymore over the roaring in his ears.

 

He should have known that anything he shares with Sirius just goes straight to James, they’re always inseparable, but he didn’t realise that meant his vulnerable moments.

 

The balloon within him bursts.

 

James is still talking, eager and excited, another brother to spend summer with, and Remus just –

 

Snaps.

 

“I don’t need your fucking charity”, he hisses out, making James shut his mouth and recoil in shock, and then he’s out the door and marching to the table at the back of the common room where he knows Sirius is. If there’s anything Sirius is good for when he’s in this sort of mood, it’s fighting back.

 

And boy, is he ready for a fight.

 

Sirius smiles when he sees him, which quickly turns to concern as he sees the look on Remus’ face.

 

Funny how he’s concerned when he’s the literal problem.

 

“Moony, what’s up?” he asks, and Remus laughs at this, harsh and cold. He blames it on the wolf.

 

“How about you tell me why James just asked me if I wanted to spend the summer with him? I wonder where he got that idea from?”

 

“Well, I told him”, Sirius says slowly, still frustratingly calm as he tries to work through Remus’ emotions. “I knew you wouldn’t, and I knew you needed a place to stay, so I asked him to offer, so it was easier for you.”

 

“Maybe there’s a reason I didn’t want to ask!” Remus bursts out, frustration mounting as Sirius doesn’t match his anger. He wants a fight. “Maybe I didn’t need him knowing all my secrets, but it looks like I have you to share them for me, so who gives a fuck about what I want? It’s all about you and what you think is best, isn’t it?” And Sirius stands up and scowls. Good, fight back, yell back.

 

“Is this what your mood is about? Grow the fuck up, Moony and realise that people can look out for you and try and help! Some people care about you and are trying to make your life better!”

 

“You’re trying to control me like my father.”

 

“Maybe I’m trying to support you like your mother.”

 

“No, Sirius, you’re acting like your mother!”

 

There’s a long pause, and a hurt expression crosses Sirius' face, genuine shell-shocked betrayal until a murderous look appears as he walks past Remus, violently shoving him to the side as he hisses, “It’s no wonder your father doesn’t want you back.” Then he stalks up towards the dorms, slamming the door behind him, leaving Remus still fuming in the middle of the common room.

 

Lily overheard the entire thing and turns around from the chair she was in, a reproachful “Remus –“ but no. Not today. Not after this.

 

“You can fuck off too, Lily,” Remus hears himself snap out, and ignoring the indignant “excuse me?” he leaves the common room, slamming the door as he goes and stalking down the corridors and out the front door towards the end of the forbidden forest. He only goes a few metres into the woods before he sits down, staring at a rabbit who squeaks and runs away in fright, and he wonders if it’ll be easier to just live as a wolf for the rest of his life.

 

They don’t need to pay rent.

 

It’s easy to find food.

 

And they don’t need to worry about fucking up their relationship with the love of their goddamn life.

 

 

Sirius walks straight into the bathroom, stares into the mirror and sees his mother.

 

He thinks he screams, but he doesn’t hear it, and the next thing he knows, the mirror is lying in broken shards on the floor, and he’s watching blood drip from his knuckles and wondering why he can’t feel the pain until he replays what Remus said to him and –

 

Oh.

 

There’s the pain.

 

It’s a knife stabbed in the back and twisting, his organs failing as his heart shrivels up, and his lungs don’t work properly, and his stomach malfunctions so all he can taste is bile, and then he’s sitting down in the bathroom feeling more fragile than the glass he surrounds himself with.

 

He’s not angry anymore, he doesn’t know what he’s feeling, there’s too much, and it’s all coming in phases.

 

There’s deep, bitter resentment at Remus for daring to say what he said.

 

There’s an agony in his chest that he can’t hide from the world who he really is as a photocopy of his parents.

 

There’s heartache as he wonders if he’s just fucked up the one good thing he had going in his life, if he and Remus have gone back to being two different people leading two different lives.

 

There’s no concept of time passing or sound filtering into his ears; it’s just the deep loathing as to who he is. He’s just a Black, he’s unable to be anything else even though all he does is try, but it’s not enough.

 

All there is, is pain in his heart and pain in his mind until –

 

There’s James. James is here, and god, he doesn’t deserve the caring look, concern, or worry emanating from him as he looks around at the destruction in the bathroom, and Sirius curled up against the bath.

 

“Hey”, James says softly, and Sirius doesn’t deserve that either. The kindness. The goodness. He doesn’t deserve that if he’s not good, but James is good, and he’ll tell the truth. He has to know.

 

“Tell me what I look like,” he cries out. “Tell me who I look like. Tell me who I am”, and he has to know; he needs to know.

 

James doesn’t hesitate as he says, “you look like my best friend who needs a hug.” Then he vanishes the glass and kneels down on the cold, dirty floor, wrapping his arms around Sirius, who folds forwards and cries for all that he’s done, all that he is, and all that he doesn’t want to be.

 

 

Remus wonders why he’s bothering to stay at Hogwarts when he has to go home, there are 2 days left, and he’s not going to take James up on his offer or Sirius on his ridiculous one of buying him a literal house.

 

It’s not like they’re going to be living together after this anyways.

 

He sits and sulks, and even though it’s late Spring, almost summer, it’s still Scotland, so it’s still cold, and he thinks about how if he gets pneumonia and dies, he won’t have to hear Sirius officially break up with him.

 

He’s, quite frankly, being a miserable little shit, sulking and dramatising everything, being too stubborn to move, but he thinks it’s the wolf in him that can’t quite get rid of the anger, even as he calms down slightly to wonder if maybe he took things a little too far. Still, he’s not going back to the dorm; he’s not going to face him right now, doesn’t want a fight, doesn’t want to be broken up with. So, he keeps sitting and sulking until he hears footsteps and then a half concerned, half exasperated, “did you really have to choose the furthest spot in the entire school to hide in,” and Remus almost smiles.

 

“Go away, Lily.”

 

“Nope, you’re coming with me and having another sleepover.”

 

“I don’t want a sleepover with you.”

 

“Would you rather have one with your boyfriend right now?” Remus glares, and Lily smirks because she knows she’s won.

 

“I don’t think he’ll want to be my boyfriend after this”, Remus says morosely, thinking of Sirius and all his good qualities that he'll miss, and Lily just laughs, still pulling him along, leaving Remus unexpectedly affronted.

 

“Let me tell you that there is nothing either of you could do to drive each other apart.”

 

“Then explain this.”

 

“This is you running away from your problems, Remus, not you and Sirius being incompatible,” she tells him, and Remus scowls again, yanking his hand from hers and folding both over his chest.

 

“I think I’d rather sleep in the forest.”

 

“Cry me a fucking river.”

 

Then before he knows it, he’s in the girl's dorm wearing one of Marlene’s baggy shirts and his boxers, and he’s lying in bed with Lily, sulking again.

 

“Stop being so morose”, Lily scolds him, and Remus scowls again purely because he wants to sulk, and she won’t let him. He doesn’t doubt that stupid fucking Sirius is with stupid fucking James, who is letting Sirius sulk and mope to his heart's desire while James coddles the spoilt little shit, but Remus wants to be the one spoiling him because he’s his boyfriend and –

 

“Stop thinking about Sirius”, Lily says, poking him in the forehead, “tell me what’s really going on instead. You guys are endgame, with or without the bickering, but this isn’t bickering.”

 

Remus is tempted to shove her out of bed, but as much as he said otherwise, he doesn’t actually want to be kicked out and have to sleep in the forest.

 

“Are you going home for summer?” he asks instead, and Lily just seems glad he’s not sulking in silence about Sirius and takes the opportunity to talk.

 

“I’ll drop in to see my parents briefly, but it’s hard when I’m here all year and doing magical stuff because as much as they try, they don’t quite get it. Plus, my sister is jealous and has become a bitch, so there’s definitely resentment and anger too. So not really, I’m going to stay with Mary for the first bit, and then we’re going to stay with Marlene once her family has gotten back from Italy since they’re going on a joint holiday with Dorcas’ family.”

 

She’s silent then, not asking anything, which he’s grateful for, but just waiting for whatever question he asks next, even if she can’t figure out its relevance.

 

“Don’t you feel bad for living with their family’s when you’re not paying rent or helping out?” He winces slightly because that sounds awful, but Lily tuts at him to chill out and then answers.

 

“I help out best I can,” she says. “I’ll offer to help make dinner or do the washing up, or at Mary’s, we looked after all of her younger sisters on Sundays so that her parents could have the day off. At Marlene’s, I offered, but her mum just genuinely seems to enjoy having people over, and I’d just pick some flowers on a walk to go on the table instead. So even if it’s not helping, it’s just showing my appreciation and leaving the offer of my help open.”

 

Remus thinks this is a very long-winded way of what Sirius and James were trying to tell him and is almost feeling chastised, especially as Lily speaks next, unprompted but with something firm and understanding in her gaze.

 

“Sometimes, I just need to get out of my house. Yes, I’d survive if I had to stay all summer, but that doesn’t mean it’d be healthy for me to stay or that it’s what’s best for me. I don’t think it’s taking advantage of someone’s offer to help if they’re offering something you need and they have the means to provide it.”

 

Remus thinks that is exactly what he was wanting to hear. He’s not being a burden and draining the Potters’ resources if he needs a place to stay. He’s not saying he’s going to, but maybe he can consider it as an option.

 

Maybe.

 

“I’m tired; I’ll go to sleep now”, he says instead, and Lily just says, “okay” as she squeezes his shoulder and rolls over.

 

Remus knows she’s pretending to be asleep, waiting for him to fall asleep first in case he wants to talk more, and as he feels himself slipping away, he murmurs out a slightly slurred “thank you” and feels another soft squeeze in response.

 

 

Morning comes, and Remus is feeling slightly better about the entire situation, maybe ready to apologise if Sirius apologises too, but he still makes Lily send Marlene to check if Sirius has left the dorm before he goes up to get his robes. And then he firmly ignores Sirius, who is already seated at the Gryffindor table, sitting with Lily on one side and Mary on the other, ignoring Sirius and biting out a curt “fine” when James asks how he is.

 

He's still miserable and doesn’t really know how the day could get much worse, but when he sees the family owl, he’s almost excited to see another letter from his mother until he recognises the distinctive scrawl of his father’s handwriting and his appetite fades entirely.

 

He rips it open, sure he can brush off the harsh words until he sees what it actually says, and he thinks he feels a part of his inner child die a little.

 

Remus.

 

You have enough abnormalities; you do not need to showcase this queerness you have chosen as well.

 

Hogwarts clearly has not been a good influence on you, so when you come back home tomorrow, you will finish your schooling next year at home and sit your NEWTs via correspondence in May next year.

 

Don’t try and argue; I won’t change my mind.

 

It’s for the best; all your mother and I want to do is protect you.

 

    Lupin.

 

The noise of the Great Hall fades away, and Remus stares at the letter, at the sheer nerve of his father, at the threats he’s making that he knows he’ll have every intention of seeing through, and this all culminates into a burst of accidental magic that sets the paper on fire until there are ashes on his toast.

 

Lily yelps, Peter squeaks in fright, and Sirius gives a tentative, “Moony?”

 

Remus just glares at him. “I’m not hungry anymore”, and since there are no classes to give people time to pack, he spends the entire day walking around, sulking and avoiding his problems.

 

He’s got the map, so he knows how to avoid everyone. He can see James walking around the castle, presumably looking for him.

 

He can see Sirius sitting on his bed, presumably wanting to look for him but being too stubborn to admit he’s wrong.

 

He can see Lily and the girls out by the lake enjoying the last day at Hogwarts, where she’s probably too done with his dramatics to deal with him right now.

 

He doesn’t know what to do.

 

It’s an easy decision.

 

It’s impossible.

 

It’s his parents, or it’s his friends.

 

It’s his house in South Wales or another year at Hogwarts.

 

It’s Sirius or no Sirius.

 

And that’s the dealbreaker, really, because he’s always going to choose Sirius.

 

“I don’t think it’s taking advantage of someone’s offer to help, if they’re offering something you need and they have the means to provide it”, Lily had said.

 

Remus hopes she’s right.

 

He finds James on the map alone near the fifth floor and he goes after him, calling his name and when James’ face softens in relief and Remus feels bad for making him worry so excessively over him.

 

“Remus!” he calls out, always happy but slightly concerned. “Are you alright?”

 

Ignoring the whole Sirius drama, Remus thinks the answer is yes.

 

“You know how you had offered for me to stay over Summer”, he begins awkwardly, wondering if James has retracted his offer. Although he wouldn’t. Would he? “Can I?” he finishes awkwardly and James’ whole face lights up.

 

“Of course! Mum’s already set up your old room just in case you changed your mind, but I’ll send her a letter now,” and then he dashes off in pure excitement leaving Remus reeling slightly at how easy it was.

 

No explanation needed.

 

No promises of how he was going to pay his way or what he was going to do to be allowed to stay.

 

It’s a question and an answer, it’s just two friends, just Remus and James, and that’s enough.

 

It’s just someone who needs something and someone who has something to give.

 

 

Every time Sirius sees Remus, he wants to kiss him in equal parts as he wants to yell at him some more.

 

He recognised the owl at breakfast though, he know it’s from his parents, and based off the way Remus lit the letter on fire, he’s assuming it’s from his dad. He doesn’t know why Remus didn’t come to him about it, though, he knows all about dysfunctional families and poor parental relationships.

 

Oh yeah, Sirius remembers. They’re fighting.

 

He doesn’t want to fight anymore and he just wants his Moony, but he’s not going to apologise first so he keeps waiting. He waits all day and then they go sleep in separate beds, and Sirius is honestly just grateful that Remus is back in the dorm again.

 

He’s still annoyed though, Remus had been a shit person and Sirius isn’t over yet, but it must be at least midnight when he hears footsteps on the floor and his bedcurtains crack open and oh.

 

There’s Remus, there’s his Moony.

 

Sirius almost smiles until he remembers that he’s still mad at him.

 

“What” he says sharply, although not as sharp as he’d like.

 

He’s expecting another fight, he’s expecting anger or hostility or something.

 

He’s not expecting Remus to sound so young and so small as he says quietly, “can I come in? I need you.”

 

Sirius doesn’t even know if he’s angry anymore. For every barb Remus threw at him, he threw one back and so now he’s just tired. The voices in his head are quiet now and all he has is Remus, reaching out and needing him.

 

Sirius just sighs, going for honesty as he says, “you’ll always have me” and then shuffling over and pulling Remus in and then they’re lying facing each other and he almost wants to apologise for the miserable look on Remus’ face.

 

“You were right”, Remus says miserably, “I am a prick, you were just looking out for me because I didn’t do it myself and I was awful to you.” He looks up after that as he says seriously, “you’re not like your parents Sirius and I never should have said that because you’re amazing, and you’re good. You’re so good Sirius, so you should never doubt it, because you’re so lovely and I took you for granted and –“

 

Sirius doesn’t want to fight anymore. Even if they’re still a bit tense and awkward for the next couple of days, it’s only a couple of days. Plus he can’t exactly push Remus away again when he’s sad and stressed and needing him.

 

“Yeah Remus, I’m sorry too. I shouldn’t have said that about your dad –“

 

“You were right about that too” Remus whispers, “that’s what the letter said” and Sirius is about to apologise again when Remus starts crying. He’s trying to quiet it, but he ends up just genuinely sobbing, and the letter doesn’t even matter anymore because Sirius wants to fucking murder Lyall Lupin.

 

Because Remus doesn’t cry, and if he does, it’s never in front of Sirius. The whole world seems slightly disjointed as he holds Remus while he cries, whispering platitudes, telling him it’s okay, and he thinks about when he got a letter from home and he lashed out, pushing Remus away and hurting him.

 

Déjà vu.

 

And then he calmed down and regretted it later and it all came pouring out of him. And Remus had held him and forgiven him.

 

Déjà vu.

 

So, Sirius just holds Remus, holds him and holds him and holds him, he’d never let him go if he asked to be held forever, and he just lies there with Remus’ head over his heart as he understands.

 

That’s the one nice thing about shit parents and dysfunctional families, he thinks. Even when you don’t know all the details, you still understand in a way few others can, because even if the circumstances differ, trauma is trauma, pain is pain, and understanding is understanding.
Chapter 28: Wolfstar Interlude (part three): Seventh year, the war and the wedding
Summary:

    And the wolfstar trilogy concludes

Notes:

    Okay I'm still alive yay- at my aunt and uncles for dinner and using their wifi to upload this lmao, because I'm staying with my Granny in rural mid wales where she has no wifi and no signal, but hey.

    This is the end of the wolfstar trilogy interlude which was 46118 words total, so I truly did get possessed by the spirit of wolfstar, but thats good for all of you :)))

    Having a break from writing for the rest of the week, and then back to Berlin on Saturday so next chapter by Sunday next week, but could possibly be sooner, so back to Regulus next chapter and then jegulus in the one after.

    Also, despite the title, there is no actual scene with the wedding day in here because I'm planning to add it in a future chapter, but if I don't then I'll come back and add it here.

    Hope you enjoy :)))

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Seventh year, the War and the Wedding. (1977 – 1982)

 

The summer of 1977 flies by.

 

Remus and Sirius make up and fight and make up again, and Lyall Lupin gives radio silence which Remus pretends to be unbothered by even as Sirius holds him in the dead of the night when the hurt spills out of him. Sirius still gets stuck in his own head from time to time, and Remus either holds him to ride it out or gives him space until he he’s ready to admit that he’s queer again. Then they enter seventh year, and then they’re a month away from graduating when Dumbledore summons all of the seventh year Gryffindors into his office.

 

They all know it’s about the war.

 

Sirius knows that he’s going to sign up, partly because James said he would and where James goes, Sirius goes, but also because he has to if he wants his mind to be quiet.

 

If he were a Black, he’d be a Death Eater. If he were a different type of Black, he wouldn’t fight at all; he’d just have pawns to fight for him while he sat back and watched, safe in his own sanctuary.

 

But Sirius doesn’t want to be a Black, he wants to be good, so he and his friends sign up to fight for the light and all that’s good in the world.

 

He wants to fight for the people. He wants to be good.

 

“You are here because you have expressed an interest in fighting for the light in the war that is currently raging on outside these four walls,” Dumbledore begins, and everyone listens with rapt attention, because this is it. This is their chance. “The Organisation I run is called the Order of the Phoenix, and each of you will have invaluable assets that you can bring if you are still interested.”

 

Everyone says yes, everyone signs up, even Peter who seems oddly hesitant, but they all come back from the meeting laughing because they’re young and naïve. They don’t know how the war is going to stamp their spirit and change everything they know, and everything they are.

 

 

Sirius and the rest of his year graduates from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry on a Friday in late May. It’s the last time they’re all going to be together for a while; there are too many unknowns in war to make solid plans so they just agree on  staying friends, fighting fair, and seeing each other on the other side. They ignore the dark cloud of reality that says they might not all make it there.

 

But they’re young and naïve and know that they will, they’ll all survive, they’ll all be happy, and they don’t know that they’re all woefully, tragically wrong.

 

They stand around their favourite tree by the lake, talking, laughing, and saying goodbye to friends in younger years. Sirius is busy talking to Mary and Marlene while trying to flick a pinecone at James’ head when everyone goes quiet. Out of everything he was expecting to see, it wasn’t for his baby brother to be striding towards them, an absolutely livid expression on his face, glaring at Sirius.

 

Sirius genuinely doesn’t know what to make of this. He hasn’t talked to his brother since a week into sixth year.

 

“Hey Reggie.”

 

“I fucking hate you Sirius.”

 

It’s been over a year and a half since he’s even said his name, so what’s this now? Is it a message from their parents? Has he just come to curse him? Is he here to give him his last words before the war?

 

The last thought sends a chill down his spine. Even all grown up, an inch taller than him with hostility radiating through his bones, it’s still his baby brother after all this time, but like always, Sirius represses that thought knowing it only causes him pain.

 

He sees the others subtly reaching for their wands, just in case, but Regulus surprisingly doesn’t curse him.

 

He stands directly in front of him ignoring the others, ignoring Sirius’ raised eyebrow and poor attempt at being casual, merely hissing out a furious, “si tu meurs à la guerre, je te ramènerai d’entre les morts et je te tuerai moi-même.” Then he’s walking away already leaving Sirius reeling, too far gone by the time Sirius even thinks about constructing a reply, but he does the last thing he thought he’d do after an interaction with his brother.

 

He smiles.

 

He smiles, breathless laughter escaping him at the most dysfunctional and messed up way his brother tells him he loves him, that he still cares about him, and it gives Sirius hope that all isn’t lost and he still has a chance of having a brother.

 

He loses all hope 2 weeks later during a Death Eater raid, when he and James are fighting the Lestrange brothers. They manage to stupefy both of them which makes them beam and high five one another, even in the middle of a battle, when one of the Death Eaters on the edge of the field catches Sirius’ eye. Sirius notices him immediately, and the betrayal he feels is enough to make him freeze and almost shudder with horror and confusion because Reggie, this isn’t who I raised you to become.

 

He’s wearing a mask, he looks the same as the others, but it’s his little brother, Reggie.

 

It’s Regulus Black, the Death Eater.

 

Sirius feels the last remaining threads of their brotherly bond firmly rupture in this moment, and even though the battle is dying down and the Death Eaters are fleeing, Regulus doesn’t move.

 

He stays waiting, standing in place even though Sirius could capture him, even though someone could kill him, but he doesn’t seem to care as he waits and waits and waits for Sirius to come over.

 

Sirius can’t see the expression on his face, but he wonders what it is.

 

There’s no way Regulus can miss the disgust and anger and hurt on his own face as he steps closer and closer until they’re only a metre apart. It feels like there’s light years between them.

 

“You,” Sirius hisses out with hurt tainting his clarity and everything he’s fighting to be, “are dead to me.”

 

Regulus nods once and apparates away like a fucking coward, and Sirius turns around and goes back to his real brother.

 

 

He and Remus move into the flat he buys in Camden 2 weeks after they’ve left school.

 

Remus was hesitant at first, and then he had another crisis about how he couldn’t help pay for it at all, and then he told Sirius that he’d refuse to move in. So, Sirius had sat him down and essentially said, “would you rather accept help from James’ parents or me?” and Remus had scowled and walked out of the room and then 3 days later they were living in their own apartment.

 

6 weeks later, Regulus is declared missing, and when he reads it in the paper, Sirius feels nothing at all, except for a pang of sadness as he wonders when exactly his baby brother Reggie became Regulus Black.

 

He’s not going pity someone who is just doing Death Eater stuff and doesn’t want to tell the world, he’s not going to try find him either; he’s just a coward who was too afraid to fight back and did exactly what his parents wanted.

 

Still, a small repressed part of Sirius can’t help but wonder if this was what Regulus wanted.

 

 

He thinks he gets his answer 2 months later.

 

Black heir presumed dead.

 

Dead.

 

Dead.

 

That’s his baby brother. Dead.

 

And after that, pretending he doesn’t care gets a lot harder. Because it’s his murderous, tortuous, Death Eater fuck-up of a baby brother.

 

And he’s dead.

 

Sirius remembered sitting at the breakfast table with Remus when the owl came in with the Daily Prophet.

 

Remus had choked out a strangled “Sirius” and Sirius had leant over to see what it was on the page and then everything had gone a little fuzzy. The image of his brothers portrait had merged with Reggie at 6 with a lisp and Reggie at 8 telling him poem after poem and then Reggie at 10 before Sirius went to Hogwarts where they promised they’d be brothers, always brothers. And then every image had blurred into a kaleidoscope of tears as Sirius let six year’s worth of Regulus-related emotions pour out of him into a puddle on the floor.

 

“That’s my brother” he had wept as he’d thought at who they’d been at 10 and 11 and who he’d always hoped they’d be again, but they’ve lost that chance now.

 

“I know,” was all Remus had said.

 

“That’s my brother, he’s my brother, no one was supposed to take him away from me.”

 

Summons from Dumbledore had come later that day, but Sirius couldn’t even bring himself to read the parchment. He didn’t want more bad news, not that things could have really gotten much worse, so he and Remus had missed the meeting. James had gone to the meeting, seen that neither were there and also left the meeting and obviously stayed with Sirius once he had figured out what was going on.

 

Then Dumbledore had come over, wondering if he’d lost 3 of his child soldiers, and he’d seen Remus go to see him in the living room who was keeping him away from James and Sirius in the bedroom. He hadn’t heard the start of the conversation but he’d heared when Remus started yelling.

 

“I understand the unfortunate incident, however I must ask for your presence tomorrow, war doesn’t stop after a single casualty –“

 

“We’ll come when we’re ready”, Remus had shot back.

 

“The war needs you now, dear boy.”

 

“The war can fucking wait,” Remus had shouted.

 

Then Dumbledore had left, Sirius had cried some more, and four days later, Remus had been posted on a month-long mission with the werewolves, almost like a punishment.

 

 

Remus is worried about Sirius, who had cried non-stop about his brother for 2 days, and then seemingly shut off any emotion he had that related to him.

 

“Are you okay?”

 

“Fine.”

 

“Did you want to talk?”

 

“About what?”

 

“Your brother? It’s okay to miss him –“

 

“Little traitor deserved what he got.”

 

And then Remus was left wondering how to get through to Sirius when he lost the chance and had to delegate it to James as he went away to spend a moon cycle with a werewolf pack 4 days after Regulus’ death. It truly couldn’t have been worse timing, and this was made obvious by the way he went to say goodbye and Sirius had latched onto him, something in his grip almost desperate, bruising with the force of it, and Remus had understood instantly.

 

He always understood with Sirius.

 

“I’ll come back,” he had told him, the unspoken unlike Regulus sounding loud and clear.

 

Sirius had almost looked frightened as he had choked out, “you can’t promise that,” but Remus had just smiled, the knowledge of something greater residing within him, as he has squeezed Sirius back and said with unwavering conviction, “I’ll always come back to you.”

 

 

Besides Regulus’ death that Sirius managed to block out and ignore, except in the early hours of the morning where he’d creep towards the window and stare at the stars, the next few months were more of the same.

 

More fighting.

 

More raids.

 

More death.

 

But there was always Remus and Sirius, and even after the days they spent apart on separate missions, they always came back to each other.

 

They still fought and sometimes got so angry they could barely see, but they made up every time, always able to look past the small things to appreciate what they had in a world that was trying take everything good away from them.

 

Everything changes in September when Marlene McKinnon and her entire family are murdered, and Dumbledore declares that there’s a spy in the Order.

 

Nothing is the same after that.

 

 

Sirius can’t help but look at everyone differently, now that he knows someone is a spy. It’s obviously not Marlene, she’s dead after all, so he looks more closely at Dorcas Meadowes who he thought was nice, but she’s still a Slytherin.

 

Maybe their relationship wasn’t working out? Maybe she’s a double agent, and Marlene was too close to her? His theory is weakened as Mary comes over, also ridden with grief and talks about how Dorcas had let out the most raw and harrowing scream of grief she had ever heard from anyone.

 

6 days later, Dorcas was dead too having been killed by Voldemort himself in an effort to avenge Marlene.

 

Sirius was starting to become numb to death at this point, and hadn’t even cried, only checking Dorcas’ name off the list in his head. She’s not the spy either.

 

It’s not Gideon or Fabian Prewett.

 

It’s not Lucinda Talkalot.

 

It’s not another 10 different member of the Order who all die at various points during the year, and in October, Sirius goes to sleep alone and Remus spends another night with the pack even though it’s not a full moon, and later that day, there’s another body.

 

For the first time, Sirius looks at Remus differently, and wonders whether or not it’s a coincidence.

 

 

Remus is sick of the war, but he owes it to Dumbledore to keep fighting. He’s the one who let him go to school and have the experience of what it’s like to be a normal kid, so he owes it to him to keep fighting, even though all he wants to do is runaway with his friends until the war is over.

 

Call him a coward, but he’s tired of fighting; he’s been doing it his whole life and he’s only eighteen.

 

There’s this spy as well which makes things harder, because people are more on guard and more hesitant. It only adds to the harsh nature of war and the way it’s determined to take all good things and destroy them, almost like a dementor cresting across Britain, but as long as he has Sirius, he’s okay. Shortly after the spy is announced though, Sirius starts acting funny, and in early October, Sirius starts acting funny around Remus.

 

There’s no way that Sirius is the spy; he bases his whole personality, his entire intrinsic being about not being like his parents, and Remus has helped him through enough episodes where he gets too stuck in his head, afraid of being too similar to his mother or father to ever believe he’s faking it. He’d have to be imperioed or drugged to be the spy, but Sirius isn’t acting different, he’s still Sirius, he’s just not Sirius around Remus. This lasts for a couple of weeks until November rolls around bringing winter with it, and Remus wonders if he’s about to be broken up with.

 

Sirius is acting weird, he can’t seem to be in the same room as Remus for too long and he’s started spending a couple of nights a week at James’ parent’s holiday house where they’ve been staying ever since the Death Eaters attacked their home. Still, Remus just chalks it down to the war and the fear of losing people, and wanting to spend time with everyone just in case anything happens.

 

It’s Sirius’ birthday the day after tomorrow, he’ll be 19, but it’s not like there’s much room for celebrations during a war. It’s more likely they’ll go to another funeral if they don’t have an Order mission, so Remus goes out and gets him a nice present as a bright spot in the depth of a dark war.

 

It’s an act of love, a gift from the heart, and there’s no reason he’ll interpret it as anything but that.

 

 

Sirius loves Remus, always will love Remus, but he feels like he’s watching him all the time now, like he’s waiting for Sirius to pick up that’s something wrong and then what will he do? Oblivate him? Send him to Voldemort? He wouldn’t kill him, would he?

 

It’s Remus, it’s his Moony, he can’t be the traitor.

 

But then Remus is gone at all hours of the day, he can’t share details of his mission even though Sirius always tells him about his and there’s so many secrets piling up.

 

Remus loves secrets and Sirius has always loved unpicking them, but he doesn’t know if this is a secret he wants to find out.

 

It’s his birthday on the third, 19 years old with not much to show for it, and he wakes up with Remus on his side, and he’s been so kind, so gentle and loving, that Sirius wonders if he’s trying to make up for something. Was he like this last year? Is this because he was gone all of last week? Is it just because it’s Sirius’ birthday?

 

Sirius keeps watching and keeps wondering, never quite knowing what answer to settle for, but when Remus smiles softly, kisses his cheek and says, “happy birthday love,” it’s like it’s his Moony and Sirius wonders why he’s suspecting Remus at all.

 

He unwraps the gift slowly, almost hesitant and comes across a chunky silver chain necklace, made with zirconium so that Remus can actually touch it and the smell of it won’t bother him incessantly. It’s beautiful and will go with his leather jacket perfectly and he goes to tell Remus this when he thinks of how much it would have cost.

 

And how Remus is always so careful with money, he never splurges, so this isn’t a very characteristic purchase for him to make.

 

And is it because he feels guilty? Because he’s trying to compensate for something? Because he wants Sirius to have a reminder of him before the truth comes out?

 

He doesn’t know and it’s not like he can just ask, but he’s been quiet for too long now and Remus is furrowing his brow and looking worried. So, Sirius smiles, hoping it doesn’t seem shaky or look fake as he says, at least this part he can say honestly, “it’s lovely.”

 

And Remus grins looking genuinely pleased with himself which makes Sirius feel guilty, because what if he’s not the spy and he’s just being nice? And then he puts on the necklace, because he can’t not and when he looks at the mirror, he likes how it looks and the way it shimmers slightly.

 

It’s gorgeous.

 

It’s perfect.

 

He doesn’t know why it feels like it’s choking him.

 

 

Something is wrong with Sirius, and Remus thinks that they’re about to break up, but he’s not going to bring it up, is he. What if that is what Sirius wants, and if he brings it up, everything they are will just end sooner than it could.

 

It’s almost relieving when Dumbledore sends him on another mission just so he can escape Sirius and his weird behaviour for a night. Then Dumbledore sends a patronus telling him to stay with the pack for another month, to stay for the moon on December 23rd and come back on Christmas Eve, so he says yes because it’s not like Dumbledore asked him because he actually had a choice. He stays and he acts like a wolf and pretends he’s a wolf and pretends he wants to live like one, when all he really wants to do is go back to Sirius.

 

The wolves welcome him home, and Remus pines for the home he left.

 

 

Sirius brings up possible traitors with James two weeks into Remus’ four week mission.

 

He’s at James’ house as he is most of the time now; there’s only so long he can sit in their flat alone until he gets bored, so he tries to figure out how to say it and decides the direct is best.

 

“Prongs, have you given any thought as to who the traitor could be?” he asks, aiming for casual but probably coming across nervous, and James gives him a careful look before saying, “I’ve wondered but I don’t have any ideas.” And then a more hesitant, “do you?”

 

Sirius doesn’t want to say it and make it real, but he does anyways.

 

“Do you think Moony has been acting, different lately?” and James shoots up off the couch staring wide eyed at Sirius.

 

“You think it could be Remus. Our best friend? One of the marauders? That’s like us saying that it was Peter?”

 

“Peter would be a shit spy”, Sirius says, letting out a huff of laughter at the absurdity of it all before he sobers up and looks back at James. “I don’t want to say it is, but it makes sense, doesn’t it? And a lot of these new people arrived after the spy was announced, and for Marlene to be the first to be publicly killed? It must be someone with a personal stake in the matter, and we were all friends.”

 

“But Remus likes Marlene,” James counters looking as lost as Sirius feels, who shakes his head and says, “I don’t know anymore, I think I have to talk to him.”

 

“It can’t be Remus, I don’t want it to be him”, James says. “Whoever the traitor is came after my parents too, even if it was them who saved them in the end.”

 

“No one in the Order has a patronus as a Black Cat,” Sirius says before a much quieter, “I don’t want it to be him either. But I have to know.”

 

 

The mission is long, and Remus is so excited to go home. He’s literally counting down the days in his head, his only point of light in the dark woods of wolf packs, and so the morning after the full moon, he creeps away and apparates, hoping to never have to go back again. He half wonders what their response would be if he did go back now that he said he’d stay and then abandoned them again, but he can’t quite bring himself to care about any of that when he’s about to see Sirius again.

 

He knows he knows he’s coming, he’d sent him a patronus a couple of days ago to reaffirm that he was back on the morning of the full moon, and when he apparates back into the living room and sees Sirius sitting on the sofa, he smiles, all of the tension draining out of his body because he’s here, he’s home.

 

But Sirius doesn’t stand up to greet him, and Sirius doesn’t smile.

 

All he does is look at Remus, wide-eyed and fearful and say “Moony, can we talk?”

 

And Remus wonders if it goes against some kind of moral code to break up with someone so close to Christmas, so he tries to tell himself that maybe he’s not wrong, and maybe he’s not about to be broken up with.

 

He’s planned for this, he’ll be okay. Whatever it is, it can’t be worse than being broken up with.

 

 

 

“I want to ask you something”, Sirius begins, and Remus is instantly on guard as he feels his heart sink.

 

This is it.

 

“Yeah”, he says sadly. “I thought you might.”

 

“You’re not worried?” Sirius asks, something almost surprised in his expression at Remus’ casualness, and he almost wants to laugh.

 

“I’m terrified, but there’s not much I can do if it’s what you want to say.”

 

“So you admit it”, Sirius says which is where things get a little confusing. He’s not going to admit he wants to be broken up with, because he doesn’t.

 

“Admit what?” he asks. “This isn’t what I want but if you say it then I can’t say no, can I? I can try change your mind, but if your mind is made up, then I have to accept that.”

 

Something seems to break in Sirius’ eyes, and Remus knows this is the end.

 

“I’m sorry for whatever I did,” Remus says honestly. “I didn’t want things to end up like this.”

 

And the Sirius laughs, a cold harsh laugh and he says, “it’s a bit late to apologise for all the blood on your hands, you goddamn traitor. See what I know. You can’t deny it now that you’ve admitted it.”

 

And something in Remus’ brain short circuits.

 

“Traitor?” Remus says numbly. “You think I’m the spy? You think it’s me? Is that why you’ve been acting strange for months?” and for the first time since he got back, something unsure enters Sirius’ gaze from where it had been a resolute need for vengeance.

 

“Well you’ve been gone at all hours”, Sirius says weakly, “and you won’t tell me what you’re doing and sometimes I don’t even know if Dumbledore knows exactly what you’re doing and –“

 

Remus was wrong. There was something that could hurt more than been broken up with, although this is the same thing, isn’t it? Only a thousand times worse.

 

“I’m not the spy,” he says, still too numb and hurt to process exactly what’s happening. “I thought you wanted to break up with me,” and genuine shock passes through Sirius face at this.

 

“Why would I want to break up with you? We’re soulmates, I love you, I’m not breaking up with you.”

 

Remus just looks at him, eyes wet, unable to do anything else but gesture uselessly at themselves.

 

“Isn’t that what this is? Or do you still love a traitor?”

 

Sirius is looking worried now, as though it’s all spiralling out of control even though he’s the one who made it fall apart in the first place, and he’s becoming frantic as Remus walks into the bedroom and with a wave of his wand, all of his clothes are flying into a small suitcase.

 

“Remus, Remus, stop!” Sirius cries out, reaching for his arm that Remus rips out of his grip. “What are you doing? Where are you going? Why are you leaving? I love you; you can’t go we’re soulmates.”

 

Remus just smiles sadly, staring at Sirius who is standing with tears running down his cheeks in the destruction of their argument and the remnants of their relationship.

 

“You think I’m the traitor, and I think you’re the love of my life. How’s that for soulmates.”

 

 

Sirius doesn’t know how it all went so wrong so quickly.

 

He wasn’t supposed to be wrong. He wanted to be, he didn’t want Remus to be the traitor, but he didn’t know who else it could be. But this? God, he is his mother’s child, ruining everything he touches, and she’d be proud of him for this.

 

All Sirius can focus on is everything he’s lost, because Remus is gone. Sirius wants to follow him, try to explain himself and to find a way to get the utterly shattered look off his face, but he has no idea where he’s gone, and he only wishes that he had a marauders map for the entirety of Britain, just so he could go find Remus.

 

He floo calls James eventually; he tried to send a patronus but he couldn’t get it to work, but Remus hasn’t gone to stay with him and Lily. James comes over though because of course he does, and they both stay there and wait for Remus together, but he doesn’t come back. When Sirius explains everything he said and everything he did, James sighs and sends Remus a patronus saying that he can stay at his anytime, no questions asked. Then he sighs again and pulls Sirius towards him who flops his head on his shoulder, and Sirius wonders how he’s supposed to come to terms with what he’s just done.

 

He doesn’t care who the traitor is anymore, he just wants Remus to come back, but sobs wrack through his body, almost Earth shatteringly, as he wonders if Remus is ever going to come back again.

 

Sirius hates himself right now.

 

He’s probably just earned his mothers’ love.

 

 

Remus finds himself back in Southern Wales.

 

He doesn’t want to be here, this isn’t home, but he’s got nowhere left to go.

 

His mother opens the door and pulls him close, she’s tiny compared to his 6”4 frame now, but it’s been over a year and a half since he’s last seen her and since she’s seen him.

 

“Oh Remus, I’m so glad you’ve finally come home,” she says, and Remus fails to suppress a wince.

 

“Who’s at the door, Hope?” his father’s voice calls out, and his mother looks almost frightened at the prospect of him leaving again. Usually, Remus would just feel resigned, but he’s feeling too shaky and vulnerable to deal with his father right now.

 

He just wants to go to bed and refuse to get up for a week.

 

“Hope?” his father repeats, and then he’s coming down the stairs from his study and around the corner, and he freezes when he sees Remus standing in the doorway.

 

“Get out”, he says without bothering with hello, how are you, welcome back. “Get out of my house.”

 

“I live here,” Remus says simply which is kind of a lie, but it’s all he’s got right now.

 

“You haven’t for a long time and you’re not about to start now”, he argues, but Remus just can’t right now. He just wants to lie down and cry and if his father doesn’t move, he’s going to do it in the middle of the living room in front of both of his parents.

 

“Let me stay,” he says, or he’s begging really, he doesn’t want to have to try any more to have a roof over his head. He just wants to go through his heartache alone and –

 

“Did that rich boy break your heart, is that why you’ve come stumbling back now you’ve realised I was right? There’s just no way for a wolf to make their way in the world –“

 

Ignoring the muttered and scandalised “Lyall!” from his mother, Remus changes tactics and heads towards the liquor cabinet in the dining room.

 

“Remus, you get away from there! Don’t do it –“ and then he grabs the two bottles of Ogdens firewhiskey, kisses his mother on the cheek and flips the finger at his father before he disapparates again to the long forgotten and abandoned barn 10 miles away.

 

All he has the strength to do after that, is to cast a few heating charms and then curl up on the floor and sob. They’re great, heaving sobs that are surely rocking the foundations of this building, it’ll surely cave in and crush him in the same way his chest does to his lungs, and when he runs out of tears to cry, he hears the clock tower of the church chime in the distance, because it’s Christmas day.

 

 It’s Christmas Day but it feels like it’s Sirius’ sixteenth birthday again as he cries into a bottle of firewhiskey because it tastes like Sirius.

 

It’ll always be Sirius.

 

He thought the time for feelings not to be reciprocated was over.

 

Remus spends Christmas Day drunk off firewhiskey, battered and bruised from the moon a day prior, battered and bruised from the betrayal of Sirius, battered and bruised from the rejection his father.

 

He just wants Sirius to make it all better, but for now, all he has is firewhiskey.

 

 

Sirius has a miserable Christmas day.

 

He goes to Potter’s as he always does, and he’s there with his real parents, Effie and Monty, and his real brother, James, but instead of being happy with the company he has, he’s just utterly miserable without Remus.

 

Monty manages to draw a laugh out of him and Effie hugs him for longer than usual, and James hovers around him the whole time, but Sirius still has to excuse himself to cry when they open presents and the ones for Remus stay sitting under the tree and when he sees the necklace around his neck in the hall mirror, and when he sees the chocolate steamed pudding on the table and all he can think about is how much Remus would have liked it, and how it was probably made with him in mind.

 

It’s Christmas, it’s not supposed to be miserable, but this one is.

 

When the sun has set and the day has come to an end and Effie asks if he’ll be staying the night, Sirius says he has to go home and James doesn’t hesitate to say he’s coming too.

 

It’s the closest he gets to a smile all day.

 

Then, when he’s back at his flat which he can’t call home when Remus isn’t there, he mopes and cries and then he gets stuck in his head for a couple of days when his mother’s voice comes back. Then, there’s another one of her incessant letters demanding his presence back in the house of Black with another if you continue to resist these summons, I will come after you myself and really, it’s just an awful miserable time for everyone.

 

James spends it trying to distract Sirius from everything Remus, and Sirius sits and cries and hates himself, thinking of nothing but Remus.

 

 

Remus spends the next two weeks on his own, not sure what to do or where to go, his inner compass has led him to Sirius for so long, so he doesn’t know what to do now that it’s no longer an option.

 

So, he drifts, not quite tethered to reality, not quite floating away, just drifting, wondering where lost souls go when there’s nowhere to call home.

 

On the 10th of January after the sun has set, an owl comes flying towards him, and it’s the most contact he’s had since he and Sirius broke up so he stares at it for a moment in bewilderment before he realises he’s meant to untie it. The writing is familiar yet foreign, as though he’s seen it before but the author has disguised it, and the three words make his heart drop like a stone.

 

No author. No elaboration. No room for misinterpretation.

 

Check Pettigrew’s arm.

 

If this is real and Peter is the traitor, then that means Sirius wasn’t too far off; it was one of their close friends, and Remus is hit with the knowledge that if Peter can contribute to Marlene, Dorcas, Gideon and Fabian’s death, who else has he helped orchestrate?

 

Who else is he planning to?

 

A desperate, terrified loop of Sirius, Sirius, Sirius sounds out within him, and even though he’s angry, even though he’s still hurt, still broken and still bleeding, he immediately goes home.

 

He goes straight home to Sirius.

 

 

Check Pettigrew’s arm.

 

Sirius looks numbly at his letter, and then the identical one that James is holding next to him and then looks down again at his own.

 

Check Pettigrew’s arm.

 

He knows it means look for the mark.

 

Check Pettigrew’s arm.

 

Not Remus’ because he’s not the traitor. But maybe Peter is. Because Sirius got it wrong and Sirius fucked up his relationship with his literal soulmate because he thought he was a traitor.

 

And he was wrong.

 

Because it could be Peter.

 

Fuck.

 

Fuck.

 

He doesn’t want to be his parents’ child anymore.

 

“What do we do now?” he asks instead, staring at James and trying to catalogue when he last saw Peter. What he was doing? Was he was wearing long sleeves? It’s January, of course he was wearing long sleeves.

 

And he’d been on a mission the same time Remus had been gone and then Amelia Bones died, hadn’t he, but Sirius hadn’t thought it would be Peter.

 

Is the letter wrong, though?

 

Sirius was wrong, so what if the letter is right.

 

The crack of apparation sounds, and he and James both have their wands up instinctively, and then Sirius lets his clatter to the floor as he sees Remus, a bit thin and bit tired but here because he’s come back to Sirius, he’s come back –

 

“James, did you get a letter too?” he asks, ignoring Sirius entirely which hurts as much as it’s deserved, and James immediately gets a deer in the headlights look as though he’s standing in the middle of his parents fighting and doesn’t know what to do.

 

“Yeah, me and Sirius both got the letter about Peter –“

 

“I didn’t ask about him,” Remus says sharply, still refusing to even acknowledge Sirius, and so for once in his life, he stays quiet and doesn’t speak up. He doesn’t think he deserves to be heard right now.

 

“What do we do then, do we go see Dumbledore?” James asks, wincing slightly at the possible loss of one of his best friends, and Remus just sighs and says, “yeah, probably our best bet.”

 

Then they’re going over to the fireplace and Sirius can’t help himself as he grabs Remus’ wrist with a wrecked “Moony –“

 

Remus just rips his hand away with a harsh, “my name is Remus” and then he’s disappeared through the floo and called out Dumbledore’s office before Sirius can even process what’s happened to leave him reeling in the middle of the sitting room.

 

“Come on, Pads. It’ll work itself out eventually”, James promises, tugging him along into the fireplace, and Sirius doesn’t comment on the absolute terror he feels that it won’t work itself out, and that this is all he’ll have left for himself.

 

Memories of who they used to be, a constant longing for more and a burning self-loathing for how it all went wrong.

 

 

Remus arrives in Dumbledore’s office and James and the other one arrive seconds later, and if Dumbledore is surprised to see them, he doesn’t show it, merely offering them a seat with a genial smile.

 

“And what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?”

 

James and Sirius both look at him, so Remus looks at James and keeps ignoring the other one, and Remus decides to speak.

 

“We all got a letter from an anonymous source that said check Pettigrew’s arm, and we think this means that he’s the traitor”, he says, even as he thinks the last word comes out a little hoarse. His eyes involuntarily flick to Sirius as he says it, regretting it as he sees him looking dangerously close to tears.

 

He doesn’t know what he was expecting, but it wasn’t for Dumbledore to reach into a draw on his desk, grab out a familiar piece of parchment and say, “I had also gotten a letter, and was waiting to see what the best course of action was.”

 

Remus always has had a short temper, and it seems to be getting easier and easier to set off these days.

 

“Maybe you should lock him up in Azkaban or sentence him for an execution and do your fucking job, otherwise lives are going to be getting fucking ruined as people turn on each other to wonder who the traitor actually is!” he bursts out, seeing Sirius stiffen out of the corner of his eye and doing his best to ignore it.

 

“It is not as simple as incarcerating somebody who has the potential to have acted nefariously,” Dumbledore says as though he’s trying to placate Remus, but fuck this man right now.

 

“I thought there was a guaranteed life-term in prison for those who have the mark,” Remus counters and Dumbledore makes a face like he’s swallowed a lemon and Remus smirks because he knows he’s won.

 

He’d never normally talk to Dumbledore like this, but he can’t quite bring himself to care right now.

 

“That is a possible solution, but are you sure you want to send a lifelong friend of yours to Azkaban? How about we talk to him –“

 

“Lock him the fuck up,” Remus interrupts. “The only other alternative is I go to his house myself and rip his head off his fucking neck, so take your pick. Call him here right now and we’ll check his arm.”

 

Dumbledore looks almost disappointed in Remus, at the way the war has changed him for the worse, but it hasn’t really. This is just who he is.

 

A patronus is sent, a minute later, Peter comes through the fireplace, immediately talking about how exciting it is that they’re all going to be on a mission together, but Remus sees the fear in his eyes and the way he’s instinctively looking around for an escape and he can smell dark magic emanating from his body.

 

He ignores James’ hand trying to hold him back, ignores Sirius’ scandalised “Remus!” and he walks straight over to Peter, shoves him against the wall and rips up his left sleeve revealing the Dark Mark.

 

“Remus, please, you have to understand –“

 

Remus shuts him up by punching him in the face, even though it looks as though someone else has already done the same thing earlier this morning. Good on them.

 

A swirl of magic, unmistakably Dumbledore’s surrounds his body and tries to pull him away from Peter, but Remus just swipes his arm out as though he’s trying to push it away, and whatever he’s done, it works, some combination of emotive, accidental and werewolf magic he didn’t even know he had.

 

He’s still livid, especially as Peter is still begging out apologies with blood dripping down his nose, muffling his voice, and he makes the mistake of looking at Sirius in his chair whose lips are parted slightly and there’s a dark blush creeping down his neck.

 

It’s harder than it should be for Remus to draw his gaze away, especially because he knows Sirius caught him looking.

 

It’s sad really, the way he looks down at Peter and feels 7 years of friendship disappear with a black tattoo. And so Remus thinks about all the pranks they pulled, all the laughter they shared, all the stories of each other they have to tell and then he locks away his fond memories of Peter in the back of his mind and focuses on the anger.

 

Dumbledore is still looking so sad at the violence Remus is showing, but then Remus smells the burst of magic that always happens before an animagus transformation, and as he looks down and sees Peter shudder, he stuns him without a second thought.

 

“Call the Aurors and send him to Azkaban”, Remus announces, and Dumbledore is still delaying it, still trying to grant mercy or forgive and forget or some shit like that.

 

Remus doesn’t care, Peter is ruining his life and ending countless others. Remus is happy to ruin his in return.

 

“Mr Potter, Mr Black”, Dumbledore tries desperately. “Do you agree with Mr Lupin’s request or do you have mercy?” It’s unfair really for him to appeal to both their guilt complexes like this, and James is squirming uncomfortably in his seat but Sirius doesn’t hesitate to say, “I agree with Remus, lock him up” and Remus is almost grateful to him.

 

Almost.

 

Dumbledore is still stalling, still doing whatever he’s doing that isn’t sending Peter to prison, so Remus gives him a bland “majority rules” and calls the Aurors himself.

 

Dumbledore looks at him with an almost betrayed expression and when the Aurors have taken Peter away and Remus has gone to go to wherever he’s going that he still hasn’t figured out, James stops him.

 

“Come back to ours, okay? You don’t have to do or say anything, just stay so we know you’re safe.”

 

“Not everyone cares about my fucking wellbeing” he shoots back, and there’d almost be a vindicative pleasure in how Sirius genuinely seems to wilt if Remus didn’t also have the pressing urge to fix it so he could bloom again.

 

“Remus –“

 

“Shut up, I have nothing to say to you”, Remus bites out, still hurt, still lashing out and Sirius takes a literal step back with the force of his vitriol and James, always the peacemaker, stands between them.

 

“Remus, you go to mine and can hang with Lily. Me and Sirius are going back to your flat –“

 

“His flat –“

 

“Fine. His flat, and then we can all calm down and work things out from there.”

 

“Nothing to work out –“

 

“Remus!”

 

He glares at James too then, feeling as though he’s talking Sirius’ side for not letting Remus be angry, but James just gestures towards the fireplace and Remus scowls some more but does eventually go through it, calling out for the Potter Townhouse and disappearing.

 

 

Sirius, stupidly and naïvely, thought things would be okay if he saw Remus again. If he could just sit down and apologise, if they could just talk, but he thinks things have only gotten worse.

 

He wouldn’t even look at him.

 

And Sirius can’t blame him. He doesn’t want to look at himself either.

 

He doesn’t sleep much that night, just drifts in and out of the same misery he’s been trapped in the past 2 weeks, missing Remus, wanting to go find him, knowing it’ll only make things worse. And so he curls up in their bed with James, which would usually solve half of his problems in the first place, but now for the first time, he’s almost resenting James’ presence because he’s not 3’ taller and he hasn’t got as broad shoulders and he doesn’t smell like chocolate and cigarettes, so Sirius cant curl up next to him and pretend he’s Moony.

 

Or pretend he’s Remus. He’s lost nickname privileges after all.

 

He doesn’t know how things can get any worse, so when the sun rises and an owl delivers a letter with a formal Sirius O. Black with a stamp from the House of Black and another stamp from Gringotts, Sirius just rips it open without a second thought. If he’s being summoned back home, if they’ve found a loophole, fine. It’s not even the worst thing that’s happened to him lately.

 

His heart still sinks when he reads the first line.

 

You are hereby declared Lord of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black with effect from 12 January 1980.

 

And he didn’t want to go back, but he doesn’t know how he can resist it now and he half-heartedly glances at the next sentence in an attempt to find a loophole

 

Following the deaths of Walburga R. Black and Orion A. Black on the 11 January 1980.

 

And Sirius’ brain short-circuits again.

 

He’s free.

 

But now he’s an orphan.

 

Can he even be an orphan if he’s already of age?

 

He thinks of his brother, long dead. He’s the only Black left, only one more death and then the line dies out and Sirius has the passing thought of ending it today just to spite his parents one last time.

 

He’s the Lord of the House of Black, he’s literally the richest man in Britain now.

 

His parents are dead and he feels nothing.

 

He should feel something, his parents are dead, but all he feels is a desperate want for Remus who would understand in a way James never will be able to. If James’ parents died, he’d be an utter grieving wreck, but Sirius thinks he went through that phase with his own when he was 15 and left home.

 

His parents are dead and James is by his side, pulling him into a hug but they don’t fit like they usually do, because Sirius just wants Remus.

 

“Call Remus”, he hears himself say distantly, and James is instantly alert, almost cautious in the way he delicately says, “you know he may not come, don’t you?” and Sirius just nods.

 

He knows but he doesn’t care anymore.

 

Because with him and Remus? There’s nothing left to lose.

 

 

Remus wakes up after no more than 2 hours of sleep, and Lily raises an eyebrow in silent question when she wakes too.

 

Are you alright? It says and Remus just shrugs. He doesn’t even know.

 

He’s planning on lying in bed for most of the day, maybe crying a little, maybe just staring at the ceiling, when James’ patronus, still as regal and elegant as his animagus form bursts in and Remus’ first thought is what’s happened to Sirius until he remembers he’s not supposed to care.

 

Then James talks and his voice sounds strained and worried and Remus is instantly alert.

 

“Remus, I know you and Pads aren’t on the best of terms, but he’s asking for you and he’s just found out that both of his parents have died. It looks as though it’s murder so, if you could come over, I think he’d appreciate it. It’s up to you though, I’ll stay with him either way.” And then the stag disappears and Remus thinks it’s a bit sad as to how quickly he scrambles out of bed and gets dressed, ignoring Lily’s slightly amused smirk which is honestly deserved after he spent 3 hours last night moping about how Sirius doesn’t deserve him and how he’s not getting shit.

 

He apparates back home, because Sirius is there now, and when Remus opens the door to their bedroom, Sirius’ head shoots up and his face had been dry before but now it softens in pure relief before letting out heaving sobs that border on hyperventilating, leaving James frantic, but Remus understands this too.

 

“Go make us a cup of tea, James”, he murmurs, and then he takes James’ spot on the bed and wraps an arm around Sirius letting him rest his head on his shoulder, and maybe he’s a bit tense and maybe he’s being a bit awkward, but at the same time, this feels right.

 

He’s home.

 

When Remus had put his arm around Sirius, he had only cried harder, and as the tears had slowed eventually, he had twisted his face up to look at him, a wet and broken and genuinely surprised “you came” coming out of his mouth.

 

Remus had sighed at that, unsure how to respond or if he should even respond, and in the end, he’d just gone with the raw, honest truth.

 

“You called.”

 

 

Remus stays for the rest of the day, and Sirius wonders how he could possibly make him stay. He doesn’t want him to go again. He doesn’t deserve to ask him to stay.

 

He doesn’t cry anymore, his tears weren’t for his parents anyway; they were for the pure relief that Remus was here and that Remus had come back and that even if he goes again, there’s a chance he may still come back, despite everything.

 

Sirius grieved his parents at fifteen so his tears weren’t for them. They’re for Remus who he’s still grieving even though he’s still alive.

 

When the sun sets and Remus gets ready to leave, Sirius panics. He doesn’t want him to go. He doesn’t deserve for him to stay.

 

He has nothing left to lose.

 

“You can stay, if you want”, he says, timidly, quietly, unsure in a way he rarely is, and he counts it as a win that Remus looks conflicted, like maybe he doesn’t want to go either.

 

“Not tonight”, he says eventually, he seems too tired to manage any emotion other than exhaustion, although Sirius supposes that is the effect he has on people. “I’ll stay with Lily.”

 

Sirius swallows heavily and tries not to argue, even though it’s on the tip of his tongue. “See you tomorrow then?” he asks, aiming for casual, but then adding a quick “maybe?” on the end when he sees Remus hesitate.

 

Remus looks as lost as Sirius feels as he echoes, “maybe,” and then with one last lingering look, he’s walking back through the floo.

 

And then he’s gone.

 

Again.

 

 

Remus does go back tomorrow, and the next day, and the next, but he makes sure that he’s never alone with Sirius, and he never stays the night.

 

It’s nice, because Sirius is there, but at the same time, it’s awkward. It’s stilted. It’s like you’re meeting someone for the first time and haven’t found common ground yet, and Remus hates that description because this is Sirius. This is his Padfoot, his soulmate.

 

They do have common ground, though, but they stay in their own fields, even though Remus wants to meet him halfway in the field they share with a full watering can. He wants to come closer, find Sirius amongst the drooping flowers and the drying grass, but he stays in his own corner, too scared to move forward towards everything he wants.

 

He wants to flick Sirius under his chin when he gazes into the distance, and he wants Sirius to play fight with him even though Remus wins every time because then it always ends in snogging, and he wants to go back to being Remus and Sirius and not whatever this is.

 

“Do you want a cup of tea?”

 

“Nah, I’m alright.”

 

“Alright then.”

 

“What about you?”

 

“Nah I’m okay.”

 

“Okay then.”

 

Another silence as they search for something to say, until James takes pity and talks about quidditch and his parents and his friends and whatever comes to his mind, and Remus and Sirius pretend to pay attention to him, and pretend they’re not sneaking glances at each other when they think they’re not looking.

 

The full moon in late January, and then the next in February are the only reprieves in the awkwardness of their was-relationship, even though Remus doesn’t actually know if they ever officially broke up. Like in fifth and sixth year when their relationship was too messy to handle, they can blame it on being a wolf and being a dog as they ignore Prongs entirely and just run with each other, fight with each other, touch each other even if it is just a lick across the face and then a playful swipe across the stomach.

 

It’s so easy as a wolf, and then they wake up the next morning and Sirius hands him his clothes without making leering jokes about his dick and his abs, and Sirius asks him what he wants for breakfast instead of just making him bacon and eggs and beans on toast like always, and when Remus is sat on the couch in his flat trying to not fall asleep, he decides that now is the time to talk.

 

It’s an awful time, really. They’re all sleep deprived and dead on their feet, but he can’t take back the question once it’s out of his mouth.

 

“Why’d you think I was the traitor?”

 

And Sirius freezes and whips his horror-struck gaze to Remus and James mutters out a quick “I’ll just be in the kitchen” and then Remus stares at Sirius and waits.

 

“Remus” he says weakly, pleading with him to take it back, but he has to know. He has to know.

 

“Is it because I’m a werewolf?” Remus asks trying to prompt him along, even though it hurts saying the words out loud and Sirius when winces imperceptibly, Remus winces too.

 

“Remus –“ Sirius says again, but the wolf is still too close to the surface after the moon to be placated.

 

“I thought you of all people would understand the significance of being accused for something you can’t change. You know how many people thought you were the spy because of your last name and you raged at them for being ignorant and entitled when you’ve done the exact same thing to me! I’m more than just a wolf, Sirius, I thought I was the love of your life the same way you’re mine” and Remus doesn’t realise he’s stood up, doesn’t realise he was shouting and he’s ready for a fight when Sirius answers with possibly the most ridiculous thing possible, given the circumstances.

 

“I love it when you call me the love of your life.”

 

Remus just lets out a weak laugh and says,“I love it when you act like it, but you haven’t been doing a very good job lately” and Sirius winces again.

 

“Just say it Sirius, tell the truth. It’s not like it’ll make things any worse.”

 

And Sirius does.

 

 

“When the spy was announced, I’d go through different people in my head and try to figure out if they could be the spy. I’d obsess over it and I’d think if they were at the last Order meeting, what had they heard, what intelligence had the Death Eaters acted upon, and people got crossed off the possible traitor list when they died.”

 

Remus is sitting expressionless on the couch, but Sirius knows he’s listening. At least he’s listening. He hasn’t left yet.

 

“I went through heaps of people, Lucinda, Gid and Fab, even Dorcas, but they kept dying and the spy kept sabotaging, so I knew it couldn’t be then. Lots of people kept coming to fight after the spy was announced, so the group of who was there at the start was getting smaller and I realised it had to be someone I knew.”

 

“Someone like me,” Remus says emotionlessly, interrupting for the first time and Sirius just breathes in and out and keeps telling the truth.

 

“I knew it never would have been James, James doesn’t have a single deceiving bone in his body,” and Remus at least lets out a huff of laughter at this, at the absurdity of James having secrets at all let alone being a traitor. “I never thought it would be Pete either, he’s too, Pete, and so –” Remus is still watching and waiting. Sirius tells him. “That left you, because you love secrets and you were always away and you never said what you were doing and –“

 

“Dumbledore wants me to get the werewolves on our side so Voldemort can’t have them,” Remus says dully. “I was making allies, not betraying my friends,” and Sirius just swallows heavily at this too, before he asks another question that’s been burning him.

 

“Why did you never think I was the spy?” and Remus looks up at this, genuine surprise in his gaze that Sirius had the nerve to ask.

 

“I think I believed it never would have been any of my friends”, he says, and Sirius thinks at how opposite they are, and how opposite they’ve always been.

 

“And I thought it had to have been one of my friends”, Sirius concludes. “And we were both wrong.”

 

Remus just sighs, sounding world weary at that confession. “Yeah Sirius, we were both wrong,” and Sirius wonders where they go from here when Remus looks up and says “I’m still hurt and angry, but I think I understand. If I were you, I would’ve picked me too as the traitor.”

 

Sirius instantly tries to dissuade him, tells him that he shouldn’t think that but then Remus cuts him off saying “I’m tired now, I think I might have a sleep” and that shuts him up at once. He goes to offer him the bed, but Remus has already fallen asleep on the couch and even though Sirius is exhausted too, he’s so relieved that Remus has stayed to sleep for the first time in 2 months.

 

For the first time in 2 months, Sirius has the thought that maybe they’ll be okay.

 

 

Remus moves back in after their talk, even though he still sleeps on the couch. He and Sirius are still awkward and still apologise when they accidentally brush hands, but over time, it gets better even if it’s not quite what it used to be.

 

He thinks he does understand why Sirius thought he was the traitor in a truly uncomfortable way; if he had to accuse anyone in their group, he thinks being a Black would have been enough of a condemnation in the same way being a werewolf was, and a week and a half after he’s moved in, the day before his twentieth birthday, a pressure is taken off his chest that he’s been carrying around since Christmas.

 

“Hey Sirius”, he calls out into the living room where they spend most of their time these days; there’s enough room to coexist there without being so close they have to touch, and Sirius’ head shoots up, always slightly anxious and eager for whatever Remus will give him.

 

It’s a bit sad honestly that this is what their relationship has come too, but Remus knows he’s the same; he just hides it a bit better.

 

“Yeah Remus?” Sirius replies, tension written all over his frame, which again, Remus can’t really blame him for ,but there’s no stress at all as he smiles and frees himself from the chains he tied himself to and says, “I forgive you”

 

Sirius jolts in visible shock, and then his eyes are shimmering with tears about to fall as he whispers a quiet “what?” and Remus just laughs.

 

“I understand now, I think. Why you thought it was me, and why I could never think it was you. And I forgive you.”

 

Sirius literally just bursts into tears, sagging in relief as though his strings being cut and Remus holds him for the first time in months without any animosity or miscommunication or lies or secrets between them, and outside in the sky, the clouds seem to disappear and the moon and the stars glow brighter than anyone has ever seen them.

 

 

The next morning, Sirius wakes early to see Remus already awake and looking at him, and he leans forwards, kissing him on the lips as he whispers, “happy birthday Moony.”

 

And Remus lets him kiss him, and Remus lets him flip them over until he’s straddling his hips and Remus lets him take him apart and put him back together in the best way.

 

They go to James’ parent’s house for a birthday dinner and they come through the floo holding hands and James looks as though all his dreams have come true and Lily says, “only took you 3 months to sort your shit out, I’m impressed.

 

Mary tells Sirius he’s an absolute arse and ignores him for the rest of the day, and they leave a slice of cake in front of an empty seat for Marlene, and Sirius sits with his hand in Remus’ who lets him take it, who lets him have him.

 

And Sirius starts smiling and laughing and being himself again, because he and Remus have gone back to Remus and Sirius. He mostly manages to bury his mother’s voice in his head at the funeral he doesn’t go to, and even though there’s a war and even though there’s fighting and even though life is shit, he’s got Remus, and Remus has him.

 

Always lovers.

 

Always soulmates.

 

Always Remus and Sirius.

 

 

Sirius turns 21 in November 1980 and wonders what the year is going to bring for him.

 

He wonders if anything can be better than the year he was 16 and kissed Remus for the first time, or the year he was 17 and announced to the whole world that he was his boyfriend.

 

The year of being 21 ends up being a lot more eventful than anything he could have imagined, and on the 19 November 1980, there’s an Order of the Phoenix meeting at Grimmauld Place, a fact that Sirius privately thinks makes his parents roll in their graves, at the fact that he’s hosting a light meeting in their dark, Voldemort loving house. They’re only 20 minutes in when the wards chime and as the Master of the house, Sirius knows when someone he added personally comes through the door, and this isn’t them

 

And oh fuck. Who is it?

 

Is it Bellatrix? It must be family if it’s no one he’s added personally, and god, is he about to die? He grips Remus’ hand that he isn’t using to raise his wand as he’s hit with the horrible thought that Remus could be about to die.

 

He’s ready to fight, he’s ready for anything, this is war.

 

He’s ready for anything except the sight of his baby brother walking through the door, bruised and battered but very much alive who he dumps Voldemort’s’ corpse on the table and ends the war and Sirius stops giving a shit about the war even though he’s been fighting it for years.

 

All Sirius can think it that that’s his baby brother who ended it.

 

His baby brother Reggie.

 

And he’s alive.

 

 

After seeing him, knowing that he’s safe and having Regulus tell him that it’s good to see him again, despite everything which makes Sirius want to scream with joy as much as he wants to cry until his lungs give out, he slips into another spiral that night with Remus holding him in the house of his childhood that he thought he’d escaped. He thinks about why he never realised Regulus was still alive, why he never acted upon all those thoughts that he could feel Regulus was alive, like he just had to look a little harder and then he’d find the truth were never acted upon, and why he was born first when he’s clearly the worst big brother anyone could ever ask for.

 

And then Sirius goes to check on him the next day and Regulus sets a deadly curse on him that boils his blood, and then he’s cancelling it, and he’s frantic, and then he’s screaming at him, and Sirius doesn’t even care that he almost died because if his brother’s cursing him and yelling at him and shoving him out of his room then he’s still alive.

 

Regulus is still alive.

 

Sirius thinks there’s almost nothing Regulus could do to annoy him. He still fights with him, still yells at him and tells him he’s a piece of shit and then he goes back to comfort him with his admittedly alarmingly violent breakdown the next day, but Sirius thinks Regulus could set the world on fire and he’d just be glad he still knew how to strike a match.

 

He pointedly revaluates this when Crouch comes to stay and then the next day Evan Rosier, their second cousin comes to the house and then just don’t leave, but even though they’re Slytherins and ex-Death Eaters and seem to have forgotten what morals are, they make Regulus happy so Sirius lets them stay, and over time, he thinks they grow on him.

 

Most importantly, he gets his brother back.

 

 

Months later after Regulus’ return, Remus is lying in bed with Sirius when Sirius mutters out his favourite pastime of shit talking the house and saying why they have to go back to Camden, but also refusing anytime Remus suggests it because he wants to stay close to Regulus.

 

It is sweet, as much as Sirius tries to deny it, but Remus is happy to live wherever and be wherever so long as it’s with Sirius.

 

Today, Sirius is complaining about the family he was born in and how nothing good ever comes out of it, and he sullenly mutters, “I wish I wasn’t a Black” and before he’s processed what he’s saying, Remus says, “have my last name then.”

 

And then there’s a very long, very pregnant silence as he feels Sirius turn to look at him.

 

Another pause, and then “was that fucking marriage proposal?” in all breathless shock, pure wonder and Remus thinks about it and goes, “yeah I suppose so. Is it a yes then?”

 

And he wonders if he’s about to be engaged when Sirius says, “absolutely fucking not” in the most offended tone he’s ever heard, but before Remus can wonder if he’s just been rejected, Sirius keeps talking.

 

“I am not accepting a marriage proposal like this” he hisses. “First of all, I am going to propose to you, and second of all it will not be in bed without dramatics and exuberance and romance.”

 

Remus is just amused at this point. “So you won’t marry me –“

 

“Yes, I’ll fucking marry you, don’t you dare think otherwise, but no it won’t be like this and you need to wait for me to ask you.”

 

“Alright then.” Remus tells him wryly, trying not to laugh. “Is that all?”

 

Sirius still looks annoyed as he says, “no that’s not all. I’m taking your fucking last name,” and Remus laughs again and replies, “no problem fiancé.”

 

Sirius literally snarls and says, “we’re not fucking engaged until I say were engaged,” and then he almost stomps out of the room in a pure huff that he didn’t ask first and Remus laughs again and counts the 14th March 1981 as the day he got engaged.

 

 

“Come for a ride?” Sirius asks a couple of weeks later after Remus’ attempted marriage proposal that Sirius still can’t believe he had the nerve to do, and Remus accepts, because of course he accepts. He always goes wherever Sirius goes, and Sirius takes them all over Britain, just because, until he lands it in Diagon Alley and then he takes Remus by the hand and drags him into muggle London, walking and walking until they come to a park near Islington where they watch cars drive by who don’t notice them.

 

“I used to come here a lot as a kid”, Sirius says. “It was one of the only places I could ever be myself, me and Reggie used to play on that playground until our parents came home and we had to sneak back inside.”

 

“This is the first place I kissed a girl”, he says casually, and Remus just looks to him, wondering where this is going, but he stays quiet and listens even though Sirius wishes he would say something that he doubts he’d hear it over the pounding of his heart.

 

“Even when I was in denial about liking blokes and liking you and when I couldn’t get my mother’s voice out of my head, I’d come here and just walk around and no one cared who I was or who I wanted to be. They all just acted like themselves and ignored everyone else, so when I was in denial or found it had to admit I was queer, especially that I was queer for you, I’d come here and I felt like I didn’t have to deny it.”

 

Remus still looks supportive but slightly confused, but Sirius is nearly done.

 

“I think this is the place where it let myself love you for the first time, and I’d planned out fireworks and streamers and flying cherubs when I realised that’s not romance. Nothing could ever be more intimate than just living life with you, and I can’t wait to sit down at the table together writing the grocery list and fight over who’s turn it is to take out the rubbish.”

 

And Sirius gets down on one knee in the middle of the park and asks Remus to marry him.

 

And Remus says, “yes.”

 

And then Sirius declares them officially engaged.

 

 

The night after the wedding, they look up at the sky where the moon and stars shine down at them, and it’s comforting to know that a part of their love will remain tethered to the Earth, long after they’ve gone and their souls continue to find each other in every lifetime.

 

Each love is different, but in every lifetime, every reality and every version of an everchanging life in an ever-changing world, there are four constants that they’re yet to find an exception to.

 

They always find each other, they’re always lovers, always soulmates, and pieces of themselves will always find their roots in the lifetime they spent together as Remus and Sirius Lupin.
Notes:

    There will be more wolfstar in future chapter so this is not the end- be excited for the rosekiller interlude in 6 chapters time, because I'll probably go overboard and write an entire side fic for them aswell yay.

    Also Sirius getting pissy because he didn't like how Remus engaged to him is immaculate characterisation and you can't change my mind.

Chapter 29: Chapter 25: March 1980 - November 1980
Summary:

    Breakdowns, breakthroughs and ghosts from the past

Notes:

    Hello, I'm back. Shorter chapter today but at least it's out, and then chapter length will probably pick up again from here on out.

    My brain was just not very creative this week so took ages to write, but it's all done now yay.

    Next chapter probably out within the week so next Sunday 29th, but definitely by the following Wednesday.

    Hope you enjoy :)))

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

March 1980 – November 1980

 

The closer Regulus gets towards the end of the war, the further away it actually seems. When he first began looking for horcruxes, even though he didn't know what to expect or where to start, there were still seven objects waiting to be found.

 

Now, there are three left, so his chances of finding them are halved, and he has no idea where to go.

 

There's the horcrux he thinks will be at Hogwarts, but he needs to prepare his glamours and figure out how to circumvent the wards before he can go. Realistically, he will need to wait until September when the school year starts again, so he can blend in amongst the other students. If he goes during the summer holidays, he's basically asking to duel his way out of getting caught, so for now, his attention rests on what the other 2 horcruxes could be and where to find them.

 

It's a difficult task because, despite the similarities between himself and Voldemort, Regulus doesn't know what Voldemort might deem worthy enough to harbour his soul and how there could possibly be seven things he trusts so intimately.

 

It's unfathomable to Regulus, who has only had 2 places he'd ever entrust his secrets entirely; his poetry journal he keeps close to protect, and his brother he pushes away to protect.

 

He has his friends, Barty and Evan, who are too close to Voldemort to share secrets with and Pandora who, like Sirius, is safest when she's away from him and the war and the destruction he brings wherever he goes. Even if he wanted to, he doesn't want to endanger any of his friends by giving them pieces of his soul to protect, especially at the risk of what would happen if they were caught.

 

Sirius is different. 

 

As much as Regulus never wanted to give him such a valuable piece of himself to look after, he never had a choice. Regulus never gave his soul to him to protect; Sirius has just always had a part of it and always will whether he wants it or not. Sirius is a shit brother and hypocritical arrogant Gryffindor who can't follow a simple instruction to save his life, but before he was a blood traitor and a disappointment to the family, he was Regulus' big brother.

 

Sirius was safety long before Regulus knew what it was to fear, and he was protection long before Regulus knew what it was to fight.

 

He's nineteen now, and all he ever wonders when it comes to Sirius is how it all went wrong and how it could ever go back to the way it used to.

 

Deep down, he knows it can't; the problem always has been and always will be his inadequacy. People don't keep broken toys, after all.

 

Despite the similarities that Regulus reluctantly feels to be ever-present between himself and Voldemort, he can't find them now to figure out what his other horcruxes would be. There's the one at Hogwarts, whatever it may be, potentially something belonging to Ravenclaw, even though all he can think of is the lost diadem, and that's where he's stuck. 

 

He's not stupid enough to indulge the possibility of the sword of Gryffindor being one of his horcruxes, but if the diadem is a horcrux, then there'd only be 2 left to uncover if 7 is the magic number. However, finding horcruxes is hard enough without them being lost and possibly fabled legends as well.

 

Regulus spends months researching, reading, exploring and searching, but nothing comes to pass. He turns 19 on a Thursday in early summer, and it rains the entire day, giving him no expectations for the upcoming year.

 

It was just over 2 years ago that he became an official Death Eater, that he and Kreacher entered the cave, and only one of them came out of it, and sometimes, Regulus wonders why it was him. Sometimes he wonders if it's a twisted form of punishment, but he still hasn't figured out who it's from. 

 

All he has is his to-do list, and all he has to do is follow it; it's the easiest way to keep going. It's methodical, and you can't misinterpret two words on a page.

 

Kill Voldemort.

 

It's impossible, but he'll make it doable.

 

He'll do it.

 

He just still doesn't know at what cost.

 

 

The months bleed together until October rolls around and Regulus is still getting nowhere. He's had 6 months without tangible progress, and his levels of spite are dropping dangerously close to his wanting to give up. The Daily Prophet isn't reporting anything useful, Regulus has never felt more disconnected, and the only way he finds a way to feel whole again is temporary and always leaves him feeling in more and more pieces when it's over.

 

He's feeling frustrated, and he needs an outlet; he needs to do something, so he decides to go back to his favourite pastime and go interrogating.

 

The problem is that he's already interrogated almost all of the Death Eaters, so he may have to go through them again.

 

He's not too worried, though; even if he can't learn anything new, at least he can relax to the sounds of their screams. 

 

Regulus learns with a quick bone-breaking curse in Knockturn Alley that there's a Death Eater raid taking place in early October, so he leaves the peaceful tranquillity of Snowdonia National Park to go to the coast of St Andrews, where the sky is red and green, and the air is oily with the scent of Dark Magic.

 

He can't see his brother which is relieving because he can't get hurt if he's not here, but he sees Evan and Barty under their Death Eater masks. It's almost comforting having his ex-best friends so close by, even though to say hello would be a death sentence, but oh, how he wishes he could.

 

He decides to interrogate Yaxley, who is close enough to Voldemort to at least know something useful but isn't powerful like Malfoy or Bellatrix, for there to actually be a chance of a duel occurring.

 

The raid is well underway, and there are bodies, both magical and muggle, littering the streets, which Regulus instinctively checks to ensure they don't belong to anyone important.

 

It's like a routine now, the way he slips behind his target and stuns them, hidden amongst the chaos and spellfire, and he's preparing to apparate when he hears a spell hit a body and then there's a sharp gasp, followed by a scream.

 

"Barty," he hears someone whisper, like the breath has been punched out of them, and the concept of Barty Crouch Junior being hurt has the very possibility of tearing them apart, let alone the reality of it occurring.

 

It takes Regulus far longer than it should to realise it's him who said the word, that it's him who is struggling to breathe through his fear. Then, there's a louder, more frantic "Barty, wake up. Come on, you need to wake up!"

 

Evan.

 

There's a raid going on, and spells are flying from all directions, but Evan doesn't seem to care as he drops to his knees and stares at Barty with horror in his eyes as he watches him bleed out in the middle of the street. 

 

Evan is half trying to heal him, half trying to shake him awake and praying for a miracle, but neither is working.

 

"Wake up Barty, don't die, don't you dare die on me. Barty, please!" Evan is chanting, voice breaking, and Regulus watches as Barty's eyes flicker open, hazy and delirious.

 

"Evan," he breathes out.

 

"Stay awake, okay?" Evan says, rushing over his words. "You're not going to die, okay? Do you hear me?"  

 

Barty's lips twitch faintly. "I think I am," he whispers back. "This is it –"

 

"You can't die; what do I need to do? Barty, tell me what to do!"

 

Evan is desperate, but Barty is oddly complacent as he moves his hand into Evan's and squeezes it weakly while Evan holds on like he's trying to anchor Barty to the Earth.

 

"This is enough," he says with a soft smile. "Don't worry about me, I'll just hang out with Regulus until all of this is over, and I see you again."  

 

Barty's eyes close, and Regulus hears himself and Evan sob in tandem.

 

If Regulus has read the situation right, Barty thinks he is going to die. He thinks he is going to die, that he's living his final moments, and all he wants to do is hold Evan's hand until he goes and finds Regulus.

 

"You're not going to die," Evan whispers, his voice cracking in the middle, and Regulus would tell him to shut up and realise that this isn't the time or place to fall apart if he weren't doing the exact same thing; tears slipping down his cheeks, wand held uselessly at his side, looking for the neon green lights and wondering if he should step out in front of them.

 

Barty is bleeding out; he's been hit by a cutting hex so deep and so dark that Evan doesn't know how to heal it. He's trying, and it's not working.

 

And Barty is dying.

 

"Fuck”, Regulus mutters hoarsely; he has to make a choice.

 

If Regulus does something to help, he might get caught and die. If he does nothing, Barty is guaranteed to.

 

There's no choice to make.

 

He rushes over and knows it's risky to move Barty in this state, but it's even riskier to try and heal him in the middle of a literal raid. He leaves Yaxley's unconscious body on the ground and creates an illegal, untraceable portkey to take them far away towards the outskirts of Plymouth. He casts the spell, counts down from three, and on one, he shoves Evan away and grabs Barty by the shoulders, and they disappear, leaving Evan screaming Barty's name like he just had something precious ripped away from him.

 

Regulus only hopes that Evan has left the raid and hasn't gotten hit too, but now all he can focus on is Barty, who isn't alternating between telling him he's a no-good two-faced backstabbing traitor and hugging him until he can't breathe.

 

He's not hitting him in the face, hard enough to hurt but light enough to be caring.

 

He's not doing anything except bleeding out on the floor from a dark cutting hex that Evan couldn't heal, and now Regulus is praying that he has learnt enough dark magic from being a Black and hunting horcruxes and losing his morals so that he can save Barty.

 

He hasn't cast any wards or checked to see if anyone followed him; there's no time. 

 

Barty is dying.

 

There's internal bleeding, external bleeding, and so much blood Regulus can taste iron in the air, and while he may not know the counter curse, he can stop the bleeding for long enough to give himself time to figure it out. After losing his leg and having to set the skin on fire so that it would be cauterised, he almost immediately developed a blood clotting potion so that if he had to amputate another limb, he would at least be able to grant himself the small mercy of not burning his flesh to survive.

 

Half of the ingredients in it are illegal, and the methods of how he got the other half are also illegal, but dark magic can only be fought with dark magic.

 

He shoves the blood-clotting potion down his throat, forcing him to swallow, and its effect is instant, so Regulus heaves a sigh of relief, knowing that at least Barty isn't going to bleed out. So long as that's sorted, everything else will be okay.

 

He can give him blood replenishers to make up for the litres of blood he lost, so he'll be okay.

 

He can give him an organ healing potion to repair his ruptured lung and the scars on his heart, so he'll be okay.

 

He can give him a wound-mending potion so his skin can knit itself together from where the hex cut him open.

 

He can cast scourgify to get rid of the blood and give him a vial of dreamless sleep, so Barty is still unconscious and still weak but very much alive and not dying.

 

He's going to live, he's not dying anymore, and he's going to live, so Regulus tilts his head back and closes his eyes, sighing in relief until he hears a footstep and then there's a wand pointed at his throat.

 

He freezes.

 

Is this the point where he loses the war? Has he traded his survival for Barty's without knowing it? He doesn't regret it, but surely this can't be how he dies, not when he's finally doing something good for someone.

 

His fingers slowly inch for his wand lying at his side, but the person kicks it away with a harsh "don't bother trying. Who are you, and what have you done to him?"

 

Sparks shoot out of the wand in what is supposed to be a threatening manner, and Regulus doesn't know how the man in the mask was expecting him to react, but it probably wasn't for him to let out another sigh of relief.

 

Regulus isn't afraid anymore; he just needs the man to calm down long enough to let him prove himself.

 

"Evan," he says quietly, his lips stumbling over the name slightly he hasn't spoken in years. "Evan." 

 

His wand falters slightly, as though he almost dropped it in shock and then managed to keep a hold of it.

 

"How do you know my name," he asks, his voice shaking slightly, and Regulus knows it's not what he's really asking.

 

What are you doing here? How are you alive? Is it really you?

 

Regulus knows Evan's voice like Evan knows his own; after years of constant exposure, half their lifetimes spent being best friends, so even after years apart, they still know each other.

 

Their voices have the same shake, their fingers have the same tremble, and Evan doesn't fight him as Regulus gently pushes the wand away from his neck and with trembling fingers, he removes his mask and lets it fall to the floor.

 

"Regulus," he breathes out, and then Regulus feels himself being yanked up off the floor from where he'd been hovering over Barty's body and yanked into a hug so tight it's almost painful, but he can't bring himself to leave.

 

This is Evan, this is his best friend, and Barty is here too, unconscious but alive, and as he squeezes Evan back and closes his eyes, he can almost pretend he's in the sixth-year dorms again where it's just the three of them, still living under the shelter of their youths, blissfully unaware of the cruel nature of war.

 

When he opens his eyes, the war is still going on, and he's still fighting.

 

But his friends are here; he wants to celebrate.

 

But they can't stay; he wants to curl up and weep.

 

Regulus has always been weak, though. And he's lonely. And he missed his friends. He lets himself embrace in their warmth for a little longer.

 

"Regulus, what the fuck have you been doing," Evan asks when he pulls away without bothering with pleasantries, and Regulus just looks at him. "Where were you? How the fuck are you still alive?"

 

"I can't tell you," he says tiredly, still feeling like he's going to cry. He's sick of keeping secrets, but it's the only way he can protect them. 

 

"Then what can you tell me?" he asks, clearly refusing to go without answers. "Tell me something."

 

Regulus pulls out 10 potion vials and slaps them into Evan's hand. "I can tell you that Barty needs these potions twice a day for the next 5 days to heal, and then he'll be fine."

 

Evan looks a mixture of annoyed at the lack of answers and fond at how much Regulus hasn't changed since school, and it's so eerily reminiscent of sixth year again that Regulus is hit with a wave of nostalgia.

 

This is how it could still be if you hadn't become a traitor,  his mind helpfully adds.

 

Fuck off,  he tells it.

 

"Regulus, what's going on?" Evan says, softer now, still angry, but there's concern slipping through. 

 

Regulus can't answer him.

 

Half of him doesn't know what to say, and the other of himself can't speak, still unable to believe that he's here with his best friends, who he hasn't talked to in over two years.

 

"You weren't supposed to find out I was still alive," Regulus says eventually, at least that he can say honestly. He's still reeling from the surreal fact that he and Evan are sitting side by side watching the moon through the window while Barty lies at their feet, drugged up on pain potions and dreamless sleep, unaware that his ex has come back from the dead to save him.

 

"Yeah, and you weren't supposed to die at sixteen," Evan shoots back sharply, and Regulus can't help but flinch at that, feeling the cold water all around him and trying to breathe, but there's no air left.

 

"I didn't die –"

 

"Oh, so faking it was so much better, wasn't it. Thank you for your courtesy."

 

"You're angry," he replies redundantly. Evan's eyes are narrowed, his cheeks are flushed, and he keeps opening and closing his fist like he's trying to will himself not to grab hold of his wand and curse Regulus.

 

"No shit Regulus, why did you do it?"

 

Because we were wrong. Because this isn't what I want. Because this is the only way I can get my brother back.

 

Regulus just stares at him, saying nothing, giving no answers. He can have one when the war is over, and Regulus can risk Evan killing him once he's realised the truth.

 

"How's the Dark Lord?" Regulus asks instead, refusing to think of how his friends have been without him and focusing on horcruxes instead. 

 

"Oh, I've been fine, thanks for asking –"

 

"Evan!" Regulus hisses before adding a quieter, "please, it's important."

 

Evan just sighs, still annoyed but trusting him as he's always done, leaving Regulus's chest feeling tight. "He hasn't changed much. Still the same leader we signed up to, still got some good policies to implement, and seems to like Barty and me enough that we stay under his punishment radar."

 

"What else?" Regulus asks, cataloguing the information and trying to find any connection towards the horcruxes.

 

Evan gives Regulus a funny look but answers anyways. 

 

"He still has his inner circle with Malfoy, Lestrange and all of them, we have fewer meetings than we used to, but I don't know why that would be. Someone made a joke that he was too tired and old for them, and then they got killed, but he's taken to having that snake around him more often, do you remember Nagini? It's creepy how in sync they are, to be honest, not that I'd ever tell him that. Like I know he's a parselmouth, but I swear that snake is almost a part of him."

 

Regulus' head snaps around, Evan's words replaying on a loop, and another piece of the puzzle fits into place.

 

"You're the best," he tells Evan breathlessly, almost wanting to kick him out so he can find out if he knows of another horcrux or not, but being unable to do so when Evan is here. He's his best friend, and he's here.

 

"I'll remember you said that," Evan replies with an amused smile, but Regulus doesn't return it.

 

There's a long pause, a horrible nauseous feeling in his gut, and he winces imperceptibly, but Evan notices and narrows his eyes, his smile fading. "What does that look mean, Reg? What are you doing? What did that mean?"

 

Regulus doesn't answer and only squeezes his eyes shut.

 

Evan huffs in frustration, then says, "right, this is enough. You're coming with us; we're not leaving you now that we know you're alive and –"

 

"You won't."

 

"Yeah, we won't leave you, so you'll come back to ours and –"

 

"No, Evan. You take Barty back to wherever he lives, give him his potions and go on your way."

 

"And you're coming with us," Evan says immediately, which makes Regulus grimace. He wishes he didn't need to do this. But he has to. He has to.

 

"I'm not."

 

"If you leave, we'll just come back and find you, so you may as well just come now."

 

"You won't," he repeats, chest hollow and ridiculously close to tears.

 

"How will you stop us then", Evan asks, raising one eyebrow in challenge, and Regulus winces again.

 

He swallows hard, remembers the warmth of Evan's hug and the way he smiles, remembers the new scar on Barty's chest and how his hair has grown slightly longer and then he looks up at Evan.

 

"I'm sorry."

 

"For what?"

 

"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

 

"Reg?" Evan asks again, slower and more hesitant.

 

"I'm sorry," Regulus repeats, his voice breaking yet again, and when Regulus looks up and raises his wand with a shaking hand, he knows Evan can see the guilt in his eyes. "I'm so –"

 

"No", Evan says, horrified, understanding dawning as he scrabbles for his wand. "Don't, Regulus. "Don't you dare, don't you fucking –"

 

"I'm so sorry."

 

"Regulus! Don't. Please –"

 

"Oblivate."

 

Before Evan's eyes glaze over, Regulus sees them filled with deep-rooted betrayal.

 

 

Regulus disapparates again towards Holkham Beach, wards his tent, and cries helplessly and ridiculously like a little child.

 

He had his friends and lost them again, he'd felt something that wasn't loneliness for the first time in a long time, and then he'd lost it again when he hadn't even known he'd had anything left to lose.

 

It had given him hope, in a twisted way, that once the war is over and life returned to normal, at least his friends will be happy to see him, but he hadn't been able to bring up the fact that he was a traitor.

 

Hadn't been able to admit that the Dark Lord he dragged them to join at sixteen is a different person from the idol they'd had in their head.

 

Hadn't been able to stomach the look in Evan's eyes if he told him of his betrayal, but he got that anyways, and he still feels sick with the guilt of it.

 

There's no one left.

 

He's all alone.

 

All he has are his tears, his memories, and a book full of poetry.

 

 

Regulus’ journal: 4 October 1980

 

Fire is love, hope, warmth, and safety, and I sit in darkness.

 

The candle of my family is half melted, barely flickering, and the wick has burnt out in those of my friends.

 

The candle I kept for myself has never been lit.

 

 

Darkness taunts me, shadows haunt me, but there are no candles nearby to give me light.

 

I have memories of stars in the night and torches on stone walls, but a part of me has always longed for the sun.

 

Is it resilience or futility to still wait to be set on fire?

 

I am cold. Everything is dark. There is no overlap between who I am and who I had always hoped to be.

 

 

He thinks he slips into another depression and copes by pretending it's not happening. He just represses his emotions to such an extent that he forgets it's not normal to feel at all. He has a war to win and a man to kill; he'll have time to feel when it's over.

 

Evan was surprisingly helpful, with the prospect of Nagini being a horcrux, and Regulus wonders if there are any other living ones, too; it's another thing to add to his research list.

 

He hadn't realised at the time either, too caught up in his desperation to notice what he was doing, but he's got a new perspective on removing the Dark Marks now.

 

He cured Barty with potions even though he'd been hit with a spell. He hadn't known the counter curse, so he'd stuck to potions to neutralise its effects, and then he'd figured out to reverse them, all without knowing how the curse was cast.

 

He spends the next two weeks almost exclusively in the library, reading and brewing obsessively. He'd been looking for a spell to replicate the Dark Mark's effects before reversing them, but it's almost impossible to mimic and recreate unexplained magical theory.

 

Like with Barty, Regulus hadn't known the counter-curse to the modified cutting spell, so he'd found an alternative way to get rid of the curse with potions.

 

Tom Riddle excelled at creating magic and has always been smart, so he developed a new branch of magic to bind his followers.

 

Regulus Black excelled at potions and has always been smarter, so he develops a new type of potion to remove them.

 

 

Potion brewing to counter the Dark Mark is therapeutic, but it's also a frustrating game of trial and error. The only way to test the potion will be to take it himself, and there are no antidotes to the potions he's creating.

 

Still, he can tell by the shade of one potion that it won't be strong enough to purge the dark magic out of his body when the Dark Mark disappears. Another potion smells too strongly of asphodel to be survivable, and Regulus brews more and more potions that he deems too ineffective to work or too unsafe to risk.

 

When he needs a break from potions, his mind flicks back towards horcruxes.

 

He's sure that there's a horcrux at Hogwarts, whatever it may be, and he thinks it's a safe guess that Voldemort has chosen the diadem to be his horcrux. It's lost, supposedly, hidden for all eternity in some unknown place, but so were the rest of Voldemort's horcruxes.

 

They were never meant to be found after Voldemort had hidden them.

 

But Regulus found and destroyed them, and he will keep destroying them until no more remain.

 

He's so close.

 

If one is the snake and another is Ravenclaw's diadem, then he's only got 1 more to find. 

 

He's so close.

 

He'll get the diadem first, now that he's got a potion for his magical signature not to be found on the wards. Then he'll figure out whatever the other horcrux is, destroy that, and kill the snake when he goes to kill Voldemort.

 

He's so close.

 

 

It's early November when Regulus successfully brews a potion to get rid of the Dark Mark and solves the problem he's faced for the past two and a half years.

 

He'd spent months reading through textbooks on what spells he could use to remove the Dark Mark and Voldemort's magic from his body without losing his own in the process.

 

As it turns out, he didn't need spellwork to get rid of the Dark Mark; all he needed was the right amount of aconite to corrode the Dark Lord's connection from his body and the right balance of rosemary and chamomile to protect his magical core. Then there were the fairy wings and knotgrass to purify his blood and the moonstone to ensure that there was no trace of the ink left on his skin.

 

The hardest part was making sure that Evan and Barty could have their marks removed too, so that even if they hate Regulus when they find out he's a traitor, at least they'll have a line of protection when it comes to the Aurors. Regulus privately thinks that even without it, Barty will likely admit every murder and every wrongdoing he's ever done just to spite his father.

 

Evan left hairs when he'd come into the tent, and Barty's blood was left in the carpet that Regulus had kept in a vial, just in case.

 

So, when the potion turns lilac, Regulus adds their DNA as well as his own so it can register their magical signatures. Then he adds 3 thestral hairs to the potion, one each for himself, Evan and Barty, to act as triggers for the magic.

 

When he casts the killing curse at Voldemort, his loss of magic will be conducted through space and time through the thestral hairs, whose magical properties blur the line between life and death. Then, the potion will work remotely through Regulus, who will have the bulk of the discomfort as the one to drink the potion, as well as Evan and Barty to remove their marks.

 

And then the war will be over.

 

3 horcruxes, a killing curse and the war will be over.

 

It's the third of November; it seems fitting that he'd find a way to rid himself of the Dark Mark on Sirius' birthday, almost like a gift of his righteousness from the ghost of his brother.

 

With the potion drunk and ready to work following Voldemort's death, Regulus gets ready for the next part of his horcrux hunt.

 

He knows how to avoid Dumbledore; he knows exactly who will know where to go and that whatever it is, wherever it is, he'll find it.

 

Hogwarts is calling his name, and he'll answer tomorrow.

 

 

 
Notes:

    It's all ramping up now!!! Only 2 chapters left of pre-prologue which is wild.

    I started writing this and thought this chapter would be kind of a filler chapter for the timeline but I didn't have much to write, and then this happened lmao.

    Hope you enjoy the miserable poetry and can't wait for the comments x

Chapter 30: Chapter 26: April 1981
Summary:

    Love isn't a fight, but we all inevitably fight for love.

Notes:

    It has been almost a month since you got a post-prologue chapter, so I did have to read the last 3 chapters to remember what was going on lmao.

    The angst tag is back in business again, not that it ever really goes away for long in this fic oops.

    Next update could possibly be 2 weeks away, because I have an 8k internship report to write next week, so I won't have as much time as usual to write, so next chapter could come out in the usual 7-10 days, or you may need to wait a bit longer, but I'll give an update when I have a better estimate so thanks in advance for being patient :)))

    Can't wait for the comments!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

April 1981

 

Regulus wakes to the warmth of the sun and rolls closer into its embrace.

 

"James," he murmurs sleepily. "You're here."

 

"Hey love," James replies softly, already awake and watching him, holding onto him for no other reason than the simple notion that he wants to, and he can, so he does.

 

Regulus places delicate kisses over his neck, slowly moving to his jawline, to his lips, and James just lies there content, letting Regulus do as he pleases.

 

"I missed you," he tells his collarbone.

 

"You're gorgeous," he tells the side of his neck.

 

"The world can wait for us," he tells James, who lies with lidded eyes, staring in unhindered adoration as Regulus reverently worships his body.

 

This is what he's been missing while James has been gone, this is what he's been craving, and now that he has him, he can't hold back.

 

Regulus is soft and loving, and his thoughts are just James, James, James.

 

It's all he has. All he wants. All he needs. 

 

James. Here with Regulus. James and Regulus. Regulus and James. It's just James and Regulus.

 

"So I've been thinking about Sirius," James says out of nowhere, ruining the mood entirely, and Regulus looks up from where he was mouthing wetly at James' neck to scowl at him.

 

"Hope it wasn't while you had your tongue down my throat," he snarks back, not wanting to talk about his brother when James is right here, and they're alone, and –

 

"I think he's worried –"

 

"I don't care."

 

"And insecure –"

 

"It's a family trait."

 

And –"

 

"James are you going to keep lamenting about my brother's problems, or will you let me fuck you?" he asks sharply, and James sucks in a harsh breath and lies very, very still.

 

He's clearly thinking about it, which, while offensive, is also impressive because if James had asked him the question, Regulus would've been ready to do anything he asked.

 

Because he's a weak, weak man for James Potter.

 

James is clearly not weak as he gently pushes Regulus off him, staring at him carefully as though he's expecting a fight and then scoots to sit on the side of the bed, still watching Regulus for any sign of reaction.

 

"I think we should talk," he says, and Regulus looks up feeling oddly rejected.

 

"I don't want to talk," he says petulantly. "I don't want to do anything but stay here with you."

 

"You can stay here with me, and we can talk. How's that for a compromise?" James laughs, and Regulus scowls again.

 

James only smiles harder, and Regulus wants to curse him.

 

He wants to kiss him until he can't breathe.

 

He hates it. He craves it. He thinks he loves him for it.

 

"What's there to talk about?" he asks, trying to get the talking over as quickly as possible so they can go back to snogging. "My brother can go fuck himself, and he's not going to stop us from dating each other; what else is there to say?"

 

"Regulus please," James pleads, sounding strained. "I don't want him to be mad at me anymore," and Regulus sighs heavily, forcing himself not to roll his eyes and trying to ignore the guilt at the fact that James' turmoil is entirely his fault.

 

Because of course it is.

 

He loves James and doesn't think he could ever stop, but he still hasn't figured out why James loves him back.

 

He always was good at fucking up everything in his life and then doing the same to others when he ran out of things to lose.

 

This is how it works; he lets someone in, they inevitably leave, and then he's back to being alone again.

 

And James Potter won't follow the script. 

 

Because he's still here, and no matter what Regulus does or what he says, James still hasn't left; he knows it'll only hurt more when he inevitably does, but he still can't regret it. 

 

Regulus looks at him calculatingly and then heaves another sigh. "So you want to apologise to him?"

 

"Yes," James says, pleased that Regulus is finally understanding. "I want to apologise and discuss the problem so we can resolve it."

 

"That's your prerogative."

 

"So you don't mind then?" he replies, looking confused, and Regulus is deeply offended that James thinks he's going to control his life like Sirius is doing.

 

"It's your life, James; I'm just living in it," and then he can't help but smile softly as James softens in relief as he says, "okay, we'll go now then and –"

 

"Hang on," Regulus interrupts. "I never said anything about myself apologising."

 

"But you should."

 

"But I'm not sorry."

 

"But we hurt his feelings."

 

"I'm still not sorry."

 

"Regulus please!" James genuinely looks close to tears, and Regulus almost wants to laugh at the fact that he's literally too stressed to have sex right now because Sirius is angry with him.

 

"You are unhealthily co-dependent on my brother," he tells James seriously, who only wilts further. 

 

"I don't care," he whines. "I love you Regulus, but I still need him, and I need him to forgive me." He looks up like he's expecting Regulus to argue again, except the only thing Regulus does is suck in a sharp breath and get a ridiculously giddy feeling in his stomach at the easy way James tells him he loves him.

 

Despite his best efforts, Regulus still hasn't said it back. If he can't tell him he loves him, at least he can try and show it.

 

"So if I go talk to my brother, we can go back to this?" he confirms, gesturing and his and James' shirtless bodies and the array of bruises on his neck.

 

"If I talk to him after you and then we all apologise, then yes," James replies, seeming pleased at Regulus' compliance until –

 

"I said I would talk to him. I never said –"

 

"Regulus!"

 

"Fine!"

 

"Go talk to him."

 

"I'm going."

 

"Don't be mean, though."

 

Regulus only smiles sweetly in response. "It's like you don't even know me."

 

 

"You're making my boyfriend sad," he says without pleasantries and Sirius whirls around from where he is buttering his toast to glare at Regulus.

 

His hand tightens on the knife, and Regulus half hopes that he throws it at him so that he'll have an excuse to fight him instead of talking.

 

Sirius gently lays the knife down and turns around, leaving Regulus thoroughly disappointed, and then he gives him a piercing look.

 

"James is not your boyfriend." 

 

"Oh, for fucks sake, Sirius –"

 

"How about we –"

 

"Fuck off, Lupin," and while Sirius sits up looking affronted on Remus' behalf, Remus just laughs, gives Regulus a mocking bow and says, "always a pleasure, Regulus."

 

Regulus doesn't curse him and pretends it's through goodwill and not because he doesn't want James to give him another disapproving look when he finds out.

 

The door closes, the room is silent, and Regulus and Sirius look at each other. 

 

Regulus' face matches his mood, so it's obvious that he's beyond annoyed to be having this conversation, and Sirius' face is –

 

"Why have you been crying?" he asks bluntly. "It's my relationship you're trying to ruin, so why are you the one who's sad about it?"

 

"What a great start to your apology," Sirius replies mockingly, and any more chances of Regulus having goodwill go straight out the window.

 

"What on Earth do I have to apologise for?" he asks incredulously, the ever-present anger within him flaring up. "I'm not sorry. I already told you that, so it's you who needs to get over yourself –"

 

"Oh, so it's my fault that you're trying to steal my best friend away from me, is it?"

 

"It's your fault that you're an insecure fuck-up of a brother."

 

"I'm not insecure –"

 

"Sure you're not," Regulus says, rolling his eyes and regretting starting this conversation.

 

"I'm not!" Sirius bursts out, even though he's unable to hide the wince at Regulus' words which makes him know he's right. "This isn't about me. This is about you being a shit brother and corrupting my best friend to keep secrets from me –"

 

"Oh fuck off," Regulus shoots back, the anger only growing because this entire situation is brutally unfair, even though he understands precisely where Sirius is coming from.

 

He understands loving his brother, wanting to keep him close to him, and being scared to lose him, and he understands how Sirius can have the same sentiment towards James.

 

He understands the fear of watching his brother become a better person with James Potter and leaving behind the brother he has. 

 

He understands the fear of being forgotten about while your brother lives his best life with James Potter, and Regulus watches.

 

He understands because Sirius did the exact same thing he's accusing Regulus of the moment he set foot on the Hogwarts Express, and then never gave Regulus a second thought until he tried to do the same nine years later.

 

But the thing is, not that Regulus will never admit it; he and James' relationship had nothing to do with Sirius at all. He'll always want and always need his brother; he just wants and needs James too, in a different way.

 

And that's what Sirius doesn't see; as much as Regulus loves James, as much as he can't imagine living without him now, there's no way that either of them will forget about him.

 

Regulus loves James, always will, whatever happens, but he'll always need his brother.

 

James loves Regulus, and Regulus hopes he will always love him, but he knows without a doubt that James will always need Sirius.

 

Sirius is just being an insecure wreck in the face of their relationship announcement, which Regulus understands intimately.

 

He could empathise. He could reassure him. He could explain why he doesn't need to worry.

 

"You are an insecure, self-centred disaster who never could admit when they were wrong," he says instead, and the vitriol of his words causes Sirius to wince again. "Instead of wondering how I corrupted him, maybe you should wonder what you did to make him think he can't trust you anymore. Maybe he knew you'd be a dick when he's only ever been supportive of you. Maybe you're the problem, Sirius, not James, who is fully entitled to date who he likes –"

 

"But I don't understand why it's you!" Sirius bursts out. "James needs someone good and pure like –"

 

"You think I don't know this?" Regulus shouts back, hurt bleeding into his anger and cutting Sirius off before he can say Lily fucking Evans because he does know this. Of course he does. He knows all too well what James deserves. 

 

James needs someone who deserves him and his love and everything he has to give; Regulus knows he's none of those things, but he's still selfishly wishing he could be.

 

"This isn't your relationship Sirius, so stay out of it! James can have more than one person in his life; stop trying to control it –"

 

"I'm trying to protect him –"

 

"From me? Is this because I was a Death Eater? A Slytherin? A Black? You're not entitled to make his choices for him –"

 

"I'm just trying to look out for him –"

 

"He's an adult."

 

"He's my brother."

 

"So am I!" Regulus screams, and he hates how Sirius can undoubtedly hear the raw grief in his voice. "So am I, but I see where your fucking priorities lie," and he doesn't think it's fair that Sirius looks so shocked by his reply; just because he forgot he had a brother, it doesn't mean that Regulus did too.

 

 

"No, I didn't mean that," Sirius says, hands flailing uselessly as he tries to sort through his emotions and figure out the right words. "It's just, this was obviously an accident, wasn't it? So –"

 

Sirius thinks he should have expected the mug in the drying rack to be thrown at his head, where it shatters to pieces, just like Regulus' hold on the conversation.

 

"Oh, so it was an accident that James kissed me? Slept with me? Told me he loves me?"

 

"He wouldn't," Sirius denies immediately, refusing to accept the possibility. "James wouldn't love –" and then he cuts himself off because, oh fuck. That's exactly what James would do.

 

James is a walking, breathing heart, always giving love, especially to those who have gone so long without it, so of course he gave it to Regulus who was sad and lonely and broken. 

 

And of course Regulus let him because how could he not? It's James. Sirius knows that better than anyone.

 

He understands needing James' love to survive, and he understands loving Regulus despite everyone believing he shouldn't; it's in a different way to James of course, but it's love nonetheless. 

 

Except James does it better and makes Regulus happy in a way he hasn't been since Sirius abandoned him, because he never could love him right.

 

 

"Nothing to say now that you've realised you're in the wrong. Is it my turn to demand an apology that I actually deserve?" Regulus shoots back, staring lividly at Sirius, unwilling to back down and show his brother how much this is hurting him. Sirius literally just told him that he's not worthy to date his best friend and confirmed that he is everything he wishes he wasn't; inferior, inadequate, and never good enough. 

 

It's easier to lean into the anger and use that instead; he wants a fight, but Sirius still isn't saying anything.

 

Coward. 

 

"You were a shit friend when you started dating Lupin," he begins casually, looking at his hands, and Sirius looks up, finally, with fire in his eyes.

 

"Don't you dare talk about Remus –"

 

"Oh, I'm talking about James and how you forgot about him the moment you fucked Remus, even though you call him your best friend –"

 

"I never forgot about him!" Sirius bursts out, eyes narrowed, his entire face contorted in anger. "He's still my best friend. Our friendship has nothing to do with my relationship; they're two separate clauses –"

 

"Exactly," and he sees the moment everything clicks into place in Sirius' mind.

 

Sirius goes back to being silent, still watching him with something unidentifiable in his eyes, and Regulus watches him feeling oddly hollow to be having this conversation without Sirius fighting back.

 

He's just tired now, wishing he'd stayed in bed with James, so he doesn't need to feel like Sirius has just rejected their brotherhood.

 

Again.

 

"It took me a long time to realise that I deserve to be happy," he says eventually in the continuity of Sirius' silence. "Don't be the one to take it away from me now that I've finally found it", and then he leaves the room, hating the way he wilts inside a little at the way Sirius doesn't come after him or apologise or even call his name.

 

He leaves the room, and immediately outside waiting for him is James, and Regulus isn't a soft person usually, but he melts into him when James wraps his arms around him.

 

I don't care what you do, Sirius; you can't take this away from me. There's no way I'll ever give it up.

 

"How was –"

 

"He's being a shit brother James, but maybe he'll be a good best friend to you," and then he pulls away to seek out Evan and Barty and prepares himself to comfort James when Sirius refuses to forgive him.

 

 

Sirius can't tell if he's right or wrong as all his Regulus-related emotions get tangled up into a great, big mess.

 

He's hurt. He feels betrayed. He doesn't know why he feels like this.

 

He can't forget the hollow look on Regulus' face when all the anger had drained away, and he was more or less begging to be allowed to keep James, and he doesn't know what to do with the way every part of himself had screamed no, you can't keep him, he was mine first.

 

But before James was his, Regulus was. He doesn't know what to do with that either.

 

It's his little brother; he should help him with whatever he wants to do.

 

But he's trying to steal his best friend from him; he can't let him do that.

 

But then Regulus will find happiness, even if it's at the cost of his own; he can live with that.

 

But can Sirius live without James? He doesn't think so, and he refuses to find out.

 

"Only one broken mug, I suppose that's a good sign," Remus says, coming back into the room and slipping his arms around his waist, and Sirius can't help but lean back into him, resting his head on his shoulder.

 

"He told me James loves him," Sirius tells him sullenly, and Remus just gives him an amused look in response.

 

"Is this surprising?"

 

"It's traumatising."

 

"But expected."

 

"What part of my brother and my best friend falling in love was expected, Moony?" Sirius asks incredulously, pulling himself out of Remus' hold to turn around and face him. "They kept it a secret from me for months, and now they expect me to be fine with it?"

 

"Didn't we do the same to James?" Remus replies, and an uncomfortable feeling of culpability trickles down Sirius' spine.

 

"That was different."

 

"How?"

 

"Because I didn't want anyone to know!"

 

"Maybe they felt the same."

 

"But why would James need to hide it from me! I'm his best friend! Remus, you're supposed to be on my side!"

 

"It's because I'm on your side that I'm being honest with you," he replies, raising an eyebrow again, and Sirius frowns.

 

He doesn't want to be wrong, and he doesn't want his best friend to date his brother, and he doesn't want anything to change when it was fine the way it was.

 

He doesn't get to say anything else to Remus, though, because footsteps sound out on the stairs, and Sirius is bracing himself for another argument, but it's not Regulus standing nervously at the doorway, looking as though this fight is the reason he can't find inner peace.

 

It's James. His best friend. Who he's lost to his brother.

 

"Hey."

 

"Brotherfucker."

 

"Best friend," and Sirius' furious stance wilts slightly in the face of James' love.

 

"Oh, don't do that," he says immediately. "I'm still pissed at you."

 

"Why?" James asks, his whole body drooping in the face of his disappointment, and all Sirius can think about is how two people so different fell in love.

 

He just spent the past 20 minutes yelling at his brother, who gave back as good as he got, and James can't even deal with his change of tone.

 

He doesn't understand his brother anymore and doesn't know him like he used to, but he knows James. He knows he'll tell him the truth.

 

"What do you mean why?" he bursts out. "You're dating my brother, expecting me to be okay with it! And you kept it a secret for months! A secret from me, your best friend who you tell everything, and I tell you everything in return!"

 

"If I'd told you when I first had a crush, would you have made us stop?" James asks, and Sirius sputters over his words at first because what kind of a question is that? 

 

"Of course I would have!" and he's ready to go on a tangent about all the injustices of the situation when James cuts him off.

 

"See, that's why I didn't tell you", he says anxiously before he looks Sirius in the eye and says unrepentantly, "I didn't want to stop."

 

He doesn't know why that seems to almost punch the breath out of him, the fact that James was willing to take all of his anger, the one thing he hates and tries to avoid, but he chose it anyways just so he could keep Regulus.

 

He thinks of what would have happened if someone had tried to keep him from Remus and thinks he understands where James is coming from, but then he forces that thought from his head.

 

This isn't okay,  he reminds himself. You need to be angry.

 

"Regulus says you love him," he says sharply, waiting for his denial, but instead, James' whole face softens, and Sirius feels his stomach drop because he can tell there's no going back for him.

 

He has stars in his eyes.

 

"Oh, I do, he's lovely," and he hates how the look on James' face is the same as when Sirius looks at Remus, like he's something precious, like he's divinity, like he'll never let him go.

 

"He's it for you, isn't he?" he sighs, and James looks delighted at the prospect.

 

"It's only been 3 months, but I think he could be," and Sirius still doesn't know why his best friend has just told him he may have found his soulmate, and he's still not happy for him.

 

"Only 3 months," he mutters instead, but James hears him and turns his wounded expression on him and Sirius wilts again.

 

"Stop looking at me like that."

 

"I don't want you to be mad at me –"

 

"And I don't want you to date my brother."

 

"Do you not want me to date Regulus, or do you not want Regulus to date me?" James asks carefully, and Sirius huffs out a bitter laugh because that's the question, isn't it? 

 

"Both. Neither. I don't know," he whines and then he squeezes his eyes shut and goes with the raw, honest truth. "I don't want him to take you away from me. I don't want to lose either of you, and I don't want to be left behind while you go on and live your life together," and James just laughs like he can't believe the words that just came out of his mouth.

 

"Not possible," he says without hesitation. "We couldn't leave you behind even if we tried. I'll always need you, and so will Regulus, even if he doesn't say it. Neither you nor Remus took each other away from me when you started dating, so why would we do the same to you?"

 

The words reassure him slightly, but not as much as he'd been hoping for.

 

"It's not you that I'm worried about," he says eventually because that's the worst truth, really.

 

James wasn't ever really the one he had to forgive because there wasn't anything to forgive. Maybe he was hurt by the secrets and omissions, maybe he wishes James had told him, but he's more upset with himself because James didn't think he could tell him. Because James wouldn't know dishonesty if it hit him in the face. Because everything James does, he does for the better of everyone. Because James would never set out to hurt Sirius, and it's obvious since this is who he becomes in the aftermath.

 

James only wanted to follow the boy he loved; he didn't want to hurt Sirius. Everything James does, he does with good intentions; James was only an outlet for Sirius' anger, but he was never the source of it.

 

But Regulus. 

 

Well.

 

Sirius doesn't really know Regulus anymore. 

 

He knows the worst of him and the ghost of him and nothing in-between. He knows he's a murderer who joined the Death Eaters for the cause, and he still doesn't know why he came out of it. He knows he wants to kill Dumbledore for hurting James, and Sirius is only helping him so he can protect him. He knows he had a lisp when he was six, and he'd never face the wall when he slept.

 

Sirius knows he's a murderer. He knows how to calm him down after his night terrors. He doesn't know his favourite colour. He doesn't know what he likes to do. He doesn't know why he decided to date his best friend. He doesn't know what his motivations are.

 

"Sometimes, I think you still look at Regulus and see him as the fifteen-year-old who left you alone in this house," James says carefully, jolting Sirius out of his thoughts, and god, the pain he feels of that statement is the same as the pain of waking up after hours of torture and knowing his brother did nothing but watch. "He's not fifteen anymore," James finishes, and Sirius sighs a little but doesn't say anything.

 

"I'm sorry for keeping secrets and hurting you," James says honestly, clearly building up to something as he follows up with a resolute, "I'm not sorry for loving him, though." 

 

Sirius sighs again because, see, this is James. Everything he does, he does with good intentions, with all of his heart and all of the love within him.

 

And right now, he's not his brother's boyfriend. He's his best friend begging for forgiveness. And it's not like there was a chance Sirius would have ever been able to refuse him.

 

"I know," he huffs out, reaching out a hand. "I'm not mad at you, James, not anymore," and he can't help but smile slightly at the way James' whole body softens in relief and then there's his best friend, right in front of him, holding him and squeezing him and loving him, because he's not going anywhere. 

 

Whatever happens with James and Regulus, there was Sirius and James first, and there will always be Sirius and James.

 

 

"I hate my brother" is the first thing Regulus says into the cushion in the library, and Barty instantly perks up.

 

"Can we curse him for you?" 

 

"No."

 

A disappointed sigh, then, "so you don't actually hate him. What a shame."

 

"I do hate him –"

 

"So let us curse him –"

 

"Don't you fucking touch him, Barty," and Barty and Evan laugh, and Regulus gives them the finger.

 

"I take it he's still not supportive of your relationship, then?" Evan asks, and Regulus scowls again, which gives his answer. "He thinks I've corrupted James, and I should've told him sooner."

 

"When he reacted like this?" Evan asks incredulously. "How can he not see why you didn't want to tell him?"

 

"That's what I said!" Regulus bursts out, relief thrumming through his veins at finally being understood.

 

"I still think –"

 

"I'll curse you if you try, Barty."

 

"You're always so boring with your brother; falling in love with Potter has only made you worse."  

 

Regulus knows that was a joke, and he knows Barty didn't mean it, but he can't help the blush that colours his cheeks and the soft smile that makes its way onto his face before he hides his face in his hands.

 

Barty and Evan both stare at him in shock.

 

"You love him," Barty says incredulously, and Regulus only blushes harder, futilely shaking his head. "Oh, you do; I can't believe it.

 

"I should tell him about all of the times you cursed him out in the dorm room for stealing your brother –"

 

"Don't you dare."

 

"No, that's a good idea, actually, shocking some sense into your brother."

 

"Barty! I told you not to curse him."

 

"No cursing, I'll just put him in his place.

 

"Don't –"

 

"Do –"

 

"I'll go first," Evan says, ignoring Barty's protests. "And if I can't get through to him, then you can have a turn."

 

"Hang on –"

 

"Sit tight, Barty, go hear about Regulus' new love," and Regulus blushes again while Barty howls with laughter.

 

"Took you long enough to move on from me, didn't it?"

 

"I hope you keel over and die."

 

 

Sirius doesn't know who to expect the next visitor to be, probably Remus coming back with coffee or Regulus coming to fight with him some more, but he thinks the last person on the list of Regulus Black and James Potter's relationship defenders is Evan Rosier, who looks at James, tells him to "shut up or fuck off" and then stares at Sirius without saying a word.

 

"What's Regulus been saying about me then?" he says bitterly, figuring its easiest to get this over with as quickly as possible because Regulus has undoubtedly been complaining to his friends like Sirius did to Remus – 

 

"That you're homophobic."

 

"That I'm what?"  he exclaims, because out of everything he was expecting Evan to say, it wasn't that.

 

"You're not supporting his relationship with a man; that's homophobic," and Evan looks wryly amused at how Sirius is flailing around, trying to find an explanation.

 

"I have a boyfriend, Rosier", is the first thing he says, and Evan only raises his eyebrows, still cruelly amused. "I don't care that my brother and best friend want to date because they're boys," he tries next. "The problem is, well, Regulus –"

 

The moment Sirius brings up Regulus in a negative light, all of the mirth drains out of Evan's eyes, and Sirius imagines his facial expression is very similar to his Death Eater face.

 

No smile. No reassurance. No emotion other than an obvious wish to murder him.

 

Sirius is trying to figure out whether he needs to go for his wand to not, and he's bracing himself for whichever curses or threats or whatever ex-Death Eaters use for intimidating tactics, but once again, he's not expecting the first thing he says to be a sharp "you know your brother loves you, right?" 

 

Every sharp word or defence mechanism freezes on his tongue as he takes a minute to process Evan's comment.

 

"He hasn't told me that since he was 11, so I really wouldn't know," Sirius replies pointedly, ignoring the myriad of answers in his head.

 

Yes. No. Does he really? Are you sure? Do I know that? I don't know if I do. What if I ask him, and he says no?

 

Evan doesn't actually seem to care about his answer, only mutters an exasperated "fuck, you're both the same" and moves on.

 

"I don't like you, Black. You're a shit brother with blatant prejudice, and it takes everything in me not to punch you in the face most days –"

 

"Charming."

 

"However, Reg, for some unknown and idiotic reason, still values your opinion. And now he thinks you hate him, and he's going to leave –"

 

"He can't leave; he's my brother –" Sirius blurts out without thinking, but it seems to be precisely what Evan was looking for as his expression turns sharp and dangerous.

 

"Then fucking act like it before you push him away. Again."

 

Sirius doesn't know what part of that sentence hurts more. The fact he's not loving his brother right. The fact that he might leave because of it. Or the fact that this has already happened before.

 

"What would you know about it, Rosier?" He says, slightly more subdued than before, and Evan smiles darkly, knowing he's getting through to him and, more importantly, that he's hurting him. Sirius hates it and needs to find a way to gain the upper ground in this conversation.

 

"I was there to help pick up the pieces the first time it happened, and while I'd do it again, I don't want the situation to reoccur. If you care about your brother then fucking act like it. There's no point making two people suffer when they're happier together; you're only hurting them both –"

 

"Are you sure this isn't self-projecting, Rosier," Sirius cuts in smugly, raising an eyebrow, and he relishes the way Evan blanches before his face contorts in anger.

 

"This isn't about Barty and me; this is about your brother –"

 

"Funny, I never mentioned Crouch by name. But it could be about you two, couldn't it?" Sirius argues cruelly. "I see how you look at each other and how you always push him away. There's no point in making two people suffer when they're happier together, was it? How are you lecturing me for doing the exact same thing you're doing?"

 

Sirius gives Evan a pleased smirk, daring him to speak up and tell him he's wrong, and he's pleased to see that Evan's face is carefully blank, as though he's hiding exactly how much he's hurting. Either that, or he's about to snap and kill Sirius, and he's tempted to go with the latter as he sees Evan's hand go towards his wand before he deliberately holds it flat against his thigh.

 

"If I hadn't promised Reg not to curse you, you'd be dead –"

 

"Sounds awfully like an admission of guilt to me, Rosier."

 

"I won't be the guilty one when he leaves you again, and I go with him, and all you do is watch."

 

Then he walks out of the room, leaving Sirius standing in place, thinking about how much he loves his brother and how he can never get it right.

 

 

Regulus finds it oddly nostalgic to talk about his crushes with Barty. He's hating every minute of it, hating the way Barty still knows all of the questions to ask to make him blush while he laughs hysterically and berates him harshly for loving a Potter, but he almost manages to forget about the absolute shit show that's undoubtedly waiting for him when he goes downstairs.

 

"Do you think your parents would be more disappointed that you killed the Dark Lord or fell in love with a Potter?" Barty asks, and Regulus laughs again.

 

"Oh, it'll be because of James for sure", he replies, pure amusement in his expression, before it slips into something darker as he adds, "they're the same as Sirius, really."

 

"Your brother is a piece of shit," Barty tells him, his opinion of him unchanged after all this time, and even though Regulus privately agrees, his protective instincts are out before he can hide them. 

 

"Don't say a word about my brother."

 

"Tell me I'm wrong then."

 

"You're wrong."

 

"Liar."

 

"Bastard."

 

"Bitch."

 

They're pulled out of their ridiculous squabbling as Evan storms into the room oddly subdued, and he's not ranting about Sirius, which is already a bad sign.

 

Something happened down there that's affected Evan's unruffled nature, and it's undoubtedly because of Sirius; there was no yelling, but they evidently talked about something.

 

Regulus sits up a little straighter and watches Evan carefully, who ignores him entirely as he looks at Barty and says, "go fuck him up."

 

Regulus' heart drops, because he knows all too well what Barty gets like when Sirius hurts someone he loves.

 

"Do not," he says threateningly, shoving Barty, who has his murderous-revenge look, back onto the couch and glaring at Evan.

 

"Stay here, the both of you. I'll sort him out", and then he walks out the room, determined to either make Sirius accept their relationship or realise that even if he hates it, they're going to do it anyways.

 

He hopes Sirius is in the mood for a fight because he's going to get one.

 

 

When Regulus finds Sirius in the sitting room, the first thing he notices is James. Happy. Sitting next to Sirius. Who is also happy.

 

"You have got to be fucking kidding me", he snarls, purposefully ignoring the way James' face lights up at the sight of him and glaring at Sirius instead.

 

"What do you want, Reggie? I'm sick of arguing now," and all Regulus can think is fucking typical.

 

"You only don't want to argue because you've realised you're wrong –"

 

"I'm not."

 

"But you've forgiven James."

 

"Obviously."

 

"But not me."

 

"Obviously not."

 

"Are you even hearing yourself, Sirius? We both did the same thing in the same relationship, and now you're just choosing to be difficult."

 

"I didn't forgive James because I support your relationship, I forgave him because I literally can't stay angry with him –"

 

"Oh, but it's easy with me, is it?"

 

"Yes!" Sirius bursts out, finally, finally, leaning into the fight that Regulus has been waiting for. "I've been angry with you for the past 9 years, Regulus!" and that hurts more than anything else he's said all day because all Regulus has done for the past 9 years is try and make his brother proud of him.

 

Trying, trying, trying.

 

Always trying.

 

Always failing.

 

"Then leave," he hisses. "You've always been good at that, haven't you?"

 

"Oh, don't even try with that; I'm not leaving. I'm staying at least until this whole business with Dumbledore is out of the way, so you don't kill yourself in the process and –"

 

"You're not coming with me anywhere," he protests immediately, because, no. This was never an option.

 

Regulus works alone, and he fights alone. The entire reason he does it alone is so that nobody else gets hurt in the process; he's learnt that the hard way, and while sacrifices are inevitable, Regulus wouldn't hesitate to save his brother at the cost of the world. 

 

"You're not fighting him alone."

 

"I am, and you're not coming with me."

 

"You can't stop me, Reggie."

 

"I fucking will."

 

"Will not."

 

"Will."

 

"Will not."

 

"Will."

 

"You will not! You haven't got a clue about how war works, Sirius; you were just a pawn for the light. You just went where you were told and did what you thought was right, and it all counted for nothing! I'm the one who knows how to fight and how to plan and how to protect myself –"

 

"Oh, so it's all about you, is it?"

 

"Are you even listening to me?"

 

"I'm hearing you perfectly!" Sirius yells back. "You won the war, you think you deserve everything, and you can just take and take and take because you're an entitled little shit. You got everything you wanted, and some of us had friends we lost and sacrifices we made, but you can't even admit the truth –"

 

All of the windows in the room shatter as the rage and the hurt and the fucking guilt explodes out of him in a burst of accidental magic.

 

At least it finally, finally shuts Sirius up.

 

"You want the truth Sirius?" he says quietly, and he's relishing in the way that Sirius' eyes widen at his deadly tone of voice, obviously realising that he's crossed some invisible line, but it's too late now. 

 

"Reggie –"

 

"No, you asked Sirius," he replies, feeling slightly unhinged. "You want the truth? You really want to know all of the evil heartless parts of me? You want to see the privilege I have of being a war hero? Have the fucking truth!" and then he reaches into the mokeskin pouch around his neck and slams eight vials, each one filled with the pearly sheen of a memory, onto the table between them.

 

"I may have won the war, Sirius, but you can't watch those and tell me I don't know what it is to lose."

 
Notes:

    FUCKING BRACE YOURSELVES BESTIES xx

    It started off so sweet :((((

Chapter 31: An Interlude of Memories
Summary:

    The price you pay to win a war (the regrets you have when it's all over)

Notes:

    DON'T READ THE ENDNOTES BEFORE THE CHAPTER BECAUSE THERE'S SPOILERS!!!!!!!

    This chapter is my ✨magnum opus✨ and I don't think I'll ever write a plotline better than this fic with the memory interlude.

    Also the same TW as stated in the first chapter for the entire fic applies, but I think this chapter talks about depression and suicidal thoughts a bit more than most of the others? And there's also a bit where Regulus basically says he's depressed because he's too weak to deal with his emotions properly which IS NOT TRUE AND NOT HOW DEPRESSION WORKS!!! IT'S A MENTAL ILLNESS, NOT A SIGN OF WEAKNESS!!! If you think I've phrased any parts of it poorly though or if there's a better way to phrase certain things then just let me know and I'll do my best to understand the difference and change it :)))

    Enjoy the emotional whiplash; it's not all sad despite what I said in the last chapter and some of it is actually funny which is character development for me I suppose!!

    I'm so excited for the comments and reactions!!!

    Update will probably be out by next Sunday so only a week to wait :)

    EDIT: Okay next chapter will be up either tomorrow (Monday) or Tuesday- in the editing stage now

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

1 June 1978

 

Sirius is three years old, the first time he feels an intrinsic need to protect.

 

It's his earliest memory, watching his baby brother in his crib, crying, crying, crying. Their parents have put a silencing spell over their room so they can sleep uninterrupted, but Sirius can't just go to bed and ignore him, not when it's his little brother asking for help and needing him.

 

Regulus doesn't ask Sirius to stay with him, he can't even talk yet, but Sirius stays anyways because that's what big brothers do. 

 

They protect.

 

When Regulus is six years old and locked in the punishment cupboard for the first time, Sirius squeezes inside with him even though he knows he'll only be locked in longer when his parents find out what he's done.

 

When Regulus is eight years old, he refuses to eat his dinner because he wants to be vegetarian now, but there's steak on his plate. His parents are telling him to eat, threatening to curse him, and it's instinctive how Sirius pushes Regulus behind him, standing as a human shield between his brother and his parents.

 

The pattern continues throughout their childhood until Regulus turns eleven, joins Slytherin, shuns Sirius and becomes a Death Eater. Sometimes, Sirius wonders if his brother ever truly needed him and if he ever will again.

 

If he does, he doesn't think he'd really know what to do anymore.

 

As it turns out, you never really lose the knack, and the desperate need to protect and keep safe has always been residing within him, waiting, waiting, waiting. Sirius doesn't know what moment he'd been waiting for, but he thinks it's now as his little brother appears in the middle of the flat, dripping wet, covered in blood and barely breathing.

 

Yeah, the need to protect never really goes away.

 

 

Sirius hasn't talked to his brother in months, hasn't spoken more than two sentences to him since he ran away almost two years ago, and now he's here.

 

In his house.

 

Bleeding out.

 

His brother. Here. Dying.

 

Bleeding out.

 

Dying.

 

His brother.

 

"Reggie, what the fuck have you done?" he hisses. He's hoping for reassurance that he's okay, a sharp hate-filled word, fuck, he'd even take a curse right now, but he gets none of that, and Regulus continues to lie at his feet like a corpse.

 

Sirius vanishes Regulus' robes and jumper, which are drenched in water and blood, and sucks in a sharp breath of horror as he sees Regulus' chest, which is more red than white.

 

Sirius has seen Remus after a full moon every month for over seven years. He's helped treat him for some of the worst ones, especially after they left school and had to stop the bleeding best they could until Lily got there and could heal him with all her fancy charmswork, but Remus has never come close to looking like Regulus does, which after further inspection, is littered with claw marks across his entire body.

 

They're not from a werewolf, the scratches are too small, but it's still some undoubtedly violent creature.

 

"Reggie, what the fuck have you done?"  he repeats desperately, and Regulus replies by throwing up an unfathomable amount of water onto the carpet, his eyes unfocused and entire body trembling, but he still manages to slur out a choked "Sirius" before he throws up again.

 

Sirius can't help but panic, even as he begins to vanish the blood covering Regulus' skin and starts healing the cuts best he can; it's a bit messy, and they're going to scar like Remus' do, but he'll live.

 

He'll live.

 

When Regulus is quiet, it is awful because Sirius' entire monologue is shit. Is he dead? Let me check his pulse. What do I do? Am I doing enough? Please let this be enough.

 

When Regulus is awake, it's almost worse because it sounds like he's dying.

 

"Stop. No. Sirius. No, stop, stop! Hurts, don't," and then he screams, and Sirius heals his brother far quicker and far more fretfully than before.

 

"It's okay, Reggie, I'll fix it," he murmurs, and Regulus' eyes spin around in his head uselessly before they widen in shock.

 

"Sirius", he murmurs, smiling delightedly. "I knew it was you in the water," and Sirius gets panicked goosebumps as he thinks what the fuck were you doing in the water?

 

Regulus throws up again in answer to Sirius' unasked question, and Sirius nearly throws up himself when he sees the dark green and glittering colour of his vomit.

 

"Reggie, what have you drunk? Did someone drug you? Did you drug yourself? What does the potion do –"

 

Regulus screams like he's been possessed and tries to roll over and sob into the carpet, except he's too weak to manage it.

 

"Hurts. Hurts. I need water. Where's the water. Please. Please water. Stop. Stop. No!" 

 

Sirius has never known fear like this. He's seen death, and he's seen suffering, but he's never had someone's life rest in his hands.

 

And it's his brother, it's Reggie. It's not someone he can afford to lose.

 

"Water, I'll get water. You need to sit up if you want water", he says, but Regulus just fixes an intense stare on nothing and then twitches away from it in fright.

 

"No more hands," he moans. "I need water." 

 

Sirius accioes a glass of water, sits Regulus against the couch and tries to tip it into his mouth, but Regulus panics the moment it happens. He flops into Sirius, spitting out the water and then choking on the taste of it as he cries again.

 

"No more water, no more, help me, no more, Sirius, please!" and Sirius immediately starts crying at the fact that Regulus doesn't know where he is or what's going on, but he's still got his basic instincts too.

 

Regulus needs Sirius to protect him, so Sirius does.

 

"No more water, Reggie. No more hands. It's just me and you, just Sirius and Regulus, okay? It's just you and me." Regulus keeps crying and keeps asking for water and keeps panicking when he gets it, so Sirius just sits there with him and protects.

 

His cuts are healed, he's not going to die, and Sirius needs to wait for the potion to work its way out of his system before he gives him anything else.

 

After 7 hours, Regulus looks as exhausted as Sirius feels and seems to be alternating between drifting off to sleep, jolting in pain and being stuck in whatever the hangover equivalent is for a green sparkly torture potion, so Sirius assumes that enough of the potion has left his system for it to be safe to add other ones.

 

"Drink this, Reggie," he murmurs, slowly tipping the pain potion and a blood replenisher down his throat and following it up with a calming draught that makes the hallucinations disappear. Regulus also stops sobbing, so Sirius counts it as a win.

 

Regulus isn't asleep yet, but he's still not doing anything. He's just staring lifelessly at nothing, probably reliving whatever just happened, so Sirius summons a pair of his clothes from his wardrobe and helps Regulus put them on.

 

"What did you do, Reggie?" he murmurs, still not exactly expecting an answer because Regulus barely seems to be responding to light, let alone sound, but Regulus does answer in the most detached yet chilling voice possible with quite possibly the worst thing Sirius will ever hear in his life.

 

"Inferi tried to drown me in the cave but Kreacher sent me here instead." 

 

Sirius just, takes a minute to process that and decides to go for the easier part of that sentence instead.

 

"Do not tell me that that god-forsaken elf is going to be coming here too", he says, only half joking but still trying to inject some humour into what is a very sombre and alarming situation. Still, he thinks the last thing he was expecting is for Regulus to start hysterically crying, his breathing worse than when he first came here and was still drowning, and Sirius blanches.

 

"Fuck, no, bad joke was it?" He blurts out, hating the way his brother isn't moving except to shake his entire body with sobs over the fact Kreacher isn't coming to the flat? "Reggie, don't it's, he, he can come here if you want, if he wants –"

 

"Dead," he chokes out before crying harder, and Sirius can see that it's not just grief in Regulus' eyes.

 

It's guilt.

 

"He sent you here. That's how you got through the wards; he took your place," and Regulus does some odd combination of nodding and shaking his head at the same time while also choking on the force of his sobs, and Sirius sighs and decides that everything can wait a few more hours.

 

"Drink this, Reggie", he murmurs, holding the vial of dreamless sleep to his lips. Regulus takes it obediently and mercifully stops crying, starts breathing normally and goes to sleep, leaving Sirius to stare at him in shock and wonder what just happened.

 

Because that's his brother on the couch in his living room whose life he just saved because he'd been drowning in a lake filled with inferi.

 

He doesn't think he'll make sense of any of that on his own and needs to wait for Regulus to wake before he presses him for answers again. After Sirius has cleaned the blood off the floor and gotten the smell of bile out of the room, he casts a charm that shows Regulus' mercifully constant heartbeat. Then he sits on the armchair opposite the sofa and watches his brother.

 

He can't quite tell if it's convenient or not that Regulus came on a day when Remus was out on a werewolf mission for Dumbledore and James and Peter were both with their families because he doesn't know what they'd do with the entire Death Eater sleeping on his couch situation.

 

He knows James would be compassionate, even if the extent of his compassion bordered on recklessness, but Mary would take an instant dislike to him that Regulus would undoubtedly share, so it's for the best that they didn't meet.

 

He wonders what he'll do when he wakes up.

 

He creeps forwards and rolls up Regulus' sleeve again, staring at the Dark Mark tarnishing his forearm before he rolls it back down again and wonders how they got here.

 

Wonders why they're here.

 

Fuck, it's a mess. Regulus is only sixteen, and he's just been sent on some Death Eater mission where he nearly died? 

 

He can't decide if he hates Voldemort more for sending Regulus to die or if he hates Regulus more for joining Voldemort in the first place.

 

He needs Regulus to wake up.

 

 

It takes almost a day.

 

Almost a day of Regulus sleeping and of Sirius checking that Regulus is, in fact, sleeping and isn't dead before he actually moves.

 

Sirius sees the moment Regulus starts to wake, as he jolts up, sucking in a sharp breath and flicking his eyes around in panic before they settle on Sirius.

 

Sirius is relieved. He's awake, thank fuck he's awake, and Regulus is –

 

"Sirius!" he blurts out in shock before anger overtakes his features and he looks around at his scarred and bruised but still alive body. "What have you done to me?" he hisses, and he's more furious than Sirius has ever seen him.

 

Sirius always knew he was vain, but he doesn't think this is the right reaction. "Oh, I'm so sorry that I kept you alive at the cost of a few scars; stop being dramatic. You can glamour them, you can see if there's a treatment for them, you can –"

 

"I'm not talking about the scars; I'm asking why you saved my fucking life!" Regulus shouts out and Sirius looks at him in horror.

 

"You wanted to die? Your boss sends you on a suicide mission, and now you're upset he'll be disappointed in you?" he scoffs even as his heart clenches at the prospect of his brother dying. But how can he be so willing to die for the Death Eaters? It's awful. It doesn't seem like his brother. Sirius would never –

 

"The Dark Lord didn't know what I was doing," Regulus says quietly, and Sirius looks up at this, all other thoughts in his head erased.

 

"So you have a new hobby of swimming in inferi lakes -?" Regulus lets out a genuine sound of frustration and glares at Sirius.

 

Sirius glares back because fuck, he had forgotten how infuriating his brother can be.

 

"I betrayed Voldemort, and the locket is a part of his soul," Regulus says dully, and Sirius just, can't compute.

 

"You did what!" he exclaims, and Regulus stares at him emotionlessly.

 

"I need to go," he says. "I need to go. It's not safe to be with you."

 

"No, Reggie, you can't go anywhere, what if Voldemort comes looking for you –"

 

"I can protect myself."

 

"No, stay here with me, or talk to Dumbledore –"

 

"If my choice is between the inferi and Dumbledore, I will pick the inferi one thousand times over", he hisses furiously, and Sirius decides the best thing to do is just change the conversation.

 

"I don't want you to leave" is what he goes for, honesty being the easiest thing to lean on right now and not above guilt-tripping to achieve what he wants. "You can stay if you want."

 

Regulus just swallows heavily and says, "I'll keep it in mind," before he seems to war with himself and says, "I love you, Sirius."

 

Sirius only laughs. "You must have really thought you were going to die," but Regulus doesn't laugh as he points his wand at Sirius, some spell on his lips that Sirius is bracing for but Regulus…

 

Doesn't say anything?

 

"Fuck”, Regulus mutters, his eyes showing panic, then anger, then desperation, then nothing. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck." 

 

He glares at Sirius and takes on an almost pleading tone. "I need you to give me your memory of this entire time, and I'll give it back when the war is over. No one can know, especially not if you get caught; they'll kill and torture you before I can get to you. You have to give it to me," and Sirius looks at him incredulously.

 

"It's my memory," he says. "I'm not going to give it to you because it's mine."

 

"If the Death Eaters capture you and see that memory, they'll kill you."

 

"I just won't get caught," he says smiling sunnily, even if it's not exactly something he can control, but he's a good dueller, he knows how to fight –

 

"They'd kill me too", Regulus says emotionlessly, and Sirius' humour drains away at once. 

 

"Reggie, don't say that –"

 

"They'd see that I'd betrayed the Dark Lord, and they wouldn't stop until they'd found me, and I'd be lucky to die straight away."

 

"Reggie, stop."

 

"They'd torture me, bring me to the brink of Death just to bring me back to life and do it all over again."

 

"Regulus!"

 

"They'd find your friends too. Kill them one by one. Maybe even make you watch because this is Voldemort's biggest secret, and it'd be all your fault if they died –"

 

"Okay. Fuck. Stop, I'll do it", Sirius says in a mixture of horror and panic, hating the way that he can understand exactly where his brother is coming from.

 

"What if the Order catches you though?" he asks, needing to know what Regulus thinks his side could do, but Regulus only looks offended. 

 

"They would never," he bites out in his best pureblood voice before his face softens, seemingly involuntarily. "If they did, they wouldn't kill me, and they wouldn't torture me much. I'd just wait until you came along to give you back this memory."

 

"Don't die, be safe," he blurts out, and Regulus' gaze softens again before his barriers go back up.

 

"It's a war, Sirius."

 

"If you ever need me, you can come back here, okay? I've put you in the wards, and I'm home alone on Tuesday mornings and Thursday evenings; any other time, there's a chance someone else will be here, but don't worry about that. Just show me the memory, and I'll remember, and then I can give it back again. And please don't kill my friends."

 

Regulus seems younger than sixteen at this moment, still tired from the potion, covered in scars, and staring at Sirius looking so, so sad.

 

"I won't kill your friends Sirius. Now give me the memory."

 

"Come back if you need me, and if you've stopped following Voldemort, then that's good. That's really good, Reggie."

 

"The memory," Regulus repeats, holding over an empty vial and looking at Sirius expectantly. His shields are up, and Sirius knows this is hurting them both.

 

But it's a war that they're on two different sides of, and their brotherhood isn't a bridge across the chasm between them but rather a secret tunnel that only Regulus will know how to find.

 

"I love you and I'm proud of you, okay?" he tells Regulus before he removes the memory. "Even when I forget this, make sure that you don't."

 

 

April 1981

 

Sirius pulls his head out of the pensive and looks at Regulus in horror. Then he looks with blatant fear at the remaining seven vials on the table.

 

"Inferi –" 

 

Regulus doesn't let him talk, doesn't let either of them back out now. He only grips James' hand tighter and hands Sirius the next vial.

 

"This one next."

 

Sirius glances at it in trepidation before pouring it into the pensive and diving in.

 

 

10 January 1979

 

The 10th of January turns out to be one of the most awful and emotional days of Regulus' life.

 

His parents are dead, it's his fault, and his brother is in danger. He supposes the rest of the wizarding world is too, but he doesn't really give a shit about them.

 

He needs a way to ensure that people find out that Pettigrew is a spy because what if there are wards around everyone's house that prevent his letters from arriving? What if someone intercepts it? What if Dumbledore gets his letter and just doesn't do anything.

 

He needs someone close enough to the situation to be able to help if the letters aren't received but isn't so far removed that they won't help at all.

 

Plus, Regulus needs someone too.

 

He disapparates and comes to a small cottage at the edge of a larger estate in Stanhope, but before he can work up the nerve to knock on the lavender-coloured door, it opens, revealing Pandora Lestrange on the other side.

 

"Hello, Reg," she says dreamily, wrapping him in a hug. "I thought you might be coming by, so I made biscuits; I think you could do with something sweet." 

 

He can't help himself as he leans forwards into her arms, deflating in relief because now that he's here under the ferns and helping her water her monsteras, he can pretend there's no war on and that he's not fighting.

 

"The nargles are still there, but I see you've gotten rid of the wrackspurts at last," she says happily, pulling him inside and sitting him on the couch. Regulus tries to figure out what she's talking about, doesn't manage it, and just takes the cup of tea, instinctively relaxing at the familiar jasmine smell.

 

"You've got some new plants," he says, which isn't what he was planning to say at all, but Pandora doesn't seem to mind as she picks up some cactus-fern hybrid and hands it to him. The plant was looking rather droopy and neglected before, but it perks up the moment Pandora dumps it in his lap.

 

"It likes me," he murmurs to himself, feeling inexplicably pleased;

 

"Yes, I knew it would", Pandora replies carelessly. "They thrive on sadness and negativity, after all," and Regulus dislikes the plant immediately. He scowls at it and the plant grows taller.

 

"I suppose it wasn't a good day then if this is how Briar is reacting," and Regulus tries to remember what they were talking about.

 

"Who?"

 

"Briar, she's a cross between a San Pedro Cactus and a Mayflower. She likes your energy."

 

"Well, I don't like her," Regulus repeats, and the plant produces two new leaves.

 

Pandora sighs at him, scoots closer and lets him rest his head on her shoulder. "What happened today?" she asks quietly, and Regulus closes his eyes and tells her.

 

He could almost pretend it wasn't real as he keeps his eyes shut, if it weren't for the vivid memories that flicker over his eyelids. 

 

He tells her everything.

 

He talks about getting the mark and the cave, how he didn't come back to school, and how he's been hunting horcruxes.

 

Talks about finding the locket and the ring and how there are probably another five horcruxes out there, and how it all seems hopeless.

 

Talks about missing his friends.

 

Talks about finding Pettigrew this morning, finding out he was a traitor, and that he was going to endanger his brother by existing.

 

Talks about how his parents wanted to bring Sirius back into the family even though Regulus took his place first, except now everyone thinks he's dead.

 

He gets as far as telling Pandora he went home until his throat closes up again, and he can't finish the sentence, but she somehow already knows.

 

 "I could sense the wrackspurts were gone; you seem so much more free," and Regulus doesn't know how she can say something like that when he feels the burden of his parent's blood on his hands like a boulder on his chest.

 

When he opens his eyes at the end of his recount, Briar has grown another 6 centimetres and has bloomed 2 flowers.

 

"I hate your plant," he tells Pandora seriously, and she frowns at him as much as she ever does.

 

"No you don't. Now drink your tea Regulus."

 

Regulus does.

 

He doesn't want to drag Pandora into this, but he doesn't see any other way. At least this can be done anonymously if it has to; she'll find a way. She's going back to Hogwarts in two days for the spring term after all, so she'll be able to get students to send letters to their parents if she has to.

 

"I need a favour," he says, already wincing, but Pandora still looks wholly unimpressed by his stress. 

 

"You won't need me, as it turns out, but tell me anyways. It will make you feel better," and Regulus still can't decide if he loves or hates her seer powers.

 

"I've sent out four letters, one to Sirius, Lupin, Potter and Dumbledore –"

 

"Yes, I'll make sure the world knows Peter is the traitor", she interrupts delicately. "But as I said, your letters will do enough; they'll bring around breaking as well as the beginning of healing." Regulus just nods, reassured that Pandora will do as he's asked, even if he's not entirely sure how she'll do it.

 

"I suppose you'll go see Sirius after this, then?" she asks from where her head is now resting in Regulus' lap, and he almost tips her off the sofa as his entire body stiffens, first in surprise, and then in a poor attempt at anger to cover the yearning.

 

"No, I will not", he says firmly, even though he wants to. Oh, how he wants to; he has questions to ask.

 

Do you hate me now, or do you still love me? Do you miss me? I miss you. I don't want to fight anymore. 

 

"But you will," Pandora replies simply. "You're worried about his safety after becoming heir, and you want to check that he got the letter, so you'll go anyway."

 

"You don't even know that I made him my heir," Regulus mutters, but Pandora just looks at him and says, "I know you. And I know you would have made him your heir, and I know his safety is only half of the reason you're going to see him tonight."

 

"And what's the other half, then?" he asks drily.

 

"You miss him," she replies, and Regulus has to suck in a sharp breath at just how easily she can read him.

 

"I don't miss him, and I'm not going to see him," he mutters sullenly.

 

Pandora just laughs and gives him another chocolate biscuit.

 

 

Three cups of tea and 6 biscuits later, Regulus knows he has to go. The longer he stays here, the longer Pandora is endangered, and Regulus has killed enough people today.

 

"I should go," he says, standing up and finding his coat.

 

"Say hi to Sirius for me," Pandora sings, and Regulus glares at her. Briar grows another flower.

 

Regulus wants to see Sirius as desperately as he doesn't want to, he needs him as much as he needs to avoid him, to protect him, but he's always been weak.

 

So of course, he's going to Sirius now that he has an excuse. Regulus is weak, weak, weak, but there's one more thing he has to do before he goes to Sirius.

 

"Dora," he begins awkwardly, not entirely sure how to phrase, "would you rather I oblivate you or you give me a memory to forget me" in a nice way. 

 

In the end, he just goes with, "it's not safe for you to remember this; you can't keep the memory," and luckily, she's a lot more receptive to the idea of memory removal than Sirius was, as she picks up a small vial decorated with daisies from where four were resting on the table and stares at it. 

 

"I've prepared these just for you," she says. "I've got no problem with you looking after my memories until it's time for them to be shared again."

 

Once again, Regulus isn't prepared for how much he wants to cry, but he forces it back and wraps Pandora into a hug instead.

 

"I'm sorry," he says tightly and probably rather inadequately.

 

"Oh, I'm not. It was lovely to see you again", she replies sincerely, and Regulus only squeezes her harder in response.

 

Before she removes the memory, she looks at him.

 

"Stay safe, okay? Everything will work out in the end. I'll see you next time."

 

"We'll see," Regulus murmurs back, unwilling to commit to anything when to do so would endanger them both, but he hasn't got long to stay and think about it when Pandora removes the memory and hands him the vial.

 

He tucks it in his mokeskin pouch next to the first vial from Sirius, and then he disapparates before Pandora can regain her bearings and recognise him again.

 

He tells himself he's going to Bryansford. He tells himself he's leaving England and going to Northern Ireland to set up his tent, but magic has always been about intent.

 

When the feeling of being pressed through a tube of apparation disappears, Regulus is staring at a familiar flat in a familiar town in a familiar city.

 

Camden.

 

London.

 

Sirius.

 

 

April 1981

 

“Is that the plant in your room?” Sirius hisses in a mix of amusement and disgust. “The one from the memory? Is that the one James almost had a meltdown over because he thought it was allergic to his pheromones?”

 

“That was private,” James hisses back, eyes wide in faux betrayal.

 

Regulus rolls his eyes at the both of them and gives Sirius the next vial; he won’t be laughing after this.

 

 

11 January 1979

 

Regulus thinks this is a stupid idea.

 

He doesn’t know if Sirius is even home. He doesn’t know if anyone else is there with him. He doesn’t know if there are fifty members of the Order waiting for him to show up and arrest him.

 

He doesn’t know anything, but none of this stops him from walking through the front door.

 

He has a disillusionment charm on himself, has silencing spells cast on his feet, so no one can hear him, and when he casts homenum revelio, he sees that there are two people home.

 

It's Sirius and Lupin, he presumes, but when he enters the bedroom, praying that they’re clothed, it’s not Lupin there with him; it’s Potter.

 

Regulus can’t decide if he should loathe them for being so co-dependent or be jealous that they still get to keep their friends in their life. He casts a sleeping charm on Potter so he won’t wake for another 6 hours unless there’s an emergency, and then creeps around the room looking for any evidence of endangerment to his brother’s life.

 

There’s his note, Check Pettigrew’s arm on the desk, another copy scrunched into a ball on the floor, which could be Potter’s, and there’s the letter from Gringotts saying that Sirius is now Lord Black.

 

At least that’ll keep him safe from most of the family; if a member of a family kills their Lord with nefarious purposes, they can risk losing the Black Family magic, so that’s another line of protection.

 

Good.

 

Sirius is safe, he’ll be okay, and he’s with friends who can help protect him.

 

That should be enough. Regulus should leave.

 

But he’s weak.

 

He’s still invisible as he goes over to the bed and shakes Sirius awake, calmly at first, and then more desperately knowing that he’s right here and he’s here and is he okay?

 

Sirius jolts awake, looks at Potter still sleeping next to him, then at the point where he can feel Regulus’ still invisible hand on his arm, and then gets ridiculously emotional about being woken up in the middle of the night.

 

“Moony? Why’ve you got Prongs’ cloak? Have you come back?” and he sounds like he’s about to start crying over the fact that his boyfriend is here? Maybe he’s been away doing war stuff? Regulus doesn’t really know, but he just drags Sirius out of bed, pulling him along as Sirius mutters, “Moony, I know it’s you, the girls are away, and you’re the only one left who can get through the wards.”

 

“Moony? What are you doing?”

 

“Moony?”

 

“Remus, can you please tell me –“

 

He falls silent the instant Regulus casts a silencing spell over the living room and removes his disillusion spell, and Sirius’ mouth drops open in shock.

 

Regulus almost smiles.

 

“Hey, Sirius.”

 

 

He doesn’t know which one of them moves first, doesn’t know which of them is hugging the other tighter, and doesn’t know which of them is crying harder, but he doesn’t care. Not when they’re both here in one place, not when they’ve finally gone from strangers back to brothers again.

 

“Reggie, is that really you? What are you doing here? How did you get here? Are you okay?” Sirius is blabbering before he seems to remember that Regulus is a Death Eater, and then he finds himself pressed against the wall with Sirius’ wand to his throat.

 

“How did you find me? How did you get through the wards? I didn’t put you on them –“

 

“You did,” Regulus interrupts. “You did seven months ago,” but Sirius only presses him against the wall harder and says menacingly, “then why don’t I remember doing it?”

 

Regulus slowly reaches for his mokeskin pouch, deliberately broadcasting his movements, and Sirius narrows his eyes but doesn’t curse him as he retrieves the first memory vial he took from Sirius.

 

“Take this,” he says. “Then you’ll know.”

 

“I don’t have a pensive,” he says sharply, and Regulus braces himself for whatever Sirius’ reaction is going to be as he replies, “you don’t need a pensive if the memory is yours.”

 

Horror, then relief, then fear settles on Sirius’ face, and he yanks the stopper off the vial before he can back down. It takes a moment for the memory to slot back into place, and then he looks at Regulus.

 

He’s more furious than Regulus has ever seen him.

 

“You told me you’d betrayed Voldemort and had stolen something from him. You didn’t say you were going to fake your death and make me grieve you!” he yells, but before Regulus has figured out how to reply, Sirius has yanked him forwards into a hug and is evidently trying not to cry.

 

Regulus, weak as ever, was already crying when the hug began and only cries harder when Sirius squeezes him because this is everything he’s ever wanted; they’re back to being brothers again. 

 

They’re not strangers anymore.

 

“Did you hear about our parents, then?” Sirius asks gently, and Regulus only cries harder because, yes he fucking heard about it. He heard their last words too, and the sounds of their bodies dropping to the floor. Oh, he heard all about it.

 

“I know you loved them still, but I’m indifferent really,” Sirius says casually, and Regulus doesn’t know if he’s expecting an answer or not, but he doesn’t get one. Sirius doesn’t seem to care.

 

“It was murder, did you know? No one knows who it was yet, but I think I’d like to thank them one day –“

 

“You’re welcome,” Regulus blurts out without thinking, and then he’s laughing hysterically as Sirius stares in shock and then sits him down on the couch as the laughter reverts back into sobbing.

 

“Reggie, what the fuck have you been doing since I last saw you?” Sirius says aghast, and Regulus curls up into a ball and leans against his brother as he tells him.

 

“The locket was a horcrux, and I found another one, so I have five more to go. It was a ring, except I nearly decomposed trying to get that –“

 

“What the fuck does you almost decomposed mean?”

 

“And I’ve been trying to get rid of this stupid dark mark, and I haven’t talked to anyone except to interrogate them since June, and I interrogated Pettigrew yesterday, and he said our parents were trying to bring you back –“

 

"You sent the letter, then."

 

“And I knew you’d rather die than go back and that they wouldn’t stop bringing you back until they were dead, and I’d rather them than you.”

 

Sirius isn’t saying anything, which is worrying, but he also hasn’t removed his arm from around Regulus’ shoulders, which is promising. When he chances a look up at Sirius’ face, he sees that he was already looking at him.

 

“That was a really fucked up way to tell me that you love me,” is all he says, and Regulus lets out a shocked laugh even though there’s nothing funny about murdering their parents.

 

“I never said that,” he murmurs subduedly, but Sirius just squeezes his shoulder in response and says equally quietly, “I still heard it.”

 

They sit there in silence for a while, just breathing in the comfort of knowing they’re not alone and have some family left who aren’t estranged or set out on killing them.

 

“Did you and Lupin break up?” Regulus hears himself say, wondering why it’s Potter here and not Lupin, and something has clearly happened if the way Sirius wraps his arm around himself and looks like he’s about to cry again is any indication.

 

“I don’t know,” he answers, and Regulus frowns, wondering if he has to kill another person today for not only trying but also succeeding in hurting Sirius. He really doesn’t know if he has the mental capacity for more murder, but for Sirius, he'd find it.

 

“Do you want me to kill him for you?”

 

“No!”

 

“Just hurt him then, okay.”

 

“Regulus! You’re not going to touch him!” Sirius hisses, and Regulus understands immediately, and much as he hates to admit it, he relates.

 

“So you hurt him then, not the other way around,” and Sirius makes a noise like a wounded animal and curls even further in himself. “What did you do?”

 

Sirius lets out another choked sound and just, flops into Regulus. 

 

“I told him I thought he was the traitor," and then he’s crying, and crying, and coming to Regulus for comfort, and Regulus has a fleeting desperate idea of getting Potter and ruining his cover because he doesn’t know what to do.

 

“Don’t cry,” he says inadequately, then he winces as he hears himself because literally how is that going to help? “Sorry,” he amends. “You can cry if you want.” And Sirius either doesn’t hear him or doesn’t bother to acknowledge his poor attempts at comfort.

 

“I don’t think you should worry”, Regulus hears himself saying next. “Lupin will come back and keep loving you whether he wants to or not. It doesn’t matter what you do; he’ll never find it within himself to stop, even if he pretends otherwise.”

 

“How do you know that?” Sirius asks, no longer crying but still utterly miserable, and Regulus just purses his lips, unwilling to tell the truth. “I wasn’t really talking about Lupin at all.”

 

He doesn’t know what to say, but Sirius is looking at him, so hopefully, so desperate for reassurance that Regulus sighs, slightly uncomfortable, but answers him best he can.

 

“I don’t think anyone ever looked at you and Lupin and thought you’d be soulmates. But now that they have, they’ll never be able to look at you differently.”

 

“Remus called me his soulmate”, Sirius says mournfully, and Regulus can’t decide if he should be bitter or jealous that Sirius’ biggest problem is relationship drama while Regulus is trying to kill Voldemort and deal with the general trauma he's amassed over the years from being alive.

 

“You’ll be okay, Sirius. You were always destined for good things.”

 

“Remus is the best.”

 

“I’m glad you have him.”

 

“I’ve got you too now, Reggie; you can’t leave me now. I’ll help you with your, with whatever you’re doing and keep you safe. I don’t need our parents, never did really, but at least their death brought you back to me. Neither of us are alone anymore.”

 

Regulus has never felt more guilt in his life than in this moment as he stares at Sirius with a broken expression on his face, unspeaking. When he pulls out another vial from his pocket, Sirius understands immediately, and his face goes slack with fear.

 

“No. Regulus. No, no, not now that I’ve just gotten you back. I won’t. No. please.”

 

“You have to.”

 

“No, Reggie, please, don’t make me grieve you twice. No, don’t –“

 

“Sirius, you have to. They’ll kill you, they’ll kill me if they capture you and find that memory –“

 

“I’ll protect you. I won’t let them get you. We can protect each other, like we always used to –“

 

“This is me protecting you.”

 

“Reggie.”

 

“Sirius, you have to.”

 

“You can’t make me. I’m not going to lose you again.”

 

Sirius is desperate to keep him, the way he's fumbling over his ideas and begging for him to stay, and Regulus closes his eyes for a moment and dreams of another life.

 

Regulus doesn’t remember when he started crying again, but he doesn’t think he can be blamed for it when he’s about to grieve his brother again. Not when he’s about to say this. Not when he’s about to –

 

“If you don’t give me the memory, I’ll oblivate you,” he chokes out, ignoring the fact that he literally couldn’t last time he tried and that’s why they’re having this whole argument in the first place. “You’ll never remember this, and you’ll never remember me, and you won’t know anything. All you’ll know is that I went missing, and a body was never found.”

 

Sirius looks like he’d rather die than give the memory away. 

 

“Don’t oblivate me,” Sirius blurts out. “What if you remove other memories as well? What if you make forget something else?”

 

Regulus thinks that may be a good idea, even though the words make him bleed. “You need to give me the memories, otherwise I’ll oblivate them from you. And if you want," he continues, forcing the words out. "I can remove every memory you have of me, so it’s easier to move on,” and he’s choking on his tears now and feeling nauseous at the prospect because this is brother. It’s his brother. And what if Sirius says yes? What if he wants to forget him because his presence in his life has made it so fucking miserable, but then Sirius is hugging him and shaking him and berating him all at once.

 

“You're so fucking stupid, Reggie,” he sobs, and then he’s squeezing him tight, evidently trying to find another argument.

 

“Sirius –“

 

“If I lose the memory, I’ll just be alone and missing you. If you do this, since you’ve come here to grant me this just to take it away again, I’ll, I’ll suffer, you’ll make me suffer –"

 

Guilt tripping isn’t as effective when the person is already guilty, so Regulus just gives Sirius a rueful smile. “I always did have that effect on you.”

 

“Reggie –“

 

“You have to.”

 

“I won’t.”

 

“I’ll oblivate you.”

 

“You can’t.”

 

“Sirius”

 

“Please don’t make me do this.”

 

“I have to”, and now Regulus is crying again, grieving his brother again, who is still alive, except he’s about to lose him.

 

Again.

 

“Reggie –" Sirius pleads, and Regulus knows he’s won.

 

It’s a hollow victory.

 

“I’m so sorry,” he says, brokenly, inadequately, “I’m so, so sorry.”

 

“If you ever need me, come find me again,” Sirius says before he hugs Regulus one last time, picks up the vials with shaking hands, and prepares to remove his memories.

 

“I love you and I’m proud of you, okay?” Sirius tells him. “Even when I forget this, make sure that you don’t.”

 

Sirius gives him the vials, which Regulus places in his mokeskin pouch. Then, with one last look at his brother, he disapparates and immediately collapses to the ground in agony.

 

He’s in pain. It’s all pain; he’s in so much pain he's undoubtedly splinched himself, but it’s not a body part that he’s left behind.

 

It’s his brother.

 

 

April 1981

 

Regulus is leaning against James with his eyes squeezed shut, but they fly open as he hears hysterical sobbing when Sirius pulls his head out of the pensive.

 

“Reggie –“

 

“Next one.”

 

 

15 April 1979

 

Regulus didn’t know what depression was until he felt the utter pointlessness of living after killing his parents and losing his brother and best friend in the same 24-hour window.

 

Some days he wakes up, does his research, goes interrogating, and feels something in his chest that he could tentatively label hope.

 

On other days, he wakes up and wishes he hadn’t. And he just lies there, waiting for someone to take him.

 

He doesn’t always know where he wants to go, doesn’t think he’d mind either; maybe he wants to go home, maybe he thinks he deserves a dungeon, maybe he thinks he deserves hell, but no one ever comes.

 

So he’s lonely.

 

And tired.

 

And sad.

 

He’s so fucking lonely, and one day it gets too much; he just needs someone, so he apparates to a familiar lavender door where he’s quickly pulled inside and wrapped into a hug.

 

He’s warm again.

 

“Oh Reg, it’s good to see you, and I know Briar missed you as well; you always were good for her,” and he can’t tell whether or not he should laugh or cry at the fact that at least there’s one thing that capitalises off his trauma.

 

“I fucking hate you,” he scowls at the plant. Briar changes colours from a sickly brown to a healthy green immediately.

 

“I’ve made sandwiches because I thought you wouldn’t have been eating very well, and then there’s hot chocolate for afterwards,” she says, and Regulus doesn’t reply because if he opens his mouth he’s going to cry.

 

It’s all he fucking does these days. Cry until he forgets to feel. Feel everything until his occlumency shields work properly and he’s numb, numb, numb.

 

“You’ve got three cucumber and cream cheese sandwiches, and then one cheese and tomato relish to balance out the nargles,” she tells him, and Regulus just nods and eats his sandwiches. He can already feel his emotions disappearing, the void of numbness spreading through his veins, so he focuses on Pandora's voice while staring at Briar and the six new flowers she’s grown in the past ten minutes.

 

“Do you remember Xenophilius Lovegood in the year above us from school? We’re officially courting now, which is nice. All of my friends are telling me that it’s not officially courting if there’s no gift of intent, but we spent all of last weekend strawberry picking, and next weekend we’re going to plant some in the garden.”

 

Regulus can’t tell if he falls asleep or just loses touch with reality for a bit, but when he zones back in, Pandora is still talking.

 

“There was a huge infestation of pixies in the garden, and they tried to eat my lettuces, so I made them a big batch of quiches instead that they seemed to appreciate. Most people would have tried to hurt them, but I think they’re just lonely. And hungry. They left the lettuces alone after that though –“ and Regulus realises that he feels warm and calm and like the world isn’t so hopeless after all, and when he looks at the stupid fucking plant, it droops slightly.

 

Another hollow victory.

 

It’s calming being here. It’s like a holiday, not that anyone can ever truly escape the war, and Regulus is mad at his younger self for taking his Hogwarts days for granted. It wasn't perfect or easy, but it wasn't this. 

 

He doesn’t want to leave this house with plants everywhere, windchimes blowing in the breeze, and the birdbath on the front lawn with bullfinches and turtledoves. In another life, he’d come here for sleepovers, and they’d drink lemonade in the garden while they sat by the pond, and his presence wouldn’t paint a target on Pandora’s back.

 

He doesn’t want to go.

 

“I can’t stay,” he says, hoping Pandora will understand even though he hasn’t given her the other memory yet. She just gives him another biscuit and says “you’ll be okay for another five minutes, it’s a big adjustment to make once you’ve got rid of the wrackspurts, but you’ll be okay Reg.”

 

“Will I?”

 

“Of course. If you think you’re living the worst life imaginable, that means it can only get better, doesn’t it?” 

 

“This memory”, he begins awkwardly, just hoping Pandora understands like last time, and thankfully she does and doesn’t do what Sirius did last time and leave the both of them as an emotional wreck. “I need it.”

 

“Oh, don’t worry, Reg, my vials are still ready for you." She picks up another one from her bookshelf with rosemary carvings on the glass and looks at Regulus.

 

“The blubbering humdinger can heal you, not just break you. Remember that, Regulus,” and he just nods tiredly, not really in the mood for philosophy.

 

He hates this part of seeing Pandora and Sirius, the way he comes into their lives and gives them relief and joy that he’s alive and then takes it away from them.

 

Maybe in another life, he was a dementor.

 

“I’ll see you next time, Reg,” she says, just like last time.

 

“We’ll see,” he replies, completing the routine, still spilt in equal parts of not wanting to endanger her again, desperately wanting to see her again, and not actually being sure if he’ll still be alive by the next time he plans a visit.

 

Pandora gives him the memory, and Regulus disappears, and before he leaves the house, he sees one of Briar’s leaves shrivel into dust.

 

But contentment can only last for so long.

 

 

April 1981

 

Sirius looks like he can’t tell whether or not to be horrified that his brother’s depression was so bad or proud that Regulus reached out for help when he needed it.

 

Regulus doesn’t want to listen to either option because if he doesn’t keep handing over the vials, they’ll never be seen.

 

And he wants to heal, and he wants to live and not just survive.

 

“Next one,” he says, squeezing his eyes shut and handing over the next vial.

 

 

25 June 1979

 

That. God. Damn. Patronus.

 

Regulus thinks he’s felt the absence of emotion for so long that he almost forgot what it was to feel. Now, he wishes he had as he wonders if his body is about to shut down with the sheer overwhelming force of pain.

 

I’m so sorry you never made it to eighteen.

 

I’m sorry I sometimes wish I hadn’t.

 

I miss you.

 

Do you really?

 

I love you, always will.

 

How can you after everything I’ve done?

 

If you’re alive and want to find me, then do it.

 

I can’t. I wish I could. I can’t.

 

There’s your star in the sky. We’re both up there tonight.

 

I see us.

 

If you’re alive and want to find me, then do it.

 

I can’t.

 

I love you.

 

You shouldn’t.

 

If you’re alive and want to find me, then do it.

 

Do it.

 

Do it.

 

Do it.

 

The sharp crack of disapparation sounds, and Regulus walks through the front door of a flat in Camden.

 

“Moony? Did you forget your –" Sirius’ cup of coffee falls from his hand and shatters on the floor.

 

Regulus sees his brother and shatters too.

 

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry," Regulus is chanting because now his brother is here, they’re here, they’re back to brothers again.

 

I’m sorry I put you through the pain of losing me , each word says. I’m sorry I’m going to put you through the pain again.

 

“You’re here, Reggie. You got my message, you’re back, you’re here, you’re alive.”

 

For now,  he thinks. And for now, he lets himself pretend.

 

 

Sirius is crying hysterically, pure relief pouring out of him as he stands here listening to his brother's living, beating heart.

 

Because he’s alive, he’s alive, he’s alive, and there’s nothing that could ever persuade him to let Regulus go again.

 

It’s a long hug, longer than he’s ever had with Regulus, especially in recent years, although he hasn’t seen his brother in about a year since that raid in –

 

“Regulus”, he says tightly, a feeling of dread dulling the pure euphoria of this moment. “Do you have the mark still?” Regulus nods, looking so utterly miserable about it that Sirius pauses, but he still pushes through his line of questioning.

 

“This isn’t, like, a mission for Voldemort, is it? You coming here? This is because of the patronus –“

 

Regulus clearly takes offence to that as he shoves Sirius off him, shouting, “you utter fucking arse,” except his voice cracks down the middle, so it’s not as effective in expressing his anger.

 

“Sorry for being careful in a literal war, Reggie; now either enlighten me as to why I should trust you or tell me why you seemed to know I would trust you. Which I don’t, by the way –“

 

Regulus pulls two vials filled with memories and holds them out to Sirius. Sirius does not want them.

 

“What are these secrets from your precious Lord?” he sneers, wondering if it was actually a good idea to let his brother stay when they’re alone and how Regulus knew to arrive just when Remus had left, and James was at his parent's with Lily.

 

Regulus looks like he’s about to cry again, and Sirius immediately wants to stop it.

 

“Look, I don’t have a pensive Reggie, so it doesn't matter what they are. I can’t see them in the first place,” and Regulus just rolls his eyes impatiently like he’s had this conversation before and pulls the corks out of the two vials.

 

Sirius remembers.

 

His brother. Inferi. A horcrux. Betraying Voldemort. Taking the memory. Giving it back. Killing their parents. Saving Sirius. Crying. Laughing. Being brothers. Losing it all over again.

 

He thinks he should show some compassion at the fact his brother is fighting a war and is traumatised, and he doesn’t even know what he’s been up to for the past six months, but all he has is anger and a sharp betrayal.

 

“You were going to oblivate every single memory I had of you?”  he hisses incredulously. “Why the fuck would I want that? Why would you even suggest it? Regulus, what the fuck is wrong with you?”

 

He’s fuming right now and is in the mood for a fight, but it’s hard to stay angry when Regulus starts crying again.

 

“I know how hard it is to miss my brother,” he says. “I didn’t want you to have to deal with it too,” and he adds a much quieter. “I didn’t want to hold you back from being happy.”

 

“Come here, Reggie”, he says exasperatedly, even as something tender flares in his chest at the fact that his brother is here because he undeniably loves him.

 

Sirius thinks every moment of Regulus’ life since he left him in Grimmauld Place has been a very dark and twisted love letter to Sirius, who appreciates it in an equally dark way as much as he wishes it didn’t need to happen at all. He wishes he’d come with him instead of staying, so they wouldn't have found themselves in this mess right now.

 

“Why didn’t you come with me?” he asks, figuring there’s a good chance Regulus will make him give up this memory too, and wondering if he’ll be more honest when he knows the truth will only be free for a finite time. Regulus' eyes flick towards him in confusion, so he elaborates. “I know you hate me for leaving you with your parents, but I hate you a little bit for leaving me alone there and giving me no choice but to leave. So why didn’t you come with me?”

 

Sirius is expecting more anger, or denial, or maybe a fight. He’s not expecting Regulus to look at him in genuine fear and horror.

 

“You don’t remember?” he asks, looking terrified of the answer, and Sirius feels the tension of this conversation increase to insurmountable heights.

 

“I remember that our parents cursed me, and you watched and did absolutely nothing like a good little puppet, and then I woke up five days later at James',” he says, more harshly than he’d intended, the pain and bitterness and resentment of abandonment still not gone three years later.

 

Regulus isn’t saying anything, but his eyes are squeezed shut like he can pretend it’s not real, like he can forget everything.

 

If only Sirius could forget the way his parent's cruciatus felt or the pain of his brother watching him be tortured and doing nothing like their perfect heir.

 

He’s glad his brother is here, but he also wants to kick him out for everything he did and everything he didn’t do, he –

 

‘Sirius,” Regulus says hoarsely. “You never abandoned me.”

 

“Well, you abandoned me –“

 

“I didn’t.”

 

“You did.”

 

“I didn’t!”

 

“Then tell me one thing you did for me that wasn’t for your own personal gain within the family,” he shoots back, and Regulus flinches as if he’s been struck.

 

“Fuck. Reggie, I didn’t –“

 

“You didn’t leave me to go to the Potter’s, Sirius,” he says before he looks up with eyes full of tortured memories. “I pushed you through the floo.”

 

 

It’s easier to admit truths knowing that they’re not going to be remembered. That the secret he shares is going to become his own secret again in an hour’s time, but Sirius deserves to know. He wants to tell him at least once that he wasn’t born a coward and that he could be more than just a person from a family Sirius hated.

 

“You did what?” Sirius says lowly, and Regulus looks up and glares at him because, oh.

 

He’s furious. See, this is part of why he didn’t tell him because before Sirius cries about it, he’s going to yell. But Sirius can’t make Regulus feel bad for saving his life.

 

“You heard me,” he says defiantly.

 

"Then why didn't you follow me?" he hisses. "If you could walk well enough to shove me through, why didn't you follow?"

 

"Because only one of us was ever going to leave!" Regulus bursts out because it looks like it's a day of truths today. "And that was always going to be you. And because I couldn't follow when I was punished by our parents for pushing you through. It took you five days to wake up? Well, it took me nine Sirius, so it looks like I won this stupid fucking competition -"

 

"Why would you do that, Reggie?" he asks, his anger veering dangerously close towards histrionics. “Why the fuck would you want to stay instead of me?” he asks. “Why would you stay when you could have left? Regulus, you could have left –“

 

“ But then you couldn’t.”

 

“So you stayed with our parents for me?”

 

“Yes.”

 

“And became a Death Eater for me?”

 

“Instead of you, but yes.”

 

“And then you thought the only way to get out of it was faking your death?”

 

“At least I’m not actually dead.”

 

“How is that a justification for everything? Why didn’t you just leave?”

 

“They would have killed me if I left.”

 

“You almost killed yourself by staying! Look at you, Regulus! You’re a shell of who you used to be, and you’ve lost so much of who you used to be that you can barely recognise yourself anymore!”

 

Regulus thinks that’s fitting, even though it hurts because he has only ever been who Sirius raised him to be.

 

And when Sirius left, Regulus lost himself.

 

And here he is now, nothing more than a patchwork of hurt, anger, and revenge, with trauma and suffering filling the voids that his brother left in his wake.

 

"Never do that again, Reggie. Do you hear me?" Sirius says, wrapping him in a hug. "When this war is over, where you go, I go. Tell me you understand."

 

"I can't promise that", he whispers.

 

"Regulus!" he says urgently, shaking him in his desperation to make him understand, but Regulus shakes his head.

 

Sirius doesn't want Regulus to protect him at all, let alone with his life, but Regulus doesn't think he knows how to stop.

 

There’s silence. An awful lot of silence as Regulus thinks about what Sirius said, and Sirius thinks about what Regulus said.

 

Sirius is crying now, as Regulus knew he would, so he just stares at Sirius, waiting for him to say something because it won’t be him who breaks the silence. It has to be Sirius. So he’s waiting, waiting, waiting –

 

“Do you want some cake?”

 

“What?” Regulus answers bewilderedly, wondering if he’s misheard. “Why do you have cake?” He doesn’t know why Sirius looks almost guilty. Or bashful. Or nervous.

 

“Well,” he begins awkwardly. “It was your birthday yesterday, so I made you a cake. It’s lemon sour cream, your favourite,” and Regulus tries very, very hard not to cry again.

 

Even when he thought he was dead, Sirius still hadn’t forgotten him. He feels oddly tender, like a great big exposed nerve that Sirius is pressing on in the best way when he speaks.

 

“Yeah, Sirius, I’ll have some cake,” he says, aiming for casual but ending choked up and emotional, although Sirius is the same way, so he doesn't mind too much.

 

It’s a good cake. It’s a really good cake, and he hasn’t had anything like it in months –

 

“Do you like it? James and I made it –“ and Regulus immediately scowls and puts his plate on the coffee table.

 

“I don’t want anything that came from Potter,” he says sharply, staring at the cake like he can set it on fire, and Sirius just sighs in exasperation. At least he’s stopped crying.

 

“Stop being a fussy little brat,” he says, rolling his eyes. “There’s nothing wrong with James. I’m sure you’d love him if you got to know him.”

 

“Doubtful.”

 

“Eat your cake, Reggie; I’ll be sad if you don’t,” and Regulus frowns at the guilt-tripping and frowns even harder at the fact that it works.

 

He shoves another forkful of the stupidly good cake into his mouth, and Sirius smiles smugly.

 

 

Regulus and Sirius share parts of their lives, things they shouldn’t have missed out on but did anyways, and watch the sun drift towards its highest point in the sky.

 

“I need to go,” he says, even though he wants to do anything but leave, and Sirius seems to have the same idea.

 

“You are not going anywhere”, he hisses. “You are going to stay here and not disappear again, and I will not give you the memories, and you will live in the guest room so I can protect you.”

 

“I can protect myself”, Regulus scowls back, and Sirius looks absolutely gutted.

 

Regulus rolls his eyes and adds a quieter, “I’ll always need you, Sirius, but you can stop taking hits for me now; it’s my turn.” 

 

Sirius scowls right back in response and says, “there shouldn’t be any hits for you to take in the first place.

 

Regulus just laughs humourlessly. “Welcome to war.”

 

It’s almost midday now, which means Lupin is about to come home from his morning job at the book café.

 

It’s almost midday now, which means Regulus has to leave.

 

He doesn’t want to go.

 

“I have to go,” he says, hating the way his voice comes out choked because fuck, this process never gets easier as he begs his brother to forget him when all he wants to do is stay.

 

“Reggie –“ Sirius begins, his voice already wrecked, but Regulus cannot deal with more emotions after the patronus and his brother, and all of the secrets shared that were never supposed to be shared at all.

 

“Sirius, please,” he begs. “You promised.”

 

“I promised before you went missing and let the entire world, including your brother, believe that you were dead.”

 

“Stop being dramatic. You already treated me as if I was dead long before I pretended I was.” Sirius lets out a genuine scream of frustration before he grabs Regulus' shoulders and looks him in the eye.

 

“You’re my brother, Regulus. You always have been and always will be, okay? I’m giving you these memories on the condition you come back again. You have to come back, okay? Come back.”

 

“I could be dead tomorrow”, he says without thinking, and Sirius blanches and steps away with wide eyes.

 

“Why the fuck would you say that? You have to stay now; who the fuck is coming for you?”

 

“I’m a traitor to one side and an enemy of the other”, he says, laughing humourlessly. “Everyone’s coming for me.”

 

“Except me,” Sirius says, staring at Regulus with so much love he doesn’t know what to do with it. “No matter what, you can always come and find me.”

 

“If I’m going to find you, you have to let me go first”, he says softly, and Sirius lets out a sharp breath like he’s been punched before he holds out a shaking hand for the vials.

 

“I hate this,” he says, and Regulus just laughs because that sums it up, really. “Yeah, Sirius. Me too.”

 

Sirius raises his wand to his head, and Regulus watches him forget him.

 

“I love you and I’m proud of you, okay? Even when I forget this, make sure that you don’t.”

 

 

April 1981

 

Sirius is sobbing when he pulls his head out of the pensive, and he sounds absolutely wrecked.

 

“Reggie, I didn't know. I never would have. I’m so sorry –“

 

Regulus just shakes his head and holds out another vial.

 

“Next one.”

 

 

26 October 1979

 

One thing Regulus has learnt about the war is that it never stops.

 

One thing Regulus has learnt about depression is that it never truly goes away.

 

One thing Regulus has learnt about occlumency shields is that they can only hold so many repressed emotions until they begin to crack.

 

He can’t go see Sirius because that would only make his shields fall down entirely in a great hysterical mess of histrionics. He rather desperately wants Barty and the way he’d find a way to joke around Regulus being in a traumatised state until Regulus finds himself laughing too, but Barty would also probably drag him to the Dark Lord or at least force him to go on a murder spree with him which would only make the problem worse.

 

Plus, the last Death Eater he interrogated said that he’d fucked Barty two nights ago, and Regulus doesn’t think he can deal with rejection in this state even though it would be entirely well deserved since he left first.

 

That leaves one option. He goes to a familiar lavender door which is once again pulled open before he has the chance to knock.

 

“Oh, hello, Regulus; I see you’ve bought the nargles with you. Briar will be so pleased,” and Regulus huffs a breath of pure relief and leans forwards into a hug.

 

“Hey, Dora.”

 

Pandora takes one look at him, dumps the stupid fucking plant in his lap, which perks up immediately, and then goes and makes some chrysanthemum tea.

 

Regulus stares at the plant whose name he refuses to use. He thinks it’s because he secretly likes her; it’s nice to know that someone, or rather something, accepts him the way he is and likes him anyway.

 

As nice as that thought is, it’s not enough to balance out the rest of his emotions as Briar grows 4 centimetres and another 3 flowers before Pandora returns with tea.

 

Regulus still doesn’t know why she’s so calm about him being there; he never offers to show the previous memories he’s taken from her, she never really seems to mind anyways, and then gives the memory every time he asks for it.

 

He’s just glad there’s someone happy to see him and that there’s someone he can talk to without causing them pain.

 

Like Sirius.

 

Four months later and Regulus still hasn’t fully recovered from their last interaction.

 

“Tell me everything”, Pandora tells him, and Regulus is so grateful that she hasn’t asked any stupid like “how have you been?”

 

 He thinks it’s rather obvious how he's been, so he tells her about everything that’s happened in the last six months since he saw her last. 

 

The diary. His birthday. The patronus. Sirius. Crouch Senior and how it stirred up all the memories of when he dated Barty. The blurred monotony of the past three months. How he needs to either go to Gringotts or go to Hogwarts, and he doesn’t know what to do.

 

And how he’s so, so tired.

 

Pandora doesn’t tell him that he will be okay one day or anything he won’t believe. She just drops her head on his shoulder and says, “shall I tell you about the wedding me and Xenophilius are having in August? I know you won’t make it, but we’ll have the reception at night so your star can be there with us.” Regulus nods, and Pandora talks and talks and talks.

 

“Isn’t it a bit soon to get married?” he asks. “It’s only been a year, hasn’t it? And when did he propose?”

 

“Oh, he hasn’t yet,” Pandora says carelessly. “But he will, and next time you see me, I’ll be Pandora Lovegood.”

 

“Why August, then? Why not sooner if you know he’s going to propose?”

 

“Well, he won't propose until July, but the first three months after marriage are the best parts of it, are they not? I wanted to experience that.”

 

“You’re growing up”, Regulus teases, and Pandora laughs, and Regulus laughs, and he sees life in colour again.

 

It’s effortless, really, the way they just exist together. They’ve never had a fight, purely because Pandora just ignores him when he’s in a mood and hits him with her book when he’s over it, and Regulus has never gotten angry with Pandora because she’s like the human equivalent of candy floss.

 

And everyone loves candy floss.

 

“Tell me more about the wedding”, he says, closing his eyes to picture it.

 

“It will be small, and there will be a band playing music, except there will only be a violin and a flute; I’m not going to have anyone playing the piano who isn’t you. I’d like a muggle wedding dress. I’ll drag Xenophilius around the op shops in Manchester until I find one I like, even though I won’t let him see it. Then I’ll enchant the flowers in the lace to bloom and close at different points of the ceremony. There’ll be tulips on each table, so many tulips, but I won’t have bought any; they’ll just show up, although I won't mind. Xenophilius will worry that he’s lost the ring even though he’ll have checked every few seconds that it’s in his pocket. It’ll be a surprise one that he’s created himself, and then, we’ll be married.”

 

Regulus feels a pang of longing in his chest for all the lives he could have lived. 

 

“I’m sorry I’ll miss it. I wish I could have been there with you”, he says hoarsely, and Pandora just laughs. “You’re always with me, Regulus. Nothing will ever change that.”

 

Regulus sits there for a bit longer, taking note of all the new plants, glaring at Briar, who only grows taller, and enjoying that he’s here with his best friend.

 

The longer he stays, though, the guiltier he feels because he’s literally endangering her by being here since he’s not strong enough to deal with his emotions on his own.

 

He’s also weak because he can’t bring himself to leave. He doesn’t want to go back to feeling nothing until his occlumency shields start to leak out emotions of being lonely, cold, and scared.

 

“Xenophilius will be back from work soon”, Pandora says, interrupting his inner crisis and making the decision for him. “Shall I tell him to wait, or are you ready to go?”

 

“I’ll go,” he says instantly. If anything ever happened to her because of him, he’d never forgive himself, so it’s best he goes now.

 

“I’ll get you your memory, no need to ask Reg,” she says, which solves yet another problem he was facing in his mind; as bad as he feels for endangering her, he still can’t find it within himself to regret coming.

 

“Enjoy your wedding”, he says ruefully, but Pandora beams at him.

 

“Oh, I will. I’ll see you next time, Reg.”

 

“We’ll see.”

 

Pandora removes the memory, and Regulus disapparates, trying to imagine a life without war.

 

 

Regulus’ journal: 26 October 1979

 

 

In another life, I will become a writer. I will live and dance and dream and laugh, and I will be happy.

 

In another life, I will fall in love. My presence in another’s life will not become a burden. 

 

In another life, I will let that hat send me to Ravenclaw, I will tell my parents they were wrong, I will follow my brother through the floo.

 

In another life, I will live and not just survive.

 

In this life, I am doomed; nothing more than a series of would’ve and could’ve but didn’t.

 

In this life, I dream of that life; the one where the stars don’t burn out before they’ve truly had the chance to shine.

 

 

April 1981

 

Sirius holds out his hand wordlessly.

 

Regulus gives him the vial.

 

 

7 February 1980

 

Regulus hates winter and goblins, and his stupid fucking brother.

 

Winter is cold and miserable.

 

Goblins are sneaky and annoying.

 

His stupid fucking brother might be in danger from the sneaky annoying goblins, so Regulus has to see him and check he’s okay and deal with the entire traumatic process of memory giving and trauma dumping and memory taking again.

 

It’s horrible; he hates it every time.

 

But he’s always just so excited to see his brother again.

 

Walk through the wards.

 

Push open the door.

 

Check no one else is home.

 

Pull out the memory vials and release them before they think about fighting him.

 

“Hey, Sirius.”

 

 

Sirius stares at his brother standing in the doorway of his living room, waiting for the memories to resettle, and when they have, he can’t focus on the euphoria of having his brother still alive or the warmth of knowing that he keeps coming back, or the pure anger that this is the way they have to meet or the pain of grieving him four times over.

 

All he can do is stare at his brother, slightly nervous, slightly excited but trying to hide it, but above all, defiant. Confident. Dangerous.

 

“You’ve gotten taller,” he blurts out, and for some reason, that makes him want to curl up and weep, the fact that somewhere across the years, his baby brother grew up without him. 

 

Regulus smiles as though he's pleased and says smugly, “I’m an inch taller than you now.”

 

“You are not”, Sirius says, aghast. “You used to not even reach my shoulder.”

 

“I’m all grown up now,” Regulus says sweetly, standing next to him in the mirror and looking at their undeniable height difference. Sirius just turns around and hugs him, so he won’t see him cry.

 

“Are you okay?” Regulus asks, and Sirius curses himself for not hiding his tears as well as he thought he had.

 

“Why would I not be?” he replies instead, expecting a snarky comment of some sort and not for Regulus to tense in his arms. 

 

“Well –"

 

“Reggie, what did you do?” Sirius asks worriedly, guiding them to the couch and staring at Regulus, who looks a mixture of guilty and ridiculously pleased with himself.

 

“You’ll be proud of me”, he says, looking absolutely thrilled, but this only makes Sirius more apprehensive.

 

“Reggie, tell me –“

 

“I broke into Gringotts, and they didn’t catch me,” he says in one rushed breath, and then he starts laughing, doubled over in his mirth, and Sirius can’t quite tell what to do.

 

Like yes, he’s proud of him; that’s beyond anything the marauders ever managed to do, but also…

 

“What the fuck, Reggie? Have you become a criminal since I saw you last?” he says, appalled. Regulus only smiles at him and says lightly, “oh, because I wasn’t a criminal before?”

 

“Don’t say that,” Sirius replies immediately, not wanting to think too hard about what Regulus is doing with his life and which lives he’s ending so he can keep his. He finds he can’t quite care what the cost is for Regulus to keep living, and he wonders what that says about him.

 

That he’s a Black, probably.

 

“You have had anyone visit you, have you?” Regulus asks, his voice unexpectedly urgent. “No aurors, no goblins, no one trying to arrest you? Or hurt you? Or –“

 

“No…” Sirius replies slowly. “Should there be?”

 

“Immean, hopefully not”, Regulus says, frowning and continuing to sneak glances at Sirius, checking he’s alright.

 

It makes his chest warm, the fact that his brother still undeniably cares about him.

 

“Okay then,” Sirius says slowly, waiting for an explanation.

 

“I stole something from Bellatrix, from the Black Family vault, and a goblin said he’d put you in the vault until I returned the cup,” Regulus bursts out in one breath, and Sirius wonders what the fuck Regulus is doing with his life.

 

“Well, he hasn’t come by yet”, he says, which makes Regulus scowl in annoyance?

 

“Yes, I killed him eight hours ago, stop being so unhelpful”, he snarls.

 

“How was I supposed to know that?” he cries back incredulously.

 

“You just should”, Regulus argues, and then they stare at each other, glaring until Sirius’ facial expression softens as he looks at his brother, who came here because he was worried about him.

 

“Were you worried about me, Reggie?” he teases, wondering if he’s about to get cursed, but Regulus only scowls and sends a mild stinging hex at him as an embarrassed blush fills his cheeks.

 

“No”, he bites out.

 

“Oh, but you are, because you love me.”

 

“Do not.”

 

“Don’t you?”

 

“No.”

 

“Tell me you love me; I could die tomorrow”, he says teasingly, and Regulus’ head snaps up with pure terror in his eyes before it morphs into anger.

 

“Don’t say that. Don’t joke about that. It’s not going to happen.”

 

“It could,” Sirius says because it honestly could. There have been close calls before, and everyone says death is the only constant in a war. 

 

“It won’t,” Regulus snaps back.

 

“I’m just saying –“

 

“Well, don’t!” Regulus shouts. “I didn’t trade my life for yours just so you could die at nineteen,” before wincing in regret and watching Sirius steps back in horror.

 

He thought hearing that his brother pushed him through the floo was bad enough, but to hear that everything he’s done and everything he’s become wasn’t because he was a puppet for his parents, but because he wanted to protect Sirius?

 

The only constant in his and Regulus’ interactions recently are the inevitable tears.

 

“Take your life back, Reggie; you don’t need to give it to me anymore,” he says, but Regulus just smiles sadly. “I wouldn’t even know what to do with it.”

 

 

They sit for a bit longer. Sirius tells Regulus about Remus and their relationship. Regulus even listens to him talk about everything he’s done with James without interrupting, making Sirius realise just how much his brother missed him.

 

Regulus doesn’t say much, but he talks about his research and the new spells he learnt, and then he increases the wards on Sirius' house, just in case, which Sirius doesn’t fully understand, but he can’t help but be proud of him anyways.

 

“You won’t stay here with me, will you?” he asks, already knowing the answer as Regulus shakes his head sadly. “I can’t,” and Sirius takes a deep breath before what he says next.

 

“I’ll give you back the memories on two conditions.”

 

“Sirius,” Regulus warns sharply, but he just shakes his head and ignores him.

 

“If you need me, if you need anything, you come back, okay? That's the first one, okay? You come find me again like you’re doing now”, and Regulus nods stiffly, waiting for part two. “When all of this is over, you come find me again, and you stay however long you need to, and I show you what it is to live. Those are the conditions.”

 

“I might not make it that far”, Regulus murmurs quietly, and Sirius feels his heart clench and curses anyone and everyone who made their lives get to this point.

 

Two sides of a war, fighting against each other when all they want to do is be together.

 

And it’s a war, so not even the victor wins in the end because everybody loses in one way or another. And right now, each of them is losing their brother for the sixth time.

 

“If you stay alive, I stay alive, okay?” he says. “We’re not dying anytime soon.”

 

“I’ll make sure of it”, Regulus replies solemnly, staring at Sirius, who reaches out and hugs him again.

 

“I’ll see you again then?” he asks, inexplicably fearful that he won’t for some unknown tragic reason of fate, so he’s almost reassured when Regulus smiles slightly and says, “inevitably.”

 

“I love you, okay?” he says. He doesn’t know why now seems heavier and more important than all the other times Regulus has come to see him. “You know I love you; you know you can come to me any time. You know the wards let you in, and the guest room is always free if you need to stop.”

 

“To stop is to die, Sirius,” Regulus says, shrugging a shoulder, and Sirius feels the tears drip down his cheeks.

 

“Then I’ll run with you, no matter where, no matter how far, if you need help, if you need anything, you just come find me.”

 

“The memory” is all Regulus says, swallowing heavily, and Sirius feels his heart break because this is the part he hates most as he prepares to forget.

 

He stares at his brother and memorises how he’s changed, his new hair length, and how he has to move his neck higher than before to look him in the eye.

 

Sirius remembers everything about Regulus just to forget him again.

 

“I love you, okay?” he says, making sure that Regulus nods before he continues. “I love you and I’m proud of you. Even when I forget this, make sure that you don’t.”

 

 

April 1981

 

There’s one vial left.

 

He’s almost through with them all, and he needs to finish it so he can have a cry, talk with Regulus, and then cry slightly more hysterically into Remus’ arms after everyone else has moved away from him.

 

He doesn’t say anything, just reaches his hand out for the vial, but Regulus doesn’t give it to him. He’s holding onto it so tightly that Sirius is surprised it hasn’t broken, and his eyes are squeezed shut. 

 

“Reggie?” he says carefully, inexplicably knowing that this is the most important memory. That this has something none of the others have. That this is the worst of all of them.

 

“Reggie?” he repeats, moving his hand forwards and taking the vial, which is given up easily like he's been holding onto it for too long. When Regulus looks up with red-rimmed, trembling eyes, Sirius feels his stomach drop as he sees not fear or anger but guilt radiating off his body in waves.

 

Fuck.

 

He doesn’t know where this memory begins or what it consists of.

 

But he knows how it ends.

 
Notes:

    ✨MAGNUM FUCKING OPUS✨

    They weren't Regulus' memories!! And welcome to the fic Pandora!!! And the Black brothers!!! Their entire relationship gives me life as much as it makes me cry.

    Also yes I know that if you view memories in a pensive then it will be objective and not have a POV but I also don't really care.

    This ends kind of as a cliff hanger? Kind of not? But there'll be no more cliff hangers for the rest of the fic which is just 2 pre prologue, 2 post prologue, a rosekiller interlude and a epilogue :)))) and then the fic is over rip :(((

    Favourite but also saddest lines: "Sirius remembers everything about him just to forget him again." I had a good cry over that one.

    And "they're not strangers anymore." also miserable but really nice.

    First place for utter misery is this one: "He’s in pain. It’s all pain; he’s in so much pain he's undoubtedly splinched himself, but it’s not a body part that he’s left behind. It’s his brother." that one I wrote months ago at work and was like ooooh that's horrible. Write a note to add in that when this interlude finally comes around.

Chapter 32: Chapter 27: November 1980
Summary:

    The last memory (of you)

Notes:

    Here we go :))) THERE IS A NEW (ISH) TW THAT'S GOING IN THE ENDNOTES WITH SPOILERS IF YOU MIGHT NEED IT!!

    Also I'm so glad you liked the last chapter because I was so proud of it and then I was like oh shit what if they hate it, but you didn't which is nice.

    Next chapter is post-prologue and its starting with a Sirius POV which will go exactly as you'll expect but then the rest of the chapter will be happy and nice and so so wholesome so you can actually afford to be excited for it :))

    I'll try for Sunday again, but it should be out by Wednesday next week at the latest :)))

    EDIT: Chapter will be out a few days later but probably by Sunday- it's ridiculously long and is still being written (but I'm 19k words in!!)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

November 1980

 

Regulus wakes up full of an unusual sense of excitement. The war is on his mind like it always is, but he’s spent the past nine months preparing for this moment, and if all goes to plan, he’ll have his fifth horcrux going up in flames by the end of the day. 

 

He thinks it’s the diadem that is hidden at Hogwarts; a fabled object like that shouldn’t be too hard to find, except it hasn’t been seen for over one thousand years, and he hasn’t got the slightest idea where to begin. Under the pureblood mask he wears, he’s an introvert, and he had catalogued nearly all of the hiding places at Hogwarts before first year was over. Even if he didn’t know what they were at the time, he would have remembered the distinct smell of a horcrux if he’d come into contact with one, especially if it was one as bold and extravagant as a diadem.

 

It’s lost, it’s literally called The Lost Diadem of Rowena Ravenclaw, and it’s rumoured to only be able to be found by a Ravenclaw. Regulus personally thinks that’s a load of shit because he consistently scored the top of his year without fail making him smarter than the Ravenclaws, but he also doesn’t want to take any chances. So, for the first time in over a year, Regulus finds himself in front of a familiar lavender doorway.

 

“Oh. Hello Regulus, I was just making tea.”

 

“Come to Hogwarts with me today?”

 

“Tea first,” Pandora says decisively, pulling him inside and wrapping him in a hug. “We’ll have tea, discuss your plan and then we’ll go to Hogwarts.”

 

 

It seems strange to be breaking into a public place, but that’s exactly what it feels like he’s doing.

 

Over summer, when the school is closed, witches and wizards can come and tour the grounds as they please since Hogwarts is one of the major historical sights of Wizarding Britain. While there isn’t free reign over the school when the students are there, the wards are still left with open access so parents, guests and potential students can come and visit their children or attend meetings with the respective staff member.

 

If it’s a Death Eater or a known criminal, then obviously, they won’t be able to walk in the front gate, but Regulus doesn’t quite know how they’ll treat the ex-Death Eaters or the presumed dead. So he’s going through the secret entrance in the cellar of Honeydukes that Sirius had told him about the third time Regulus visited him during the war when they were trading secrets. It’s going to come in handy now so that he doesn’t need to have his identity verified and identity found out, which would ruin everything he’s spent the past two and a half years working towards rather spectacularly. 

 

Pandora will go through the front gates because no one would ever think she had the capability of nefarious behaviour, let alone the chance of her actually doing anything, but Regulus is a Black and their family never lost the stereotypes that their ancestors earnt. If anything, they only showed why they deserved them. 

 

They disapparate into Hogsmeade, and the entire village is deserted. It’s eerie and unsettling, and compared to the Hogsmeade visits he took in sixth year, the town now seems apocalyptic. He walks far quicker than usual to get away from the exposed open space, and just before he gets to Honeydukes, Pandora branches off towards the path for Hogwarts. She’s not the one who needs to be invisible, and Regulus doubts anybody will have a problem with her coming to the castle.

 

“I’ll meet you in the alcove on the second floor?” he checks, hating the way he’s anxious for her safety as much as he’s glad she’s here.

 

Pandora just waves him off, entirely unbothered, from where she is already walking down the pathway. “Don’t fret, Regulus. I’ll be there.”

 

He turns around and enters Honeydukes, invisible and undetectable, and weaves his way through the few customers risking their safety in the middle of a war to buy liquorice wands and pumpkin pastilles. He almost wants to hex them for their sheer stupidity, but he doesn’t, which he thinks is a miracle on its own. 

 

Then just as Sirius said it would be, it’s easy to slip past the front counter into the stockroom, make his way behind the barrel of fizzing whizbees and move the boxes of chocolate frogs so he can see a dull metal handle resting on the floor, seamlessly blending in with the cobblestone flooring.

 

He pulls it up and slips underneath easily, but when the door closes again, bathing him in cold darkness with the air damp from the recent rainfall, he has to take a moment to force himself to breathe and not have a full-on meltdown in the middle of his horcrux raid.

 

It’s not the cave. It’s not the lake. You’re not going to die.

 

A shaky panicked breath.

 

You’re not in the cave; there’s no lake. Light your wand, and see.

 

A gasp that borderlines on hyperventilating.

 

It’s not the cave, light your wand, and you’ll see. There’s no cave, just –

 

“Lumos.”

 

The passageway, while still dark and cold and far too similar to the cave for Regulus to truly be comfortable, is fortunately different enough that he can breathe close enough to normal. He'd never admit it to anyone, but he's desperately waiting for the warmth of Hogwarts, even though there’d be an undoubtedly cold welcome if anybody found out that he was there.

 

He appears in the middle of a third-floor corridor, still invisible, and sees a few lost first-years anxiously trying to find their classroom and two seventh-years holding hands and clearly wagging class to shag.

 

It reminds him explicitly of his and Barty’s favourite broom cupboard, the way History of Magic was only tolerable to a certain extent and how Professor Binns never seemed to care or notice if anyone showed up to class.

 

It seems as surreal to be back at Hogwarts as it is unfair. Hogwarts was never quite his home, but it was always a place where he felt safe and could escape the weight of his parents’ expectations for a little while until he went home for the holidays.

 

He had his friends, and even though he didn’t have his brother, at least he knew he was safe and happy, and it seems genuinely unfair that Regulus was only ever going to be allowed 7 years of safety before he had to serve his family. It’s even more unfair that he didn’t get to have his seventh year here at all.

 

Instead, he had a year that he’s surprised he survived and another year and a half of war, pain and suffering, but despite everything, he’s back now.

 

He expected it would have changed, and coming back to Hogwarts would have been a life-altering event where everyone looked at him as some wise ancient being. Instead, it feels like he’s just come back after the holidays and has the night to settle in before classes start tomorrow.

 

He’s not here to learn anything, though. He’s here to get the horcrux and get out before anybody finds out he was here in the first place.

 

He meets Pandora without any difficulties, and even though everyone is in class and they’re currently alone, he’s fretting that his anti-tracking spell hasn’t worked properly and someone is going to find him on the wards.

 

“Did you run into anyone? Is anyone coming? Why did you take so long?” he asks quickly, and Pandora smiles fondly.

 

“Oh, I was chatting with the fairies and the wood-nymphs. I got side-tracked," and Regulus thinks if it was anyone else, he would have hexed her for daring to get side-tracked on their literal horcrux hunt against Voldemort.

 

“That was not part of the plan,” he hisses, deliberately flattening his palm against his thigh, so he doesn’t send a stinging hex. 

 

“Isn’t a plan just a guideline that gives us choices to diverge from?”

 

“That is exactly what a plan tells you not to do!”

 

“Well, if you won’t ask, I’ll tell you that I had an excellent talk with the fairies and the wood-nymphs, which was very informative. They told me exactly what needs to be done and where we should begin.”

 

“Well, what did they say then?” he asks impatiently, wondering if any of the creatures had heard something of the diadem and knew where to send them.

 

Pandora just smiles enigmatically and says, “nothing for you.”

 

 

“So first, we’re going to have a look in the trophy cabinet at the replica, and after that, we’ll know what we’re looking for and start cataloguing any clues –“

 

“We don’t need a replica of the crown; we need a replica of its owner," Pandora interrupts, whirling around in the corridor and forcing Regulus to follow behind her.

 

“What?” he asks in bewilderment, firstly trying to figure out what she’s talking about, then when they had discussed this and then feeling the frustration rising as he realises they haven’t.

 

“Come on, Regulus, I thought you wanted to have this done quickly,” she says lightly.

 

“I thought we agreed on a plan,” he bites out in annoyance.

 

“You have your plan, and I have mine; there just happens to be a lot of overlap,” she says sweetly, and Regulus scowls again but follows her anyways. Even when he doesn’t know what Pandora is doing, he knows he can always trust her, so he does.

 

They walk back the way they came, and Regulus looks over the staircase towards the dungeons with a wistful expression on his face, reminiscing on the days when he wasn’t quite a kid but hadn’t fully grown up either, where he had expectations to meet, but no one could check if he wasn’t meeting them. 

 

It was a time when his biggest stress was his parents finding out he was gay until that turned into worrying the wrong people would find out he had the Dark Mark. Now he’s back here about to laugh at how trivial it all seems three years later.

 

He hears his name being called even though he’s still invisible and jolts around to see Pandora halfway up the next flight of stairs.

 

“Don’t say my name out loud; the portraits could overhear,” he hisses. He’s being paranoid, he knows this, but honestly doesn’t know how to stop it.

 

“I suppose if you’d had a more common name, we wouldn’t have this problem, but we can’t all be named after a star.”

 

“What’s wrong with the stars?” he shoots back in offence, and Pandora just huffs and shakes her head slightly, which is her equivalent of Regulus cursing someone when they’re being annoying, and grabs his wrist again. 

 

“I can walk on my own,” he says petulantly. “Just tell me where we’re going.”

 

“If you’re going to act like a child, then I’ll drag you behind me like one”, she replies simply, and Regulus pulls the finger at her back, but she just keeps walking up and up and up towards the Ravenclaw tower. When Regulus realises that they’re not only going towards the Ravenclaw tower but to it, he stops suddenly, yanking on Pandora’s wrist to get her to turn around.

 

“We cannot go into the common room,” he says tightly, trying not to yell. “You need to stop right now and tell me what we are doing and what fucking replica diadem you’re looking for.”

 

"I already said what we were doing here," she says, unbothered by his mood, and before he can figure out what she’s talking about, she whirls towards some kind of study area located before the actual common room where the Grey Lady, the ghost of Ravenclaw tower, is staring out the window.

 

“Hello Helena, how are you?” she says, and Regulus feels his mouth drop open in shock.

 

“You’re Helena Ravenclaw?” he says aghast, removing the invisibility spell but keeping his glamours in place. “Why did no one ever know this?”

 

“I prefer the Grey Lady,” she says primly, already staring at him in contempt, and he’s unbelievably thankful that Pandora is there to intervene and whatever her plan is with the ghost doesn’t rely on Regulus’ ability to have a conversation without insulting someone.

 

“But Helena is such a lovely name,” Pandora says before nodding once. “As you wish, Grey Lady. We have some questions for you, if you don’t mind.”

 

“If this is about the diadem –“

 

“It is.”

 

“Then I have no idea where it is, where it could be, or why you think I could tell you anything.”

 

“Nothing at all?” Pandora asks. “It has become an aid to win the war –“

 

“Preposterous.”

 

“And we would really appreciate it if you could assist us; it might help to free yourself from the blubbering humdingers around you.”

 

“Are you mocking me?” she asks, narrowing her eyes at Pandora. “I said I couldn’t help you, so if that is all –“

 

“You’re a shit liar,” Regulus hears himself say before he can stop himself. Pandora is staring at him in a way that clearly says shut up and let me talk, but he ignores her. “If you really didn’t know where it could be, you would’ve gotten annoyed and already left, but you don’t want fleeing to seem like an admission of guilt. So, you answer the same question asked by centuries worth of students with the same carefully detached tone in an attempt to mimic disinterest, but it’s ineffective because I’m not falling for it.”

 

He’s pleased to see she looks taken aback for a moment before her mask falls back into place.

 

“Your guess was wrong, boy,” she says coolly, but Regulus feels the best he’s felt in months, knowing he’s following a lead and hoping it ends in a fight. 

 

“It can’t be wrong if it’s the truth,” he replies sharply, and she winces imperceptibly again.

 

“I shall not indulge in this nonsense anymore –“

 

“And now you’re about to flee because I’m getting too close to the truth, and you’re uncomfortable, but you know I’m the one with the power. If I let it slip that you know something about the diadem, you will never find peace again, and you already suffer enough with an eternal existence as it is.”

 

“You say you have the power, but I’m the one with the secrets.”

 

“So you do have secrets then.”

 

The Grey Lady looks furious with herself, and Regulus barely resists the urge to smirk.

 

“You know where it is, or you knew where it used to be, and now you feel guilty because of the consequences. You either did something and are now reaping the consequences that even death can’t free you from, or you did nothing and forever wish you had.”

 

“How well you know me”, she says mockingly, neither confirming nor denying anything.

 

How well I know myself.

 

“This is a war, and in war, there are always sacrifices,” he says ruthlessly. “You need to get rid of your guilt complex long enough to help us win, or do you want to watch more of the students you watched grow up die when you could have prevented it? Do you really want more blood on your hands?” 

 

The Grey Lady stares at him. Regulus stares right back.

 

Staring.

 

Staring.

 

Staring.

 

“Who is the person you aspired to become but ultimately lost in the end?” she asks, and Regulus scowls at the stupid Ravenclaws talking in stupid riddles, making him think about his stupid brother.

 

“No one,” he bites out, and for the first time in this entire conversation, the Grey Lady smiles.

 

“I will not be so uncouth as to repeat your exact words, but you do not possess the lying skills you claim I lack either.” Regulus refuses to respond, too busy repressing any and every thought of his brother when she continues. “Mine was my mother.” 

 

Regulus looks up, hoping that they’re getting somewhere.

 

“I’ve lost my mother too, but I always carry her with me,” Pandora interrupts, and they both look at her, almost having forgotten she was there. “How did you try to carry her?”

 

“I didn’t,” she says, regrets showing in her eyes. “I pushed her away so I could take her place. I wanted to become her, but when that didn’t work, I took the one thing she loved more than me. I took her diadem, and when she tried to hunt me down to find it, she only found me, so she left again. I was only wanted until I wasn’t needed.”  

 

Regulus forces more of his emotions down until his mind is eerily calm.

 

“Where did you leave it?” he asks.

 

“Where I left it is not where it is now. What is a lost object but an object another has hidden?” and Regulus understands again.

 

“You told someone else this story,” he confirms, and the Grey Lady looks haunted.

 

“Yes.”

 

“A boy, the same age as me.”

 

“Yes.”

 

“Tom Riddle.”

 

“Yes,” and while she makes it sound like condemnation, Regulus feels victorious. He’s confirmed the existence of another horcrux.

 

“We think it’s at Hogwarts,” he tries next, but the Grey Lady only shakes her head sadly. “If it is, it is in darkness; it was not brought here to be seen by many,” but Regulus doesn’t see that as a problem either. He was born and raised in a family of darkness, so finding it will be instinctive instead of impossible.

 

“Thank you for your help," he says sincerely with only a hint of impatience.

 

“You will end this war?”

 

“Inevitably.”

 

“Then you’re welcome,” and when she has drifted through the wall, Regulus turns to face Pandora, already exhausted.

 

“Is that what every conversation with a Ravenclaw is like? How on Earth did you survive?”

 

“My superior intellect,” she says, smiling sweetly at him before she hits him lightly on the shoulder. “I can’t believe you used her own guilt against her to coerce her to tell the truth; I never would have even thought of doing that,” and Regulus can’t tell if it makes him a good or bad person.

 

Probably both.

 

He’s a good person because he knows he has a weakness and has enough emotional capability to know how guilt can feel. He also thinks he’s a bad person in the regard he doesn’t really care about exploiting weaknesses when they’re not his own.

 

“It’s just my superior intellect,” he shoots back, smiling.

 

“You relate, you mean. Don’t think I don’t know that conversation was about –“

 

“Shut the fuck up, Dora.”

 

“What was it? And you’re about to flee now that I’m too close to the truth?”

 

“Fuck off.”

 

“Love you too, Reg.”

 

 

Regulus makes himself invisible again and storms out of the room, and Pandora just laughs and follows him, somehow able to know exactly where he’s going. When they make it to the kitchens to sit down and have a drink, he holds the door open for her so she knows she’s been forgiven.

 

He removes his invisibility spell when he gets to the kitchens, although he keeps his glamours in place, and the elves swarm around them, already laying out a huge spread of cheeses and tarts and quiches and cakes where Regulus tries desperately not to think of Kreacher and thinks of nothing else.

 

“Oh, kind Sir and kind Madam coming to visit us in the kitchens. Can we get you anything else? If there is anything else you need, then you only need to ask,” they say, clamouring over one another in their endeavour to please.

 

“We’re fine, thank you, but we’ll let you know if we need anything,” Pandora replies, and half of the elves squeal in genuine delight that someone has thanked them.

 

“Oh, what a kind Madam, so, so kind.”

 

Regulus impatiently casts a silencing spell around the two of them and then talks through precisely what just happened and where to go next. It’s equal parts calming as it is stressful to have someone with him, and even though half of him wants to tell Pandora to go home so he knows she’s safe, he never voices it.

 

“So, what was that?” he asks, ignoring all of the food while Pandora bites into a lemon tart and stares at him consideringly.

 

“What was what?”

 

“The entire interaction with the Grey Lady, which was not on the plan –“

 

“It was on my plan.”

 

“Shut the fuck up.”

 

“The nargles won’t leave until your anger does –“ she sings, and Regulus takes a deep breath and blows it out as he picks up his cup of tea.

 

“Sorry,” he says with genuine apology in his tone. “I’m just on edge. I don’t want anything to go wrong.”

 

“Understandable, really,” she replies. “But no war is won without sacrifices.”

 

“Yes, I’m aware of that,” he says sharply. “Like the memories and –“ he gestures in a roundabout way that he knows Pandora understands to be Sirius.

 

“Yes, amongst other things,” she says. “I’m calm about everything that is going to happen, so with your temper or not, I’m glad to be here with you,” which only makes Regulus feel worse for snapping at her. 

 

“I’m glad you’re here too,” he murmurs honestly, his face softening helplessly before he forces his mask back up. “So what did we learn besides she stole her mother’s diadem, Tom Riddle found it and then hid it somewhere in the world?”

 

“Well, we learnt that it’s been hidden somewhere, didn’t we?” she says, and Regulus can’t help rolling his eyes in exasperation. He’s glad Pandora is here, that’s not a lie, but he’s been alone for so long that he’s almost forgotten how to talk to people without threatening their life in the process. 

 

That fact doesn’t stop him from taking his stress out on her.

 

“Yes, I’m well aware, and that is the problem, Pandora,” he says annoyedly. “It is hidden, and we don’t know where. That is the problem I have faced since the beginning and is the entire point of this stupid fucking horcrux hunt –“

 

“Drink your tea Regulus. I hadn’t finished speaking,” and Regulus shuts up and stares at her because she is looking as unimpressed with him as she ever does as she cancels the silencing spell around them.

 

Regulus has the fleeting thought of wondering why he brought her with him and all the benefits of sending her back home, because what is she doing and why did she cancel the spell when they cannot risk the elves overhearing anything –

 

“Can one of you help us?” she asks, staring at the elves who all scurry over from where they were cooking, cleaning, or resting to look at her with eager eyes.

 

“Of course.”

 

“What can we do for the gracious madam?”

 

“Piffy is happy to serve.”

 

“And Wally.”

 

“And Polly.”

 

“And Olly.”

 

“Pandora, what are you doing?” Regulus hisses, but she ignores him, and when Regulus feels his fingers wrapping around his wand, he takes a deep breath in and deliberately counts downwards from ten. 

 

“You’ve seen a lot of the castle throughout your time working here, so can you tell us the best hiding spot? Where would we look in Hogwarts if we needed to find something hidden?”

 

Regulus closes his eyes and tries not to scream. Or cry. Or curse something. The last time he tried to involve a house elf in his horcrux hunt, Kreacher died, Regulus nearly did too, and Sirius got brought into the horcrux hunt by association. He’s stressed enough by having Pandora here, let alone eighty house elves running through the school with them.

 

He stands up and is about to walk out, and is hoping Pandora follows him, especially when he hears their suggestions.

 

“Dig a hole in the forbidden forest.”

 

Voldemort would never.

 

“Have you checked behind the tapestries?”

 

Stupid idea.

 

“What about in the middle of the Black lake?”

 

Fuck no. No more swimming, please no more water.

 

“Oh, you want the come-and-go room, don’t you?” Piffy says excitedly. “You need the room of hidden things,” and all the house elves squeal in delight.

 

“Oh yes, yes, the come-and-go room, the room of hidden things, that is what you will be wanting.”

 

“Where can we find it?” Regulus asks sharply, his brisk exit forgotten because he’s never heard of it before, and he needs to do something or try something even if there’s no yield. He’s getting too antsy being in Hogwarts, and he needs to get out as soon as he can before he casts fiendfyre on the entire building and hopes the horcrux burns in the process.

 

“On the seventh-floor corridor between the two trolls doing Ballet,” Piffy says eagerly. “Walk past three times and ask the room for what you need, and it will give it to you –“

 

“Thank you,” he says curtly. “Don’t follow us.” Then he walks straight out of the room, making himself invisible again and starts heading up the stairs towards the seventh floor. Pandora catches up to him a couple of minutes later and hooks her elbow in his “so you can’t run away again,” and Regulus just sighs.

 

They get to the seventh-floor corridor, and Regulus can’t help but pull ahead impatiently, even as Pandora’s hand stays wrapped around his elbow. He’s planning on taking his time to make sure that they get this right and get out as soon as possible when the bell rings, signalling the start of lunch and the eerie sense of calm he’d been experiencing all day dies with the sound of the bell.

 

“Run,” he hisses, trying to pull her along behind him, but Pandora just keeps walking at the same pace without seeming bothered in the slightest.

 

“I’m not invisible like you, Regulus. It would only cause suspicion,” she says calmly, and Regulus scowls knowing that she’s annoyingly right and he's not on his own today.

 

“Then walk faster!”  Pandora huffs out a laugh and changes nothing. 

 

They’re around the corner from the corridor they need, and they're so close when a voice behind them makes Regulus freeze.

 

“Mrs Lovegood, what brings you to Hogwarts today?” and he can feel Pandora subtly holding his wand hand in hers with a don’t do it, don’t curse him, control yourself Regulus warning.

 

“Professor Dumbledore, how lovely to see you again.”

 

 

Regulus has never been more glad to be invisible, so he doesn’t need to bother with this conversation. Unfortunately, they also need to go and making small talk with fucking Dumbledore was not on the plan.

 

“I’m just here to do some reminiscing,” Pandora says lightly. “It’s been a long time since I’ve been here, and an even longer time until I come back again.”

 

“There is no need to stay away,” Dumbledore says in his usual genial manner. “Hogwarts will always be a home to those who need it. Can I interest you in a cup of tea and a biscuit?” 

 

“Of course,” she replies, subtly pushing Regulus away from her and following Dumbledore, leading him away from Regulus and away from the room of hidden things that may or may not exist.

 

Regulus pulls the finger at him behind his back and turns in the opposite direction until he comes across the two trolls doing ballet and remembers what the house elf had told him.

 

I need the room where everything is hidden. I need the room where everything is hidden. I need the room where everything is hidden. 

 

When he opens his eyes, a grand door with brass handles exists where there was only a wall moments ago.

 

Regulus checks that no one is around then slips inside, and when he looks around, there are thousands upon thousands of objects that range from chairs to cabinets to cauldrons and chopping boards. There is a variety of literally everything anyone could ever need, and amongst the musty curtains and scented candles is a trace of dirty, spoilt magic.

 

Dark Magic.

 

Voldemort.

 

Horcrux.

 

He follows the smell and can taste the magic becoming more and more potent the closer he gets, almost like he’s playing a fucked up, twisted game of hot or cold.

 

He passes mops and chains and clothes racks and benches.

 

There are basins and buckets and vases and bracelets.

 

There is a wardrobe with a bust of an ugly man wearing a red wig and a diadem.

 

A diadem.

 

Diadem

 

Diadem

 

Diadem.

 

He checks for compulsions or curses, and when he finds nothing, he picks it up off the shelf and feels like he can fly; he’s so euphoric with relief.

 

It’s been almost 9 months since he found the cup, and it’s been a fucking long, hopeless 9 months, but now this is horcrux number five.

 

He thinks the warm feeling in his chest isn’t exactly hope for a happy ending but hope for a life after the war where he stops suffering. Where if he’s lucky, he’ll get his friends back. Where if he’s even luckier, he’ll get his brother back.

 

Does he deserve it? Not in the slightest, but he thinks he’s starting to believe he can have it anyways.

 

He shrinks the diadem, puts it in his mokeskin pouch, and almost runs back to the door in his haste to leave. He needs to get off Hogwarts grounds, cast his wards, destroy the horcrux and then celebrate.

 

The end is near, and one way or another, Regulus will make sure it arrives.

 

 

The classes are thankfully finished when he sneaks back out into the corridor, but Pandora is nowhere to be seen when he gets back to the alcove they agreed to meet in.

 

He's antsy and fretful and uncomfortably restless, but it's no more than twenty minutes later until she comes around the corner, her eyes squinting slightly as if she’s trying to see an outline of him. He grabs her arm, making her eyes snap to where his head should be, and mutters, “I’ve got it. Can we go?”

 

“Yes, I’ve made my peace here,” she replies, and this time Regulus taps the humpback witch, says, “dissendium,” and then they both climb through it. It’s only when they’re in the tunnel, well and truly out of Hogwarts, that Regulus speaks.

 

“So what did Dumbledore want?” he asks, hating him as much as he’s curious to know what he’s doing. Got to stay a step ahead of the enemy after all.

 

“Nothing you’d care about,” Pandora says, and Regulus laughs before he can stop himself, endlessly grateful that she’s here and knows him well enough to not talk about Dumbledore unnecessarily in his presence.

 

Is he the one who asked the question? Yes, but that’s beside the point.

 

“What he didn’t say, but I inferred nonetheless, is a lot more interesting,” she says, and Regulus whips his head around and stares at her.

 

She stares back.

 

“Well?” he says impatiently. “What didn’t he say?” 

 

“Quite a lot, actually. There are over one million words in the English language –“

 

“Either speak normally or shut up!”  and Pandora just laughs again.

 

“He asked if I’d heard anything about he-who-must-not-be-named, and I said no, because I hadn’t, and I’m not going to tell him anything you told me –“

 

“What else?”

 

“He asked me if I’d had any visions of where the Dark Lord will be going next –“

 

“And have you?”

 

“I told him I hadn’t.”

 

“But have you?”

 

Pandora only smiles at him and ignores the rest of his questions.

 

“He then asked me to tell him if I did have any visions, and more importantly, if he was looking for something, because his source –“

 

“Snape.”

 

“Said that Voldemort had been doing home visits to all his wealthy followers and that he’d been studying their antiques. So, if I had a vision of anything like that, especially if he took something with him, then I should tell him.”

 

“And so?”

 

“That’s it.”

 

“So he wants you to tell him something, and you don’t know anything? How is that interesting in the slightest –“

 

“I know plenty, thank you very much,” she says primly, looking as offended as she ever does before she stares at Regulus again. “Houses are a social construct. I don’t need to solve the problem just because I’m a Ravenclaw, so you can figure it out.” 

 

She stares at him as Regulus replays her words in his head, trying to figure things out and place what could be happening. He's thinking about what Dumbledore might know and what he doubts Pandora would be associated with as someone who isn’t picking sides in the war, what Voldemort could be looking for, and why he could still be looking for something and –

 

And

 

And

 

His mouth falls open in shock, the euphoria from before comes back, and he looks down at his feet on the floor and is surprised he isn’t flying.

 

“There aren’t seven horcruxes yet,” he says breathlessly. “He’s still looking for the last one,” and Pandora beams at him. “I knew your head wasn’t full of nargles.”

 

They keep walking in silence, and Regulus thinks about what this means for him and what it means for the war.

 

The main thing is that it’s nearly over.

 

The last horcrux is the snake, Nagini. And then he can kill Voldemort. And then the war is over.

 

The Dark Mark spell and the potion are all ready to go, so the end of the war is literally two curses away; he just has to hope that he casts them before any can be sent back to him.

 

There’s not just hope in his chest; there’s a slight bit of excitement for the future and something unfamiliar but tender. He thinks it’s because, for the first time in a very, very long time, he’s proud of himself.

 

He’s managed to do something good, and with the exception of memory removals and curses that healed, no one he cares about has been hurt by it. It’s a first for him, and he can’t help himself as he laughs breathlessly in sheer exhilaration.

 

Pandora just looks at him fondly, like she’s trying to capture his rare moment of happiness to take with her wherever she goes.

 

“Thank you for coming today,” he says genuinely. “It would’ve been a much longer process to find it without you, and I may have spent the rest of my life searching for the last horcrux.”

 

Pandora smiles at him and replies, equally genuine, “I’m glad we had today together.”

 

“Yeah, me too.”

 

 

When they’re out of Honeydukes and are standing near the secluded apparation point behind the Hogs Head, Regulus removes his invisibility and is surprised when Pandora casts a spell to hide them from the public eye, even though there’s literally no one here.

 

“Will you take off your glamours?” she asks. “I know I’m about to forget you, but I’d still like something to remember you by,” which Regulus doesn’t think makes any sense at all, but he still does as she asks.

 

She reminds him of Sirius in this moment, albeit with less tears and less distress. Still, the way her eyes categorise every part of him like she’s desperately trying to hold onto something slipping away makes his heart clench with guilt as well as gratitude. She knows what he’s going to ask her, and she’s going to hate it, but she’s going to do it anyways.

 

She reaches into her pocket and pulls out a vial with sunflowers on it, and looks at him sadly, and even though Regulus hates the entire memory removal process and the consequent guilt it brings, he’s still feeling fucking elated.

 

He used to think his life could best be summed up as wasted potential, his existence redundant in every way, but now he’s finally getting to where he wants to be: living in a life without war and finding his way home.

 

The end is near, but so is the beginning because his future is no longer inscribed on a tombstone. He looks at Pandora, hugs her tight, and then smiles, genuinely happy for the first time in a long time because there’s no cost attached to the hope in his heart.

 

“I’ll see you next time,” he says with pure certainty and he only laughs when Pandora completes their routine.

 

“We’ll see.”

 

Pandora gives him the memory, and Regulus disapparates to the outskirts of Redmire and laughs as he casts his wards.

 

He’s laughing as he casts fiendfyre and destroys the diadem.

 

He’s laughing as he realises that the only thing standing between him and the end of the war is a 40-foot snake and a killing curse.

 

The only time he stops laughing in pure exhilarated euphoria is when he goes to bed, but even then, he falls asleep smiling and dreams of going home.

 

 

He stops laughing two days later when he picks up a copy of the Daily Prophet and sees the charred remains of a lavender door and a pile of rubble where a house used to be.

 

He stops laughing when he sees the Dark Mark above the house.

 

He stops laughing when he reads the headline, Lovegood killed by you-know-who after stealing priceless family artefacts.

 

He stops laughing and starts sobbing, knowing that Pandora is dead.

 

She's dead

 

She’s dead.

 

Shes –

 

Dead

 

Dead

 

Dead

 

Dead.

 

Dead.

 

And it’s all his fault.

 

Despite the title, Voldemort hadn’t actually killed her personally; it had been suicide with a painless, irreversible, fast-acting potion, and the article says the only reason she would have had it is if she had something to hide.

 

Regulus knows better.

 

Voldemort somehow found out that someone was looking for his horcruxes, and he wouldn’t have stopped searching until he found them and killed them.

 

He wouldn’t have stopped until he’d found and killed Regulus, so Pandora took the fall for him.

 

All of the vague answers and her double meanings make sense with newfound clarity, as Regulus realises that she knew exactly what coming to Hogwarts with him meant for herself, but she still did it.

 

For him.

 

Regulus still doesn’t know how Voldemort found out or how Pandora’s name came into play, but whatever the circumstances were, nothing can change the fact that Pandora Lovegood is dead, and it’s all Regulus’ fault.

 

This wasn’t what he meant when he said wars are won through sacrifice.

 

 

Regulus, not very cleverly but unable to help himself, disapparates to Pandora’s home, or rather the remains of it, and while there are thankfully no Death Eaters hanging around, there’s also no house.

 

It wasn’t one spell that brought it down, but rather a series of blasting curses and incendios, and the Dark Mark that Regulus wears on his arm is still hovering in the sky.

 

Look what we did,  it says to most people.

 

Look what you made us do,  it says to Regulus, and Regulus can’t help himself as he drops to his knees and sobs again in such a contrast to how he felt two days ago.

 

He should’ve learnt the first time he got his hopes up that it would end in disappointment, but he’s always been weak, weak, weak.

 

And so he believed.

 

And he took that step forward.

 

And life shoved him further back than he’d started, so now he’s lying on the ground, winded and unable to breathe.

 

She’s dead.

 

Dead.

 

She’s dead.

 

It’s your fault.

 

She’s dead.

 

Because of you.

 

She’s dead. 

 

She knew it was going to happen.

 

She’s dead

 

She’s dead.

 

It should have been you.

 

It should have been you.

 

Why wasn’t it me?

 

He jolts out of his stupor when he feels something touching his arm, and raises his wand, ready to fight, only to see Briar, the stupid plant he’s secretly grown to like looking taller and healthier than he’s ever seen her, thriving on his pure emotional distress and the utter chaos that’s surrounded the past two days.

 

He mindlessly shrinks her down and puts her in his pocket, a tangible memory of Pandora to carry with him. Then he takes a deep breath and occludes away everything until he’s feeling nothing but a desperate need for revenge.

 

 

It’s brutal.

 

He glamours himself and walks straight through Diagon Alley, looking around for anyone who could be associated with the Death Eaters. Yaxley is the first person he finds.

 

Regulus drags him into an alleyway, shoves him against the wall so hard he thinks he breaks Yaxley’s back, and then he has his wand to his throat. 

 

“Who went on the mission to Pandora Lovegood’s house,” he hisses, and he doesn’t doubt that he looks absolutely feral, glamours and all, but Yaxley doesn’t take it seriously.

 

He only smirks and says, “people who knew what she deserved.”

 

The next few seconds or minutes are a blur really that Regulus doesn’t remember, but when his mind comes out of the red haze he’d lost himself in, there’s blood on his hands and blood on the wall and an ache in his fist and a corpse at his feet.

 

If he didn’t know it was Yaxley when he came after him, he wouldn’t recognise him now, and Regulus leaves him lying in the alleyway without a second thought; it’s the least of what he deserves.

 

He finds Travers outside Borgin and Burkes, and he gets the same treatment; shoved against the wall, he makes a comment about the whole thing like it’s a joke, and then when Regulus zones back into reality, there’s blood everywhere, and Travers’ body is in 6 different pieces, scattered across the ground.

 

Regulus hadn’t even used his wand.

 

Lucius Malfoy is next, further down Knockturn Alley where he is buying undoubtedly illegal goods, and Regulus somehow manages to restrain himself from killing him on sight because, despite everything, he still likes Narcissa and knows she does genuinely love Lucius.

 

Poor judgement, but she’s still his favourite cousin.

 

He doesn’t treat Lucius nicely, and he still gets the same shoved against the wall and threatened with death treatment as the others.

 

“Who went to assassinate Pandora Lovegood?” he asks in a dangerous tone of voice. 

 

Lucius looks at him coolly and replies, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

 

Regulus cuts a very thin line across his throat, and he knows his eyes show the promise that he’ll only go deeper if he stalls again.

 

“I said,” he says, clearly enunciating each word. “Who went to assassinate Pandora Lovegood?”

 

Some internal conflict seems to be warring within Lucius, as he relaxes under Regulus’ hold and says, “Bellatrix Lestrange, Joseph Mulciber, Samson Avery and Oliver Yaxley.” Regulus’ two emotions at that admission are utter relief that Barty and Evan weren’t there and cruel satisfaction that he didn’t let Yaxley go.

 

“When is the next Death Eater meeting?” he asks, and Lucius hesitates again. It earns him a deeper cut across his neck that just misses his trachea, and he swallows heavily and glances upwards like he’s praying before looking at Regulus. He's still glamoured, but Lucius doesn’t seem to care.

 

“Thursday 19th November at 4am.”

 

“Where?” he says sharply, digging his wand in.

 

“It will be in my humble home.”

 

“And afterwards?”

 

“At 8am in the woods near Tewkesbury, the Dark Lord has organised a training day.”

 

“A murder spree.”

 

“Call it what you like.”

 

“Why are you telling me this?” Regulus asks because Lucius is a coward, but he’s still a slippery bastard who is never forthcoming with answers, and he wants to know if he’s leading himself into a trap or not. 

 

Lucius stares at him for a long moment before he makes whatever decision he is warring over.

 

“My wife and I are expecting a child in June,” he says reluctantly. “I do not want him to grow up without a father,” and Regulus thinks occlude, occlude, occlude and forces his facial expression not to falter because he spent his childhood hearing about this child from Narcissa.

 

“Draco won’t be raised in a warzone,” he murmurs, his eyes showing his promise, but before Lucius can reply or react, Regulus casts oblivate and lets him go.

 

 

Mulciber and Avery both die that afternoon. 

 

They don’t have the privilege of a quick death nor the luck of passing out and escaping the pain.

 

They take curse after curse, and when they’re on the brink of death, Regulus heals them and starts the process all over again.

 

They bleed out, they suffocate, their bones break, and their necks snap clean off their spines, and the louder they scream, the calmer Regulus gets.

 

He heals them and breaks their bones again.

 

He heals them and peels the skin back from their body like he’s taking off a sock.

 

He heals them and chokes them and heals them and beats them, and after nine hours too little because they deserve a lifetime of torture, he feeds them a vial of a slow-acting, agonising poison, the opposite of Pandora’s, that is irreversible and lasts for 48 hours.

 

He oblivates them before they go and removes every memory they have except for pain and fear. Then he breaks their bones again, makes sure they’re bleeding and leaves them to die on their living room floor.

 

It doesn’t make the pain and guilt and grief he knows he’ll feel for Pandora when his shields eventually drop any lesser, but in his calm and emotionless state, there’s a hint of cruel but delighted vindication that warms his cold, cold heart.

 

It’s Monday morning by the time he’s finished his first round of avenging, and he puts up his tent and has a shower, washing away the blood and wishing he could wash away his memories too.

 

He’s far too calm again, unhealthily detached from everything, but he can’t quite find it within himself to care. His mind is set on nothing more than revenge which consists of killing Bellatrix another day when her guard is lower and finding out how Voldemort found out someone was hunting his horcruxes in the first place. For now, though, it’s time to kill Nagini and then Voldemort.

 

And Regulus has three days to plan how to do it, because it’s time.

 

It’s time.

 

It’s finally time.

 

It’s time to end the fucking war.

 

 
Notes:

    TW: There is an active (passive?) suicide here where Pandora takes a deadly posion so she won't be tortured, but there's nothing from her POV and it's only mentioned in one sentence (although it's talked about in other sentences non-explicity as Regulus grieves).

     

    Well..... Pandora put the die in diadem, didn't she :(((((

    Good news is that even though the chapters won't be entirely fluff from her on out, they won't be sad anymore!!!!

    Hope you enjoyed (as much as you can)

    "This wasn’t what he meant when he said wars are won through sacrifice." is the line that made me feel the most.

Chapter 33: Chapter 28 (Part one): April 1981 - June 1981
Summary:

    Fifth time lucky?

Notes:

    Hellloooooooo thank you for waiting, the chapter is finally here!! It's split across 2 ao3 chapters because I refused to post 24k words in one block, however it is the same chapter in the same timeframe so just pretend it's one chapter :)))

    Happiest chapter of the fic for sure!!! Bit of angst and sadness obviously because it's me, but it's mostly good which you'll like :)))))

    Bad news, you'll need to wait probably 3 weeks for the next update because uni starts on Monday and life is busy- good news, ITS ROSEKILLER INTERLUDE TIME AT LAST, so it will be at least 30k words I assume hence the long wait.

    Hope you enjoy as always, and can't wait for your thoughts :)))

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

April 1981 – June 1981

 

When Sirius pulls his head out of the pensive, everything is still.

 

Everything is so still that he can't help but wonder if this is a memory too, if this moment is real, if anything is real.

 

He's crying, not as hard as he was after his own memories, but crying nonetheless as everything he just saw, felt, and remembered hits him, leaving him feeling a strange mixture of numb and overwhelmed.

 

There were times throughout the war when he thought this couldn't be it, times when he swore there were answers waiting for him just out of reach, unaware that the truth lay in his brother's hands.

 

There were other times when he found himself staring at the stars, unable to believe that a single star and a lifetime of memories was all he had left of his brother, hating the injustice of how Sirius and Regulus in the sky got to be together, but Sirius and Regulus on the Earth didn't.

 

There were times when he couldn't acknowledge his death, refused to acknowledge it, desperately wishing there was another life waiting for him that both he and his brother could live in, but he'd never entertained the thought that it could be this one.

 

Because he didn't know then, he didn't know that they weren't who they used to be. He didn't know they'd become brothers again.

 

But he remembers now.

 

He remembers Regulus crying in his crib.

 

He remembers Regulus' first time he performed magic.

 

He remembers searching for fairies in the garden.

 

He remembers his brother being sorted into Slytherin.

 

He remembers his brother ignoring him at Hogwarts.

 

He remembers his brother, who watched him go through the floo and condemned himself.

 

He remembers his brother who came to him covered in blood and dying.

 

He remembers his brother who killed his parents so they wouldn't hurt Sirius.

 

He remembers his brother who worried about him.

 

He remembers his brother who missed him.

 

He remembers his brother who loves him.

 

He remembers his brother.

 

Time starts again, and the Earth keeps turning, but Regulus is still frozen.

 

He's standing in front of James who has his arms wrapped around him, and he's standing so still with his eyes squeezed shut like he's pretending that this isn't real, like he's just a memory too. He's not looking at anyone but standing like he's waiting for a fight, hoping that putting it off will soften the blow.

 

For once, Sirius doesn't want to fight with him.

 

"Reggie," he says quietly, not quite knowing what he needs to do but knowing he needs to do something.

 

"Regulus," he repeats.

 

"Regulus!" he says louder, touching his shoulder, and Regulus jumps at this, his eyes shooting open, and Sirius can see the guilt and panic and stress and fear.

 

Pure blatant terror is written in his eyes, and Sirius thinks he'd laugh if he weren't so close to crying again. "I meant it when I said I wasn't leaving you, Reggie," he murmurs. "Even after this."

 

"But you will," Regulus replies, his voice hoarse and wrecked but full of conviction as he squeezes his eyes shut again and breathes out, "you still haven't heard the worst of it."

 

Sirius feels his heart drop. 

 

"Are there more memories?" he asks shrilly because while he'd watch them for Regulus, there is absolutely no part of them that wants to.

 

If Sirius thought Regulus was still before though, now he's a statue, frozen in time and hoping he can stay in the moment before this one, hoping the present never catches up.

 

"There are no more memories," Regulus says tightly, his entire body vibrating with visible tension, and the longer he stalls, the more worried Sirius gets; he doesn't know what could be worse than what he's just seen, doesn't know that he ever wants to know.

 

But Regulus needs someone to hear it, so he prepares himself to listen.

 

"Then…?"

 

"Do you want to know the worst part?" he asks, and Sirius doesn't, doesn't, doesn't, but Regulus doesn't seem to need an answer as he looks around, eyes wild as his entire body shudders and then he opens his mouth to speak.

 

"When the article came out, the worst thing I've ever done, or felt, it's when the article, when she –" and then he seems to gag on his words as he chokes out a horribly ragged sentence that cracks in the middle. "When I first read the article, and it was my fault, all my fault she's dead, I should have felt something for her, but instead, my first thought was relief that it hadn't been you –" and Sirius feels the breath punch out of him as Regulus collapses under the weight of his confession and falls apart on floorboards.

 

"Fuck, Reggie," he says, because how else can you respond to that except to drop to the floor, guide your brother's head to your shoulder and let them cry there. "Just give us a moment, Prongs," he murmurs, who seems to hesitate for a moment, trying to see if Regulus wants him to stay, but Sirius genuinely doesn't think Regulus even knows James is still there. 

 

"Wait outside the door if you want; I'll call you if he asks," and James glances at Regulus again, who is almost hyperventilating into his brother's shoulder. When James meets Sirius' eyes, Sirius doesn't know what he sees, but he nods and leaves the room, leaving Sirius alone with his brother, who he thinks is letting himself truly, properly grieve for possibly the first time ever. It's quite frankly a messy disaster, but Sirius can't help but be grateful that despite the past decade, they're still brothers. 

 

Regulus still needs his brother, and Sirius still comes.

 

"Still not going anywhere," he murmurs, trying to reassure him. "Even after this," except this has the opposite effect he'd hoped for of Regulus crying harder, genuinely choking and coughing on the force of his sobs. Sirius would be tempted to give him a calming draught if he didn't think this was important; sometimes, when you're full of broken pieces and ugly parts, you need to fall apart to put yourself together again.

 

So Sirius sits on the floor and lets his brother cry to make up for all the times he couldn't, for all the times he needed to but didn't, and for all the times he did but had no one to talk to about it and only felt worse in the aftermath.

 

He sits in place and tries not to cry, and Regulus assumably tries to stop crying but doesn't manage it for a long time.

 

When he does, though, he doesn't move away completely or withdraw, leaving Sirius pleasantly surprised but significantly more concerned. They end up sitting side by side, leaning against the couch with Sirius staring at Regulus and Regulus determinedly not staring at Sirius.

 

"You can go," Regulus mutters, looking at his nails. "You don't have to stay here and help me deal with this; you can go find Lupin or something –"

 

Sirius half wants to hit him, and half wants to cry again and settles for "shut the fuck up, Reggie" with a lot less venom than it usually holds.

 

Regulus does and noticeably relaxes, and then they go back to sitting in silence.

 

"What was it like here after I'd left?" he asks. "That's the one thing I don't know about you now, what it was like between me leaving and you disappearing –"

 

"Oh, it was fucking grand Sirius," Regulus snaps instantly, and Sirius is relieved that he's not tracking towards another breakdown and is feeling himself enough to be an utter prick until he hears the words that come out of his brother's mouth.

 

"We've always been an all or nothing family, haven't we?" he begins, darkly amused. "You ran away, found your everything, and I got nothing. Our parents were like that too; they'd either ignore me for weeks, or I'd never get any alone time, just their voices constantly around me and constantly in my head."

 

"Saying…?"

 

"That I wasn't strong enough, wasn't bold enough, didn't have enough ambition as their heir. That I was a disappointment, a failure, but above all inadequate," he says nonchalantly as though he's reading from a script, and for a moment, Sirius genuinely resents the fact that his parents are dead because it means that he can't go out right now and kill them himself. 

 

"Regulus. Wait, what? You're not, but we'll come back to that," and then Sirius asks the question currently burning in his mind. "I know you pushed me through the floo, but did you ever regret it? Did you wish I'd come back?" and he's honestly expecting a fight, not for Regulus to smile, almost nostalgically, as his eyes glaze over slightly, fixed on a memory.

 

"Oh, absolutely," he says with bitter amusement. "I always have been selfish, so I always wished you'd come back, even though I sent you away in the first place. Another cutting hex, and I'd wish you would put the bandages on instead of me, you always were better. Another trip to the punishment cupboard, and I'd wish you'd join me. I always called out for you when I was crucioed, which only made the punishment longer, but I could never help myself. You were the person I thought of in the cave too when the inferi pulled me under –"

 

"Why the fuck would you stay then?" Sirius interrupts incredulously, simultaneously hating every word coming out of his brother's mouth and being endlessly grateful that he's still here and talking at all. "Name one good thing about staying, one reason that made it all worth it, one reason why you didn't follow me through the floo –"

 

"The knowledge that if I were there, you weren't," Regulus says, still smiling ruefully. "Only one of us was ever going to get out, so no matter how bad it got, they couldn't have paid me to switch our places. The mere fact that you weren't there was always enough of a reason for me to stay."

 

"So you stayed for me then?" Sirius checks, hating that he already knows the answer. "Even though they didn't want me, you stayed to ensure they didn't need me?"

 

"Everything I've done these past few years has been for you," Regulus murmurs giving Sirius a crooked smile before he goes back to staring at the wall. "They didn't want you as their son, but they wanted you as their heir, especially since it's me who was your replacement."

 

"But what about you, Reggie? What did you want?" because maybe this is how he can start to make things right, start to even the scales between everything he's done for his brother and everything Regulus has done for him –

 

"I just wanted you as my brother, although I didn't get that either."

 

"I'm here now," Sirius vows, but Regulus just smiles slightly before he shakes his head.

 

"You're here for now. There's a difference."

 

"There's no difference," Sirius tells him. "I'll prove it to you one day."

 

Like all interactions that they have, especially ones with feelings and crying and digging up their history, they inevitably reach a point where existing in the same room is akin to having insects crawling on your arms, an ever-present discomfort that you can't fully shake and an intrinsic need to run far away from one another. Regulus always tends to reach that point first as he abruptly stands up and walks for the door.

 

"That's enough for one day," he says sharply, except his voice is still thick and clogged from crying for half an hour and then hashing up their history, so he doesn't quite manage it.

 

"Reggie," he calls out before his brother leaves the room, and Regulus turns around, looking tense, and his facial expression is literally daring him to make him cry again.

 

"What?"

 

Sirius only smiles fondly, unfathomably appreciative that he and Regulus are here together, despite everything. "I just wanted to say I still love you, and I'm still proud of you, okay? We can both remember that now –"

 

Sirius watches Regulus' face screw up before he walks out of the room. Then he hears the sound of a muffled sob, James' fussy, concerned voice and two pairs of footsteps going up the stairs.

 

He lets them go, their relationship being the last thing on his mind right now, and when Remus comes in the room a few minutes later, undoubtedly sent by James, Sirius wraps his arms around him and doesn't let go for a very long time.

 

 

Upstairs, James and Regulus are doing the exact same thing as Regulus holds onto James hard enough to hurt, and they stand in silence, just breathing.

 

He'd always told himself that he'd give Sirius back his memories one day, selfishly hoping that Sirius would just somehow remember on his own and they'd avoid the breakdown he knew would follow it, but although he's planned almost everything else about his life, he'd never planned for the moment when it would actually happen.

 

But it came along anyways, and like most things of significance do, it was shared in a burst of anger where his filters disappeared, and he doesn't know what he's feeling anymore. The sheer overwhelmingness of his breakdown has sent him to the other end of the emotional spectrum, where he can't quite tell if he's feeling anything at all.

 

If there's any place he's going to find feeling again, though, if there's anyone who can make him feel again, it's James.

 

And he's here now, with James, standing in silence until his skin starts to warm and he starts tasting the air again.

 

"Do you think my brother is a liar?" he hears himself ask, and he can feel the way James' entire body relaxes at the fact he feels okay enough to talk again.

 

"Everyone lies," James replies simply, and even though he doesn't know the context or exactly what Regulus is asking, his voice is resolute as he says, "but Sirius wouldn't lie about this."

 

"You don't even know what this is, James," he counters, needing honesty rather than platitudes right now, but James' conviction doesn't waver.

 

"I know it's about you, though, so no, whatever Sirius said, he wasn't lying." Regulus hates how he asked that question to feel better but only ended up feeling more fragile after hearing its answer.

 

"Do you want to talk about –"

 

"No."

 

"Okay then. We'll just lie here together," James says, so for the next few hours, that's exactly what they do.

 

 

Sirius and Regulus avoid each other for the rest of the day, and then for the next two after that, they ignore each other completely, making it mildly awkward for James and Remus, who get glared at by one brother whenever they talk to the other for "picking sides." Neither Barty nor Evan have been in the house since Regulus had his meltdown about Sirius and the memories because the following morning, he had woken up to a note slid under his door.

 

Not dead. Going on a date. Enjoy your crisis.

 

Your favourite ex and his new man (Evan).

 

James was the one who had picked it up and he had scowled heavily at the way Barty had described himself, but Regulus had only laughed, oddly proud at the fact that they'd finally gotten over themselves enough to just let each other have each other.

 

He had been in a good mood for five minutes until he'd gone downstairs to make breakfast and saw Sirius sipping on a mug of coffee. Both of them had frozen when they'd seen each other, this being the first time they'd been alone together since the memories incident.

 

"Reggie –"

 

"Shut the fuck up," and then he'd gone to make his eggs with a lot more noise than necessary, slamming the pan onto the element in an effort to block out Sirius' voice. He thinks he should've realised that Sirius would only see the solution to talk louder, not to take the hint and stop talking.

 

"You're so fucking annoying, Reggie. Do you know that?"

 

"No, I didn't actually."

 

"See!"

 

"See what?"

 

"You're such a dick!" 

 

Regulus feels Sirius staring at him as he goes back to making eggs. It's only when he finishes buttering the toast, puts the scrambled eggs on top, and then glances between the table and the door as though he can't quite tell where to sit that Sirius breaks the silence.

 

"Stop ignoring me."

 

"Well you can keep ignoring me; it's much quieter."

 

"Fucks sake Reggie, why are you like this?"

 

"You're like this too; we have the same DNA."

 

"I wish I didn't."

 

"Oh, because you wish you were more like your real brother, Po –"

 

"Will you ever shut up?"

 

"You talked to me first!"

 

"Regulus!"

 

There's a long silence where they're both just staring at each other, and Regulus is left thinking about how mad he was at Sirius after he reacted to him and James, thinking about how all the memories made him feel, thinking about the aftermath of it all.

 

"What do you want, Sirius," he says tiredly, giving an opening rather than a bitchy comeback which he thinks is the best he can do right now.

 

Sirius just stares at him, scrutinising him for something Regulus doesn't know, and it's oddly reminiscent of how he'd look before each memory removal, making Regulus desperately uneasy, not that he'd ever admit it.

 

In the end, all Sirius does is wave his wand where the chair closest to Regulus moves back and Sirius waves his hand uselessly and says, "eat your breakfast," and when Regulus glares at him suspiciously but does what he says, it's the beginning of a truce.

 

Neither of them say anything after that. Regulus eats his fancy organic eggs and salmon, Sirius picks at his cornflakes because Remus isn't awake yet and he doesn't know how to cook on his own, and even though Regulus leaves his plate on the table deliberately for Sirius to wash, and even though Sirius pulls the finger at his back at he goes, it's a weird form of not quite forgiveness for the not quite a problem from the not quite a fight that only siblings will understand.

 

 

Things go back to normal after that; James and Sirius and Remus stay friends with no secrets withheld or secrets kept between them, Sirius and Regulus don't go back to being normal siblings since they were never that to begin with, but they return to their normal of fighting one moment and then laughing over their fucked up childhood memories the next, and while everyone knows that Regulus and James are together, no one mentions it.

 

It just, doesn't get talked about, and everyone seems to be pretending it doesn't exist.

 

The first time James and Regulus had come down to breakfast together, Sirius had stared wide-eyed at them for 10 minutes straight, and whenever James asks Regulus to come anywhere with him, Sirius always stares straight ahead and presses his lips together as though he's forcing himself not to say anything.

 

The only time anyone does mention their relationship in front of Sirius is unsurprisingly Regulus, who, when he's in the mood for a fight which is almost always, will make snide little comments under his breath that are just loud enough for Sirius to hear.

 

Sirius will squeeze Remus' hand as he walks past him, and Regulus will mutter, "fucking hypocrite."

 

Remus will kiss Sirius on the cheek, and Regulus will say, "exhibitionist."

 

Sirius will call Remus anything other than Remus, and Regulus will say, "you watch me call James that," and it always either ends in hissed insults in return, Sirius fully ignoring Regulus or a genuine screaming match that both of them always seem to enjoy even though it leaves them in a mood for the rest of the day.

 

Despite it all, though, Regulus and James continue to date each other and Sirius continues to deal with it. This is good in the respect that James is more relaxed without keeping secrets from anyone, and the holiday home in France is letting them have a holiday from everything. However, Sirius' unspoken condition of accepting Regulus and James' relationship is that he's made it his mission to be the world's biggest cockblock.

 

Most mornings, Regulus is not woken up to the feeling of the sun but to the sound of his brothers grating voice with promises to pull them apart in the next five minutes if they're not out of bed. Even though Sirius only ever came into the room once and never made the same mistake again, he never stops threatening to.

 

This pattern continues until ten days after Evan and Barty left to go on their date when Regulus is woken, once again, to the sound of his brother, but there's no threat to his or James' relationship this time.

 

Instead, it's possibly one of the only things Sirius could have said to actually get Regulus away from James and out of his room at such an early hour.

 

"Regulus, your friends are getting blood on the carpet again."

 

His annoyance at his brother is transferred to his friends immediately. 

 

"Barty, Evan, I swear to fuck, if you make me clean your blood out of the carpet again, I will kick you out of this house and send you back to England –"  

 

Then he's stomping downstairs and coming to an abrupt halt, staring at the pair of them, especially at Evan, who is missing the bottom half of his left arm and then at Barty, who looks slightly concerned, but on the whole, they're absolutely thriving.

 

"Regulus!" they chorus, still grinning at each other, and Regulus blinks at them and wonders why he got up for this.

 

"Go stand on the wood in the kitchen and do not bleed on the carpet again, and I'll get potions," he says, muttering annoyedly under his breath, and they both do what he says even though he thinks they're mocking him somehow. Still, he goes to his room and rifles through his potions collection in the cupboard to pick out all the ones they need.

 

"Everything okay?" James asks from where he's still in the bed, either unwilling to get up or still holding out hope that Regulus is coming back.

 

"Yeah, everything's fine," Regulus replies, still slightly annoyed his morning lie-in has been disrupted again. "Evan and Barty are back, but they're both bleeding and Evan lost half his arm."

 

"And that's, normal?" James asks confusedly, and Regulus stares back, equally confused. "It's just an arm and some blood, James."

 

James is still staring at him like he can't believe he's real, so Regulus just rolls his eyes and walks out of the room, and as he does, he hears James scramble out of bed and run after him, trying to figure out what's going on.

 

For once, Evan and Barty have listened to him and are whispering quietly to each other. Evan is draped slightly on the chair, undoubtedly feeling the effects of blood loss, while Barty half sits and half leans over him, somehow managing to look caring and indecent at the same time.

 

Regulus throws an empty vial at Barty's head to get his attention.

 

"Oi! I could've been concussed."

 

"I guarantee I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference."

 

"Get Evan his potions."

 

"Get your blood off my floor," but Barty just looks him in the eye and shakes his still bleeding arm around, so more blood falls onto it.

 

"What were you even doing?" Regulus asks, staring in mild disgust at the dust and blood covering their bodies even as he distributes potions accordingly. He still hasn't decided whether or not to be proud or concerned as Evan and Barty glance at each other and then positively glow.

 

"We'll go shower and come back, and then we'll be just in time for the Daily Prophet," Barty says, looking ridiculously smug. Regulus just watches them go, amused despite himself, and although he'd never admit it, he's glad they're back.

 

It takes them forty minutes to return, and no shower takes that long, so Regulus knows exactly what they were doing, and he's trying to figure out what calls for such celebrations.

 

The sound of footsteps follows the sound of wings from the morning owl, and Regulus is genuinely intrigued as Barty drags Evan into the living room behind him and throws the paper at Regulus, declaring, "we have been on a date."

 

It's front page, headline news.

 

Alastor "Mad-eye" Moody found murdered following brutal homicide.

 

"You murdered someone?" James cries out from where he is reading the article over Regulus' shoulder. "You murdered Moody?"

 

"Whose idea was this?" Regulus asks sharply, and Barty looks offended that he had to ask, shooting him an incredulous look.

 

"Mine obviously," he replies snippily, and Regulus ignores James' scandalised face as he grins up at him and says, "I never knew you were such a romantic."

 

 

Living in a house with three couples isn't much different from how it was before. Regulus and Sirius still fight, which James and Remus try to break up, and Evan and Barty encourage. There are still nights when people wake up from the sound of screaming, never knowing whether it's theirs or not, and with Sirius sometimes forgetting to comment on James and Regulus' relationship at all, the house in Saulieu becomes almost relaxing.

 

It's fine. Everything is all fine until it's not because everything becomes too fine that it's almost overwhelming, which is a problem only made worse by the fact that it doesn't even make sense in the first place.

 

There's another war on the horizon or another fight, at least. There's the entire ongoing Sirius problem that has existed for the past ten years and possibly will never go away. There's the problem of not knowing what to do when the war you built your identity around is almost over. 

 

There are a lot of problems that Regulus finds himself facing, but somehow, none of them compare to the utter crisis he's having of how to tell James he loves him.

 

He's tried, he's still trying even now, but he genuinely can't do it.

 

He thinks James knows what he's trying to say, thinks he knows everything left unsaid, but James tells him he loves him as much as Regulus insults him, like an instinct, and Regulus doesn't want James to think that it's an instinct to take him for granted.

 

He's tried saying it, which only ends up as a long pause with Regulus mouthing words with no sound until he huffs in frustration and curls into a ball, lying with his back to James, who tries to comfort him every time in the same way, curling up behind him and whispering, "don't worry, I still love you Regulus, take your time." 

 

The ease in which he says it only makes him feel worse.

 

It's three words, Regulus can say three words, he tells James to "go fuck yourself" more than James tells him he loves him at this point, but he can't do it.

 

Although he's trying. No one can doubt that he's trying.

 

The first time he indirectly tells James he loves him, it's because of Sirius, which is ironic and unexpected in its own right.

 

They're all having dinner because apparently, Remus had dinner every night with his mum, and so did James with his parents, and they're always quoting shit like "dinner time is family time," which Regulus and Sirius can at least bond over the preposterousness of. Barty and Evan either show up or they don't, never one without the other, and Regulus thinks it's James who invites them because he knows Sirius never would and Regulus never does.

 

Despite Sirius becoming grudgingly accepting of his and James' relationship, he's still being an overbearing prick of a brother, and that includes making James and Regulus sit at opposite ends of the table, on either side of him and Remus, who are "old and mature enough to get through a meal without groping each other." The first time he had said that Regulus had walked straight out of the room and only came out of his sulk when James came back to his room half an hour later with his plate of dinner brought up for him.

 

It was during dinner a couple of weeks into Regulus' how do I tell James I love him crisis James had, reasonably, asked Regulus a simple question.

 

"Hey Reg, can you pass me the butter for my potatoes," gesturing at the butter dish directly in front of Regulus' hand.

 

A blank stare.

 

"Get it yourself."

 

"It's right in front of you!" he had cried incredulously.

 

"And? That sounds like a you problem."

 

"That you can fix for me!" 

 

"That's what you get for dating my brother," Sirius had interrupted, looking at James in faux consolation. "If he really loved you, he would have passed you the butter dish, but alas, he's just a prick." 

 

Regulus had scowled at his brother and scowled even harder at James as he shoved his chair back harshly, slammed the butter dish on the table in front of James and walked out of the room, but even him stomping up the stairs couldn't block out the muffled sound of James' screaming.

 

 

A week later, James had made an offhand comment about how love is the little things in life, and a few days after that, he'd mentioned that sometimes when he wakes up, it would be nice if he could just lie there and do nothing for a few minutes instead of putting on his glasses, reading the newspaper and hearing about all the pain and suffering in the world.

 

The next morning, Regulus wasn't there when he woke up, which was unusual, and when he had rolled over to pick up his glasses on the bedside table, in its place was a sunflower, and his glasses were resting on his desk in front of a vase of five others.

 

James had found him in the kitchen and watched as his cheeks went pink the moment he saw him, but before he could run away, he had Regulus pinned up against the kitchen bench and was snogging him senseless, unsure where he stopped, and Regulus began. He had lost himself entirely in the pure deity of Regulus Black until he'd been thrown back into his senses to the feeling of his shirt being shoved back over his head and a half-enraged, half-amused Sirius hauling them apart.

 

"You are the biggest cockblock I have ever met," Regulus had snapped, staring daggers at Sirius, who ignored him, too lost in his rapid conversation with James.

 

"You were shagging my brother on the kitchen bench –"

 

"My trousers were up!"

 

"Not for much longer."

 

"You should be happy for me."

 

"You should not defile him, especially not on the kitchen bench!"

 

" But it's so –"

 

"Stop discussing our sex life with my brother James!" and then Regulus had dragged him back to his room, muttering insults under his breath until James had pinned him against the wall again, successfully shutting him up for a good hour.

 

Sirius had had enough common sense to not interrupt them.

 

 

The third time creeps up on Regulus unexpectedly, and he doesn't even know what's going to happen until it does.

 

He's in his room, curled up in bed and writing a poem when James walks in. 

 

"Hi baby," James says breathlessly, and Regulus can feel his cheeks going pink and a stupid smile threatening to spread across his face that he can't quite repress.

 

"Hello James," he says as neutrally as he can manage, and James just smirks at him as if he doesn't know exactly what he's doing.

 

"Why do you call me James?"

 

"It's your name?"

 

"But that's what everyone calls me."

 

"Because it's your name!"

 

"No, if you're going to let me call you Reg, then you also need a nickname for me."

 

"Bold of you to assume I want to talk to you."

 

"You can call me Prongs if you want," James muses, refusing to be side-tracked. "That's what all my friends call me –"

 

"First of all," he interrupts, listing on his fingers and looking highly offended, "I am not your friend. Secondly, I am not going to call after you like you're an annoying and bothersome kitchen utensil, accurate though it may be."

 

"You forgot charming –"

 

"James, I guarantee you I did not," but James only laughs, unashamed in his adoration of him, and Regulus shoves him away before he scowls and yanks him closer again, letting him lie against his chest.

 

"Don't mind me; you can keep writing your poetry."

 

"No."

 

"Why not?"

 

"I don't want to anymore," and James tilts his head backwards and stares up at him, frowning.

 

"Do you want me to go?" he asks. "I don't want to hold you back from your poetry. I can go, and you can write your poems."

 

"They're one and the same, James," he murmurs before realising what he's said. Then he resigns himself to the way James stares at him, his entire body vibrating in visible excitement.

 

"Are you writing a poem about me?" 

 

"No," he scowls, obviously lying and shooting a glare as he feels James' fingertips trace the pink blush on his cheeks.

 

"Oh, you are," he crows, looking delighted. "Can I read it? Or hear it? Even one line, even one word. Please, please, please –"

 

"No."

 

"I'll beg; I'll do it shamelessly. Will it work if I beg?"

 

"It's not even finished," he answers, rolling his eyes and deliberately ignoring the other half of the question.

 

"So you haven't written any other poems about me?" James asks, grinning wickedly, and Regulus shoves him off the bed.

 

James isn't perturbed in the slightest.

 

"Just one look, please, please, please," he's chanting, but despite his begging, he doesn't reach over to the book once, still respectful even in his shameless desperation, and the same three words stuck in Regulus' head get stuck in his throat too.

 

I love you. I love you, James. Fuck I love you, but I still don't know how to tell you.

 

"You're so annoying," is what he says instead.

 

"You chose me."

 

"I'm regretting it."

 

"Liar."

 

"Bitch”

 

"Lover."

 

"Fuck I don't even want to write poetry about you anymore!" Regulus bursts out before he throws the covers off the bed irritably, rips out the page he was writing on and throws it at James as he storms out of the room, muttering under his breath as he goes.

 

 

James can't quite tell if he's annoyed Regulus or not.

 

Like he has, he always does, but Regulus pretends to be annoyed with him a lot, which James knows is just a way to try and save grace when he thinks he's showing too many emotions.

 

It never works, but he always pretends it does; he thinks Regulus knows what he's doing too, but he's either too grateful or too embarrassed to mention it.

 

"You soften me,"  he had told James one night after a night terror. It had been a bad one, and Regulus hadn't wanted to talk about it; he'd just forced himself into James' arms with a silent plea to be held once he'd gotten over his apologies and failed attempts to go back to his own room. James doesn't think Regulus remembers it, but he knows he'll never forget it.

 

He had been wheedling at Regulus, annoying him as he does best, he knows this, and he had literally asked for a poem, but he never actually thought he'd get one; he never thought Regulus would write about him at all, but he has and now he's got a poem.

 

Regulus wasn't lying when he said he'd only started this one, and there are only two lines.

 

James still devours them.

 

Regulus' journal: 24th May 1981

 

Life is nothing more than a patchwork blanket.

 

In the same way that there are stars woven into the sky and flowers woven into the soil, there is your laughter woven into my memories.

 

James knows Regulus would give him an exasperatedly fond look if he could see him right now, staring at the paper and smiling so wide his cheeks hurt, his chest almost painful with the amount of love within him. He's thinking of all the times he's laughed and all the different ways Regulus looked when he did and all the ways Regulus looks when he laughs. He's wondering if the opposite of a panic attack is even a thing because it's like a love attack right now where he can't breathe due to the overwhelming force of Regulus burning in his chest.

 

He smooths the paper down, getting rid of the crinkles, wanting to frame it, the thirty-five words written just for him, and when he flips it over to repeat the process, he freezes.

 

There's another poem, just for him, with yesterday's date.

 

Regulus' journal: 23rd May 1981

 

My life, my fears, my love (for you);

 

The ethereal deity I have no choice but to worship.

 

Our soliloquies have ended and now we are a plural.

 

 

It is no longer my future but our future, and there will be no after, for we are forever.

 

Your hand, my hand.

 

Our life, our dreams.

 

Two bodies, one heart.

 

J & R

 

James cries.

 

He doesn't think there's any other way to react really, as he feels his love for Regulus pour out of him in rivers down his cheeks. There was a time after Lily when he thought he'd never fall in love again, thought he'd be alone forever, thought he'd never find another person like her, and he didn't.

 

He found Regulus instead, and here he is now, crying over a love letter from him. He knows Regulus would laugh at him, and the thought of his unimpressed face calling him a big baby only makes James cry harder as he wonders how he got so lucky.

 

He reads the poem over and over until his tears turn the cursive kaleidoscopic. Then he almost throws the paper away from him, not wanting to get his tears on the paper and wash away the tangibility of Regulus' love.

 

Lily and Regulus, as much as Regulus would hate the comparison, are similar. They're both headstrong in their own right, love fiercely, and are awfully mean to him, but they know he likes it. They're also opposites; Regulus is a literal murderer, Lily would literally never, a pureblood and a muggleborn, a Gryffindor and a Slytherin. They're at two separate ends of the potential people for James Potter to date spectrum, but the main thing they have in common is their compatibility with James and his endless ability to love them.

 

He loves Lily, always has and always will, but she will never be Regulus Black, the man he's just received a love letter from.

 

It's undeniable now; Regulus Black and James Potter are in love.

 

James tells him every day, Regulus still hasn't said it, and James couldn't care less because he shows it all the time. He knows Regulus has tried, and he knows how easily he gets lost in his ridiculously large guilt complex when he doesn't manage it, but James could've gone his whole life without hearing it, knowing anyways that Regulus loves him with some unshakeable faith that he feels deep in the crevices between his bones.

 

If there was any room for doubt, though, there isn't after this, and he swears that he can feel Regulus' love on the paper, he can feel it all around him. James gently traces the swooping, cursive letters of Regulus' calligraphy with his finger, careful not to smudge anything as he sits on the floor and laughs until he cries and cries until he laughs again.

 

He wants to find him, wants to show him how much he loves him, wants to show him too, but he knows that Regulus won't let himself be found right now.

 

He's hiding from James and hiding from his feelings and hiding from the truth, but James isn't even annoyed; he's only fond, mildly amused, and ridiculously excited for whenever Regulus thinks James has calmed down enough to spend time with again.

 

For now, he goes to his best friend who takes one look at him and says warningly, "I swear if this is about my –"

 

"He gave me a love letter poem and a half, and now he's hiding, and I need to scream," he blurts out, and Sirius tilts his head back like he's praying before he looks at James, who is genuinely vibrating in the doorway.

 

Sirius looks like he can't tell if he wants to be supportive or horrified as he stares at James, but James genuinely couldn't care less.

 

Because he is in love.

 

And he's just received his first love letter that would go down in history books if it were ever published; James and Regulus would become household names, and their love story would become the bible to every hopeless romantic. 

 

And he wants to tell this to his best friend.

 

Sirius sighs and throws the pillow he was leaning against at James' head, which he catches, and then he leans it against the doorway and screams into it, softly banging his head. He knows Sirius is watching him and probably judging him, but he doesn't care. Not when he's feeling like this, not when the same word is coming to his mind unbidden in sync with the beat of his heart.

 

Regulus.

 

Regulus.

 

Regulus.

 

"I am unashamedly in love with your brother," he says when he finally pulls away, and Sirius sighs and throws another pillow at him, which bounces off his head and does nothing to dull the sheer radiance coming off James in waves.

 

They've never talked about him and Regulus before; they just skirt around the topic or pretend it doesn't exist. Or it's Sirius wincing slightly and James giving him a sheepish grin as he pulls Regulus out of the room, but he's never brought up the topic so blatantly. He's also never felt like this before, though, like he's seeing in colour for the first time, and everything is red.

 

Regulus.

 

Regulus.

 

Regulus.

 

He's still grinning, trying not to think too much about the poem lest he starts crying again but doing nothing but think about the poem.

 

Sirius doesn't help.

 

"He wrote you a poem," he asks suspiciously, staring at James, and James stares at him incredulously. 

 

"You think I loved him so much I hallucinated him giving me a love letter?"

 

"That is an option, but I am tempted to believe he wrote you one."

 

"Why?" James asks because as much as he's gotten to know Regulus, he's still the same mosaic of secrets he was when they first met, but Sirius knows parts of him beneath the layers that James will never know the same way.

 

He's surprised then when Sirius shakes his head and says uncharacteristically seriously, "that's his to tell you."

 

James doesn't quite know how to respond. He also can't quite tell what the vibe of the conversation is since this is the most they've talked about his relationship in the past month since Sirius found out. So he just stares at Sirius, who stares back, and James waits, knowing Sirius is trying to figure out how to say something.

 

It ends up being remarkably straightforward.

 

"If you hurt Reggie, I'll fuck you up Prongs, our friendship be damned," and James only laughs. 

 

"I'd let you if I did hurt him. I'd deserve it," James says, nodding once before his eyes widen with borderline terror. "Oh, you'd have to get in line behind Crouch and Rosier; there wouldn't be a body left for you to fuck up," and Sirius scowls at the thought of his brothers' friends before nodding in approval.

 

"I'd help them bury your body, I hope you know. Glad we're on the same page."

 

He's quiet again, so James walks over and sits on the couch next to Sirius, waiting to hear whatever else he needs to get off his chest.

 

"You have to take care of him, especially when he's mad at me and just represses his emotions instead of dealing with them –" he says and then his hand waves uselessly in the air as he tries to figure out how to phrase what he wants to say.

 

"Regulus has attachment issues," Sirius says eventually, and James just nods because he knows this one too. He isn't expecting what Sirius says next as he seems to war with himself and look James in the eye. "He finds it hard to trust people and to open up. Each time he cries in front of me, it'll take 3 days before he makes eye contact again, but even though he's like he is, if he can move past the façade and let you in then he'll never let go unless you make him, maybe not even then." 

 

When James realises what this is really about, he grins up at Sirius.

 

"Is this you giving us your official blessing?"

 

"This is me telling you to take care of him and to not give up on him, even when he's being, you know –"

 

"Regulus?"

 

"Exactly! Even when Regulus is Regulus, just –“

 

"Til death do us part," James sings out before he can stop himself, and then he smacks a hand over his mouth and stares at Sirius with his eyes wide.

 

Sirius only gives him an unimpressed but amused glance. 

 

"I'll hold you to that."

 

 

In such a small town as Saulieu, there is only so much you can do before you inevitably have to go home, and while Regulus would never admit it, he's both nervous and excited to go home to James.

 

He wishes the town were bigger so he could put it off a bit longer and pretend he's not hiding, but when all of the stores close and the sun begins to set, Regulus goes back home, hoping that he can go back to his room uninterrupted and hide for a bit longer.

 

When he walks in the front door, the first thing he sees is Sirius, who he's been at odds with ever since he announced his relationship, and while it's getting better, it's still not normal, not that their relationship ever was to begin with.

 

He hopes Sirius will ignore him and let him go to his room in silence, but he dashes that hope with quite possibly the worst thing he could have said as he leans against the doorframe, smirking and says, "writing my best friend love letters are we?"

 

A mixture of anger, hurt, and humiliation crosses his mind, and he can feel his cheeks going red as he hisses, "he showed you? I'm going to fucking kill him –" 

 

Sirius stops laughing, eyes wide, immediately trying to do damage control.

 

"Reggie, he fuck stop sending stinging hexes at me!"

 

"Give me the memory or I'll take it by force Sirius –"

 

"Why the fuck would you joke about that?"

 

"Do you want to see how much I'm joking?" he says warningly, currently unable to care how much of a shit show it will be when –

 

"Reggie, I didn't see it, chill out," and Regulus feels his body soften in relief before the anger and humiliation come back, but at himself and his overreaction.

 

"How did you know about it then?" he bites out, his hand still on his wand, his mind still warring with himself whether or not he should oblivate Sirius anyways and ignoring the small part of him that reminds him he never could –

 

"Your – James came in here and screamed into a pillow for sixteen minutes before he could fully explain what happened." 

 

Regulus feels his face soften slightly, and his lips twitch even though he tries to stop it.

 

Sirius sees anyways.

 

"Oh fuck, you're as hopeless as him, aren't you?"

 

"Excuse me? When have I ever been hopeless?"

 

"When you were six, and we went to the roundabout at the muggle playground down the end of the road and –"

 

"Shut the fuck up, Sirius! You swore you would never mention it!"

 

"And you threw up and were so dizzy that you fell in it –"

 

"You're such a dick."

 

"And I carried you home while you cried, covered in your own vomit –"

 

"That never happened."

 

"It did, and you were undoubtedly helpless."

 

"It did not happen."

 

"It did! It's one of my favourite memories with you."

 

"Why?" he asks, looking at him suspiciously.

 

Sirius only gives him a shit-eating grin and says, "because it let me have this moment of gloating fifteen years later to remind you that you were wrong stop sending stinging hexes at OW! FUCK REGGIE, STOP!"

 

"You were saying?" Regulus asks sweetly, staring at Sirius as a picture of innocence, and Sirius glares at him before he takes on a considering look and Regulus debates leaving now.

 

He doesn't though, amused despite himself, and then Sirius says possibly the last thing he was expecting.

 

"I told James if he hurt you, then I'd fuck him up," and Regulus thinks his shock is entirely justified since his brother has spent the past five weeks refusing to mention their relationship. It has also been the root of their biggest fight since Regulus returned from the dead, so for Sirius to not only bring it up but also not be mad about it has Regulus genuinely suspicious.

 

"Why would you say that?" he says blankly, unsure how he's supposed to respond, so he just stares, waiting.

 

He doesn't know if he's waiting for a fight or a breakdown; he's still unsure who it'll come from, but again, Sirius surprises him.

 

He stares at Regulus with narrowed eyes until he grimaces slightly and speaks to the wall. "If I'm going to let you date my best friend, then you should know I have every intention of fucking him up if he hurts you or lets you down."

 

"You are aware we didn't stop just because you didn't like it, right? I couldn't care less if you approve or not –"

 

"But I'm just telling you I do now."

 

"Oh, how generous of you."

 

"Don't be like that, Reggie. I'm just saying I won't stand in your way –"

 

"I don't need your approval to date people, Sirius," he says scornfully. "I don't need your approval for anything," but Sirius stares back, almost hesitant in his answer as he says, "you wanted it, though."

 

Regulus hates how his emotions flash over his face that he can't repress fast enough, and he hates the way Sirius reacts when he sees it even more.

 

With pity.

 

And guilt.

 

And understanding.

 

What he hates the most, though, is that it's not a lie. Even though he was never going to stop dating James just because Sirius didn't like it, all he's ever wanted was to make his brother proud of him. He still hasn't figured out why Sirius saw his worst act not to be murder but love.

 

"Reggie –"

 

"Where's James?"

 

"We're not done here."

 

"I'm done here."

 

"We are not!" but when Regulus glares at Sirius and raises his wand in silent threat, Sirius relents and Regulus is almost relieved until Sirius grins up at him.

 

"Go write another love letter to your stop with the fucking stinging hexes!" and Regulus walks out of the room with pink cheeks and Sirius' laughter ringing in his ears.

 

 

He doesn't know why he's almost nervous to go see James, and even as humiliating and embarrassing as discussing his love life with his brother was, he's reassured to know that James did at least like the letter.

 

He hadn't actually planned on giving him the one he wrote yesterday; he hadn't planned on giving him either and had ripped the page out of his book with every intention of burning the page, but then James had looked at him.

 

And.

 

Well.

 

The start of today's poem could be considered a brief infatuation. Yesterday's poem is undeniably a love letter, best comparable to agape but surpassing even that, and even though Regulus in equal parts never wants to look James in the eyes again and never let him go, he can't help but be pleased that James got to read it at all, that he can start to read the things that Regulus can't bring himself to say.

 

The greater part of himself is still fleeing from his emotions and needs a longer break from James before he can have a normal conversation, but he finds his feet carry his legs to their bedroom anyways, where James is sitting up on the bed, his face split in a ridiculously wide grin as his fingers trace each line of Regulus' poem, over and over again.

 

He doesn't notice him immediately when the door opens, so Regulus leans against the doorway watching him, unable to think past the same three sentences in his brain.

 

I love you. I love you so much. Fuck I love you, James.

 

Regulus feels his lips curling up at the corners, watching James trace the shapes of his love until he feels himself being watched and jolts up to see Regulus in the doorway.

 

Regulus didn't think it was possible, but James grins even wider, eyes bright and entire face glowing; Regulus' own personal sun.

 

"You're back," he blurts out redundantly, almost dropping the poem as he tries to put it safely on the bedside table, moving towards Regulus, checking over his shoulder that the poem is still there before he moves closer again.

 

Closer.

 

Closer.

 

Closer.

 

Regulus doesn't want to talk about it yet.

 

Luckily for him, James doesn't want to talk at all.

 

Because then James is here and nowhere and everywhere, too much and not enough in all the best ways, and Regulus is laughing breathlessly as James tries to touch him everywhere, tries to be everywhere. He thinks James might be crying, but all Regulus can focus on are the blacks of James' pupils and the feeling of his hair in Regulus' hands and his lips on his, his collarbone, his neck.

 

James. James. James.

 

He thinks he blacks out for a bit, still awake but just too lost in the overwhelming force of James Potter to find room for conscious thought. When his senses start working again, the first thing he hears is a symphony of laughter, and then there's his favourite deity beaming down at him, who Regulus has no choice but to worship some more.

 

"You're some of my best memories," James gasps out when they're taking a break to breathe, and Regulus feels like he could run for all eternity with the electricity flowing inside him.

 

"James."

 

"When we snuck out to go stargazing, and you told me off for just staring at you the whole time –"

 

"James."

 

"And when we were making pancakes at midnight and Sirius came down and you made me hide in the pantry half hard and shirtless while you yelled at him for finishing all the maple syrup –"

 

"James."

 

"And when you laugh, and smile, and throw stinging hexes at me when you know I'm right. And when you wash my hair for me because you don't trust me to do it properly and when your hand always ends up in mine when we wake up even if they weren't like that when we fell asleep, and you say my laughter is in your memories? You are my memories, and you're so annoyingly ethereal, and everyone knows it, but you're all mine, and you always will be, because you're mine, you're mine, you're –"

 

"James,"  Regulus almost whines, his entire being just one exposed nerve, thrumming with love for James, and all he can do is reach for James again, pulling him towards him, touching him everywhere he can.

 

"I love you. I love you. I love you," James chants, but Regulus feels his entire body tense, and he stares wide-eyed at James, still unable to say it.

 

"James," he says weakly, but James only laughs breathlessly, not bothering to slow down where he's sucking at his neck.

 

"I know love, I know," so Regulus gives up trying and yanks him closer to worship him, to have him, to love him.

 

Him.

 

Right here.

 

Right now.

 

With Regulus.

 

James. James. James.

 

 

The fourth time is the closest he's gotten so far.

 

James wakes up to feeling something heavy on his chest and looks down to see a mop of wavy hair and grey eyes already awake and staring up at him.

 

"Good Morning," Regulus says.

 

"Every morning is a good morning with you," James replies instantly, and Regulus' cheeks flush pink again, but he doesn't reply.

 

He seems to be psyching himself up to something, so James just lies and watches him in unhindered adoration as he waits him out.

 

"Do you know any French?" Regulus asks out of the blue, and James pauses, ensuring he's heard him right before he replies.

 

"A little…" he replies slowly, and he doesn't know why Regulus glares at him like he's personally offended him.

 

"Like what? Give me a sentence. Tell me what you know," he demands, and James is understandably confused but does what he asks anyways.

 

“Bonjour, je m’appelle James. Au revoir. Merci," he recites, and he grins, proud of himself for his memory, until he looks down to see Regulus visibly wincing at his pronunciation.

 

"A simple no would have sufficed, James," he snaps, looking offended on behalf of the entire French language, and James just grins at this too. "I know that one too. Non." Regulus just pushes himself off him and walks towards his wardrobe in a huff, getting dressed and scowling every time James stares at him, but James is only amused.

 

When Regulus is mad, everyone knows it, especially James, but this is only him being a dramatic, petulant little shit. He's wanting attention but not knowing how to ask for it, and his fond exasperation at James is leaning a lot harder into the exasperated side than the fond side.

 

"Any other French you know?" he snaps as he pulls his shirt over his head, but James is too busy staring at his abs to properly process the question.

 

"James!"

 

"What? No. No more French. Wait, does croissant count?"

 

"You're so fucking stupid," Regulus scowls, glaring at him until his expression flickers, something almost afraid in his eyes, and he walks back into the closet even though he's already dressed.

 

James can't help but be slightly concerned; he always is with Regulus, but he still can't quite tell if there's a problem right now or not.

 

"Reg…?"

 

"Shut the fuck up!"

 

James grins in amusement and sits up, waiting for Regulus to get past whatever mental block he's having and listening out for any unusual sounds or crying.

 

It's clearly not an emotional crisis today, though, as Regulus strides into the room with a slightly wild look in his eye as he comes over to James.

 

"Have I annoyed you, yet again?" he asks, grinning, uncaring as to what the answer will actually be, reaching for Regulus, who only slaps his hands out of the way and blows out a deep breath before he stares at him with too many emotions whirling around his eyes for James to decipher.

 

"Reg…?" he says uncertainly in the face of his silence, but Regulus only shakes his head and blows out another deep breath in response.

 

James waits.

 

Regulus folds.

 

"Je t'aime James," he murmurs, painfully gentle even as his entire face winces in the face of his confession, but James only stares at him, uncomprehending, as he says hesitantly, "um, you too?" 

 

Regulus' lips curl up fondly as he kisses him on the forehead and then walks out of the room, leaving James to stare after him in bewilderment.

 

His first thought is I didn't know Regulus spoke French. Well, he knew, but it was just one of those things he'd never thought about enough for his brain to make the connection. The Black family are the standard of pretentious pureblood, he knows Sirius mentioned he spoke four languages once, which means Regulus does too, and he remembers the night Regulus returned, he said something to Sirius in French.

 

His second thought is trying to figure out what the word means, and his current guess is that Regulus said James in French even though he can't figure out why his name would have a T in it. Plus, Regulus had said, "je t'aime James", so why would he say his name twice? Or maybe he just gave him the instant translation?

 

His third thought is his best thought so far; if Regulus speaks French, then Sirius speaks French, so he can go to him for a translation because he knows Regulus would never give him one, no matter how hard he begged. He'd probably just throw a dictionary at him and charm it to hit him in the head.

 

Regulus has probably insulted him again because that's his natural instinct, so it'll be funny to say it to Sirius and see his reaction.

 

Regulus, naturally, is nowhere to be seen, although he can hear the annoyed hiss of his voice and the annoying sound of Barty's voice, so James decides to avoid him at all costs and find Sirius, who is in the kitchen with Remus.

 

"Prongs!" Sirius calls out happily.

 

"Je team," James says, grinning, careful to get the pronunciation right. "Or maybe shi tem?"

 

Sirius just squints at him for a moment, trying to work through his awful pronunciation until he shakes his head in slight bewilderment and says, "oh, je t'aime. Yeah, you too, Prongs, you know that," and then he goes back to sipping his coffee.

 

It's a slightly underwhelming response, to be honest. He doesn't know what possible reaction to him Regulus and Sirius would share and why he was so unaffected by the insult, so he stares at Sirius and tries to figure out if he pronounced a word wrong.

 

But no, he's sure he got it right; he still has Regulus' words replaying in his head, and he thinks it sounds like what Sirius said to him.

 

Remus breaks him out of his daze with an amused grin as he leans back in his chair and says, "what, no I love you for me this morning, James?"

 

James' head snaps to him, and he swears he hears something crack as he sucks in a sharp breath.

 

"That's what it means?"  he almost screeches, his eyes widening and hands trembling in shock.

 

Sirius' head snaps around, too, in what could best be described as indignant disbelief. "You didn't know? Where did you learn those words, James? I swear to fuck if it's who I think it is –"

 

"Regulus loves me," he whispers breathlessly, and then he's standing in the middle of the kitchen with his hand pressed over his mouth, his cheeks aching with the strain of his smile. Remus is staring at Sirius, looking like all his dreams have come true, while Sirius' head drops on the table, looking like he's stuck in a nightmare.

 

James feels like he's died and ascended to heaven, and suddenly Regulus' nervousness all morning and the way he'd walked out of the room and gone to the one place he knew James wouldn't follow all makes sense.

 

He's not bitter or resentful at all that Regulus still hasn't said he loves him; if anything, he's only proud that he keeps trying and that his lips always curl up against his will whenever James tells him because he's letting himself accept James' love.

 

"Do you see what I mean when I said it wasn't surprising James loved him?" he hears Remus murmur to Sirius, still grinning in delight at his dramatics, and Sirius only drops his head back on the table and moans in despair again.

 

James couldn't care less.

 

"No, lift your head up; I'll pull you by your hair if you don't and don't say you don't like it –"

 

"Moony!"

 

"No, look at him. Look at James."

 

"Weak man."

 

"Isn't he?"

 

"I know you're talking about me, but I don't care," James says dreamily, his mind still too focused on Regulus to actually contribute to any normal conversation. Remus only laughs in pity and waves a chair over that James sits in, staring at the ceiling and wishing he could vanish it so he could stare at the stars instead.

 

"I just love him, you know?" he hears himself say, and Remus laughs.

 

Sirius laughs too, and when James glances over, the look in his eye could best be described as approving. 

 

"I can tell."

 

 

James tells himself he can wait.

 

He tells himself he'll let Regulus take the time he needs to process his love declaration and then school his emotions back to normal.

 

He lasts seven minutes in the kitchen with Sirius and Remus, who have gone from mocking him to sending sly smirks in his direction while they make their own conversation, and he can't take it anymore.

 

"I need to find him," he blurts out, and he walks out of the room without waiting for their response.

 

He still hears Remus laugh as he says, "you're looking at your future brother-in-law, I hope you know that," and a dull thunk which he assumes is Sirius' head dropping onto the table again.

 

He's almost running up the stairs in his excitement, and he thinks he's never understood the saying love makes people do crazy things until now when he finds himself knocking on Barty and Evan's door, asking to talk to Regulus.

 

Before anyone answers, he can hear two voices laughing and the third sullen and sulking.

 

Regulus.

 

Evan answers the door, which is surprising because he thought it would be Barty coming to remind him he used to date Regulus. When he looks over Evan's shoulder into the room, though, he's surprised to see Barty laughing as he sits on top of Regulus, wrapping him in a bear hug while also trying to avoid his pointy elbows and preventing him from running out the door.

 

"So what did Regulus say, then?" Evan asks. "He won't tell us, but we can tell he's hiding from his problems."

 

"Maybe I said something," James hears himself say, automatically coming to Regulus' defence, and he just hears Barty sigh as he mutters, "fuck, you're both as hopeless as each other." Then there's an angry hiss from Regulus that he can't make out the words of that Barty only laughs at.

 

"Do tell, or we'll hold him hostage, and you'll never see him again," Evan repeats, and James stares wide-eyed between Evan in the doorway and Regulus, who is almost being sat on by Barty.

 

Fuck it. They're boyfriends, after all.

 

"He said je t'aime," James declares proudly, and Evan howls with laughter while Barty smirks and says, "you're lucky Reg didn't dump you based on your pronunciation alone."

 

"I'm still thinking about it," Regulus mutters warningly, Barty finally letting him go having got what he wanted, but despite Regulus' annoyed demeanour, he still grabs James' hand as he pulls him from the room, sending a pair of stinging hexes over his shoulder that do nothing to deter Evan and Barty's laughter.

 

 

Regulus is both unimpressed and unsurprised that James came and found him before he was finished sulking, although it's for the best, really. If James had waited until Regulus was ready, he probably never would have seen him again.

 

He tugs James behind him, down the stairs and into the back garden, out towards the field of flowers, which conveniently has long grass. He's deliberately not looking at James, still unsure what the correct response is after saying something like this, so he almost jumps when he hears his voice.

 

"Regulus?" he says hesitantly. "Is something wrong? Did you not want me to have told Evan and Barty that –"

 

"I'm not ashamed of you," he murmurs, staring at the sun in the sky, so he barely notices when James appears in front of him, a breathless "oh" punching out of him and then it's James, James, James.

 

"Why are we here?" James asks, gesturing at the fields of daffodils and tulips and lavender. "Not that it's not lovely, but you've never brought me here before –"

 

"Well, it's a first time for everything."

 

"You're not spontaneous, Reg. You have a reason for bringing me here."

 

"And what would that be?"

 

"I don't know, I'm asking you."

 

"And I'm asking you."

 

"Why are you so difficult?"

 

"Why are you so dense?"

 

"I'm not!"

 

"You are."

 

"I'm not!"

 

"Fuck off back to the house, James; I don't even know why I keep you around sometimes," he snaps, but James only grins at his change of tone, and Regulus feels his breath tickle his lips as he leans close and whispers, "because you love me."

 

Regulus freezes, his eyes wide and vulnerable as he stares at James, who has backed up a few steps, his hand over his mouth and a look of horror on his face.

 

Regulus feels, inexplicably, as though he's just vacated his body for a moment, and no matter how much he tries to step closer to James or say something, say anything, his body doesn't respond to the signals from his brain.

 

"Reg, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to say that; you take your time and don't feel bad or guilty. I'm so sorry –"

 

"I do though," Regulus hears himself say as he starts tasting the air again, and James' fretful babbling cuts off immediately as his mouth drops open.

 

 His eyes flick up to meet Regulus'.

 

"What?" he whispers, slowly coming closer again, and Regulus can hear his brain screaming the words; he's trying to get them out, but he still can't do it.

 

"I do, you know," he says instead, his hand gesturing uselessly in the air as he winces automatically at his inadequacy. He needs to explain why he can't say three words that come so easily to other people, but when he opens his mouth to try, he tastes James instead. Then there's no talking for a while as they lie under the tulips, hidden from sight as Regulus shows James just how much he loves him since he can't find the words.

 

James. James. James.

 

I love you. I love you. I love you.

 

I'll find out how to tell you soon.
Notes:

    NEXT CHAPTER IS A CONTINUATION OF THIS CHAPTER!!! SO READ IT AS THOUGH ITS THE SAME TIME PERIOD :)))

    Also that "dinner time is family time" quote came straight from my mum lmao. Every night it's "dinner time is family time. Let's sit at the table and have convivial conversation."

Chapter 34: Chapter 28 (Part two): April 1981 - June 1981
Summary:

    Fifth time lucky? (part two)

Notes:

    to summarise the previous chapter notes:

    This is part 2 of the last chapter and next update (ROSEKILLER INTERLUDE!!!) out in probably 3 weeks (I will update this when I have a better estimate)

    enjoy once again :))

    EDIT: 16 March- Rosekiller interlude first draft is done! But it took longer than expected and I have uni assignments due and it will take me a few full days to edit so update is probably pushed back by 2 weeks, but should be out by the end of the month :))))

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

April 1981 - June 1981

 

Four weeks after the rescue from the safe house, Lily and Mary, who had been living in another Black Family property a few towns over declaring, there was "no chance in hell that they were going to live with six boys and that they'd rather sleep in the gutter," return to England.

 

Six weeks after the rescue, Lily sends words of the next ultrasound appointment for the baby, and since James refuses to miss any of the appointments, seven weeks after the rescue, everyone returns to Grimmauld Place. 

 

The ultrasound appointment is still three days away, but James comes to find him one morning with an almost guilty expression on his face that Regulus clocks instantly.

 

"No," he says immediately. "Whatever you want or whatever you've done, the answer is no."

 

"You don't even know what the question is yet," James says, grinning before he comes closer, his smile faltering briefly under the force of his nerves, and Regulus is instantly on guard.

 

"You want something from me that I'm not going to like," he says warningly. "Don't ask it."

 

"Just listen, okay?" James pleads. "You're allowed to say no."

 

Regulus thinks James must have forgotten about his terror of saying no to the people he loves in case he disappoints them enough to make them leave.

 

He already knows he's going to say yes.

 

Now James just has to ask the stupid question –

 

"We're all going to my parent's house for dinner tonight, and I was wondering if you'd want to come and meet them, you know, as my boyfriend." Then he's staring at him slightly hesitantly, ridiculously hopeful and Regulus, once again, is hit with the overwhelming force of his own personal inadequacy.

 

Because he can't go. 

 

If he goes, James' parents will compare him to Lily and compare him to Remus as their other sons' boyfriend, and they'll realise that Regulus doesn't deserve a place in their happy little family.

 

But he can't not go either.

 

If he doesn't go, James will be disappointed, and if he disappoints him too much, he'll leave too.

 

So it's a lose, lose situation, but at least if he goes, James will stay happy with him for a little while longer.

 

"Stop thinking my parents won't like you; they'll love you," James murmurs almost reproachfully, much closer than before. Regulus just looks at James, quite sure he's looking vulnerable and hating how James can see it.

 

"I wasn't," he says sharply, trying to push him away before he gets rejected, but James just shrugs easily and wraps him in a hug. 

 

"Okay," he says, his breath warm against Regulus' neck. "But if you were, I promise you wouldn't have to worry. They like Sirius, after all," and Regulus knows James is trying to make him laugh, but it only makes him feel worse; he's always been inadequate in the face of Sirius too.

 

For his parents, he was too unlike Sirius to be enough.

 

For Sirius, he was too like his parents to be enough.

 

Lose, lose.

 

Regulus doesn't know why he's like this. He can kill twenty men in 10 minutes without blinking an eye, and now he's almost having a mental breakdown over having dinner with James' parents. He doesn't know if it's his parents or the war or just the way he was born that makes him like this, but he wishes he could be normal about something for once in his life.

 

Especially about this.

 

"I'll think about it," he says tightly, knowing he'll do anything James asks of him, but also wanting to give himself a way to back out if he traps himself in his mind and can't find his way out in time. "I'll think about it," he repeats, his voice slightly stronger, and James smiles softly at him and kisses his cheek.

 

"Okay," he says happily, without any anger or disappointment. "I know things like this are hard for you sometimes, so just let me know either way," and then he does quite possibly the worst thing he could have done and walks out of the room, leaving Regulus alone with his thoughts.

 

Throughout all the fears, insecurities, self-doubt and self-loathing, there's also Regulus' love for James and the knowledge he'd do anything for him. 

 

Even if it's this.

 

Regulus sighs and hates himself a little more as he realises that as much as he doesn't want to talk to anyone at all, he knows exactly who to talk to figure out how to get through this.

 

 

Remus is lying against Sirius on a couch in the library, trying to read and not be distracted by Sirius, which is a very difficult task because he’s Sirius and he’s endlessly distracting.

 

“Are you sure?” Sirius keeps asking, his voice breathless with excitement every time. “Are you sure? Are you sure you’re sure?”

 

“Yeah, Padfoot, I’m sure,” he replies every time, always unable to help the way his lips curl up at the thought of it. “You can even be dramatic about it.”

 

“Oh, I do love you, my gorgeous moonbeam.”

 

“Love you too, my –“ and then Sirius is twisting around from where he’s lying between his legs, and Remus is helpless to resist as he pulls him closer, and he’s right here, and they’re together, and alone, and –

 

A knock at the door sounds out.

 

“Fuck, that’s Reggie. He’s the only one who ever knocks,” Sirius sighs, pulling the finger at him through the door for having the nerve to interrupt them, but there’s still the slightest bit of concern in his voice, and Remus watches him go with a look that can best be described as fond.

 

When the door opens, Regulus ignores Sirius entirely and glares at Remus, which only amuses him further. He’s clearly in a mood because Regulus usually gives him a blank stare to greet him, which was when Remus knew their friendship was solidified, so he’s curious about what he’s come down here for now. 

 

Sometimes though, Regulus and Sirius do this thing where they want to hang out with each other but still don’t know how to do it like normal siblings. So they start a fight, finish it and then sit together or do something together under some stupid pretence like, “well, I’ve got to stay here and make sure no one drops dead when they see your face,” or “I’m going to sit here until you tell me I’m your favourite brother."

 

“Sup Reggie, what do you want?” Sirius asks, and predictably, Regulus rolls his eyes at the greeting before he looks at the floor and says, “I need to talk about something.” He looks so annoyed about it that Remus almost wants to laugh, except he’s learnt the hard way where that gets him.

 

“Okay,” Sirius answers slowly, probably checking him over to see if he’s alright. “Should we go outside then?”

 

 Regulus scowls even harder and has a look of deep self-loathing on his face as his eyes flick to Remus, and he says, “I don’t need to talk to you, Sirius.”

 

Remus, understandably, is surprised. He and Regulus will read in the library together sometimes, although that is always coincidental, and sometimes Remus will find Regulus to ask him things about Sirius, but Regulus has never sought out Remus with the purposeful intention of having a chat.

 

Sirius is confused too.

 

“Uhh… why can’t you talk to me?”

 

“You wouldn’t understand.”

 

“I’m sure I would.”

 

“And I’m sure you wouldn’t, so fuck off.”

 

“Regulus!”

 

“Sirius!”

 

There’s a stalemate, where they’re both glaring at each other, and then Sirius huffs out a breath and says something too quiet for Remus to hear and Regulus rolls his eyes as he shoves him out the door, but he looks reluctantly appreciative, so Remus can guess.

 

Then the door closes, and Remus is left in the room with Regulus, his future brother-in-law, that he still has no idea how to talk to.

 

“Hello,” he says, trying to figure out what this conversation is about and assuming it’s about Sirius.

 

Regulus doesn’t narrow things down at all when he stays in place by the door, very tense and very stiff and saying nothing.

 

“So? What’s going on?” Remus asks, oddly feeling like he’s running a therapy session, especially as Regulus stares at him closely again before he sits on the couch, still saying nothing.

 

Remus can do silence, though, and when Regulus finally talks, it’s once again not what he was expecting.

 

“You’re Sirius’ boyfriend,” he tells him, and Remus has to forcibly hold back the fiancé, actually, that he’s dying to say since they haven’t made the announcement yet.

 

“Correct…” he replies slowly, still unsure where the questioning is going.

 

“So you’ve met his parents then,” Regulus says, emotionless again, but the only emotion Remus is feeling right now is confusion.

 

“Not really…? I’ve seen them on the platform, but then you, you know, killed them –“

 

Regulus scoffs at his answer, the first real emotion of the whole conversation, as he says bitterly, “Sirius has always made it very clear that they’re not his parents.”

 

“Oh,” Remus says, still not fully understanding. “You mean Effie and Monty then,” and Regulus glares at him yet again. 

 

“Yes.”

 

There’s a long pause, and then a very stilted, “James wants me to come with you for dinner tonight,” and in this moment, Remus understands exactly what Sirius meant when he said that sometimes, Regulus can be sweet.

 

Because here he is, refusing to make eye contact with Remus because he’s nervous about meeting his boyfriend’s parents and needs reassurance or an explanation of what to expect. He’d never say that, of course, least of all to Remus, but he’s inferred it. 

 

Remus can’t help but smile slightly at him; a lot of the stories Sirius had told him about Regulus when they were younger taking on a new dimension. When Regulus’ eyes flick up, he looks murderous and slightly hurt.

 

“I swear to fuck if you’re laughing at me –“

 

“No, no, I’m not,” Remus says hastily. “It’s just –“ but Regulus’ eyes flash dangerously again, so Remus doesn’t finish his sentence.

 

“You can’t really do anything wrong with Effie and Monty,” he says instead, and Regulus seems to relax slightly at the change of topic even though he still looks wary. “You just show up and be yourself, and that’s enough.”

 

“Being myself is rarely good enough for anyone, let alone my boyfriend’s parents, who I want to like me,” he bites out, and Remus is hit with the strange urge to hug him, although he doubts that will go over well.

 

“It’ll be enough for them,” Remus promises, that much he knows, but Regulus is still unconvinced, so he changes tactics. “The first time I stayed over at James’ house was the night your brother ran away,” and Regulus instantly looks panicked, so Remus rushes through the rest of the story. “I didn’t talk to them for five days; I stayed with your brother the whole time. Then for another four weeks, I just refused to leave Sirius and refused to go home, and it was never a problem. Effie said there’s always a room here for you, no matter what, and that was that. Even when I got so drunk one easter that I threw up all over the kitchen floor, she just helped me get to bed, cleaned it up, and then laughed as she came into my room the next morning with a hangover potion.”

 

Regulus is still staring at him blankly, so Remus feels his face soften slightly as he says, “you don’t need to worry, Regulus –“

 

“I’m not worried!” 

 

Remus only grins at him. “Okay.”

 

Regulus stares at him some more, seems to war with himself, and then, “what am I supposed to wear? Is a suit too much?” 

 

Remus does laugh at that one, unable to help himself.

 

“You think James and Sirius ever wear a suit to dinner?”

 

“You think I take fashion advice from James or Sirius?” Regulus counters looking nauseous at the thought, and Remus grins again, helplessly amused.

 

“Just wear what you’re wearing now; it’ll be overdressed, but acceptably so.”

 

“There’s no such thing as overdressed Lupin; there’s simply dining with the wrong company.”

 

“So wear the suit then.”

 

“I thought you told me not to!” and Remus genuinely cackles through the stinging hexes that he knew were coming. He’s still grinning when he looks at Regulus, his cheeks slightly pink from embarrassment but still in the room with him, which is a good sign.

 

“Wear one of your fancy shirts and trousers; it’ll be fine.”

 

“And for a hosting gift?”

 

“A what?”

 

“Never mind, this isn’t a conversation a half-blood would understand.”

 

“You’re a pretentious little shit sometimes; you know that, right?” he checks, and for some reason, this makes Regulus smile for the first time since he came in the room.

 

“Like Sirius isn’t the same,” and Remus shakes his head wryly, unable to deny it.

 

“So, any more questions?” he asks, but now that he’s apparently been reassured enough to escape his crisis, Regulus looks offended that he had the nerve to ask.

 

“Why would I talk to you about anything?” and now Remus understands precisely what Sirius meant when he said Regulus could be so infuriating to the point you want to throw a book at him.

 

Unlike Sirius usually does, Remus refrains himself from doing so.

 

“Can I tell Sirius what you said?” he asks. “Because you know he’ll ask,” and surprise, surprise, Regulus scowls at this too.

 

“I suppose I can’t stop you.” 

 

“Yeah, you can,” Remus replies easily. “You just tell me no,” and he hates the way Regulus looks so surprised at his answer for a second before his mask slides back into place.

 

“Do what you want, Lupin,” he says tiredly, and then he’s walking out of the room and hearing quiet whispers and what sounds like a body being shoved into a wall.

 

Then Sirius comes inside, scowling and rubbing his shoulder.

 

“So, what was that all about?” he asks, still an underlying concern in his voice, and Remus just reaches for him, pulling him against his chest and closing the door with a wave of his hand.

 

“He’s coming with us to the Potter’s for dinner tonight,” he says, and Sirius’ entire face softens as he understands at once.

 

“Oh, he’ll be freaking the fuck out then,” he replies. “That’s why he wouldn’t talk to me then, because I’m their son, and you’re only their –“ and then Sirius cuts himself off, wincing while words fail him as he tries to figure out what to say.

 

“I’m their other son’s plus one,” Remus says drily.

 

“You’re their future son-in-law, thank you very much”, and then he pouts some more and firmly wedges his way between the back of the couch and Remus, so he has no choice but to hold him.

 

“I was worried,” he says eventually. “I didn’t want him to think he couldn’t talk to me, but it makes sense why it had to be you.”

 

“He called you a pretentious little shit,” Remus says in response, and Sirius’ lips curl up fondly again.

 

“That’s what I call him; he usually calls me a walking sack of trauma, although both sentiments go both ways, you know?”

 

“Your family is so fucked up,” is all Remus can say, but Sirius only grins at him again.

 

“You’re the one who’s about to join it.”

 

 

James leaves Regulus alone for most of the day; the one time he’d tried to talk to him, Regulus had hissed insults and then seemed almost fretful that he’d offended him. When James offered to give him a hug or hide away in their room with him, Regulus had sent a stinging hex at him and told him in no uncertain terms to “fuck off and bother someone else for a change.” So, James had, but he’d also paused before he’d closed the door behind him and told him he could always come and find him if he needed to.

 

Regulus had slammed the door in his face, so James figured he wanted to be left alone, and a couple of hours later, Regulus went out, assumably to go for a walk to try and burn off his emotions.

 

James spent the entire day with Sirius and Remus instead, who were being more romantic than usual, and they kept shooting furtive glances at James but refused to tell him anything when he asked. The entire day was also blissfully free of Evan Rosier and Barty Crouch Junior, which made it even better.

 

In the evening, they got ready to go to the Potter’s, and while Regulus had said he’d think about coming, James had figured he was wanting to say no but had lost himself in a headspace where he didn’t think he had the option to and had said I’ll think about it instead.

 

He goes to check anyways, get the imminent refusal and then kiss him goodbye, but when he goes into their room and sees Regulus in his favourite shirt with a bouquet of flowers on the bed next to him, a slightly nervous, slightly excited, expression meeting his, James wonders if today is the day his heart bursts from being full of too much love. 

 

 

Regulus stresses the entire day, and he wishes that James would have asked him the minute before they needed to leave so he wouldn’t have had any time to stress at all.

 

No, that’s a lie. He would have found time to stress anyway.

 

Sirius tries to talk to him, but Regulus snaps at him.

 

James tries to talk to him, but Regulus snaps at him too. Then he’s left alone with nothing but his thoughts and the agonising slowness of time mixed with his nervous anticipation.

 

The only line of a poem he writes today is love is a scam, and then he’s at the florist down the road. Then he’s looking at his ridiculous number of shirts, holding them up, throwing them back in the closet, and picking them up again. Then he’s wondering if the question was a joke, and he doesn't know why this dinner is the most stressed he’s been in weeks.

 

He's a liar.

 

He knows exactly why.

 

Because James’ parents have expectations of him already, but Regulus never could meet the ones his parents had set for him, so he doesn’t know why James’ will be any different. They’re nice; he knows this already, but they’re still parents at the end of the day, which means they’re guaranteed to be dissatisfied.

 

Regulus knows James loves him. Regulus also knows that James would have told his parents this, which means they will be expecting someone nice, like stupid Lily Evans, but they’re going to meet Regulus instead.

 

And then along comes the disappointment and dissatisfaction.

 

There’s also the fact that they know it was his patronus who saved them a couple of years ago, so they’re expecting a hero to come to dinner, but when he shows up, they’ll see that he’s nothing more than a villain, unsuitable for his son.

 

They’ll also think he’s an unsuitable brother to their other son, Sirius, and it’s not fair; he doesn’t need to hear what he already knows.

 

He doesn’t want to go.

 

He was always going to say yes.

 

He gets ready, hates how he looks, has another shower, restyles his hair, hates that too and then just sits on his bed in James’ favourite of his dress shirts and complimentary black trousers, and then he sits.

 

And stresses.

 

And waits.

 

And waits.

 

And then he hears familiar footsteps on the stairs, and he knows that James is coming to ask him again, and it almost seems worth letting down his parents when he sees the way James’ face lights up at the sight of him in the doorway.

 

“Are you coming? Are you really? You don’t have to; it’s your choice always, you can say no, and I’ll love you either way,” he blurts out in quick succession. If there was ever any chance that Regulus was going to say no, it has disappeared completely after that.

 

“Yes James, I’ll come to meet your parents.”

 

“As my boyfriend?” James checks, and Regulus’ lips which had been in a nervous frown all day, twitch towards something resembling a smile as he reaches out for him and wraps his arms around his neck. “Yes James, as your boyfriend.”

 

James smiles at him again, his entire face full of love that Regulus can’t deny is for him, and for a moment, Regulus can almost forget about the stakes of tonight when James is blinding all his senses and is all he can think about.

 

James. James. James.

 

“Shall we go then?” he asks, and the moment is ruined, and the stress returns in full force, the worst it’s been so far, and his entire body stiffens, his muscles tense, and James pulls away frowning.

 

Come back,  Regulus thinks desperately.

 

“It’s okay if you don’t come, Reg –“

 

“I said I was fucking coming, or have you changed your mind about me after all?” he hisses, lashing out and trying to push James away so he doesn’t see him as weak. James, however, is entirely unflappable as he gently cups Regulus' chin in his hands, staring past his defensive walls and deep into his soul.

 

“The only thing that ever changes about us is how much I love you,” he whispers, his breath ghosting against Regulus’ lips. “Each day I wake up and think my love for you is infinite, and each day you redefine infinity for me all over again.”

 

Regulus melts, all the tension in his body draining away at once, as he hisses, “you can’t just say shit like that and not expect me to –“ 

 

 The bouquet falls to the floor. His hands are full of James’ hair. His favourite mantra is back in his head.

 

James. James. James.

 

“Promise?” he gasps out eventually, forcing himself to lean away before neither of them go anywhere.

 

“I promise,” James replies, his lips curling up as he holds out his pinky that Regulus slaps away with an unimpressed side-eye.

 

“I’ll hold you to that when your parents hate me and tell you to let me go.”

 

“Regulus,” James says, shaking his head affectionately. “They already love you; let me show you,” and despite his better judgement, Regulus takes James’ hand and lets him pull him out of the room.

 

 

Sirius and Remus are waiting for them in the sitting room by the fireplace, and they share a look that can only be described as fond as they watch Regulus come in, but they don’t say anything annoying or teasing. This is somehow more annoying because it means they know he’s nervous, and they’re treating him like he’s delicate.

 

“Get that look off your face, or I’ll hit you on the head with these flowers,” he warns, holding them above his head in threat, and somehow Sirius only looks more fond.

 

“Are we going?” he asks.

 

“I’ll go wherever you’re not,” he mutters, and Sirius just laughs. 

 

“Are you going first?”

 

“They’re James’ parents. He can go first,” Regulus blurts out instantly, the terror coming back in full force, and he knows Sirius can see it, so he deliberately looks in the other direction.

 

“Off you go, Prongs, you go next, Moony,” and they both glance back at the pair of them, but both do what they’re told and disappear. Then there’s a long silence where neither brother says anything.

 

“It’s easy, Reg,” Sirius says gently, treating him like he’s about to break. “You just drop the floo powder and say “Potter Manor.”

 

“I’ve done it before, Sirius –“

 

“Don’t fucking bring that up now!”

 

“I’m just saying.”

 

“Well don’t.”

 

There's a long pause.

 

“Do you want to go through together?”

 

“I’m not a baby,” Regulus replies indignantly.

 

“You’re my baby brother,” Sirius shoots back, ruffling his hair, and Regulus shoves him in the chest, steps up to the fireplace and doesn’t move.

 

“You go first, Sirius.”

 

“If I go first, then you won’t go.”

 

“You don’t know that.”

 

Sirius only gives him a dry look in response, and Regulus looks down, feeling uncomfortably chastised.

 

“They’re not like our parents were, Reggie.”

 

“Yeah, because they’re not dead.”

 

“I forget you’re funny sometimes,” and Regulus gives him a side-eye, but his lips twitch slightly.

 

Siris sighs again. “They always ask about you, you know?” he says, and Regulus' head snaps to him in surprise because, no, he did not know that. “Every time we go over, it’s always how’s Regulus, make sure he knows he’s always welcome; what has he been doing? Does he need anything from us? Even when I’d left, and you and I were still, you know –“

 

“Hating each other?”

 

“Yeah,” Sirius says, huffing out a laugh. “That. Even then, Effie wouldn’t bring it up much since it was a sensitive topic, but it was always if he ever needs to leave; there’s always a home here for him.”

 

“I never would have taken it,” he murmurs.

 

“Maybe not,” Sirius replies. “But she would’ve kept offering anyways.” 

 

 Regulus thinks it means more coming from Sirius when he says that James has good parents; James is biased and sees the best in everyone; Sirius understands why Regulus is the way he is.

 

“I just want,” he begins, and then he grimaces and doesn’t finish his sentence, but Sirius understands anyways.

 

“They’re good parents, so it doesn’t matter what you do,” he says. “It doesn’t have to be right or wrong. You just do your best, and that’s enough.”

 

“My best rarely is,” he bites out.

 

“It’s enough for the people that matter, Reggie,” Sirius answers quietly before answering the question Regulus is too afraid to ask. “It’s enough for me, too. I love you, and I’m proud of you, remember?”

 

Regulus swallows thickly and stupidly wants to hug him, but instead, he kicks him lightly in the shin, and as he grabs the floo powder, he realises they’ve been here before.

 

He thinks it’s symbolic in a myriad of ways that a floo to the Potters was the final push to the wedge that drove them apart, but 5 years later, they’re right back where they started; standing side by side in Grimmauld Place, staring at the fireplace while Potter Manor waits for them.

 

This time though, they’re not running from something but rather to someone, and this time when Regulus drops the floo powder and the flames turn green, they follow each other through them.

 

 

When Sirius steps through the floo, he is, unusually, not swept immediately into one of Effie’s hugs because she’s too busy putting the flowers Regulus gave her into a vase on the table. When he looks for Regulus, checking he’s not panicking in a corner or getting defiled in a cupboard, he sees him predictably near the bookshelf, his fingertips hovering over the spines. Sirius can see Regulus visibly stiffen when Monty comes towards him, so he instinctively steps forward, trying to overhear the conversation and figure out if Regulus needs rescuing.

 

“Regulus, we’re so glad to finally have you over,” Monty says, and Sirius watches the way Regulus shoots a suspicious look at him as if he’s trying to figure out if he’s telling the truth.

 

“It’s kind of you to invite me over, Mr Potter,” he replies stiffly, and Monty smiles at him.

 

“You have an open invite, with or without James and Sirius,” he says. “And Monty is fine, but if you’re comfortable with Mr Potter, then that’s fine too.”  

 

Regulus just nods again, seemingly unsure how to answer, but luckily, part of being a Potter is knowing how to talk. “I saw you looking at Emerson’s poetry collection,” Monty comments. “Do you read much of his work?”

 

“Emerson’s poems are full of shit,” Regulus says, scowling at the thought of them, and his face promptly drops in horror as Monty laughs and says, “he’s my favourite. I read one of his poems each night before I go to bed.”

 

“I didn’t mean that,” Regulus blurts out immediately, and his eyes instinctively flick towards Sirius in a silent plea for help makes his heart clench and soar at the same moment. He goes to take a step closer and intervene, but Monty only laughs again.

 

“We’re different people, Regulus, so we’ll have different interests; there’s no shame in it,” and Regulus just nods tentatively. Sirius knows he’s trying to read Monty’s mood, but his default is ridiculously cheerful like all Potter’s, so there’s not much to analyse.

 

“Who’s your favourite then?” Monty asks, still leading the conversation, and Regulus hesitates again before he says, “Henry Longfellow,” as though he’s being asked a trick question and will lose either way.

 

Monty’s face lights up in recognition, though. “Ah, I know him well. Give what you have. To someone it may be better than you dare to think. James isn’t into poetry much, but he used to like some from Lord Byron.”

 

“He would,” Regulus scoffs even though there’s fondness underlying his words. “There is no instinct like that of the heart. That couldn’t be more him.”

 

“Ah, but I’ve heard James has a new favourite poet now,” Monty replies, raising his eyebrows significantly. Regulus turns red, Monty laughs and then Regulus reluctantly smiles too, still embarrassed, still a bit awkward, but Sirius knows he will be fine.

 

They always arrive about an hour before dinner, and usually, he and James will harass Effie while she makes dinner, and Monty and Remus will read a book in the library, or Monty will finish off a potion. Tonight though, Effie has made her signature tikka masala that has been simmering on the stove for the past four hours and only needs to be taken off the element to serve.

 

So, Sirius bothers Remus in his excitement, unable to sit still, Monty and Regulus keep talking about poetry or whatever else they move onto, and James and Effie just watch them, utterly besotted.

 

It’s a long, long hour, though, anticipation dragging it out, and when Effie says dinner is ready in five minutes, Sirius knows it’s time.

 

“Are you sure?” he whispers to Remus.

 

“Yes, Sirius, I’m sure I’m sure.”

 

“Really?”

 

“Really.”

 

“Last chance to pull out.”

 

“I’m tempted.”

 

“Liar,” Sirius says, grinning, and then he stands up, clearing his throat loudly and forcing everyone to look at him. Regulus gives him a warning look, but for once, this isn’t about embarrassing him at all.

 

“I have two promotions to make in this room,” he declares, ignoring Regulus’ disinterested expression and focusing on James’ excitement instead. “James,” he states. “You’re the first promotion.”

 

“From what to what?” he asks amusedly, used to Sirius theatrics, but this moment is entirely deserving of them as he cancels the glamour that’s been on his ring finger for months and announces, “you’ve been promoted from best friend to best man.”

 

“No,” James gasps.

 

“He’s my fiancé!” he almost shrieks back, grabbing Remus' left hand and shaking it, and Remus laughs, breathless in his own excitement, and James is laughing too, eyes wide, talking too fast for anyone but Sirius to understand.

 

Effie wraps him in a tight hug, and Monty claps him on the shoulder looking so, so proud of him, and then he cries when Sirius asks him to walk him down the aisle. When Sirius glances at Regulus, he sees him still on the couch, looking so young, so surprised and something else that Sirius can’t quite figure out.

 

“You’ve got to hug me,” he tells him. “I’m engaged now; it’s part of the deal.”

 

“That’s not a thing,” he scoffs, but he doesn’t resist as Sirius yanks him off the couch, hugs him, and then Regulus frowns and tilts his head slightly, signalling for him to come out of the room.

 

Sirius hopes this won’t end in another fight but follows him anyways. The second they’re in the kitchen, accompanied by the smell of cinnamon, saffron, and other spices that Effie always explains but Sirius never remembers, Regulus looks at him and says bluntly, “you proposed the day James went missing, didn’t you?”

 

Sirius doesn’t deny it; it’s not a question.

 

“How did you know that?”

 

“Because I know you.”

 

“And what do you know about me?” 

 

“You can’t keep a secret to save yourself, and if you are keeping one, you’re obvious about it; so you didn’t propose today –“

 

“What makes you think I proposed?”

 

“You’re fussy and dramatic enough that you probably wouldn’t like the way Remus did it if he tried.” Sirius’ eyes widen, feeling exceptionally called out, and Regulus’ lips curl up at the corners.

 

“Any other day, you wouldn’t have been able to shut up about it, but it obviously wasn’t the time. James would have felt terrible if you’d said which day it was, but you want to protect him from that, so you waited.”

 

There’s not much Sirius can say to that, really. “Yeah.”

 

“Why didn’t you just do it when he got back?” Regulus asks. “You could’ve just announced it at the dinner table like a normal person –“

 

“That’s boring,” he replies, rolling his eyes. “If that was how Remus announced our engagement, I would have divorced him on the spot.”

 

“Your taste in men is awful,” Regulus says with no small amount of judgement, and while Sirius is going to marry Remus regardless, he still wants Regulus to like his future brother-in-law, which is something he hadn't thought about until now.

 

“You… don’t like Remus?” he asks hesitantly, and Regulus rolls his eyes so hard they’re entirely white for a moment.

 

“Remus is fine. The fact that he wants to marry you shows poor judgment and no self-respect. The fact that you want to marry him shows that that’s your type, so this marriage will be shameful to both of you, but mostly to me as someone associated with the pair of you.”

 

Sirius hits him lightly over the head, but he’s grinning and shaking his head in amusement until another thought occurs to him.

 

“Are you upset I didn’t make you best man?” he checks, but Regulus looks at him like he’s stupid.

 

“Everyone saw it coming that it’d be James,” Regulus replies amusedly before he adds a slightly quieter, “I just never thought I’d be there.”

 

“You’re an emotional wreck underneath your bitch façade, Reggie.” 

 

“You’re just an emotional wreck, and everyone knows it,” he shoots back.

 

“I’m an engaged emotional wreck, Reggie. Get it right,” Sirius grins, and Regulus rolls his eyes again.

 

“You’ll do a speech, right?” Sirius checks because he wants them to have that.

 

“I’m not doing a speech.”

 

“Like you’re not already writing notes for it in your little journal….”

 

“I’ll burn it.”

 

“No, you won’t.”

 

There’s another pause after that that Regulus breaks.

 

“You’re always my least favourite brother,” he says quietly. “But today, you’re my favourite brother too.”

 

Sirius just smiles and forces another hug on him again, refusing to let go until Regulus returns it.

 

“Yeah Reggie, love you too.”

 

 

The minute he and Sirius return from the kitchen, Effie announces that dinner is ready, which means everyone was waiting for them to finish their little heart-to-heart, and Regulus can’t decide how he feels about that.

 

What he does know how he feels about are the seating arrangements where he’s seated in between James and Monty and opposite Sirius. He doesn’t doubt that everyone wordlessly collaborated to make him the most comfortable, and he almost wants to complain about except he appreciates it too much to do so.

 

Monty keeps talking to him about poetry, and then they move on to potions and how the Hogwarts syllabus hasn’t changed in thirty years and what the notable gaps in the curriculum are, and he doesn’t bring up the war once which Regulus is eternally grateful for.

 

James keeps staring at him, and Regulus tries to tune him out but can’t quite manage it, and he knows Monty is watching them because every time his eyes flick towards James and they hover a second too long to be appropriate. He always turns back to Monty to continue their conversation, and he always has an amused look on his face, but he never mentions anything, another thing Regulus is grateful for.

 

It’s nice talking to Monty, and Regulus feels himself starting to relax as he realises that James and Sirius weren’t wrong and that this wasn’t some weird viewpoint that comes with being a Gryffindor; James’ parents are genuinely good people.

 

There’s still a part of him that’s waiting for the other shoe to drop, still a part of him that’s on edge, but he can’t deny that this is nice, that there’s something so rewarding about receiving validation you hadn’t even tried to earn in the first place. So, as he sits at the dinner table with the Potters, his brother, and his brother-in-law-to-be, he thinks he understands why this is the place Sirius has called home for the past five years.

 

When the meal is finished, Effie tells them to leave the dishes and go to the sitting room while she cleans up, but Regulus ignores her and takes the dishes to the kitchen anyways. This is a good idea in theory until she comes in behind him, making him alone in the kitchen her, and he feels trapped.

 

The logical part of his brain knows she won’t hurt him, but his basic survival instincts never fully go away, and he can feel his flight or fight mode kicking in automatically. Except it never was quite fight or flight with his mother; it was freeze.

 

Freeze under that specific stare he’d memorised before he knew the alphabet.

 

Freeze and let Sirius take the hits for him.

 

Freeze and watch Sirius leave and freeze as he finally took the hits he’d deserved to receive years ago because it's only worse when you try to run.

 

And now, in front of James’ mother, he’s frozen again, his eyes flitting between her hand resting at her side and her other hand holding a knife and her wand that he can’t see, but it has to be here somewhere.

 

“You’re a good boy, Regulus,” she says as she enters, smiling like all Potters do and either not noticing or, more likely, not commenting on how he’s staring at her like she’s a boggart. “The other boys never offer to help clean up, but you’re welcome to sit with them in the living room while I sort this out,” and Regulus can’t figure out if that’s an order or not.

 

“I can stay and help,” he says hesitantly, and Effie replies immediately, saying, “fine by me,” except she doesn’t actually tell him to do anything, and Regulus doesn’t move from his corner of the kitchen by the pantry.

 

“So, how have you been the past few months –“ she begins casually.

 

“My patronus reached you,” he interrupts, not knowing what he was going to say until the words had already left his mouth. Effie finishes scrubbing the plate in her hands and then lays it on the drying rack before she turns around.

 

“It did,” she says simply. Regulus is relieved that she doesn't bother thanking or trying to hug him; she seems to understand the concept of boundaries, unlike her son.

 

“That means I was on your wards, probably before I turned sixteen, because no one adds dead people to their wards.”

 

“It does,” she repeats.

 

“Why?”

 

“In case you ever needed to come over.”

 

“Yeah, I know that”, Regulus says, his face screwing up in frustration before he gets the word out that he’d been thinking about for years. “Why?”

 

As it turns out, James gets his pity face from his mother, but she tries to school it into something more neutral, which he once again appreciates. He wonders why James’ parents can read him better than his own parents ever could; maybe he was just written in a language his parents couldn’t be bothered to learn.

 

Effie seems to understand his need for honesty without unnecessary coddling as she says simply, “you and I will always have different opinions on your parents, but the first perspective I got of them was from watching Sirius. If you think I didn’t add you and him to my wards immediately and ensure your parents could never pass through, you must have an exceptionally low opinion of me.”

 

“That wasn’t what I was saying –“ Regulus blurts out, worried he’s offended her somehow, but Effie waves him off, quieting him instantly.

 

“One thing I’ve learnt is that being a mother isn’t a role restricted to only your child; it’s about being one to anyone who needs it.”

 

“You’re nothing like my mother,” he says quietly.

 

She smiles softly. “Whatever I call you and whatever you call me, Regulus, this house will always be a home to you –“

 

“I’m a murderer,” he interrupts sharply. “And I’ve tortured people,” he continues when she merely raises her eyebrows. “I’ve done it mercilessly; I’ve killed people I went to school with, grew up with –“

 

“And that makes you undeserving of love?” she asks.

 

“Doesn’t it?”

 

“If it does, then we’re both in trouble, aren’t we?” she replies lightly, and Regulus blinks at her while he waits for his brain to catch up.

 

“What?” is all he says uselessly. “You? What?”

 

“There’s no pride in knowing that there’s blood on your hands, Regulus, but there doesn’t have to be shame either. There’s always guilt, always culpability, but sometimes, there’s also gratitude that it was them and not us. Is it selfish? Quite possibly, but I dare say you were fighting for more people than just yourself, which means that even murder can have noble aspects to it.”

 

Regulus just shakes his head. “There were people I could have saved, people I didn’t have to kill, but I did anyways because I wanted to.”

 

“And there are also people we could have killed but chose to save instead, and that’s what we need to be grateful for, too,” she says gently, and Regulus stares at her with wide eyes again because she knows that she’s talking about himself.

 

“I won’t judge you for doing what you needed to survive a war Regulus, especially not when I think of the things I’ve done for myself and my family.” When Regulus looks up, still unconvinced, she continues. “At the end of the day, all I want is what’s best for my son, and seeing the way he looks at you, I know he’s found it.”

 

“You raised a good son,” he murmurs, and Effie beams at him as she pats his shoulder and says, “and you grew into a great young man, Regulus.” 

 

He thinks it’s deliberate how she leaves him alone in the kitchen, returning to the living room and giving him a moment to collect himself. 

 

All Regulus can think is that this is what his life could have been. The small part of himself that’s growing bigger and bigger each day tells him that this is what he should have had all along; that this is what he and Sirius deserved, and standing here for the first time in the middle of the Potter Manor, he finds himself that he’d followed Sirius through the floo.

 

He hears footsteps a moment later, and he’s still smiling when he turns to see James’ concerned face in the doorway, coming closer towards him.

 

“Are you okay?” he asks. “You can go back if you want to; you don’t have to stay if you’re uncomfortable,” but Regulus only shakes his head and smiles at him. 

 

“Yeah, James,” he says honestly, grabbing his hand as he pulls him back towards the living room, back towards his family. “I’m okay.”

 

 

The fifth time Regulus tries ends up being the first time he says it, and he thinks he should have seen it coming the way it ended up panning out.

 

It had started on his birthday when he had woken up to twenty balloons floating above him, twenty presents at the end of the bed and twenty seconds and twenty minutes and twenty lifetimes all fitted into one moment as he stares at James, smiling softly as he watches him wake up.

 

“Happy birthday, love,” he says, kissing his forehead.

 

“Happy indeed.”

 

“I love you,” James tells him. “I love the fact I get to celebrate your birthday with you as well, and so, to make up for the fact that we never have before, I got you twenty presents, one for each year without you.”

 

Sometimes, Regulus thinks the most special thing about the way James isn’t the fact that he’s thoughtful or kind or goes out of his way to genuinely make him happy; he thinks the most special thing is that it's him that James chooses to do these things to.

 

“Ridiculous,” he mutters, shaking his head even though a smile creeps onto his face as he sits up and stares at the literal haul in front of him.

 

“They’re numbered, okay?” James tells him, even though Regulus hadn’t asked. “I’ve numbered them all, so this one first,” and James is literally vibrating in excitement, as impatient as he ever gets, as Regulus gently peels back the clumsily placed sellotape, not wanting to ruin anything that came from someone so precious.

 

The first gift is a pocket watch, and the face of it is navy, almost black, and amongst the seven gold arrows that tell the time is a silver sun surrounded by silver stars. On the back of the watch is a small inscription of J & R against the metal.

 

“What?” is all he says, staring at it reverently, his fingertips tracing the letters, the warmth and richness of James’ magic radiating from where he had cast the spells.

 

“I know most wizards get a pocket watch to signify the moment they turn seventeen but you, uh, didn’t get that so I thought I’d try to make it up to you.”

 

He looks nervous, like he’s worried Regulus will hate it, but Regulus doesn’t know how he ever could.

 

“Je t’aime, James,” he murmurs instead. “Je t’aime toujours.”

 

That’s how it’s been recently. Regulus still can’t get the words out in English, but French was the first language he learnt, and it seems to come easier to him in moments like this, moments where he wonders if the sun has exploded or if he’s just lost himself the oasis of James Potter.

 

The other unspoken rule is that if Regulus tells James he loves him, no matter which language, James has to pretend it didn’t happen because the one time he did lead to Regulus locking himself in the bathroom for over half an hour, unsure what to do and unsure if he’d ever be able to bring himself to come out again.

 

“Okay,” is all James says in response, his not-quite-repressed smile and the not-quite-repressed glow in his eyes making Regulus shake his head even as he reaches out for the next one.

 

The second present is the same tube of eyeliner that Sirius owns that Regulus steals and then says he hates when Sirius tells him to buy his own. James grins innocently at him when Regulus gives him an unimpressed stare, but when he turns around to put it on his bedside table, he lets his scowl soften for a moment.

 

The third and fourth are individually wrapped merino winter gloves lined with rabbit fur that James “thought were stupid and extravagant so I knew you’d like them.”

 

Regulus scowls at the descriptor, but naturally, does like them.

 

The fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth are fancy quills that Regulus likes but they come in a six-pack, and James “couldn’t just buy shit for the sake of it and ruin your minimalist vibe so you get individually wrapped quills instead.”

 

James had gotten another “je t’aime” after that.

 

The eleventh present is a bottle of ink which is almost a shimmery rainbow colour which seems very James and not at all very Regulus until James tells him that the colour of the ink will change depending on his emotions, and it can help him figure out what he feels when his brain gets too tangled up to figure it out on his own.

 

Regulus appreciates the sentiment behind it and understands why James would buy it for him. He understands how healthy and beneficial it could be for him, but that doesn’t stop him from glowering and throwing it at the wall, hoping it’ll shatter, but it just bounces to the floor uselessly.

 

“I paid the shop lady an extra three galleons to make the glass unbreakable,” James says smugly, and Regulus scowls again, summons the pot of ink and throws it at his head.

 

Like most things thrown at James, it bounces off, too, and James stays laughing at him as he hands him the next one.

 

The twelfth present is a practice snitch, the thirteenth is fizzing whizbees, and the fourteenth and fifteenth are two blocks of Honeydukes chocolate. 

 

The sixteenth is a collection of French poetry that Regulus winces at because he likes it, and he knows James did not pick this out, which meant James and Sirius went around buying him presents. He doesn't know why it’s almost embarrassing that his brother knows his boyfriend and knows that they’re in love.

 

The seventeenth is another blank notebook for his journalling, the eighteenth is a pair of cufflinks with the Leo constellation on each, and the nineteenth is an assortment of rare potions ingredients from James’ dad so he can do some more brewing and experimenting.

 

After Regulus has opened the nineteenth, he looks up to see James’ half amused, half concerned face as he says, “the last one you get with Sirius’ present, I don’t know what it is yet, but he asked me to let this be a part of it.”

 

“And what’s this?” Regulus asks.

 

James just grins at him.

 

“You’ll see.”

 

 

Remus makes him brunch to Sirius’ direction, and the entire time, Sirius and Remus are shooting each other furtive looks like they can’t hold in their excitement, especially Sirius. Regulus can’t tell if he should be unimpressed or excited about whatever he has planned for the rest of the day.

 

He finds out soon enough as the moment he’s finished eating waffles with strawberries and maple syrup, the food he used to have every year on his birthday growing up, Sirius drags Regulus to the sitting room. Everyone else in the house naturally follows him, so all four of them are waiting for Sirius and Remus to come back with whatever they want or whatever they've done.

 

“What will the birthday boy get from his least favourite brother?” Evan asks him.

 

“What will the birthday boy get from his favourite ex?” Barty asks, smiling sweetly and laughing outright when he sees James’ face and how his hand wraps around Regulus' waist and holds it unnecessarily tight.

 

He’s possessive and jealous, and Regulus would be annoyed at Barty if he wasn’t so pleased to have James like this.

 

Possessive and jealous and unmistakably his.

 

At the way Barty grins at him in a self-satisfied way, he knows exactly what he’s done and what effect he has on James, especially as he shoots a you’re welcome look at Regulus as though this was his plan all along.

 

Before Regulus can curse or hit him, though, Sirius comes back into the room with a ridiculous amount of parchment in his hands, covered in his writing. Regulus has literally no idea what it could be or what Sirius might have interested himself in to write quite literally over one hundred pages on.

 

“I have a gift for you, Reggie. It’s from me and Remus, although mostly me –“

 

“If it’s research, I doubt you did any of it.”

 

“I’ll take it back.”

 

“You haven’t even given it to me!”

 

“I’ll take it back anyway.”

 

“I will leave.”

 

“Don’t!”

 

“You have five words to convince me to stay,” he warns, and Sirius grins at this as he drops the pages on Regulus’ lap and he reads the title, underlined three times.

 

How to kill Albus Dumbledore.

 

Regulus’ mouth drops open, and his entire face lights up as he flicks through the pages.

 

He’d been thinking of Dumbledore often, practising his duelling and learnt some more dark magic from the Black family grimoire, but he was very much planning to do a similar strategy to killing Voldemort where he very much winged the entire thing. However, Regulus had also been enjoying a break from fighting, finishing his last couple of months as a teenager by being a teenager, and hanging out with his brother, friends, and boyfriend.

 

Sirius, despite appearances, has not been relaxing in the same way Regulus has been and has done this.

 

This being a 120-page collection of what Dumbledore’s usual schedules are, what wards surround his home, what the ones Sirius hasn’t been able to identify feel like, what spells he thinks might be useful, and what objects he remembers seeing in his office that are potential weapons. There is also how his office, his house, other places in Hogwarts and Diagon Alley compare to each other as places to ambush, and all of this manifests to the last page, titled optimal day for a murder: Wednesday 15th July 1981.

 

“How the fuck did you get all of this?” he asks, flipping through the pages incredulously, a smile working its way onto his face involuntarily at the thought of finally getting rid of Dumbledore once and for all.

 

“Well, heir Black,” Sirius begins smugly. “I happen to be Lord Black, which means there is almost nothing people wouldn’t do for me.”

 

“Why did you do all this?” he asks next, still processing, still unable to process how Sirius had enough mental capacity to sit down and do this for him.

 

“Well, it’s like you did with Voldemort, isn’t it? Stay quiet, plan, and end him when he least suspects it; that’s what I’ve done here for Dumbledore. I started planning it the moment I found out he condemned you to be a Death Eater, and I stood down from the Order of the Phoenix, actually.”

 

“I was shocked you didn’t yell at him, to be honest.”

 

“I learnt from the best Reggie. Pretend everything is normal and then fuck him up.”

 

“That is not how we're saying I killed Voldemort.”

 

“You can’t deny that you fucked him up, though.”

 

“I’ll fuck you up, Sirius.”

 

“Like I wouldn’t fuck you up first,” he scoffs, and Regulus pulls the finger at him and rolls his eyes. “It looks good, though?” Sirius asks next, “it’s a working plan?” 

 

“I need to read over it properly and probably add my own notes, but it looks viable,” he muses, planning out how this is going to work, planning out exactly how he’ll do this –“

 

“Perfect, looks like we’ll be having some brotherly bonding time in a couple of weeks then –“ and Regulus’ brain screeches to a halt because, no. No. This wasn’t ever and will not ever be happening.

 

“You’re not coming, Sirius,” he says slowly because that was never an option, that’s not what this is about. Regulus was always going to fight on his own and kill Dumbledore on his own to keep everyone safe; he can’t do that if everyone comes with him.

 

Sirius just looks at him like he’s stupid. “And how are you going to stop me, Reggie? I literally planned all of this. I know exactly where Dumbledore will be at all times, and thus where you’ll be –“

 

“I’ll oblivate you; I could do it this time,” he says, and he knows that he could; this wouldn’t make Sirius forget him, only forget how to endanger himself, so it’s definitely a viable option –“

 

“Don’t you fucking dare!” Sirius hisses, his amusement at Regulus’ defiance turning into livid anger in a heartbeat. “Either both of us go, or neither of us goes, and we both know someone has to kill Dumbledore.”

 

“Well, it won’t be you,” he hisses back. “I’ll go myself, and you can stay here. Lupin, what do you think about your stupid fucking fiancé coming on a murder spree with me?”

 

“Where he goes, I go, Regulus, so the real question is, how do you feel about going on a murder spree with us?” Remus asks, his main emotion seeming to be amusement at this. Regulus realises that if they’ve planned this together, they also obviously planned to do this together, which means they won’t be dissuaded.

 

New tactic.

 

“James, we could all die, you know? Can you agree with me and say it’s for the best that I go alone, or do you want to risk yourself being alone and having everyone you love die instead of just me?” 

 

He feels absolutely no remorse at using emotional manipulation to get his way, not when it’s about this, not when it’s about his brother's safety and the fact that he could die and –

 

The silence is long. The silence is far too long for a simple “yes”, and when he looks at James’ face, it’s tender but unrepentant as he says gently, “Love, you know I wouldn’t let you fight on your own, right?”

 

No.

 

Regulus did not know that.

 

Regulus had never considered that possibility and will not entertain it.

 

“You are not,” he says warningly, especially not James, who Dumbledore has already used against him once and who has never cast a curse stronger than stupefy in his life.

 

Not James, who deserves more than following him into a fight he didn’t even begin.

 

Not James.

 

Not James. Never James.

 

“I won’t let you follow me,” he tells him, and James just smiles softly in response.

 

“I won’t let you stop me.”

 

“You’re not coming. None of you. I’ve already won a war alone, and I don’t need your help to win another one!”

 

“You’re getting it anyways,” Sirius says casually, and Regulus wishes someone would yell, so he could have a fight instead of feeling like he’s on the cusp of a panic attack.

 

“Sirius, it’s not happening,” he shouts, aware that Sirius can undoubtedly hear the pleading in his voice that he can't quite cover with anger. “You’re not fighting with me. Not you, not Remus, not any of you.”

 

“You’d fight for us,” James continues, still far too calm compared to the storm of emotions in his chest. “So why can’t we fight for you?”

 

“Because I’m expendable, and you’d survive the loss of me, but I wouldn’t survive the loss of any of you!” he shouts, aiming for guilt tripping but leaning into far too much honesty, and his voice cracks down the middle making him want to crawl into a hole and never resurface.

 

Sirius stands up and puts his face directly in front of Regulus, staring him in the eyes, and Regulus hopes he hits him.

 

He’s disappointed, though, as Sirius looks at him with a bit of anger but mostly love and sympathy as he says too quietly for the others to hear, “you’ve watched me lose you five times, Regulus, and you saw how I was. You are not, never have been and never will be expendable. I will follow you into every war you fight to ensure you come out the other side of it alive.” 

 

He doesn’t give Regulus a chance to respond, unwilling and unamenable to any rebuttal as he pulls back and stares between James and Regulus, both looking like they want to throttle the sense into each other though neither will back down.

 

“Right, you two can have a chat, Regulus can get over himself, and then by then, it’ll be time for dinner, so see you later; we’re not changing our minds.”  

 

With that, Sirius walks out of the room, and Remus follows him, shrugging at Regulus unrepentantly.

 

“You’re not coming either; I will curse you if you try to get involved in this,” he tells Evan and Barty, who are still sitting on the other couch. Evan just raises his eyebrows as if to say try me, bitch and says, “flick to page 74.”

 

Regulus stares at him suspiciously but does anyways, and he sees what Sirius has written.

 

Strongest members of the Order who will be on Dumbledore’s side; ways to circumvent this.

 

-      Kingsley Shacklebolt- find out when his shifts are at the Ministry?

-      Emmeline Vance- will she come to fight for us instead? Good at curse-breaking but not as good as curse casting

- Mad-Eye Moody- biggest threat to us. Biggest Ally to Dumbledore. Crouch and Rosier say they can help???

 

“You killed him for Sirius?” he asks incredulously. “You risked your lives again for this stupid fucking plan that we’re not even going to follow?”

 

“We killed him because we thought it would be a nice first date, thank you very much,” Barty replies with no small amount of scorn. “It was pure convenience that it benefitted you and your brother.”

 

“And because he cursed Barty and nearly killed him and then sent me to Azkaban, so he was already on our hit list,” Evan adds, and Barty nods in agreement.

 

“You’ve done your bit then, so you can stay here.”

 

“ Aw, Regulus does care about us, isn’t he sweet?” Barty coos to Evan.

 

“Our little ray of sunshine,” Evan mocks back.

 

“If you come to fight him with me, you’ll die either way because I’ll kill you if Dumbledore doesn’t,” he warns.

 

“So long as your face is the last thing I see before I go,” Barty replies, fluttering his eyelashes. Regulus sends a stinging hex at him instinctively.

 

“Don’t do it,” he says, looking between them, not quite begging but as close to it as he’ll get. “Don’t.”

 

They both glance at each other and then glance back at him.

 

“We signed up for the cause together, Reg, and we’re going to stand at your side as we set it all on fire.”  

 

With that, they leave the room too, and then it’s just Regulus and James.

 

The tension is thick.

 

Regulus knew, really, that Sirius wouldn’t leave him, not that he won’t keep trying, but he thinks he can convince James otherwise.

 

He doesn’t say anything, though, just stares at the door everyone just left through and hopes it's not symbolising the future, hopes it’s not a premonition or a warning that he's going to be alone again.

 

“Regulus.”

 

Except James.

 

“You’re not coming, James,” he says sharply. “I don’t give a shit what you say or how you try to convince me, you’re not coming.”

 

“You can’t stop me,” he repeats softly, the same as earlier and the calm tone and the caring in his eyes is making Regulus' anger mix with his fear and the sheer terror of losing him. He feels dangerously close to losing himself in another breakdown.

 

He represses the thoughts away for the first time in a while and prepares for a fight; he thinks this one will be harder to win than the one against Dumbledore.

 

“You’re not coming, James; I mean it. I’ll knock you out and tie you up without remorse to keep you safe.”

 

“No, you won’t,” he says, still so damn calm. “You don’t have the right to take those choices away from me.”

 

“Well fuck righteousness James!” he screams, his anger manifesting exponentially. “Fuck all your stupid fucking morals that you think make you better than me because I don’t have any! And you can hate me all you want, but I’d rather you be alive to hate me than have you dead and self-satisfied –“

 

“Maybe I want the same for you!” James bursts out, their bickering finally, finally turning into their first proper fight.

 

“I couldn’t give a fuck what you want right now, James, not a single fuck; if you want to hate me, fine. If you’re going to curse me and hate me and break up with me because of the betrayal, then I couldn’t give a shit; all I care about is that you’re alive to do it –“

 

“Do you not see the hypocrisy here?”

 

“I couldn’t give a fuck about that either.”

 

“Well, I do! It’s important to me –“

 

“You’re important to me –“

 

“Then fucking act like it, Regulus!” and that hurts. Oh, that one hurts. Regulus’ internal monologue is interrupted, no thoughts and nothing to say.

 

James, however, has a lot to say, and each of his barbed words make Regulus bleed.

 

He had thought that keeping James away from the fight was an act of love. He hadn’t thought that James would see it as a betrayal. He still can’t find it within himself to care.

 

“You don’t get to run my life for me, okay? I’m not your fucking pet or your servant, and you don’t get to tell me what to do! You’d really knock me unconscious without remorse until the battle was over just to keep me safe? That’s psychopathic and unhealthy and fucked up, and if you ever did that to me, I would leave you –“

 

“Then leave!”

 

“I don’t want to, but I’m not going to date someone who won’t respect me and my rights –“

 

“You won’t have rights if you’re dead!”

 

“And that includes making decisions for myself and not having you take my choices away from me, pretending it’s for my own good –“

 

“What about this isn’t for your own good?”

 

“Because I hate everything about the way you’re trying to achieve it!”

 

“Well, I’m sorry you’re so dissatisfied with the way I choose to love you,” he screams, and James shuts up immediately, staring at him with wide eyes.

 

Regulus stares at him too, eyes wide, heart pounding in his chest from all of the confessions he’s been making, so he stands still, eyes closed, the weight of everything pressing down on him, and it’s too much now, the cracks are spreading, and everything is leaking out.

 

“Reg –“

 

“I can’t lose you,” he says, his voice far more hoarse than he’d like, sheer terror flooding through him at the prospect of it. “I won’t lose you. I can’t do it, I can’t do it, James.”

 

“I won’t live forever, Regulus,” James replies gently, his hands reaching out and taking Regulus’ in his own. 

 

“I want forever with you. I don’t want this to be all we have,” he says, gesturing around him, and now that he’s started, it’s all coming flooding out. “I want to wake up next to you every morning, and I want us to have our own house, and there’ll be an open plan living area so you can have all your friends over, and we’ll have a library with a grand piano and a desk so I can write in peace. I want that, and I want that with you, and I don’t want to have to fight anymore because I’m so tired, and I just want to sit on the patio with you and watch the garden in the glow of the sunset, but I can’t do any of that if you’re fucking dead –“

 

He sucks in a sharp breath at this, quickly followed by another, and another, and James makes a distressed noise and reaches out for him, and Regulus doesn’t even know he’s crying until he feels the fabric of James’ shirt beneath his head become wet.

 

He feels stupid crying; he wants to be angry, it’s so much easier than this carving in his chest and this vice around his heart, but every time he tries to calm down, his mind gives him flashes of a life without James or one where he’s going to his brothers funeral.

 

“I don’t want to fight anymore, James,” he chokes out. “I’m so tired, I'm too tired,” and James holds him closer and lets him cry.

 

And cry.

 

And cry.

 

The last time he ended a war, he wasn’t scared of the outcome because he had nothing to lose.

 

This time, he has everything.

 

“I’d run away if you asked me to,” James whispers in his ear. “Sirius would as well, and Remus would come with him. I'd even let Crouch and Rosier come. We don’t have to fight; there’s nothing wrong with running. We could run to that house, make it our home just by having you being there with me. Just say the word Reg, and we’ll run together. I wouldn’t even look back; I’d have to reason to me if I had you next to me –“

 

“We can’t,” he cries, voice wrecked, heart yearning. “We can’t.”

 

“Then we’ll do it together,” James says, his arms still around Regulus, but his face now inches in front of his, looking him in the eye. “We’ll plan, and we’ll fight, and then we’ll live in that house, and we’ll do it all together.”

 

“And if we’re not? If we don’t make it there?”

 

“We will,” James says so confidently that Regulus wants to believe him. “If not in this lifetime, we'll get there one day, and we’ll do it together because we –“ and then he falters, still stuck on Regulus’ latest confession and unsure how and if Regulus wants to deal with it.

 

James loves him. James isn’t going to leave him. James is telling him that they’ll find their happy ending.

 

He doesn’t know if it makes him a fool or a romantic that he chooses to believe him.

 

“Because we love each other,” he whispers, and James looks at him, eyes wide, hopeful, in love.

 

“Yeah?”

 

“Because I love you, James,” Regulus whispers, and now that the words are out of his mouth, he doesn’t know why he found it hard to say them in the first place because now he can’t take them back, can’t stop.

 

“I love you, I love you, James. I’ll love you as long as the sun and the stars continue to exist, and when the sun explodes one day and destroys everything we are, I’ll freefall into the flames and let your love consume me whole. I love you, and I’m sorry it took me so long to say it, and I’m sorry if you get sick of hearing it because now, I don’t know how to stop –“

 

“Regulus –“

 

“I love you, okay? Whatever happens, wherever we are, whoever we become, you will eternally be mine, and we will eternally be us.”

 

“Tell me one more time,” James says breathlessly, from where he’s standing centimetres away.

 

“I love you. I love you, James. Je t’aimerai toujours,” and only then does he finally lean forwards and seal the kiss.

 

 

Their fight was long, and their making-up was even longer, so Sirius’ prediction of Regulus returning to public company as the sun sets is annoyingly accurate.

 

“Finished overreacting?” Sirius asks, raising his eyebrows as he comes into the kitchen, and Regulus just scowls at him.

 

“When have I ever overreacted about anything?” he shoots back, and everyone in the room gives him an unimpressed look.

 

“You do not want us to answer that,” Sirius replies drily, then, “you come to terms that we’re all going on a triple date to kill Dumbledore yet?” 

 

Even though he wishes he didn’t have to, wishes it didn’t have to be this way, he understands why it is.

 

“Not yet, maybe, reluctantly.”

 

“Good, did you like Prong’s –“

 

“ Oh, I didn’t give you your last present Regulus!"

 

“What the fuck were you doing with my brother for four hours then?”

 

“Stop being a prude, Sirius,” Regulus says scornfully as James darts out of the room and then presses a soft, wrapped package into his hands.

 

“So it’s not actually a gift; you don’t get to keep it,” James is explaining, “but I thought you’d like to look at it, and you’re welcome to use it anytime you want.”

 

It feels like clothes. Regulus absolutely does not want to wear any of James’ hideous clothes, but when he peels back the paper, he sees a shimmery silver cloak fall out, and when he puts it over his arm, it becomes invisible.

 

“Of course, you have an invisibility cloak,” he scoffs, even though he traces his fingers reverently across the material until his fingers still on the hood as he sees a symbol he’s seen twice before; a triangle inside a circle with a line through its middle.

 

The Deathly Hallows.

 

In the distance, almost like an echo, he swears he hears the word “master.”

 

“Oh fuck,” he whispers, breathless with elation. “That’s how we’ll do it.”

 

“Do what?” James asks, and Regulus looks at him, his fears from early lessening slightly in the wake of this artefact and the new information it reveals.

 

“This is how we get there, James. This is how we’ll kill Dumbledore,” because everything is clicking into place now, all of the answers coming to him unbidden as an eerie sense of déjà vu settles around him.

 

Because he’s been here before.

 

Voldemort was evil, unashamed in his moral corruption, while Dumbledore hid his true self behind fake smiles and false promises.

 

Voldemort believed he was unbeatable, while Dumbledore tried to maintain his façade so no one would ever see him as a threat.

 

Voldemort tethered his life to the Earth, refusing to let death take him, while Dumbledore refuses to let death find him.

 

“They’re opposites,” he says, lost in euphoria, because this is it, this is the answer to everything.

 

Dumbledore and Voldemort were in opposite houses.

 

Gryffindor and Slytherin.

 

They were on opposite sides of the war.

 

Light and dark.

 

The way they try to cling to immortality and the way Regulus will rip it away from them are opposites too.

 

Hallows and Horcruxes.

 

He’s the Master of Death now, he can manipulate fate, and he will ensure that everyone he loves survives. 

 

And he will ensure that Albus Dumbledore doesn’t.

 
Notes:

    I literally cannot wait to fall in love if this is what I have to look forward to.

    This honestly gives epilogue vibes, but the fic isn't even over yet!!! I think you can mostly guess where the last 2 chapters go though tbh and then you'll get an epilogue after that.

    Also Monty asking about a poet and Regulus unashamedly hating him and Monty being like "oh he's my favourite" and Regulus absolutely shitting himself is immaculate characterisation once again.

    Lots of favourite lines in this, if you follow my tiktok you'll see how I was slowly losing my ability to gatekeep this lmao, but I especially liked "their love story would become the bible to every hopeless romantic."

    Look at me finally writing a happy (mostly) chapter for you :))))))))))))))

Chapter 35: Rosekiller Interlude (part one): Best friends
Summary:

    Best Friends?

Notes:

    Helloooooo look who is back- this is the longest I've ever gone without posting a chapter, espeically a 46k rosekiller interlude and if you follow me on tiktok, I know I should apologise for how much I wouldn't shut up about it but I'm not sorry xoxo (Now that it's out, I'll only become worse :)))))

    Honestly this interlude has quite different vibes from the rest of the story, because rosekiller is a very unique sort of ship, you know??????? I always say that the best thing about rosekiller is you can make them as unhinged as you like and it's perfect characterisation, and as you will see, I have taken that FAR TOO LITERALLY.

    You don't need to read the rest of the fic for it to make sense, but some rosekiller bits that were mentioned in the main story weren't repeated here, or were only briefly mentioned since you already got an entire scene in the main story??? It'll make sense as you read it, and you can always reread things if you don't remember.

    New content warnings? I think they're mostly the same and I'd say if you've read the rest of the fic then you'll but I'll repeat them anyways- this interlude is honestly lighter than anything Regulus-related so its quite good.
    - Violence (obviously)
    - Murder (also obviously)
    - Disassociation or panic attack, not entirely sure how to define it but a mix of both?? It focuses more on the disassocation part, but it causes panic if that makes sense??
    - Fear of coming out, but this isn't traumatic or anything, it's just fear you know???
    - Using alcohol as a grief coping mechansim and having drunk sex (NO IT IS NOT EXPLICIT AND DO NOT ASK FOR EXPLICIT SEX BECAUSE THOSE COMMENTS HORRIFY ME)

    Also for everyone wondering, no you won't get a marylily interlude and no it's not because I hate women (don't even try go there), but it's because if I'm going to write them a whole interlude then I don't want to set it in the whttyyl au so I'm going to write them their own short fic with a different au once I've finished this fic!!!!

    Next update will be 2-3 weeks away, got a lull in my uni assignments but also moving countries on Thursday so don't really know what my time will be like and have to get the chapter perfect since it wraps up the pre-prologue timeline (This fic is nearly over and I will cry when it is).

    Anyways, hope you enjoy, all 4 chapters are being posted now and honestly some of it I can't beleive I wrote and other parts I love and know I'll never replicate.

    Thank you for not being dicks about me pushing the update back as well, I was very very appreciative that you were understanding :)))))))))

    SORRY FOR THE LOOOOONG CHAPTER NOTE, I HOPE YOU ENJOY IT AND I'M SO EXCITED TO HEAR ALL OF YOUR THOUGHTS ON IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Barty Crouch Junior grew up spoilt.

 

He was an only child, and his mother was a stay-at-home mum who spent all her time raising him. He would always get whatever he wanted and never had to ask for much because his mother would buy him everything before he knew he wanted it at all. It was usually with her husband's money, but he never seemed to mind what they did as long as they were quiet when he was working.

 

Barty didn't always see his dad. He was busy at work, busy doing politics, busy providing for the family, and often too busy for his own son, so sometimes he swore his mum worked extra hard just to give him the experience of being a child and of being the centre of his parent's world, or at least one of them.

 

Everything changed when his mother died in a freak accident when he was 8 years old, and after that, no one had time for him anymore, least of all his father; that was when Barty learnt the value of big gestures.

 

When his mum died, he stopped being seen, and sometimes he felt like he'd died too, become nothing more than a ghost that haunted the house, tied to it as much as the owner tried to evict him.

 

The only thing that stopped him from believing he really was dead, though, is that if he were a ghost haunting his father's house, he would have undoubtedly found a way to get rid of him.

 

So Barty stopped being quiet, he stopped doing what he was told, he stopped trying to tell his father about his day, and he began making gestures instead.

 

Big gestures.

 

He'd throw plates to get his father's attention, and he'd shout and rage and scream until his father locked the wards on the house and went to work, leaving him inside.

 

He was loud, didn't bend to his father's will, and couldn't fit it in if he also wanted to be noticed.

 

He doesn't know if his father ever did notice him, but the rest of the world did the moment the sorting hat hovered above his head and screamed Slytherin.

 

Barty didn't mind hearing all the stories about how Slytherins were evil and how nobody liked them. He relished in the knowledge that his father would hear about this, and so would the rest of the world; they would know that the image his father was trying to maintain of being a proper and honest minister candidate was tainted by his Slytherin son.

 

The older he got, the further the distance between himself and his father grew, and the greater his gestures became.

 

Fuck coming home for Christmas quietly; he's going to wear his Slytherin jersey and say goodbye to all of his friends on the platform and make his father wait… except his father never showed up.

 

Fuck choosing options his father thinks are suitable for a stable career like arithmancy and transfiguration; Barty is going to fail both those exams to spite him and score perfect marks in ancient runes, the class that his father had sneered at and said, "you don't need to know history, politics is all about the future" about. Barty had lain his report card out on the table in smug defiance, and it had still been there gathering dust two weeks later.

 

The gestures got bigger.

 

Fuck dating a nice pureblood girl; he doesn't care what gender he dates, so he's going to make sure it's a nice pureblood boy because his father couldn't be any more of a homophobe if he tried, and would hopefully have an aneurism if he ever found out. Except he and Regulus were "just friends" unless they were behind the privacy of their warded dorm.

 

The gestures got bigger.

 

"If your grades are above exceeds expectations, I can arrange an internship for you at the ministry over the summer," his father had said, coming into his room one night during his sixth-year easter break. 

 

Barty hadn't replied at first, too surprised at the fact that his father was talking to him, and he had looked around, wondering if he was going insane, until his father had cleared his throat impatiently.

 

"Bartemius, don't waste my time. Are you taking it or not?"

 

There was only one correct answer, hundreds of witches and wizards would kill for a direct entrance to the ministry like this.

 

But Barty had always loved his big gestures.

 

"You and the ministry can go fuck itself," he had scoffed, turning his back to his father.

 

"It was not a request, Bartemius. When you come home for summer, you will join me at the ministry, and you will have grades above exceeds expectations," he had said coldly.

 

Barty didn't turn up for any of his exams and didn't come home that summer. Instead, he turned 17, stole money from his father, used his mother's inheritance to rent a flat in Whitechapel, took the dark mark, and ensured his father would never want him to join the ministry again.

 

If he was never going to be enough for him as his son, if there was no way to change his mind, he would show him exactly how much of a disappointment he could be.

 

Dark Marks.

 

Death Eaters.

 

Sodomy.

 

Murder.

 

Torture.

 

Killing.

 

And the joy he got from it.

 

His father noticed him then; they were the big gestures that made him unmissable.

 

 

Evan's earliest memory is bittersweet.

 

He had been in tutoring learning his calligraphy with a quill, but even though he was 3 years old and his hands hadn't finished developing, he was using adult quills straight away, expected to have his writing perfect and presentable and befitting of a Rosier.

 

When, after the first lesson, it wasn't perfect, his tutor struck him with a ruler that caused the bones in his hand to break. He had cried, and when he'd gone to find his parents, he'd been in such a hurry that he'd tripped and fell and landed on it funny, ripping the tendons, and they'd had to go to St Mungo's to get a special regrowing tonic.

 

Despite the pain, despite the hurt, despite not knowing what was going on, he remembers finding the hospital fascinating; there were people everywhere, people who weren't just his parents and his tutors and his cousins, and there was stuff happening that he'd never seen before within the Rosier Estate.

 

The healer had given him a green and a yellow tonic, and when mixed together, it had turned purple.

 

"I'm going to be a healer one day," he had told his father proudly when he'd got home, his mind still stuck on the potions and the hospital.

 

"You say shit like that again, and I'll break your other hand," his father had replied. "When you grow up, you will be heir Rosier, and you will be a Death Eater and serve our lord."

 

"Oh, okay then," Evan had answered, unsure whether to be disappointed his career dream was over or excited to follow in his father's footsteps.

 

Then the memory dissolves, and new ones appear.

 

"Evan, get your elbows off the table. That's not how you'd eat dinner with the Dark Lord, is it?"

 

"Evan, you wouldn't wear robes in that state if you were meeting the Dark Lord, would you?"

 

"Evan, you wouldn't mumble like that if you were speaking with the Dark Lord, would you?"

 

His whole life was carried out in the undoubting pattern that he would be heir Rosier and a Death Eater, and why not? Muggles were a danger to them, and the Dark Lord was the most powerful wizard alive, so why wouldn't he want to use that to his advantage?

 

It was a constant growing up. As much as he knew his name was Evan Rosier, he knew that he would become a Death Eater when he was of age and serve the Dark Lord, but any deviance from this plan would have come from the one and only Regulus Black, the name he'd heard all his life.

 

"The Blacks are a respectable family name, Evan. This is what I mean when I explain the importance of making connections."

 

"You will be in Slytherin together, you must ensure you are acquainted."

 

"Your grades are important, Evan, but nothing is more important than the allegiance of Regulus Black for your safety and our family's future."

 

So Evan boarded the Hogwarts Express at 11 years old, desperate to make his parents happy and become Regulus Black's acquaintance and hopefully earn his respect, but it never happened. They were polite on the train when Narcissa Black introduced the pair of them, they smiled at each other when they both got sorted into Slytherin and by the end of the first week of being dormmates, they were friends.

 

Not acquaintances.

 

Not scared children trying to please their parents and feeling out of their depth.

 

Friends. 

 

He, Regulus Black and their other dormmates his parents had warned him about, Barty Crouch Junior.

 

His father was going for minister, he wanted to make dark magic illegal and fight for muggle rights and do the opposite of everything the Dark Lord was working towards, and Evan thought maybe he and Regulus could team up and scare him into acting like a worthy Slytherin pureblood if he started talking about the shit his father is trying to implement across the wizarding world.

 

Those plans turned out to be for nothing as despite the warnings about Barty to not let any secrets slip lest he shares them with his father, after a week of living with the pair of them, Evan thought he'd give up all his secrets if this is what it would lead to; not acquaintances, not people in the right places, but friends.

 

His best friends.

 

Even when Regulus and Barty were dating, not that they ever told him directly, there were always the three of them, and Evan couldn't see it ever being any different. 

 

Regulus became a Death Eater at 16, and while Evan couldn't become one until he was 17, there was never any doubt in his mind about taking the mark. The doubt was even lessened when Barty signed up too, and it was obvious what to do; where Barty went, Evan went, and where Evan went, Barty went, and so even though Regulus was always going to do his own thing, there was always going to be Evan and Barty too.

 

They were friends, best friends, and he knew that whatever happened, he'd follow them anywhere.

 

 

"Show me your arm again," Barty demands, staring at Regulus, who is lying beside him in the dorm. "I want to see it."

 

Regulus sighs in exasperation and drops his right arm on Barty's head, hard enough to hurt, and Barty slaps it off.

 

"Fucking prick, you know I meant the left one. Show me, show me," he begs, and Regulus laughs and turns his left arm over, forearm up, and Barty stares reverently at the Dark Mark.

 

"That'll be me in two weeks," he says breathlessly before a thought occurs to him and his face lights up. "We'll be matching, like wedding bands except with tattoos, and we're only dating."

 

"Don't say shit like –" Regulus hisses indignantly before he cuts himself off, staring a mixture of wide-eyed and annoyed at Barty. 

 

"Don't say what?" he asks sweetly.

 

"Fuck off," he mutters darkly, and Barty just grins and pecks him on the lips. 

 

Regulus shakes his head in annoyance, but his lips twitch, betraying his amusement, and Barty is hit with the strange thought that he may only have a year left of Regulus before they graduate and Regulus marries the wife he doesn't want and leaves Barty behind.

 

Barty has always known he and Regulus were a temporary arrangement, but he doesn't want it to stop; at least they have seventh year, though, to hopefully find a way around it.

 

 

Evan, Barty, Regulus and a few others, including Snape and Mulciber, are initiated on the first of June, and as Evan kneels at the Dark Lord's feet with his friends by his side, he knows he's exactly where he wants to be.

 

This is what he was raised to be. This is where he has always wanted to be.

 

"Young Mr Rosier," the Dark Lord croons at him. "You are here to follow in your father's footsteps."

 

There is a tittering of laughter from the current Death Eaters watching the initiation, and Evan can't quite tell if it's a question.

 

He answers anyways.

 

"Yes, my Lord."

 

"Very good, young Mr Rosier. I see your father has taught you well."

 

"Thank you, my Lord."

 

"Like your father, do you swear to surrender your life, honour and magic to me and to devote your life to the cause regardless of the cost?"

 

"I do so swear."

 

The Dark Lord smiles as though he's pleased, and a second later, Evan has his eyes squeezed shut, and his jaw clenched as the Dark Mark burns its way onto his skin.

 

He stays quiet even though he's shaking when it's finished, and the Dark Lord nods once in approval, then does the same to Barty.

 

Barty wasn't raised for this; he doesn't know all of the ways to address someone like the Dark Lord respectfully, like himself and Regulus, so Evan is glad he got to go first so Barty can mimic what he said.

 

"Mr Crouch, you are not one I expected to enter my ranks so willingly," the Dark Lord says.

 

"I am not my father, and I am sympathetic to your cause, My Lord," he replies, his voice unwavering, and Evan feels himself soften in relief that Barty is choosing now to be the time where he acts sensibly and with a filter.

 

"And if your father were to ask you to change your mind? Would you become sympathetic to his cause if asked?"

 

Naturally, Evan's relief is short-lived as Barty throws all sense of propriety out the window, looks the Dark Lord in the eye and says firmly, "my father can go fuck himself, my Lord."

 

Evan tenses, unwilling to watch his best friend be tortured; the older Death Eaters are laughing nervously, and Bellatrix looks like she wants to curse Barty herself, but to everyone's surprise, the Dark Lord laughs.

 

"Yes," he says amusedly, his finger under Barty's chin. "You'll be a valuable asset indeed, Mr Crouch."

 

 

Barty stares reverently at the Dark Mark on his arm and hopes it makes the front page of the Daily Prophet; Minister candidate's son becomes Death Eater.

 

Even better is if the news doesn't appear at all, which means that his father would have spent all night pulling strings to keep it a secret because there's no doubt that people will gossip.

 

He looks at Evan, who seems equally delighted to have the mark, then at Regulus, who has his mask too tightly for Barty to decipher any emotions. Still, he doesn't understand why he's wearing the mask he usually only ever wears when it comes to his brother.

 

He shrugs; it's not like Regulus will tell him if he asks, so he leaves it be.

 

The night progresses with a lot of torture, and the best part is when the Dark Lord orders Regulus to crucio Mulciber because Barty thinks it's the hottest thing he's ever seen.

 

Then, when it's time for them to pair off and have their own turn, he goes with Evan, who casts it on him before he can cast it first, and it hurts, but in a good way. Even though he screams when it's cast and his muscles are aching worse than ever, he laughs when it's over.

 

"My turn," he says, grinning before he casts the spell and laughs to the same melody of Evan's screams.

 

It's fun. Barty thinks they're the only ones enjoying themselves, besides Regulus who has been torturing everyone who ever annoyed him at Hogwarts in some Dark Lord approved revenge scheme and hasn't been on the receiving end of the cruciatus curse once.

 

Before long, though, they're out in Forres raiding houses and killing whoever they can see, and it's Barty, his boyfriend and Evan out terrorising the townspeople. 

 

All he can think is that this is precisely where he wants to be. He hopes nothing ever, ever changes.

 

 

After the initiation, there are still compulsory meetings and raids once a week, but they also have free reign to torture and kill anytime, which Barty and Evan take advantage of. Regulus comes initially and then goes into one of his moods and tells them to "fuck off and go kill someone before I do the same to you."

 

So Barty and Evan go raiding, and after a few days, they stop hearing from Regulus, which isn't unusual, but after a week and a half, Barty wonders if something is wrong. However, he can't just waltz into Grimmauld Place because that's not how the House of Black works, and he also can't go in and say I want to check on my boyfriend, because then both of their lives would be cut short.

 

He sends Regulus an owl instead and gets "fine" in response, but it seems rushed and vague and Barty wonders if something is happening.

 

"Do you think Regulus is being weird?" he asks Evan one day when he's staying over at his flat after another long night of raiding.

 

Evan just looks up, amused. "He's Regulus; he's always being a bit weird."

 

"Evan!" he cries out in frustration. "I'm being serious."

 

"I'm sure he's fine. It's not like he'll open up about anything if you ask, just wait for him to come to you."

 

Barty doesn't know why this time feels different, like Regulus is waiting for someone to ask, like Barty needs to ask.

 

But he trusts Evan.

 

And he trusts Regulus.

 

He'll be fine.

 

"Yeah, you're right," he says, and he stays in his flat with Evan and tells himself he's worrying over nothing.

 

Barty has never regretted much in his life, but he will always regret not following his instinct when 2 days later, the front page of the Daily Prophet reads Black Heir presumed missing.

 

 

Evan had read the newspaper and immediately apparated to Barty's flat, where he saw him sitting at the table, looking at the front page, eyes unseeing.

 

It made him terrified.

 

Not because of the dead look in his eyes or his fingers trembling slightly, but because Barty was staring at the paper, looking lost, and not saying anything.

 

Speechless.

 

Except Barty was always talking. And he always had something to say. And he wasn't like this. He was rarely quiet and never silent.

 

"Barty," he says carefully, walking towards him where he's sitting like a statue on the chair. "Barty," he repeats.

 

Barty isn't responding to sound, but when Evan puts his hand on his shoulder, Barty's head snaps around, sucking in a sharp breath, and Evan sees the way his eyes light up before he sees it's just Evan and his entire body wilts again.

 

Evan doesn't take it personally.

 

"Barty –"

 

"Let's get drunk," he says, jolting out of his stupor, throwing the newspaper to the side and grabbing a coat and shoes from his bedroom. "We're getting drunk –"

 

"It's not even 9am –"

 

"We're getting drunk," Barty repeats, leaving no room for refusal as he turns around and walks straight out the front door.

 

Evan sighs and braces for imminent disaster as he follows him.

 

 

They both get drunk. Evan is very tipsy, Barty can't even walk, and when Barty asks for another drink and gets declined by the bartender, he breaks down crying in a muggle bar, sobbing over his boyfriend, who he'll probably never see again.

 

"Alright, Barty, let's get you home," Evan sighs, unsure whether he should laugh at the scene he's causing or cry as well. Still, he wraps Barty's arm around his shoulders and drags him along the 400-metre walk home, dutifully stopping six times so he can throw up into the gutter.

 

"He's gone," Barty keeps repeating, his words slurring into one long broken sentence. "He's gone, he's gone, he's –"

 

"He's just missing," Evan says, the reassurance sounding weak to his own ears.

 

Barty just shakes his head miserably in response. "He's gone, Evan. He's gone, and he's never coming back."

 

 

The following day, Evan had woken to the sound of more vomiting and had found Barty in front of the toilet, almost delirious with the force of his hangover.

 

"Are you…?"

 

"Get me a hangover potion, and then we're going raiding."

 

"But –"

 

"Evan!"

 

Figuring it was best to indulge him right now, Evan had got the potion, and he and Barty had gone raiding.

 

This pattern of spending their summer holidays terrorising muggles and going on whatever raids the Dark Lord demanded of them continued until another newspaper was published in August 1977.

 

Black Heir presumed dead.

 

Barty was never the same after that.

 

 

Regulus had never really cared, with the exception of his family, what other people thought of him.

 

Since most people he surrounded himself with were Slytherins, only a handful were reckless enough to complain to his face, but Regulus never had any problem cursing them or telling them to fuck off.

 

More importantly, Regulus never really cared what people said about other people and was inclined to make these decisions on his own, even if they were usually cynical, and the reasons he chose to dislike nearly everyone didn't make a lot of sense.

 

Barty was one of those people Regulus chose to like.

 

Not at first, obviously, Regulus doesn't like anyone at first, but by the end of the first week of first year, they were tentative friends. Four years later, they were tentative boyfriends. Six years later, Regulus was dead, and there was nothing tentative about it.

 

There is a memorial five days after the announcement even though there's no body to bury, and it's a small ceremony, one Barty isn't invited to, but he goes anyway out of respect to Regulus.

 

Six minutes into the ceremony, Regulus' mother gets up to speak about how she misses her darling boy, and Barty walks straight out, uncaring of how disrespectful he's being. Barty's father was neglectful at worst; Regulus' mother wasn't even neglectful at best.

 

He doesn't want to listen to any shit like that and wants to scream the truth, but he also doesn't want to go to hell one day and be stuck with a furious Regulus because he outed him to the entire stuck-up pureblood wizarding community. So when he realises he can't take this anymore, he stands up and walks out in the middle of the speech, uncaring about any commotion he's causing, and he hears Evan hissing apologies and following him.

 

"What the fuck was that, Barty? Do you know the lecture I'm going to get from my father when he hears I left the funeral of Regulus Black prematurely –"

 

"Do you know the lecture Regulus is going to get from his father?" he hisses back. "Oh wait, he isn't going to get one because he's fucking dead –" and he storms away, annoyed at Regulus for dying and annoyed at Evan for lecturing him on his incorrect grieving, and he's in the mood for a fight and –

 

"Fuck, Barty, wait –" Evan sighs, grabbing his arm to stop him, but Barty takes it as an invitation and punches him in the face.

 

Evan is too stunned to stop the next two follow-ups, but on the third, he catches Barty's fist and holds it.

 

"What the fuck is wrong with you, Barty? You're going to put me in a grave if you keep hitting me like that –"

 

"You can fucking take it. Fight back!"

 

"You're grieving."

 

"I can multitask."

 

"It's not a healthy coping –"

 

"Stop being a coward –" 

 

Barty comes to, lying on the grass with blurry vision, a ringing in his ears and a throbbing pain in his skull.

 

He looks up to see Evan shaking out his already bruising knuckles and –

 

"Did you knock me out?" he asks incredulously, trying to look at his temple and see if it's swollen, but instead, a flash of pain bursts across his skull every time he tries.

 

Evan rolls his eyes as he reaches down and helps him up again.

 

"Don't try to play the concussion card; you know exactly what I did."

 

"You're so fucking annoying –"

 

"And unrepentant."

 

Barty's temper is too unpredictable for petty fighting like this, but he's also too proud to back down from a fight. "I need to murder someone, and if you don't shut up, it'll be you," he warns.

 

Evan just gives him an unimpressed look as if to say I dare you to try before a slightly uncomfortable expression crosses his face. "You don't want to talk?" he begins hesitantly. "Or cry or whatever? About Reg –"

 

"Yeah, no, definitely rather go raiding," Barty replies immediately, and Evan visibly deflates in relief.

 

"Thank fuck for that."

 

 

On the two-month anniversary of Regulus' confirmed missing and presumed dead announcement, there's coincidentally a Death Eater meeting, but Barty just wants to get drunk or go raiding. He doesn't want to listen to the Dark Lord for 5 hours, and he wonders if it's because he's a half-blood that he doesn't have whatever pureblood gene Evan has to sit still and look engaged, despite his own thoughts on the matter.

 

When the raids have gone on for long enough and the Order have arrived, he still has too much energy to just go home and sleep, so he ignores Evan and walks straight to Rabastan Lestrange who has earned himself a reputation for being a slut amongst the Death Eaters, and asks Barty at least once a week if he wants to shag, the curses and hexes he always sends in response never seeming to deter him.

 

His face shows amusement as he sees him coming over, and he holds out a portkey that's already glowing.

 

"Pretty boy," Rabastan smirks as he comes closer.

 

"Smug git," Barty hisses as he touches the portkey, and then they're whisked away to what is assumably Rabastan's bedroom, not that Barty has time to look around before Rabastan is pushing him onto the mattress and Barty is wrapping his arms around him and doing his best to forget Regulus.

 

The sex is fine, the fact that it's not with Regulus automatically makes it shit, but they still go for 3 rounds before he's finally satiated.

 

"See you next time," Rabastan grins up at him, blissed out and still entirely naked on top of the duvet covers.

 

"Not fucking likely," Barty shoots back annoyedly as he pulls his shirt over his head and buttons up his jeans.

 

Unsurprisingly, he visits many Death Eaters many times, always telling them how shit the sex is and always coming back for more.

 

 

When the first of September comes around to signal the start of seventh year, Evan doesn't want to go, and one look at Barty tells him he's feeling the same.

 

They glance at each other, get on the Hogwarts Express and then sit in their compartment that is far too big for two people; it's always them on one side, Regulus on the other, but now they're spending the ride sitting in silence and staring at an empty seat.

 

"I don't think I'll make it through the year," Barty says out of nowhere, which causes Evan to snap his head around and look at him in confusion. God, he doesn't think he'll die, too, does he?

 

Besides his parents, Barty's all he has left; there's Pandora, of course, and some of the Slytherins in the year below him aren't terrible, but they're not Barty or Regulus.

 

"If I hate it, I'll drop out and be a full-time Death Eater. I'm smart enough without NEWTs, and the Dark Lord couldn't give a shit either way. Plus, my father would hate it," Barty explains.

 

Evan doesn't know how he's supposed to get through Hogwarts this year either, especially if Barty leaves too.

 

"If you go, I go," he tells him. "Wherever you go, I'll follow you anywhere."

 

Barty grins up at him, pleased, and holds out his hand to shake.

 

"Me and you." 

 

An invitation.

 

Evan closes the handshake.

 

"Me and you," 

 

A promise.

 

 

Barty walks into the dorm without Regulus and sees the third bed, still there, with no bedcovers.

 

He almost walks straight out at that but tells himself it would have been worse if they'd removed it entirely.

 

"I'm not lasting the year, calling it now," he says seriously, and Evan grimaces, the same uncomfortable feeling at the lack of Regulus shared between them.

 

"One month," Evan says. "One month, and we'll decide from there."

 

Barty hates the idea, but he's hating everything right now, so he nods and figures all that's left to do is go to bed.

 

Alone.

 

He hates that idea too; he's slept alone heaps of times, but rarely at Hogwarts, Regulus was always here, and it doesn't feel right to sleep in his bed without him.

 

And he's not going to sleep in Regulus', without its silk sheets and Egyptian cotton blankets and Regulus; it'd feel too much like lying in a coffin.

 

After an hour of lying with eyes wide open, he walks over to Evan's bed and gets under the covers before he can change his mind.

 

"What are you doing?" Evan murmurs, his voice heavy with sleep, and Barty has to take a moment before he can respond.

 

"It's just for tonight," he whispers.

 

Evan shrugs and rolls over, and Barty does the same so there's no chance of touching, and he doesn't know why he sleeps the best he has since Regulus' disappearance was first published.

 

 

They go to class, and Barty hexes fourteen people who comment about Regulus, and when Slughorn tries to take points off him for doing so, Barty hexes him too.

 

Slughorn seems too scared to give him detention and settles for ignoring him instead.

 

He and Barty follow that routine every day; go to class, hex people, have meals, hex more people, hate everything about Hogwarts, do their homework if they can be bothered and then sleep in Evan's bed.

 

They don't do anything, they just sleep, and while Evan is more or less indifferent, Barty seems to like it? Or appreciate it? They never talked much about his and Regulus' relationship, even when Regulus was alive, purely because Regulus denied it was anything, and Evan wasn't stupid enough to mention it outside the dorms.

 

He assumes this bed sharing is something Regulus-related, but Barty doesn't bring anything up if he wants to talk about it, so they keep sharing his bed, and Evan slowly finds himself getting used to it.

 

 

3 weeks into the term, they're in transfiguration together, turning rabbits into gloves, when Barty drops his wand on the table and looks at Evan, feeling like he's having a life-altering crisis.

 

"What the fuck are we doing with our lives?"

 

Evan stares back, unimpressed. "Transfiguration, now shut up, my glove only has 4 fingers and –"

 

"No, but when will you ever need to make gloves, Evan? You're a Rosier; you'll just buy them –"

 

And then Barty trails off as he has the utterly horrifying thought that this is exactly where his father wants him to be.

 

He's doing exactly what his father wants.

 

This is where everyone wants him to be; learning useless magic at a useless school for a useless ministry career, and he can't bear the thought of doing this for another 8 months.  

 

No fucking way.

 

It's not happening.

 

It can't happen.

 

He won't let it.

 

"I can't do this anymore," he announces, before walking out of the room without being dismissed, ignoring Professor McGonagall's voice ordering him to sit down.

 

He walks straight to the dorm and starts packing his clothes, uncaring as to what anyone tries to do or say; he's 17, so they can't stop him from leaving. Before he can truly get started, though, the door swings open, and he's bracing himself for a lecture or detention when Evan walks into the room and starts shoving clothes into his trunk.

 

"What are you doing?" Barty asks, narrowing his eyes and wondering if he's been mocked.

 

Evan looks like he doesn't understand the question. "You hit your limit, didn't you? You're leaving Hogwarts?"

 

"Yes…"

 

Evan just kneels down by his own trunk, shrugs easily and says, "like I told you, I'd follow you anywhere."

 

He turns away to return to packing, and Barty thinks for the first time since Regulus died that things might work out after all.

 

 

They both walk straight out the castle's front gates and apparate to Barty's flat because Barty refuses to go see his father, and Evan is putting off telling his own parents that he's dropped out. He honestly doesn't think they'll mind too much since he'll be able to put more time into serving the Dark Lord, but they won't be pleased when they hear his reasoning for dropping out.

 

"Because Barty did" won't be considered a valid excuse, even if it's the truth.

 

It's easy, though, and a huge improvement from Hogwarts, living with Barty; he'd done it on and off over summer, especially after everything with Regulus, and they naturally create a new routine for themselves; wake up late, have lunch, learn dark magic to pass the time, have dinner, go raiding, go to sleep.

 

It's a blissful life, and while it's a blissful life together, they're not always on the same page.

 

The first night after they'd left Hogwarts, Evan had gone to put his trunk in the second bedroom he'd slept in when he'd stayed over during summer, and Barty had looked at him strangely.

 

"What are you doing?" 

 

"Putting my trunk away…?" Evan replied in confusion, and Barty mirrored his facial expressions.

 

"We won't keep sharing?"

 

"Why would we?"

 

Barty hadn't seemed to find an answer to that, and after a slightly awkward pause, Evan shrugged and went back into the second bedroom to properly unpack his stuff.

 

Barty went back to his own room too, and that night while Evan was lying in bed, he couldn't figure out why he almost missed Barty's presence next to him.

 

 

Barty settles into his new life of no school and unlimited freedom to torture and kill and disappoint his father, but there are some days when he can't get Regulus off his mind.

 

Did he suffer?

 

What really happened to him?

 

And the thought that haunts him the most. What if I could have done something to save him?

 

Evan helps, even though Barty never directly asks him for anything; his presence and the fact that they have each other does more than emotional conversations ever could.

 

But someone's presence can't solve all your problems, and sometimes the combination of the grief of Regulus and the guilt that he died in the first place leaves an ache in Barty's chest that Evan and raiding can't fill.

 

So, he turns to alcohol and sex.

 

For all that Death Eaters love blood purity, no one seems to care about being queer or fucking half-bloods, and Barty has a list of 7 Death Eaters who let him come and go when he pleases.

 

Tonight, after chugging a quarter of a bottle of firewhiskey and before it can all settle into his bloodstream, he apparates to Hamish Summers, the older brother of the annoying prick in the year above him, who takes one look at him, rolls his eyes and starts getting undressed.

 

Barty can feel the alcohol starting to warm his skin, and the feeling is only enhanced as Hamish goes down on him, leaving him floating in a drunken afterglow when it's all over.

 

Hamish gives him another glass of firewhiskey, sitting next to him against the headboard, and Barty drinks half of it in one swallow.

 

"Who broke your heart, Crouch?" he asks amusedly.

 

Barty tries to curse him, but he's seeing double, and his aim is off, so he misses by a metre. "Fuck off, Hamish."

 

"You can't apparate like this," Hamish replies, shaking his head. "You can stay the night if you need to, though," and inexplicably, this makes Barty regain a bit more consciousness from where he'd been falling asleep.

 

"I'm not sleeping in your fucking bed. That's… gay!" 

 

"What the fuck? What are you going to do anyway? You can't even walk –"

 

"Call Evan," Barty hears himself say before he can stop it because that's a good idea. If Barty calls, Evan will come; he somehow knows this intrinsically the same way he knows himself.

 

"What, Evan Rosier? Is he the one who broke your heart? Is that a good idea –"

 

"Wasn't Evan. We're just flatmates, best friends," he replies in broken, slurred sentences. 

 

Hamish looks unconvinced.

 

"How am I going to call him? I'm a pureblood –"

 

"Patronus."

 

"Can't cast it."

 

"Owl."

 

"That'll take twenty minutes."

 

"I can get through another glass in that time."

 

"Crouch…"

 

"I'll curse you."

 

Hamish spreads his arms as if to say I'd like to see you try, but he sends his owl away and pours Barty another glass that he sips at with his eyes closed until he hears the floo chime, then footsteps, then murmured voices.

 

Then the bedroom door opening.

 

Barty doesn't take any notice, too lost in a pleasant swirling haze where his head is too empty to care about anything.

 

Or, he is until he feels a sharp slap on his face and then opens his eyes to see Evan in front of him, looking like he'd like to murder him for waking him at 4am to pick him up.

 

"Why are you here?" he asks in surprise.

 

"Fuck's sake, Barty," Evan mutters. Then he has vague memories of being pulled upright, throwing up in front of the toilet, and then he's waking up with a hangover splitting his brain in two and a bucket next to his bed.

 

Evan throws a pain potion at him ten minutes later and tells him it's the last time he's getting pecked awake by a bird at 4am because he's gone for another grief shag, but no matter how many times Barty does it and no matter how many times Evan says this is the last time, Evan comes every time he calls.

 

 

Some days, Regulus' death seemed to hit Barty harder than others, and when it happened, Evan comforted Barty the best he could.

 

He hugged him when he wanted to cry, fought back when Barty just wanted to punch away his frustrations and came to pick him up from his "grief shags” when he was too drunk from trying to numb the pain to tell his left from right, let alone apparate safely.

 

It was fine, it truly was fine, and Evan was happy to do it until somewhere along the shared breakfasts and sleepless nights spent raiding together, being best friends turned into something more.

 

To him.

 

It started with lingering stares when Barty walked through the house with just a towel around his waist and going on more raids as a pair because he never thought Barty looked more alive than when he was grinning up at a building he'd just set alight, looking like the devil incarnate.

 

Evan denied these feelings as a symptom of being best friends because he'd never properly crushed on anyone before, and he didn't know why out of everyone his mind would choose to like, it'd be Barty.

 

Then the times he had to pick up Barty from wherever he'd been when he was drunk and horny progressively got worse because he'd walk in the room that smelt like stale sex, and he'd see Barty lying on someone else's bed and jealousy and possessiveness would rear up in his stomach.

 

He never said anything, never complained, and if he was sharper and more hostile and lashing out at Barty for a few days after each time it happened, he assumes Barty just figured he was annoyed at being woken in the night and not because he's a jealous wreck who doesn't know how to express himself.

 

But despite everything, there was never any world where he wouldn't have come even if he wanted to break the necks of everyone who got to have Barty when he didn't, and over time, it became part of their routine too. Most weeks, Evan would somehow be contacted to bring a drunk Barty home, but gradually, it progressed to every two weeks, then once a month. Even though he was still shagging people all the time, the lack of alcohol involved meant Evan knew Barty was working through his grief and getting better.

 

 

Almost a year after Regulus' death, when Evan's crush has done nothing but grow, and Barty hasn't shown even the smallest form of reciprocation, Evan is woken, not from the sound of an owl or the blaring light of a patronus, but from a loud thump in the living room, what sounds like breaking glass and then a sharp gasp of pain.

 

He doesn't know what he's expecting to see, he doesn't think he or Barty are really targets for burglars, but when he goes into the living room and turns on the light, all he sees is Barty groaning and staring at his leg which –

 

Is missing half the flesh?

 

Evan is suddenly much more awake.

 

"Barty, what have you.. have you been fucking drinking? Have you splinched yourself?" he hisses furiously, ignoring the fear that it could have been his head or his heart that got left behind, and he could've already died.

 

"I knew you'd be mad at me. You're always mad at me," Barty mutters sullenly, and Evan pauses briefly to process that statement.

 

He wasn't aware he'd blurred the line between love and anger.

 

Barty isn't going to bleed out, though; he's just in pain, so Evan ignores the love part and focuses on the anger instead, glaring mutinously at him even as he accios a sobering potion which works instantly.

 

"Ah fuck, you're going to be mad at me," Barty sighs after blinking a few times to gain his bearings, and Evan ignores him and just hands him a pain potion instead.

 

There's not much he can do about his leg, so he just pours dittany over the wound and casts furnula to wrap it in bandages so it can heal overnight, and when Barty has stopped hissing in pain and is leaning against the sofa, Evan sighs and finally looks at him.

 

"You're mad at me," Barty says a third time, like a fact, and Evan focuses on the anger and not the stupid hurt that Barty didn't trust him enough to call him or the stupid fear that Barty could have died because of it.

 

"Because you apparated home while drunk," he replies incredulously. If he had done the same, Barty would've murdered him before he had the time to figure out what had been splinched.

 

"Because you're mad at me."

 

"I wasn't mad at you until you apparated drunk!"

 

"You're always mad at me, though."

 

"I'm not."

 

"You are now."

 

"Make your fucking point, Barty!" he shouts, breathing heavily before he swallows and says, "why the fuck didn't you get someone to call me?" A slight pause, then a quieter, almost unsure, "I always come."

 

Does Barty not want Evan to know who he's sleeping with? Are they keeping secrets now? Is it –

 

Barty looks annoyed to be having this conversation and far too tired, but Evan raises an eyebrow impatiently.

 

Barty drops his head back on the sofa and glares at the ceiling. "You're always mad when you pick me up after I've been out, so I figured this was easier," he explains annoyedly.

 

"You're so fucking stupid," Evan hisses, figuring it's best to leave before he does anything stupid or lets his own secrets out, and he's already through the door and down the hallway when he hears Barty's voice.

 

"Evan, fuck, I can't get up on my own. Can you just –"

 

Evan throws the whiskey tumbler on the side table at the wall, repairs it, repeats the action until he's calmed down enough, and then puts the new tumbler back on the shelf.

 

"Fine," he says sharply.

 

"Done with your little tantrum –"

 

"Don't you fucking start –" 

 

He yanks Barty off the ground far more forcefully than necessary, ignoring his gasp of pain and dragging him towards his room, hating the effect touching Barty has on him, grateful he gets to feel it at all. 

 

When he gets Barty to his room, though, he digs his heels into the ground as they come to his door.

 

"Let me stay with you tonight," Barty pleads. "Let's have a sleepover, like we used to –"

 

"I thought you'd already had a nice sleepover tonight," Evan shoots back waspishly.

 

"I didn't because I came back here –"

 

"Drunk!"

 

"What's the fucking problem, Evan? I got drunk. I apparated. I splinched myself. You patched me up –"

 

If Evan hears one more word out of Barty's mouth, he will either punch or kiss him, and he doesn't know which would be worse.

 

"Sleep in your own fucking bed –" he hisses, opening the door and forcing Barty onto his bed, and he goes to turn away and go to his own room when Barty grabs his arm.

 

"Stay," he pleads.

 

"It's the blood loss talking; you don't mean it –"

 

"Why wouldn't I mean it?" he replies confusedly, and when he undoubtedly sees Evan warring with himself, he adds, "what if something happens and I bleed out in the middle of the night –"

 

"Manipulative little fucker," Evan scowls, ignoring Barty's pleased smile as he gets into the bed and scowling even harder at the way he automatically relaxes.

 

"If I got drunk again, you'd come to get me if I needed you?" Barty asks on the cusp of unconsciousness, which makes Evan breathes out sharply, hating he has to ask, hating he didn't intrinsically know the answer and hating what the answer is.

 

It takes him a long time to say it out loud, by which time Barty is already asleep and breathing softly.

 

"I told you I'd follow you anywhere," Evan whispers into the night, the words no less sincere than the last time but now holding an entirely new meaning.

 

There's no reply.

 

 

It's fun living with Evan. It's literally just two friends living life together with no strings attached.

 

Barty's money, or the money he stole from his father, ran out far too quickly, and when he had asked Evan one day if he'd be able to split costs with him while he looked for a job, Evan had said he'd sort it. The next day there was a letter from his landlord stating that the next 10 years of his rent had been paid in advance.

 

They make fun of everyone still at school and wake up at midday with no repercussions, and it's all made better by the fact that he's doing it all with his best friend.

 

Evan still gets annoyed whenever he has to pick Barty up, but he's never as annoyed as the time he splinched himself, so he figures it's just Evan being Evan and lets it go. Whenever he brings it up, Evan only gets more annoyed, and sometimes Barty does it on purpose when he's in the mood for a fight, the suspense of not knowing whether he'll get a curse or a fist swinging towards his face only adding to the thrill of it all.

 

Evan seems to regret his existence whenever it happens.

 

Barty lives for it.

 

 

The best thing about living with Barty is that they're always together, and it makes his entire being happy. The worst thing about living with Barty is that they're always together, which does nothing to dampen his crush. 

 

An unrequited crush was unwanted but manageable, and he figured he could ride it out and wait for it to pass and then find a girl to please his parents; a simple problem with a simple solution.

 

But then there was that fucking kiss.

 

They had been on the sofa sharing firewhiskey after a long raid where they'd both broken their personal records for houses destroyed in a 30-minute period, and they'd figured it deserved to be celebrated.

 

Evan was drunk, Barty was tipsy, and they'd moved onto the typical teenage boy conversation before he could change it.

 

"Who's the best shag you've ever had?" Barty asks, finishing his glass and pouring another, and Evan feels oddly immature as he says lightly, "I've never shagged anyone."

 

Barty's mouth drops open in genuine shock. "Never? Not even at Hogwarts? Not even afterwards? I've gone through at least 40 people. Who are you into? Is there anyone you have in mind?" 

 

Evan still hasn't found a label for himself and decides to go for a very ambiguous answer to prevent suspicion.

 

"I don't know who I like," is all he says, but Barty seems to make his own interpretation from this as his face lights up in understanding.

 

"So you're jealous," he replies, nodding decisively, and Evan's heart drops. 

 

How the fuck does he know.

 

He doesn't know, does he?

 

Well, he clearly knows something –

 

"I see your face; I know I'm right," Barty sings, looking delighted, and Evan figures the game is up, but it's best to stall for as long as possible.

 

"What do you know then?" he asks dully, hoping he doesn't need to move out, hoping this isn't going to ruin this friendship, hoping –

 

"You're jealous that I'm shagging people, and you're not," Barty announces triumphantly. "You're embarrassed that you're a virgin, and every time you pick me up from someone's bed, you wish it was you instead."

 

Evan's panic disappears in a heartbeat as he looks at him disbelievingly and wonders what it says about himself to have Barty as his type. "How the fuck is that the conclusion you came to?"

 

Barty looks unimpressed. "You can't lie to me. I see it in your eyes, Evan. You're jealous –"

 

"Not because of that!"

 

"Then what?"

 

Like he's going to fucking answer that.

 

"I'll find out one day," Barty promises and Evan ignores him again.

 

They sit in silence for a bit longer until Barty breaks it.

 

"Have you kissed someone before?"

 

"Yes!"

 

"Someone who wasn't Jemima Flint in fourth year spin the bottle?"

 

Evan frowns and says nothing, hating the pointed silence. Barty looks at Evan like he can't believe he's real, and it makes him feel vulnerable and on display in a way he rarely does.

 

"Your lips barely even touched, you can't call that a kiss! You have to find someone because you're missing out –"

 

"You fucking kiss me then if you're so worried," he hisses before he can stop himself, and then he's staring wide-eyed at Barty, wondering if this is the best or worst idea he's ever had.

 

He'd just meant to shut him up; he hadn't meant to say that. He hadn't meant it at all –

 

"Okay," Barty says simply, shrugging his shoulders.

 

"What?"

 

"Okay, I'll kiss you."

 

"No!" 

 

"You asked!" 

 

Evan glares at him, already feeling his resolve weakening. He thinks it over. Thinks about how if it were going to be anyone, he'd want it to be him.

 

He'll blame it on the alcohol when he wakes up in a pool of regret.

 

"Fine," he bites out, unable to believe he's agreeing to this.

 

"Fine, what?"

 

"Fine, I'll kiss you."

 

"Do it then," Barty replies, seemingly unbothered by the entire situation, and Evan glares at him yet again.

 

"Give me a fucking second."

 

"… It's been 10 –"

 

"Shut the fuck up!"

 

Evan doesn't know why he's agreed to this. He's scared of what this will lead to. It's too good of an opportunity to pass up.

 

Blame it on the alcohol, he reminds himself.

 

He shifts closer on the couch until he's sitting next to Barty, who is being oddly patient.

 

"You want to straddle my lap?"

 

"Fuck off!"

 

"Pretend I'm a girl if you want," Barty says exasperatedly, rolling his eyes at his antics. "A tongue is a tongue –" and Evan leans forward and cuts him off with a kiss.

 

He's frozen at first, too shocked at the fact that he's actually done it and stupidly, naïvely, unsure of what he's supposed to do with his hands and tongue, and should he open his eyes or leave them closed? But then he thinks Barty sighs into his mouth and brings his hands to go around his neck and leads the kiss and swipes his tongue over his lips to make him open them and –

 

Oh.

 

Oh.

 

This is what he's been missing out on.

 

Barty tastes like firewhiskey, and sitting here, feeling him and tasting him for the first time feels best comparable to a sunrise.

 

He figures if this is the only chance he'll ever get, he has to make the most of it, so after an indeterminable time, he looks up, feeling oddly lost as Barty pulls away, looking at him fondly.

 

"You're drunk, Evan," he says, pushing him away again when he leans in for more.

 

"It was a good kiss, though," he replies mournfully, missing it already, replaying it in his mind, but Barty just laughs, promising another tomorrow if he still wants it sober. Then he moves him off his lap, and in a complete role reversal, Barty helps Evan to his bed since he's too drunk to manage it on his own.

 

He's feeling drunk and sad and melancholic, and he knows it's not a good idea to ask for another kiss, but it doesn't stop him from grabbing Barty's wrist as he turns to go.

 

"You can stay if you want?" he asks, hoping he says yes. Hoping, hoping, hoping –

 

"Evan, you're drunk."

 

"Just to sleep," he promises, tugging on his wrist like a little kid. "Just to sleep, I promise."

 

"You'll be annoyed at me when you wake up if I do," Barty says warningly, but Evan is too drunk and too warm and too happy at the possibility to care right now.

 

"I thought I always was," he grins, and Barty huffs a laugh but gets into bed with him, and since Evan isn't sober enough to know exactly where he is, he breaks their rules of staying on the edges of the bed and not looking at each other as he rolls to face Barty.

 

"Thanks," he says, probably a bit inadequately, but unable to focus on words when his brain is too full of firewhiskey. "For, you know."

 

His eyelids are drooping, and sleep is pulling him under, but he still hears Barty's amused but sincere reply before it takes him entirely.

 

"What are best friends for?"

 

 

Barty doesn't know why Evan is the best he's ever had, and they didn't even have sex.

 

Everyone he usually goes to just wants to get off, and it's more convenient to have someone help you, so it's always rushed and forceful. Half the time, Barty is too drunk to know if it was good or not.

 

But Evan.

 

He didn't have a fucking clue what he was doing, and Barty had to literally show him to put his arms around his neck, and it took him twenty seconds to actually relax and kiss him back, but when he had.

 

It was sweet.

 

If any of his usual shags had kissed him like that, he would have left and never returned, but it was different with Evan.

 

And then he'd figured out what he was doing and fuck. He hadn't wanted it to stop, and he was sucking his bottom lip between his own, and Barty hadn't even thought of taking his clothes off.

 

It was enough like this; pure, simple kissing, and he thinks it's not the fact that it was kissing but the fact it came from Evan.

 

He's finding that a lot of things are different with Evan.

 

But Evan hadn't stopped, and Barty hadn't wanted to, but he had enough of a mind to know Evan wouldn't have done it sober, so he'd pushed him away, and for a moment, he'd sworn Evan had looked crestfallen.

 

And then he'd taken Evan to bed, and for the first time, Evan had asked him to stay.

 

It's always been Barty not wanting to sleep alone at Hogwarts, always Barty, who is drunk, injured, or lonely, but never Evan.

 

He wonders what the kiss changed.

 

The following day, he doesn't find out exactly what changed, but he knows something did because Evan won't look him in the eye.

 

"Are you mad at me again?" he asks amusedly, unwilling to put much emotion into it when it's his constant state of being, but Evan actually looks surprised at the question.

 

"No, not mad," he says before he looks at Barty hesitantly. "I remember the kiss."

 

Barty just looks at him, uncomprehending. "Well yeah, neither of us were drunk enough to forget it; we both knew what we were doing." 

 

Evan frowns.

 

Barty doesn't understand why.

 

"Well, fine," Evan replies. "But it won't happen again."

 

What. A. Shame.

 

"Okay," he says easily. "If you wanted to, though, I wouldn't mind," and he turns back to his cereal when after a minute, Evan speaks again.

 

"Okay," he says quietly, like a breath of air, and Barty's head snaps up to him in surprise and excitement.

 

"What?"

 

"Okay," Evan repeats, looking disappointed in himself before sighing in defeat. "We can do it again."

 

Barty doesn't hesitate.

 

Evan doesn't either.

 

 

Evan loves almost everything about this new arrangement, the main one being that he can now do what he wants with Barty whenever he likes. Another thing he likes is that it's not always him who starts it, but sometimes it's Barty.

 

Those times always give him hope for a future of something more because while kissing Barty is great, the problem is how it ends every single time.

 

"You're my best friend, Evan."

 

"This is what best friends are for."

 

"Best friend."

 

"Best friend."

 

"Best friend."

 

It's disappointing, sure, but it's manageable. Does he wish it was his boyfriend instead? Yes, but if this is all he can get of Barty, then it's enough. 

 

He takes it like a drug.

 

He's freefalling into the addiction.

 

And it keeps going until, after almost 3 months, he realises that he hasn't picked up Barty from anyone else's house recently.

 

And he hasn't seen Barty go out without him for long enough to be shagging someone.

 

And Evan starts to wonder if their friendship is changing towards something closer to what he wants them to be.

 

He goes to sleep with his lips curled up at the corners, and the following morning, he finds a girl in the kitchen wearing Barty's jumper.

 

 

Barty wakes to his door slamming open and wonders what's going on.

 

"Saskia?" he asks confusedly, still trying to wake up and figure out what's going on.

 

"Guess again," a hard voice says, and Barty flops his head back onto the pillow from where he'd been sitting up.

 

"Fuck, Evan, what do you want? I'm busy here –"

 

"Why is there a girl in the kitchen?"

 

"You mean Saskia?"

 

Evan looks more furious than Barty has ever seen him. It's a good look. "Is she a witch?"

 

"Saskia? Yeah, I met her at the Three Broomsticks –"

 

Evan casts a silencing spell around himself and Barty and then loses his shit.

 

"Why the fuck have you brought her here?"

 

"It's our house!"

 

"Yeah, our house Evan, so that means I can bring who I like –"

 

"You didn't even ask me –"

 

"Why would I do that?"

 

"Because you never bring people over, and now there's a fucking girl in the kitchen –"

 

Barty still hasn't woken up properly, and this conversation only makes him more confused. "I've brought people over heaps of times; they just don't usually stay the night or are gone when you get up."

 

"How often?" Evan bites out.

 

"What?"

 

"How often are there people in our house that you fuck without telling me –"

 

"I don't know, once a week? It depends –"

 

"Once a week?!"

 

"We use a silencing spell. Stop being a prude –"

 

"I don't want you fucking people in my house!"

 

"Why not? I do it all the time, and you've never cared before –"

 

"What?" Evan says flatly, his anger suddenly gone, so there's no emotion on his face.

 

Barty knows he's missing something here but doesn't know what it is.

 

"What do you mean, what?" 

 

"How often is all the time?" 

 

"It changes, but it's been 6 so far this month if that's what you wanted to know?"

 

Evan grabs the book on the desk and throws it at his head.

 

"Fuck you, Barty."

 

"Alright."

 

"Not like that, you lying fucking snake –"

 

Barty thinks they're having two different conversations, and he's not awake enough. He also really can't be bothered arguing right now when he could be having sex instead.

 

"Fuck, it's too early for you like this, Evan. You're not my father, you don't get to try and control my life, and if you don't want to live in a house where I fuck who I like, then leave," he huffs out, rolling over and closing his eyes and trying to get back to sleep when the crack of disapparation sounds out, making him shoot upright, instantly awake.

 

The silencing spell falls with Evan's disappearance, and Saskia rushes into the room to ensure he's alright.

 

"Are you okay? Who was he? What was he saying?"

 

"I'm fine; he's just my flatmate," he replies, but the words feel wrong somehow. It's probably because Evan's gone, so maybe they're not even flatmates anymore.

 

Saskia seemed nice last night, but now she's just fussing over him and giggling and hovering and Barty is just staring dully at the ceiling, thinking of Evan and –

 

"Should we…?" Saskia begins suggestively, pulling off his shirt, but Barty doesn't even want to look at her right now.

 

"You should go," he says flatly. "I'm not in the mood anymore."

 

 

Evan hasn’t been home in months, ignoring every letter from his mother and every whisper from his father before Death Eater meetings, so when he lands in the foyer of Rosier Manor, he tries to ignore them and walks straight towards his room.

 

“Evan! What a nice surprise –" his mother begins.

 

“Not right now,” he hisses, walking straight past her without a second thought.

 

“Evan!” his father shouts in reprimand. “You would not cut the Dark Lord off if he was speaking to you –“

 

“In this mood, I fucking would,” he yells, ignoring his mother’s scandalised gasp and his father's shout of “Evan Felix Rosier!” as he stalks to his room and slams the door.

 

His room is exactly the same as he left it, although the rubbish bin is empty, and all his laundry has been washed and folded, meaning Missy, their house elf, must have been in and sorted it out for him. He flops onto his perfectly made bed, stares at the ceiling, and just sulks; there’s no other word for it.

 

Because, fuck. 

 

He thought they’d been exclusive. Not dating, not with any labels, maybe still just friends, but still exclusive.

 

Even though the labels were obviously different, even though they meant different things to each other, he’d thought for the past 3 months that Barty was his and, more importantly, that he was Barty’s.

 

How tragically delusional.

 

How many people did he bring back? Did he know any of them? How many times did Evan lie in his bed, daydreaming about Barty and their latest kiss while he fucked someone on the other side of the wall?

 

Well, he’s not going to give him a second thought anymore.

 

Evan hates Barty Crouch Junior. Evan hates the way he makes him feel and the way he still misses him and the way he’s got him sulking like a first-year who just got detention.

 

He hates that Barty’s a liar.

 

He hates that Barty’s probably fucking someone right now.

 

He hates that Barty never asked him for sex, and hates that he wasn’t ready, and hates that if he were to ever do it with someone, he’d want it to be Barty, but he’s lost the chance now.

 

Most of all, though, Evan hates himself. He hates the fact that he still wants Barty, even after this.

 

He hates that out of everybody in the world, Barty Crouch Junior is the one he chose to fall in love with.

 

 

Things get worse when he ignores Missy’s summons to bring him to dinner even though he knows exactly what it’ll lead to because there’s a knock on the door five minutes later.

 

“Fuck off,” he shouts, rolling over and facing the far wall, but the door opens anyways, and his mother comes in frowning and sits on the end of the bed. She goes to grab one of his hands in her own, but he rips it away when she tries and crosses his arms; he knows he’s being childish, but he can’t quite bring himself to care.

 

“Evan,” she says softly, “this isn’t like you. First missing weekly dinners –“

 

“I was ignoring you.”

 

“And now coming back without warning –“

 

“I can leave.”

 

“Is this to do with the Dark Lord? Has something happened? Are you in trouble –“

 

Even though he’s devoted his life to his Lord, it still stings that that’s the first thing his mother asks about.

 

“No,” he says sharply.

 

“Evan,” she replies seriously, softly grabbing his chin and forcing him to look at her. “Is this little episode about a girl?” 

 

His first response is to laugh bitterly at her guess. “Yeah, fine, we’ll go with that.”

 

“Evan…” she begins reproachfully, and he knows she means well, but he can't right now. 

 

Maybe not ever.

 

“We’re late for dinner,” he says dully before walking out of the room, ignoring how she sighs worriedly and follows after him.

 

“Evan, I hope you’ve sorted out your language to befit someone of your station,” his father warns in lieu of a greeting.

 

“Of course, father,” he says, still emotionless, and he sees how his parents glance concernedly at each other and then back at him.

 

“Has something happened, Evan?” his father asks carefully.

 

“Obviously.”

 

“Are you going to share?”

 

“Obviously not.”

 

“Evan.”

 

“Dad.”

 

His father stares at him for a long moment and then shakes his head. “Have you put any thought into the betrothal contract with Melanie Fawley? She’s a pureblood from a high-ranked family, and I know you weren’t so keen on the match, but –“

 

“Fine, do what you want,” he says listlessly, almost wishing he’d never met Barty and could let his parents plan out the perfect match for him and be the good pureblood heir he was raised to be.

 

“Evan, it’s your potential marriage; we want you to like who you’re going to court. It’s rare that couples who court don’t end up married, so –“

 

“I said I’d marry her, what else do you want?”

 

“We want you to be happy with whichever match we arrange for you,” his mother says softly, still staring at him in concern, but he can feel his skin itching and the conversation eating him alive, and he needs to get out of here.

 

“Never going to happen,” he replies lifelessly. “Anything else?” 

 

“Evan…”

 

“Good, thanks, can’t wait to get married,” and then he walks out of the room, trying to figure out if he wants to laugh, scream or cry.

 

He’s back in his bed, and he’s never been depressed before, but he’s wondering if maybe this is what it feels like, which is ironic because he’s feeling nothing.

 

He’s going to get married within a year or two.

 

His parents are trying to find him the love of his life.

 

He doesn’t know how to tell them he’s already found him.

 

The two emotions he feels for the next few days are extreme apathy or what he assumes heartbreak is like, which is stupid because they weren’t even dating in the first place.

 

To Evan, they almost were though. In his dreams, they still are.

 

But in reality? Barty is just the best thing that never happened to him.

 

 

Barty misses Evan.

 

And it’s not like how he missed Regulus after he died because Regulus was dead and Evan obviously isn’t, but it’s almost grief for his and Evan’s friendship, and he doesn’t even understand why they fought in the first place.

 

Evan was mad. That's not surprising.

 

Evan yelled at him and threw a book at him. Also not surprising.

 

Evan left and hasn’t come back in over a week. That’s never happened before and he doesn’t know what to do because neither of them are particularly emotive people. They just address the problem when it appears and deal with it, but now they’re not only not dealing with the problem, Barty doesn’t even know what the problem is.

 

All he knows is that Evan was utterly furious and he doesn’t know why.

 

He’s never made any indication of wanting to hear about anyone Barty slept with, and he’d had the weird jealous look in his eye again, but they’d been making out all the time which Evan had agreed to. Barty had never pushed for more because Evan had never indicated he wanted it.

 

But maybe he wants more now? And is jealous Barty’s not a virgin? Or is insecure that he still is?

 

Who knows, certainly not Barty, and it’s not like Evan is responding to any of his owls to help him fix the problem.

 

So he sulks, and then he goes to see Hamish to distract him, who grins at him and pulls him to bed. Then Barty kisses him and pushes him away to go back home to sulk some more because he only wants to kiss Evan.

 

But his best friend refuses to come home, and even raiding and setting towns on fire doesn’t distract him because he and Evan always do it together.

 

But Evan isn’t here.

 

Nine days after Evan left, the majority of which Barty has spent doing a bit of everything but overall nothing, his Dark Mark burns, and he feels elated. This is the one place Evan has to go, and even if it’s behind the Dark Lord’s back, he’s going to speak to him.

 

He puts his robes on and disapparates almost instantly, but he doesn’t see Evan anywhere. Slightly worried, because no one ignores the Dark Lord’s summon and lives to tell the tale, he looks around for Evan’s father, but he’s not there either.

 

The meetings always start on the hour following whatever time they’ve been summoned, and at 7.59 pm, Evan arrives, identity hidden under his mask, but Barty would know him anywhere.

 

He opens his mouth to speak and then snaps it shut as Evan bypasses him entirely, sitting between Snape and Mulciber, and that makes him realise for the first time just how fucked off Evan really is.

 

After the meeting, Evan disappears before he can reach him and Barty is left none the wiser about what he’s doing or what he’s done.

 

His letters come back unanswered.

 

His owls he sent which were trained to peck the person's fingers until they reply come back with “fuck off” written in blood, and Barty never tries that method again.

 

He spends the week perfecting the patronus charm he tried to teach himself in sixth year and then never finished, but when he casts it and sends it off with a message, the brown bear always comes back mournfully, curling up in the corner of the room and hibernating until Barty cancels the spell.

 

The next Death Eater meeting passes in the same way, he even tries calling Winky to pass on a message, but she doesn’t come when he calls, which makes him realise his father has disowned him.

 

He couldn’t care less.

 

All he can focus on, almost to the point of obsession, is getting Evan back to being his best friend. When nothing else works, and he’s still no closer to figuring out why Evan is even mad in the first place, Barty thinks of his father for the first time in a while.

 

Because his father loved to ignore him too.

 

But if there’s anything Barty has always been able to do, it’s big gestures.

 

 

Two and a half weeks since Evan came home, nothing has changed.

 

His parents are still worried, and he’s still sad, lonely and hating himself for loving Barty.

 

He spends half his time thinking about Barty, and the other half of his time wondering if this is what the rest of his life will be like; married to some other girl, unsatisfied, thinking of Barty.

 

It’s a mindless existence.

 

He sulks in his bedroom, sulks in the library when his mother forces him to leave his room and is genuinely miserable, especially when he hears the front door open and voices in the foyer and he desperately hopes it’s not another match his parents have arranged that he wants nothing to do with.

 

His hopes are crushed as he hears footsteps, presumably to summon him to make small talk over tea and scones, until his father storms into his room looking a mixture of enraged and scandalised, but Evan doesn’t know what he’s done to provoke such a reaction.

 

“Father…?”

 

“Why is there a hooker downstairs,” he hisses furiously. “Claiming he’s here to provide escort services for one Mister Evan Rosier?”

 

Evan’s mouth drops open in a mixture of anger, incredulity and horror.

 

“Oh, you’ve got to be fucking kidding me.”
Notes:

    This last scene and the first scene of the next chapter is something I'm very proud of but also makes me wonder if I have no shame since I also have a public tiktok account about my fic

    Also, I was telling my mum about this interlude and she was the inspiration for the scenes in Evan's childhood memories where his father says "Evan, you wouldn't put your elbows on the table if you were eating with the Dark Lord would you?" and she asked to be credited.

    My childhood was variations of "Georgia, you wouldn't leave your towel on the bathroom floor if you were in your uni flat, would you?" so thanks mum for raising me and inspiring my fic xoxo

Chapter 36: Rosekiller Interlude (part two): Exclusive Best Friends
Summary:

    Exclusive best friends? Or something more?

Notes:

    part two :)))

    Honestly the titles aren't that important, I'm just splitting this fic into rough quarters and posting it like that.

Chapter Text

Barty, true to his father’s word, looks like a hooker.

 

He’s dressed in skin-tight leather trousers, chunky black leather boots, and instead of a shirt, he seems to be wearing some sort of chest harness that Evan can’t figure out for the life of him.

 

It’s shameful.

 

It’s improper.

 

It’s downright sinful.

 

His face lights up when he sees Evan. “Ah, you must be Mr Rosier –“

 

“Shut the fuck up,” he hisses and Barty grins at the fact he’s finally talking to him.

 

His father looks confused as well as outraged now. “Evan, do you know this man?”

 

“Unfortunately,” he grits out. “He doesn’t mean it; this is a joke,” and then he grabs Barty firmly by the wrist and drags him to his room.

 

“Pleasure to meet you, Mr and Mrs Rosier,” Barty sings.

 

“Don’t reply,” Evan yells to his parents before he glares at Barty. “I assure you it is not.”

 

 

Barty didn’t really come here with a plan.

 

He knew exactly what would get him to Evan, but he hadn’t planned what he’d do or say when he got here, so when Evan brings him to his room and slams the door behind him, he decides it’s best to figure out where things stand.

 

“Hey,” he says casually.

 

If possible, Evan gets even madder. “What the fuck is wrong with you!” he explodes. “Why would you come here dressed like a fucking hooker –“

 

“I missed you,” he replies honestly, and Evan flinches and then seems to lose his train of thought. 

 

“Don’t say shit like that,” is what he goes for, glaring at Barty as though he’s trying to remember what he’d been so mad about.

 

“Do you want me to lie?” 

 

“Depends on if the question is who have you been fucking in the last two weeks while I’ve been away –“

 

Barty loves fighting with Evan, but not when it drives them apart. He’s sick of it now.

 

“Here we go again,” he says, rolling his eyes. “You’re jealous and don’t know how to express it.”

 

“What am I jealous of this time then since your last guess was so fucking shit –“

 

“You want to have sex. I have sex. You’re jealous of me, and clearly, the sexual tension is making you lose your fucking mind –“

 

“You don’t know shit, Barty,” Evan says, which is more deflection than denial, and Barty can’t deal with this anymore.

 

“Then explain it to me because I haven’t got a fucking clue what’s going on, and I’ve had a miserable fucking time without you!”

 

“Bet your girlfriends kept you company –“

 

“Oh, for fuck’s sake, Evan, I actually didn’t sleep with anyone because I was too busy thinking of you –“

 

“So, you’re calling me a cockblock now?”

 

“No! I’m saying that if I wanted to sleep with anyone, I would want it to be you!”

 

There’s a very long pause until Evan carefully says, “what do you mean by that?” and the change in tone makes Barty know he’ll be forgiven.

 

“I mean, everything’s different with you because you’re my best friend,” he replies cheerfully.

 

 

Evan has no idea what to make of that.

 

Barty doesn’t like him how Evan likes him, he just called him his best friend. But… Barty is Evan’s best friend who he has a crush on.

 

But if Barty liked him, he’d tell him like he did with Regulus, unlike what Evan is doing. But it sounds like he’s at least Barty’s favourite hook-up? Not that they have ever done that, but maybe they could compromise?

 

“How do you know you want to sleep with me if we’ve never even slept together?” he asks, finding it difficult to have a serious conversation when Barty is still dressed like that and his eyes keep flicking downwards and he knows Barty notices and –

 

Barty just shrugs his shoulders which is also far more distracting than it should be. “I told you everything is always better with you, I just know sex would be too –“

 

“Then why didn’t you ask for it?” Evan asks, trying to make sense of what is going on and what they are and if they can even be anything at all –“

 

Barty looks as confused as Evan now and wonders how they’re talking so much and getting nowhere. “I thought you didn’t want to,” he replies before adding a quieter, “I thought I was being respectful.”

 

Evan still doesn’t know what’s happening. 

 

“Why are you here, Barty?”

 

“I told you I missed you.”

 

“And what? We just go back to how we used to be as you bring back girls to our flat without telling me –“

 

“In the name of transparency, there were boys too –“

 

“Not helping Barty!”

 

“Right, sorry.”

 

There’s a silence where Evan can’t figure out how to solve this problem, and Barty sorts through whatever problem he’s having because Evan has no idea what’s going through his mind.

 

“So you won’t come back?” Barty checks.

 

“Not if it stays like this,” Evan replies, lying through his teeth because he would if Barty asked, and his resolve is getting weaker and weaker.

 

I’d follow you anywhere.

 

Barty seems to expect this answer, though as he nods once and says, “what if we were exclusive?”

 

“Excuse me?”

 

Evan can’t believe it. It can’t be true. It’s too good to be true, but how else is he supposed to interpret it –

 

Barty also seems to have anticipated this response and sounds almost exasperated as he says, “you know, exclusive. Like if we only hook up with each other. Then you can move back in, and we can go back to how we were before, except if I want to do anything, I’ll just come to find you so you won’t get annoyed about me bringing people over.”

 

“Like boyfriends?”

 

“What? No! Just best friends who fuck and kiss and do what they want, when they want!”

 

“And if I’m not in the mood?“

 

“Fuck’s sake, Evan,” Barty cries out, sounding genuinely annoyed. “I’ve got a conscience and a hand, don’t I? I’m not going force you into anything.”

 

“So you won’t sleep with anyone else?” he checks. “Or bring them to our flat –“

 

“Are you even listening? I just said we’d be exclusive best friends!”

 

If Evan ignores the “best friends” bit, he thinks it could work and be an illusion he could fall for, for a while. He thinks that it’s the best he’s going to get; it’s not great, but it’s better than before and it’s something.

 

It’s something with Barty. 

 

He has to take what he can get; it’s already more than he thought he’d have, but he’s still disappointed in himself as he feels himself give in.

 

“Fuck, yeah, okay then.”

 

“What?” Barty asks, looking shocked that he’s actually agreed, but fuck if Evan wasn’t getting closer and closer to returning to what they had before.

 

It’s an improvement that’ll only delay the hurt some more.

 

“We’ll be exclusive best friends,” he sighs resignedly.

 

“Fuck yeah, we will!"

 

“You’re the fucking devil,” Evan says, shaking his head and trying not to look too eager.

 

“You can get on your knees if you want to repent,” Barty replies sweetly.

 

Like a challenge.

 

Even does and tilts his head back like a prayer.

 

Like an offering.

 

Barty takes it.

 

 

There’s a new normal after that and Barty wonders why they didn’t just make themselves exclusive earlier because being with Evan was always better and now he has the best all the time.

 

It’s a bit touch and go at first, purely because Evan gets weird about things sometimes and never wants to talk about any of it, but Barty figures it’s just Evan being Evan and lets it go.

 

They wake up, make out in the kitchen, practice non-lethal curses on each other until they’ve figured out exactly how to cast the curse and counter curse and go back to raiding and serving the Dark Lord when he requires them.

 

But even raiding is different now because he’s finding that the biggest thrill doesn’t come from blowing towns to pieces and lighting cigarettes on its embers; it comes from the fact that he’s doing it all with Evan.

 

Even when Evan goes running in the mornings and Barty used to always refuse to join him so he could sleep in, sometimes he’ll come because he misses Evan even though they live in the same house and see each other all the time, but he still finds himself wanting to spend more time with him.

 

He hates running, but part of choosing to follow someone anywhere includes running in the rain with them at 6 in the morning, even when it’s winter and the rain feels like a slushy, and even though you run ten kilometres and sprint the last 2 home, you’re still shivering.

 

“It’ll be more energy efficient if we shower together, save water, save the planet,” he sings out, grinning in the doorway.

 

Evan just raises an eyebrow at him from where he’s getting undressed. “You think I give a fuck about the planet?”

 

“I think you give a fuck about me,” he replies, smiling sweetly. “You’re my best friend, after all.”

 

This seems to be the right thing to say, as Evan’s hesitation disappears, and he lets Barty drag him to the shower for fifty minutes, then back to his bed to make sure they “warm up properly.”

 

Barty settles into the new normal of him and his best friend, and even though they still do things on their own, still have their own lives, they live them together.

 

 

For the first few months, having Barty as his “exclusive best friend” is great.

 

Evan finds that it's basically all he’s been wanting, except no romantic feelings are involved. Still, to him, it feels like dating Barty without discussing his emotions or being told he’s liked back.

 

But it’s everything he wants.

 

He’ll kiss Barty in the kitchen, on the sofa, against the front door while he’s fumbling for the keys, and he rolled his eyes during fifth and sixth year when he saw the couples holding hands in the corridors and when Regulus and Barty were always together in the dorm, but he gets it now.

 

It’s obviously not the same, or not the same to Barty anyways, but even though he knows he’s only Barty’s best friend, he’s falling harder for the illusion.

 

It’s almost domestic, the way the first thing they do when they wake up is kiss each other, and how when they go to their Death Eater meeting, they always enter together, but despite how couple-y it feels, no matter how many rounds they’ve gone in the day, each night, they sleep in separate beds.

 

They never stay the night unless they’re drunk, when either Barty asks, and Evan doesn’t have enough self-control to say no, or when Evan gets too drunk to keep up the pretence that they’re just friends.

 

That was Evan’s ground rule, claiming “he’d get sick of Barty if he spent every second with him,” but that was a fucking lie. He needs time to remember it’s not real, remember it’s a dangerous game and then convince himself to stop playing it.

 

It never works, though, and the next morning when he tells himself enough is enough and that he deserves better, seven months come and go to the feeling of Barty’s lips on his before he starts the day, like an alarm clock for his lovesick heart.

 

 

“Going to my parent’s house for dinner,” Evan calls out one day in early October, putting on his cloak as he walks past Barty in the living room.

 

“Are you sure I can’t come,” Barty replies, smirking in the same self-satisfied way as he does anytime Evan brings up his parents.

 

“Absolutely not,” he hisses. “I swear to fuck if you come to my parent's house again –“

 

“I won’t, I won’t,” he says, laughing too hard at the memory to speak, and Evan rolls his eyes and sends a stinging hex at him before he disapparates to Rosier Manor, and he’s still laughing as he arrives in the foyer to see his parents waiting for him. 

 

With another set of parents.

 

And their daughter.

 

His age.

 

Fuck.

 

“Evan, I’m glad you’re here; this is Melanie Fawley, who I told you about a few months ago,” his mother says, smiling widely, and it takes Evan a while to figure out exactly when she mentioned her.

 

Despite his internal panic, he doesn’t hesitate to greet Melanie and kiss her hand in a formal pureblood greeting. Then he bows his head respectfully at her parents before they enter the dining room to have dinner together.

 

He expects everything to be awful, but while it isn’t terrible, it’s not great either.

 

Evan and Mr Fawley talk about being Death Eaters and discuss various schemes the Dark Lord has them working on, and when Evan asks Melanie or Mrs Fawley a question, they seem happy to reply, and he just has to nod and smile and pretend to listen.

 

Melanie is nice and funny, and in different circumstances, Evan thinks they may have been friends, but he’s looking at the person he may be married to in a year’s time, and she’s got a red flag that he can’t look past and she can’t fix.

 

Because she’s not Barty.

 

That thought pulls him up short; is he considering marrying Barty now? The boy who kisses him every morning and friend-zones him every night?

 

He needs to go somewhere quiet and far away from everyone and think –

 

“Evan, how about you give Melanie a tour of the gardens, and we adults will retire to the sitting room for digestifs,” his mother asks lightly, and Evan looks around and realises everyone has finished.

 

“Of course, mother,” he replies before standing up and offering his arm to Melanie. “Shall we?”

 

Melanie smiles politely at him and lets him lead her through the manor, down to the back door and across the patio. However, when they’re by the fountain, out of sight from the sitting room, she unhooks her arm from Evan and sits on the edge of the fountain.

 

Slightly confused but still willing to be a gracious host, Evan follows her.

 

“Are you alright?” he asks hesitantly. “We don’t need to see the gardens if you don’t want –“

 

“I don’t want to see the gardens,” she replies sadly, and Evan wonders if his future bride already hates him and what he’s done.

 

“Do you want to –“

 

“How about we just sit.”

 

“Okay.”

 

They sit in silence, Evan not knowing what to say, Melanie not saying anything, and he tilts his head up to the sky, finding Regulus’ star and hears him laughing at him.

 

“I want you to know that if we do court and become married, it will be a partnership,” she says, her voice nervous but firm, and Evan almost jumps in fright because he’d forgotten she was there. “I want to clear things up now if you choose to move forwards with this arrangement by our parents.”

 

Evan thinks this is quite dramatic, although he doesn’t spend enough time around girls to know for sure. “Yeah, that’s fine,” he says. “I suppose I’m a feminist, so equal rights and all that,” but Melanie laughs sadly again and shakes her head.

 

“That’s not what I’m saying.”

 

“You’re getting equal rights anyways,” he replies in pure astonishment, and she gives him the most unimpressed look he’s ever seen, next to Regulus’.

 

“Not what I meant, but thanks anyways.”

 

“Then what –“

 

"When I say partnership, I mean it’ll be an agreement," she explains. "Our relationship will be for show only, and it won’t be romantic; I won’t love you.”

 

Evan doesn’t quite know what to do but thinks he understands. Thinks he relates. Maybe too much.

 

“You’ve already found someone, haven’t you?” he realises. “I’m just a cover to keep your parents happy,” and she laughs again, but it sounds more like a sob.

 

“Yeah, something like that.”

 

“Do I know him? Is he a Gryffindor? Or a muggleborn? You could compromise on a half-blood, couldn’t you?“

 

“They’re a pureblood,” she says quietly before she looks him in the eye and says firmly, “she’s a pureblood.”

 

Evan can’t help but laugh, which quickly turns into choking and spluttering as he finds himself submerged in the fountain, struggling to bring his head above the water.

 

“You little bitch!” he gasps in astonishment. “You pushed me into the fountain!”

 

“You little bastard,” she shoots back, reaching for her wand and pointing it at him. “You don’t think I have a chance of dating a woman in the eighties.”

 

“That’s not what this was about at all!” he cries out, pulling himself up and feeling ridiculously unequipped, especially as Melanie stands in a scary impression of his mother with her arms folded and eyebrow raised.

 

Waiting.

 

Impatiently.

 

Seconds away from sending a hex at him to make him stop stalling.

 

Evan sighs and figures that if she’s gone first, there’s nothing left for him to lose.

 

“There’s this boy,” he says slowly, the first time he’s admitted it out loud, and before he knows it, he and Melanie are both laughing.

 

“Who is he?” she asks.

 

“Who is she?” he shoots back.

 

He thinks he likes Melanie a lot more now that he knows he doesn’t actually have to date her.

 

“Lucinda Talkalot.”

 

“She was my quidditch captain,” he says, appaled. “You can’t like her! She can’t like you!”

 

“I can, and I do, and we’ve been dating since fifth I think I’d know if she liked me or not. Who’s the boy?” 

 

“You can’t tell anyone,” he warns.

 

“I won’t,” she replies, her eyes full of promise, and Evan can’t believe he’s about to say this.

 

“Barty Crouch Junior.”

 

She laughs. He thinks he should have expected it. 

 

“Him! He's slept with four of my friends and –“

 

She’s cut off, too, when Evan pushes her backwards into the fountain, and she comes up indignantly spluttering for air.

 

“I am a lady,” she cries out, aggressively casting drying spells and fixing her hair while she glares at him.

 

Evan just smiles innocently at her. “I said I was a feminist, didn’t I? That means equal rights and equal pushes into the water fountain,” and then he shrieks in pain as she waves her wand and all of the hair on his legs gets removed with invisible wax.

 

“If we were married, I’d divorce you right now,” he says seriously.

 

“If we were married, I’d kill you and your parents, take all your inheritance, and they’d never find the bodies,” she replies sweetly.

 

Evan just shakes his head in genuine disbelief as he grabs her hand and pulls her back towards the house.

 

 

Evan thinks a lot about Melanie over the next couple of weeks.

 

More specifically, “I’ve been dating her since fifth year; I think I’d know if she liked me or not,” which makes him think of Barty.

 

Melanie was willing to trust Evan to keep her secret, even though telling him came at the risk of disownment and hurting her girlfriend if her parents found out, and Lucinda was willing to take the risk to be with her.

 

Barty is just using Evan until he finds someone else.

 

And one night evening, Evan is hit with the unwanted yet important realisation that he deserves better.

 

He doesn’t want better, but he also doesn’t want this, so the next morning, when he’s reading a book, and Barty wakes up and comes to kiss him good morning, Evan, for the first time ever, pushes him away.

 

“Evan…?”

 

“We have to stop doing this,” he blurts out before he can lose his nerve. “I can’t do this anymore –“

 

“Can’t do what?”

 

“This! Kiss you! Sleep with you! Do this with you!”

 

“But we’re not doing anything,” Barty says bemusedly. “We’re just friends –“

 

Evan laughs bitterly, effectively cutting him off. “Yeah Barty, that’s the problem.”

 

Barty still looks like he’s trying to wake up. “I don’t understand; I thought we were on the same page –“

 

“We never have been, Barty!” he bursts out. “Everything we’ve been has always meant 2 different things. Remember how you told me I was jealous of you because I wanted to be kissed? Because I hadn’t had sex, and you had? I wasn’t jealous of you at all; I was jealous of everyone else that they got to kiss you and fuck you, and it wasn’t about you at all, but at the same time, everything has always been about you!”

 

Barty blinks in surprise at his outburst before smirking as he says lightly, “careful, Evan. That almost sounded like a love confession.”

 

Evan’s too tired to keep pretending; he’s stopped falling for the illusion, and there’s nothing left to lose.

 

“Fuck Barty,” he says tiredly. “Maybe it is.”

 

 

Barty watches Evan walk to his room and then stares at the closed door for a long time, waiting for him to come out, waiting for him to explain the joke, waiting for anything.

 

But he gets nothing.

 

And eventually, Barty has the thought that maybe Evan wasn’t joking at all.

 

Maybe that’s why it felt different with Evan, why Evan treated him differently because it was different to him. He had no idea Evan was gay, or queer, or even liked men in the first place, though; he thought they were just friends fooling around, he didn’t know it meant anything.

 

He feels like he’s missing something here, but fuck if he knows what it is.

 

He’s still no closer to figuring out what it is as four days go by, and Evan blatantly ignores him; if he sees Barty, he just turns around and goes straight back to where he came from. If Evan would just talk to him, maybe he could figure out what’s going on because he misses him even though they live in the same house. Whatever he’s missing here, it’s obviously to do with Evan, and it’s something to do with being exclusive best friends, and he still doesn’t understand why it feels like they’ve just broken up.

 

They weren’t even dating.

 

But fine. If Evan is going to hide and refuse to help Barty figure out his feelings, then fine, the deal is off, and they’re not exclusive best friends anymore, so he’ll pick someone else to fuck.

 

Fuck Evan.

 

Or, not fuck Evan.

 

He apparates to see Callum Yaxley before he’s even planned where he’s going, Corban Yaxley’s younger brother who has blond hair and blue eyes and looks a lot like –

 

“Crouch? Haven’t seen you here in a while –“

 

“Are you going to fuck me or tell me what I already know?”

 

“Could’ve just said you missed me,” he replies, a predatory grin on his face as he sidles closer, and Barty realises that he didn’t.

 

He hadn’t missed any of his fuckbuddies while he and Evan were being exclusive, but he still can’t figure out what that means.

 

Or what it has to do with Evan.

 

Or why he can barely focus on the sex, why his mind is elsewhere, why he’s looking at Callum’s blue eyes above him and imagining they’re a shade darker and Callum is inside him and hitting that one spot –

 

And it feels so good –

 

And he feels his entire body tense in anticipation –

 

And his eyes roll back into his head –

 

And he screams –

 

“Evan!”

 

Callum pulls out immediately, looking at him in horror and entirely ruining the orgasm, and Barty stares back with the exact same reaction.

 

“Um,” Callum says, laughing awkwardly. “Something you want to tell me, Crouch…?”

 

“Oblivate,” Barty replies, his mind not fully there and still slightly hazy from the sex and the fucking implications of what he just said, as he stumbles through the room, putting his clothes back on. Then he creates a portkey instead of apparating and lands back in the living room to see Evan making toast in the kitchen.

 

“Fuck, I’ll go,” Evan mutters, avoiding eye contact. “I was just finishing… Barty? Are you… okay?” 

 

He sounds hesitant, like he doesn’t want to care but can’t help but do exactly that, and even though Barty has been waiting all week for Evan to talk to him, right now, all he’d like to do is crawl into a hole and let the soil fall over his head.

 

“Don’t talk to me,” he says, still in the weird hazy state, almost stumbling as he walks into his room, locks the door and casts a silencing spell and then laughs hysterically, unable to stop as he tries to piece together what’s going on and what the fuck just happened.

 

There’s only one answer he can think of, but he hates it.

 

It’s wrong.

 

But fuck it makes a lot of sense.

 

Except Barty does not have a crush on Evan Rosier.

 

They’re friends.

 

Best friends.

 

Just –

 

Oh fuck.

 

 

Barty is being weird.

 

The entire week, he’d been trying to get Evan’s attention, trying to talk to him through the door until he realised Evan had put up a silencing spell, but now when Evan finally talked to him, nothing.

 

Evan tells himself it’s good, tells himself it’s fine, and it’s what he asked for, and it’s what he wanted, except Barty isn’t quiet.

 

Ever.

 

When Barty is happy, he’s loud; when he’s annoyed, he’s loud. No matter the emotion, no matter if the world is burning up or everyone is stuck in a perpetual disaster, there will always be the constant that Barty will be there, he will be loud, and he will be noticed.

 

Barty once told him that his big gestures started as a way to make his father notice him, and over time, it became intrinsic. It was important to him to be loud and rebellious and make all his big gestures so that he’d be noticed, initially by his father, then by his friends, and then by everyone else.

 

Right now, his silence is making Evan notice him more than words ever could.

 

 

Barty cast a silencing spell hours ago before Evan could call his name, and his stupid voice would add more stupid thoughts to his stupid brain having his stupid crisis.

 

Because he doesn’t like Evan.

 

Well, he likes Evan, but he doesn’t like Evan. It’s obvious. At one point, Barty loved Regulus, and the way Barty feels about Evan isn’t the same way he felt about Regulus. Ergo, he doesn’t like Evan.

 

Except…

 

Fuck. He really needs to talk to Evan about this, but Evan doesn’t seem to want to talk about anything. He thought Evan’s love declaration would’ve still let them be friends, but apparently not, and he privately thinks the only reason Evan hasn’t gone back to his parents again is that he’s too scared of what Barty would do this time to get him back.

 

Barty’s just thankful he doesn’t see the solution to him off the wards entirely.

 

He sits on the floor, leaning against his bed, trying to think of nothing, and thinking of nothing but Evan.

 

Evan. Evan. Evan.

 

Friend. Best friend. Something more?

 

The more he thinks about it, the more he wonders if something is wrong with him; what the fuck is an exclusive best friend anyways if it’s not a boyfriend? Because it’s Evan. Evan, the kid he pushed down the stairs and broke his wrist in first year. It’s just Evan, the boy he used to team up with to try and make Regulus break his pureblood façade in public, except they literally never managed it. It’s just Evan who dropped out because Barty wanted to, and it’s Evan who picked him up drunk from someone’s house every week for a year. It’s Evan who loved Barty with a sword between them, always offering Barty the handle and leaving the blade digging a little deeper into his chest every time he spoke the words “best friends.”

 

Evan wasn’t lying when he said, “I’d follow you anywhere,” because that’s what you do for the people you love.

 

Barty needs to see just how far he’ll go for Evan. He’s terrified that he can’t think of one place he wouldn’t go.

 

But he can't talk to Evan now. He needs more time to have a crisis; he cannot see him –

 

The entire house shakes.

 

He can’t be bothered to see what Evan’s doing or if someone is breaking in.

 

He recasts his silencing spell.

 

The house shakes again.

 

He ignores it.

 

The house shakes again, and Barty stands up in annoyance, about to storm into wherever Evan is and tell him to fucking quit it, when his door caves inwards, leaving him staring at Evan in the doorway with no way to escape.

 

It’s not helping his crisis at all.

 

“That was locked,” he hisses, unable to look away from where Evan is smirking slightly and leaning against the door frame.

 

Evan looks wholeheartedly unrepentant as he says, “yeah, I couldn’t unlock it, so I blew it off the hinges.”

 

“I’ll blow you off your hinges,” he mutters darkly before he can stop himself and Evan winces.

 

Barty sighs.

 

“Fuck,” Evan says. “I suppose we should talk.”

 

“No.”

 

“Not a request.”

 

“You first, then.”

 

“No, you first.”

 

“No, you first.”

 

Their argument is cut off before it can begin by the sudden heat of the Dark Mark on their forearms.

 

Barty has never been more grateful for something, nor has he ever resented anything more.

 

“You’re coming straight home after, and we’re finishing this conversation,” Evan warns. Barty just sighs again, watching him walk through the doorframe and missing him already.

 

“Can’t fucking wait.”

 

 

It’s awkward.

 

It’s very awkward, especially because Barty is still being weird and isn’t doing anything to distract him from how awkward it is. All he can think about is the unfinished conversation they need to have when they get home, and he still has no idea how to begin.

 

“I love you, can you stop being weird?” or “I love you can you love me back?” are both poor options, but they’re the best he’s come up with so far, and the Dark Lord’s latest speech is doing nothing to distract him and make the time pass faster.

 

The meeting is long, and Evan is itching for it to be over so he can go out and fight and get all of this restless energy out of his system before he has to have a stupid heart-to-heart that will either end in snogging or a duel; both are equally as likely. One quick glance at Barty tells him he’s feeling the same.

 

Fuck, stop looking at him, Evan.

 

He swears he can feel the cogs in his pocket watch ticking by.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

The Dark Lord loves to speak, and Evan loves to listen to him, but sometimes he just drones on and on and on.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

He’s never doubted that being in the same room as the Dark Lord and listening to him speak was an honour. Barty however, as Regulus used to tell him, “could never use tailored robes or his father’s ministry position to hide the fact he was a half-blood”. 

 

This also meant that when Barty was bored and restless, which was almost always, he would make it a game to annoy Evan or make his pureblood mask crack.

 

In class, this was fine and a game they used to play often.

 

In front of the literal Dark Lord is not at all a suitable place to play. Then again, Barty has always done what he wanted.

 

There’s a sharp kick on his ankle which really fucking hurts that makes him inhale sharply through his nose, but his facial expression doesn’t change; he just turns his head towards the Dark Lord more, away from Barty, and then realises his mistake a second later when there’s a jab in his ribs.

 

He turns his head slowly to glare at Barty before ignoring him again.

 

Barty never took well to being ignored, though, so Evan feels a hand just above his knee that makes goosebumps spread across his skin, even though he’s just preparing to give him a horse bite –

 

“Young Mr Rosier, Mr Crouch,” the Dark Lord begins, and Evan swears he stops breathing, swears Barty has too, and wonders if they're about to be killed. "You have served me well so far, but I am yet to see something great from either of you; impress me tonight.” 

 

“We will, My Lord,” they reply in unison, and Evan is expecting a crucio or leglimens, but apparently, the Dark Lord didn’t notice Barty being a little shit.

 

After that, Barty stops trying to antagonise him, and Evan almost misses it as time drags on.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

Mulciber gets tortured by the Dark Lord, and Evan has to slap Barty’s hands down to stop him from applauding.

 

His fingertips tingle from where they’d touched his skin.

 

The Dark Lord talks some more.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

Bellatrix Lestrange makes her comments that no one quite knows if they’re manic or flirtatious.

 

Evan tries not to yawn.

 

Barty fails.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

And then finally, finally, the Dark Lord finishes his sermon, and they disapparate to St Andrews to go raiding.

 

Evan is still mildly stressed that the Dark Lord will use leglimency on him and realise that he found his 4 and a half hour speech the most boring thing of his life. Barty finds it hysterical and hasn’t stopped laughing, which at least has broken some of the tension between them.

 

“I thought he was going to kill us. I thought he’d bring us to the front of the room and make us torture each other, not that I’d mind too much –“

 

Sometimes, Evan wonders what it says about him to have someone like Barty as his type.

 

“You’re mentally unstable; you do know that, right?”

 

“Somebody will love me for it one day,” he sings over his shoulder, but when he realises what he’s said, he stares wide-eyed at Evan, who winces. “Evan –“ he begins, and ah.

 

The awkward tension is back.

 

“Later,” he says, shaking his head and avoiding eye contact.

 

There’s never much waiting when they finally get to where they’re doing a raid which Evan is grateful for because he does not want to speak with Barty right now. However, like usual, they still pair up as they terrorise the streets.

 

There’s something freeing and exhilarating about running down streets of random muggle towns, lighting gardens on fire and blowing the rooves off houses.

 

There’s something exciting and dangerous about hearing the cracks of apparation sound out and knowing that the Order is here, that it’s time to fight someone who can actually fight back, that someone is about to die.

 

There’s always a pause when the Order comes, where everyone is evaluating, assessing, and strategising. Then the split second is over, and the air glows red and green as bodies fall and screams sound in the air.

 

Evan has never really cared about who it was; he keeps his promise to Regulus to not cast anything at his brother, and he and Barty fight as a team, so watching Barty is like watching himself, but anyone else on either side can drop dead for all he cares.

 

Usually, the screams excite him, only making him fight harder and darker, but today, it makes him freeze as he watches a spell from Mad-Eye Moody break through their combined shields and come towards him.

 

It’s too late to stop it, and time slows down again.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

The red light is coming towards him, and it’s too late to stop it.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

He closes his eyes and braces himself for imminent pain and possible death, and he wonders distantly why it doesn’t hurt and why his scream sounds so different until he looks down and sees Barty gasping for breath with his chest split open, bleeding out in front of him.

 

Rather ridiculously, all Evan can think about is the time when he was younger and he told his father he was going to be a Healer.

 

Right now, he wishes he was one as he watches his Barty bleed out with no idea how to stop it.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

Tick.

 

“Barty,” he blurts out, uncaring that he’s in the middle of a raid, uncaring that Moody is probably aiming for him next, uncaring about anything except that his best friend, the love is life, his Barty is dying. Whichever healing spells Evan casts at him do nothing to stop the blood flow, and Barty is telling him it’s okay and that he’ll see Regulus again, but Evan refuses to even give his death the possibility of thought. He’s panicking, Barty is accepting his death and isn't even fucking trying to live, and Evan thinks nothing could possibly be worse than this when something worse happens.

 

Someone shoves him to the side and disapparates with Barty’s still bleeding, still dying body.

 

Evan had felt panic before or thought he had until this moment when true, heart-stopping terror gripped his chest as he watched Barty disappear from under him.

 

He doesn’t know where he’s going, doesn’t know who he’s going to, doesn’t know if this will even work, but he thinks desperately about Barty with everything he has and disapparates without a destination in his mind.

 

Get me to Barty; he tells his magic, praying this works.

 

The apparation makes him dizzier than usual, and he has to blink a few times and wait for his brain to catch up before he can process where he is, but in some kind of miracle, he’s alone in a forest with Barty at his feet, asleep and completely healed.

 

Evan checks Barty’s heartbeat, checks his pulse, checks his breathing, and it’s all normal, and he has enough vials of potions in his pocket to ensure he makes a full recovery that weren’t in there a minute ago.

 

Evan can’t help it as he lies back and laughs, staring at the night sky. He’s never been more grateful to the power of accidental magic.

 

 

Barty dreams of someone he hasn’t dreamt about in a long time.

 

He dreams of Regulus.

 

He dreams that he’s floating, as though he’s about to drift off to sleep, and no matter how hard he fights to stay awake, he can feel himself slipping away.

 

It’s a clear dream; it almost feels like it could be a memory, as Regulus' face above him frowns in concentration, and his magic relaxes Barty in a way few things can.

 

He knows it’s a dream because the Regulus he knows doesn’t really get panicked, and he always enunciates his words; he doesn’t roll them into one another, casting too quickly to allow for proper dictation.

 

Distantly, Barty remembers that Regulus is dead.

 

“Where are we?” he slurs out, trying to focus on something but unable to manage it. “Heaven or hell?” 

 

Regulus almost looks relieved at his questioning, which only further convinces Barty this is a dream; Regulus’ primary emotion towards Barty tended to be exasperation, and when he leant into the fond side, he always tried to hide it.

 

“Neither,” he snaps. “You’re not dead, and you’re not dying.”

 

Now Barty is getting confused. His head is spinning, his chest is hurting, and there are two Regulus’ working on him.

 

Three Regulus’

 

Four.

 

“Four of you,” he murmurs. “I told you I’d find you.”

 

Regulus doesn’t reply, but he looks worried, and Barty’s chest feels warm, although not in the way it used to around him. 

 

The warm feeling he used to associate with Regulus has diminished.

 

It comes back when he thinks of Evan.

 

Evan.

 

Evan.

 

Where’s Evan?

 

And why is Regulus here?

 

He loses consciousness before he can ask the question, and the last thing he remembers is a rush of energy flooding through him and Regulus’ relieved face before everything turns black.

 

When he wakes up, he forgets that he’d dreamed at all.

 

 

Evan doesn’t care about the rules of normal best friends or of best friends, except one of them loves the other, and they’re sort of kind of fighting. He knows you don’t sleep in the same bed as them, and he knows you don’t watch them sleep with your hand on their heart, utterly terrified that it’ll stop, but he can't stop himself from doing it anyways.

 

The entire night, his thoughts are stuck on an endless loop that turns very quickly into spiralling, and he almost feels bad for the times he made fun of Regulus having a crisis if this is what he felt like.

 

Like the world is spinning around him, and he’s frozen.

 

Like he can’t quite catch his breath.

 

Like a part of his soul was dying alongside Barty, and he doesn’t think he'll fully recover until he sees his eyes open.

 

So he sits and waits and feels Barty’s heartbeat and watches his face, afraid to sleep, afraid to even blink in case something happens, and he disappears again.

 

He waits.

 

And waits.

 

And waits.

 

He’s so lost in staring that he doesn’t know quite what to do when Barty’s eyes eventually open, and he doesn’t know how he can explain the way his entire body softens in relief when he hears his name.

 

“Evan?”

 

 

Barty wakes slowly.

 

The last thing he remembers is stepping in front of a curse for Evan, convinced he was about to die, and now he’s back in his own bed without any lingering pain.

 

He still feels like shit, he still wants to go back to sleep for another week, but this time he trusts that if he does fall asleep, he’ll wake up again.

 

Progress is progress, no matter how small.

 

He remembers that he dreamt, but he can’t remember what it was about; he’s sure the curse really did hit him, though; he doesn’t think he could have made pain like that up.

 

When he looks down at his chest, there are faint scars, but it’s expertly healed, and when he looks up –

 

“Evan? Why are you in my bed?”

 

It’s not that he minds, really. It’s just that ever since their fight, Evan has barely even looked at him, let alone sat at the head of his bed, just watched him sleep? 

 

“You’re awake,” Evan breathes out relievedly, and Barty wonders if he got concussed, and maybe that’s why he doesn’t remember what happened.

 

“Were you expecting me not to?” he asks amusedly, his entertainment only growing as Evan reaches out as if he’s about to slap him before he hovers his hand over Barty’s face, then his chest and his fingers keep opening and closing like he wants to touch but doesn’t know how to do it without hurting him.

 

Their friendship has always been violent, and Barty doesn’t know what to do with the gentler side of him as he watches Evan almost fret over him, unable to know exactly what to do.

 

Barty just rolls his eyes, deciding Evan is having a moment and swings his feet out of bed, but all the blood rushes to his feet as he stands up, and he sways, distantly feeling his legs about to buckle. He feels absolutely awful and wonders why he didn't stay in bed until the world blinks into focus, and he finds he can’t regret any of it since Evan’s arms are around him, holding him up for the first time in a week. He sinks into them, letting him take all of his weight, enjoying feeling Evan’s hands on him again, but it’s gone as abruptly as it came as he’s lying back on his bed with Evan standing above him, looking terrified.

 

Barty hates it.

 

“Give me a pepper-up potion, and I’ll be fine,” he says, hoping it’s true, but Evan gives him a pale pink potion instead.

 

“What’s that?”

 

“I don’t know, just take it.”

 

“Are you trying to poison me?” he asks, raising an eyebrow, but Evan flinches imperceptibly before he scowls.

 

“That’s not funny.”

 

“It’s a little –“

 

“Barty!”

 

Barty rolls his eyes and feels more awake, the mysterious, not poisonous potion working wonders. When he stands up without fainting and walks towards the kitchen, Evan grabs his arm and yanks him backwards.

 

“What are you doing up?” he hisses. “You died yesterday. Get back into bed and rest or something –“ then he’s ripping his hand back from where it was holding Barty’s elbow as he stares at him in horror.

 

“Fuck, that didn’t hurt you, did it?” he blurts out, genuine horror in his eyes before he shakes his head. “Sit down, stay in bed. I’ll get what you need –“

 

“Not dead and not dying, I’ll get my own cereal”, Barty says, rolling his eyes, and Evan follows him, hovering, watching him like a hawk, and Barty does his best to ignore him.

 

 

Evan’s heart won’t stop racing.

 

He can’t relax even though he knows Barty is here and he’s safe, and he is okay, but his mind is stuck on the image of what was almost his best friends’ corpse. He can’t match up that image with the one of Barty alive and healthy and eating his cheerios at the breakfast table 12 hours later.

 

Because it was his fault. Because the curse was coming towards him. Because it should have been him who was bleeding out and dying and –

 

When Barty looks up and sees Evan still staring at him, his expression darkens.

 

“Fuck, I’m not delicate. Stop treating me like it.”

 

“I’m aware.”

 

“You’re not.”

 

“I am.”

 

“So crucio me, then,” Barty says, holding his arms wide in invitation. 

 

“No!”

 

“Why not? You do it all the time, and yours always feels nice –“

 

“I’m not doing it the day after you nearly died –“

 

“I didn’t.”

 

“You fucking did, and you did it for me!”

 

“Why are you mad?”

 

“I’m not.”

 

“Sure you’re not. You just didn’t want to have to bother finding a new flatmate –“

 

Evan shoves him into the bench in annoyance, prepared to storm off, but when Barty gasps in a mixture of pain and surprise, he forgets his anger in a heartbeat.

 

“Fuck,” he says fretfully, his hands hovering over his body but not wanting to touch. “I’ll get the bruise paste. Is it your wrist or your ribs? Fuck. Sorry. It’s not broken, is it? I’m sorry, shit –“

 

Barty looks at him with a mixture of amusement and pity. “I’m not going to die, Evan.”

 

“You were yesterday –“

 

“Was not.”

 

“You fucking were!”

 

“Wasn’t.”

 

“Barty!”

 

“Don’t tell me this is you feeling guilty because I stepped in front of the spell for you,” Barty sighs, and Evan freezes because that’s exactly what this is about.

 

That, and so much more.

 

It’s about how he saw his life flash red before his eyes, prepared himself to die and then saw Barty step in front of him and felt like he’d die anyway.

 

It’s about how he tortures people for fun, but he’s never seen the true effects of a curse until it hit Barty.

 

It’s about how a part of his brain is still stuck feeling the heart-stopping terror of watching the love of his life bleed out and knowing that there’s no way to stop it.

 

It’s about how he still hasn’t stopped shaking 12 hours later.

 

“Stop being guilty; you would’ve done the same for me,” Barty scoffs as though Evan is a fool for feeling guilty over his almost murder.

 

“Well yeah, but that’s different,” Evan protests immediately.

 

“How?”

 

Because I love you, he thinks. “Because,” he says out loud.

 

“Exactly, because we’re both best friends, and that’s what we do. We raid together, we live together, we die together, and neither of us are dead right now –“

 

“But you almost were, and I wasn’t –“

 

Barty rolls his eyes and casts a silencing spell at him, firmly ending the conversation.

 

Evan glares, so he has another excuse to look at him.

 

 

Barty spends most of the next few days sleeping, and even though he never asks him to, Evan is always there when he wakes up. 

 

He doesn’t know what to make of it.

 

The first night after he’d woken up and had been falling asleep on the couch, Evan had followed him into his room and stood in the doorway. Even though Barty found his hovering annoying, it was still better than the last week he’d spent without Evan at all.

 

But now it looks like he doesn’t want to leave him.

 

Good.

 

Barty doesn’t want him to go.

 

“You can stay,” he murmurs, his eyes slipping shut, but he manages to prise them open for long enough to see Evan hesitate.

 

“Barty,” he says weakly.

 

“No one needs to know,” he whispers. “It’s just for tonight.”

 

His eyes slip shut, and his lips curl up as he feels the bed dip beside him.

 

“Yeah,” Evan whispers back. “Just for tonight.”

 

 

It’s not just for the night.

 

It’s for the next night.

 

And the next night.

 

And the next few after that, until November brings about a cold burst of air, and frost starts to settle on the trees. While Barty makes a full recovery, Evan doesn’t know if he ever will; he thinks a part of himself will be perpetually stuck in a puddle of blood with his best friends’ corpse. 

 

So, he stays each night to make sure Barty is actually okay and ensure nothing happens that he’s not there to stop.

 

He’s a liar, and it’s a feeble excuse. 

 

Because he missed this.

 

Because he missed him.

 

Because he’s a fool.

 

They don’t talk about the conversation they were going to have about what they were; they don’t talk about how Evan loves him and how he doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do. 

 

But this is nice.

 

Too nice.

 

It’s dangerous.

 

They don’t touch like they used to, they don’t kiss against the cupboards or straddle one another on the couch, but despite the distance, Evan can feel himself falling for the illusion again.

 

 

Barty loves that Evan is sleeping with him again.

 

He hates what his brain tells him it means to like it so much.

 

He loves that they haven’t had a conversation about them yet, and the one time Evan had tried, Barty had pretended he had a pain in his ribs, and Evan had panicked and forgot all about it. While a better man would feel guilty, Barty is in no way above using it again to avoid the conversation.

 

It’s not happening; not now, not ever.

 

There’s another Death Eater meeting a week into November, and the Dark Lord orders Evan and Barty to torture each other as punishment for not doing anything “great” at the last raid like he’d ordered. Even though that’s possibly the best outcome they could have hoped for, he still sees the split second of apology and regret in Evan’s eyes before he turns his wand on him. Barty doesn’t mind, though; it’s one of the weakest crucios Evan has ever cast on him, but the spell is all about intent, so despite its weakness, Evan still manages to hit him with the right balance of pleasure and pain. He screams while it's cast and laughs when it's finished, which makes people look at him and wonder if he’s turning into the next Bellatrix. 

 

He doesn’t want to be the next Bellatrix; he just wants to be Evan’s.

 

When he’s reciprocated the spell and the Dark Lord has approved of their punishment that he doesn’t know they regularly use as foreplay, they pull each other up off the floor and go back to their seats, subtly swallowing pepper up potions to wake themselves up and focus enough to listen to the Dark Lord drone on and on and on.

 

And then the meeting is over, and they all disapparate to Fort Augustus.

 

“Go home,” Evan is pleading, as much as he tries to hide it. “You just died at the last raid, don’t come to this one.”

 

“Come home with me then,” Barty replies.

 

“No, you go home. I’ll stay.”

 

Barty just smiles sweetly at him. “Where you go, I go, Evan. I’ll follow you anywhere, too, remember?”

 

 

Evan visibly falters as Barty says that.

 

I’ll follow you anywhere too.

 

The first time he told Barty that was an act of friendship, like a reassurance.

 

The second time he said that was an act of love, like a promise.

 

He needs more time than he’s going to be given to process why he said that and what that means. He’s still half stuck on lecturing Barty to go home before he can nearly die again when his eyes catch sight of someone in his peripheral vision, and the entire world narrows, so it’s just the two of them.

 

Evan Rosier.

 

Mad-Eye Moody.

 

He can’t focus on anything but the terror he’d felt, which has abruptly turned into a desperate need for vengeance. 

 

He wants him to hurt the same way Barty did.

 

He wants him to die the way Barty hadn’t.

 

His wand is already in his hand, so he points it directly at him and begins to cast.

 

Unsurprisingly, Moody reciprocates instantly, and it turns into a duel, a dark aura from the dark magic making the air feel heavy. He’s casting, casting, casting, helped by the fact that Barty has come with him, but he realises that right here, especially when he has to watch out for everyone else and deflect spells from other order members too, he has the horrifying realisation that he can’t win this duel.

 

But it’s too late to back down.

 

He glances to his side quickly and sees Barty, keeping his promise to follow him anywhere.

 

He wonders if he knows he may have just followed him to his death.

 

 

Barty knows this is not the time, but he wishes he could freeze the moment and throttle Evan and say, “what the fuck is wrong you, starting a duel with someone you know can’t beat? Didn’t you see what happened last time?”

 

He’s helping, or trying to at least, but he can tell Moody is gaining the upper hand, and he seems to have a shield most spells can’t pass through, and he knows the counter curses to the few spells they manage to hit him with.

 

They’re.

 

Not.

 

Winning.

 

Barty watches as Evan’s eyes flick rapidly between him and Moody, purely because he’s doing the same thing, except Evan seems to be holding himself ready for a specific moment.

 

Barty doesn’t know what moment he’s waiting for, but he needs to find it soon to get out of there alive.

 

The duel continues, the spells get darker, and the distance between them starts to close when all of a sudden, there’s a shout from Moody as Evan hits him in the eye with a spell. Evan uses the split second he’s distracted, not to run, but to reach into his pocket and pull out a marble.

 

A portkey. Barty never brings his anywhere, but so long as Evan has one.

 

So long as Evan gets out of here.

 

The time taken to grab the portkey meant that Evan didn’t have time to cast a shield to repel the stunner being sent their way from Moody, whose face is still bleeding. 

 

Barty watches as Evan watches the red light come towards them.

 

He watches Evan activate the portkey with a desperate spell, his eyes still fixed on the light coming closer, but Barty doesn’t care that it’s coming for them, not when Evan has a ticket away, not when Evan can get out of here, not when Evan will be safe. He’s preparing to get hit with the spell and fall unconscious when Evan pushes the marble into his hand, and the magic whisks him away against his will.

 

The last thing he sees before disappearing is a triumphant Moody standing over Evan’s unconscious body.

 

 

Barty lands in the living room of his flat, his heart racing in terror and his chest aching at the fucking betrayal, and he’ll curse and yell and scream at Evan when he gets back, but right now, he just needs to find him.

 

I’ll follow you anywhere, he had said, and so even though Evan will likely murder him if no one else manages it first, Barty apparates straight back to Fort Augustus to get Evan and either fight off Moody or force him to capture the pair of them and lock them up together except –

 

No one is there.

 

It must have been no more than ten seconds, but he supposes the Order wanted to interrogate their Death Eater as soon as possible.

 

Blood is on the ground, and fires are still burning in the distance, but Barty is alone.

 

I’ll follow you anywhere, he had said less than ten minutes ago.

 

Evan, let me find you.

 

He apparates to Malfoy Manor, to Lucius Malfoy, who has some fancy ministry position, which means he gets away with everything he does but can also find out everything.

 

Unless the Order doesn’t do things by the books.

 

Unless Evan is being tortured and waterboarded and interrogated now.

 

Unless he’s already dead –

 

“Mr Crouch?” Narcissa asks, coming out of one of the rooms into the foyer. “I wasn’t expecting a visit from you –“

 

“Is your husband here?” he asks, cutting her off, uncaring about how her eyebrows rise at his lack of manners. “Is Lucius here? I need to speak with him.”

 

She stares at him with her lips pursed in distaste, unconvinced.

 

“Please,” he asks, practically begging at this point. “It’s important. I’ll, well, you don’t need money, do you, and I don’t have anything to give, but I’ll do something in return, anything, just please –“

 

“Lucius is in the study,” she announces after a long moment. “Allow me to escort you to him," and they walk side by side in silence.

 

But Barty has never done silence very well.

 

“Why are you doing this? Why are you helping me?” he asks, despite her help being precisely what he’d wanted. 

 

She doesn’t hesitate to reply as she says sincerely, “you were always good to my cousin. You helped him, so I’ll help you.”

 

Barty glances over and sees a knowing expression in her eyes, but he doesn’t reply until she stops in front of a door and gestures at him to enter.

 

“Thank you,” he says, bracing himself to hear the news.

 

She nods at him, and Barty opens the door without knocking.

 

Lucius looks up, furious at being interrupted, but Barty can’t bring himself to care.

 

“It is courteous to knock –“

 

“Fuck courtesy, I need a favour –“

 

“And if all I ask for in return is courtesy? Then you’ve already lost –“

 

“Fuck’s sake, Malfoy. Help me or don’t help me. I need you to find out where the Order has taken Evan.”

 

“Rosier?”

 

“Yes!”

 

“Shameful being captured by the Order –“ he begins until Barty pulls his wand out and points it at Lucius’ neck, trying to remind himself that he can’t help him if he’s dead.

 

“Don’t say a fucking word about him,” he says tightly. “Just find him.”

 

“Narcissa brought you here, didn’t she?” he sighs, and Barty wonders if there's a correct answer.

 

“Yes?”

 

“Then you will receive a letter once I have arrived at work and asked the right questions to the right people –“

 

“That’s in seven hours! I need an answer now –“

 

“No, you need to learn how the world works. No one is awake now, suspicions would be raised, and I would achieve nothing –“

 

“If I’ve heard nothing by 9am, I’ll come to the Ministry myself,” he warns.

 

“If you do, I’ll send you to your father’s office,” Lucius counters and Barty glares at him.

 

Lucius stares back smugly, tilting his head.

 

“Fine.”

 

“Good.”

 

“You’re a fucking prick, Lucius.”

 

“I’ll collect that favour when I’ve decided what it is,” he replies, entirely unbothered. Barty doesn’t say goodbye as he walks out of the manor and returns to his and Evan’s flat.

 

And stresses.

 

And stresses.

 

And stresses.

 

He sits on Evan’s bed and wishes he were here.

 

When a large eagle owl arrives at 8.30 am, he’s endlessly grateful that Lucius kept his word until he sees the five words on the paper, and his life loses all colour.

 

Life in Azkaban- no trial.

 

Barty reads it, rereads it, rereads it again and then, for the first time since his mother died, he starts to cry.

 

Evan has gone to one place he can’t follow. He’s already lost Regulus, and now he’s never going to see Evan again because his father would instead order a dementors kiss than send him to Azkaban, so when he spots the bottle of firewhiskey resting on the nightstand, he unscrews the bottle and starts to drink.

 

 

Evan wakes up on a cold, damp floor and tries to find a blanket. Or a jacket. Or anything to take the chill away.

 

And then he sees a dementor and gets even colder.

 

So he’s in Azkaban.

 

Fuck. That’s bad.

 

But when he asks around, everyone says they haven’t seen Barty.

 

That’s good.

 

Barty is safe; he can go find someone he actually likes, live a good life and not just indulge Evan, who will rot away in this prison until he’s nothing more than a distant memory.

 

That’s good for Barty, fucking terrible for Evan, and he thinks about this a lot.

 

It’s not a happy thought, so the dementors can’t take it away from him.

 

On the fourth day, after he’s asked Corban Yaxley if Barty has been arrested and he screams back, “the answer hasn’t fucking changed, Rosier,” Evan wonders if he’s losing his mind.

 

He’s losing feeling in his fingertips.

 

He’s losing all track of time.

 

He’s losing memories with Barty.

 

It wouldn’t surprise him to know he’s losing himself too.

 

The food is bland, the cell is bland, the clothes are bland, and there’s nothing to do but stare at the cell walls and watch droplets of water drip slowly through the cracks.

 

When the dementors do their daily sweep through the prison interior, there’s supposed to be a guard that goes with them, their patronus offering slight protection to the prisoners, but on what Evan thinks is day 6, four dementors float through on their own and stop to enter the cells and do whatever dementors do.

 

When they get to his, he creeps backwards until his back is against the wall, trying to wedge himself into the corner, but there’s nowhere to hide. A dementor strokes one finger across his face, and his entire body shudders violently as he throws up everything he’s eaten that day.

 

He feels weak, cold and like his brain isn’t working right. He thinks there’s something he needs to do or say or think, but he can’t remember.

 

He doesn’t know anything except what it feels like to be cold.

 

The dementors hover around him in his cell for what feels like hours until, eventually, a patronus elephant chases them away, and the abrupt change from cold to warm and back to cold makes him throw up again.

 

His head is pounding, his arms are shaking, he can hear his teeth chattering against each other, and he wonders if things can get any worse.

 

Then the hallucinations begin.

 

 

Barty wakes up two weeks after Evan got arrested with what is about to be the worst hangover of his life.

 

“Can’t be hungover if you never stop drinking,” he reminds himself, but as he reaches towards another bottle of firewhiskey by the bed, he freezes and wonders if he’s still drunk.

 

Because his Dark Mark is gone.

 

He ignores the firewhiskey calling his name and stumbles through his house to find a sobering and a hangover potion before looking at his arm again.

 

It’s still not there.

 

He has a shower, runs the water cold, forces himself to wake up and looks down again.

 

No Dark Mark.

 

There are only two ways it could have possibly disappeared, and he knows it’s not the Dark Lord releasing him from a lifetime of servitude, so he disapparates towards the one person he knows who would’ve been able to manage it.

 

It’s all a blur, all a nervous, excited, and utterly furious blur that has him screaming obscenities through Grimmauld Place until he sees his ex-boyfriend-but-now-best-friend coming down the staircase with his lips curled up at the corners, malnourished and tired but unmistakeably alive.

 

“Regulus Black, I’m going to fucking murder you.”
Chapter 37: Rosekiller Interlude (part three): A disaster
Summary:

    Miscommunication, denial, and irrefutable evidence

Notes:

    part three :)))

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

They kiss. They fuck. They do it desperately, like they’ve gone too long without, and they’re worried they’ve already forgotten each other, and it’s good; it always has been with Regulus, but when it’s over, it’s over.

 

It’s just friendship sex.

 

One glance at Regulus tells him he feels the same.

 

“Wasn’t that nice,” he says amusedly, peering down from where he’s lying on his chest, and Barty can almost forget the utter turmoil he’s spent the past 2 weeks in while he’s lying in the double afterglow of a good shag and having his best friend back.

 

Barty shoves him off the couch, shaking his head, but Regulus only laughs.

 

Barty thinks Regulus looks like shit; he’s more unhealthy and malnourished than he’s ever seen, but he’s still Regulus Black, so he’s automatically the hottest boy he’s ever seen.

 

“No one ever fucked me like you do, Reg,” Barty grins. “These past 3 years haven’t changed a thing –“

 

“These past years have changed an awful lot,” Regulus replies dryly, which causes Barty to lose most of his amusement and feel anger and annoyance instead.

 

“I’m fucked off,” he says sharply, his annoyance only manifesting as Regulus’ lips curl up at the corners again. “Not only did you not tell me you regretted joining the cause we signed up for together, you made me grieve for you –“

 

“Aww, did you miss me, Barty” Regulus shoots back, looking dangerously close to laughter, and Barty shoves him to the other side of the couch in frustration.

 

He sure as hell doesn’t miss him right now.

 

"Yes, you prick,” he hisses, “and so did Evan. Not that you evidently stayed alive enough to care about him, but he's missing. Or, he got arrested by aurors, but I don't know if they'll ever let him out."

 

"Evan?" Regulus asks, panicked, "What did Evan do to get caught?"

 

"Gouged out Moody's face,” he says absentmindedly, thinking about the last 2 weeks of solitude and the betrayal still heavy in his chest. “Think he lost an eye but couldn't really care less. I’m sure Dumbledore ordered his –" 

 

"I can get him out," Regulus interrupts. "I'm going to get Dumbledore to let him out –"

 

Barty never thought it possible to truly hate Regulus, but he thinks he does now; a traitor is one thing but a spy, a Gryffindor lover, a….  

 

"Do not tell me you were working for Dumbledore this whole time, Reg. I swear to Merlin I will murder you –"

 

Regulus flips them over, shoves Barty against the arm of the couch and presses on his windpipe.

 

"Don't you ever say that to me again," Regulus replies murderously. "I. Would. Never. That fucking prick owes me a favour for ending the war for him, which is the only reason I'm going to him in the first place and –"

 

Barty’s brain short-circuits. "What?"

 

"Will you ever say I beg your pardon like a proper pureblood?"

 

"Reg shut the fuck up. What do you mean you ended the war?"

 

The last Barty knew, the war was still going when he went into his drown my sorrows and pity myself bender. However, now he thinks about it, no summons in two weeks is unusual…

 

Instead of giving him an actual answer, Regulus starts laughing hysterically and pauses long enough to choke out, “I killed Voldemort,” before he sets himself off again. 

 

The only reason that Barty believes him is because he said Voldemort. 

 

Not the Dark Lord like a Death Eater. Not you-know-who like someone on the light side.

 

Voldemort.

 

Like he saw him as his equal. Or since it’s Regulus, as someone inferior to him, as someone he could kill.

 

Barty thinks he should be more surprised.

 

“Of course you fucking did,” he mutters, leaning against the back of the sofa; the pure exhilaration of having Regulus back from the dead dulled slightly with the painful absence of Evan.

 

 

“There’s an Order meeting tonight,” Regulus tells him after dinner, and Barty looks up instantly.

 

“That’s where you’re blackmailing Dumbledore to get Evan out, right?” he checks, and Regulus grins, but his eyes promise danger.

 

“Something like that,” he says darkly before warning Barty not to leave the house and telling him he’ll return soon.

 

“Soon” ends up being over 2 hours, and Barty is snooping unashamedly through Grimmauld Place, bored out of his mind, so he’s relieved when he hears the floo chime.

 

He’s even more relieved when he only hears it once, which means Regulus is here and the Gryffindors are not. He hopes it stays that way, and he doesn’t want to come across as desperate as he goes to meet him, but he is, and he needs to know, has to know –

 

“I’m getting him at 8am tomorrow. Only 10 hours until he’s back –“

 

“What? Evan? You’re actually getting him out?” Barty blurts out, his fingertips going numb from the shock and relief because Azkaban is a fortress, and the only way Barty would have seen Evan again, is if he’d got himself locked up too; the thought had crossed his mind far too many times to be rational.

 

Regulus looks at him like he can’t believe the words came out of his mouth. “Of course I am. It’s Evan.”

 

Barty agrees, it’s Evan, but somehow, he thinks those two words mean two different things to him and Regulus.

 

They sit on the couch, and Regulus begins his recount of the entire Order meeting, and when the floo chimes 3 times when he’s halfway through, he and Regulus sigh and walk up the stairs in unison.

 

“Reggie?” they hear, coming from the living room. “Are you back? You did come back, right?”

 

“Fuck off, Sirius,” Regulus yells back, rolling his eyes, and Barty just shakes his head in amusement; with the exception of Regulus actually talking to his brother now, he’s exactly the same, and it’s like the past 3 years never even happened.

 

“He’s so fucking annoying,” Regulus mutters in annoyance, and Barty can feel himself grinning before he can stop it.

 

“You know I’ll always –“

 

“You touch him, and you’re dead –“ but Barty only laughs, especially as Regulus shoves down the flight of stairs, walks into his room and slams the door.

 

Barty follows him anyways, and Regulus frowns at him but doesn’t make him leave, and they both just get into the bed and stare at each other.

 

“We’re not still dating, are we?” Barty hears himself ask slowly, wondering if this is sending mixed signals, getting into bed with his ex who he never officially broke up with after spending all afternoon fucking each other.

 

Regulus only seems amused at the thought. “No, sorry to disappoint.”

 

“You could never disappoint me as much as I could my father,” he replies cheerfully, and Regulus yanks the pillow out from under his head and tries to smother him with it.

 

Barty doesn’t understand how something can feel so familiar when everything has changed.

 

 

Regulus falls asleep fairly quickly, which doesn’t surprise Barty at all because he looks worse than he did the summer after his brother ran away, which means he’s probably constantly exhausted and is refusing to let himself feel it until it becomes too great to ignore.

 

Barty doesn’t sleep at all and just lies awake, watching Regulus and thinking about Evan.

 

His thoughts go in three different directions.

 

The first is, what the fuck is his life? What is he doing lying in bed watching his ex sleep because he still can’t believe he’s real, the very same ex who he just had the least emotional break up with in human history with, who ended a war, got rid of their Dark Marks and is now going to get Evan out of the unbreakable prison like it’s nothing?

 

The second thought is will this be him tomorrow night when Evan gets out? Sharing a bed with him again, seeing him again, becoming Evan and Barty again instead of just Barty. And Evan.

 

The third thought is the reason he can’t sleep at all. What if Evan doesn’t come back? What if Regulus can’t get out? What if Regulus gets locked up, too, when he just got him back?

 

He knows this sounds awful, and he’d never say it out loud to him, but the past 3 years have shown him that he can live without Regulus. It wasn’t fun, and he’d rather have had him, but he could do it.

 

The last three weeks have shown him that he needs Evan like oxygen.

 

And he’s suffocating.

 

The only distraction from his thoughts comes at about 3am when Regulus shoots upright, gasping, his eyes flitting around frantically until he sees Barty and seems to realise where he is. Barty assumes it was a nightmare, but he can’t help how his lips twitch at how embarrassed Regulus looks about it.

 

“Stop laughing, or I’ll smother you in your sleep.”

 

“I couldn’t think of a better way to go,” he replies saccharinely, and Regulus huffs and flops back down, decidedly not facing Barty, and it doesn’t take long to drift off again.

 

Barty still can’t manage it, but eventually, Regulus wakes up properly, his entire body stiffening again before he realises where he is, and Barty wonders how much more trauma he got from the war; his childhood was more than what most people read about in their lifetime, let alone experience.

 

“You’re still getting Evan out, right?” he checks, voicing the same thought that’s been whirling through his mind all night, and Regulus gives him a cross look and then walks into his wardrobe to get dressed.

 

He’s in what Regulus calls his tailored formalwear and what Barty calls his suck-up robes, and Barty still can’t get how eerily reminiscent of sixth-year everything is.

 

“Are you –“

 

“I’m going now.”

 

“To get Evan?”

 

Regulus just rolls his eyes and disapparates, leaving Barty to get up and spend the morning sitting alone in the sitting room, waiting for him to return. He wouldn’t have minded if the Gryffindors came and sat with him because then he could annoy and curse some of them to distract him, but the only one who talked to him was Sirius, who had walked in, muttered “fucking Crouch” and then walked back out again.

 

It was a long night of waiting, an even longer morning, and he sits there restlessly until the crack of apparation sounds. He sees Regulus looking even worse than yesterday, slightly pale and exhausted, and Barty wonders if he had to fight his way out.

 

He leaves Sirius to deal with Regulus, though, because behind Regulus is…

 

“Evan.”

 

 

Evan sits under the stream of water in the shower, watching as the water going down the drain swirls from brown to grey to clear; he thinks if he turns the water any hotter, he’ll burn his skin, so he doesn’t know why he still feels cold.

 

He waves his hand, forcing the bathroom light to get even brighter, almost blinding, but if he’s blinded, he can’t see the shadows that look far too similar to dementors talons wrapping around the bars of his cell and threatening to tilt his head back and kiss him.

 

Nothing is making sense, mostly notably Regulus, because where the hell had he come from?

 

He still hasn’t decided if Regulus is alive or if they’re both dead.

 

He feels like his brain is swamped in golden syrup, and no matter how hard he tries, it won’t quite catch up to the present moment. He can’t quite figure out what’s going on or how he got here or where here even is, and now he’s wondering if he’s going insane and if he even went to Azkaban at all.

 

He doesn’t think he could’ve dreamt up coldness like that, though, so after coming to the realisation that the only time he’s ever been without Barty was while he was in Azkaban, he figures if he can find Barty, he can prove to himself that he’s out.

 

He finds him in the bedroom attached to the bathroom, sitting oddly anxiously on the edge of the bed. He squints at him, trying to see if Barty looks shimmery like a hallucination or if he’s actually real.

 

“Evan…?”

 

“It sounds like you,” he mutters before he steps forward and grips Barty’s forearm, and he feels himself soften in relief.

 

“Good, you’re warm. You’re real.”

 

Unlike Evan, who is pleasantly reassured, Barty looks terrified.

 

“Why wouldn’t you think I was real?” he says hesitantly, still staring at Evan like one wrong move will break him, and it takes Evan a long time to make his brain find an answer.

 

“Azkaban was designed to make you lose your mind,” he begins slowly. “If you don’t know your left from right, you won’t make a very good criminal, will you? They take away your happy memories, leaving you to hallucinate new ones until you don’t know what is real. What am I supposed to think after being sent to Azkaban expecting to never see sunlight again, and then my best friend I thought was dead for 3 years just shows up and frees me? You can’t tell me that sounds more real than fictitious,” he finishes, doubting himself again and reaching for Barty’s arm again to ground himself.

 

Barty still looks horrified, but also like he wants to murder someone, but the latter is a familiar look that only reassures him further that he's out.

 

“So you don’t know if I’m real or not?” Barty asks, looking like he’d hate to know the answer.

 

Evan shakes his head. “You’re warm, Barty; that means you’re real. Nothing was warm in Azkaban, so I can’t have hallucinated you.”

 

His explanation makes perfect sense, so he can’t figure out why Barty is still looking at him like he can’t believe he’s real either, but he’s too tired to try to make sense of it.

 

It’s midday; it should be when he’s most productive, but instead, he feels like he’s about to collapse. He lies down on top of the covers and can already feel himself drifting off, the pure exuberance of the bed leaving him unable to resist the gentle pull towards unconsciousness.

 

“I missed you,” Barty whispers to him, and Evan doesn’t know if he was supposed to hear that, but he tries to reply anyway.

 

“They take away all your happy memories in Azkaban.”

 

“I missed you,” Barty repeats, grabbing his hand, and Evan opens his eyes and forces out one more sentence before sleep pulls him under.

 

 “Barty,” he whispers. “I think I almost forgot you.”

 

 

Barty doesn’t know if he’s ever really been scared before now.

 

He thought he had been when he was six and found a boggart in his father’s study, and he thought he'd been scared when he was eleven hoping the sorting hat wouldn’t put him in Ravenclaw, exactly where his father wanted him to go.

 

He thought he’d been scared before, but he’s never been scared like this; the thrill of having Evan back dulled by the terror of losing him again, leaving Evan lying asleep under the covers, Barty over them, holding his hand.

 

He tells himself it’s so if Evan wakes up, he’ll know Barty is warm.

 

He tries to ignore what else his brain is telling him.

 

He thinks he’s starting to understand Evan’s response after he got cursed last month.

 

Regulus comes in half an hour later to check on them, and his eyes narrow at Evan, making Barty leap to his defence until he sees what’s behind Regulus’ mask.

 

Stress. Worry. Fear.

 

“I’m going to brew him a potion,” Regulus says tightly. “And once he’s sorted out his head, we’re going to kill whoever did this to him.”

 

Barty smiles for the first time all day.

 

 

Evan wakes up disorientated because he’s warm and comfortable and thinking of Barty, which hasn’t happened in a while.

 

He looks up to see Barty watching him, though, eerily reminiscent of the time six weeks ago when their positions were reversed, but he still doesn’t know why Barty feels the need to hover.

 

“Why are you here?” he asks simply, wondering why Barty is here because he clearly hasn’t slept and he’s just, watching him? 

 

Barty doesn’t seem to have an answer.

 

“Because.”

 

“Because why?”

 

“Fuck, I’ll go if you’re going to be a shit about it,” Barty snaps, even though he doesn’t make any indication of actually going anywhere. Evan goes to reach for him until he realises he’s already holding his hand.

 

“Don’t,” he says, before adding a much quieter, “I don’t mind if you stay.”

 

It’s a bit awkward after that, especially since his reason for saying it is different to how Barty will interpret it, but eventually, he gets up and pulls on a sweatshirt just for something to do.

 

“We have to go see Regulus,” Barty announces.

 

“Says who?” 

 

Barty gives him an amused yet unimpressed look in response. “Says Regulus.” 

 

Evan rolls his eyes and mirrors the look.

 

Even though everything has changed overnight, and he still can’t make sense of most of what’s happening, at least Regulus is consistent.

 

He is, rather predictably, in the potions lab attached to the library, and even though Evan hadn’t been expecting a party and crying from Regulus, having seen him again for the first time in years, he’s not expecting his first lucid conversation with him to be a distracted “shut up and sit down” before he goes back to whatever he’s doing.

 

“So sweet, isn’t –“

 

“Barty!”

 

They both sit quietly while Regulus works and play the game they used to in long Death Eater meetings where they see how much they can annoy or hurt each other without Regulus noticing. It honestly has a lot higher stakes than playing it in front of the Dark Lord, and Evan wins when he kicks Barty in the shin while elbowing him in the ribs, which makes him squawk in surprise.

 

Regulus’ head shoots up, and he glares at them in genuine annoyance, and the pair last all of 2 seconds of faux repentance until they’re howling with laughter.

 

It isn’t until the laughter dies down that Evan realises it’s the first time he’s laughed in almost 3 weeks, making him feel warm again.

 

Regulus shakes his head, but his lips keep twitching slightly, so Barty and Evan resume their game until Regulus finally pours the potion into a vial and looks up.

 

“This should fix your memories, Evan, or improve them at least until I can make it better,” he tells him, passing over the dark orange vial and another six other potions that Evan recognises to be a nutrition potion, pepper-up potion and four others that Regulus doesn’t let him refuse.

 

“What are these, Healer Regulus?” he asks mockingly.

 

“Potions.”

 

“Called?”

 

“I don’t know, I haven’t named them all yet,” he huffs impatiently, and Evan thinks it makes sense how Regulus ended the war when he literally created a potion for a problem no one has ever tried to solve in less than 4 hours.

 

He quickly downs the potions, amused that Regulus has flavoured half of them, and when he looks over at Barty, he almost seems to be sulking.

 

“Where are my potions? Maybe I want to feel included –“ Barty begins petulantly, but he’s cut off by Regulus pressing his fingers together and hissing, “I am this close to shoving a draught of living death down your throat.”

 

Evan winces, Barty laughs, and Regulus rolls his eyes and starts clearing up the equipment.

 

It feels like sixth year all over again.

 

 

Barty doesn’t think Evan is back to normal, but he’s better. His standards are that Evan doesn’t lose touch with reality and need something to ground himself for the rest of the afternoon, but he counts it as a win anyways. After dinner with the Gryffindors, which he found far more amusing than he should have, Evan says he’s going to bed. Regulus frowns and gives him 3 more potions before he goes upstairs, and Barty follows him.

 

Evan enters the bedroom he’d already slept in earlier today, and Barty follows him.

 

Evan gets into the bed, and Barty follows him there too.

 

“What are you doing, Barty?” he asks, something confused and breathless and afraid in his voice all at once.

 

Barty doesn’t know how to phrase I’m terrified if I leave you alone, then you’ll disappear again, and I’m scared to sleep for the exact same reason in a way that doesn’t sound obsessive or concerning.

 

“It’s just for tonight,” he says instead, trying to find a reason to justify it. “In case something happens.”

 

He’s surprised that Evan doesn’t protest and almost looks relieved.

 

“Yeah, okay. Just for tonight.”

 

 

It’s the same the next night.

 

And the night after that.

 

And the night after that.

 

They spend some time with Regulus, some alone together, and that’s how it is now; they’re always together.

 

It’s almost like it was before Barty almost died and before Evan got arrested, except there’s a grey cloud of memories that is hanging over their heads, and they still haven’t talked about them.

 

Who they are.

 

What they are.

 

But there are other distractions in the name of trauma.

 

It starts one evening when they go for a walk to escape the stuffiness of the house. Regulus is busy with some conversation with his brother, but he still tells them to not draw attention to themselves, which ruins any plans for raiding.

 

Instead, they just walk, peering through the windows of the muggle shops and trying to figure out how everything at the muggle playground works, and it’s relieving and freeing until it starts to rain.

 

It’s winter, so the rain is cold.

 

It’s cold, it’s too cold, and Evan is back in Azkaban before he’s even realised what’s happened.

 

“No,” he mutters, the shivering he’d gone so long without returning in full force. “No, no, no, not here again.” He thinks happy thoughts are meant to make people feel warm, are supposed to drive away the dementors, but when he tries to think of Barty, the only image his brain can find is what almost became his corpse.

 

Something touches his shoulder, and he jolts back before he can feel what it is; he already knows.

 

But how did the dementor get inside his cell? The only time they ever do that is –

 

Fuck.

 

The kiss.

 

“I’m not ready to die,” he whispers.

 

The dementor grabs his arm before he can run away, and he can’t yank it free no matter how hard he tries and he can’t breathe, and he can’t see, and his entire body is being squashed, and this must be what getting the kiss feels like, and –

 

There’s nothing.

 

Nothing.

 

Nothing at all.

 

His mind is empty.

 

Twenty-four minutes later, the world blinks into alarming clarity as he finds himself fully dressed, sitting under the hot shower in their bathroom with Barty frowning worriedly at him.

 

If Evan wasn’t already slumped against the wall, he would have slammed his head back into it and hoped for unconsciousness.

 

“Fuck,” he mutters, scowling at the ground and stupidly feeling like he might cry; he can’t believe he just had a panic attack over the fucking rain.

 

“Evan?” he hears Barty say hesitantly, but he ignores him; he’s too embarrassed to face anyone right now and –

 

“Shit, I’ll get Regulus –“

 

“Don’t!”

 

“Evan, are you here or not?”

 

It’s a tricky question to answer, really. He’s awake from whatever episode he just had, but it also drained his already limited energy, making him get closer and closer to falling asleep in the shower. He distantly thinks drowning would be the least of his worries right now.

 

“Evan!”

 

“Brains here,” he hears himself say. “Just tired.” 

 

He hears a huff of breath, and then the shower stops, and he’s being hauled upright. Then his clothes are dry, and he’s dropped on the bed, but he’s still cold, even under the covers.

 

Then the bed dips, and Barty gets in, reaching for Evan and pulling him against his chest.

 

Now Evan is on fire.

 

This is everything he wants, but he doesn’t know why he’s getting it.

 

“What are we doing, Barty?” he whispers.

 

“It’s just for tonight,” he replies.

 

Déjà vu. 

 

It’s a lie, he knows how this ends, but it doesn’t stop him from falling asleep to the sound of Barty’s racing heartbeat.

 

 

Evan wakes up, still warm and with his head still on Barty’s chest.

 

It’s nice for all of three seconds until he remembers how they got here, and then he squeezes his eyes shut.

 

Fuck.

 

He’s a Death Eater. He’s a Rosier. He can’t go around crying every time the temperature drops below 10 degrees and doesn’t understand why he’s the one who went to Azkaban, but now he’s being punished by Merlin himself for getting out.

 

He wonders if the news of his release has been published in the Prophet yet. He wonders what his parents will think; they’ll probably be ashamed he needed help but pleased he had a strong enough alliance with Regulus to get him out.

 

But what the fuck will Barty think? Barty, who prides himself on being limitless and unstoppable, and Evan just wants him to like him back? Him, someone who has just found the most ridiculous limit possible.

 

Because who the fuck gets triggered into panic attacks and flashbacks by cold weather and lives in London?

 

It’s only November, the worst of winter is yet to arrive, and he has the genuine thought that he’d rather go back to Azkaban and lose his mind in privacy than have everyone watch him as he unravels.

 

“Fuck,” he mutters out loud.

 

“Evan?”

 

“Have you been watching me sleep?!” he cries, almost jolting in fright, but Barty only looks confused.

 

“You woke up forty minutes ago.”

 

That means Barty has been lying awake and holding him for who knows how long.

 

“That literally only makes it weirder,” he tells him, but he doesn’t move, and Barty doesn’t let go.

 

“Are you okay?” Barty asks carefully, and Evan laughs bitterly.

 

“Fucking look at me, Barty, what looks okay about this?” and he stupidly feels almost hysterical with his panic attack in the front of his mind and the way he feels Barty’s heart speed up isn’t helping at all and –

 

“Well, you’ve got me,” Barty says quietly. “Always you and me, remember? So how bad can things be?”

 

Evan sucks in a sharp breath and wishes Barty meant those words how Evan wants him to.

 

But the illusion is back and he’ll take what he can get, so he closes his eyes and lets himself bask in the moment for a while longer.

 

“Yeah, Barty,” he says, smiling slightly. “I’ve got you.”

 

 

Evan feels Barty watching him throughout breakfast and the rest of the morning.

 

Unsurprisingly, Regulus notices instantly.

 

“What happened to you?” he asks bluntly, not skipping around the question, and Evan pauses, not quite knowing what to say, which only makes him seem more incriminating.

 

“Nothing.”

 

“Bullshit,” Regulus and Barty scoff in tandem, and then Regulus looks at Barty.

 

“What happened to him?”

 

“It’s his to tell you.”

 

“Well, he’s not telling me anything –“

 

“Because it’s none of your fucking business!” Evan shouts, and Regulus’ eyes narrow before his entire face scrunches up, and he says, seemingly reluctantly, “if you’re hurt, then I’ll make it my business, Evan.”

 

Evan feels his lips twitch, purely at the annoyance Regulus delivers any remotely heartfelt sentence with.

 

“I told you he was sweet –“

 

“Shut up!” 

 

Regulus scowls while Barty and Evan laugh at him, but Evan stops laughing when Regulus says, “you can’t distract me from the question, Evan. What happened?”

 

Evan sighs and knows Regulus won’t give up until he’s gotten the truth.

 

“Have you ever had, you know, a panic attack?” he asks, mumbling the last part of the sentence like he’s confessing a sin.

 

“No,” Regulus denies instantly. “Maybe, but this is about you; when did it happen?”

 

Evan thinks about it again, swears he can feel the cold from the rain soaking through his skin, and then he feels Barty’s hand slip into his own under the table, chasing the chill away.

 

“I think I’m scared of the cold,” he blurts out, wincing at how fucking stupid it sounds, but the first thing Regulus does is twist around and cast incendio at the fireplace, bathing the room in possibly a bit too much heat, but it makes Evan relax.

 

He knows Regulus notices.

 

He hates it.

 

“Because of Azkaban?”

 

“What do you think?” he replies incredulously, and Regulus just gives him a flat look in response.

 

“Being a bitch is Barty’s thing, Evan. Acting like him is self-degradation.”

 

Evan is grateful Regulus doesn’t seem to pity him.

 

“So it’s a trigger,” Regulus says, continuing the conversation. “That means we’ll keep the house warm and won’t let you get cold. How are your memories?”

 

“Fine if I’m not cold,” he replies tightly, feeling uncomfortable, and Regulus just nods.

 

“The Black family has properties in the Mediterranean, 6 in France, 2 in Italy and 1 in Cyprus if going there will help,” he announces before hesitating for a moment and saying carefully, “Barty can go with you of course –“

 

“Why would Barty come with me?” he blurts out instantly, hoping Regulus hasn’t noticed, hoping he can’t see –

 

“Why wouldn’t I come with you?” Barty argues. “I’d follow you anywhere, remember? Except you fucking left me –“

 

“To protect you –“

 

“In a fucking betrayal!”

 

Both of their heads snap towards the door as they hear it close and feel a silencing spell cast over them, and then they turn back to each other, ready for a fight.

 

 

“Me and you,” Barty says, clearly enunciating as he glares at Evan. “That’s what we agreed back in seventh year, and how the fuck is it supposed to be me and you if you send me away?”

 

“To protect you!” Evan retorts. “I won’t apologise for saving your life –“

 

“At the cost of your own –“

 

“I’m not fucking dead –“

 

“You would’ve been if it weren’t for Regulus –“

 

“Well, I’m here now, so what’s the fucking problem?!”

 

Barty has Evan shoved against the wall before he realises what’s happening as he screams, “the problem is I thought I’d lose my fucking mind without you! The second you forced me onto the portkey, I disapparated straight back to you, and you were gone, and I owe a favour to fucking Malfoy for finding out where you were and I’m still terrified I’ll wake up and you’ll be gone –“

 

“Which is exactly how I felt after you stepped in front of the curse for me –“

 

“To protect you!”

 

“Which is what I did to you –“

 

“You’re so fucking infuriating –“

 

Barty doesn’t know which of them moves first, who yanks who closer, who gets who’s shirt off faster, but fuck if it doesn’t feel good having Evan like this again, tasting him, touching him, feeling him –

 

“I’m still fucked off at you,” Evan gasps. “You’re still –“

 

“Yeah, fuck, me too,” he replies, barely able to think of anything else except Evan, who doesn’t pull away or make him stop, but Barty isn’t going to stop unless he makes him.

 

He can’t deny it now, though; this isn’t what best friends do.

 

“We need to talk,” Evan says weakly, trying one more time, but Barty just pushes him onto the couch and straddles his thighs, fumbling with the clasp on his jeans.

 

“Later. We’ll talk later.”

 

Later ends up being at night as they get into bed, and the civil conversation declines rapidly into shouting, which turns into this.

 

Again.

 

Barty couldn’t be happier.

 

 

Evan can’t tell if they’re having hate sex or not, but he also finds that he doesn’t really care.

 

He’s annoyed at Barty; every time he looks at him, he wants to shout at him as much as he wants to kiss him, and it's 50/50 as to which side of himself wins out. Whatever he does, Barty is the constant throughout it all.

 

He annoys the Gryffindors and probably annoys Regulus, too, even though it isn’t always on purpose, but every other thought in his head is about Barty.

 

Barty. Barty. Barty.

 

That’s why the sight of his parent's owl gives him a genuine fright as it flies through the window one morning, dropping a letter on his lap because he already knows exactly what it’ll be about.

 

He unfolds the parchment and braces himself for the contents.

 

My darling Evan,

 

We read in the paper about your trip to Azkaban and how you’re now released, and your father and I are desperate to see you. You haven’t been home for months, and now with this whole ordeal, we miss you more than ever.

 

I know that Melanie is undoubtedly missing you too, and myself and Mrs Fawley have been discussing another luncheon where we can meet her siblings too and get to know the family you are about to join.

 

You know what our routines are, you know when we’re home, so come and visit soon so we can see you; I’m sure you’re with Melanie, so know she is always welcome to come over too, with or without you.

 

See you soon,

Love mum.

 

When he looks up from the letter, he sees Barty and Regulus both unashamedly holding their hands out, wanting to read the letter too, but he merely casts incendio and goes back to eating his toast, ignoring their raised eyebrows.

 

“What was that about?” Barty asks, intrigued at what could have set off such a reaction.

 

Evan just shakes his head and forces all thoughts of his parents and Melanie and courting out of his mind.

 

“Just family stuff, nothing important.”

 

 

Barty comes up with the perfect idea to cheer everyone up. 

 

Regulus has had some fight or heart-to-heart with his brother, Evan is fresh out of Azkaban, and Barty loves nothing more than revenge and murder on a Sunday morning. 

 

Unfortunately, this plan begins with James Potter.

 

Fortunately, Barty knows how much Potter dislikes him, which makes the entire thing much more entertaining.

 

He’s in the kitchen making breakfast when he hears footsteps behind him and smiles, knowing Potter would have been the one to bring his peasant friends food and conveniently leave him in the same room as Barty.

 

“Hello,” Potter says politely, if not a bit awkwardly.

 

“Potter, sit,” Barty orders, gesturing to a chair and outright grinning and Potter’s outraged expression.

 

“I’m not a dog!” he cries indignantly, but Barty has the upper hand here.

 

“Do you want me to tell Regulus you helped me or not?” he asks, and James barely hesitates before sitting at the table.

 

“I’m sat.”

 

“Good boy,” he replies condescendingly, smirking at how James’ face screws up in outrage again.

 

“What do you want, Crouch,” he bites out, and Barty smiles again.

 

“In exchange for telling Regulus about you, I want you to tell me who got Evan sent to Azkaban without a trial. I know you’re in the Order, and your father is Head Auror, so I know you know.”

 

He doesn’t expect James’ initial reaction to be guilt.

 

Or pity.

 

“Potter,” he warns, even if he doesn’t know exactly what for.

 

“Apart from Dumbledore, only one other person had a strong influence on it,” James begins slowly. “He was the one who suggested Rosier get locked up for life, and Dumbledore agreed. They both decided it wasn't necessary for a trial; it almost seemed like he had, you know, an ulterior motive.”

 

“Potter,” he warns again.

 

“I’m sorry.”

 

Barty thinks he knows where this is going.

 

He doesn’t want to hear it.

 

“Tell me.”

 

“I’m sorry.”

 

“Tell me!” 

 

“It’s just –“

 

“Potter!”

 

James Potter looks at him, a literal ex-Death Eater, with pity as he says hesitantly, “it was your dad.”

 

Barty turns around and walks straight out of the room, wondering if he inherited his flair for big gestures from his father.

 

 

It’s easier than it should be to kill him, especially while he’s tied up and defenceless, and Evan and Regulus all have their wands.

 

Patricide.

 

A fancy word for a simple curse.

 

A burst of green light and he’s an orphan.

 

Regulus telling his father they fucked. Evan whispering something in his ear.

 

Eight words from his father that he can’t get out of his head.

 

He doesn’t care that his father wouldn’t call him his son; he knows he hasn’t been that for a long time, but what he said as his final words.

 

“Your mother would be so disappointed in you.” 

 

Barty honestly doesn’t know if she would be, thinks maybe a part of her would be proud, and thinks his father never really knew her at all. He wonders if she’s hoping she’ll see him again or praying he goes to hell.

 

“Welcome to the dead parents club,” Regulus says amusedly, jolting Barty out of his stupor, and he blinks a couple of times, taking a last look at his father’s corpse and wondering what it says about him to feel nothing.

 

“Let’s celebrate,” he replies, and Regulus grins at him as they return to Grimmauld Place.

 

 

Evan watches Regulus go to his room to shower, amusedly watching as James Potter’s eyes track him every step of the way. When Barty goes to wash his father's blood off his body, Evan looks down at his equally blood-covered clothes and decides to treat himself today, blaming it on Barty needing comfort that he hasn’t made any indication of wanting, as he follows him into the shower.

 

“Hello,” Barty says, his lips quirking upwards as he watches Evan undress and then come under the spray of water to him.

 

“Hello,” he replies, wrapping his arms around Barty’s neck.

 

“Hello,” Barty repeats, grinning as he leans forward, and it’s a gentle kiss, almost tender, as they alternate between making out and washing the blood off their bodies. Despite Evan's claims to have joined him to conserve water, they’re in there for well over 40 minutes when they hear a loud knock on the door.

 

Regulus.

 

“Stop fucking and come celebrate with me,” he shouts, which makes them break apart hastily, make awkward eye contact and then leave the shower, pointedly not looking at each other.

 

“How does he know?” Barty hisses, staring at a point next to Evan’s left ear, and Evan really doesn’t want to bring up the fact he’s in love with him, and Regulus knows all about it.

 

“Fuck if I know,” he says instead, but Barty still seems agitated.

 

Or ashamed. Of him?

 

“We’re not obvious, are we?” he asks, oblivious to Evan’s internal drama. “No one looks at us and thinks we’re –“

 

“We’re what?”

 

Barty visibly falters before his expression darkens again. “Fuck, we’re not talking about this again –“

 

“We never have talked about it!”

 

“We’ve tried –“

 

“Not very well –“

 

“Well, do you want to try now?”

 

“Sure, we’ll have a fucking conversation then –“

 

They both break off abruptly as the door swings open, and Regulus walks in, giving them both judgemental glances before he rolls his eyes at the tension in the room.

 

“Fuck, you both need a drink,” is all he says before turning around, the unspoken order to follow him, and Evan sighs as they trudge after him.

 

“This isn’t over,” he hisses to Barty.

 

“Of course it’s not,” Barty shoots back in annoyance. Then they wince as Regulus smacks them both on the hand and pushes them to sit at separate ends of the couch before handing them a glass of firewhiskey.

 

“Drink,” he orders.

 

They drink.

 

 

Surprisingly, Regulus gets the drunkest, very early on into the night, until he confesses he hasn’t drunk alcohol in over 2 years, and it suddenly makes a lot more sense. After 4 hours of laughing, talking, and reminiscing over Hogwarts memories, Barty feels pleasantly fuzzy.

 

Evan looks to be the same.

 

Regulus looks fucking wasted.

 

“I did miss you guys,” he says earnestly, nodding his head. “I saw you at raids sometimes when I was picking people to interrogate, and I always thought, oh, there are my best friends.”

 

Barty can’t help but notice how Evan winces at the word, but the fuzziness of alcohol pushes away the thought before he can act on it.

 

“Thanks, Regulus. You’re our best friend too,” he replies amusedly, hoping Regulus remembers this the next morning and genuinely doubting he will, but Regulus only grins at him crookedly.

 

“This is much nicer than the time I had to cut my leg off and regrow it,” he announces, nodding sagely, and Barty and Evan are immediately speaking over each other.

 

“What the fuck?”

 

“Regulus!”

 

“You, what?

 

“What do you mean you cut your leg off? It’s right there!”

 

“It decomposed,” he replies, as though he’s discussing the weather before he looks down and jolts in surprise. “It’s back now, though.”

 

He glances at Evan, who is already looking at him, and they both seem to have the same thought process of what the actual fuck, Regulus?

 

“Where’s my brother?” he asks suddenly. “Where’s Sirius? I miss Sirius. I’ve missed him for years.” Barty only shakes his head and rolls his eyes as he walks towards the armchair Regulus is curled up in and is probably too drunk to push himself out of.

 

If he’s talking about his brother, he’s absolutely gone and will probably cry soon.

 

“Right, time for bed, Reg,” he says, grabbing his arm and hauling him upright, but Regulus’ legs collapse underneath him, causing Evan to rush forwards, stumbling slightly to help him up.

 

“I don’t want to go to bed,” he slurs. “I want my brother.”

 

“You will hate us if we do,” Evan tells him, but Regulus just smiles again.

 

“I could never hate you; I told you that you were my best friends, didn’t I?”

 

Barty and Evan glance at each other and then quickly glance away.

 

“Didn’t I tell you?” Regulus asks worriedly in the face of their silence, “because you are. You are my best friends.” 

 

Evan laughs and pats him on the head. “Yeah, Reg, you told us.”

 

“Good,” he says decidedly, nodding again before he looks up. “Where’s my brother?”

 

“You’re going to bed.”

 

“I want my brother.”

 

“Trust me, you do not.”

 

“I just miss my brother,” he says, melancholy creeping into his voice, and Barty sighs and figures it won’t hurt him since he won’t remember this tomorrow.

 

“Fuck, fine, get what you want,” he mutters as he drags him along and knocks on Sirius Black’s bedroom, something he quite literally thought he’d never do in his life.

 

When he doesn’t open the door instantly, Barty knocks even harder, ignoring the annoyed muttering inside, and he’s still knocking when the door swings open, revealing a scowling Sirius Black.

 

“What?” he hisses annoyedly, looking half-awake before his eyes widen in surprise and concern. “Reggie? Are you drunk?!”

 

“Hi Sirius, I missed you,” he replies, giving him a crooked smile and Barty manoeuvres Regulus so Sirius is holding him up.

 

“What the fuck am I supposed to do with him?” Sirius asks in disbelief, glaring at Barty, but Barty grins unrepentantly. 

 

“He’s your problem now; he’s too drunk to remember this tomorrow anyways,” and the last thing he hears Sirius saying before he closes the door is a tired, “yeah, I know, Reggie. Love you too.”

 

He and Evan get back into their room, and as they get into bed, already drunk from the firewhiskey, Barty feels double drunk as he looks at Evan.

 

“I got drunk when you were in Azkaban,” he says. “I was drunk the whole time.”

 

“You said.”

 

“I missed you.”

 

“You said that too.”

 

“I think I missed you more than a best friend should,” he whispers, watching how Evan swallows heavily and looks at him with wide eyes.

 

“You didn’t say that.”

 

“There’s a lot of things I didn’t tell you.”

 

“Tell me then.”

 

Barty has enough of a state of mind to know that that isn’t a good idea. “Tell me what you said to my father,” he says instead, and Evan only laughs and shakes his head.

 

“One day.”

 

“Yeah, okay. One day.”

 

 

It’s late the next evening after the entire Regulus saved James’ parents and failed at keeping it a secret drama when Evan and Barty go back to bed, and Evan can’t help but wonder what his patronus is.

 

“Why didn’t you tell the others what your patronus was?” he asks, staring at Barty across the bed.

 

Barty grimaces immediately, which makes Evan laugh. “Would you tell the Gryffindors anything?”

 

Evan grimaces back at the thought of it. “Fair enough.”

 

“So what is your patronus then? You’ve never told me,” Barty asks, and Evan almost feels embarrassed as he replies, “I don’t know, I’ve never cast one before.”

 

Instead of making fun of him as he’d expected, Barty just shrugs and says, “try it now, then.”

 

This is arguably worse.

 

“Well, I don’t want to do it with you watching,” he argues. “What if I can’t do it?”

 

“What if you can?”

 

“How motivational.”

 

“How changing the subject,” and when Evan does nothing, Barty sighs and rolls his eyes. 

 

“Look, just think of me when you cast it, okay? I thought of you when I cast mine, and it worked instantly.”

 

All Evan can take away from that comment is that however platonic Barty might see their relationship, he is Barty’s happiest memory, and with that thought in his mind and sheer elation flowing through his veins, he closes his eyes and casts the spell.

 

Barty sucks in a sharp breath.

 

“Did I do it?” he asks, knowing the answer already. He can feel a connection between him and his patronus, can feel the warmth and the light it’s bathing the room in, and can sense the animal by the window.

 

“Um,” Barty says in a slightly strangled voice, “you did it, alright.” 

 

Evan frowns as he opens his eyes to see what Barty’s panicking about until he sees the brown bear walk over to him and sniff his hand.

 

It’s identical to Barty’s in every way.

 

Fuck.

 

“I have your patronus,” he says in a high-pitched voice, blinking in shock at the bear who has chosen to curl up and hibernate at his feet. “I have your patronus. Fuck. Sorry.”

 

“It’s okay,” Barty replies in a voice that sounds like it's anything but that. “It’s, yeah, it’s fine.”

 

“Okay.”

 

“Okay.”

 

It is absolutely not okay. This is what you read about in story books. This is rare, this is reserved for soulmates, and he doesn’t personally know one couple currently alive who have had their patronuses change to match each other. As he slowly comes down from his feeling of utter shock, a very awkward atmosphere settles over the room, and he waves his wand to cancel the spell so they’re left standing in silence.

 

“Evan –“ Barty begins, not really knowing where to take his sentence. “Uh –“

 

“I think I’ll just go to bed,” he says, still not quite over the surreality of it. “I’ll just, night,” and then he rolls over and lies on the very edge of his side of the bed, desperate not to touch Barty, and it takes him a long time to fall asleep. 

 

The entire time, he listens to Barty’s breathing which is far too even for him not to be faking it.

 

 

Evan wakes the following day long before Barty and goes straight to the library, unsurprised to find Lupin already there and reading a book.

 

“Rosier,” he says, nodding politely, but Evan just stares at him, still not having fully shaken the out-of-body feeling from last night.

 

“Don’t talk to me,” he replies, walking straight towards the search index and finding every book about patronuses in the library, but when he sits down and begins to read, he thinks they only make things worse.

 

“A witch or wizard’s patronus can change in rare circumstances to match that of their partner. It happens on average to every 1 in 50,000 witches and wizards and shows unwavering love and commitment to the other person. There have been no recorded cases of a changed patronus reverting to the caster’s original form.”

 

Fuck.

 

Evan has practically bound himself to Barty. He’s basically promised to love him for all eternity without Barty ever giving him an indication of a chance of liking him back.

 

But some of the things he says don’t seem platonic… 

 

Stop it, Evan. It’s wishful thinking.

 

He opens another book.

 

“In some cases, the respective partners will have complimentary animals, for example, a stag and a doe, to showcase their extreme compatibility. However, sometimes this is coincidental and does not indicate what one may colloquially call ‘soulmates.’

 

In rarer instances, a witch or wizard may change their patronus to their partner, which signifies an unconscious (metaphorical) soul bond which is an undeniable representation of agape love.”

 

Evan doesn’t know if that’s any better.

 

He’s metaphorically soul bonded to Barty and loves him with all he is and all he will ever be.

 

The crush he told himself would disappear is literally never going to, and he’s hit with the sudden realisation that he’s going to be alone forever since he can never fall for someone else.

 

His heart will literally never move on.

 

He opens a third book and prays for a miracle.

 

“A witch or wizard’s patronus is a reflection of their animagus form, which highlights the witch or wizard's alternate being. While the animagus process is extremely complicated and must not be undertaken by those without high transfiguration prowess, the curious witch or wizard who cannot yet cast a patronus can discover their inner form with the spell ‘animago revelio.’

 

In rare circumstances when a witch or wizard has changed their patronus to match that of their significant other, their animagus form will not change. Thus, the animal cast in the patronus spell may differ from their animagus form.”

 

All Evan can take away from that is that he’s well and truly screwed.

 

He will always be in love with Barty Crouch Junior, and if things continue the way they are now, Barty will never love him back.

 

He rereads the books again and finds no way out of having a soulmate who doesn’t like him back, so to cheer himself up, he figures it won’t hurt to indulge himself and find out what his patronus would have been if it weren’t for Barty.

 

“Animago revelio,” he chants dully, the heavy feeling of resignation within him pausing when he sees a holographic brown bear look up at him and then run circles around the table.

 

What a waste of time, he thinks in frustration. The books weren’t even accurate, and he’s scowling at the complete and utter waste of time and lack of answers and fucked up situation when he freezes.

 

Oh.

 

Oh.

 

 

Barty is woken, rather rudely, to aggressive shaking that is impossible to ignore, so he’s well and truly awake at –

 

“It’s eight-thirty on a Saturday morning; what the fuck is wrong with you, Evan?”

 

“I need you to test something for me?” he replies, sounding elated and terrified all at once, and Barty suddenly remembers what had happened last night.

 

He would’ve thought Evan would have spent longer than one night avoiding him, but fine. If he wants to pretend nothing has happened, Barty can do that too.

 

“Like what? Do I need to move for it?” he complains, rubbing sleep out of his eyes, and Evan shakes his head, grabbing Barty’s wand from the bedside table and handing it to him.

 

“Move your wand like this,” he says in the same breathless voice, demonstrating a figure 8 pattern. “Move your wand like this and say animago revelio.”

 

“Animago? This won’t change me into an animal or anything, will it?”

 

“No,” Evan replies impatiently. “Just do it, just do it, okay? Just –“

 

“Fine, I’ll do it if I can go back to sleep afterwards,” he scowls before focusing on the pattern Evan had described, casting “animago revelio” and watching a small black raven shoot out his wand.

 

“What, did you invent the spell or something?” he asks absentmindedly, staring at the raven flying circles around his wand, but when Evan doesn’t reply, Barty glances up at him, surprised to see Evan with his face pale, eyes wider than ever, his gaze transfixed on the raven.

 

“Evan?” he asks slowly, not understanding the significance of whatever is happening here. “What are you doing? Why do you look like that? What does this mean –“

 

“Barty,” he says in the same weirdly high-pitched voice. “That spell shows your inner being, your animagus.”

 

Barty still doesn’t understand its significance.

 

“Okay...? I don’t understand, Evan. I need you to –“

 

“My patronus didn’t change to match yours,” Evan says hoarsely, still staring at the raven until his eyes flick down to meet Barty’s. “Yours changed to match mine.”

 

Barty sucks in a sharp breath and feels like he’s been dunked into an ice bath.
Notes:

    THE PATRONUS SCENE???!??!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!

    TOP TIER CONTENT, I WAS SO PROUD OF THAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Chapter 38: Rosekiller Interlude (part four): Something real
Summary:

    They're so stupid (I love them)

Notes:

    part four :))))

    French translation (only 1 line) in the end notes.

    Next update out in 2-3 weeks :))))

    EDIT: Okay you can actually have an update this week (by the 9th April) because I'm typing away and evidently feeling creative :))))

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

They go back to their very awkward, no eye contact, ignoring each other at every opportunity phase, except this time, instead of sulking around the house or running back to their parents, they have Regulus.

 

It’s arguably worse.

 

Evan goes to see him first, assumably to have a crisis, which leaves Barty alone with his thoughts, staring at the raven.

 

Who knew something so insignificant could be so symbolic.

 

Barty may be a half-blood, but he’s still half-wizard and knows what matching patronuses mean. That’s why, despite his utter shock, he hadn’t teased Evan about his, because he knew how much of a commitment your entire being had to make to the other person, and Barty had felt guilty he could never reciprocate it.

 

But, well.

 

Wasn’t that a fucking lie.

 

Evan is his soulmate.

 

Soulmate.

 

People say that their best friend is their soulmate all the time, but he doesn’t know one set of best friends who have changed their patronuses for each other.

 

He doesn’t know a single couple who have had their patronuses change for each other either, except him, obviously.

 

He and Evan.

 

His best friend.

 

Denial can only take a person so far, though, so he can’t help himself as he puts his head in his hands and starts to laugh, slightly hysterically.

 

Even for him, this is a fucking big gesture.

 

 

He still has his head in his hands an unknown amount of time later when the door opens and closes softly, and he cannot in any state deal with Evan right now, but then he feels his head resting against a bony chest and skinny arms wrapping around him, awkwardly patting his back even though their entire body is vibrating with poorly concealed laughter.

 

“Well,” Regulus announces with a voice far too amused for Barty’s current state of mind, “you weren’t lying when you said you moved on from me, were you?”

 

“Fuck off,” he says weakly, but Regulus only laughs.

 

“This is the best relationship drama I’ve heard about in years.”

 

“Even better than the one about you and James Potter?”

 

“I told you I hate James Potter,” he shoots back, tugging sharply on his hair to make him shut up, but it only reminds him of Evan every time they fuck and makes him fall back into his misery.

 

“Yeah, well, I told Evan we were best friends for years, and fucking look at us, Regulus!” he cries out.

 

There’s a long pause until Regulus starts laughing again. Barty pushes him away and sits at the head of the bed, as far away from Evan’s side as possible.

 

“So, when did you figure out why he was your favourite best friend?” Regulus asks drily, assumably having gotten half of the story from Evan already, and Barty wonders if this is how Regulus feels every time he mocks him about James Potter.

 

Probably not.

 

Regulus doesn’t have Potter’s patronus, does he?

 

“About 2 months ago,” he answers, knowing exactly what’s coming next –

 

“And when did you send Evan that patronus?” Regulus asks, laughing again, his entire body shaking with the effort to hold it in, but he fails as Barty defeatedly says, “a year ago,” and Regulus falls forwards and laughs so hard he almost falls off the bed.

 

Barty gives gravity a hand, pushing him the rest of the way, and he thinks he should have expected when a hand wrapped around his ankle and pulled him off too.

 

“Fucker.”

 

“Bitch.”

 

“Man who thinks they changed their patronus for their best friend,” Regulus scoffs, and Barty winces, unable to provide any comeback to that.

 

“I’m never going to look him in the eye again,” he complains, and Regulus does roll his eyes at this, surprise, surprise.

 

“Why are you such a wreck,” he asks in genuine incredulity. “My interpretation of this is that you and Evan spent the past 2 years fucking on and off –“

 

“Year and a half.”

 

“My apologies, year and a half fucking each other, and Evan tells you he loves you and now that you’ve found out you undeniably love him back, you’re, what? Worried someone who wants you is going to reject you?”

 

It does sound stupid when it’s phrased like that.

 

“But I only realised I had a crush on him two months ago,” he moans again before he voices the key point contributing to his hysteria. “My patronus changed at least a year ago! I’ve never even seen it as a raven!”

 

“Soulmates, how romantic,” Regulus replies drily, still laughing, and Barty figures this is how his relationship will be for a while.

 

An utter disaster that only Regulus finds amusement in.

 

 

Evan sits at Regulus’ desk, still unable to process that Barty likes him back.

 

Evan sits at Regulus’ desk, fully aware that Barty is also unable to process that Barty likes him back.

 

Evan sits at Regulus’ desk and wonders if things might work out for him after all. He’s busy trying to imagine what exactly his life could be like if the illusion disappears, but the feelings remain when he’s jolted out of his thoughts by an owl at the window.

 

He goes to let it in and give Regulus whatever mail he’s received when he recognises the owl.

 

And his name on the envelope.

 

In his father’s handwriting.

 

Not yet, not yet, not yet, he thinks desperately as he rips open the envelope and skims through the blissfully short message.

 

Evan,

 

We noticed you ignored your mother’s previous letter and failed to visit home, so I must send this letter to ensure you are not being naïve. While Regulus Black is a powerful ally, please consider the significance of remaining in public relations with such a public traitor.

 

Just because you no longer have the mark and do not have a Dark Lord to follow anymore, are you really going to give up a lifetime of working towards the cause for a schoolyard friend?

 

Now is the time to make the decisions to truly reflect your character.

 

Your mother also misses your presence at Sunday dinners and hopes to see you soon to discuss marriage preparations.

 

Your father,

    Rosier.

 

Fuck, he hasn’t thought about Melanie since his mother’s last letter a month ago.

 

He doesn’t want to think about her right now, but it's best to get this over and done with, so he writes a note to Regulus saying he'll be back later and to not under any circumstances let Barty follow him before disapparating to Rosier Manor.

 

If his father is surprised to see him, he doesn’t show it as he leans forward and, surprisingly, wraps him in a hug.

 

“It’s good to see you again, Evan,” he says, nodding seriously, and Evan wonders what he’s missing here.

 

He assumes his arrival must have alerted the wards because he hears quick footsteps in the hallway. Then his mother presses her hand over her mouth as she sees him, and her eyes fill with tears.

 

“Oh, Evan,” she cries out, and she’s also hugging him and even though he dutifully hugs her back, he doesn’t know what's happening because his parents aren’t huggers and his mother isn’t a crier.

 

“Oh Evan, we never thought we’d see you again,” she repeats and –

 

Ah.

 

The whole Azkaban thing.

 

He is not talking about that.

 

“I’m fine now,” he says, lying through his teeth to reassure her. “It was only short –“

 

“It doesn’t matter how short it was, Evan. It was still my sweet boy in Azkaban –“

 

“Didn’t fucking forget that one,” he snaps, which only makes his mother cry harder. Evan sighs and hugs her again, but he can feel himself starting to shiver.

 

They end up having brunch for Evan and early lunch for his parents. He listens as they fill him in on all of the pureblood politics that have happened since he’s last been here until, eventually, the question he’s dreading is asked.

 

“So how have you been, Evan?” his mother asks, obviously distressed, but fuck, he does not want to talk about this.

 

He can feel the shivering get stronger.

 

“Good,” he says lightly. “Everything’s fine.”

 

“I don’t see you for 2 months, you go to Azkaban and find out your school friend killed our Lord, and you think we’ll believe everything is fine?” his father asks incredulously.

 

“Yes.”

 

“Evan…”

 

“Are you telling me I don’t look fine?”

 

“You look overwhelmed,” his mother tells him in genuine concern, and Evan laughs, unable to prevent it because fuck if that’s not the best word to describe the entire him and Barty ordeal.

 

“That’s unrelated.”

 

“But it’s related to…?”

 

Evan says nothing, and his mother sighs. “Have you and Melanie had a disagreement?” she asks. 

 

It takes everything in him not to laugh again. “Yeah, okay. I’m having relationship problems and no follow-ups –“

 

“Mrs Fawley said that you and Melanie had been spending most days with each other? And you’re still fighting?”

 

“All couples fight,” he says, another half-truth, figuring Melanie has been using him as an excuse for who knows how long and that he has to cover.

 

“If it’s not the right match, we won’t force you into anything” his mother frowns, and his father nods in agreement. “We just want you to be happy.”

 

Happy.

 

Happy. Happy. Happy.

 

Another word that reminds him of Azkaban.

 

“Are the heating charms on?” he asks abruptly. “Can we turn them up a bit?” and his mother looks at him, utterly scandalised.

 

“Evan! I remember telling you about the importance of drinking wine in a room at seventeen degrees to ensure the optimal temperature for flavour diffusion when you were six,” she scolds him, and Evan resists rolling his eyes.

 

“Yes, I forgot, sorry,” he says dully, curling his fingers into fists to try and warm them up and hoping his parents don’t notice.

 

“You’ve already been courting for over a year now, Evan,” she says thoughtfully. “I don’t want to rush you, but it’s usually within 1-2 years that a proposal happens before following the 6 months before marriage –“

 

“I haven’t forgotten,” he lies. “I’ll talk to her about it.”

 

His mother stares at him but says nothing.

 

His father takes it upon himself to talk.

 

“You’re staying with Regulus Black, aren’t you? He let you out of Azkaban?”

 

“Yes…?” he replies, and his father looks unexpectedly sombre.

 

“What did he demand in exchange? The Black family are strong allies but dangerous enemies; what did you offer him? Or did he just take it? Was it money? A Favour? Evan, don’t tell me you traded an open favour –“

 

“I didn’t offer anything,” he says defensively. “He did it for free because he’s my friend.”

 

“Blacks don’t do friends; they do tricks and mind games. Evan, think back, try and remember –“

 

“I told you it was nothing!” he shouts in genuine annoyance. “I didn’t even know Regulus was still alive until he came to get me out, so how could I have made a deal –“

 

“So he’ll collect the favour later, Evan. You need to figure out precisely what he wants –“

 

“Fuck’s sake, he doesn’t want anything. Just because you’ve never had a friend in your life –“

 

“Friends don’t take you far in life, Evan. It’s family and connections –“

 

“Well, it wasn’t my family and connections that got me out of fucking Azkaban, was it?” he hisses. “It. Was. My. Friend.”

 

“Evan –“

 

“Fuck, I’m going back to see my friends, and you can both go fuck yourself.”

 

“Evan! We did not raise you to –“

 

“See you in another three months,” he calls over his shoulder before stepping into the floo and returning to Grimmauld Place.

 

It’s only when he goes to take his cloak off and fumbles twice with the clasp that he realises how much his hands are shaking.

 

 

“Is he back yet?”

 

“Barty, your room is four doors away, just go and check.”

 

“No, I don’t want to look at him yet.”

 

Regulus sighs in exasperation, yet again, and checks the wards to see if Evan’s magical signature can be found.

 

“Still not here.”

 

“Fuck.”

 

“He literally wrote a note saying he’d be back.”

 

“Maybe he lied –“

 

“Barty, listen to me,” Regulus says, frowning seriously, and Barty wonders what he’s about to say.

 

“Okay…”

 

“You’re being pathetic.”

 

“Says the one who let James Potter through his sentient wards.”

 

“I did not.”

 

“Liar.”

 

“Coward, oh, he’s back,” Regulus announces, successfully distracting Barty from their little argument, and Barty sits up.

 

“Fuck, what do I do? I still can’t talk to him.”

 

“You just talked at me for five hours; I assure you that you can talk.”

 

“Fuck, no, just let me stay here for the night.”

 

“No.”

 

“Give me a spare bedroom.”

 

“You don’t deserve one.”

 

“Regulus, please, I’m fucking begging you,” he cries out, his mental state full of far too much of everything to look at Evan right now, let alone sleep with him. Regulus gives him quite possibly the most exasperated look he’s ever seen on him.

 

“You are pathetic,” he says, shaking his head in genuine disappointment, but he also rolls his eyes and gestures at his bed, which makes Barty grin, despite everything.

 

“Thanks, Reg.”

 

“You’ll owe me for this.”

 

 

Evan doesn’t understand.

 

“He’s sleeping with you? But he always sleeps with me,” he tells Regulus, uncaring that he sounds like a whiny child because he needs Barty. Especially now. Especially after seeing his parents and being reminded about the wedding and Azkaban and being so, so cold without Barty by his side.

 

Regulus frowns at him and looks more tired than amused now, probably sick of playing therapist all day. “I told him he was being pathetic if that makes you feel better?”

 

“I don’t care if he’s being pathetic; I want him to be pathetic with me -"

 

Regulus puts his head in his hands and rubs his forehead like he’s getting a migraine.

 

“God, you’re as pathetic as the other. You’re both in love and in denial; I literally don’t know what you want from me –“

 

“To send my, Barty, back here.”

 

“Your Barty,” he replies drily. “Look at that progress already.”

 

“Regulus!”

 

Regulus rolls his eyes again and then seems to debate something before he looks at Evan, oddly sober. “Just remember that when me and Barty dated, I spent the entire time denying everything, telling him we weren’t real, and when you found out about us, I did the same thing he’s doing now and ignored him for 2 weeks. He’s probably not used to the idea that a relationship with you is something he can have,” and then he walks to the door and turns around again.

 

“I’ll talk to him, but I think you’re on your own tonight, Evan,” he says. Then he closes the door behind him, leaving Evan stuck in the dark and the cold with the shadows that remind him far too closely of a dementor, but he drifts off quickly enough.

 

He jolts awake an undeterminable amount of time later, still far too cold, and he reaches out absentmindedly for Barty to ground himself, but –

 

The bed is empty.

 

It’s cold.

 

Barty isn’t here, and he can’t get warm again.

 

The bed still smells like him, but it’s cold. It’s never cold. If it’s cold, Barty’s not here, but the only time he hasn’t been here is when he was in Azkaban.

 

Fuck.

 

Fuck.

 

It was another hallucination.

 

None of it was real.

 

None of it was real.

 

None of it was – 

 

He never got out.

 

He never –

 

This hallucination had felt longer than the other ones, warmer, it had felt so real, but it’s not, and he’s back in Azkaban, and he can feel himself panicking, and he doesn’t want to be here, doesn’t want to –

 

“No, no no no, not here again, not here,” he pleads, although he doesn’t know who he’s talking to. He’s just begging his brain for a new hallucination, begging his brain to collapse even more so he can find an escape. His breathing is becoming shallower, making his entire head feel fuzzy, and he hears the footsteps of a prison guard and his cell door opening and closing. Then he jolts in surprise as he’s bathed in light, and there’s a stinging in his cheek as though someone’s slapped him and a face directly in front of his own.

 

Regulus.

 

Regulus?

 

“Am I dead or in a dream?” he asks, blinking and trying to see if the image of Regulus is hazy or not. “Is this, are we –“

 

Then Regulus is shoved out of the way and –

 

“Barty? How did you get here? You’ve never been here before,” and the only thing he sees on Barty’s face is fear before he’s being pressed into his chest, and he feels like he’s floating as warmth starts to travel through his body again.

 

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, fuck I’m so sorry, Evan,” Barty keeps chanting, and Evan doesn’t understand why he’s apologising when they’re both in Azkaban together.

 

Except Barty was never in Azkaban.

 

And he was always cold in Azkaban.

 

But Barty’s here.

 

And he’s warm.

 

So…

 

“Fuck,” he says hoarsely, hating how this stupid trauma shit isn’t just going away and how he apparently can’t sleep alone without disassociating. “Fuck,” he repeats, his voice on the verge of breaking. “Fuck, fuck, fuck.”

 

“I know,” Barty whispers, still holding onto him like he’s scared he’ll disappear. “I know Evan, I know.”

 

“Sorry about,” he says, gesturing uselessly at himself. “You can go again. I’ll be fine, I’ll –“

 

“Shut up,” Barty hisses, finally letting go of him and clambering into the bed next to him, and even though this is exactly what he wanted, the fact that he has it only makes him feel worse.

 

“Go back to Regulus. You don’t need to stay just because I’m –“

 

“Shut up; I’m not going. I thought you’d be glad I came back.”

 

“Oh yeah, I’m so glad the key aspect holding our relationship together is my fucking trauma,” he scoffs bitterly, hating himself for having issues and hating how he’s already relaxing now that Barty’s here and –

 

“I would’ve come regardless if you’d asked,” Barty says quietly.

 

“You’re the one who left!” Evan replies incredulously, preparing for a fight and then rolling his eyes at how Barty turns off the light, ending the conversation.

 

Or so he thought until he feels Barty’s hand reach through the dark and find his, the touch like fire licking his bones as he whispers, “I only left temporarily."  

 

Evan thinks that’s it until Barty adds one more sentence.

 

“I’ll follow you anywhere, remember?”

 

 

Annoying and humiliating though it was, his episode seems to have done the same thing Barty almost dying did, where even though they’re technically fighting and need to have a proper conversation about everything, they’re back to pretending everything is fine.

 

In his defence, Barty tries when he wakes up the next morning, but Evan shuts him down instantly.

 

“Do you –“

 

“No.”

 

And that’s the extent of discussing their relationship for a while.

 

He’s sure Regulus disapproves, but Regulus is also too busy lying about being with James Potter and spending time doing yet more research, always with a ridiculous number of study projects for fun which Evan can’t personally fathom.

 

It’s Christmas Eve, two weeks after Evan’s latest episode that led to him and Barty pretending everything is normal. They’re eating lunch and staring down the Gryffindors when Regulus walks in looking pleased with something.

 

“Reggie!” Sirius calls out. “Nice to know you’re still alive –“

 

“You won’t be if you don’t stop talking,” he snaps threateningly, even as he gently grabs Barty by the arm, tilts his wrist and casts a spell causing blood to drip out that he collects in a vial.

 

Barty, to his credit, is entirely unbothered and just switches his spoon to his other hand so he can keep eating.

 

“I’m sorry,” Lupin exclaims disbelievingly, gesturing between Barty and Regulus. “Is this normal? You just let him take your blood?”

 

“Says you, werewolf,” Barty shoots back, which makes Lupin shut up and stare at them wide-eyed.

 

“I told you they thought they’d kept it a secret,” Evan grins at Barty, and Barty sighs and puts his spoon down to reach into this pocket and give him 5 galleons.

 

“Reggie, your friends are creepy as shit,” Sirius whispers, but Regulus ignores him and walks out of the room, blood in hand, and Evan and Barty return to intimidating the Gryffindors.

 

Evan finds out what the blood was for an hour later as Regulus walks in holding what looks like a bracelet, and rather ridiculously, it reminds him of Melanie and how neglectful he’s being of their supposed courting because he hasn’t talked to her in over 6 months.

 

She also hasn’t talked to him, so he’s not overly concerned.

 

“Early Christmas present,” Regulus says blandly, throwing the chain at Evan, who looks at it suspiciously.

 

“A bracelet…”

 

“A bracelet that will change to whatever you want it to look like, which could be a bracelet or a wristwatch or nothing at all.”

 

“Why would I want a nothing bracelet?” he asks, looking at Barty in confusion, who just shrugs and looks equally as lost as he does.

 

“For fuck’s sake, there’s no such thing as a nothing bracelet,” Regulus says, scowling and fixing the clasp around Evan’s wrist. He twitches as the bracelet adjusts to his size, turning invisible like he’d subconsciously wanted, and he’s surprised to feel that it's oddly warm.

 

“Regulus,” he begins hesitantly, unsure how to phrase his question. “Why does it feel like you’ve wrapped a worm around my wrist?”

 

Surprisingly, instead of being insulted, Regulus smirks and says, “your bracelet has the same warmth as Barty’s body temperature,” before adding a much lower, “Barty, if you ever feel good about yourself, remember you feel like a fucking worm.”

 

“This is because…?” Evan asks slowly.

 

“If you ever have another, you know,” Regulus says awkwardly, refusing to make eye contact. “This can be grounding if Barty isn’t, well –“ 

 

Then he trails off again, and Evan fills in the blanks.

 

Stupidly, Evan almost wants to cry at the gesture but settles for forcing Regulus to hug him, laughing at the way he immediately tries to wriggle free before admitting defeat. 

 

“Thanks, Regulus,” he says quietly and sincerely before ruining the moment by laughing as Regulus uncomfortably pats him on the back. Regulus goes to leave, assumably having had enough of emotions for the day, or so Evan thinks, until he pauses by the door.

 

“Looking after you is a partnership, Evan,” he tells him seriously. “I do the research, Barty does the emotions, and you just get better, okay?” 

 

All Evan can think is that he was right to tell his parents to go fuck themselves when they asked what Regulus wanted in return for getting him out of Azkaban.

 

“You’re sweet, you know,” he says, grinning at the disgust appearing on Regulus’ face. “Are you sure you weren’t meant to be in Huffle –“

 

The door slams closed, and another one opens in the distance, and Evan can’t help but laugh, knowing things are getting closer to being okay again.

 

 

Barty misses Evan.

 

He’s right next to him, the same way he’s been for weeks, but ever since the entire patronus ordeal that he’s still trying not to think too much about, they haven’t kissed. They’ve barely even touched each other unless it’s during a panic or a crisis, which really isn’t a good segway towards sex.

 

Barty has a hand and knows where the shower is, so he doesn’t need Evan, but he wants him.

 

Misses him.

 

He knows fully well how to get him back, but that would involve a conversation about feelings he’s still not ready to have.

 

He doesn’t know why it’s taking him so long to figure it out because there’s not much he can say in his defence. “Oh no, Evan, I just had my patronus change for you in the first known case of our entire lives to show my undying and eternal love for you, but we’re just friends, of course,” really isn’t a convincing lie.

 

But fuck, he really does love him.

 

Oh fuck. He loves him.

 

He was a hat stall. It took the sorting hat four minutes to decide between Ravenclaw and Slytherin, and he thinks this might be why it chose Slytherin; because who the fuck takes this long to realise that they’re in love with their best friend and still calls themselves intelligent?

 

Sleeping better when he’s with Evan.

 

Losing himself in the routine of kissing Evan.

 

Having a “favourite fuck buddy.”

 

Not giving anyone else a second thought when he’s with Evan.

 

Screaming his –

 

Yeah, he really should have known sooner.

 

But.

 

Well.

 

“Get me some of that muggle water, would you, Evan?” he asks from where they’re lying in bed.

 

Evan doesn’t even look over. “Get it yourself.”

 

“It’s Christmas tomorrow; that can be your present to me. Please, please –“

 

“What even is muggle water? Water is water.”

 

“You know, the water with the bubbles Lupin put in the kitchen.”

 

Evan gives him a look that means he’s about to hear another reason why the hat didn’t put him into Ravenclaw. “Do you mean the sparkling water?”

 

“No, the one we had at dinner, remember? It didn’t sparkle; it was transparent –“

 

“The sparkling water!”

 

“I just said –“

 

“Fuck, get it yourself. I clearly don’t know what I’m talking about.”

 

“Little shit,” Barty shoots back, but he does get up and go to get the not-sparkling water, but when he gets through the kitchen door, he finds he can’t move.

 

There’s mistletoe above him.

 

He doubts it’s Lupin and hopes it’s not Potter because Regulus would literally murder him if he found out he kissed him, which leaves –

 

“Black, I know it’s you. Pucker up and set me free,” and then he smirks as he sees Sirius come through the lounge doorway, glaring at him.

 

“I could leave you there until morning.”

 

“I could yell for someone to let me out and ruin your surprise,” he counters.

 

“I’ll cast a silencing spell,” he threatens, pulling his wand into his hand.

 

“I’d like to see you try,” Barty shoots back, smiling sweetly, and Black glares at him before he scowls and steps closer.

 

“This is fucking weird, you know.”

 

“I used to date your brother. I’ll just imagine you as him –“

 

“Fuck, this is second-hand kissing. This is basically incest –“

 

Barty rolls his eyes and yanks Sirius forward as soon as he’s in grabbing distance, who is too surprised at what is actually happening to kiss him back. Regardless, the mistletoe deems a peck enough to break the spell, so he walks into the kitchen, rolling his eyes as Sirius immediately goes to the sink and rinses his mouth with water.

 

It’s very overdramatic and gives Regulus vibes on a less put-together scale, but staring at the mistletoe gives him an idea.

 

“Did you enchant this mistletoe?” he asks, picking it up and waving his wand to see its charms, which end up being very basic freezing spells with trigger spells linked to them.

 

“Nah, I brought it from zonkos –“

 

“I can make it better,” he announces, immediately modifying the trigger spell, which is ridiculously easy because it's third-year magic, and it’ll be much better when he’s finished.

 

“What are you doing?” Sirius asks slowly, staring at the mistletoe like it might bite him.

 

“Ten seconds of French kissing needed to break the spell,” Barty declares, smiling proudly. Sirius’ face lights up too, and Barty has the fleeting thought that if it weren’t for Regulus and Sirius’ relationship and the fact that he’s a Gryffindor, he and Sirius could have been friends at school.

 

“Perfect,” Sirius says, grinning before it turns slightly menacing. “This is your little Christmas present for Rosier, isn’t it?”

 

“No!”

 

“Take 10,” Sirius decides, casting duplication spells on the modified mistletoe bunches. “I have a boyfriend who kisses me when I want, and James and Regulus are just sad and lonely, but you need an excuse to kiss your man –“

 

“He is not –“

 

“Sure he’s not,” Sirius interrupts, ignoring him entirely and watching in amusement as Barty hurriedly takes the mistletoe before he can change his mind. “Help me put it around the rest of the house?”

 

“Go fuck yourself, Black.”

 

 

Evan wakes up to two presents at the end of the bed. There is a book on home insulation spells from Regulus, which looks boring as shit, but he appreciates it anyways, and surprisingly a box of fancy quills from Melanie.

 

It makes more sense with the note attached.

 

Dear future husband,

 

I was shopping with mother and when I revealed I hadn’t brought you a Christmas present and she wouldn’t let me leave until I’d found something.

 

You really are my dream man not talking to me for 6 months (that is a genuine compliment, I hate all men), so I hence do not know what you like but thought quills to be a safe choice. 

 

(Then again, you like CROUCH, so maybe you’re not very smart- can you read? Can you write? Should I have sent a howler instead?)

 

Merry Christmas,

Melanie

 

Evan laughs, unable to help himself, and when Barty wakes up and asks what’s so funny, his laughter cuts off abruptly as he realises he still hasn’t told Barty about the entire courting process and how he will probably be engaged within the next 6 months.

 

“Nothing."

 

“Have you got a present for me?” Barty asks sleepily.

 

“No, have you got one for me?”

 

“No.” A pause, then, “you could tell me what you said to my father before we killed him. That could be –“

 

“No, not today. One day, but not today,” Evan says hurriedly, and then he’s folding the letter in his pocket and going towards the bathroom when he finds he can’t move.

 

Mistletoe.

 

“Fuck’s sake, I know it was you, Barty. Set me free.”

 

“It was Black.”

 

“Regulus?”

 

“Sirius.”

 

“Well, set me free anyways.”

 

“You’re asking me to kiss you?” he asks disbelievingly, which is a fair enough question since Evan has been the one enforcing their let’s pretend we’re just friends to avoid our problems approach to everything.

 

“Fuck, yes, just once, just to let me out,” he sighs disappointedly, telling himself it’ll only take a second, telling himself to be sensible and –

 

It’s a desperate kiss.

 

It’s a dangerous mix of complicated emotions all fighting for a way free, and that’s what the kiss is, really.

 

A fight.

 

Want. Need. Denial. Confusion. They’re all fighting for first place, and when there’s no clear winner, the fight begins again.

 

“I think,” Evan gasps, leaning back on the door frame. “I think that’s enough.”

 

Barty ignores him entirely, pulling him in again, and Evan goes willingly, knowing this will only cause more problems for themselves, but unable to care when he has Barty like this, in his arms, just how he wants him.

 

 

Barty doesn’t know why the hat didn’t put him in Ravenclaw.

 

This mistletoe is the best idea he’s ever had.

 

It sets up Regulus and James Potter again.

 

It gets him 28 kisses with Evan.

 

He wakes up on Boxing Day with their stupid no-touching rule back in place, and he misses Evan more than ever.

 

 

In late January, he and Barty are in the sitting room, trying to figure out how to turn on the TV Lupin had introduced the house to, unaware it has to be plugged into the wall when Regulus walks in filled with a strange mix of elation and self-loathing.

 

Evan knows that look.

 

Barty evidently does, too, as his mouth drops open. “You fucked James Potter!”

 

Regulus looks utterly mortified. “I did not.”

 

“But you kissed him.”

 

“No.”

 

“Liar.”

 

“Fucker.”

 

“Shut up, the pair of you,” Evan says, cutting them off before they get lost in one of their stupid name-calling arguments that can last forever. 

 

Barty ignores him entirely, still teasing Regulus, still winding him up until, unsurprisingly, Regulus snaps and goes to hit him.

 

“Hey,” Evan blurts out, grabbing Regulus’ arm and yanking him backwards away from Barty, almost regretting it as Regulus’ fury transfers to him, and he has to think hastily to come up with a response to diffuse it.

 

“Don’t hurt him,” is all he says, and Regulus reacts with the driest possible look.

 

“Why? You know what Barty’s like. I could curse him, and he’d probably enjoy it.”

 

Evan can’t deny that, and Regulus knows it, so he wracks his brain for another reason to convince Regulus to calm down.

 

“Because you might pick the wrong spell, and I don’t think I have enough accidental magic to bring him back from the dead again like I did three months ago,” he chooses, figuring his reasoning might guilt trip Regulus into actually leaving Barty alone, but Regulus only scoffs at his answer and rolls his eyes.

 

“That is not what happened,” he replies scornfully before his eyes widen and his entire body tenses.

 

Evan doesn’t know where this is going, but he knows he’s going to hate it.

 

“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?” he asks in a dangerously low tone of voice.

 

Regulus isn’t afraid, but he doesn’t look like he’s enjoying being here as he says warningly, “you’re going to hate me for this.”

 

Evan feels the tension in the room becoming unbearably thick.

 

“Tell me.”

 

“I’ll show you,” he replies, wincing pre-emptively as he waves his wand and –

 

Cancels the oblivation spell.

 

Evan remembers.

 

“Regulus!” he shouts. “You oblivated me? You fucking took my memories –“

 

“It was only one.”

 

“And for what? To protect me? I bet that’s what you’ll claim it as. The great war hero Regulus Black can violate my fucking mind if it’s all in the name of the greater good, isn’t it? You didn’t even fucking ask – tell me you can see how fucked up that is. Do you even see it? What if I just take this moment now and never give it back to you? Is that okay? Or if I give it back, will you just say thank you and be on your way? What the fuck is wrong with you?”

 

Deep down, Evan knows why Regulus took the memory, why he saw it as being a small sacrifice to make compared to the bigger picture, but he’s still utterly pissed off about it and hasn't calmed down yet.

 

Regulus is just staring at him, taking his vitriol, which only makes him angrier.

 

“Fucking say something! Don’t just stand there! You know memories don’t always return to the right place, right? You could be the reason behind my fucking memory issues and panic attacks. Have you thought of that? What if you’ve scrambled my brain, and it never works again? Would you have oblivated all my memories if you decided it was necessary? Are you fucked up enough to do that? Fuck, have you got any more memories to give back to me –“

 

He’s distracted from his rant by Barty grabbing his arm in warning, and when he looks at Regulus, actually looks at him, he’s stunned to see him looking at Evan in horror, eyes wide, a tear on his cheek and his breathing shallow.

 

He looks like Evan knows he does during an episode, and even though he’s still fuming, he hadn’t meant to cause this –

 

“Reg –“

 

“That was the only memory,” he rushes out desperately, his voice wavering slightly. “That was the only one, and I’m sorry, and hate me all you want, but yell at me later because I have to check something.” Then he walks straight out of the room, and he and Barty unashamedly follow to eavesdrop on something related to Sirius, with whom Regulus is having a rapid-fire conversation in French.

 

Evan understands “il faut que tu me dises la verité” until Regulus sees them and immediately switches to Latin, which makes Sirius roll his eyes and causes Evan and Barty to give up on trying to understand and go back to the sitting room.

 

“Well,” Barty says cheerily, clapping his hands. “Kindly tell me what the fuck that was about.”

 

“You know how you almost died?”

 

“Yes…”

 

“And my accidental magic saved you?”

 

Evan can see Barty knows where this is going.

 

“You’re fucking kidding me –“

 

“Nope,” Evan replies lightly. “He took you and saved your life, I found you both and was going to kill him, but then he told me it was him, and we talked while you slept.”

 

“And then he took your memory.”

 

“Yup.”

 

“I think I should be more surprised.”

 

“Yeah, probably.”

 

“That war fucked him up, Evan, he hides it well, but he couldn’t hide that.”

 

Evan just shakes his head. “The war fucked all of us up, one way or another.”

 

Barty reaches over and grabs his hand with his stupidly always warm one, clearly trying to see if he’s about to slip away, but he’s not.

 

Not now, anyway.

 

It’s hard to be angry at someone when they’re in front of you crying, especially when it’s Regulus, so Evan tries to figure out what the discussion of memories could have possibly triggered for him as he squeezes Barty’s hand back in response.

 

 

Evan and Regulus’ fight continues for another couple of days of unnecessary glaring and petty comments until Evan hisses, “if you want to make it up to me, you can teach me the counter spell for that fucking curse.”

 

Regulus does, and then like friends do, they get over themselves, and things return to normal.

 

Another thing that goes back to normal is his and Evan’s not talking, not touching, not discussing their feelings or the overgrowing sexual tension between them that has been on and off throughout the past couple of years.

 

Sometimes the rule gets broken, usually during a fight when they’re all up in each other’s faces, and the anger clouds their mind too much to allow for rational decisions. Then they’re touching each other like they’re worried they’ve forgotten how, tasting each other like they never will again, but it always ends the same way.

 

Evan, pushing him away. “Not until we talk about us.”

 

Barty, trying to pull him back and failing. “Are we going to talk about whatever you said to my father?”

 

A long silence, a mutual surrender, the end of the loop and the beginning of the next.

 

Today is different, even though the loop begins the same way.

 

12 days since they last kissed.

 

Barty, desperate for something.

 

Evan, refusing to give him anything.

 

And before Barty has processed what he’s saying, the words are already out of his mouth.

 

“Fuck, you want to talk Evan? Let’s fucking talk then!” and then they’re both staring at each other, both surprised at his outburst, both feeling the weight of the conversation pressing down on them.

 

“No,” Evan says, trying to walk away, but if Barty had any doubts before, they’re gone now in the face of Evan's refusal.

 

They’re fucking talking.

 

“No? You don’t get to tell me to talk for almost a fucking year and then tell me I can’t talk when I finally decide to.”

 

“You can’t ignore my asks for you to talk and then expect me to listen –“

 

“Oh, but that’s exactly what I’m expecting, so sit down and listen!” he shoots back as he pushes Evan onto the bed, forcing him to do just that.

 

Evan looks at him. Waits. “I can’t listen if you’re not saying anything –“

 

“God, you fuck me off,” Barty hisses, staring at him, stepping away, wanting to step closer. “You fuck me off like no one ever could, and I think it started the moment you fucked off to your parent's house after I slept with Saskia –“

 

“Oh, fucking Saskia again –“

 

“Shut up and listen!” Barty repeats, because why the fuck is Evan making this so much harder than it needs to be? “I’m trying to admit when I first liked you –“

 

“But you don’t –“

 

“You think my patronus changed because I hate you?” he cries incredulously, his temper gone along with his filter. “You think we were platonic at all? Exclusive best friends, I said it, I know, and I was obviously in denial, but I’m not anymore because I’m figuring shit out, and one of those things I’ve figured out is us –“

 

“So what are we then?”

 

“Not best friends!”

 

“How convincing is that!”

 

“Right, you clearly don’t trust me with your stupid secrets about my father but have one of my secrets, Evan. Remember that day I got hit with the curse and I was freaking out for a couple of days before it?”

 

“You don’t need to do this –“

 

“I,” Barty continues, ignoring Evan entirely. “Someone who was still very much convinced we were friends, went to fuck Callum and screamed your name instead –“

 

“You fucked Callum?”

 

“Not the point, Evan! The point is, I clearly didn’t do that because I wanted to be your friend. I loved Regulus when we dated, still do in a different way, but it’s clearly not the same way for you now. Do you think I would have gone to Regulus’ parents dressed as a hooker if he’d ignored me? Do you think I wasn't fucking scared to admit we were real because I couldn’t bear to have it taken away from me? Do you think anything we do compares to what me and Regulus used to have at all?” His rant is over now; he’s said his piece, perhaps not very romantically, but Evan can’t deny he’s talking, and now it’s Evan’s turn to –

 

Stare at Barty like he’s never seen him before…?

 

“Was that a love confession?” he asks lightly, raising an expectant eyebrow, obviously waiting for his denial, but Barty has nothing left to lose.

 

“Fuck Evan,” he says, looking him in the eye. “Maybe it is.”

 

 

Evan has waited years for this moment.

 

Years.

 

Fucking years.

 

He puts his finger to his wrist, checking for the bracelet, the warmth confirming that it is, indeed, real.

 

This is real.

 

This is something.

 

It isn’t until Barty moves forwards slowly that he seems to jolt back into his body and then take a step back.

 

“No.”

 

“I’m sorry?” Barty asks incredulously. “I tell you, that, and your answer is no?”

 

“Yes.”

 

“You don’t get to debate my feelings. They’re mine!”

 

“Yeah, and you’re apparently feeling shit for me, so evidently, I can debate them.”

 

“It’s not apparent, I am –“

 

“Sure you are.”

 

“Are you even hearing yourself –“ but then they’re both cut off from their argument as the door swings open and Regulus walks in, undoubtedly feeling the tension in the room.

 

“Stop fighting, would you? It’s exhausting me. Just confess you love each other and move on,” he sighs exasperatedly, dragging them both out of the room, and they both look at each other and then very pointedly look away.

 

 

For the next few days, they’re thankfully distracted from discussing them while Regulus completely falls apart following his James abandons Regulus crisis, which turns into his I’m going to find James and then murder Albus Dumbledore obsession. 

 

A week after their initial argument, Barty tries again.

 

“You can’t ignore me now,” he says, standing in the doorway and watching Evan who is already looking at him with a warning in his eyes. 

 

“Barty –“

 

“No! Explain to me what the problem is here! You tell me you love me, and you’ve liked me for ages, I say I like you back and –“ Barty cuts himself off as a thought occurs to him that explains all of this.

 

“You don’t like me back anymore,” he concludes dully. “You’ve moved on, and I thought I’d caught up, but I’ve lost my chance –“

 

“I haven’t fucking moved on –“ Evan hisses, seeming annoyed by both Barty and his own confession. “Fuck, I still like you, but you don’t like me. You just think it’s a way to get off –“

 

“My life doesn’t revolve around sex, Evan, it revolves around –“ and then he cuts himself off, refusing to speak anymore, the last word of the sentence painstakingly loud, despite being unspoken.

 

“Barty –“

 

“No, fuck, I’m going to bed, and you can save your denial for tomorrow. Fuck it, I’m staying with Regulus again –“

 

Evan grabs him by the wrist and yanks him down onto the bed.

 

“Sleep here and stay on your own half of the bed,” he hisses furiously.

 

“I’ll sleep where I like –“

 

“Oh, like with fucking Saskia –“

 

They’ve kissed a lot of times, but never like this. Never like the world is ending, and they might not have tomorrow.

 

Never like they’re on the edge of a cliff, and they can see the cracks spreading underneath their feet.

 

Never like there’s a chance there’ll be nothing left when the disaster is over.

 

“I fucking hate you,” Barty tells him, pushing him away.

 

“Yeah, fuck, Barty,” Evan says, pulling him back. “Me too.”

 

 

Evan wakes to the feeling of an owl on his chest and knows today is going to be a bad day, purely because it’s one of those birds that keeps pecking at your fingers until they get a reply.

 

He glares at Barty, still asleep, in memory of the one he’d sent him, before returning to the letter, dreading its contents.

 

Evan,

 

This is the eighth letter your father and I have sent you since we last saw you, and it is unacceptable behaviour for our heir. To ensure that our family maintains its reputation and that we discuss the events of our last dinner, we have invited the Fawley family for a 3pm luncheon which you will attend.

 

We would love for you to arrive earlier so we can settle our disagreement before we face public company.

 

See you soon,

Your mother

 

“Fuck me,” he says tiredly, knowing there’s quite literally no way he can get out of this without putting himself and Melanie at risk of being interrogated, but that doesn’t change the fact there’s nothing he’d rather do less.

 

“If you’re offering,” Barty mumbles, still half asleep and staring up from under the covers, and Evan thinks there’s nothing he’d rather do more.

 

“We’re not dating remember so why would we do that?” he asks tightly, wishing they were, thinking of Melanie, thinking how the fuck he’s going to tell Barty who is currently –

 

Annoyed.

 

At him.

 

Again.

 

“How many times do I have to tell you –“

 

The door swings open, Regulus once again interrupting their argument, and Evan is tempted to tell him to fuck off until he sees how serious he looks.

 

Barty sees it, too, as he sits up and says, “what do you want from us now, Reg?”

 

“I just need one of you –“

 

“Where he goes, I go,” Barty interrupts, gesturing at Evan, and Evan hates, hates, hates the warmth he gets in his chest.

 

Fuck.

 

It’s not real; it’s just an illusion.

 

“Fine,” Regulus replies carelessly. “I need you to stay here in case Dumbledore tries anything with the house while we’re in Belgium –“

 

“In where?”

 

“That’s where James is, so I’m getting him out –“

 

“Pity.”

 

“Barty! One of you stay here at all times, the other can do as they please, and I’ll floo you once I’ve got him out –“

 

“If you get him out.”

 

“Barty, I swear to god, don’t test me right now.”

 

“It’s fine, we’ll do it. Ignore him, Reg,” Evan interrupts, trying to diffuse yet another fight, and Regulus looks almost grateful.

 

“Evan, he’s your problem now,” he says, gesturing to Barty before turning and walking out of the room.

 

“Well,” Barty announces. “Who gets the first shift of house-sitting?”

 

“You,” Evan replies, already tired. “I have luncheon with my parents.”

 

“How about you stay here, and I go –“

 

“Absolutely fucking not.”

 

 

His parents are thrilled to see him. Evan is only dreading the afternoon, which dulls the atmosphere of the reunion, but he tells them he’s fine and keeps his hand touching his wrist, making sure he stays grounded the entire time.

 

Talking with his parents is fine, actually. No one apologises, but no one blames anyone either, and they just move on, Evan telling them what he’s been up to while also telling them nothing at all and them filling him in on pureblood drama.

 

Then things start going downhill.

 

“So, how is Melanie? You never tell me much about her. Have you moved in yet, or are you waiting for marriage?”

 

Evan puts his cup of tea down and wraps his left hand firmly around his wrist with the bracelet.

 

“Everything is going well,” he replies, lying through his teeth. “We’re still waiting for marriage until we move in together, but we see each other weekly –“

 

“Weekly?” his mother asks, surprised. “You are aware when you’re married, you’ll see her a lot more than weekly, aren’t you? You should take her out more and show her that the Rosier family has a lot to offer. Do you need more money in your trust fund vault? Are you running out?”

 

“No, I have enough money,” he says. “And yes, I’ll take her to –“ and he wracks his brains to try and figure out something a girl might like. “Diagon Alley. I’ll take her there and buy a nice outfit for her, and then we’ll go out for dinner. Girls like shopping, don’t they?”

 

His mother beams at him and then looks at his father. “Felix, if you ever wanted to take me on a date like that, I would be well and truly grateful,” and Evan shares a glance with his father that he knows to mean women.

 

He makes up more lies about Melanie to satisfy his parents, doesn’t mention Barty once, and then the next question arises.

 

“So, it’s been over a year now that you’ve been courting. Is it everything you’ve hoped for, being in love?” she asks and Evan winces.

 

His parents notice.

 

“What was that wince for, Evan. Did she not say it back? Do not tell me you have broken up –“

 

“No,” he says, trying to find another excuse and wishing he were a better liar. “Neither of us have said it yet; we’re just taking things slow.”

 

His mother squints at him but nods eventually, and Evan keeps fiddling with his wrist, thinking of Barty.

 

Thinking of love, thinking of Barty; perfect synonyms.

 

The moment the doorbell rings, Evan is up and walking towards the foyer, greeting Mr and Mrs Fawley before he holds his arm out to Melanie.

 

“Can I interest you in another tour of the gardens?” he asks cordially. “New tulips are blooming that I think you’d like to see.”

 

“I’d love to,” she smiles at him, and Evan sees his mother nod in approval again.

 

The minute they’re in the garden and back by the fountain, Evan drops her arm and looks at her.

 

“What the fuck are we going to do?” he exclaims, gesturing wildly at the house. “I’ve just spent the past hour telling my parents about all the dates I’ve taken you on and all my plans to spoil you, and I don’t mean a fucking word of it.”

 

“Aren’t you sweet,” she says sarcastically, rolling her eyes. “I just tell my parents about everything I do with Lucinda, but change her name to yours,” and Evan laughs.

 

“I am not doing that with Barty,” he replies, shaking his head despairingly, and Melanie rolls her eyes again.

 

“You’re still falling for him?”

 

“He told me he loved me, and his patronus changed to match mine,” he admits, and Melanie laughs so hard that she almost falls into the fountain, but Evan reaches over to save her this time.

 

“And last time, you were all poor me. I love a boy who will never love me back. See, this is why I’ll never date a man; they’re just so stupid,” she says, wiping away genuine tears of laughter, and Evan threatens to push her into the pond again.

 

“Well, what did you say to that? I suppose you’re a happy couple now?” she asks interestedly.

 

“I told him I didn’t believe him,” he replies, bracing himself for –

 

“You are aware you can’t deny soulmates?” she asks, unimpressed again. “Love declarations, sure, people can lie, but changing his patronus to match yours? That is one of the only forms of tangible evidence of love that will possibly ever exist. You can’t deny it, pretty boy.”

 

“Awww, you think I’m pretty.”

 

“Well, I sure as hell don’t think you’re intelligent.”

 

“I’m so glad I don’t have to date you.”

 

“And I’m so glad my boyfriend is so sweet,” she shoots back before offering her arm. “Escort me back inside?”

 

Evan does and thinks maybe things won’t be too bad after all.

 

 

The luncheon is where everything falls apart.

 

It starts off fine as everyone makes polite small talk, both parents ask about their children’s courting, and he and Melanie help fill in each other’s stories of dates they’ve never been on and lives they’ve never lived, and it’s uncomfortable but bearable.

 

Then Mr Fawley looks at his wife, who nods, and then he looks back at Evan’s parents.

 

“Mr and Mrs Rosier,” he announces before looking at Evan. “We are thrilled to hear how you and our Melanie are finding each other’s company, and we believe that our houses have a lot to offer each other if a public alliance is declared. Therefore, we would like to offer a marriage contract for our children to signify a unification between the House of Rosier and the House of Fawley,” and Evan feels as though he’s about to be sick.

 

His mother presses a handkerchief against her eyes to wipe away tears of happiness and his father smiles as he shakes Mr Fawley's hand, and then everyone looks at Evan, who is looking straight at Melanie, who has pity in her eyes and a sad smile at her mouth.

 

Evan takes a deep breath, swallows back the bile rising in his throat, and says, “I’d love to.”

 

 

He manages to excuse himself ten minutes later under the guise of further discussing the marriage agreement with his new fiancée, and everyone beams at him when he says the word out loud.

 

Melanie follows him, neither of them talking until he gets to his room and goes straight to the bathroom, dropping to his knees and throwing up everything he’s eaten into the toilet, hating the life he’s been given and the trap he’s let himself fall into.

 

But it’s too late to be honest now.

 

He hears the tap running and a glass of water being handed to him. He leans back against the bathtub and sips away as Melanie sits on the basin and stares at him in bitter amusement.

 

“Honestly, not the reaction I was hoping for from my future husband,” she says lightly with no malice in her tone, but Evan only feels worse.

 

“Fuck, sorry, it’s not personal, it's just –“

 

“I’m not who you want,” she finishes, and Evan huffs a sad laugh and shakes his head.

 

“I’ll tell you a secret,” she declares, pulling out her wand and waving it over her hand, cancelling the disillusionment spell.

 

A small gold band with a red ruby sits around her ring finger.

 

“No!” he cries out in shock, staring at her incredulously. “You and Lucinda? You’re married?”

 

“Engaged,” she announces, staring at the ring adoringly. “I could tell my parents were planning something, and I didn’t want you to be the first person I got engaged to, so I asked her last night. You and I had a lovely trip to the art gallery, by the way.”

 

“Well, I fought with Barty, then we had hate sex, and then we ignored each other for the rest of the night, so I know where I would’ve rather been.”

 

“Not at the art gallery,” she sings with a shit-eating grin, and Evan shakes his head wryly, unable to deny it.

 

“I suppose I’m a homewrecker now,” he muses, and Melanie laughs as she hops off the basin and pulls him to his feet before they start the walk back to the conservatory.

 

“I’m sorry,” she says abruptly before they enter the room, and Evan looks at her in confusion. “I’m sorry it’s like this,” she clarifies. “I’m sorry, it’s me and not him.”

 

Evan just smiles ruefully at her, knowing they’re in the same position, as he reaches out and hugs her for the first time.

 

“Yeah, Melanie. Me too.”

 

 

Barty gets bored quickly and snoops around the house, already having found six cursed objects, two of which he’s hidden in his room, even though he’s sure Regulus will notice and demand he return them.

 

It’s more fun with Evan, everything is more fun with Evan, and he shakes his head again in self-disbelief as he wonders why it took him so long to realise he liked Evan, let alone loved him.

 

He knew instantly when he liked Regulus, but it took his patronus changing and a tsunami of different events and emotions for his brain to realise the same about Evan.

 

And now, because he loves him, he misses Evan, who has gone to his stuffy pureblood lunch with his stuffy pureblood parents who can’t take a joke to save themselves. It takes almost five hours until the floo chimes, and he comes down the staircase to see Evan standing in the living room with a lost expression on his face, making Barty’s chest squeeze instinctively.

 

“Evan?” he asks carefully, reaching out and holding his hand with one hand and checking he’s still wearing the bracelet with the other. “Evan? Is it happening again? Can you hear me?” 

 

Evan tilts his head towards him with his eyes looking utterly dead, and Barty feels himself getting scared again.

 

“Evan?” he repeats, shaking his shoulders, casting a warming charm, unsure why he’s having another episode now –“

 

“I’m not having an episode,” he says blankly, but Barty is anything but reassured.

 

“Did something happen?”

 

“Yeah, something happened, alright.”

 

“What happened? Is it your parents?”

 

“Kind of.”

 

“Is someone hurt?”

 

“They’re about to be,” he replies, finally looking at Barty, and he knows he’ll hate this.

 

That this isn’t good.

 

That he doesn’t want to know.

 

But he has to ask.

 

“What happened, Evan? What did you do?”

 

And with the same dead tone of voice, Evan announces he’s getting married.

 

 

Barty thought being hit by Moody’s curse and almost dying hurt.

 

It pales in comparison to this; the knowledge that his best friend, the love of his life, his literal soulmate, is getting married.

 

And it’s not to him.

 

He’s still far too shocked to be angry, or for now anyways, so he sits on the edge of the sofa and looks up at Evan. 

 

“I think you should explain.”

 

 

Evan does explain, and it makes a lot of sense, but Barty still wishes it could have been him.

 

He doesn’t want to marry Evan now; they can’t even agree that they’re boyfriends, let alone husbands, but part of agreeing to follow someone anywhere includes getting lost with them in the complicated web of pureblood politics and borderline-arranged marriages.

 

Except he’s also a half-blood and a boy, and he thinks there’s a genuine chance Evan’s father would murder him on sight.

 

“So,” he says, not entirely sure how to proceed.

 

“Yes?” Evan asks dully, still looking resigned to a fight, but it depends on the answer to his next question.

 

“Is it what you want?” Barty asks carefully, afraid of the answer –

 

“Why wouldn’t I?” he replies bitterly, a dead look in his eyes. “She’s from the Sacred 28, has connections in high places and is a respectable wife for a respectable Heir.”

 

All Barty cares about is that it’s not a yes.

 

“So that’s what Heir Rosier wants,” he says slowly. “What about Evan?”

 

Evan lets out a hysterical laugh that sounds more like a sob. 

 

“I just want you.”

 

 

Evan sits on the couch next to Barty, head resting on his shoulder, arm around his back, and they do nothing.

 

They just sit and do nothing and think of how unfair life is, and Evan wonders if this is Merlin punishing him for pushing Barty away too much. Still, it’s for the best that he keeps Barty at arms distance so he’s not dissatisfied with a half-life and being, for all official purposes, Evan’s mistress.

 

“We’ll make this work,” Barty promises, but Evan just shakes his head hopelessly.

 

“Will we?”

 

Evan doesn’t reply, so they keep doing nothing but pity themselves until the chime of a floo call sounds out, and they look down to see Regulus looking the happiest they’ve seen him since he came back from the dead.

 

“Is everything alright there?” he asks. “Nothing important happened?” 

 

Evan looks at Barty and then looks away.

 

“Nothing related to you,” Barty replies, which means something clearly has, and Regulus frowns but doesn’t press.

 

“Come to France,” he says. “Change of plans, we’re staying here for the foreseeable future until everything settles down and I figure out how to kill Dumbledore, so come over. I’ve added you to the wards.” He ends the call without waiting for their answer.

 

Barty sighs.

 

Evan does the same.

 

“At least one of us is having a happy relationship,” Evan says drily, slowly pushing himself up off the couch, and Barty purses his lips but doesn’t say anything.

 

It’s obviously not them.

 

 

Regulus deserves to be happy after the war he fought in and his terrible childhood, and Evan cannot deny that James gives that to him.

 

That does not change the fact that Evan hates them for dating each other, with no pureblood drama standing in the way of their happiness.

 

Regulus’ parents are dead. James Potter’s parents are supportive.

 

Barty’s parents are also dead, but Evan is afraid to find out whether his own are supportive or not. They had seemed to genuinely want him to be happy with whoever he was going to court, but he doesn’t know if the sentiment would apply if it were a boy.

 

Especially a boy who showed up at their house a year ago dressed as a hooker and asking to visit their son.

 

Barty tries to talk to him about it, and Evan ignores him, refusing his attempts to try and compromise. He figures it’s easier to push him away and wait for him to move on, even though a little voice in his head reminds him that he never will, not if his patronus changed before he even knew that he liked Evan at all.

 

But Evan misses Barty.

 

And they can be something, Barty is holding out his hand, and all Evan has to do is take it, but he’s scared that instead of Barty pulling him up, he’ll just drag him down instead.

 

So Evan hates Barty a little, too, for making him feel like this.

 

He hates James and Regulus, and he hates Remus and Sirius, and he hates Melanie and Lucinda and every other happy couple who have made life work for them when he can’t.

 

At the moment, though, he especially hates Sirius Black, who refuses to acknowledge Regulus and James’ relationship.

 

Could Evan care less about James? No, but since Regulus is involved, he and Barty are obliged to step in and throw around some intimidation to try to get Regulus his own way.

 

It works initially as he shoots hit after hit at Sirius Black, telling him what Regulus deserves, making it clear that Evan doesn’t think it’s him, and he’s ready to serve the killing blow when Sirius finally speaks up.

 

“Bit hypocritical there, isn’t it, Rosier?” he asks pointedly, and Evan pauses, because, what? Everything he’s been talking about has been about those in a relationship which he is definitely not in –

 

“There’s no point in making two people suffer when they’re happier together, isn’t it? You tried to tell me that about my best friend and my brother, but are you not doing the same thing to Crouch?”

 

“That is entirely unrelated,” Evan argues, even though his protest sounds weak to his own ears.

 

Sirius gives him a dry look in response, eerily reminiscent of Regulus. “Sort out your relationship with Crouch before you lose it,” he warns.

 

“Sort out your relationship with your brother before you lose him again,” Evan shoots back, which makes Sirius flinch. He walks out of the room with a hollow victory in his chest, returning to where Barty and Regulus are laughing about something in the upstairs sitting room.

 

Regulus goes back to fight with his brother some more, and Barty stares up at him, waiting for the recount, waiting for him to say something, but is too busy thinking.

 

There’s no point in making two people suffer when they’re happier together.

 

Because it’s not just him suffering, he’s making Barty suffer too.

 

And they’re happier together.

 

“Evan…?”

 

“Wait here and trust me, okay? There’s a couple of things I have to do.”

 

 

The Fawley Townhouse, where he and Melanie have been “living” for the past 6 months, is a nice house in Cambridge that Evan hasn’t actually visited before now, and so he takes a moment to look around at the old architecture and archways for doorframes –

 

“Who the fuck are, Rosier?”

 

Evan turns towards the other doorway. “Lucinda!” he calls out, grinning. “I hear you’re trying to steal my wife.”

 

Lucinda gives him the same intimidating look she used to give during quidditch practices, and it’s still scarily effective four years later.

 

“Lucy, who is it?” a voice calls from the hallway, and Evan smirks at her.

 

“Lucy?”

 

“Shut the fuck up, Rosier, you were a beater, but I could still beat you up,” she says warningly, and Evan doesn’t doubt that she’s telling the truth.

 

It doesn’t stop him from holding his arms out and saying mockingly, “I’d like to see you try –“

 

Lucinda steps forwards at the same time Melanie walks into the room.

 

“Evan?”

 

“My reluctant fiancée!”

 

She turns to him, utterly astonished, before bursting into giggles. “You literally threw up after our proposal, and you’re calling me the reluctant one?”

 

They’re getting off track, and he has too many other things to do today, so he just tells the truth without trying to sugar-coat anything.

 

“Melanie, I can’t marry you.”

 

Her laughter dies at once, and she gives him a rueful smile.

 

“You finally realised that your boy likes you back?” she asks teasingly.

 

“Yeah, something like that,” he replies. “You’re lovely, Melanie, and if I were to have a fake wife, then I’d want it to be you, but –“

 

“If you can have him, why would you have me?”

 

“Yeah, exactly.”

 

“I think it’s a sign our marriage was doomed to fail if there’s more emotion in the divorce than the proposal,” she says consideringly, and Evan laughs again.

 

“Probably.”

 

“So, what now?”

 

“Now, I tell my parents, not about Lucinda, of course, but I tell them about Barty, and then I see if they disown me.”

 

“Yeah, I’m not taking the risk with mine yet,” she says, grimacing at the thought.

 

“If you ever do, though,” he says carefully, “and it goes badly. I’ll give you money, or Regulus has plenty of houses or –“

 

“Not very feminist of you, Rosier, thinking I couldn’t do it on my own since I’m a woman,” she replies indignantly.

 

“That is not what I meant –“ Then he cuts himself off as he sees Melanie laughing at him.

 

“A joke, Evan. I forget if you’re stupid enough to date Crouch, you probably wouldn’t get it.”

 

Evan looks at her in complete and utter bemusement, then looks up at Lucinda. “I’m glad it’s you and not me who has to marry her.”

 

Lucinda smirks at him and raises an eyebrow. “Regardless of the outcome, you were willing to help Melanie, so I’ll give you a favour to help you and your man.”

 

“Barty Crouch.”

 

“You cannot make me say that out loud.”

 

“Say it, his name isn’t a fucking curse!”

 

“Says you, Death Eater boy.”

 

“Don’t have the mark, do I –“

 

“Do you want your favour or not, Rosier? One chance offer.” 

 

Evan tilts his head consideringly. “Lucinda, your father works at the ministry, right?”

 

 

Rosier Manor is full of childhood memories and dark magic, and Evan has a part of himself that will always call it home.

 

It’s never felt more ominous than now as he walks through the front door, through the family room with the Rosier family tapestry, and he wonders if the Rosier line is about to die out with his admission.

 

He finds his mother in the sitting room crocheting a blanket and assumes his father is in his study.

 

“Evan?” his mother says in confusion. “Is everything alright? I thought you were in France with Melanie?”

 

Another half-truth, but he’s had enough.

 

“I think you should find dad so we can talk.”

 

She forces him to follow her to his office, where his father takes one look at them and immediately puts down his paperwork and gestures for them to sit by the fire. When they have, they both look at Evan.

 

“Is everything okay?” his mother asks. “It’s not money you need? Or protection? Is someone after you –“

 

“I’m not marrying Melanie,” he admits before he can lose his nerve, effectively cutting her off, and his father’s eyebrows raise in surprise while his mother stands up and wraps him in a hug.

 

“Oh Evan, that must have been awful to hear; the right woman will come along soon –“

 

“Hang on,” he cries out incredulously, pushing her away and staring at her in betrayal. “What makes you think she broke up with me?”

 

“Because why would you break up with her?” she asks simply, and when he doesn’t reply, her mouth drops open.

 

“You broke up with her?” she asks in surprise, as his father says, “the Fawley family promised us good connections, a strong alliance, and a strong political future Evan. Was she not worth all of that?”

 

“I never wanted to marry her, and we agreed to pretend to court so we could date who we wanted and have our parents stop harassing us, but I couldn’t go through with it,” he confesses, silencing them both, and they surprisingly look offended.

 

“You thought we wouldn’t support your marriage?” his mother asks. “Evan, we told you we wanted you to agree to it. We wanted you to be happy; all we ever wanted was for you to be happy.”

 

“You thought we wouldn’t approve the match,” his father realises, staring closely at him. “Are they a Gryffindor? A muggleborn? A half-blood? That’ll be harder to get the family magic to approve, but we could make it work somehow… Evan? What is she, then? She’s not a muggle, is she?”

 

“Not a muggle.”

 

“Then a muggleborn?”

 

“Not that either.”

 

“Then she’s a half-blood,” his father concludes, frowning as he tries to place how he can make it work, and Evan thinks of Barty and his patronus and all of their fighting and then thinks what they could have instead. What they’re going to have instead.

 

And Evan looks his father in the eye and says, “yeah, he’s a half-blood.”

 

 

After telling the entire story, his parents are absolutely gutted.

 

His father outright refuses to accept it, and his mother keeps asking if there’s any way Melanie will take him back and if he’s sure he’s fully thought this through.

 

Evan expected this response but not the reasoning behind it.

 

“I’m sorry,” he asks disbelievingly. “You can accept me choosing to break centuries of pureblood customs and possibly ending our family line for a man, but you can’t accept that it’s for Barty?”

 

“You think I want hooker boy in my house again?” his father shoots back, and Evan still can’t believe what’s happening.

 

“He is not a hooker! I was ignoring him; he just wanted –“

 

“You think I dress like that when your mother ignores me?”

 

“Don’t fucking make me imagine it, what is wrong with you?"

 

“It would have been so nice to have another woman in the house,” his mother says despairingly.

 

“Sorry I’m not enough on my own,” he says, staring at his nails, not above guilt-tripping.

 

“Evan! That’s not what I meant; you’re always my favourite, always my son –“

 

“Will you still call me your son if it means you also have to call Barty your son-in-law?”

 

His parents glance at each other, and Evan’s mouth drops open. “Don’t fucking hesitate!” he says indignantly, but his parents still say nothing.

 

“So you’re one of those homosexuals then, are you?" his father asks. "One of the women in finance has a wife, and no one seems to mind –“

 

“I’m not gay,” he replies quickly, regretting saying anything when his parents stare at him.

 

“But you and Barty are both boys; does that not mean you’re gay?”

 

“I don’t know!” he cries out exasperatedly, this being a problem he’s been thinking about for years. “I don’t know who I like; I just know that I like him.”

 

“So that’s your type then?” his father says judgmentally, and Evan rolls his eyes, trying to figure out if his father is a homophobe or not.

 

“What, men?”

 

“Hooker boys.”

 

“He’s not a fucking hooker!” 

 

His father still looks reluctant, and his mother looks devastated at the prospect of not having a daughter-in-law to talk about girl stuff with, but his mother hugs him tightly on the way out, and his father stops him before he disapparates and puts his hand on his shoulder.

 

“Yes…?”

 

“You’re my son Evan,” he says seriously. “If anyone treats you differently for being one of those homosexuals, you tell them your father was a Death Eater,” and Evan shakes his head wryly.

 

“You are aware Barty and I were also Death Eaters, yes?”

 

“That’s enough talk about hooker boy today. Go tell him you’ve left your bride to settle for him,” and Evan laughs as he disapparates back home to Barty.

 

 

Evan has been gone for hours, and Barty can’t even harass Regulus to pass the time because he’s too busy having another one of his crises, and he respects him enough to leave him in peace even if he’s finding peace with James Potter.

 

It’s also very sad trying to wind up or insult Sirius Black when he’s already crying, so Barty walks around the house, gets bored, tries to fill in the time and just sulks, waiting for Evan to return.

 

But it takes hours.

 

The Black brothers are still fighting and being coddled by their boyfriends.

 

Barty is still bored and has no one to annoy.

 

The library is full of stuffy pureblood literature, and when he finally finds a book on Black Family dark curses, even that’s not exciting because he has no one to practice them on, so he’s utterly relieved when he hears Evan return.

 

He doesn’t know what he was expecting, maybe complaining, maybe excitement, maybe nothing at all, but it definitely wasn’t for Evan, the very person who has been denying Barty’s feelings and keeping them separate for months to push him against the wall and press their lips together.

 

Barty, shamefully, freezes in surprise, because nowadays they only ever kiss when they’re fighting or it’s late at night, and they pretend it’s just a dream. It's never in the daytime, though, and never when they’re clear-headed, and it’s never Evan who initiates anything unless he’s too angry for logic.

 

But there’s no way Barty going to complain, so he reaches his hands up Evan’s shirt and draws him in as he kisses him back.

 

He can tell immediately that it’s different.

 

There are no boundaries to it; the kiss is tender and limitless all at once, and when it’s finally broken as Evan pushes him away, there’s something new in his eyes too.

 

There’s no regret.

 

“Evan..?”

 

“I divorced Melanie and told my parents about you, and I want to date you for real,” he announces, almost euphoric in happiness as he rests their foreheads together, and Barty tries to make sure he’s heard him right.

 

“What?”

 

“I know,” Evan explains, seeming to understand exactly what he’s asking. “I know I said I loved you and then ignored you when you said it back and pretended your patronus didn’t mean anything, and I told myself you were just a manipulative little liar –“

 

“Which I am.”

 

“But I couldn’t marry her. I wasn’t lying when I said that, and what I told you after. I want you, Barty, fuck I just want you.”

 

“What did your parents –“

 

“They don’t care that I like men but hate that I like you,” he admits, and Barty laughs.

 

“Fuck it, I’ll date you then. If my father is too dead to disappoint, I’ll disappoint yours instead.” 

 

Having got his agreement, Evan looks at him again, his eyes glinting in excitement.

 

“What…?”

 

“So you know how you love big gestures?”

 

 

“Do you think we’re a normal couple?” Evan asks him as they walk through Croydon, casting anti-apparition wards and muggle-repelling charms around the neighbourhood.

 

Barty looks at him like he’s stupid. “Your parents call me hooker boy, refuse to meet me, and our first date is murder. Literally, what is normal about that?”

 

“Fuck, I’m just asking,” Evan scowls, but Barty knows precisely how to lighten the mood.

 

“Do you think Melanie will become my Saskia –“

 

“Oh, fucking Saskia –“ Evan hisses predictably, and Barty folds over in the middle of the street and laughs.

 

“I think my parents were right; I should dump you,” Evan tells him sincerely, and Barty rolls his eyes and grins at him.

 

“You can’t dump me now,” he says, smiling sweetly. “We’ve got a murder to complete.”

 

 

The problem with trying to kill one of the most proficient aurors in history is that their house is composed of more wards than most people read about in their lifetime, and they never fully relax.

 

When Lucinda returned from a quick meeting at her father’s study, she informed Evan that most of Moody’s wards on his home designed to kill or incapacitate are triggered by the Dark Mark since Death Eaters pose the highest risk to him.

 

All thanks to Regulus, though, he and Barty don’t have the mark, so they decide it sounds safe enough. They’re good with curses, know how to dismantle them, and have been learning more over the past 6 months, but they’re still casting their anti-apparition wards to ensure he can’t run away. He’d had to promise Lucinda another favour to get her father’s ministry connections to close off Moody’s floo network. 

 

Before long, they find themselves inside Moody's home, having had their blood boiled twice and their skin peeled off once, but they dodge the curses launched their way, cast the necessary counter-curses when they fail to do so, and laugh about it when the danger is over.

 

He and Barty can’t cast fiendfyre like Regulus can, which would have destroyed the wards quite nicely, but they didn’t become Death Eaters for nothing. They hear movement behind them and dodge the green light that flies into the living room, turning around so they’re staring, face to face, with Alastor Moody.

 

The person who almost killed Barty and sent Evan to Azkaban.

 

Whichever way this duel goes, someone isn’t leaving here alive.

 

It’s unsurprisingly brutal. During the raid, there was too much to look out for to truly concentrate, but he and Barty have uninterrupted focus now as they move towards Moody, fighting to kill. They can’t help but grin at each other as Moody stops casting offensive spells and focuses more on defence.

 

Nobody is talking, they don’t have time for conversation between the barrage of spells being cast, but it’s easier here than on the battlefield and it’s as though they’re just fighting for fun; there’s an extra motivation that’s giving them an advantage, a desperate need for revenge.

 

Dark curses always take longer to cast and need more magic than lighter spells, so Moody changes, which they dodge and weave away from until one hits Evan on his upper arm and his left forearm gets cut off at the elbow.

 

“You fucking dick,” he hisses in annoyance, redoubling his efforts, and when Moody realises he can’t win this duel and tries to apparate, nothing happens.

 

He tries to send a spell through the floo to request help, but nothing happens there either; he’s well and truly trapped, and when Evan looks at him, he knows that he knows it. When Barty disarms him and Evan casts incarcerous, it’s over.

 

“What have you done to me boys,” he growls from where he’s lying on the floor. “I’ll get you locked back in Azkaban, the pair of you –“

 

“For what?” Evan asks sweetly, grabbing his left forearm off the floor and dropping it on Moody’s chest. “There’s no Dark Mark and therefore no way to prove that I’m a Death Eater –“

 

“I’ll know, I’ll tell them this, mark my words –“

 

“How about you mark our words,” Barty shoots back, and in unison, he and Barty cast the same cutting spell Moody cast on Barty 6 months ago.

 

It’s almost lethal with one spell, and there’s no chance of survival if it’s cast twice, so they lean over him together and watch the light fade from his eyes.

 

“They’ll send you to Azkaban –“ he rasps out, but Barty just casts the spell a third time, making him fall silent, obviously dead.

 

They look through his chest and see the wooden floorboards he’s lying on, and Evan watches as his blood drips out of his own arm and starts to mix with it.

 

He feels lightheaded.

 

“Fuck my arm hurts,” he says distantly, and Barty sends another curse at Moody in annoyance before putting Evan’s still intact arm around his shoulders and walking out of the house.

 

“He sure does love his cutting curses,” Barty says casually as they walk through the gate before he smirks. “Aren’t you embarrassed he hit you and not me –“

 

“I’m sorry,” Evan replies indignantly. “I just had my arm cut off; you’re the one who nearly fucking died –“

 

“Sorry to disappoint.”

 

“God, I hate you –“ but Barty just laughs as he pulls him to the edge of the anti-apparition zone before they return to Grimmauld Place to officially announce their relationship.

 

 

“So what will we do now, once Dumbledore is dead, and the war is over?” Evan asks, later that night while they’re getting ready for bed.

 

“We do what we want, go where we want and be who we want,” Barty says simply.

 

“Not much change from before then,” Evan replies. “Where will we go?”

 

“Wherever we like,” Barty tells him. “We’ll take turns; first, I’ll choose somewhere, then you’ll choose somewhere.”

 

“And then what?”

 

“Then follow each other anywhere.”

 

 

 

After the war, things settle in Grimmauld place, and it’s time to move on.

 

Evan and Barty move back into their flat in Whitechapel and find a job in curse breaking, which lasts for 3 weeks until their boss discovers they were deliberately breaking into crime scenes and casting extra curses on the houses for the other to have to deal with.

 

Then following a recommendation, they work catching criminals in a specialist branch of the Auror department, but they get fired from that, too, because they kept recognising their criminal friends and then letting them go.

 

Instead of trying to find a new job, Barty has the idea to start their own business.

 

They work together as private investigators charging ridiculous amounts of money for guaranteed results as they reunite families and find fugitives, spending each month on a new case in a new continent.

 

They became the most successful workers in the industry; Evan tells everyone it’s because people find Barty so annoying that they tell him whatever he wants just to make him leave, and when they need a translator for foreign work, they drag Regulus along and let James come too who eventually grows on them.

 

They travel the world with their work, always living in summer, always staying somewhere hot and despite their everchanging lives, they remain each other’s constant. 

 

 

Evan’s parents remain disappointed for a long time; they loved Melanie and hated Barty, but as Barty does best, he grows on them.

 

He knows he’s made it when after 3 years of officially dating Evan, they go to spend Christmas day with them. Evan’s mother hugs him hello, and his father shakes his hand, and he has a Christmas present from each of them with his name on them under the tree.

 

Evans’ mother buys him a book called social customs for every aspiring pureblood.

 

Evan’s father buys him a shirt. 

 

 

He and Barty are in Italy one evening, having just reconnected a girl kidnapped by a mafia gang back with her wife, and they’re tipsy off expensive wine and victory on a clifftop in Sorrento when Evan realises the day is finally here.

 

There was no life-altering moment that made him decide it, the 26th of October wasn’t a date of significance until now, but as he stares at Barty and feels his heart beat for him, he decides it’s time. 

 

“Do you remember when we killed your father and I whispered something to him,” he begins, and then he grins as Barty looks at him incredulously, just as he knew he would.

 

“Yes, I fucking remember! I’ve only been asking you about it for the last eight years –“

 

“Regulus told him –“

 

“That he slept with me, yes, I remember, now are you going to finally tell me what you said?”

 

And with the sun beginning to set, the warmth never faltering with Barty by his side, Evan smiles fondly and shares his final secret he thought he’d only ever dream about.

 

“I told him I was going to marry you.”

 

Barty just blinks at him.

 

“But Evan,” he says confusedly. “We’re not married.”

 

“Yet.”

 

Evan gets down on one knee.

 

Barty says yes.
Notes:

    "Il faut que tu me dises la vérité" = You have to tell me the truth.

    I WROTE THE LAST FOUR LINES AT WORK IN NOVEMBER AND THERE WILL BE A 5 MINUTE CLIP OF ME ON AUCKLAND AIRPORT CCTV ABSOLUTELY BEAMING AT MY PHONE AS I TYPE AWAY.

    And when I posted chapter 10 (I think) and everyone was all "oooh what did Evan say????" I thought you'll have to wait a long time to find out lmao.

    My favourite bits of this interlude are:
    - Barty dressing as a hooker (iconic)
    - The bit in the kind of epilogue "Evan's father buys him a shirt" (also iconic)
    - The patronuses?!?!?!?!?!??!?! (iconic)
    - Melanie? (iconic)
    - Regulus getting drunk and wanting his brother (can't resist some Black brothers angst even if there was literally no angst at all)
    - "was that a love confession? Fuck maybe it is" and big gestures and I'll follow you anywhere (I love my déjà vu motifs)
    - Also Barty being all "yeah I thought of you when I cast my patronus" and saying all his ridiculously romantic stuff and being like "hey bestie!!"

    There are more notable mentions, and I absolutely love this interlude and am very proud of myself in case you can't tell- I really hope you like it and enjoyed the plot twists and enjoyed how it's not even sad and there are no cliff hangers.

    Thanks again for waiting patiently for it, and I can't wait to talk about it with you all now that it's out xoxo

Chapter 39: Chapter 29: November 1980
Summary:

    The first final battle

Notes:

    Honestly I wrote most of this chapter in a day and and then it took me 3 days to edit because I'm sick and can't focus as well as usual and got a migraine for the first time in years and went to bed for 18 hours.

    But live laugh love, I'm posting anyways from my bed with my curtains shut and my sunglasses on because the light hurts my eyes.

    I thought this chapter would be longer but it's literally 1 and a half scenes and I think you all kinda know what's coming, so there's only so much I can write until it's just clutter.

    Anyways, 2 chapters left now :((((((( Next chapter out within the next 2 weeks and then you'll possibly have to wait a bit longer for the epilogue (you might not I really don't know) when the mid semester break is over.

    Hope you enjoy :)))

    Also this fic just hit 400k hits?!?!?!??!!?!??!?!?!?! I remember when it hit 1k hits and I was screaming to myself in my room so thank you for reading it and liking it xoxooxoxox

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

November 1980

 

Regulus expects the week and a half leading up to the final battle to be more symbolic than it actually is, but he knows why; to most people, they join a war with the goal of finishing it and already have an end in sight when the fight begins. Regulus, however, has been fighting his whole life and doesn't think the end of this war will change anything; life will just find a new struggle to torment him with, and it will continue that way until the day that he dies.

 

He plans anyways because that's what he does best, but he also doesn't really bother; if he doesn't know enough magic to defeat the Dark Lord now, another week and a half won't change anything.

 

Regulus also, with a vague sense of detachment, tries to do something with what could possibly be the last 9 days of his life. Whichever way his and Voldemort's duel goes, someone is guaranteed to die, and he's already accepted the knowledge that there's a chance it could be him.

 

He goes to the patisserie in Paris that was his favourite growing up whenever he made trips to the city with his parents and orders two macarons, one vanilla and one lavender flavoured. They have the same taste that they used to and are full of childhood nostalgia, but the experience is tainted by the fact that it feels like a last meal.

 

He goes to Webber's Post, one of the best places in the United Kingdom to go stargazing, and wards it against muggles so he can have the moment to himself as he looks at his father, cousins, aunts and uncles. He finds his ancestors scattered across the milky way and wonders if he will have joined them this time next week.

 

He looks at the sky again. Finds his brother. Finds himself. 

 

He thinks of his family, thinks of what he'd want to leave behind if he were to die, thinks of Sirius.

 

Writes a letter. Wraps it around the memory vials. Spells it to be sent to him in the case of his death.

 

Knows he should leave it at that.

 

Doesn't.

 

Apparates to Camden, makes sure he's invisible, waits to see his brother.

 

Sees him walk out with his boyfriend, Lupin. With his friends, Potter and the Gryffindor girls. Watches him laugh. Watches him suck in a sharp breath and whip his head around in shock, staring straight at Regulus as though he's sensed him, inexplicably. Watches him blink quickly and look away. Pretends it doesn't hurt. Sees his brother disappear. Again.

 

Rewrites his letter. Screws it up. Unfolds it. Rewrites it. Hates it. Burns it. Rewrites it. Changes the ending. R.A.B. Regulus. Love Regulus. Regulus Black. Your brother.

 

Prepares it to be sent.

 

Writes his last poem.

 

Watches the sunrise.

 

Prepares for war.

 

 

Regulus' journal: 19th November 1980

 

Nobody ever has a stronger wish to live than the man who has just been told he cannot.

 

He can wish for a miracle all he likes, but wishes won't keep the sky from falling.

 

To die today is to die unfulfilled; there aren't many things I want from this life, but I fear I have left it too late to attain them.

 

I have places to go, people to see, and promises to keep.

 

There is no need to write poetry anymore;

 

It is time to become the poem.

 

 

Regulus doesn't really sleep on what is possibly the last night of his life and spends half the time staring at one specific star instead, hating how he's weak.

 

He spends the other half of his time internally berating himself for being dramatic. He's Regulus Arcturus Black; he won't die at the hands of a half-blood. It's not like he can say that his parents raised him, but he can't deny they taught him how disgraceful it would be somewhere across the years of locked cupboards, cutting curses and unforgivables.

 

But then he thinks what if?

 

And then he thinks as if.

 

And then he watches as the clock gets closer and closer to 8am before apparating into a warzone.

 

 

He's early, naturally, so he takes the time to cast some wards which won't stop any of the dark spells that Voldemort tries to send at him but may offer some protection against the more incompetent Death Eaters who try to maim him.

 

He's not deluded against the chance that he could possibly die today, but a larger and larger part of himself is absolutely refusing to; dying at the hands of Voldemort would be shameful, but to die in Tewkesbury would be utterly humiliating.

 

It's a small town, just larger than a village, with insignificant history and no artisan French bakery or art gallery, and he cannot die here in good conscience. However, it'll feel twice as good when he makes sure that Voldemort does; a disappointing death for a disappointing half-blood.

 

The war is almost over, or his role in it is anyways, so as he casts the wards and hears the cracks of apparation begin to sound out, he smiles; dark, dangerous, threatening.

 

The only definite about today is that it is going to be a massacre.

 

 

He doesn't reveal himself at first, too busy surveying the scene, hidden under a disillusionment spell before the imminent duel begins, but he's ready for it. He's been ready for this moment for a long time.

 

The first thing he does is check that the Order hasn't arrived; no Sirius.

 

The second thing he does is check to see which Death Eaters are there; just over a third of them, maybe 50, but no Evan or Barty.

 

Good, that's good. This means no one he values is here, so he doesn't need to watch who he kills. He assumes it's a certain group of them being trained or, more likely, punished, but he doesn't really care.

 

Most of Voldemort's elite inner circle, like Malfoy and Bellatrix, are also not here, which is reassuring because Regulus would struggle to fight them and Voldemort at the same time. Could he do it? Of course, he's Regulus Black, but he's not delusional enough to think this will be an easy victory, no matter how many or how few Death Eaters stand between him and Voldemort.

 

Voldemort still hasn't noticed him, assumably because Regulus still has the Dark Mark and isn't actively casting magic to allow him to recognise his magical signature, so the moment he casts magic is likely to signify the start of the duel.

 

Unless it can blend in…

 

Voldemort has everyone pairing off in what is Regulus' least favourite game, even though he faked his death before he ever had to play it himself. It's essentially a game of chicken where a pair casts spells at each other until the other is incapacitated, but it's also not like chicken at all because you can't surrender. There is also no limit as to which spells can be used, so someone could literally send avada kedavra at you, and Voldemort would scoff at your corpse and say how pathetic it is that someone with his mark would let themselves be hit. Then there is also the chance of Voldemort casting the same spell on the survivor of the duel; if the person dodges, it's shameful because you should take whatever the Dark Lord gives you, even if it's murder. On the other hand, it's still shameful because you should have been better not to let it hit you.

 

So it's lose, lose and unbelievably biased, but Regulus doesn't mind when he's not the one playing it.

 

He goes around quietly, waiting until Voldemort has his attention momentarily elsewhere, too busy cursing Death Eaters who aren't performing to the required standard, until Regulus does the same, practising various curses on various Death Eaters even though he barely recognises them under their masks.

 

Goyle grins when he sees his partner on the ground. "I cast stupefy so strongly that his chest exploded," he's bragging, but Regulus just rolls his eyes and casts stupefy at him to shut him up; he can't kill off everyone without it looking suspicious, but he can afford an avada kedavra here, a blood boiling curse here, a bone-breaking curse there, before something to his left catches his eye.

 

The snake.

 

Nagini.

 

The last horcrux.

 

 

Nagini is slithering by Voldemort's feet, striking out and hissing in the snake equivalent of laughter when they jump back in fright, and Regulus keeps half an eye out for the spellfire in the air as he slowly stalks after her.

 

He knows he only has one chance to do this.

 

He knows exactly what getting it wrong will lead to for himself, but he creeps forwards anyways, avoiding the jets of light in the air, avoiding anyone noticing his presence, and waits until Voldemort is distracted with casting crucio at yet another Death Eater before he points his wand directly at Nagini and casts fiendfyre.

 

 

His spell hits his target, and Regulus smirks as he listens to the screams; those of Nagini, which disappear quickly as she's burnt alive and the familiar black horcrux residue is released into the air, those from the Death Eaters who were unlucky enough to get swept up in the flames as well as those who survived but are besides themselves in shock.

 

Best of all, he hears the screams of shock, anger, and pain from Voldemort throughout it all, and only when the noise begins to die down, and spells are being sent his way through the fire does he cancel the spell.

 

He's never seen Voldemort look more enraged. His eyes are entirely red, he almost seems to be trembling with fury, and his wand is raised and ready to cast, even if his hand keeps moving, changing his target each time.

 

Regulus has also never seen the other Death Eaters look more fearful as they see their Lord standing over the ashes of his familiar that one of them just killed alongside at least ten of what were their fellow Death Eaters until a few seconds ago.

 

He watches with a detached sense of amusement as their eyes flick rapidly between each other, trying to figure out if it was their spell that did this, desperately hoping the jelly legs jinx they just cast doesn't have this effect on a snake, when a burst of emotional magic pulsing from the Dark Lord in waves hits everyone, causing them to stumble back a few paces.

 

Regulus doesn't think anyone has ever seen him look this angry, and he seems to be the only one amused by this fact, knowing he's the one who made it happen.

 

"Fiendfyre," Voldemort hisses, looking up with realisation in his tone. "Which of you idiotic fools thought it necessary to cast fiendfyre without my permission and kill Nagini and fourteen of my men? Come forth now, or I will crucio you all until your minds collapse."

 

Regulus knows Voldemort doesn't give a shit about the Death Eaters who died and that this is entirely about Nagini, but he thinks Voldemort would still carry through on his promise to kill everyone here or make them as good as dead if no one comes clean.

 

Everyone is looking around nervously, waiting for someone to admit it, trying to figure out who it could be because it's another lose, lose situation, and Voldemort immediately loses his patience in the face of their silence.

 

"Last chance, or I will kill you all," he hisses, a promise in his tone. "Which of you cast fiendfyre at the cost of Nagini's life?"

 

Everyone is still frozen, still trembling in fear, and Regulus takes the opportunity to cancel the disillusionment spell and walk through them, amused at the way they move immediately to allow him to pass. When he's standing metres away from Voldemort, he removes his mask and smirks in self-satisfaction as he meets his gaze.

 

"That would be me."

 

 

Everything happens in slow motion for a few seconds.

 

Voldemort's eyes narrow as he stares at Regulus.

 

Surprise flits across his face for a split second.

 

None of the Death Eaters dare to move in case Voldemort goes back on his promise and kills them anyways.

 

And then the moment is gone, and time speeds up as Voldemort shoots six spells in quick succession that Regulus deflects and dodges. Then there's another pause where Voldemort takes it upon himself to speak.

 

"Young Mr Black," he announces loudly, in case there's someone who hasn't recognised him yet. "You were my prodigy; it's a shame you turned out like this."

 

"What? As your successor?" he replies, arrogance still dripping from his tone as Voldemort's face darkens again, and it almost seems like he's throwing a tantrum as he hisses, "I am the Dark Lord and the greatest wizard of all time. I cannot be replaced, and I will reign forevermore –"

 

"But how can you be a Dark Lord if you are not who you claim to be?"

 

"Oh, do tell me what you mean, Mr Black," he asks, seemingly indulging him, but Regulus has his entire life story ready to use as ammunition.

 

"Well," Regulus replies carelessly. "There are many reasons, but they all point towards the undeniable fact that you are a fraud."

 

Voldemort takes visible offence to this insinuation, but Regulus is nowhere near finished.

 

"Secondly," he continues, "you claim to be the greatest wizard of all time –"

 

"Which I am!"

 

"But you're about to be defeated by a nineteen year old, which once again makes you a liar and consequently a fraud," Regulus continues as though he hadn't heard him. "Thirdly, you claim only the worthy can refer to you as the Dark Lord, but I am from the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black and have no issues calling you Voldemort -"

 

Voldemort's eyes narrow, and the duel begins.

 

 

Regulus laughs as Voldemort casts the first spell, having anticipated the rage-induced killing curse before he'd even apparated here. He moves carefully so that he and Voldemort are facing each other, and the Death Eaters are now at their sides; the perfect audience for the perfect duel.

 

One of the Death Eaters casts a muscle-weakening hex at Regulus, who scoffs as he blocks it and sends a killing curse back in response, while Voldemort shouts, "do not interfere; he is mine."

 

Some wands drop at this announcement, but others stay raised, held in suspense, unsure if a curse sent their way would be worse coming from their Dark Lord or Regulus Black, who they still can't believe is real.

 

Regulus sends out a few harmless hexes since they can't fight back and then figures the Dark Lord could order them to target him at any time and sends out more lethal ones instead, which he regrets as blood flies everywhere and lands in his hair and he half-entertains the idea of pausing the duel so he can immediately wash it off.

 

"You were a fool to come here, Regulus Black," Voldemort jeers. "But you can surrender to me; you still have my mark, and you are a pureblood I am willing to forgive."

 

Regulus would've rolled his eyes if he'd been able to afford the second of inattentiveness. "I already told you I know that you're a liar," he says, unable to help himself from causing unnecessary drama as he adds, "as well as a hypocrite, you half-blood."

 

Voldemort's eyes narrow into slits, and he hurries to deny Regulus' claims.

 

"The boy lies," he sneers, hexing any of the Death Eaters who murmur in shock.

 

"The boy does not," Regulus scoffs. "I am not the boy who grew up with muggles and needed Dumbledore to take him to Diagon Alley to buy second-hand robes when he was eleven –"

 

The duel recommences with another hissed spell that Regulus dodges and reciprocates, and it's unsurprisingly violent.

 

They're quite evenly matched, which Regulus can tell annoys Voldemort and only adds to his satisfaction. Voldemort does everything with complete and utter rage and has an exceptionally high magical ability. Regulus has the entire repertoire of Black family magic at his disposal that is too dark for most people to read about in their lifetime, let alone cast.

 

So Regulus casts spells to remove eyeballs and shatter bones and reduce the capability of the magical core, all of which have the potential to be deadly if unresolved. Voldemort shoots a handful of blue, red and violet spells at him that Regulus can't identify, but when he dodges one, and it hits another Death Eater behind him, they don't have time to scream before they're dead, assumably by spontaneous combustion, as Regulus feels more blood land on the back of his neck.

 

Some of the spells he casts are also designed to slow Voldemort down. A cutting curse, a freezing spell, and an incendio all leave Voldemort preoccupied for a moment to get rid of the distraction, but for every spell Regulus sends, Voldemort sends skin-melting and nail-removal spells in retaliation.

 

Whenever Regulus' spells land, Voldemort just hisses as though he's annoyed by them, and the two of Voldemort's that have hit Regulus so far are luckily just a bone-breaking curse on his arm and a cutting curse on his leg that he heals quickly before returning to the duel.

 

It's been no more than 10 minutes since it began, but adrenaline is still rushing through his bloodstream and refusing to let him feel tiredness or the strain on his magical core from the intensity.

 

Still, he's ready to keep going, ready to keep fighting, when Voldemort pauses and looks at Regulus consideringly.

 

Regulus pauses, too, wondering what he's going to stay while still keeping his wand ready.

 

"Do you truly believe you can defeat me, Mr Black?" Voldemort asks, seemingly entertained, and Regulus decides it's time to knock him further off his pedestal and show Voldemort just how much he underestimated him.

 

"Oh, undoubtedly," he replies carelessly, relishing in the way Voldemort's eyes narrow at the casual dismissal. "I have no issues ripping your apparent immortality away from you until I have destroyed every last tie you have to this Earth."

 

"You wouldn't know where to begin."

 

"I would begin," he says lightly, "with the locket of Salazar Slytherin."

 

A flash of what could almost be fear passes through Voldemort's face, and Regulus simply raises a mocking eyebrow at his reaction.

 

"You lie!" he repeats, and then he begins to cast again, but instead of before when Voldemort was indulging Regulus, it's now much harsher and darker as though he's just realised the true stakes of this duel with his newfound mortality status.

 

All the curses cast are lethal, and the sky is the neon green of killing curses, the red of blood boiling curses and the magenta of entrail expelling curses, and stupidly, all Regulus is feeling right now is the pure elation of having a proper duel for the first time in his life.

 

He's fought people plenty of times and always won, obviously, but the victories had always been so easy it was almost sad; however, this is a duel with a worthy opponent that he had to earn his place in because Voldemort wouldn't have started a duel with just anyone. This is a complex series of casting, dodging, weaving, and blocking in no discernible pattern as the tension grows higher.

 

And higher.

 

And higher.

 

Any Death Eater who is hit by a stray curse collapses to the ground instantly.

 

Every spell cast between himself and Voldemort has to be dodged since there's no counter curse and very few shields can successfully block them, and the longer the duel takes, the longer Regulus lives, the more irritated Voldemort seems to get.

 

"It's not too late to surrender, Mr Black."

 

"Is that you saying you can't beat me?" Regulus calls back mockingly.

 

He thinks he should have expected the intensity of the duel to jump up once more.

 

It's pure fury fuelling Voldemort's spells now, pure adrenaline fuelling Regulus'; there's no time to think, and it's pure instinct keeping them alive right now. It's as though they've reached a stalemate, but neither know how to call it, so they're waiting to see what the other will do.

 

Voldemort acts first as he tilts his head thoughtfully, a hint of sadistic pleasure in his eyes, and Regulus knows this won't bode well for him.

 

"I say," he muses, quickly casting a spell at himself instead of at Regulus. "What if I changed the properties of the Dark Mark so that the death of myself would also ensure the death of anyone who wears it? Would you still be so keen to fight me if our fates were tied together, Mr Black?"

 

"I'm not afraid to die," he replies truthfully. "Life and death are all the same to me."

 

This answer seems to annoy Voldemort, clearly not being the correct response he was looking for, but his lips curl up again as he says darkly, "If that won't convince you to surrender, maybe another use of the Dark Mark will." 

 

Regulus doesn't have time to ask what that means as Voldemort presses down on the Dark Mark on his own skin, and before he can stop himself, Regulus lets out a howl of pain that he quickly represses as his own Dark Mark genuinely feels as though it has a thousand knives stabbing through it.

 

It's genuine agony; cutting off his leg hurt less than this, and he's suddenly hit by the horrifying thought that he may need to cut his arm off and regrow it again. That thought alone is enough to bring all of the spite within him to the forefront of his mind, force himself to ignore Voldemort's jeering and the Death Eater's laughter as he forcibly occludes any and all sensation and emotion, and focuses on feeling nothing.

 

No feelings.

 

No emotions.

 

No sensations.

 

Nothing.

 

Then he shakes his arm and stands to face Voldemort again, his mind distanced from the throbbing agony in his forearm as he prepares to win the war.

 

"Nice try," he says derisively. "But that won't stop me."

 

Voldemort's eyes widen in what is possibly disbelief before it settles back into his usual sneer, and Regulus smirks again because it seems to wind him up whenever he does it.

 

"Oh, Mr Black," Voldemort replies in faux understanding. "You claim to know everything about me, but I guarantee you have simply deluded yourself in fantasies when you find yourself in too deep. Just put down your wand, and I will pull you free –"

 

"How about you go fuck yourself" Regulus scoffs, watching as Voldemort's expression darkens again, and the Death Eaters take a step backwards pre-emptively. "Do you want to know why I'm going to defeat you? Do you want to know why it was always going to come down to this?" he asks, uncaring of whether Voldemort replies or not because he feels the tensions mounting and knows the end is near.

 

Voldemort raises an eyebrow as though indulging a child throwing a tantrum, but Regulus doesn't care right now, not when he's about to deliver what is hopefully the killing blow.

 

"You are part of the sacred 28, but you are a half-blood," Regulus begins harshly. "You claim that everything you do is for the cause, but like any successful politician, your cause is built on lies and hypocrisy. You claim I don't know anything, but if I didn't, I wouldn't have visited Headmaster Dippet and learnt all that I did about you; I didn't get this far just to fail."

 

"And you think this means you can defeat me?" Voldemort asks with a burst of harsh laughter. "What else did stalking my old Professors teach you?"

 

"I know your mother drugged your father with a love potion, and I know they never wanted you, and you were raised in an orphanage, and you asked to stay at Hogwarts, and you got rejected for the Defence Against the Dark Arts position, and instead of dealing with it with any rational thought, you created your Voldemort persona –"

 

"It is not a persona," Voldemort snaps in genuine offence. "It is my name, my identity, the very essence of who I am. The key to defeat me will not be found in trivial childhood anecdotes."

 

Regulus stares at him coldly as he tells Voldemort precisely what he's missing here. "I found the key in my house elf that you left to die." 

 

Voldemort scoffs disbelievingly, but Regulus doesn't let him interrupt.

 

"Kreacher led me to a cave, to Lucius Malfoy, to Little Hangleton, to Gringotts, to Hogwarts, to here, and I have destroyed all six of your horcruxes and plan to do the same to you."

 

Voldemort looks moments away from recommencing the duel, but Regulus has one more sentence to get out.

 

"You claim I don't know anything," Regulus continues, nearing the end of his monologue. "You claim I'm just a follower, just another one of your pawns, but how can that be true if I learnt everything about you just to know exactly how to kill you?"

 

"So, Tom," he says lightly, tilting his head in mock thoughtfulness before his face loses all emotion. "Riddle me that."

 

Voldemort visibly falters for a single second, and Regulus takes the opportunity to cast the killing curse that Voldemort doesn't have time to deflect, which hits him square in the chest. 

 

He drops to the ground.

 

Dead.

 

And then the war is over.

 

 

There is a long, communal sense of disbelief amongst Regulus and the remaining Death Eaters for a solid twenty seconds as they all just stare, shaking their heads as their brains fail to process what has happened.

 

Because, that's their Dark Lord. That's the man some of them have served for thirty years, the man who claimed to be the greatest wizard of all time, which they believed until a skinny, malnourished kid threw some big words around and struck him in the chest with a correctly timed spell.

 

Even Regulus has the same detached feeling because he was raised to serve Voldemort, but he's just gone against everything his parents raised him to be. He honestly thinks they'd have punished him more for killing Voldemort than killing them, but it's not as though he'll ever find out.

 

The other main question contributing to his detachment is what is he going to do now?

 

His entire life was tailored to follow the Dark Lord, then that switched abruptly to kill the Dark Lord, and now, he's done it.

 

He's done it.

 

Even after checking the Dark Lord's pulse with a wave of his wand and seeing the visible proof of his death is still making him gape in incredulity.

 

Then he senses movement behind him and hurriedly throws up a shield, reflecting the crucio sent his way.

 

"If you leave now, you can go find a new Lord to serve," Regulus calls out to the remaining Death Eaters. "If you don't, I'll kill you."

 

There's a long pause, then cracks of apparation begin to sound, slowly, then much more quickly, as Regulus sends another killing curse at the Death Eater closest to him, and everyone realises his threat was a promise.

 

There are still a few who don't take him seriously, still a few who try to fight him to avenge the Dark Lord, but Regulus just litters the floor with more bodies, barely breaking a sweat until he's the only man standing on the field in Tewkesbury where the war ended.

 

It's anticlimactic.

 

Surreal.

 

A fever dream.

 

He absentmindedly heals the cut on his forehead, restraightens his hastily mended ulna so the break is mended correctly and then almost drops his wand as he sees his scratched and bloody but ink-free forearm.

 

There's no Dark Mark.

 

There's no –

 

His spell worked.

 

His plan worked.

 

Everything worked.

 

He's ended the war.

 

Before he can stop himself, Regulus sits on the field he turned into a graveyard and begins to laugh.

 

He doesn't know what he's going to do with his life now.

 

Doesn't know what he's going to do tomorrow.

 

Doesn't have any sense of direction.

 

Doesn't know anything except how to keep his promise.

 

"I'll see you again, then?"

 

"Inevitably."

 

So he stands up, brushing the dirt off his robes, fully aware that it doesn't really make a difference amongst the blood and grime coating his skin, and he keeps his promise as he goes back to his brother.

 

"When all of this is over, you come find me again, and you stay however long you need to, and I show you what it is to live."

 

Regulus is still sceptical, doesn't know if he believes him, doesn't know if it's possible, but –

 

Well. 

 

If he were to ever trust anyone, it'd be him, so he stands up, levitating Voldemort's body as he goes and apparates back to Grimmauld Place to announce the news.

 

Sirius , he thinks pointedly in both a warning and a plea. You better keep your promises.

 
Notes:

    Dead. Good riddance.

    Honestly if any of this chapter surprised you then I genuinely don't know why (except maybe the last couple of lines? Which weren't planned until I started writing this but were wholesome and a good segway to the post-prologue timeline).

    First timeline done :(((((

    Also the macaron flavours are based off when I went to these french conversation classes when I was at uni, so if you're ever in Palmerston North in New Zealand (although literally why would you go there), go to the Alexandre Patisserie and get some macarons and a vanilla milkshake because they're the best things of my life.

Chapter 40: Chapter 30: June 1981 - July 1981
Summary:

    The (second) final battle

Notes:

    Here at the end of the post-prologue timeline :((((( I'm honestly kinda sad about it because that means the fic is nearly over- only 2 chapters left.

    If you are one of the people who are waiting for this fic to be finished before you read it, then I'm genuinely sorry because I keep upping the chapter count lmao.

    Uhhhh same TW apply as always, but this chapter is considerably more violent than usual??? But it's what you'd expect I suppose so just more death and violence.

    There is a french translation in the end notes HOWEVER THE END NOTES HAVE SPOILERS SO I RECCOMEND HOPING YOU GET THE GIST OF THE FRENCH AND KEEP READING OTHERWISE YOU WILL GET SPOILED. But do what you like xoxo

    Enjoy the plot twists, the chapter starts off fine and everything is great until it isn't, but just trust the process; it's the grand finale after all :)))

    I have genuinely never been more afraid for you comments, but I'm excited anyways.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

June 1981 – July 1981 

 

"Have you thought –"

 

"Regulus!" James cries out in pure frustration after spending the past two weeks in this very same loop. "Stop it, okay? I'm not changing my mind."

 

Regulus narrows his eyes from where he's standing by the wardrobe, getting ready for bed, and James counts to ten in his head and reminds himself that Regulus is only doing this because he loves him.

 

That doesn't change the fact that it's making him slowly lose his sanity.

 

He and Regulus barely talk now, or rather, they barely talk about anything when they're not fighting.

 

"Have you thought about the fact that you're possibly leaving Evans to raise your child fatherless if you do come to kill Dumbledore with me?" Regulus asks.

 

"I've thought about a lot of things," James replies tightly, "and all variations of my thoughts end the same way, with me coming with you."

 

"James, think about it properly –"

 

"Regulus, respect my wishes –"

 

"James!"

 

"Regulus!"

 

A narrow-eyed glare.

 

A plea to stop.

 

And around and around and around they go.

 

It's honestly exhausting, and James has had enough; he's made his mind up, and he knows that there are risks beyond just himself, risks that involve the baby and his boyfriend and his best friends, but they're risks he's willing to keep those he loves safe.

 

Would he prefer for Dumbledore to be arrested instead of murdered? Admittedly yes, but James knows how to pick his battles and has been fighting enough with Regulus recently to bother trying to convince him of this.

 

Regulus seems to swing between two moods; it's either pure excitement or pure fear, even if he doesn't seem willing to truly express either.

 

James wants to talk about it with him, wants to be there for him, wants them to be there for each other, but all Regulus wants to talk about are reasons why James should stay home and stay safe and leave Regulus to it.

 

But James is tired of it.

 

And he doesn't want to fight anymore.

 

Regulus looks over at him, having put on his pyjamas, and seems to brace himself for another argument.

 

"Statistically speaking –"

 

"I miss you," James hears himself say before he can hold back the words, and for some reason, this seems to be the way to get through to Regulus, as he visibly flinches, staring at James and looking oddly lost before his mask slides back into place.

 

James waits for it…

 

"Well, I'd miss you a lot more if you came to fight and died –"

 

"Regulus, shut up for once in your life, I'm fucking begging you," James cries, officially at his limit as he pushes back the covers, pulls Regulus by the wrist, genuinely manhandling him until he's in bed and then James lies back on his side of the bed, arms folded across his chest, and the entire time, Regulus goes willingly, seemingly too shocked to protest.

 

"James…?" he asks more hesitantly than before.

 

"No, you've lost talking privileges; just stop for a while," he orders, and Regulus blinks rapidly and then does as he's told, eyes wide, cheeks flushing pink and mercifully, oh so mercifully quiet. 

 

James only misses him more.

 

He loves Regulus, wholly and truly; there's no debate there. He knows that fact like the sun knows the stars, but he cannot spend another three weeks listening to Regulus recite all the ways he's possibly going to die and why he should let Regulus be the one to risk it all instead.

 

James knows what he's risking; he's a month away from being a father, but he's willing to die to end the war; he'd rather his child grow up without a father than without a childhood. He'd do it because he loves his future child and Lily and all of his friends, and he's always been someone who fights for what he believes in, and there's also the entire problem that this is partially his fault. Because Dumbledore sent him and Lily to the safe house because of him. Because of his connection to Regulus. Because Dumbledore knew he was trusting enough and gullible enough to believe him.

 

Regulus tells him not to blame himself, but it's hard sometimes.

 

James lives a good life, a privileged life, he knows this. But it is hard sometimes.

 

He's guilty about the safe house, worried about being a father, stressed about Regulus withdrawing, and it's all accumulating into sleepless nights that only worsen his stress.

 

It's a good life, he's happy to be living in it, but it's hard sometimes. And he just wants his boyfriend, who will roll his eyes at his jokes and smile when he looks away, the one who leaves him flowers and denies they're from him. He wants the boyfriend he had before Sirius dropped that folder on his lap and told him how to kill Dumbledore.

 

James honestly doesn't know how much more fighting and arguing he can take. He's going into this fight knowing he could die, and he'd do it willingly; he won't kill, can't imagine ever doing it, but he knows that he would die for someone.

 

He doesn't want to, but he would, and knowing that, he doesn't want his last memory of Regulus to be a fight, but he will not back down. Not with this. He refuses to. If his boyfriend and best friends are going to war, he'll go with them, regardless of how persuasive or annoying or manipulative or guilt-tripping his boyfriend tries to be to prevent him from it.

 

He knows it comes from a place of love, even if it's almost intolerable at times, but as intolerable as he can be, he's still Regulus.

 

And James still loves him.

 

He breathes in. Breathes out. Rolls over.

 

"I miss you," he repeats, quieter, more vulnerable this time, and he sees the way Regulus flinches again. Breathes out. Seems to swallow the words on the tip of his tongue. Chooses something else to say instead.

 

"I'm right here."

 

It takes James a few seconds to figure out how to speak again after the intense relief he's feeling that Regulus is willing to listen to him. 

 

He's right here.

 

Except –

 

"You're not though," he tells the ceiling. "You're stuck in a future that may not happen where you're all alone again, and you're forgetting that we have each other now."

 

Regulus looks unconvinced at his argument, and James sighs.

 

"You can't protect me from everything Regulus," he says softly, and Regulus' entire body stiffens as though if he pretends he's not real, he can pretend what James is saying isn't real either. "You can't protect me from everything, and if anything does happen, it won't be your fault."

 

James is expecting another fight and not for Regulus to keep staring at him, looking haunted, before he says quietly, "I can try, though. I will try."

 

"It's not your job to protect me."

 

Regulus just shrugs, unbothered, and says, "I'll try anyways."

 

James doesn't know how he can't see what he's missing here.

 

"And if I want to protect you?"

 

"You can't."

 

"How can you not see the hypocrisy?" James asks in incredulous disbelief.

 

"Oh, I can," Regulus replies immediately, "I just don't care. You're not dying, James."

 

"I would so my son can live without war," James counters. "Do you want me to put my life over my child's?"

 

"I want you to put your life over mine."

 

"Not happening, not ever, so don't try to fight me on it."

 

"But –"

 

"Regulus, stop!" James cries out, finally at his breaking point. "Stop fighting me, stop arguing, just stop it all! You're allowed to be worried, and you don't have to be okay, but have you thought about the fact that none of us are okay either?" The way Regulus' eyebrows have flown up and his eyes have widened in surprise show that he probably hasn't thought that at all. 

 

Well. James is here to educate him. 

 

"I know you're finding this hard; I know you have the most personal stakes in this, but that doesn't mean it's easy for me. I'm going for you, and I am not going to hurt anyone, but I'm going to protect you any way I can because I love you. You make it seem like it's an easy choice to stay home, but it's harder to say no to you each time because I don't want to fight, and I don't want you to fight, but you are, so I am. And I'm worried there'll be someone who tries to hurt you that I won't be able to stop them because I can't hurt them, and you bring it up all the time, and I fucking know –"

 

James is crying before he realises what has happened; too much kept inside him, and it's all bursting out, with Regulus getting the brunt of it. But he shouldn't be crying because it's Regulus who is having the hardest time with this, and James shouldn't be crying, but he can't bring himself to stop.

 

The sun is composed of seven layers, and if someone were to ever peel the layers back one by one, if they could get past the bright lights, warmth and visual illusions, all that would be left is the core. 

 

James feels a bit like that now, as though life has slowly been stripping away his layers, and Regulus has peeled back the last one and all that's left is James at his core, scared, tired, and vulnerable. 

 

He feels Regulus' arms come tentatively around him and can feel how stiff and unsure his body is. Still, James slumps into him, tired of holding himself up, and Regulus makes a fussy concerned sound as he tugs him closer.

 

"Should I get Sirius?" he asks fretfully, as though he's worried he's comforting him wrong.

 

James only shakes his head against his chest. "I just want you. You're all I need," and Regulus makes a gutted sound like it's the last answer he was expecting before he begins to card his finger through James' hair with the other hand rubbing his back, hesitantly at first, then more sure as James slowly begins to calm down.

 

"Sorry," James says, forcing himself to laugh as soon as he's stopped crying. "Sorry, I wasn't planning on doing that –"

 

"There's nothing wrong with crying, and there's nothing wrong with needing someone; that's what you tell me, James," Regulus interrupts, cutting him off gently but firmly, and James slumps into him again. He feels bad as Regulus tenses again but can't find it within himself to pull away.

 

He needed that. 

 

The last time he cried like this was months ago after he got out of the safe house and fought with Sirius, and there's been a couple of cries in the shower, a couple of cries when no one was around, but there's something nice about being comforted while you cry instead of having to do it himself.

 

"I didn't mean to make you cry," Regulus says softly, swallowing heavily, and now James feels bad for upsetting him.

 

"It wasn't you," he says honestly, "it was just everything; it all became too much, you know?"

 

"Am I doing it right?" Regulus asks abruptly, making James raise his in silent question, but Regulus takes silence as confirmation and just, wilts. "I can never get it right," he confirms quietly, sounding dejected. "I promise I'm trying; I'm sorry it's not enough."

 

James is understandably confused. "Reg, I don't know what you mean."

 

"The way I love you," he says quietly. "I'm not doing it right, am I? You can tell me."

 

"Regulus," James replies, blinking slightly, still not fully understanding what Regulus is thinking. "I know you love me," but this seems to be the wrong thing to say as Regulus grimaces and gets the pained look back on his face again.

 

James would do anything to make it disappear.

 

"But do you feel loved by me?" he asks, looking like he's dreading to know the answer.

 

"They're the same thing."

 

"They're not."

 

"They are when it's you," and James watches as Regulus previously stressed and worried face goes soft all over. It's rare that James gets to see him like this, rare that Regulus lets himself let down his mask for long enough to show it.

 

"I think it had to be you I fell in love with," James tells him, finding Regulus to be the best way to distract himself from his breakdown even though he technically set him off in the first place. "I've spent my whole life with my feet on the ground, but you, you stupid, ethereal little star swept me into your orbit to show me the constellations, and now you're the centre of my world. You like the immensity of outer space, but it holds nothing to the immensity of my love for you."

 

"Technically, Regulus is a star system made up of four different stars, so it's impossible to orbit it," Regulus replies, but his eyes are teasing, and he looks pleased.

 

James stares at him fondly for a few seconds before the moment starts to fade, and he sighs again.

 

"I miss you," he repeats, "I do, though", he says when Regulus turns over to frown at him. "I miss how we were before your birthday, and I miss how we'd sneak out at night, and I miss how we used to be. I wish we could go back in time to 6 months ago when we'd just started seeing each other properly. No war. No pressure. No worries. Just us." 

 

He glances over at Regulus, who seems to be fighting very hard not to say something, and James knows exactly what it is.

 

And so he waits for them to go in another circle, hoping they won't anyways, until Regulus shoves the covers off himself and walks into the wardrobe without saying a word. James feels his heart sink and wonders if Regulus is annoyed or upset when he comes back, pulling a sweater over his head and throwing one at James, staring at him blankly until he hesitantly puts it on.

 

"Come make pancakes with me," he says softly, reaching out his hand for James to take, but James just stares at it, then back at Regulus' face in surprise.

 

He was expecting another fight, being ignored, Regulus bringing up the same arguments over again, but not this. Whatever this is.

 

"What?" is all he can manage, and even though James can't see him properly in the dark, he can inexplicably sense the way his lips curl up more and more the longer James stalls.

 

"You said you miss us, and this is the very first thing we did together when we became us," Regulus replies, a hint of a smile in his voice. "So come make pancakes with me, James."

 

James pulls Regulus' hand towards him and kisses his knuckles lightly before he lets him pull him out of the room.

 

 

They fall into their usual rhythm of James asking to help and Regulus refusing to let him for a myriad of ridiculous reasons, so James takes it upon himself to talk, try to make Regulus laugh, and steal chocolate chips from the bowl when he's not looking.

 

"At least let me add the baking powder –"

 

"Last time you used baking soda, so no, you can just sit there and look pretty," Regulus scowls, ignoring James as he measures all the ingredients, levelling each measuring cup with a knife so it's perfectly even.

 

"You think I'm pretty?" 

 

Regulus' head snaps around so fast James swears he hears something crack.

 

"Oh, you do; you think I'm pretty," he crows, utterly delighted as he reaches out to touch the pink flush painting Regulus' cheeks.

 

"Pretty fucking annoying," Regulus mutters, but he can't hide the small smile at the corner of his mouth that James leans in to kiss.

 

"I love you," James tells him.

 

Regulus hums noncommittally.

 

"I love you," James repeats.

 

"That's nice."

 

"I love you, babyyy," James sings, laughing as Regulus scrunches his face up and moves away to the stove even as his lips curl up again against his will.

 

It feels like their own little world here, like there are no wars to win, brothers to fight with, or exes to get jealous over. It's just the two of them, and while James is aware there's a chance he could die next week, no part of him wants to, so he's going to embrace every moment, just in case.

 

So he watches Regulus, feels his heart beat for him, as he makes perfect pancake after perfect pancake, all measured out with the soup ladle so they're all the same size and same diameter while Regulus pretends to ignore him, but James catches him watching him out of the corner of his eye.

 

"Did you know many ancient civilisations thought the sun was a god?" Regulus asks out of nowhere, making James turn to look at him in slight bemusement.

 

"They what?"

 

"It's true! They loved the sun and thought their one true purpose was to worship it."

 

"That's stupid," James says dismissively.

 

"Yeah, I thought so too," Regulus says before he looks back at James, and his face softens all over. "But I get it now."

 

James feels himself falling all over again.

 

 

Sirius wakes up and goes down to the kitchen to make himself and Remus tea when he sees James waiting with a guilty expression on his face.

 

"No," Sirius warns. "If this is about my brother, I don't want to hear it. If you love him, great. If he's a dick, I told you so. If it's anything else, I don't want to know."

 

If anything, James only looks more guilty, and Sirius sighs.

 

"This is about my brother, isn't it?"

 

He doesn't know what he's expecting; maybe they're fighting, maybe James forgot some anniversary or whatever, but he's not at all expecting James to blurt out, "He wants to die for you," sounding genuinely distressed, which makes Sirius suck in a sharp breath and try not to think about the 6 times he's already had to grieve his brother.

 

James' guilt is making a lot more sense now.

 

"He told you this?" he asks carefully, and James grimaces with the special brand of Regulus-induced exasperation that Sirius knows all too well.

 

"He implied it," James replies. "He said we should respect his wishes to value our lives above his," and Sirius knows it's not funny at all, but he can't help but be amused.

 

"So Reggie is stupid as fuck, I knew that already. Anything else?"

 

"I'm just warning you," James tells him, refusing to laugh as his expression turns serious, and he almost seems to force the following words from his lips. "Just in case, you know?"

 

Sirius knows what James is really asking here. Knows the question lying between words. Knows James already knows the answer. He and Regulus love in different fonts of the same poem, after all.

 

Sirius only has one thing to say on the matter, which makes his stance very clear.

 

"I will not bury my brother."

 

 

The morning of the 15th of July comes around and begins, unsurprisingly, in an argument. 

 

"It's not too late to back down –" Regulus begins, staring at everyone in the living room.

 

"Regulus…"

 

"I swear to Merlin."

 

"Shut up."

 

"Fuck's sake, is he always like this?"

 

And Regulus scowls at the chorus of protests that cut off his speech before he can even begin.

 

"I'm just checking," he says irritably before occluding and moving on to the next point in his pre-battle agenda, his mind carefully blank and entirely focused on the battle.

 

"What plan?" Mary asks, and everyone glares daggers at her as Regulus clears his throat.

 

"Well, the ideal plan is you all stay here –"

 

"Regulus!"

 

"Yes, shut up Sirius. Since we're not following my plan, we follow my least favourite plan, where all of you come to kill Dumbledore with me, and none of us die."

 

"And if we do?" Mary asks, grimacing at the thought but asking anyways.

 

"We don't," Regulus says sharply, firmly ending the conversation.

 

 

They apparate to Hogsmeade, and Sirius starts to walk towards Honeydukes until Regulus realises what happened last time he went through that passageway and refuses to let his brother pass through it in case it's cursed.

 

"We're not going through the tunnel," he calls out quickly, which causes everyone to sigh at his stupid little rules; Mary and Barty look equally exasperated, Evan and Remus look like they didn't sign up for this and James and Sirius stare at Regulus, unsure if they should be concerned (James) or yelling at him (Sirius).

 

It's Sirius that everyone looks to with a He's your brother, you sort this out look, who turns to face Regulus, looking resigned to another argument.

 

"Regulus, how will we kill Dumbledore if you won't let us enter the castle?" Sirius asks frustratedly, and Regulus glares at him, unreasonably annoyed that he didn't just know what he was thinking.

 

"We're getting to the castle, just not through the tunnel."

 

"Why not?"

 

"Why do you think?

 

"Well I'm not thinking anything –"

 

"As usual –"

 

"Fuck's sake Regulus, give me an answer, will you?"  

 

Regulus scowls heavily at the way everyone is watching him. "What happened last time I came to Hogwarts and used this tunnel?" he bites out, ignoring the harsh pain in his chest at the memory, and Sirius looks at him with his stupid face full of stupid pity, and everyone sees it.

 

"Fuck, okay, not the tunnel then. Any other way in…?" and then he breaks off, glancing apologetically at Remus, and Regulus frowns because it's not fair that they have to go through his little werewolf shack any more than it is that Regulus has to go through the place he last saw his best friend before she died for him.

 

But Regulus is bitter and selfish, so he refuses to say anything. 

 

Remus looks like he wants to protest but doesn't know how to express it.

 

 It's surprisingly Mary, who had ignored all of Regulus' requests to stay home, who scoffs, "You boys make me more and more of a lesbian every day," before describing the secret passageway she and Marlene used to use in fifth year when they briefly dated that leads from the Hogs Head to the Room of Requirement.

 

That solves everyone's problems quite nicely, and so here they are now, walking to the Hogs Head and knowing that one way or another, someone is going to die today.

 

If it's not Dumbledore, Regulus will make sure it's him, and he doesn't care if it makes Sirius hate him; if he hates him, then it means he's alive to do so.

 

Regulus and Mary are at the front, not talking to each other but leading the way for everyone else. Regulus doesn't care what the others are doing so long as they follow him and don't cause any trouble when he's distracted by what sounds like a fist colliding with someone's face and an audible crack. He turns around to see Barty shaking out his already bruising knuckles as Evan casts the killing curse before they high-five each other and toss the body into an alleyway.

 

"What the fuck?" Remus asks incredulously, having watched the entire five-second interaction. Evan and Barty look at him confusedly, like they don't understand where his surprise is coming from.

 

"He escorted Evan to Azkaban," Barty says casually as though that explains everything. Evan glares at the corpse in the alleyway as he mutters, "fucking bitch."

 

Everyone seems to blink disbelievingly at them while Regulus glares and thinks he would like to punch them both in the face too.  

 

"What happened to not drawing attention to yourselves," he hisses, pulling Barty by the wrist to walk by him and calling out an annoyed, "James, make sure Evan doesn't do anything else stupid, would you?"

 

"Why am I babysitting him?" he complains.

 

"Would you rather deal with Barty?" Regulus counters, and rather predictably, James scowls. Barty grins at his reaction and turns to Mary, ignoring all of Regulus' attempts to get him to shut up.

 

"See, you're not jealous of Potter here for dating ex-Mrs Potter –"

 

"Her name is Lily," Mary bites out.

 

"And Lupin isn't jealous of you for dating Black –"

 

"Dating Sirius was my gay awakening," Mary scoffs.

 

"Oi, I heard that, MacDonald. We had a lovely 7 months –"

 

"Speak for yourself."

 

"You're just still heartbroken –"

 

"I dumped you."

 

"I dumped you first –"

 

"I am going to cast a silencing spell on the lot of you," Regulus snaps annoyedly, walking ahead and expecting everyone to follow him. He can hear Evan laughing at him and Sirius muttering insults under his breath, but the laughter dies down when they reach the Hogs Head, and everyone realises it's time.

 

There's no going back now.

 

 

Gaining access to the passageway is ridiculously easy, because Mary stupefies Aberforth before he can recognise any of them, and Regulus ties him up and locks him in the storage closet for good measure, before turning towards the passageway.

 

Unfortunately, the passageway that they're following the Hogwarts is as cold and dark and damp as the one that went under Honeydukes, and Regulus' mind is dragging him back into the cave before he can try and stop himself.

 

He can't have a flashback or panic attack, not here, not now.

 

"Go back to Barty and send James to me," he says strainedly to Evan, who is now walking at the front with him, and he knows Evan has recognised what's happening because he doesn't mock him at all.

 

If he weren't so full of self-loathing for being weak, he'd probably appreciate his discretion.

 

"Come back, lover boy, babysitting is over," Evan calls out, and Barty laughs, and Sirius scowls, but Regulus doesn't care because James is back.

 

"Hey," James says, bumping his shoulder with his own, and Regulus feels his lips curl up automatically.

 

"Hello James."

 

"I missed you," James tells him, sounding genuinely worked up and uncaring of whoever is listening. "And I need you to answer this for me. Do you think Barty and I are similar since you've dated us both? Because I really hope the answer is no, but there must be something similar between us if we're both your type –"

 

And James keeps ranting about how much Barty annoys him and how he knows he annoys Regulus sometimes, but everyone does, so surely it's not the same way Barty annoys James or is it because I have to know.

 

Regulus only laughs as he slips his hand into James' and pecks his cheek, focusing on his utterly distressed monologue and the panic and fear he was feeling slowly fades away until there's nothing left but fondness.

 

"No one compares to you, James, least of all Barty," Regulus murmurs, and James' entire face lights up before he turns around and sends the bitchiest look to Barty that Regulus has ever seen on him.

 

 

They enter Hogwarts through the room of requirement, and Barty entered first, so the room modified itself for his purposes. When Regulus follows behind him, he sees what looks to be a cross between an armoury and a torture chamber; the floors are made of stone, and it all slopes downwards to a drain in the middle; one of the walls is covered in chains and shackles, and the others are covered in spears, maces, daggers, and even muggle guns.

 

Regulus, once again, is strongly reminded of why he prefers to work alone.

 

"Fuck yeah, Barty," Evan breathes in awe.

 

"Fuck no, Barty," Regulus hisses in annoyance. "What is wrong with you? You're not taking a spear or a gun or a Evan put down the fucking sword!"

 

"Is this… normal?" Mary hesitantly asks, looking like she doesn't want to know the answer.

 

"This is, they're not," Sirius replies, and Regulus wants to argue but really doesn't have any grounds for it.

 

"We need to go over the plan one more time before we leave here," he announces, ignoring everyone's groans.

 

"Everyone can recite the plan in their sleep –"

 

"I thought the plan was: kill him, don't die –"

 

"Again?"

 

“Fine, fine,” Regulus hisses. "We get there and kill him. Remember that I have to cast the final spell, and if you think he's gaining on us, get out of here."

 

"But we'll win," Barty says with complete certainty.

 

"We'd better."

 

 

The minute they leave the Room of Requirement, they'll appear on the wards and won't blend in the way they usually would since it's the summer holidays, so none of the students are here. 

 

As the clock strikes 12.50 pm and signals the end of lunch, they leave the room and are much quieter than before as they walk through the corridors, eyes dancing everywhere as they descend flight after flight of stairs. When they break through the main doors and into the courtyard, they see three figures waiting for them.

 

Cornelius Fudge. Dolores Umbridge. Albus Dumbledore.

 

"Mr Black, I thought I'd be seeing you again," Dumbledore says with a strong edge to his tone.

 

"Mr Dumbledore, I can guarantee you that this will be the last time," Regulus replies sweetly, though his eyes flash with the danger of promise.

 

Dumbledores' eyes darken, and any sense of joviality disappears immediately as the duel begins.

 

Regulus thinks he's chosen the most bigoted people like Umbridge and the most scared and easily influenced people like Fudge because they are the only people willing to fight for him anymore.

 

Annoyingly though, both of them are competent duellers, and as Dumbledore casts the first spell at Regulus, which he reciprocates, everyone breaks off into groups and picks a target.

 

 

Evan takes one look at Barty, and then they immediately raise their wands at Umbridge; she was Barty's father's secretary until he died, and now she's taken his place and is the more annoying and more bigoted version of his father. Plus, she visited Azkaban once and laughed when she saw Evan there.

 

So, she's got to die, and the minute Regulus casts the first spell against Dumbledore, he and Barty break away to ensure she's dead.

 

Umbridge isn't the best dueller, but she makes up for slowness and a lack of agility with the dark nature of the spells she casts, and Evan can't help but be reluctantly impressed, even though this annoys him into throwing more spells at her out of spite.

 

He's casting at her, Barty is casting at her, and he's surprised when he sees another jet of light shoot beside them towards Umbridge. Evan looks over, expecting to see Regulus being in 10 places at once, but instead, it's MacDonald, who has never talked directly to him in the 6 months they've known her, always using "Sirius, why are your brothers' friends still here?" as the preface to the rare occasion she wants to say anything about them.

 

"MacDonald? What the fuck are you doing?" Evan asks, which is a fair enough question. He doesn't know why out of everyone here, he and Barty are the ones she has chosen to team up with because, with the exception of Regulus, they've killed the most people here and don't have any issues about adding another person to their list, unlike the Gryffindors.

 

As it turns out, it's nothing to do with them at all, as Mary says sharply, "this bitch is trying to create a muggleborn registration registrar to take away our rights; she can't create it if she's dead."

 

"She laughed at me in prison; I want her dead more than you," Evan argues.

 

"Excuse me?" Barty asks indignantly. "She's like the female version of my father, if anyone has the right to kill her, it's me." Mary glares at him momentarily, and Evan sighs because he knows exactly how this will go.

 

It's a dark and intense duel, a large myriad of spells being cast, and while Evan is helping, he's unable to keep himself from watching as Barty and Mary literally use this duel to fight with each other in an effort to prove that they're better than the other? For bragging rights? Because they're both hot-headed and more similar than they'd ever like to admit? 

 

Evan has no idea but watches anyways as Barty casts all his dark Death Eater spells that have the potential to kill Umbridge, and Mary casts her greyer spells that she makes up for in frequency, what they lack in potency. Evan just casts what he deems necessary and ends up having more of a defensive role, while Barty and Mary share offence. 

 

Evan knows that for sure they're gaining on her, and as the distance between them grows smaller and smaller, Umbridge begins to cast lighter and more frequent, bothersome spells to slow them down until she can get a good hit in. They dodge and block stupefy, jelly leg jinxes and cutting hexes until, ridiculously, it's a simple expelliarmus that gets through their shields, and suddenly, all of their wands are flying out their hands.

 

They share a very brief, very alarmed look that they may be about to die, especially as Umbridge raises her own wand and smiles vindictively when a gold jet of light hits her, causing her wand to fly straight to Regulus that he snaps with one hand while using his other to continue fighting Dumbledore.

 

"He's a pessimistic little fucker, but I can't deny he's talented," says Mary, reluctantly approving.

 

Evan laughs. "Yeah, that's Reg, pessimistic as shit." Then they hear a panicked sound as they glance at Umbridge and see she's found none of their wands are working for her when she picks them up.

 

"Can any of you do wandless avadas?" Evan asks, mainly looking at Barty.

 

"Not the magical way," Barty admits.

 

"Then we do it the muggle way," Mary says decidedly, marching straight at Umbridge, and one glance at Barty knows they don't want to miss this.

 

"We get to punch her face in," Barty says gleefully. "I've been waiting to do this for years." 

 

But they're too slow against Mary MacDonald.

 

He and Barty are metres away from Umbridge when Mary calmly walks over and uses one leg to sweep both of Umbridge's out from underneath her, but before she can fall, Mary wraps her in a headlock and tightens her grip to snap her neck before letting Umbridge drop to the ground, with eyes open, unseeing.

 

Dead.

 

"What the fuck?" Barty exclaims, gesturing to how Mary just killed someone with her bare hands and a well-timed kick. Evan would like to know the answer too, and he knows this isn't the time to be distracted, but he can't help himself. 

 

"What magic was that?" Evan asks in awe, echoing his thoughts, and Mary looks ridiculously smug at their questioning as they reach down to pick up their wands.

 

"The muggle kind," she replies sweetly, tossing her hair over her shoulder and scoffing something that sounds suspiciously like "men" as she goes.

 

 

Regulus' eyes flick momentarily towards where Evan, Barty and Mary were and where Umbridge's body now lies. Then he flicks his gaze back towards Dumbledore.

 

"1 down, 2 to go," he says in faux consolation, and Dumbledore's gaze darkens before he sends a tsunami wave towards him.

 

Regulus knows if hits him, he'll be back in the cave before he knows it, so he casts fiendfyre, hoping for the best, and watches as the wave turns instantly into steam.

 

He and Dumbledore cancel their spells simultaneously and cast another, and another, before Dumbledore pauses and tilts his head in mock consideration.

 

"You seem quite keen to kill your enemies," Dumbledore says, gesturing at Umbridge's body on the ground and at Fudge, who is still alive but is minutes away from losing his duel. 

 

Regulus can't explain why, but that sentence carries an ominous feeling that he feels deep within his bones. He feels like Dumbledore came prepared and that his army isn't just himself and two ministry puppets, like he's had the upper hand and has known it all along.

 

This is proved true as Dumbledore says thoughtfully, "I wonder if the same sentiment would apply to your friends," and slipping through the front doors of the castle and siding with Albus Dumbledore is the world's biggest traitor.

 

The world's biggest rat.

 

Peter fucking Pettigrew.

 

 

Regulus can sense Sirius stiffen beside him. Can see Remus' eyes turn amber. Knows inexplicably how James is already panicking.

 

Peter leaked information that killed Marlene; Mary would want to kill him.

 

Barty and Evan love murder; they'll want to kill him too.

 

All Regulus can think right now is the utter self-loathing that he didn't kill Pettigrew when he had the chance; he thought he was doing a small mercy to his brother by sending him to Azkaban instead. Now, he can only hope this mercy won't get him killed.

 

There's a long moment of stillness, and Regulus watches as Sirius' face turns carefully blank before checking on James, who is still panicking, unable to get a hold of himself.

 

Fuck.

 

James would probably let himself bleed out if it meant everyone would be okay, regardless of the need for victory.

 

He and Sirius share a quick glance that Regulus tries to express as protect him.

 

Sirius' glance back is what Regulus should have expected. I'll protect you both.

 

"It's not too late to surrender," Dumbledore calls out, his voice carrying to everyone but being targeted at Regulus.

 

"I could say the same to you," Regulus replies harshly, and Dumbledore casts the tsunami spell again to recommence the duel.

 

 

Remus and Mary are fighting Peter now, or rather, they're distracting him since they're only casting defensive spells. James, Evan and Barty are fighting Fudge, and Sirius has come to stay by Regulus' side and help with Dumbledore; Regulus hates how it makes him feel better and still wishes Sirius would just go home.

 

Regulus is a good dueller; talented, prodigal, he knows this, but annoyingly, the same can be said about Dumbledore.

 

Dumbledore's greatest advantage is the sheer variety of spells he casts, many of which Regulus has to dodge since he can't risk casting a shield charm that doesn't block it. Regulus, however, is also a Black and has forgotten more dark magic than most people have ever learned, so he duels and duels, and while his spells don't really hit Dumbledore, Dumbledore's don't hit him.

 

He's already casting more defensive spells than offensive after he had to disarm Umbridge, so it meant Dumbledore started to gain the advantage, but he's still fighting, and while he's not winning, he's not losing either. It's becoming harder to focus on the other duels happening right now since he's having to work twice as hard, so he and Dumbledore are equal again. He can sense Sirius moving between helping him, James, and Remus, but he can't focus too much when his entire mind is stuck on Dumbledore.

 

Mary and Remus are doing fine, James has Evan and Barty to help him with Fudge, Sirius is moving between all of them, and all Regulus can do is focus on Dumbledore and hope everyone else stays safe.

 

When Pettigrew starts to pull out darker spells, Remus and Mary have no choice but to begin casting offensively; however, their lack of knowledge of dark magic causes them to struggle, which makes Sirius swear and run over to help them.

 

And so he leaves Regulus alone with Dumbledore, who he can handle on his own, but fighting Dumbledore has him already at his magical limit, so there's a lot he doesn't notice happening around him.

 

There's a lot Pettigrew does.

 

Regulus doesn't see the extent of how far Sirius has run to help Remus, leaving himself exposed with no one nearby for backup.

 

Pettigrew does.

 

Regulus doesn't see how Peter is using magic the Dark Lord taught him, which makes him a stronger dueller than the others and gives him room to look around since he's winning.

 

Pettigrew does.

 

Regulus doesn't see how he's lost focus on Fudge and Pettigrew, so consumed in the duel with Dumbledore.

 

Pettigrew does.

 

Pettigrew does, and Pettigrew notices and even though there are no more than 10 metres between where Regulus stands and where Sirius, Mary and Remus are, there's not enough time for any of them to reach him as Pettigrew's eyes slip to his for a moment and he smiles cruelly.

 

Regulus can't concentrate on that, though, when Dumbledore is sending spells at him to crystallise his blood and peel away his skin, so he's nothing more than a blur of dodging and weaving and casting and –

 

"Regulus!" Sirius screams, sounding utterly terrified, and he glances quickly to see his brother sprinting towards him, only 10 metres away, but Sirius isn't hurt, so he doesn't know why –

 

Regulus deflects another spell sent his way from Dumbledore and catches sight of someone in his periphery in the same direction Sirius is running from.

 

Pettigrew.

 

Shit. He's tricked them all.

 

Peter had been casting with high frequency, and now he's changed his target from Mary and Remus to Regulus, who can't deflect or dodge any of his spells without getting hit by Dumbledores.

 

He knows Sirius is running for him, trying to reach him, shield him, but he won't make it.

 

Regulus keeps one eye on Pettigrew and another on Dumbledore, but when the latter shoots another tsunami spell at Regulus, forcing him to cast a dome around himself, he hears another spell being sent his way that he won't have time to dodge. 

 

His brother won't have time to reach him.

 

This is the end.

 

Pettigrew smirks at Dumbledore and then lifts his wand triumphantly, which Regulus sees aimed at him before he can do anything –

 

“Avada –“

 

“ – kedavra”

 

Regulus flinches instinctively, looking desperately for Sirius until he realises it didn't sound like Peter's voice.

 

Or Dumbledore's

 

Or Sirius'.

 

It sounded a lot like –

 

James is standing with his eyes wide, face pale, chest heaving, and his wand still pointed at where Pettigrew once stood.

 

He's shaking and panicking and looks seconds away from breaking down hard, and Regulus wants to go to him, but he can't because Dumbledore is still casting so –

 

"Sirius, take the cloak and get him out of here," he cries because the cloak will hide James from death, but Sirius is still coming towards him because of course he is.

 

"Remus has him. Remus has James," Sirius says breathlessly, as his eyes flick concernedly towards where James last was before flicking back to Regulus. "And I've got you."

 

 

Once only Fudge and Dumbledore are left, Fudge dies quickly because while he's a good dueller, he is no match for Mary, who is still furious about Peter showing up here, and Evan and Barty, who use murder as foreplay. It ends up being Evan who kills him, a nicely timed spell that turns his blood into sugar before following it up with a blood-boiling curse.

 

"It turned him into fudge, do you get it?" he asks expectantly, looking for praise.

 

Barty ignores him, obviously sulking that he still hasn't got to kill anyone yet.

 

And then there's a long moment of silence as everyone realises it's them versus Dumbledore.

 

All his little minions are dead, James is still panicking but out of the way and safe, and it is time for Dumbledore to die.

 

He needs to die.

 

Regulus is going to kill him.

 

"3 down, 1 to go," Regulus calls out, and Dumbledore's eyes darken again, seemingly annoyed that he's being beaten.

 

"It's you who will be going, Mr Black," Dumbledore promises, and Regulus doesn't even have time to respond because Sirius is casting again, determined to protect his brother to his grave.

 

Regulus would be secretly pleased if it didn't mean he was making himself a target. He doesn't have time to berate him, though, because it seems that Dumbledore was doing the same as Voldemort did 8 months ago, where he indulged him until he realised the stakes had risen, and then he unleashed his full magical potential.

 

Because this is a duel.

 

This is all ducking and weaving and dodging and casting, and as much as Regulus hates to admit it, it is nice fighting with other people. They can deflect the spell he doesn't have time to stop, and he can work with them, one casting, one shielding as they work to take down Dumbledore.

 

So they work together to kill Dumbledore.

 

And it's working.

 

They're gaining ground towards him in the courtyard, the spells coming towards them start decreasing in intensity, and Dumbledore is forced to cast more defensive spells, drawing them to move closer and closer to victory.

 

Everyone has a few cuts and bruises, Mary is fighting with a broken arm, Sirius is limping, Barty has blood dripping from his forehead, and Evan has a red handprint on his cheek. Regulus is occluding too much to feel pain; he'll catalogue his injuries when the battle is over.

 

Regulus tries to watch everything happening, if there are any more surprise duellers Dumbledore is yet to announce, what each jet of light coming out of his wand means, and which ones he has to prioritise.

 

Red light. Stupefy. People can protect themselves.

 

Magenta light. Blood boiling. He knows the counter curse if someone is hit.

 

Blue light. Entrail expelling. Everyone knows to watch out for it.

 

Green light. The killing curse. There's no coming back from it.

 

A gold light Regulus can't identify shoots towards him, and he barely dodges out of the way before it hits the stone sculpture behind him that immediately disintegrates.

 

The fight reaches another lull, and everyone watches Dumbledore, who is staring at Regulus.

 

"You seem quite keen to kill me, Mr Black," he says, back to pretending to care about him. "There is no need for such animosity; why not call a ceasefire and create a partnership –"

 

Regulus gapes incredulously for a moment before he speaks again. "You had your chance for a ceasefire when I was 16 years old, but you fucking condemned me to this. Fuck a ceasefire; you started this 4 years ago. Do you remember what you said to me? You said if this is a path your life takes you down, then there is little I can do to change that."

 

"I did say that," Dumbledore agrees.

 

"And my life has brought me down the path which led me here, about to be your executioner. And there is little you can do to change that. "

 

"How the mighty have fallen," Dumbledor replies, sounding disappointed. "I had always tried to be a parental figure to the students of mine, but –"

 

"I'll treat you like I did my parents then," Regulus snaps, sending the killing curse straight for him, which Dumbledore has ample time to dodge.

 

The tension grows thicker. The stakes rise higher.

 

Regulus can feel Dumbledore is leading up to something, but he can't tell what it is. He's nervous. It's getting harder to hide it.

 

"So you killed your parents?" Dumbledore asks.

 

"It gave me practice for you," Regulus replies sweetly.

 

"And you killed Voldemort?"

 

"Mercilessly."

 

"So who kills you, Mr Black?" Dumbledore asks lightly.

 

Regulus feels Sirius stiffen beside him, but he's not worried.

 

"Oh, I'm the Master of Death now," he calls out carelessly, enjoying how Dumbledore's eyes widen in surprise before something he can't identify passes through his gaze. "You cannot beat me, you cannot hurt me, and you cannot kill me."

 

"There are many ways to die," Dumbledore replies with the same unreadable expression. Regulus casts avada kedavra in response, which he dodges, before sending a burst of purple light back.

 

It's the final duel, Regulus can tell.

 

The tension can't grow any thicker.

 

His heart can't beat any harder.

 

He can't cast any faster.

 

It's just him and Dumbledore, the entire world has narrowed down to the pair of them, and it's cast and dodge.

 

Block and reciprocate.

 

Kill or be killed.

 

None of their spells are hitting the other, but someone has to slip up eventually, and Regulus knows he's getting closer. He can kill him.

 

He's going to kill him.

 

He's gaining the upper hand.

 

He's winning.

 

He's winning.

 

He's getting closer,

 

And closer –

 

"Always remember that it was you who brought about your own downfall," Dumbledore says, something proud and victorious in his gaze as he shoots a silver jet of light towards Regulus at the same time Regulus snarls and shoots another killing curse.

 

They're his final words.

 

Dumbledore's spell doesn't hit Regulus.

 

Regulus' spell hits Dumbledore.

 

The elder wand flies high into the air as Dumbledore falls to the ground.

 

Dead.

 

He did it.

 

Regulus did it and Dumbledore's dead and no one got hurt, and he can't help but let out a burst of shocked laughter because he's done it again and –

 

A choked wheeze breaks him out of his euphoria, and he turns to see his brother behind him with blood beginning to dribble out of his mouth.

 

"You did it, Reggie," Sirius says with a soft smile before more blood starts to drips, and he falls to his knees, unable to hold himself up, while a horrifying realisation trickles down Regulus' spine.

 

Dumbledore didn't cast that spell, hoping to hit him and miss. Because he didn't miss.

 

Dumbledore cast that spell knowing he would lose but wanted to ensure that even if Regulus won the duel, he lost anyways.

 

And nothing could ever break Regulus more than the loss of his brother.

 

"Sirius," he gasps in pure terror. "What are you doing? Stop it, stop it, stop bleeding. What are you doing? Stop it!"

 

Regulus tries every counter curse he can think of, repeating them over and over, but none of them work.

 

There wasn't supposed to be a cost for the victory.

 

The cost wasn't supposed to be his brother.

 

The cost can't be his brother, who murmurs, "you'll be okay, Reggie. He can't get you now," and then starts choking again, coughing on every exhale, and when he brings his hand away from his mouth, it's red.

 

"No, no no no," Regulus moans fretfully, his throat tight with panic as his efforts to heal his brother continue to be unsuccessful. "Sirius, stop it, stop it; what was the spell? How do I fix it? You have to let me fix it. Sirius, why do you keep bleeding?"

 

Remus is still with James, wherever they are, so they don't even know that Sirius is about to die. Regulus doesn't think he knows it either. All he knows is panic gripping his chest so hard he’s already hyperventilating.

 

"Fix him, fix him, you have to fix him," he pleads, looking frantically between Evan, Barty and Mary, who are standing above him. They all attempt a few spells and then look at him with pity, trying over and over to no avail because they don't know the counter curse for whatever spell Dumbledore cast. They're helpless to watch as Sirius spits up more and more blood while his breathing becomes wet and laboured.

 

"Where's James?" Sirius rasps, only able to manage short sentences now. "And Remus? Safe?"

 

Regulus just shakes his head frantically, unsure what the question was, too busy choking on his own sobs and trying to pretend this isn't happening.

 

"I told you to stay at home," he gasps, still trying even as he stops enunciating the spells properly in his panic. "I told you not to come, I told you, I told you, Sirius, why did you –"

 

"Rather me than you," Sirius coughs, looking around slightly, before reaching a hand out to Regulus as he lays down. "I'll be fine, it won't hurt for much longer. You'll have James, so you'll be fine too."

 

"No," Regulus moans, crying in earnest now. "Don't do this to me, Sirius, don't do this, don't, I need you, I need you, I need to fix you, just tell me how. Sirius, you have to tell me what to do." Regulus feels himself in the depth of a panic attack, and it's not fair that he's getting so worked up when he's not even the one dying, and the thought only makes him spiral harder because his brother is dying and -"

 

"It's dark magic, Reggie. It targeted my lungs," Sirius forces out. "It'd take Lord magic to fix this, so I couldn't even help you if our roles were reversed. Don't feel bad, okay?" 

 

Regulus just shakes his head again, repeating the same spells that refuse to do anything. "Sirius, Stop it; you can't leave me again. Sirius, why do you keep bleeding? Why are you bleeding? Sirius, where’s the blood coming from?"

 

Deep down, Regulus knows Sirius would do anything he asked him, no matter how impossible it seemed, so if he's not stopping the bleeding and not standing up and laughing, it's not because he's being difficult.

 

It’s because he can't. Because he really is dying.

 

Out of the corner of his eye, Regulus can see James and Remus sprinting towards them, having sensed something is wrong, but he barely takes notice.

 

"Love you, Reggie," Sirius says quietly as his eyes slide shut. "We'll be okay."

 

"Shut up," he gasps, slightly hysterical as his vision starts tunnelling and he shakes Sirius violently. "Don't say that. Just wake up, Sirius. You need to wake up. Sirius, stop it; I told you to wake up!"

 

But Sirius won't wake up.

 

Evan is still trying to heal Sirius, and Barty is trying to comfort Regulus, but Regulus doesn't need comfort because his brother isn't dead, and he's not dying. 

 

Mary is crying and yelling, "you're the master of death Regulus, can't you fucking do something" but Regulus doesn't know how to be the master of death, and he doesn't know how to do Lord magic to save his brother, and he needs his parents for the first time ever, but he killed them, and now he's killed Sirius too and –

 

Regulus sucks in a sharp breath of shock, praying to whoever will listen, as he reaches into the mokeskin pouch around his neck and pulls out the resurrection stone, turning it three times in his hand.

 

“Papa, j’ai besoin d’une faveur, je vous en prie”

 

 

Orion is less than pleased to be disturbed in the afterlife, dragged into a state of being he didn't ask for. He's even less pleased to see that it's his youngest son who dragged him out of its serenity when he's the one who forced him into it in the first place. 

 

Regulus doesn't care at all.

 

"What have you done, boy?" his father demands. "Why are you bringing me out of my eternal peace? You sent me here, you can't just – what are you crying for? We raised you to be a man –"

 

"I'm sorry," Regulus says automatically, even though his tears don't subside at all. "But I need your help, please, please. I need you to teach me Lord magic."

 

"You're not a Lord."

 

"I will be soon if you won't help me because Sirius is, Sirius –" but he's gagging on the words, he genuinely can't say it and settles for crying harder instead, staring at his brother whose eyes still aren't opening no matter how hard he shakes him or how much he pleads.

 

"Is it not justice?" his father muses. "You left me to die, so I leave him to die?"

 

"He's your son," Regulus chokes out. "Help me, please. What is wrong with you? Just help him, I'll do anything, I'll do anything –"

 

"Anything?" 

 

"Yes," Regulus cries desperately, looking at the way Sirius' chest is stuttering erratically. "Please," he begs, letting out a high pitched sound of pure hysteria. "Please, please, please, I'll do anything, anything you want, just tell me how to save Sirius –"

 

"If I do this, you'll stop bothering me with that stone. I'm only doing this so I don't need to deal with you or your brother anytime soon," his father warns, and Regulus nods frantically, uncaring of the conditions.

 

"You'll leave the family estate," he orders next. "You'll give it to Narcissa as a worthy member of the Black family."

 

"I will, I promise –"

 

"And you'll –"

 

"Yes, I'll do anything; just tell me the spell because he's, oh fuck I don't think he's breathing anymore –"

 

His father stares at him emotionlessly, Regulus can't see him through his tears, but he’s gagging with the force of his sobs, so he barely hears it when his father sighs.

 

"You always were weak when it came to Sirius," he says, sounding disappointed. "Vivifica heredem, vitam prolonga, mortem vince."

 

"Is that it? That's the spell? That'll work?" Regulus asks breathlessly, his fingertips still numb from shock and his entire being utterly overwhelmed by the situation.

 

"It's from the Black family grimoire to purge any spell and potion from the body, and it can be only used once in your life," his father replies. "Now, are you sure you want to waste it on your brother –"

 

Regulus drops the stone, firmly cutting him off.

 

"Regulus? What was that? Can you do something?" Mary and Barty are demanding, but Regulus shakes his head and ignores them entirely to pick up his wand, pointing it at Sirius.

 

“Vivifica heredem, vitam prolonga, mortem vince,” he chants, and –

 

Nothing happens. 

 

No light leaves his wand. No feeling of magic rushes through him. Sirius doesn't move. 

 

"Vivifica heredem, vitam prolonga, mortem vince," he repeats more frightenedly now, but still, nothing is happening.

 

He knows Latin, understands what it means, understands what it should do, but it's not doing anything, and Sirius is doing that funny gasping that someone does right before they die.

 

Regulus lets out another hysterical scream.

 

Body. Cold.

 

Fingertips. Numb.

 

Heart. Racing.

 

Brother. Dying.

 

"It's not working," he screams, beyond hyperventilating, beyond everything at this point, as he stares at his brother. "It's not working; stop it, Sirius. You can't do this to me!"

 

Sirius continues to lie like a corpse. He's about to become one if Regulus can't get this spell right.

 

He looks around wildly, searching for something, a sign, an answer; he'll take anything. James and Remus have nearly reached them, Umbridge, Fudge, Pettigrew and Dumbledore's bodies are still on the ground, the elder wand is still –

 

"Give me the wand," he blurts out, pointing at where it lies a few metres away from them. "Get it, get it, get the wand," and Evan runs to grab it, knowing Regulus can't move in this state.

 

Regulus is the master of death. This has to be the way to control it.

 

The hallows. The Elder Wand. Regulus.

 

Master of Death.

 

Sirius' chest is barely moving anymore, and his pulse is 10 seconds apart. Regulus' is one constant, terrified buzz.

 

Evan places the elder wand in his hand, and Regulus raises it to Sirius' chest and decides he’ll point it at himself if this doesn't work.

 

“Vivifica heredem, vitam prolonga, mortem vince.”

 

A glittery black light leaves his wand, shrouding Sirius, and Regulus feels the family magic rush through his entire body.

 

The elder wand, the cloak and the stone all crumble to dust.

 

Sirius' eyes snap open.

 

Remus and James arrive just in time to see Sirius sit up and Regulus completely fall apart because the war is finally, finally over.

 

And somehow, inexplicably, they've all made it through.

 
Notes:

    French translation: "Papa, j'ai besoin d'une faveur, je vous en prie". "Dad, I need a favour please."

    HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA DID I PROMISE YOU FUCKING PLOT TWISTS OR WHAT.

    The next chapter will be approriately titled "aftermath" and then the last chapter will be the epilogue.

    I think the entire Sirius dying scene was loosely inspired by my ongoing black brothers spiral and the time I gave CPR to someone and it didn't work so method acting I suppose.

    I think I'll make a video on tiktok to talk about this because I'm buzzing about it at the moment, but hope you enjoyed xoxo

Chapter 41: Aftermath: July 1981
Summary:

    Healing. (Aching).

Notes:

    Helloooooo I am back- sorry it took ages, it's been a long walks playing scott street on repeat sort of couple of weeks but hey.

    Full disclaimer, your next chapter (epilogue :(((( ) will also be 3 ish weeks away because life is BUSY and uni is a bitch :((( but I should be updating (and finishing the fic :((( ) by the end of the month.

    Also please be aware that a lot of your videos about fic authors on tiktok are visible to fic authors!!! And while most videos aren't about me or my fic, I still watch them and think "oh when is it my turn for the fandom to give me the hate treatment" so just remember that we write these fics for free and expect nothing in return, so the least you can do is be nice :)))) (most of you are very nice though, so I do appreciate that immensely xoxo)

    Anyways, alternate summary for this chapter is "everybody is crying" which is honestly pretty accurate for the first 30 pages.

    Also I usually try to make words british if they are different to NZ english, but I don't know which out of pavement and sidewalk are british or american, but both sound stupid, so when I say footpath, that is what I mean.

    I added this chapter to be a 5k segway to the epilogue and then you got 19k words lmao so enjoy xoxo

    EDIT- update is delayed, could be 4-6 weeks away, things have come up but I will get there eventually :))

    UPDATE 30 JULY- This isn't abanonded!!!! I'm just working at a summer camp in america so I have virtually no free time BUT the first draft is done and I just need a couple of days to edit so it is on it's way :)))

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Aftermath: July 1981

 

Regulus spent the first ten years of Sirius' life following him everywhere, like a little shadow, until Sirius went to Hogwarts, and everything happened in the years in between to pull them apart from each other.

 

Time has never been linear, though, and as though the past ten years never happened at all, he has a shadow again; a quiet, traumatised younger brother of a shadow that makes Sirius ache.

 

Sirius can see the effect this is having on him, as much as he tries to hide it. He sees it in the ways he sits a little closer, talks a little more, fights his hugs a little less.

 

The worst days are when he doesn't hide it at all. The days where he follows Sirius everywhere, can't stand to be in a different room as him, jumps at every little noise, and is genuinely, truly afraid.

 

And all Sirius can do is ache.

 

The first three days after the battle are those days.

 

James' main form of comfort seems to be holding Regulus and reassuring himself that Peter's spell didn't get him, and Regulus, most of the time, is happy to sit there in James' arms and watch Sirius.

 

They watch TV, Regulus watches Sirius.

 

They talk and laugh in the lounge, Regulus says nothing and watches Sirius.

 

They go to sleep in Sirius and Remus' flat, having extended the sofas into beds, and every time Sirius wakes up in the night, he sees Regulus lying in James' arms with his eyes wide open, watching him.

 

He seems comfortable now, though, almost dozing in James' arms, so Sirius stands up and heads to the kitchen when Regulus scrambles out of his seat, ignoring how James tries to hold him in place.

 

"Sirius, where are you going?" he blurts out, eyes wide with fear, and again, Sirius aches.

 

"I'm making tea, Reggie; go wait with James," but Regulus just shakes his head.

 

"I'll go with you," he says quietly, and Sirius sighs but wraps an arm around his shoulders and leads him from the room.

 

Regulus doesn't help but seems content to watch Sirius as he brings down the cups and tea bags, sets the kettle on to boil, and then starts to put away the dishes on the drying rack when –

 

"Sirius?" Regulus asks, his voice already wavering. "Are you okay?"

 

That's another constant. Regulus repeatedly asking Sirius if he's okay, always so fearful of the answer and always looking as though he has the weight of the world resting on his shoulders until Sirius replies, always the same way.

 

"Yeah, Reggie, I promise I'm okay." 

 

Usually, Regulus relaxes at this, and Sirius pulls him into a hug, but this time, he resists it.

 

"You don't need to coddle me", he mutters, despite looking like being coddled is all he wants right now. "You can just make tea, and I'll stand here and –"

 

"Maybe I want a hug Reggie; maybe it's not about you," Sirius says softly, unapologetically lying through his teeth, and Regulus' entire face crumples.

 

"Oh," he chokes out, and even though it's Sirius who claimed to want a hug, it's Regulus who falls into him, and it's Sirius who holds him upright as he starts to cry against his shoulder.

 

As much as Sirius wishes they weren't having to deal with all of this and wishes his brother was just okay, there's something tender that flares up within him at the concept that all his little brother needs to heal is his big brother.

 

Is it selfish and a little fucked up? Admittedly yes, but their family always has been, so Sirius doesn't think about it too heavily until Regulus starts talking. 

 

"I'm sorry," he says, quietly at first, then slightly louder and more rushed. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, Sirius. It was all my fault, I'm sorry, it should have been me, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry –"

 

Sirius honestly thinks Regulus would have been a lot less traumatised if it were him who had nearly died, and while Sirius can absolutely understand his current reaction since he would have done the same if they'd switched places, he still doesn't regret what happened.

 

"Shut up, Reggie," is all he says, holding his brother tighter and wishing he knew how to make this better, especially since the full moon is coming up in six days that both he and James need to be there for, and there's no way that Regulus is going to take the news well. Sirius is still convinced that drugging him on dreamless sleep is the best course of action, but he hasn't been able to discuss it with anyone since Regulus is always around.

 

This thought makes him frown slightly as he looks at the way Regulus looks worse than usual, utterly exhausted, how he's fussier, more prone to tears and faster to get worked up.

 

"When did you last sleep, Regulus?" he asks concernedly, which only ramps up as Regulus flinches like he's in trouble before shaking his head rapidly.

 

"I don't need to sleep, I'm not tired, I need to watch out for if anything happens –" he rushes out, crying harder again, and Sirius grimaces at the fact his brother hasn't slept in three days and hopes this isn't a painful process.

 

"You need to sleep, Regulus," and ignoring his weak protests, he drags him to his and Remus' bedroom, oddly making Regulus act the most like himself than he has in the past 3 days.

 

"Not there," he says, trying to be intimidating, except tears are still streaming down his face. "You fuck in that bed."

 

Sirius lets out an unexpected burst of laughter at the comment. "We fuck on the couch too, and you still sit there," he says, pleased with the emotion that isn't just sadness in Regulus' face as he scowls and tries to dig his heels into the carpet as Sirius drags him closer.

 

"Sirius!"

 

"Fine, I'll cast a cleaning charm on it. Is that sufficient?" he asks, rolling his eyes before forcing Regulus onto the bed, who sits tentatively against the headboard as though he's causing himself to stay in the most uncomfortable position to stay awake for longer.

 

Sirius rolls his eyes again, grabbing Regulus' ankles and yanking him down the bed until he's lying flat and then puts the duvet over him, literally tucking him in before he sits on the other side of the bed, on top of the covers, watching as Regulus' blinks already start to get further and further apart.

 

"Go to sleep, Reggie," he says softly.

 

"I don't –"

 

"You need to sleep."

 

"No. "

 

"Sleep."

 

"You can't make me –'

 

"Regulus!"

 

Sirius can see the moment Regulus loses the ability to fight it.

 

"You'll stay?" he asks weakly. "And wake me if anything happens?" and the tender pulse in his chest flares up again.

 

"Yeah, Reggie, I'll stay."

 

Regulus' eyes slide shut, exhaustion pulling him under, and when he wakes up screaming forty minutes later, he's too out of it to fight the dreamless sleep that Sirius pours down his throat; he can fight him about it later.

 

 

James aches too.

 

His childhood best friend, who he made 15 years of memories with, is dead at his own hand.

 

He never thought he'd kill someone, never thought he was capable of it, but he did it anyway. He's never understood the saying the things we do for love before, either, but he gets it now.

 

It's hard at the moment because he wants Regulus and wants to make sure he's okay since he killed Peter to make sure he would be, but Regulus is so incredibly not okay, and James can't help with any of it. All he really wants right now is Sirius.

 

He lets James hold him, talk to him, and sleep with him, but whenever Sirius leaves the room, Regulus always goes with him.

 

James isn't bitter or jealous; he just feels inferior, like he's not quite enough. He bases half his personality on his ability to help people, but it's not working this time because nothing he's doing is making Regulus feel any better.

 

He talks to him, Regulus doesn't really reply. He holds him, Regulus lets him but stares listlessly at Sirius. He tries to coax Regulus into eating, but again, he only really listens to Sirius.

 

The most Regulus shows any sign of life with him is whenever he tries to go anywhere, and Regulus clamps down on his hand or arm or whatever he's holding, and James has to carefully explain that he's going to get water or go to the bathroom or make some food until Regulus nods hesitantly and lets him go.

 

When James got out of the safe house four months ago, Regulus crowded him incessantly, and it went from endearing and sweet to slightly suffocating very quickly.

 

But, well.

 

He gets that now too.

 

So he holds Regulus constantly, light fluttering hands that reassure him that he's safe and that Peter didn't get him, and keeps the rest of his thoughts inside so he doesn't cause Regulus to get any worse.

 

When Sirius gets up to go to the kitchen, and Regulus immediately follows him, James aches at how not okay Regulus is and how he has no idea how to help him, and this is only made worse by how he hears more crying and then Sirius dragging Regulus to his bedroom and forcing him to sleep.

 

James hadn't been able to convince him to sleep no matter how hard he tried, and so again, he's not bitter or resentful but just feeling a little inadequate.

 

The door stays open, but neither of them comes out, so James slumps further into the couch, the distraction of Regulus having disappeared and now making all of his guilt and fear and stress and grief hit him at once. He closes his eyes, not planning to open them for a while until the couch dips next to him, and his first thought is disappointment that it's not Regulus.

 

Then he only feels worse.

 

"Hey," he rasps, looking up at Remus and trying to force his emotions back. "How are you?"

 

He thinks he should have expected the dry look he's given before Remus wraps an arm around his shoulders, and James makes a slightly wounded noise as he leans into him and asks the question whirling through his brain.

 

"How can you even stand to look at me, Remus?" he asks. "I killed one of our best friends," and he squeezes his eyes shut again, unsure what he's expecting Remus' response to be, but it's undoubtedly nothing good.

 

"I wanted to kill him too," Remus says lightly, as though they're discussing the weather, and James turns around to gape at him in shock.

 

"What?"

 

"Mhmm", Remus says, almost nostalgically, like he's discussing a fond childhood memory. "When we first confirmed he was the spy in Dumbledore's office, I wanted to kill him, send him to Azkaban and get the dementors to give him the kiss, and you all had to talk me out of it. That was the first time. The second was when I saw him across the field, it took everything in me not to do it again, but I would've. If Peter had even thought about pointing his wand at Sirius, I would've killed him without hesitation. Same for you and Mary and even Regulus, actually," he says, sounding slightly surprised as though he's only just realised how much he cares for the latter.

 

"But you didn't," James replies emphatically, trying to make him understand where his turmoil is coming from. "You wanted to, but you didn't, and I did, and so I'm a murderer, and none of you are and –"

 

"I killed someone for the first time when I was eighteen," Remus confesses, startling James out of his spiralling.

 

"You never told me that!"

 

"Yes, well, I wasn't exactly proud of it. It was during my second full moon with the wolfpack for Dumbledore, and two of them talked about the family they were going to turn once we'd transformed."

 

"So what?" James asks, fascinated despite himself. "You used the killing curse?"

 

"Wolves don't have wands, James," Remus says amusedly, "so no. I waited until we'd transformed, and evidently, Moony thought the same as I did because he didn't want to hunt for animals that night; he just wanted them."

 

"And the wolf pack just let you off for killing them?"

 

"Yeah, we're wolves. It was a sign that they were inferior and too weak to fight, so they weren't worthy to be part of the pack."

 

James gapes for a few seconds until he shakes his head. "Remus, that is so fucked up."

 

"That's just how it is. It happened a few more times, actually, so while you don't get used to murder, you get over it faster each time."

 

"But I don't want to kill someone again," James moans, the feeling of a breakdown starting to build up within him again. "I don't want to do it."

 

"Then you don't have to," Remus soothes in an effort to placate him, "you don't have to do it again –"

 

"But I would," James gasps out, the harsh truth sitting between them. "For him, I would, and I can't make myself regret doing it when he's still alive", and he loses the fight against his emotions as he finally breaks down and cries.

 

When it had happened, immediately after killing Peter, James had been too stunned to cry; one moment, he'd been watching Peter pointing his wand at Regulus and the next, he'd been having a panic attack in an alcove as Remus coached him through his breathing.

 

So he'd breathed for a few minutes, waiting for the tingling in his fingertips to subside and for his brain to start working again, when they'd heard a high-pitched scream of terror.

 

"Sirius!"

 

Peter all but forgotten at that point; they had sprinted, ducking back out from the invisibility cloak and just running. It's Sirius, it's Sirius, what's happened to Sirius?

 

They'd seen Dumbledore's body, Sirius lying on the ground, everyone standing around him. They'd seen him sit up, covered in blood but otherwise completely fine.

 

And then they'd seen Regulus.

 

That had hurt.

 

James had seen Regulus cry before, but never like that, he didn't think anyone had ever cried like that, with the force of their sobs causing the ground to shake and the sky to weep, but it had cut off abruptly as Regulus had slumped over and Barty had stood with his wand out frowning at him.

 

"He's just stunned," he had said. "Clearly, none of you have gone to murder someone before, but we need to get out of here, especially him, who cannot fight off anyone else right now." 

 

Sirius had scowled and let Remus help him up, Mary had created her illegal portkeys to bring them back to Sirius' flat before returning to Lily, and then they'd woken Regulus up, who had had another breakdown with Sirius before the borderline alarming apathy had set in.

 

So, James hasn't really had time to think about how he's been feeling; he's been ignoring it all, pushing everything away to focus on Regulus, but now Regulus is asleep, drugged up thanks to Sirius, so it's just Remus, James and his emotions.

 

The guilt.

 

The grief.

 

The lack of regret.

 

The guilt again.

 

The grief again.

 

The tears again.

 

"I killed our best friend," he gasps out, the full weight of what he's done finally hitting him, leaving him breathless. "Remus, I killed him, Peter, I fucking killed him."

 

"Yeah, you did," is all Remus says as he wraps his arms around James to hold him tighter. "You did, but it means Regulus is here, and we're all okay."

 

"But –"

 

"No buts, it happened, and we'll work it out. Just cry it out, James; we can talk later."

 

James gives up and takes Remus' advice, slumping further into his side where he cries and cries and cries.

 

 

Regulus wakes slowly, feeling more relaxed than he has in a while. He reaches an arm out slightly, searching for James, who isn't there, and he frowns, trying to figure out why James wouldn't be there because –

 

"Sirius!" he gasps out, bolting upright and looking around frantically until he sees his brother still sitting on the bed beside him. Regulus blinks a few times, disorientated, as he tries to figure out how he slept so long uninterrupted until he sees the empty vial on the nightstand.

 

"You drugged me?" he hisses furiously. "You fucking drugged me? What is wrong with you, Sirius? If I wanted to sleep, I would have." 

 

He throws off the covers, going to storm out of the room when he pauses at the doorway, and the fear creeps back, his anger draining away, or at least simmering down quietly until he's healed enough to act on it.

 

Sirius is still looking at him sadly.

 

"Why did you give me the potion? I didn't want to sleep," he asks, quieter now, aware that it sounds like he's whining but also unable to care.

 

"Because it wasn't healthy –"

 

"I didn't care; I needed to watch you –"

 

"You can't look after me if you're not looking after yourself," Sirius replies, raising an eyebrow and Regulus flinches before looking up in horror.

 

"Did you need something? While I was asleep? Do you need something now? Are you okay?" 

 

Sirius at least seems to regret his comment as he stands up and pulls Regulus into another hug that Regulus wants to hate but leans into instead, making a quiet wounded noise.

 

"I'm alright, Reggie, I promise." Regulus ignores him in favour of continuing the hug, refusing to stand up on his own and just leaning against his brother, drawing strength from him the way he always used to.

 

"I was so –" he begins, but his voice breaks, and he doesn't finish the sentence. Sirius understands anyway. 

 

"Yeah, I know."

 

He stands there a bit longer, refusing to move, refusing to do anything unless Sirius makes him, so naturally, Sirius pushes him back, making him move.

 

"Go see James, yeah? You can sleep on the couch with him, and Remus and I will stay here." Regulus wants to protest, but Sirius is still talking in the stupid soothing voice that he'd usually hate. "The door will stay open; you can call out whenever; I'll be here, and I'll go back and forth."

 

"You don't need to coddle me," Regulus mutters, trying to save face since being coddled is all he wants right now, but Sirius gives him the same sad and tender smile he's been giving all week.

 

"You're my little brother, Reggie; that's what I do." He tugs Regulus in for another quick hug and then lightly pushes him through the doorway. "Go and see James; you know the wards are strong; you know I'll be fine," and even though Regulus in no way wants to leave his brother, he's still kind of doing everything Sirius tells him right now.

 

"Okay," he rasps, glancing back and scowling at Sirius' go-on motion as he turns toward the living room.

 

For the first time in three days, his brother is not at the highest point in his mind as he takes in James' tear-stained face and the way he's almost drooping on the couch.

 

"What the fuck did you do to him?" he snaps, glaring at Remus and essentially shoving him off the couch so he can take his place next to James. "How dare you make him cry –"

 

"He didn't make me cry; I was just crying to him," James interrupts immediately, looking slightly panicked at Regulus' anger and how this is the most emotion he's shown in days, but again, Regulus doesn't really care.

 

"Sirius wants you, leave the door open," he says, dismissing Remus, who shakes his head amusedly before he settles down next to James on the bed, holding him, and they both lie in silence for a little while as they gather their thoughts.

 

Regulus doesn't remember much after the battle.

 

He doesn't remember much after Sirius got hit with the curse either; it was just one terrified, hysterical blur of Sirius, stop bleeding, wake up; I don't know how to live without you.

 

He remembers Sirius' eyes opening. He remembers hearing screaming that turned out to be his, and then the next thing he knew, he was in Sirius's flat.

 

Then he was crying. And that's all he did for three days.

 

He'd sit with James even if he didn't really talk to him, and he'd watch Sirius. Ask him if he's okay. Ask again. And again. And again.

 

Listen to Sirius tell him not to worry.

 

Worry anyways.

 

Follow him like a shadow.

 

Apologise.

 

Don't give him a reason to leave.

 

Think about him leaving.

 

Try not to cry.

 

Cry anyways.

 

He doesn't know if it's because of his separation anxiety, his abandonment issues or if this is just the way he loves his brother, but privately thinks it's probably all of them.

 

He's waiting for the loop to begin again, but he's in the lull of all his fears right now, sitting in a different room from his brother but still next to his boyfriend because he can't stand to be alone.

 

It's a little humiliating how it's such a monumental achievement, but he supposes he can't complain about the way he heals.

 

"Feeling better?" James murmurs as he reaches up for him, lightly tugging him further into his arms, and Regulus just shrugs noncommittally, an obvious no, which makes James make a fussy concerned noise and pull him closer, tucking his head under his chin and starting to card his fingers through his hair.

 

Regulus relaxes a little, his eyes still looking over at the doorway, but knowing he's safe with James because he's James. He is safety. It's in a different way to how Regulus knows he'll always be safe with Sirius; nothing will ever be like that, but James is still safety nonetheless.

 

So he lies there, not thinking about anything, just drifting slightly until James' quiet voice pulls him out of his daze.

 

"Reg?" he says quietly. "I was hoping to talk to you about something," and Regulus shoots upright, his heart racing and James has to catch him by the waist so he doesn't fall off the couch.

 

"What? What is it? Are you okay? What's happening?" he blurts out in one breath, his terror ramping up at the knowledge that something has happened and something has happened to James, but James, patient as ever, calmly grabs his hand and sits them up on the couch.

 

"Everything's okay, I've been better, but I'm getting there slowly, and I think I need to talk to my parents, so I wanted to tell you I'm going there for dinner tonight and that you can stay here with Sirius and floo me if you need anything."

 

"No," Regulus says automatically, his mind still in panic mode, but James just squeezes his hand.

 

"It's important for me to go, so I am," he explains simply. "I'll floo so I arrive between the wards, and nothing will happen to me; it's important for me to go." 

 

Regulus swallows around the ever-present lump in his throat and stares pitifully at James, who is being kind and patient but firm in his intentions.

 

"Will you be back tonight?" he rasps, begging the answer to be yes, or he'll selfishly riot.

 

"Yep," James chirps. "I'm going at 5, and I'll be back before 8."

 

"Do you need me to come with you?" Regulus asks because he feels like he should, except he doesn't really want to and wouldn't go without Sirius anyway.

 

James just laughs a little sadly and leans in to kiss his forehead. "No, I'll go alone, but I appreciate you asking anyways." Then he tugs Regulus forwards again before they lapse into silence, just enjoying each other's company, until James calls for Sirius, and they essentially tag team over babysitting him.

 

He thinks he'd complain more about it if it weren't for the fact that he desperately needs it, so Sirius drops on the couch opposite him, James walks through the fireplace, and Regulus spends the entire evening waiting for him to come back.

 

 

The second James stumbles out of the fireplace and sees his parents waiting for him, he freezes, just for a moment, terrified that they're going to disown or shun him.

 

Instead, they do neither of those and surge forward at once, wrapping him in a tight hug.

 

"Oh, my sweet boy," Effie cries out.

 

"Hello, son," Monty calls.

 

James, rather predictably, bursts into tears, and the way his parents spoil him is so familiar, appreciated, and undeserved that it makes him cry harder, but he still doesn't pull away.

 

"I'm sorry," he starts chanting. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry I've disappointed you, I'm sorry I let you down, I'm sorry not a better son –"

 

"James," his mother interrupts, with slight reproach in her voice. "We raised you to be our son, which you are, so we will always be proud of you –"

 

"But you watched Peter grow up with me –"

 

"And now we'll watch Regulus grow old with you. I know it's not easy for you, and I know it's complicated, and I know you're upset, but we'll work through this together, and it'll be okay one day." James lets himself be shepherded to the conservatory that overlooks the back garden before he's sat on the couch, sandwiched between his parents, as he watches a rabbit hop across the lawn.

 

"I've been talking to a friend from work," his dad says, "and he's recommended a mind healer with experience in working through traumatic events, so I think it would be good for you to go in and see him. If Regulus, Sirius or anyone else wants to go as well, then they go, and we'll handle the cost, no questions asked; you don't need to suffer alone."

 

"But I killed my friend", James chokes out. "I should suffer," and then he crying again, crying, crying, crying, and his mum pulls him sideways to wrap him in a hug, and then he cries into her shoulder some more, truly grieving Peter and their friendship and everything that they will never be again.

 

"You do not deserve to suffer," she says firmly. "You deserve to take accountability and accept what happened, but nobody, least of all my son, deserves to suffer."

 

James just cries some more, but it's a more freeing way now. He still feels bad, and he's still not over it, but he feels better, and as much as it sounds awful to admit, he thinks he needed a break from Regulus to be able to focus on himself and let out his own emotions.

 

"Why don't you hate me," he asks, sniffing wetly as he pulls away but continues to lie against his mums' shoulder, looking at his dad.

 

Monty laughs again, the same sad huff of laughter that everyone seems to use this week as he tousles James' hair and says simply, "Because you're our son."

 

They don't discuss Peter anymore, they just talk in circles if the conversation drifts that way or discuss literally anything else, and while James obviously needs to sit down and talk about his feelings some more, he can't do it all at once, so he's doing it piece by piece. Eventually, though, his mother asks the question that's arguably more painful than the guilt he's been feeling. 

 

"How is young Regulus doing?" and James winces, unable to come up with any other response.

 

"Not good," he rasps, thinking of the lifelessness he's been showing the past few days, the way he barely sleeps, can't stand to be without his brother, and is genuinely falling apart. "He watched Sirius die, almost, or he thought he did, and he nearly didn't stop it", he admits in hushed whispers. "He's just so –" 

 

His voice cracks, and the tears fall again, crying into his hands at the dinner table, understanding Regulus a lot better now in the way he finds it so hard to stop. Then he's thinking of Regulus and Peter and the spell and Regulus again, and oh, now he understands how Regulus being apart from Sirius too long triggers his separation anxiety. 

 

James feels an intrinsic need to talk to him, rest his hand over his heart to check its beating, hold him in his arms so he knows no one can take him away, so he stands up, and his parents look at him with nothing but sorrow.

 

"Time to go?" his dad asks with a knowing look.

 

James just nods again, wiping his eyes, and his mum grabs a face cloth and washes his face for him like he's a little kid again. He lets her do it, and she lets him pretend he doesn't like it.

 

"We're proud of you," she tells him. "Choices aren't always easy, but I'm proud of you for making them anyways." 

 

He hugs her tight before walking to his dad.

 

"I love you, son; tell your boy I have a new poetry collection I think he'd like for next time he comes over." 

 

James hugs him, too, waves goodbye to the pair of them, and then disappears through the floo back to Regulus.

 

 

The next morning, Remus vaguely hears voices and movement from the living room and is about to yell at them to shut up so he can sleep in peace until he remembers it's probably just James and Regulus and restrains himself in time because there is absolutely no way that that would go over well with either of them.

 

He sighs and mutters quietly to himself, figuring it's the full moon tomorrow, so he may as well get up since he'll be exhausted either way. So he gets dressed and enters the lounge, where he sees Regulus with a book in his lap that he's not looking at, staring at his and Sirius' bedroom door, clearly waiting for Sirius to wake up.

 

"Morning," he calls out, trying to listen for any other sounds and frowning when he can't hear any. "Where's James?"

 

"Mind healer," Regulus bites out, his entire body visibly tense at the separation, and Remus understands better what Sirius meant when he said his entire body wilts a little to see Regulus like this.

 

Remus, admittedly, feels a little bad at how fine he is. No, it wasn't enjoyable watching Peter die, and no, it wasn't enjoyable helping James through a panic attack or seeing his fiancé covered in blood, but it was just a bad day that he got over with a good night's sleep.

 

He thinks he may be a little desensitised to violence from his nights with the wolfpack, but he's not exactly complaining.

 

Regulus is honestly just a little heartbreaking. He's just sad. Scared. Panicky. Sometimes Remus thinks he can be a little bitch and wishes he'd be nicer, but he hadn't meant this; the quiet shell who does whatever he's told as he learns how to ungrieve his brother who never died.

 

Remus sees Regulus as his little brother slightly because as much as he's a war hero, a part of him is still a kid, not that he'd ever say it to his face. He can tell he's slowly becoming protective of him, so when he sees him sitting on the couch, alone, spiralling and stressing, he aches too.

 

"I'm making tea if you want some," he calls simply, walking towards the kitchen, and he can sense Regulus hesitating, clearly wanting to check on Sirius again but not wanting to bother him, before quiet footsteps follow him. He turns around to see him standing in the doorway, so he pulls down two mugs and turns the kettle on to boil, raising an eyebrow in question at Regulus, who is frowning at him.

 

"You know Sirius well, right?" Regulus asks quietly, his voice strained, and Remus is admittedly a bit amused.

 

"Well, he is my fiancé," he replies slowly, trying to figure out the real question.

 

Regulus thankfully makes it easy this time as he looks up with wide eyes and croaks out, "Do you think he's actually okay? He doesn't tell me things like this, and I don't know if he's lying or not."

 

He sounds to be on the verge of tears, clearly stressed and overtired, so Remus brews the tea and brings their cups to the table, where he sits down and starts to drink before he answers.

 

"He's not lying," he says truthfully, which makes Regulus visibly relax, and Remus just aches again. "I think he's just stressed because he's worried about you," which is the honest truth, Remus doesn't need to be dating Sirius to know that, but Regulus looks absolutely gutted.

 

"I always do this to him," he complains. "It's just like when we were kids again." Then he's crying, not the broken sobbing he usually does with Sirius, but the silent weeping with his lips pressed together and his hands over his eyes as his entire body shakes.

 

Remus doesn't really know what to do with a crying Regulus, has never been good at dealing with his own emotions at the best of times, and never really learnt how to deal with anyone else's. He usually just hugs them and lets them cry and listens, but he can't imagine that would go over well with Regulus right now, so instead, he pours another cup of tea, adds milk and sugar and places it in front of him, and Regulus looks up with disbelief.

 

"I don't want tea; I want my brother," he cries, even as he reaches out for the mug and takes a sip, and Remus decides the best thing he can do is get Regulus what he wants.

 

His guess is wrong as Regulus reaches out to grab his arm as he walks out the door.

 

"Where are you going?"

 

"To wake up Sirius."

 

Regulus shakes his head frantically. "No, let him sleep; I woke him enough last night; I don't want to bother him."

 

"Well, I want to bother him," Remus admits, and Regulus frowns and curls up in his chair as he sips his tea, silently crying, refusing to protest against what Remus wants now that he's voiced it, but clearly wanting to.

 

Remus leaves him in the kitchen and goes to shake Sirius awake.

 

"Reg?" he murmurs without opening his eyes. "I'm alright; go back to sleep," which makes Remus huff an amused burst of laughter.

 

"Guess again, sweetheart," and Sirius jolts awake as his entire face softens into a delighted grin.

 

"Oh hi, I missed you," he breathes out, sounding ecstatic, as he tugs Remus down to kiss him deeply.

 

"I'm surprised you noticed I was gone."

 

"The sky is full of stars from Earth, but there's only ever one moon," Sirius sings out before adding a softer, "Of course I noticed," and Remus laughs a little breathlessly and feels his heart go all fluttery in the way only Sirius can make him.

 

"How are you?" Sirius asks, still grinning, and Remus pecks his forehead before grabbing his hand and pulling him up.

 

"Good, tired, fine," he says in quick succession. "I've been bonding with your brother while James is out."

 

"Oh fuck," Sirius hisses, scrambling up and looking panicked. "I forgot about that; how's Reggie? How was your bonding?"

 

"Well, I made him tea and then watched him cry, so it could've been better," he admits with a grimace, and Sirius just lets out a snort of surprised laughter that he quickly tries to smother.

 

"Sorry, pretend I didn't laugh; that wasn't funny," he says, still sounding amused as he pulls on the jumper Remus wore yesterday and then goes to presumably find Regulus, but Remus grabs his wrist and pulls him back before he goes.

 

"Moony?"

 

"I think you should talk to him properly, say how you feel and be honest," he whispers, ensuring Regulus can't overhear. "We were talking about you, which is what set him off, I think. He said it's your childhood all over again, so –"

 

"Fuck's sake Regulus," Sirius interrupts, rubbing a hand over his face. "Why the fuck would he say that? No, I get why; I'll talk to him later."

 

"And you still don't need to tell him about, you know. You don't have to –"

 

"Shut up, Moony; I'll be there."

 

"There's only one day left," he warns, and Sirius sighs again, looking conflicted.

 

"I'll do it tomorrow."

 

 

Regulus is in the kitchen eating lunch with James the next day when the front door opens, and he tenses instinctively until he hears laughter echoing through the flat and scowls to cover up his relief.

 

"Reggie! We missed you!" Barty cries out, coming through the doorway with Evan in tow, and Regulus scowls even harder.

 

"Don't call me Reggie."

 

"Okay, Reggie," he replies instantly. "How about I call you my favourite ex instead?" which makes James stiffen, and he and Evan laugh.

 

"Why are you even here?" Regulus asks them; he thought they would be gone for another week.

 

They look at him in slight confusion. 

 

"Your brother asked us to come over."

 

Regulus looks equally as confused. "Why?"

 

"I don't know, he just sent us an owl and said come over before 6 o clock and stay the night with you while they go out," Barty replies and the way Evan elbows him sharply in the side with a pointed stare makes him realise that he probably shouldn't have said that.

 

Regulus can feel himself starting to shake again, and he realises that if it was just Sirius going out, he wouldn't have called Barty and Evan over.

 

"James?" he asks, his voice trembling, eyes wide, and James stares back in the exact same way, his mouth opening and closing without making any noise as he tries to explain himself. He barely hears the way Evan sighs and walks out of the room before dragging in Sirius, who sits down at the head of the table, kicks out everyone else, and forces Regulus to look at him.

 

"Reggie," he says, grimacing slightly. "We need to talk."

 

 

"No," Regulus protests immediately. "No, you're not going, and if you are, then I'm coming too."

 

"You can't," Sirius argues. "That's why I called Evan and Barty to… well…."

 

"Don't you dare say babysit."

 

"I wasn't going to –"

 

"It doesn't matter what you were going to say because I don't need them, and you're not going."

 

"I haven't missed a single moon with Remus since I first became an animagus, and I'm not missing one now, Regulus," he explains patiently. "We need James there too since Moony is going to be more unpredictable since he's lost a member of his pack."

 

"He'll be fine; other wolves don't have babysitters, so why is he special?" Regulus hisses, lashing out to disguise his fear, and Sirius changes from patient to livid in a second.

 

"Because he's my fucking fiancé Regulus, and if you had any room left in your selfish fucking brain, you'd realise that not everything is about you, and there are other people I can care about as well. I'm not going sit down and play happy families with you while my fiancé is in fucking agony –"

 

"Oh, because we've never been a happy family, have we? Let's keep the fucking tradition going then." 

 

He storms out of the room, slamming the door behind him, but the flat is so small that there's nowhere to go because everyone is in the living room. He doesn't want to hide in his brother's bedroom and won't degrade himself by hiding in the bathroom, so he stalks towards the woefully small bookshelf and plucks a book off to read.

 

There's a slightly awkward silence, or awkward for James and Remus anyways; Barty and Evan are smirking at the scene he's created when James cautiously comes over to where Regulus is in the corner of the room, reading through the book on how to become an animagus so he can figure out how to how to condense the three-month long process into twenty minutes.

 

"Reg…?"

 

"You can fuck off too, James," he snaps, staring mutinously at the pages until James recoils in hurt and surprise, and he feels bad instantly. He's about to reach out to him when –

 

"Fucking typical, having a tantrum when you don't get your way."

 

"Oh fuck off, Sirius."

 

"Gladly," he shouts back, pushing Remus out the door and stepping over to pull James behind him.

 

Regulus scowls and pulls the finger at his back when he slams the door.

 

Then he hears the crack of apparation and freezes as he feels his anger melt away.

 

Because Sirius closed the door, which is cause for stress enough, but then he apparated.

 

Which means he's not behind it.

 

He's gone.

 

"Oh shit," he blurts out, his eyes bulging as he realises what just happened, "shit, shit, shit!" The fear is setting in again because Sirius isn't here, and he didn't tell him where he was going, and James is upset with him, too, so he has to find them.

 

He stands up and walks towards the front door, ready to apparate blindly and hope for the best when an arm curls around his waist, snatches his wand out of his pocket and drags him onto the couch.

 

"Sleepover time, Reggie," Barty calls out cheerfully. "Don't want to get eaten by your future brother-in-law, do you?"

 

If it were anyone else, he'd probably be humiliated by how weak he's acting right now, but it's only Barty, and he also really doesn't have room for any feeling other than fear right now.

 

"Something could happen; I need to find him; I need to make sure he's safe," he practically whines, too worked up to focus on wandless magic right now. So, he just struggles against Barty, who refuses to let go of him and cries again, fighting his grip and crying harder when he realises he's trapped. He can't get to Sirius.

 

Stupidly, pathetically, crying yet again.

 

He vaguely hears the conversation Evan and Barty are having in hushed whispers.

 

"No, Barty, you cannot be fucking serious."

 

"This is why we brought it; I knew this would happen."

 

"Why don't you just, I don't know, talk to him?"

 

"You think he can talk right now?"

 

"Well, he can't take it; weed will make him paranoid as fuck."

 

"Then it's cheering charms?"

 

"I hate you."

 

"Love you too, you know I'm right."

 

"Fine."

 

"Good."

 

"You know older Black will kill us, right?"

 

"If he comes back."

 

And Regulus focuses on that last bit and cries harder, trying to break free and go out the door, trying to find Sirius because he's not here and the last thing he said was fuck off, and now he's going to die, and he's not even the master of death anymore because the hallows don't exist, and James hates him too, and he didn't get to apologise and –

 

A warm and fuzzy feeling slowly floats over him, as though he has champagne flowing through his veins, and he feels his lips curling up against his will, a surprised laugh bursting from his throat as he tries to remember what he was crying about in the first place.

 

"Sirius," he says, his mouth stumbling over the words slightly as he tries to remember why he was thinking about his brother, but then he watches as another burst of light leaves Evan's wand, hitting him in the chest, and the warm fuzzy feeling settles over his mind again so he laughs instead. He likes the sound of his laughter, soft and so different to usual, so he laughs again and again and again.

 

"One cheering charm is supposed to make someone smile for an hour," Evan incredulously tells Barty. "It took three to make him stop crying and eight to make him laugh."

 

"You gave him eight cheering charms?"

 

"No, add them together; it's eleven," he scoffs. 

 

Regulus doesn't understand the math and doesn't understand why he's feeling so good, but he is, so he sits on the couch against the warm body, but it's not the right warm body. He tries to frown to show his displeasure, but his face won't let him, so he laughs instead.

 

"You're not James," he tells Barty. "I'm going to go find James," but he slumps further into Barty and looks half-heartedly around the room before laughing again.

 

"James isn't here. Why isn't he here? I shouldn't be this happy when he's gone. Where did he go?" Then he keeps peering around before giving up and trying to sulk, except he's too happy to sulk properly, so he tries to listen to the conversation around him.

 

"So he's going to be like this for eleven hours?" Barty is asking incredulously. "I told you we should have just stunned him and dealt with him yelling at us later."

 

"Older Black would have killed us."

 

He loses focus after that, and time passes in an intangible blur that Regulus can't make sense of, but he's floating in space, his chest warm and tingly, and he's lying on the couch, staring at the stars that are projected onto the ceiling when the crack of apparation sounds out, and the front door opens.

 

"Oh," Regulus gasps out, starting to laugh again. "Hi, Sirius, you're back; I missed you."

 

Instead of replying, which Regulus thinks is rather rude, Sirius turns to Barty and Evan, looking utterly livid.

 

"Did you fucking drug him? He hisses. "Why is he happy?"

 

Regulus watches as Barty smirks and pulls a joint from his pocket before squawking indignantly as Sirius snatches it and pockets it for himself.

 

"Why is my little brother on drugs?"

 

"Oh, you remembered you have a brother now, congratulations –"

 

"Crouch, don't test me; I swear to god –"

 

"It's cheering charms; stop fighting the both of you," Evan cuts in, sounding exhausted. "It was either that or let him have a breakdown, so chill the fuck out. Black, tell your brother you're fine, then go to bed. Barty and I are taking the second bedroom; I don't care if you want us to. Black, deal with your boyfriend. Potter, deal with yours, and I'll –"

 

"You'll deal with me," Barty says, grinning in faux saccharine, and Evan smirks as Sirius fakes gagging.

 

"Night, Reg, can't wait for you to hate us tomorrow," Barty calls.

 

"I could never hate you; you're my best friends," Regulus replies solemnly before he laughs again, unaware of how they could even think that.

 

Evan laughs too. "Can't wait to see you when you wake up and remember this," before they disappear, and Regulus' focus moves to Sirius.

 

"Hi," he says again, watching how Sirius is still glaring at him slightly, but his expression seems to be getting slightly softer. "I missed you. Are you okay? I was worried until I forgot how to be."

 

Sirius does sigh at this, looking conflicted, and he stands over Regulus, who is still lying on the couch, and then he frowns slightly. Regulus tries to mimic him but still can't frown, so he laughs instead.

 

"Go to sleep, Regulus," he says warningly, clearly not over their fight. "You're still my least favourite brother right now."

 

"That's okay," Regulus replies earnestly. "It's still better than the times you refused to acknowledge we were brothers at all." 

 

Sirius flinches like he's been struck and stares at him, utterly stricken, before his face settles again.

 

"You are still drugged, and I'm still annoyed at you; we're having this conversation tomorrow."

 

"Oh, that's good," Regulus says, smiling delightedly. "That means I'll get to see you again." 

 

Sirius swears like his compliments have offended him but still tugs him into a quick hug.

 

"God, you fuck me off, Reggie," he mutters before adding a gentler, "Go to sleep."

 

"I was waiting for you to get back", and then the charm must be starting to wear off because a question comes to his mind. "Are you okay?"

 

Sirius softens again. "Yeah, Reggie, I promise we're all okay –"

 

"We?" Regulus asks, absentmindedly looking around. "Oh, James, you're here," he breathes out in delight, quite sure he would have had the same reaction of elation without the charms on him. There's a bit of movement he can't make sense of, then the lights are dimmed, and James extends the couch into a bed again, so it's just the two of them.

 

"I missed you," he says earnestly, moving closer for a kiss, but James only lets out a huff of sad laughter as he lightly kisses his forehead before gently pushing Regulus backwards, leaving him staring in betrayal.

 

"Maybe tomorrow Reg; just get some sleep, okay?"

 

"I don't want to sleep; I just want to look at you for the rest of my life," Regulus admits, and James makes the same face as Sirius, like he wants to be annoyed but is struggling.

 

"We'll talk tomorrow," he repeats, and Regulus tries to find a loophole.

 

"We don't have to talk?"

 

"I said tomorrow; I'm not in the mood; I'm still upset with you," James says before adding a quieter, "still love you, though."

 

Regulus lies there for a bit, trying to sulk but unable to, giggling quietly to himself, until thirty minutes later, the last of the cheering charms wear off, and he's violently jolted back into reality with the same headspace he's spent the past week in.

 

James is in front of him.

 

No one else.

 

Where's –

 

"Sirius?" he calls out, voice strained, the panic already setting in until he hears an exhausted "I'm fine, Reggie, go to sleep," and he calms down slightly, knowing his brother is okay.

 

Then he turns to James, remembering what he said to him, remembering how he'd looked, and remembering how he'd left before he could apologise.

 

"James?" he asks quietly. The charms have worn off now. Can we talk?"

 

"When we wake up," James repeats as he said before, but he still sounds sad, and Regulus feels worse and worse by the second because they've never gone to sleep after a fight without resolving it first.

 

"James, please –"

 

"I said I'm tired; we'll talk tomorrow." 

 

"I'm sorry," Regulus whispers much later, as his guilt prevents him from sleeping. "I was scared and needed space, but I couldn't get it, so I lashed out instead, and I'm sorry for hurting your feelings. I love you, and I'm sorry, and I'll be here waiting when you're ready to talk." He lies with his heart racing, staring at James' back, waiting for him to turn around and say something, but he doesn't reply.

 

Regulus knows his breathing patterns far too well to be deluded into believing he's asleep.

 

 

Regulus is dreaming.

 

He's dreaming a nice dream for once but won't remember what it's about. It's nonsensical. It's transcendent. It's sweet. It's sunshine on bare skin and the weight of four blankets over your body as you lie in bed and watch the snowfall.

 

This is why it's all the more confusing when he's violently shaken awake and agonised sobbing fills the air.

 

"Sirius?" he gasps out before he recognises the shape above him and realises that he's not the one who is crying for once. "James? James? What's happening? Tell me what's happened –"

 

James doesn't seem to hear him because, fight forgotten, his face is pressed into Regulus' chest, and he is sobbing so hard he genuinely worries if James is still breathing.

 

"Reg, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry –" but he's crying too hard and isn't breathing enough to pronounce the words, so Regulus panics too and does the only thing he can think of.

 

"Sirius!" he cries, well aware that he'll be able to hear the fright in his voice but uncaring right now. "Sirius!"

 

"I'm fine, Reggie," is the slightly slurred reply, but Regulus shakes his head, needing him to understand.

 

"Sirius, it's not me. It's James."

 

Sirius comes running and then pauses when he sees Regulus staring desperately at James, unsuccessfully trying to calm him down and then at James, who is just panicking, breaking down, falling apart.

 

It's always Regulus who is the one who breaks down to this extreme, he's never been on the other side of it, and he's never been more grateful to Sirius right now as he realises how many times he's dealt with him like this and how good at it he's always been.

 

Right now, he just feels like a failure as he watches James fall apart, flowing like water, and no matter how much he tries, he can't pick up the pieces, helpless to watch as they slip through his fingers and spread across the floor.

 

But Sirius is here, and he catches them because he's Sirius, and he's always been good at that.

 

He crouches in front of James and places a hand on his back, and Regulus watches him pleadingly.

 

"Hey, James," Sirius murmurs. "I need you to breathe, okay? I just need you to breathe with me, feel my heart, try and match it –"

 

"Regulus," James gasps again, shaking his head wildly, his eyes looking around but not really seeing. "Regulus, he's gone; Peter's spell got him and –" He sucks in another sharp breath, and another, and another, and then Sirius turns to him.

 

"Speak to him, Reggie," he says.

 

"And say what?" Regulus asks, utterly wrecked.

 

"Anything, tell him you're here; tell him you're okay." Regulus has never been more grateful for his brother as he talks to James, hesitantly but then more surely as James starts to breathe. Regulus exhales in relief as he sees the moment James' eyes focus on him before his tears start again, but this time in sheer overwhelming relief as he realises it was just a nightmare.

 

"You're okay, you're okay, you're okay," he keeps chanting, and Regulus hushes and soothes him until James seems to exhaust himself and fall back asleep, lying on Regulus' chest with his arms wrapped around him.

 

Sirius' gaze finally snaps to him, and Regulus, stupidly, pathetically, unbelievably, wants to cry. Wants to apologise. Wants to tell his brother he loves him.

 

Because that was awful, absolutely awful, and he hopes he never has to go through it again, but Sirius has had plenty of practice with him, and it just comes so easily to him. Comforting, being gentle, making people feel better. Sirius is so good at it. Regulus still doesn't know where to begin.

 

"Thank you," is all he says, the most inadequate reply possible, but it's all he has right now, even if it means so much more.

 

Thank you for coming. Thank you for knowing what to do. Thank you for being my brother.

 

Sirius stares at him with the same tender expression he's had for the past week, and then he wordlessly summons a vial of dreamless sleep and holds it out, doesn't ask, just begs silently.

 

Regulus takes the vial but pauses before he drinks it.

 

Sirius raises an expectant eyebrow.

 

"Sirius," he rasps, still wanting to cry but feeling bad to put his brother through anything else right now if this is how he's been feeling after all of Regulus' breakdowns this week. "I didn't mean what I said last night, and I love you, and I'm sorry and –"

 

"We'll talk in the morning, Reggie," Sirius says, sounding drained. "I love you too."  

 

Regulus swallows down the vial, and the last thing he feels before sleep drags him under is the feeling of the duvet being pulled up over his and James' bodies.

 

 

Sirius stares at James and Regulus, both fast asleep now, and he just aches. It's all he can do, really. He aches and wishes everyone was okay and that that stupid final battle had never happened, and then he realises how not okay everyone is and then aches some more.

 

He can take everyone's ache, though; that's alright. If he aches enough, his chest will start to hollow out with the weight of it all, and it'll leave him room to take more, especially Regulus'; he's been doing that for a long time, and this week has shown him that he never learnt how to make the urge go away.

 

It's only seven thirty in the morning, they'd been asleep for less than an hour, and he's exhausted; everyone is exhausted, so he goes straight back to bed, careful not to wake Remus, and nestles up behind him before falling back asleep.

 

When he wakes up hours later, though, he's still tired.

 

He'd never tell Regulus this, but it's tiring looking after him while he's in this state. He does it, and he does it willingly, and he'll do it for the rest of his life if that's what he needs, but he's spending so much time making sure Regulus is okay that he hasn't had much time to think about himself.

 

Physically, he's fine; the spell Regulus cast purged everything out of his body, but mentally, he's just drained.

 

Regulus had explained that they had to give up the house, and that's why they'd had to come here, which Sirius genuinely couldn't care less about, but as much as he loves his brother, he does not want to live in a small 2 bedroom apartment with him for the rest of his life.

 

Of course, if he needed anything, then he could stay, but also, there's no chance he and Regulus would survive the next year if they were in forced proximity the entire time.

 

But they can last a bit longer.

 

So he just lies in bed watching Remus in the dim lighting of the room as the sun tries to flood past the curtains, and enjoys the peace while it lasts.

 

He feels bad for thinking that, even if it's a little true, and the second he has the thought, the door cracks open slowly, and he sees Regulus poke his head through it. Sirius selfishly hopes he's okay, so he can keep resting here for a bit longer.

 

All Regulus does, though, after glancing at Remus, who is clearly still sleeping, is give Sirius a thumbs up with an obvious question on his face.

 

Are you okay?

 

Sirius barely opens his eyes to give a thumbs up in response.

 

Fine.

 

This, fortunately, seems to appease Regulus, who nods in relief and then closes the door behind him, and Sirius deflates again because the fact Regulus can check he's okay without words and then be in a different room shows he's getting better.

 

It's small; to some, it's laughable, but progress is progress.

 

He closes his eyes again, not sleeping but just dozing, daydreaming, taking a break from the world until he feels movement next to him and Remus rolls over, blinking drowsily, before he sees Sirius and smiles. Sirius can't help but mimic his actions as he leans forwards and gives him a quick kiss.

 

"Hey, you."

 

"Hey yourself."

 

"Anything happens in the night?" Remus asks, still looking utterly shattered from the moon, and his eyes are half open, but he still sees the way Sirius grimaces slightly.

 

"Ah, is Regulus okay now then?"

 

Sirius grimaces again. "It was James, actually."

 

Remus exhales forcefully, looking as resigned about this whole situation as Sirius feels. "It really wasn't a great night for either of them, I suppose," he says, frowning slightly, and Sirius lets out a surprised burst of laughter at the easy way he says it.

 

"You can help me with something, actually," Sirius says carefully, and he sees the way Remus looks suspicious, so he rushes on. "We need to give Grimmauld Place to Narcissa, and as much as I love them, James and Regulus can't sleep on the couch forever, but they also can't go anywhere still in this state. Any thoughts?"

 

Remus, of course, has an answer, and he frowns thoughtfully and says, "Isn't the place across the hall on a short-term lease while the owner goes on holiday? 6 months is enough time for them to settle down, and we can always make another plan from there if not."

 

That actually works perfectly and is the exact answer Sirius was hoping for that he hadn't been able to come up with himself.

 

"You are the best," Sirius declares, leaning forward and kissing him deeply, and he resolves to sort that out quietly and discreetly, paid for in advance and then it will be James and Regulus' to do what they wish with it.

 

"We should get up," Sirius says reluctantly, thinking of the mess of last night and the fight before they left, but Remus just raises an eyebrow and tilts his head. "Stay a little longer?" 

 

Sirius flops back down from where he'd been going to sit up and lets himself be wrapped in Remus' arms with a pleased smile.

 

"Yeah, alright."

 

 

James wakes up slowly and is almost lulled back to sleep by the steady heartbeat his head rests against.

 

Regulus, his mind helpfully supplies.

 

You're still mad at him, his mind supplies next, significantly less helpfully, and James lets out a long breath as the events of the previous night, or rather this morning, come back to him.

 

 Staring at Regulus now as he lies with his eyes shut, breathing evenly, is the first morning since the battle that Regulus hasn't already been awake when James woke up, either having woke early, had a nightmare and refused to go back to sleep, or just hadn't slept the entire night.

 

Regulus is getting better, he can tell, but he's also nowhere near good, which manifests primarily into extreme paranoia, mostly involving Sirius, and either an inability or an extreme aversion to sleep in case something happens.

 

He thinks that's why his nightmare turned into a panic attack last night; usually, when he has this dream, he wakes up to see Regulus already watching him and ready to reassure him that he's alive and okay, but this time, he'd woken to see him with his eyes closed.

 

And he'd panicked.

 

He'd panicked and spiralled, his memories combining with the nightmare, blurring the lines between reality, and he was lost in his head until he heard Regulus talking to him, telling him he was okay. He vaguely remembers Sirius being there as well and saying something to Regulus before he fell back asleep, too tired to dream again.

 

Now though, Regulus looks peaceful as he sleeps, which is rare, but it makes more sense when he sees the half-full vial of dreamless sleep that Sirius must have brought because Regulus would never take it on his own.

 

James aches at that thought, starts to spiral slightly and then decides to just force those emotions away and wait to deal with them when Regulus wakes up since they're all about him anyways. So, he lies back down, propping his chin up on one arm and using the other to reach out and slowly trace the shape of Regulus' face while he sleeps, carding his fingers through his hair. Eventually, he's rewarded by eyelids fluttering open, eyes droopy and disorientated until they focus on James and the soft moment he'd created for himself is ruined as Regulus bolts upright, almost whacking their heads together as his fingers flutter over James' body like he's afraid he might hurt him with his touch.

 

"Are you okay? Your nightmare? Are you alright now? Do you need anything?" he asks in quick succession, voice strained.

 

James needs a lot of things right now, but none immediately pertaining to the nightmare.

 

"I'm alright; I'm always alright after them when I see that you're here," and Regulus sucks in a sharp breath at that, looking so vulnerable the way he always does when James shows him true affection, before his mask schools back into place and he shuffles back to the corner of the couch, leaning against the armrest and putting his head in his hands.

 

"Well then," he says, voice muffled and sounding resigned. "I suppose we should talk," but he doesn't pull his head out of his hands or make any move to start the conversation.

 

James just sighs.

 

"I suppose we should."

 

 

Regulus is understandably embarrassed by the entire night.

 

First, he had to be babysat by his best friends because Sirius didn't trust him not to run off. 

 

Second, Sirius' predictions were accurate, and Regulus did indeed try to run off before having another breakdown when his babysitters did their job.

 

Third, the only solution was to practically drug him with cheering charms against his will to get him to calm down.

 

Fourth, he doesn't remember half of what he said while on cheering charms and knows he will be teased mercilessly for it.

 

Fifth, his brother and boyfriend saw him like that.

 

Sixth, James is upset with him.

 

Seventh, James was upset with him, and Sirius dragged him out of the house before he could make amends which only added to his breakdown, and when he finally wore out the cheering charms, James rejected his attempts to talk.

 

Then James had the nightmare, and Regulus learnt firsthand how stressful and terrifying it is to deal with one, even though he's made James, Sirius and even Barty subject to his on multiple occasions, and now he just feels like an awful person.

 

He doesn't know how to apologise or how to begin, but he has to start somewhere.

 

All he has to do is say something, just begin the conversation.

 

Or.

 

"You're the one who is mad at me," he says, looking up at James, "you talk first."

 

James stares at him for a long moment and then breathes out slowly. "I was upset when you lashed out at me instead of telling me you didn't want to talk, and I was tired from the full moon, which made me more sensitive. I regret not talking it out before we left, and I'm sorry if my refusing to talk to you once your cheering charms had worn off offended you, but I needed time to think and figured we should be in a clearer headspace if we were going to talk."

 

Regulus hasn't had time to come up with a reply to that which he is saved from when James keeps talking, and he realises that was only the introduction to his little feelings and making up speech.

 

Regulus can't decide whether he hates the vulnerability of all of this or if he adores the way James is so healthy about everything and doesn't leave all his emotions to fester within him until they curdle like Regulus does.

 

"Sometimes," James is saying, "I think you don't always feel like you have the option to say no and that the only way to refuse is to push people away so they take back the question altogether." Regulus doesn't hear the next few sentences after that as he focuses on how exceptionally called out he's feeling right now.

 

When he tunes back into the conversation, James is still talking. 

 

"– And I know you didn't mean to hurt my feelings, or at least I hope you didn't, but the fact is you did, and so it's important to me that I can communicate how I felt and you can understand to minimise it happening in the future. I already forgive you, and I still love you, but I still think it's important to talk, so talk to me." Then a slightly more hesitant, "Please."

 

Regulus stares at him, not refusing to talk but unsure where to begin, so James prompts him. "Just start with how you feel?" 

 

"I feel like it's too early in the morning to be psychoanalysed like this," Regulus admits.

 

"Love, it's late afternoon," James replies amusedly, which makes Regulus huff and then think about James' question.

 

"I currently feel uncomfortably seen," he says, which is the most accurate thing he has so far, and James nods understandingly, refusing to push, so he says the next thing that pops into his head. "You're unfairly good, James," he rants, "you're too good for me, too good for the entire fucking world, and you just exist, and it's so fucking annoying."

 

James blinks a few times. "Sorry…?"

 

"Don't be," Regulus replies with a quiet laugh, "It's one of the things I love about you." James sits back, pleased but obviously not done with the conversation.

 

"I think you've noticed that I'm not doing well at the moment," Regulus says slowly, deliberately ignoring any eye contact James is trying to create. "And I know you know why, the main reason being Sirius," but his voice cracks when he says his name and James moves closer hesitantly. 

 

"Reg…?"

 

"No, I need to say this or else I never will," he says, cutting James off and feeling slightly unhinged. "I said once that my trauma was holding our relationship together because even when you were mad at me, and we were fighting, you still came to comfort me, but I don't want that to be all we are. I know I haven't had many good examples of how love should be, but I want to be good for you, want us to be good for each other, so I need to say this."

 

His eyes flick towards James, who is watching him patiently.

 

He keeps talking.

 

"You're right", he admits, loathing the words that come out of his mouth, even if they're true. "Sometimes it's easier to push people away than admit I need help, and I'm not always very good at having people know that I'm not okay, but this week everyone knows because I can't even hide it and, well –"

 

"It's hard?" James prompts.

 

"Yeah," Regulus huffs with a bitter laugh. "It's really fucking hard, and since myself is taking so much work at the moment, I haven't had much time to be there for you, and I've been keeping Sirius to myself even though you need him too. I haven't even asked how you're doing, and I'm sorry if I've been selfish in my healing, so how are you, James?"

 

James' reply is exactly what he should have expected. A frown, slight reproach in his voice, and a "don't apologise for the way you heal Regulus, you have to do what's best for you." 

 

Then he adds a much more matter-of-fact, "I'm struggling with my emotions with Peter, but Remus had a good talk to me about that, which helped, and the Mind Healer does too. I'm still worried something will happen to you, and my nightmares aren't helping with that, but I'm worried about you most of all. I want to be there for you, but all you seem to need is Sirius, so it's hard to know how to help you."

 

"You are unfairly good at this," Regulus says sullenly, looking at James, who gives him a confused glance in response.

 

"It's just saying how I feel?"

 

"Exactly."

 

"My parents raised me like this," James admits, shrugging slightly.

 

"My parents would have locked me in a cupboard if I even thought about saying any of that," Regulus counters, his lips curled up in fond nostalgia, and James looks horrified.

 

"Regulus, that's not normal and not funny."

 

"It's a little funny."

 

"Regulus!"

 

"Sirius would have laughed," he pouts before he looks back at James. "I'm sorry for snapping at you, and now that we've, discussed feelings, I can be more aware of what you may need or not need." Then he adds a quieter "You do help me, more than you know. I've always come to associate safety with you, and nothing has changed that. Maybe it's illogical, but you just being here with me helps, so don't doubt the power that your mere presence has over me."

 

"You are forgiven," James declares, tugging him forward and planting a quick kiss on his forehead before adding a quieter, "Thank you, I love you."

 

"I love you too," Regulus replies instantly.

 

James seems to have a weight off his shoulders following their first proper conversation without tears or crises following the battle, and as much as Regulus hates to admit it, he does feel better than he would've if he'd kept his feelings inside and sulked for a few days like if it were him and Sirius who fought.

 

"What do you usually do after a full moon?" he asks James since they're still lying on the sofa, but he's getting hungry. "You don't make Remus cook, do you? Because I know neither you nor Sirius can."

 

"Hey, I can make toast and walk to the takeaway shop," James protests, and Regulus rolls his eyes with a scornful expression on his face.

 

"You are tragic," he says fondly but with total sincerity as he tugs on James' arm to bring him to the kitchen. "We'll go make pancakes for everyone since the others should be awake soon," and that's something kind and charitable and out of character that he thought James would support, so he's surprised by the way James seems reluctant to follow him and almost seems to be pouting.

 

"What?"

 

"Do you really need to make pancakes for everyone?" James asks sulkily. "What's wrong with cornflakes?" 

 

"But you like pancakes," Regulus slowly, entirely unsure where James' reluctance is coming from, until he replies with an almost bashful, "Yeah, but making pancakes is, like, our thing."

 

Regulus' entire being riots, and he's grinning before he can stop himself.

 

Making pancakes.

 

Their thing.

 

Oh, he likes the sound of that.

 

"You're so pretty when you smile," James tells him sweetly.

 

"So I'm only pretty once a year?"

 

"Regulus!" James calls out, utterly scandalised. "That is not what I said."

 

"Ah, but it's what you meant; I'm nothing more than your faceless lover –"

 

Predictably, James takes great offence to this, and Regulus holds back a pleased smile as James goes on a twenty-four minute rant about how much he loves him.

 

"I love your forehead," he says, kissing him there.

 

"And your eyes," kissing each one.

 

"And your nose."

 

"Your mouth."

 

"Your chest."

 

James drops to his knees and is about to continue his worship of Regulus when –

 

"Morning, Oh, Moony, they're fucking in the kitchen; please tell me you keep bleach in our household."

 

James pulls back, looking over in half amusement and half horror at Sirius, who has slammed the door behind him, and Regulus is just resigned, but, well.

 

"Don't stop, James!"

 

"Your brother is outside the door!"

 

"Exactly, he is outside it, so be quiet and –"

 

"What happened to making breakfast?"

 

"Fuck breakfast."

 

"He's going to come back."

 

"He won't."

 

The door rattles, and an annoyed "Are your clothes on yet?" flows through the door, and James grins smugly.

 

"Told you so."

 

"We hadn't even had the chance to take our clothes off," Regulus snaps before stomping to the door and swinging it open, glaring at Sirius.

 

"Your presence is bothering me," he announces, and Sirius, who he belatedly realises is still annoyed at him, scowls.

 

"Wonderful, me and Moony will leave again and have breakfast out –" Regulus tenses slightly, drags his brother by the wrist and pushes him at James, clearly saying he's his problem now, before returning to the stovetop to cook.

 

 

Sirius watches fondly as Regulus fusses over everyone. Would he admit that's what he's doing? No, but Sirius knows him well enough to know what it really is.

 

He knows Regulus feels bad for last night, partly because he's making breakfast for everyone instead of just himself, which is an I'm apologising, and we all know it, but no one is going to say anything about it sort of apology, and partly because he may have eavesdropped slightly on his and James' conversation that morning, although it's not his fault they didn't cast a silencing charm.

 

So, he knows how Regulus feels, knows that the both of them are slowly getting better, and they've clearly resolved their fight if he walked in to see James on his knees.

 

Remus gets fed first, which everyone agrees on by principle, then James goes to give the next plate to Sirius, but he's interrupted by a "no, that's for you, James; Sirius can wait and suffer," which makes Sirius pull the finger at Regulus' passive-aggressive treatment until he brings the last two plates over and puts one at his seat and the other at Sirius'.

 

"Ran out of milk," he says blandly as though he didn't put the half-open bottle back in the fridge thirty seconds ago. "You're not special, so you get that instead," gesturing to the poached egg on his plate, whereas everyone else had scrambled. Sirius rolls his eyes for Regulus' benefit, but his lips curl up as he watches Regulus refuse to meet his eyes.

 

Poached eggs have always been his favourite.

 

Usually, breakfast after a full moon is slightly miserable, and they rely on Lily to come over and patch everyone up and leave lasagne or something microwaveable in the fridge, but with everything going on and Lily 2 weeks away from giving birth, things just didn't happen this time around.

 

But Regulus is here now as he makes enough breakfast for everyone to have seconds, eating his salmon and eggs, complaining about the cutlery and how the glasses don't match, so there's no decorum, but the fact he's pretentious means he's not crying, and he's maybe, slowly, getting back to normal.

 

Besides his annoyance about Sirius ruining his and James' activities which Sirius refuses to think about, though, he almost seems happy.

 

His mood takes a sharp change when Barty and Evan burst in the doorway, and he looks utterly mortified, swears under his breath and then turns around to rewash the dishes he just cleaned.

 

This doesn't deter them in the slightest, and he, James and Remus all watch with amusement as they go over to rile him up.

 

"Ah, if it isn't our best friend, we missed you, Reggie."

 

"Don't call me Reggie."

 

"Do you need another cheering charm?"

 

"Barty, I swear to god –"

 

"It was just a question," he says, smiling sweetly, but then they all have a hushed conversation that Sirius can't hear, but Regulus looks reluctantly appreciative until he sends their plates to their seats at the table and Barty scowls. "Why are the eggs always fucking scrambled? Why do you never make me fried eggs like I always ask?"

 

"Because," Regulus replies through gritted teeth. "You're not special," and then he gets in another huff and stalks off into the lounge.

 

Sirius leans over and grins smugly. "He made me poached eggs instead of scrambled."

 

Barty leans right back and mimics his expression. "That's because he's worried you'll abandon him and thinks it's necessary to bribe you to stay."

 

"What?" Sirius demands, amusement forgotten as he looks incredulously toward the doorway Regulus is behind. "When would he have said that to you?"

 

"Last night," Barty says, casually eating his breakfast, uncaring about Sirius' emotional turmoil. "He also said he doesn't know how he can be so happy when Potter isn't with him, said he wanted to shake Lupin's hand since he makes you happy, and literally every thirty seconds said he missed you, Black."

 

"Regulus will kill you for saying that," Sirius tells him.

 

Barty just grins in a self-satisfied manner as he looks over at Evan. "No, he won't; we're his best friends he could never be mad at, after all."

 

 

Sirius finishes his meal slowly, thinking about what Barty had said, probably just in an effort to wind him up, but it bothers him anyways that Regulus is still so worried he's going to disappear on him, despite all the times he's promised he wouldn't.

 

"Did Regulus say anything else concerning last night?" he asks, leaning down to mutter in Barty's ear, who, as much as he dislikes, still knows a side of Regulus no one else ever will.

 

Barty just looks at him like he's stupid.

 

"He's Regulus; of course, he did."

 

If that's not a sign to talk to him, he doesn't know what is.

 

"Hey Reggie," he calls tiredly, walking into the living room, dropping on the couch opposite him, and aching again as he watches Regulus relaxes further at his presence.

 

Ache.

 

Ache.

 

Ache.

 

"How are you?" he asks, which predictably makes Regulus stare at him suspiciously.

 

"Fine," he replies slowly, like he's already in trouble. Sirius stares blankly at him and raises an eyebrow as if to say cut the bullshit; how are you really?

 

Regulus huffs slightly, looking put out so that Sirius can see through his façade. "I'm doing better," he amends before glancing at the half-open door to the kitchen and then back at Sirius, who casts a quick silencing charm.

 

"Are you still mad at me?" he asks bluntly, staring at Sirius in challenge as if to dare him to say yes, and Sirius sighs slightly, but he doesn't have to think too much about it.

 

"No," he says. "Maybe a little, but I'm getting over it," and then since honesty is important and Regulus is being honest with him, he adds, "I might have overheard you talking to James this morning and understood things a little better", and then he braces himself for –

 

"That was a private conversation," Regulus snaps, looking genuinely pissed off, and Sirius is half pleased his brother has stopped walking on tiptoes around him and half not keen to deal with his fury while he's running on such little sleep.

 

"If you're going to have private conversations, then do it under a silencing spell," he says flatly, quite aware he could have cast one himself but also not entirely at fault here.

 

"I thought you were asleep," Regulus mutters sullenly before a weird expression crosses his face, and he squeezes his eyes shut. "I don't want to cast a silencing charm, and there be something happen to you that I don't hear," he croaks out, and Sirius sighs quietly as he gets up and drops down next to Regulus, tugging him into another hug.

 

"Will I ever stop fucking crying," Regulus whines, and Sirius aches some more.

 

"Of course, you will," he says easily, using as much faux confidence as he can muster. "We'll both be okay one day –"

 

"Both?" Regulus asks, his eyes narrowing. "Are you not okay?"

 

And isn't that the question? 

 

Sirius has never really been the type to let his brother in when he's having problems; he didn't when he was younger because he wanted to let Regulus keep his childhood for a little bit longer, and now? He guesses he never really grew out of it; he's always been in protecting his little brother mode instead of just being his brother.

 

But, if Regulus is trying, he should too.

 

"I'm just tired, really," he admits, aware of how Regulus looks at him in slight surprise because this isn't really what they do. Sirius doesn't go around sharing his problems, or not with Regulus anyways; that was always something for James which undoubtedly started Regulus' resentment towards him, but times change.

 

"I'm fine," he says slowly because that's always a good way to start his sentences with Regulus, "but I'm tired because I'm not sleeping much, partly because you wake me often, partly because of the full moon, and partly because I'm worried about everyone, all of which takes a toll, however –"

 

"So you're tired of me," Regulus concludes dully.

 

"However," Sirius repeats forcefully, "I am happy to do it, and there is no world where I wouldn't, and if you need something from me and you don't ask for it because you don't want to burden me or some shit, Regulus I swear to fucking merlin –"

 

"But do you get the same helpless feeling I got with James when I have a panic attack, and do you find it hard to get it out of your head? Because how can you tell me how it's not you dealing with me again while I can't do it back just like –"

 

"No," Sirius interrupts sharply. "Don't even start. Don't think that. Don't. This is nothing like our childhood, and this isn't me taking hits for you; it's me helping you heal –"

 

"But I don't want that if my problems are going to become your –"

 

"Nope, we're not even going there," Sirius says, cutting Regulus off. "If you have a problem, you talk to me or James or even fucking Crouch if you have to otherwise, otherwise," and he frowns as he tries to come up with effective guilt-tripping. "Otherwise, I'll be sad, and it'll be all your fault", he concludes, looking at Regulus, who looks to be sulking.

 

"You are a terrible person," he replies, which makes Sirius smirk until Regulus adds a quieter "but you're still my brother," meaning Regulus hasn't reached the point where he can insult Sirius without worrying that they could be his last words.

 

"You'll always be my favourite brother, Reggie," Sirius tells him quietly, which seems to appease Regulus, before he looks at how he looks paler and more sickly than usual, even with the food and dreamless sleep he's been forcing him to take.

 

"Have you left the house since the battle?" he asks, staring at Regulus carefully, who looks guilty and panicked, confirming his answer. "You need fresh air and sunlight, Reggie. You look like shit."

 

"I haven't wanted to leave," he admits, glancing quickly at Sirius, who sighs again.

 

"We're having a brotherly bonding day and going outside," Sirius decides, which makes Regulus startle slightly.

 

"What? What about James and Remus, though?"

 

"They're having a friendship bonding day, I suppose, so have a shower because you really fucking need one, and then we're going grocery shopping because we've had the same meal four nights in a row."

 

"Fine."

 

"Good."

 

"Go then."

 

 

Regulus does shower and feels much better, and then he checks with James that he's happy to stay with Remus, who is, of course, nothing but supportive of Regulus and Sirius having brother bonding time together and has also been silently complaining about the monotony of meals.

 

One thing Regulus had failed to take into account until he'd left the house, though, was just how busy central London is for someone who is naturally paranoid by nature; however, for someone who is still trying to recover from almost watching his brother die a week ago, this is a fucking nightmare.

 

They're barely two steps out the door of the building when Regulus is tugging on Sirius' arm.

 

"We need to go back," he hisses, his eyes flitting around at all the people in the bustling Camden town. "There are too many people; it's not safe," but Sirius ignores him and keeps walking, dragging him along until Regulus digs his heels into the footpath as best as he can, and Sirius is forced to stop. Instead of being annoyed, though, he has his stupid, pitying, understanding look, which is arguably worse.

 

"They're muggles, Regulus; what are they going to do to me that I can't do to them?" he asks in mild exasperation.

 

"Mary killed Umbridge with her hands; maybe these muggles learnt how to do it too," and he's being entirely serious, so he's almost offended when Sirius just starts laughing.

 

He's giggling hysterically in the middle of the street while Regulus sulks since he's laughing at him, and every time Sirius looks at him, he's set off again.

 

Eventually, after Regulus is standing with his shoulders hunched up to his ears, scowling heavily, Sirius sobers up and wipes tears from his eyes.

 

"A muggle isn't going to come up to me in the middle of the street and break my neck," he snorts, clearly trying not to laugh again.

 

"They could, though, first time for everything, so we should go back home –"

 

"Well, I'm going to the supermarket," Sirius calls as he starts walking backwards. "You can go back home if you want, but I'm going this way," and then he turns around and starts walking towards where the voices get louder, where the people get denser, where the dangers increase –

 

"For fuck's sake," Regulus mutters under his breath, hurrying along after his brother, and Sirius sends him a self-satisfied smirk at him that makes Regulus kick him behind his knee, causing his leg to buckle as he stumbles forwards.

 

"You little fucker," Sirius hisses.

 

"You manipulative bitch."

 

"You're my least favourite brother."

 

"No, you're my least favourite brother."

 

"Two least favourites equals a favourite, so that means I'm your favourite."

 

"What?"

 

"Double negatives or something; Remus said it's a muggle thing."

 

"It's the English fucking language, Sirius; it's not a muggle thing; it just is."

 

"Thanks, scientist Regulus, it just is."

 

"What's a scientist?"

 

"Like a muggle potioneer."

 

"Our parents would roll in their graves at us having this conversation."

 

"Not after the way you killed them," Sirius sings out, but then they hear a gasp of horror from an old lady who overheard them, and then they're both muffling laughter and faking apologies as they hurry down the road.

 

Sirius is thankfully a good distraction from the paranoia he'd initially felt, and it's honestly fun, just going through the streets, not having to worry about any of Dumbledore's schemes. It's just him and Sirius, once pretentious purebloods, now slightly less pretentious purebloods being transfixed by the muggle world.

 

They watch the water running down the gutter before it falls down a hole under the metal bars and disappears entirely. Then Sirius explains how to cross the street in a city because you have to press a button and wait for the green man to show because the red man says stop, and Remus says there's no fairies who live inside the traffic light, but Sirius still doesn't believe him. Regulus doesn't either, because how else would the light change colours without magic? 

 

There are different restaurants and takeaway shops lining the street, and they watch the world go by around them until Sirius veers into an orange shop called Sainsbury's that's full of food, grabbing a trolley and immediately running down the aisle and lifting his feet up so he goes flying.

 

"Give me the shopping list, and I'll pretend you don't exist until we need to pay," Regulus demands, dodging sharply out of the way as Sirius flies back towards him, and Sirius looks at him with panic before a slightly sheepish "ah, I may have forgotten to ask Remus for a list" leaves his mouth.

 

"So write your own list…?"

 

Sirius looks even more sheepish and almost embarrassed as he says, "Well, it's Remus who does the cooking, and I don't really know what we need."

 

Regulus just stares at him in astonishment, and Sirius wilts. "I know, call me useless, but I don't know how and Remus seems to like cooking, so I let him and –"

 

"So if none of us were here, you would have made him cook when he can barely even walk after the moon?" Regulus asks disbelievingly.

 

"Well, usually Lily cooks something for us the night before, but she's pregnant and can't apparate safely now, so I suppose I would've got takeaways?" he finishes, his voice raising like a question, and Regulus rolls his eyes and feels pity for himself that he has Sirius for his brother. Then remembers what happened a week ago and feels even worse.

 

"What do you want to eat?" he asks eventually, staring at his brother, who looks pitifully miserable as he stares at the crackers as though they'll write a list for him.

 

"Not crackers," Sirius moans, kicking a box of Jacob's that have clearly offended him.

 

"Then what do you want to eat?" Regulus repeats, trying not to say it too sharply. 

 

Sirius looks even more tragic as he mutters, "Chicken risotto, but I don't even know if it's rice or pasta that goes in it, so let's just buy these fucking crackers and be miserable."

 

"You are pitiful," he says scornfully before he sighs again. "I know how to make risotto; follow me," and then he drags Sirius around the store, glaring at him every time he pushes the shopping trolley into the back of his ankles and shutting down any food suggestion Sirius makes.

 

"What if we added whatever these are to the risotto?"

 

"You hate olives."

 

"Since when were olives black? We only ever ate green ones."

 

"Since always, Sirius."

 

Or.

 

"Should we have these crystals for dessert? Do you think they're nice?"

 

"That's rock salt, Sirius."

 

Or.

 

"Look at all the milk, Reggie. James once told me that chocolate milk comes from brown cows, so is this lime milk from a green cow? Strawberry – oh my god, are there pink cows somewhere?"

 

Regulus just walks away entirely, leaving Sirius to gape over the milk, and when he finally catches up, the trolley has 5 bottles of different flavoured milk in it.

 

"You do realise we need to carry that home?" Regulus asks. "Without magic?"

 

"Fucking statute of secrecy," he scowls as he takes them all back to the shelf except the chocolate one, saying Remus would like it best.

 

It's honestly fun shopping with Sirius because he has so little awareness of muggle foods that it makes Regulus feel good about himself with his slightly higher awareness, but the best part of the trip comes when they go to pay at the checkout and Sirius looks at Regulus in panic.

 

"Oh shit, I haven't got any money, I've only got," and then he surreptitiously him the handful of galleons in his pocket.

 

Regulus just rolls his eyes again and pulls a crisp 50-pound note from his own wallet, handing it over to the checkout lady.

 

"Aren't you lucky you've got your older brother to look out for you," the woman tells Sirius, handing him the lighter bag and giving Regulus the two heavier ones, and Sirius gapes at her, utterly speechless, while Regulus beams and walks out the door.

 

Sirius follows, spluttering in disbelief, and Regulus walks down the street, biting his lips so his smile doesn't turn into a full-blown grin.

 

"I do not look like your younger brother," Sirius is ranting, his face set in a mixture of incredulity, betrayal and offence. "I am, well, you're taller than me actually, but not by much, less than an inch, and I have better hair than you and better style, and I have always been your older brother. I am Lord Black; I was born as the heir, so the entire wizarding world knows, but I'm nothing to muggles. Do you think that woman thinks I'm too much of a younger brother to own a motorbike?" Regulus just laughs in the middle of the street, unable to stop himself.

 

"It's not funny, Regulus," Sirius hisses in a proper strop now, but Regulus laughs again, helplessly amused because Sirius is being so unbelievably sooky about it. 

 

He's still giggling quietly to himself as they return to the apartment where Evan and Barty have apparently gone again, but James and Remus are sitting on the couch, locked in a game of battleships.

 

"How was your brotherly bonding then?" Remus asks without looking up from the board.

 

"Awful," Sirius moans, dramatically falling on the couch and forcing Remus to catch him so he doesn't roll off.

 

"It was the best," Regulus announces, still laughing as he goes to put the groceries away. He hears James pick up Sirius' bag that he'd dropped on the floor and come after him, taking Regulus' bags out of his hands to put them on the bench and twirling him around so they face each other.

 

"You look happy," James tells him, sounding pleased, and Regulus laughs again, this time a little startled. "Yeah, I suppose I am", he admits, blinking slightly; before his face lights up again, he gives James a minute-by-minute recount of the entire trip. The whole time, James watches him fondly, and he's grinning, too, by the end of it.

 

"I missed your laugh," James tells him, sidling closer. "I'm glad you found it again," and there's no other way to respond to that except to laugh again, wrapping his arms around James' waist to pull him closer and –

 

He's missed this, the way he and James fit together so nicely; the way he tastes and he sighs into his mouth, and the easy way they lose all sense of time, lost in the transcendent sensations of one another –

 

"Christ, can you two go one day without fucking in the kitchen? I swear to Merlin," Sirius mutters, looking reluctantly amused as he pulls Regulus back by the shirt, pushing him towards the bench where the groceries he never got around to putting away are, and then sitting James in a chair on the other side of the table, standing between the pair of them.

 

"What do you want?" Regulus snaps, annoyed that he and James have been interrupted again but still in a surprisingly good mood, so he's not storming off or sulking.

 

"I believe I was promised chicken risotto," Sirius tells him.

 

"Ah, because the little brother can't cook and needs his big brother to cook for him," Regulus says, annoyance forgotten as he laughs again. Sirius huffs sulkily and then just sits fully on James' lap.

 

"I need cheering up; Regulus is being mean," Sirius tells James, who only stares at Regulus reverently and says slightly breathlessly, "Yeah, he does that, isn't he great?"

 

"If you want me to be less mean," Regulus tells him, "you can chop the onions for me."

 

"I can –" Remus says, walking into the room.

 

"You can sit," he orders, pointing at the chair. "You are recovering; Sirius is just useless." Remus raises his hands in surrender before they both turn to watch Sirius leave the room and return with a pair of swimming goggles on his head.

 

"I'm ready to chop the onions", he declares proudly, stepping up to the bench. "James taught me this trick so I won't cry," and Regulus bites his tongue so he won't start another fight before breathing out slowly and turning to Remus.

 

"Can you do me a favour?" he asks, "from one brother-in-law to another?"

 

"Anything," Remus replies with slight surprise, waiting for instructions which Regulus gives mercilessly as he gestures to Sirius and says flatly, "Grow some self-respect and dump him."

 

 

Sirius watches Regulus spend most of the evening laughing, and he feels the tight pressure that's been in his chest for the past week and a half slowly start to loosen. 

 

He knows it won't last and that healing isn't linear, but it's such a change from how he's been recently that it's just nice seeing him genuinely happy.

 

Remus clearly appreciates that there's someone else who can cook, which makes Sirius resolve to learn better so Remus doesn't need to worry about anything after a full moon, and he can tell that James is also much happier, just knowing Regulus is happy.

 

It'd been a bit touch and go at the start of their brotherly bonding, especially when Regulus had panicked, and then he'd guilt-tripped him into coming and forgotten the shopping list, but with the exception of being mistaken for Regulus' younger brother, which he knows he will never live down, it was fun.

 

And then Regulus had sort of shown him how to make risotto, but also sort of hadn't let him do anything, which James assured him was normal, but he still helped in small part, and it's good.

 

It's really good risotto.

 

"Where did you learn to cook this, Reggie?" Sirius asks him. "It's good."

 

Regulus smiles first, tucking the corners of his lips down to hide how pleased he is at the compliment before he speaks.

 

"Well," he says thoughtfully. "When I was horcrux hunting, there was a man I needed information from who owned an Italian restaurant, and he said he'd tell me everything I wanted to know if he could share his love of Italian cuisine with me."

 

"Really?" he asks in astonishment.

 

"No," Regulus cries, looking incredulous. "I read a recipe book last week; how thick are you, Sirius?" He stands up to take his plate to the sink, scoffing, "he thinks I won the war by making fucking risottos" as he goes.

 

"Little prick," Sirius mutters under his breath.

 

"In your defence," James tells him, loyal as ever. "I also believed him," which Regulus apparently chooses to ignore.

 

"See!" Sirius bursts out, looking at Regulus. "Why doesn't James get the mocking, scornful treatment."

 

"He's my boyfriend," Regulus says.

 

"And I'm your brother."

 

"So?"

 

"So I'm your brother."

 

"Are you? Or are you just my little brother?" Regulus asks before laughing to himself again. Sirius scowls, sulks, and pulls the finger at him but lets him laugh at his expense and thinks he won anyway, because, well.

 

Sometimes that's just what big brothers do.

 

 

Regulus has a good two days after that. He only has one nightmare and doesn't need dreamless sleep after it, he and James go outside without Sirius, and even though it's only to the end of the road before he gets too worked up, it's still progress, and he's genuinely, oddly, strangely happy.

 

Naturally, it doesn't last.

 

First, Sirius tries to go out on his own, and Regulus has a fit, alternating between demanding that he goes too and refusing to let him leave, but eventually, he does let him go, demanding that Remus goes with him. He says he'll be back within the hour and returns safely forty-six minutes later, but the stress he'd felt doesn't fully leave.

 

Second, Sirius and Remus talk in hushed tones and glance towards James and Regulus, which gives an ominous feeling of something bad to come.

 

Then, thirdly, Remus nods and goes into his bedroom, closing the door behind him, and Sirius sits on the couch opposite them, looking straight at Regulus.

 

"We need to talk."

 

Regulus freezes, tensing instinctively, and James, who still seems stupidly relaxed, reaches up to rub his back slightly while he stares, utterly terrified at what this could be about. It's a serious talk which means something terrible has happened because Sirius is never serious and –

 

Sirius exhales explosively. "Don't look like that, Reggie, it's nothing bad, just," He exhales again and seems to brace himself. "I've rented an apartment for you both to move into."

 

Regulus freezes as though if he pretends he's not real, Sirius can't send him away. If he stays quiet enough, then he won't get tired of him, even though it seems like the damage is already done –

 

"However," Sirius says, clearly enunciating his words. "You can stay here as long as you like, and you can come and go as you please. This isn't me kicking you out; this is me saying you now have the option to leave if you want to. The apartment is across the hall, on a 6-month lease while everything sorts itself out, but if you never choose to enter it, that's fine too."

 

Regulus is still staring at him, waiting for Sirius to add another sentence, to tell him he's kicking them out or worse, to tell him Regulus has to go, but James can stay. He's still frozen, still not breathing, still panicking because what the fuck is he supposed to say when Sirius clearly wants him to leave –

 

"I think we'll stay here a bit longer and then see what happens," James says easily, as though he's discussing the weather.

 

"Okay", Sirius replies simply before he gets up and goes into the kitchen, assumably to make tea, and Regulus automatically gets up to follow him, squeezing James' hand as he goes. He stands silently in the doorway, waiting to be noticed, which means Sirius turns around and almost drops his mug as he sees Regulus in his peripheral vision.

 

"Christ, fucking announce your presence or something next time, Merlin," he cries, dramatically putting his hand to his chest and Regulus winces.

 

"Sorry," he says automatically. Sirius looks at him and sighs.

 

"I'm not kicking you out, Regulus," already knowing what he was here to ask. "It's an option if you choose it, but my house is an option too."

 

"But you want me to go because you're tired of me and my problems," he argues, the words stinging his lips, and Sirius exhales again.

 

"That's not true. I know you think the whole world sucks, but not everyone is out to get you –"

 

"Name one fucking person –"

 

"Me," Sirius says, his stare resolute. "No matter what happens, no matter what you do, you will always have me."

 

"But –"

 

"No buts, you'll always have me. Even if I yell at you and kick you out, you can always come back, and I'll always let you in."

 

Regulus wilts and sits down at the table, feeling so grateful for his brother that the rest of him only feels worse.

 

"You're such a good brother," he moans, "and I'm such a shit one. You were right to choose James over me, he's so nice, and I'm mean and spiteful, and you helped me during the war and gave me your memories, and I was only ever cruel and then you were still going to die for me –"

 

His voice cracks, and he makes a frustrated sound, teetering on the edge of yet another breakdown, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes, staving off any tears before they appear.

 

A hand squeezes his shoulder, a chair scrapes across the floor, and a fresh cup of tea is placed on the table in front of him. Sirius sits across the table with his own, clearly telling him to drink.

 

"I would go," Regulus tells him. "If you told me to, I'd go. You can tell me to leave, and I will."

 

"I know," Sirius replies simply, "and that's why I'll never say it."

 

They drink their tea in silence, and when they're done, Regulus stands up and takes Sirius' mug silently to wash, but Sirius stays seated, clearly able to tell Regulus wants to say something.

 

Regulus hates him for knowing him this well. Regulus loves him anyways.

 

"Thank you for always letting me be your brother," he says eventually. "And I'm sorry you weren't always mine."

 

Sirius just does his sad huff of laughter, which seems to be his default nowadays, and wraps an arm around Regulus' shoulders as they return to the living room.

 

"I've always been your brother, Reggie; you'll never get rid of me that easily."

 

 

The flat across the hall is almost identical to Sirius and Remus', except the furnishings are arguably worse because he and James had an I pick one thing, you pick one thing rule for decor. While Regulus chose a dark oak theme, James unsurprisingly chose a multicoloured, bright and fun theme, which means there is a brown leather couch, a bright yellow couch, a dark oak bookshelf next to a purple armchair and a dark oak table with sky-blue chairs.

 

The first time they went shopping for their flat was a few days after the conversation with Sirius so they could have a place to have time to themselves during the day, but no matter how long they spent there, they'd always come back to Sirius' to sleep.

 

Unsurprisingly, the first time Regulus sleeps part of the night in his and James' apartment is because of a fight. 

 

With Sirius. 

 

Shocking.

 

He doesn't even remember how it started; he thinks he'd been tired and irritable, and Sirius had been loud and obnoxious, and while sometimes it's fine, other times they just clash. Blow things out of proportion. Start screaming at each other, like now.

 

"Oh, you're just an entitled little shit," Sirius is screaming as they stand a metre apart in the middle of the living room. "You think the whole world revolves around you, but guess what, it doesn't and –"

 

"Oh, I think I'm the centre of the universe?" Regulus shouts incredulously. "Who is the one who had the reputation of being a manwhore at school? Who is the one who had to be popular and has to have all the attention on them or else they'll curl up and sulk –"

 

"I'd rather be known as a manwhore than a fucking Death Eater!"

 

"You absolute bastard."

 

"Yeah, a great comeback from mummy's little puppet –"

 

"I hope I never have to hear from you again," he hisses before shoving him out the way and storming out the front door. "I'm sleeping in my house tonight; I can't stand the fucking sight of you –"

 

"I pay for it."

 

"Fuck your stupid fucking charity," Regulus screams, slamming the door behind him, giving the front door of his and James' flat the same treatment before standing in the middle of his own living room, glaring at the front door and cursing James for picking sides.

 

"Go with him, Prongs," he hears Sirius say, muffled through the walls. "I don't doubt he'll be back; his nightmares are worse when we fight." 

 

Regulus scowls and pulls the finger at the door because he's not going to have a nightmare like a child again just because Sirius says so. Then the door opens, and James slips inside, giving him a reproachful look that he always gives him and Sirius when they have fights like this instead of having a civil conversation about their feelings.

 

"You can go back if you want; I don't mind," Regulus says, lying through his teeth but forcing himself not to lash out at James. "You don't need to be here just because Sirius sent you."

 

"That's not why I came," James tells him simply. "I came because I missed you already," and Regulus' anger drains away rather quickly.

 

"He's a fucking prick sometimes."

 

"And he's my best friend and your brother all the time, which is the most important thing," James replies diplomatically, refusing to fall into Regulus' come hate my brother with my trap, and eventually, they get ready for bed and then go to sleep, Regulus adamantly refusing to have any nightmares.

 

He screams himself awake an hour and a half later and doesn't regain his senses until he finds himself seated on the couch in Sirius' living room, sobbing into his brother's shoulder, previous fight forgotten.

 

"Stay here tonight and get some sleep," Sirius murmurs when he's started to calm down.

 

"Can we –"

 

"Go to the second bedroom with James; we'll leave the doors open," Sirius tells him gently before handing him another vial of dreamless sleep which he takes without protest. 

 

Sirius had been good about it the next morning, refusing to acknowledge their fight or his nightmare, and he's just good about everything. James tends to be happy wherever Regulus is, so it's Regulus who usually decides where they sleep, and Sirius just lets him.

 

He doesn't leave Sirius' flat at all and goes to the spare bedroom. Fine.

 

He and James go back to his flat and then return in the middle of the night. Also fine.

 

Sirius just lets him do what he needs and helps him heal, and progressively, he does.

 

It starts with James going to see his parents alone for longer than an hour, or Sirius going for a walk to buy more cigarettes without Regulus, or Regulus having an afternoon to himself in his flat while Remus visits Lily and James and Sirius have a best friends chaos day.

 

Then it leads to Regulus snapping at Sirius like he used to, being petty and annoying and not saying "yes" to everything he asks.

 

Sirius starts making snarky comments about annoying brothers that don't make Regulus cry.

 

James invites Regulus for a family dinner, and he goes without worrying that they will disown him for what happened to Sirius.

 

Then it leads to nights where they spend more than half the night in their flat before they go to Sirius', then nights where he has to go over and wake his brother, but then he goes back to James, and then nights where he has a nightmare but can calm himself down on his own.

 

The real milestone comes just over three weeks after the final battle when Regulus sleeps through the entire night in his and James' flat without a nightmare, and he wakes up, genuinely disorientated at first, before he realises what happened and smiles, feeling proud of himself. He thinks it's a bit pathetic but has a voice that sounds like James in his head telling him to be proud anyways.

 

Naturally, when James does wake up, he tells Regulus he's proud of him and has every intention of having a discreet celebration when a much larger, much more significant celebration arrives in the form of a silvery doe patronus.

 

Lily.

 

"James, get to St Mungo's; the baby is coming."

 
Notes:

    Okay back with my oddly specific restaurant reccomendations: I have had duck risotto once in my life (but thought duck was a weird thing to buy from sainsburys hence the chicken risotto) but it was UNHOLY and literally the best thing of my life that I think about every day, so if you're ever in Auckland, New Zealand, go to Prego (restaurant name) in Ponsonby (suburb) and get the duck risotto. It is LIFE CHANGING.

    The Black brother bonding but made me so ridiculously happy and it was so wholesome (I love them with my entire heart.)

    And the bit where Sirius lets Regulus laugh at him and doesn't tell him to shut up because "sometimes that's just what big brothers do" made me fucking riot in the best way and I had to go for a walk to burn my energy before I could write some more.

    Also I hate tea (yes I'm half welsh, yes my family is disappointed in me) and so if you ever read my writing and think she knows piss all about making tea, you would be correct- does it still brew if you use a tea bag instead of leaves? Do you still use a teapot if you use a kettle? Who knows, not me:)))

    Also that comment about London having too many people came straight from my soul, it is the most stressful city of my life but it is fun.

    Anyway, hope you enjoyed, one more chapter to go :(((

Chapter 42: Epilogue
Summary:

    The rest of our lives for all eternity

Notes:

    Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii I'm back.

    Sorry it took literally 3 months- life has been interesting and I had a few things come up however my first fic ever is now finished :((((((((

    I have plans to write another one, but it probably won't be out for another month or 2 because I'm still in the US doing a summer camp and I'm not home for a month and I only have 1 day off a week- for all those wondering, the american dream is great except the food is artificial and the cucumber skin is oddly tough.

    Thank you to everyone who has read this, espeically those who left comments and told me their thoughts.

    Lots of love, see you on the next fic x

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Epilogue

 

They name him Harry James Potter, and when James stands next to Lily in the hospital and feels him wrap a hand around his finger, he cries.

 

He has a son. 

 

Harry looks just like him with his ridiculous amount of black hair for a newborn baby, but when he opens his eyes full of childish innocence and reverent trust, the eyes are Lily's green, making the baby a mix of the two of them.

 

"We did it," Lily says breathlessly, staring at Harry as he rests against her chest, and James laughs incredulously and shakes his head in disbelief.

 

"He's perfect."

 

James goes to the waiting room to announce the news to a beaming Mary, a vibrating Sirius, a quietly pleased Remus and a terrified Regulus before they all flock into the room. They're probably making more noise than Lily would like, but she's still smiling ecstatically from the hospital bed, watching the commotion as Mary lifts Harry into the air and Sirius hugs James so tight he wonders if his ribs will snap.

 

Everyone is celebrating and playing with Harry except Regulus, who is still standing in the doorway and staring at Harry like he's waiting for him to explode.

 

James goes over to him, still laughing giddily in the sheer elation of fatherhood, and he gives Regulus a quick kiss before pulling away and staring back at Harry.

 

"Come hold him," he tells Regulus, trying to pull him by the hand but not overly surprised when he resists it. "Stop fighting me; he'll love you. Let me show you."

 

"He's a baby, he's small, I'll probably break him," Regulus hisses, still trying to tug his hand free, but James only holds it tighter.

 

"He'll be safe with you," he replies easily, "I know how you love people." Then he walks over to Mary, lifts Harry out of her arms and holds him towards Regulus, who keeps his arms firmly by his side.

 

"You wrap your arms around him like this," James demonstrates slowly. "One hand here and the other on his head," and then he holds Harry against Regulus' chest who stares at James for a long time before tentatively reaching out, and Harry lets out a weird gurgling noise that sounds almost like a laugh.

 

"He likes me," Regulus breathes out, staring at Harry in awe.

 

"He takes after his dad," James replies smugly before the gentle moment is ruined. Harry starts to cry, and Regulus startles and gets a terrified look in his eye, ignoring James entirely to walk straight to Lily, holding Harry out for her to take.

 

"I told you I'd break him," he says, voice strained, but Lily just laughs as she lies Harry on her chest to feed.

 

"He's just hungry," she replies amusedly, but James watches as Regulus steps back to the doorway, looking wildly uncomfortable, so James takes pity on him and wraps him in a hug, feeling the contrast between how tense Regulus is and how James is still vibrating in excitement.

 

"He's lovely, isn't he?" he asks delightedly, which at least makes Regulus soften a little.

 

"He is," he agrees. "You have a lovely son."

 

"We have a lovely son," James corrects gently. "We're all going to help raise him, so he’ll be all of ours."

 

Regulus still looks hesitant and like he wants to protest, but Sirius sweeps James away, talking at a hundred miles an hour about the first broom he's already bought and how he's getting a sidecar installed in his motorbike and would it be too early to drive him home today on it and James loses himself entirely to the sheer elation of being a father.

 

 

For the first few months of his life, Harry spends most of his time staying with Lily and Mary, purely because Lily needs to feed him every 2-4 hours, and it's easier for him to stay with her than for her to apparate all the time, but even though Harry stays with her, James comes over every day. Regulus or Remus often join him, but never as much as Sirius, who seems to aggravate Lily endlessly in the nicest possible way.

 

"Guess what I've bought today," he'll ask, brandishing a toy broomstick or a ride-on train set or a practice wand that shoots bubbles, water or confetti depending on which button is pressed.

 

"Sirius, he's two months old," or, "Sirius, he can't even hold his head up, let alone hold a wand," or, "You are not cursing my son with a quidditch infatuation like his father, or so help me," is always the response from Lily which makes Sirius scowl and sulk until James gives him a sneaky thumbs up and smuggles away the gift to what will eventually be Harry's bedroom when he starts sleeping on his own.

 

It's a nice routine they have going, and Harry brings an endless source of joy to their world, which had been full of struggles until recently, but while Harry helps things, he's not a cure.

 

Regulus is getting better, everyone tells him, and even he can see it, but he's still not good, which only annoys him the longer it takes to achieve it and how inconsistent his healing is.

 

He has a good three weeks, and it's good enough that he goes back to his old behaviours of getting sick of people, even James, and when James checks that he's okay to be alone if he stays with Lily since Harry is sick and fussy, Regulus honestly tells him that it's fine.

 

But then he goes to sleep, and the nightmares he'd almost grown used to not having creep back in. He's doing better at recognising they're not real and knowing they're just memories from that day 5 months ago, but James isn't here. 

 

And he wants someone.

 

Or at least he doesn't want to be alone.

 

He creeps across the hallway to sleep in the spare bedroom of Sirius' flat and is in the kitchen drinking tea the next morning when Sirius walks in and sees him, jolting in fright.

 

"What are you doing here?" he cries out, dramatically holding a hand against his heart. 

 

"Drinking tea," Regulus replies flatly.

 

"Yes, but what are you doing here?" Sirius replies with more frustration, and Regulus frowns slightly self-consciously.

 

"I slept here."

 

Sirius' entire persona changes instantly, and Regulus hates it. 

 

"Is James at Lily's then?" he asks softly, and Regulus wants to scowl at the tone, but his nightmare is still too fresh to make him anything but appreciative of his brother.

 

"Yes, and no, I don't want to talk about it", he bites out, aware that Sirius will already know what it's about, but he simply sighs and leaves the questioning in favour of finding himself breakfast before he sits down and looks at him again.

 

"Do you want another brother bonding day?"

 

"Why the fuck would I want to bond with you?" Regulus snaps, which makes Sirius roll his eyes and pull the finger at him. They eat in silence until the front door opens, and James comes in anxiously, calling Regulus' name.

 

"I'm in here," he sighs. James comes in and kisses his forehead before helping himself to a glass of milk; then they both watch as Sirius puts his plate down and clears his throat.

 

"So," he begins slowly. "I got a letter from the landlord of your flat who says there are four more weeks left of the lease. If you want to stay or leave, just let me know, and I'll do whatever you need to support your choice."

 

Regulus shares a long look with James and can tell they're in agreement.

 

The nightmares still happen, and the trauma is still present, but despite it all, the world keeps on turning.

 

"Tell them we're leaving," James says and Regulus nods. "We're ready to move on."

 

 

House hunting is exciting for the first two houses, and then it turns into a bickering war, purely because James seems to like everything and Regulus hates everything.

 

"This is cute."

 

"I would rather share a bunk bed with my brother."

 

Or

 

"This has a nice garden."

 

"It's twenty acres; you would lose your son in seconds!"

 

"Maybe."

 

Or

 

"Why do we need seven bedrooms?"

 

"One for us, one for Harry, one for guests and the rest are spare for if we have more kids –"

 

"For if we fucking what?!?" Then Regulus had given James a quick goodbye and gone to panic with Barty for the rest of the day.

 

"It was only hypothetical," James had murmured, slightly sulky and slightly amused when he had finally returned home, but Regulus had only shaken his head.

 

"Fuck your hypotheses, James."

 

Eventually, though, after spending weeks squabbling and arguing and getting more and more tired as the days go on, they come across a five-bedroom townhouse in Richmond, and Regulus doesn't recoil immediately upon entry. James walks straight to the back garden, and it's big enough to cast the right extension charms on to set up a quidditch pitch.

 

He comes back inside to see Regulus with a muggle tape measure of all things measuring kitchen drawers and plotting out who knows what in the second-floor living room, and James smiles because he knows what this means.

 

"You think this could be our new home?" James asks, knowing this is the one.

 

Regulus looks at him, eyes soft and sweet as he replies, "So long as you're there."

 

 

They move into the house in early January, and following Harry's 6-month birthday and his introduction to eating solid foods, a new routine is started where he begins to spend his time more evenly between Lily and Mary's house and James and Regulus' house and while James was initially slightly wary given Regulus has always been anti-children, some days Regulus spends more time with Harry than he does.

 

James has started doing part-time work helping with marking wizarding mid-year exam papers while Regulus is still sorting through his trauma from the war, so while James is in the third-floor living room which has been converted to a library/piano room/home office, Regulus is taking care of Harry. After a few hours, he goes out to take a break and sees Harry, who has just learnt to roll over and can't yet walk, jumping around the living room as Regulus holds both of his hands and hops him everywhere, narrating everything they walk past.

 

"This is the bookshelf," he's telling Harry. "You can find books here that your dad will read to you tonight, and over here is the armchair that you can jump on when you're older, and here is a photo of me and your dad, who is my favourite person in the world except you can't tell him I told you that.”

 

Harry nods solemnly, unable to talk and clearly keeping his secret until James clears his throat and Regulus whips his head around, cheeks flushing in embarrassment.

 

"Hello, favourite person in the world," James calls out sweetly, and Regulus colours even more as he walks to meet him.

 

"That was Harry who said that, not me," he lies, but James only laughs.

 

"You're one of my favourite people in the world, Harry," he says, spinning him around and listening to him laugh before he grabs Regulus's arm and twirls him too. "And you're another," he says, kissing him lightly before taking Harry and doing precisely what Regulus had predicted by sitting on the armchair and reading him a story from the shelf.

 

 

There are sweet moments in parenting, ones like that, but other times it's Harry crying for hours, nothing working to make him stop, and it leaves everyone exhausted and short-tempered.

 

After they've had Harry for three nights in a row while his teeth are coming in and they've slept no more than eight hours in the past 72, they start to bicker, and everything sets them off.

 

"Can you get some of that strawberry puree he likes?" James asks Regulus at 3 in the morning one day after they're yet to have any sleep, and Harry continues to fuss.

 

"Fine, but you're getting it next time," he replies shortly.

 

"I did it the last three times," James mutters, but Regulus overhears and bites his tongue, handing over the puree he's retrieved without a word.

 

"That's the strawberry and apple one; he likes the strawberry and pear one better," James says when he's given it.

 

"You asked for the strawberry one. That's strawberry."

 

"Well, I meant the other strawberry one."

 

"Then you should have said you wanted the other strawberry one," he snaps, and James huffs in annoyance before taking Harry to the kitchen himself to feed him, mumbling under his breath. When he sees Regulus doing the same thing when he returns, he gets even more annoyed.

 

"Is he alright now? Sleeping?" Regulus asks.

 

"No thanks to you," James mutters, and Regulus rolls over, scowling.

 

James mimics it.

 

"What is your problem, James?" he snaps. "You're just getting annoyed about nothing, just go to sleep or try before Harry starts crying again –"

 

"Oh, because it's my fault I didn't settle him right; that's what it'll be –"

 

"That's not what I said!"

 

"But you don't think he'll sleep through the night because clearly I'm doing something wrong –"

 

"I said that because he isn't sleeping through the night, not because of you –"

 

"Fine then, let's sleep."

 

"James, what the fuck?"

 

"I'm sleeping."

 

"Fine then, let's fucking sleep."

 

"Good."

 

"Good."

 

The following day hadn't been any better as Harry had woken up at 5, crying for a feed, and Regulus had settled Harry before coming back to bed and trying to sleep when he heard a bitchy, "No hello for me, that's fine then."

 

Regulus had exploded.

 

"What is your fucking problem, James? I'm tired too! I'm not enjoying waking up every two hours either, but at least I'm not making stupid fucking comments, so just shut up, would you!"

 

"Just say you're a better parent than me and leave it at that," James scowls, and Regulus bites his tongue and rolls over while trying not to yell.

 

When they finally get up just after 8, when Harry won't lie down any longer, they're still making bitchy comments at each other under their breath. Harry can sense that something is wrong and seems to have eyes full of tears that won't fall, and they're all exhausted and all needing a break. When James goes to fix them breakfast, he accidentally drops a bowl on the floor, which shatters, and then he bursts into tears.

 

"Fuck," Regulus hisses, knowing James will be fine for a moment as he apparates to Sirius' flat knocking on the bedroom door and watching him open it with a sleepy, "What?" before he takes in a stressed Regulus and a sobbing Harry and his concern ramps up.

 

"Reggie…?"

 

"Everything is fine; we just need a break. He's crying every two hours and won't settle for long, so you're on babysitting or give him back to his mums, and I'm taking James to the lake house suites for a few days to relax."

 

"Got it, but you have to be back here for Sunday dinner," Sirius replies, both ignoring Remus' quiet but incredulous, "of course you have lake house suites."

 

"We'll see."

 

"Hey!" but Regulus ignores him to apparate back to James, who is still crying on the kitchen floor, surrounded by broken china, which Regulus fixes quickly before he sits down on the floor and pulls James into him, sighing a little when he hears the words coming out of his mouth.

 

"I'm so sorry, Reg," he sobs. "I was being such a bitch, and I don't even know why. I'm just so tired and need a break, but I can't take a break from being a dad. I just need five seconds without hearing him cry, and now you've made him stop crying, but I'm his dad." A pause, then a hasty "Not that you're not his dad, that's not what I'm saying, but we have a paternal bond, so it should be easier for me to calm him down, but I can't even do that, and now he's quiet which I couldn't do –"

 

"He's not here, James. He's with Sirius, that's why it's quiet" Regulus cuts in, and James' monologue cuts off with a startled "oh" as he looks around and seems to regain his bearings.

 

"How long does Sirius –"

 

"Until Sunday –"

 

"But that's four days; my son needs me –"

 

"Yes, and he'll get you," Regulus explains patiently, "but he doesn't need you snapping at everyone and being negative. He'd tell you to take a break too if it's what you needed –"

 

"He can't even talk," James mutters, but Regulus only laughs. "We're going to the lake house, getting away from everything. Sirius has him, and I'm sure he'll take him to Lily's too."

 

"You don't need to do that," James replies instantly, looking guilty at the thought of being a burden. "I just need some space."

 

"There are still stars in space," Regulus replies simply. "I'm here to make sure you don't burn yourself out."

 

"You're so good to me, and anyone who ever said anything else is a liar," James declares, which makes Regulus smile one of his hidden smiles before he takes James' hand in his.

 

"I learnt it from you," he says sweetly and when they apparate to the holiday home, the first thing they do is go straight back to bed and sleep.

 

 

It's late afternoon when they wake up, and the moment James is awake, he's immediately apologetic to the point of irritation, which Regulus lets him do before gently trying to get him to shut up.

 

"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry," he keeps repeating. "I was such a dick, and you were just trying to be nice, and I kept saying how I wanted to raise Harry in a healthy and positive environment, and then I made it negative and –"

 

"James, you snapped at me for a couple of days," Regulus cuts in firmly, slightly amused at his poor logic. "You did everything Harry needed you to; you kept him fed and clean and happy; you having a bad day doesn't make you a bad parent, and neither does needing time for yourself."

 

"But –"

 

"No buts, I'm not wrong, I'm not taking criticism on this," he declares, except James still looks sceptical, and like he wants to protest, so Regulus sighs and takes it on himself to distract him.

 

"So you know how you keep asking me to play the piano for you, and I keep refusing?" he asks, and James' face lights up before suspicion is interwoven in it.

 

"This is you trying to distract me," he says, eyes narrowed, and Regulus shrugs unapologetically. 

 

"Maybe, but don't pretend it won't work." 

 

Then he walks away to the parlour leaving James in bed, clearly conflicted about not wanting to have abandoned Harry but also aware that he did need time to himself, so Regulus leaves him to sort his head out and sits at the edge of the piano, always oddly shy about playing for anyone since he left home but figuring now is the time. 

 

He hasn't played in years.

 

It was always a reprieve from strict lessons and long hours of learning Latin phrases and complex Greek, so he sits and lets his fingers hover across the keys before deciding what he’s going to play.

 

A symphony sounds out, the first one he ever learnt to play, one of Beethoven's classics, before he follows it up with pieces by Fauré, Koechlin and Bach. Then he's composing, playing meaningless melodies together until his fingers are hovering over the keys, trying to decide what to play next and he hears soft clapping from the doorway. He spins around and sees James there watching him, clearly having been there for a while, and he smiles softly as he sees him walk over.

 

"You're good," James says, joining him on the seat. "You're really good. I feel like I always knew you would be, but it's different knowing something and seeing something. The last piece you played was my favourite; was it Mozart?"

 

Regulus feels weightless at the praise. "It wasn't a song; it was just me playing," he admits, staring at the keys, and James nearly falls off the bench in shock.

 

"You wrote that?" he exclaims. "You made that up? Just now? That was all you?" before muttering a breathless, "I'm dating a piano prodigy," which makes Regulus' lips curl upwards despite his will.

 

"Did you ever play the piano? Or any instrument?" he asks, and James looks oddly guilty as he replies, "Well, my parents did try me for the violin and piano, but neither really stuck."

 

"I did both," Regulus admits before making a go on and finish that sentence motion that James grins at.

 

"I did have a good three months of playing the recorder, though," and then he laughs when Regulus stares with the most scandalised expression he's ever seen.

 

"I'm dating a recorder child," he mutters to himself before repeating an aghast, "A recorder child." He stands up, debating divorce, until James rolls his eyes and yanks him back down.

 

"Stop being dramatic, you love me really," he says amusedly before he casts a charm Regulus doesn't recognise on the piano and then looks back at him. "Play something nice."

 

"Like what? And what did you do to the piano?"

 

"Nothing bad, trust me, just play something nice."

 

Regulus naturally does whatever James asks of him and plays again, a new creation of melodies that tie together. When it reaches a natural conclusion, he lifts his fingers off the keys and lets James grabs his hand, pulling him to the centre of the room and looking out the windows at the lake.

 

"Come dance with me," he says.

 

"There's no music," but then James waves his wand again, having cast a looping charm on the piano, and the keys start to play the exact song Regulus had just composed.

 

"Come dance with me," he repeats.

 

Regulus hides his smile as he lets James pull him around, none of the formal waltzes or ballroom dancing from his youth, but just twirling and moving wherever his feet take him, which is always right to James and eventually, they're standing intertwined, swaying as the sun begins to set.

 

"This is nice," James says quietly from within Regulus’ arms. "Thank you for this, for the little holiday, for looking after me," and Regulus gives him a quick kiss on the cheek.

 

"You're welcome; I love you," he says easily.

 

"I love you too," James replies.

 

 

James feels better after having the weekend away, more at peace with himself, and understanding his limits better, especially after Regulus sat him down and lectured him on the importance of looking after himself and how there's no shame in needing a break. He's excited to see everyone, so Regulus apparates them to Sirius' where Remus is serving dinner. Sirius bursts in a flurry of excitement, ignoring Regulus entirely to pull James along, and he laughs because this he can do.

 

He and Sirius; it's always been easy.

 

"I have an announcement to make," Sirius chants, pulling James along and checking to see if Regulus is following them. "Come on, come on, come on", and James lets be drawn into the kitchen where Sirius gestures to the calendar.

 

"Something big is happening on the fifteenth of May, and you both need to be there, so I'm telling you in advance –"

 

"We already have plans that day," Regulus cuts in, looking bored, and Sirius stops his speech to gape at him incredulously.

 

"Doing what?" he asks. "That's almost a year away; can't you reschedule? What plans are they?"

 

"Haven't decided yet," Regulus says, shrugging his shoulders. "Might go for a walk, might do nothing at all." Sirius stares for a bit longer until Regulus smirks and shakes his head slightly, and Sirius exhales explosively.

 

"Don't fucking do that; I've been trying to plan this for months."

 

Regulus sighs and rolls his eyes, gesturing for him to continue, and James glares at him too, briefly, to tell him to shut up and let Sirius speak who stands up and spreads his arms in the most dramatic way possible.

 

"Save the date because Remus and I are getting married!"

 

James is ecstatic, and he's never been to a wedding before or been a best man. Still, he knows how to do his best, so he's already qualified for it all. Sirius is talking with him about everything from flower arrangement and catering, to traditions and pureblood hymns he learnt from family weddings, and how he won't do any of it.

 

All Regulus does is walk over to Remus and mutter, "This is your last chance to run."

 

 

Sirius and Remus get married on a cool spring day where oddly, the sun is shining, and it doesn't rain once.

 

It's a simple settle-up, a relatively small wedding, but there are 80 people who come to celebrate their marriage in an English castle because Sirius refused to get married in a barn and Remus refused to get married in a church. Sirius and James are getting ready in one of the rooms since James is his best man, and Remus chose Lily to be his maid of honour instead of having his own best man, and now they're sorting out his suit in another room.

 

It's the perfect day, everything is perfect, but Sirius is stressed and close to a breakdown that James is resignedly but dutifully helping him through.

 

"This was a prank, wasn't it?" he keeps saying. "Do you think Remus will go through with this?"

 

"He proposed first," James says bewilderedly, shaking his head. "He wanted to marry you before you wanted to marry him."

 

"So he's had more time to change his mind!" Sirius whines emphatically.

 

"He won't."

 

"He will; he's going to leave me at the altar –" 

 

Sirius is cut off from his spiralling as James puts his hands on his shoulders and stares him in the eye. "Stop panicking. You love each other; it'll be fine."

 

"But –"

 

"No buts, it'll be fine. It's your wedding day, so you're not allowed to panic; it's supposed to be happy."

 

Sirius stares at him, feeling reassured but unsure why.

 

"You're oddly good at this," he says suspiciously. "Why are you making me feel better so quickly?" as though they haven't had thirteen years of friendship to prepare them for this, but instead of mentioning any of that, James smiles slightly sheepishly and says, "Well, you're acting a lot like Regulus to be honest."

 

"Oh fuck, I am," Sirius cries, staring at James in horror, "I can't have that." Then he nods once and declares with all the confidence in the world, "I'm going to get married", before striding out of the room, leaving a bewildered James behind him.

 

 

"I bet you 10 galleons Sirius is in there panicking," Lily smirks from where she's sat next to Remus on the couch in their room, waiting for their cue and the wedding to start, and Remus laughs as he plucks the cigarette out of her hand and takes a drag for himself.

 

"No bet."

 

"It's not too late to change the plans, you know," Lily tells him. "You can walk down the aisle if you want; there's no shame in having your mum walk you since your dad isn't coming," but Remus frowns and shakes his head.

 

"It's not shame stopping me," he says honestly, "it's just the attention, everyone watching me, and if I walk first, where would I even look? Do you know who loves attention and dramatics, though? Sirius, so it's all for him."

 

"Do you remember all the times you stayed in my dorm because you and him were fighting?" Lily asks amusedly, laughing as Remus glares at her before pulling another cigarette out of her pocket, which she knows is the easiest way to forgiveness.

 

"I truly did hate him when I first met him," Remus says, trying to save face, but Lily just laughs again.

 

"Look at you now."

 

 

Sirius feels like everything is mildly surreal as he stands outside the room where all of the guests are seated, Monty standing next to him, and he tries to find a way to convince himself to wake up and zone into the moment properly.

 

It's his wedding day. His wedding day. It's his. It's all his. 

 

He thinks that that's where most of the surrealism is coming from, though, the fact that it's his wedding day.

 

Growing up, he'd thought about marriage as a child, but in his vision, he'd always been waiting at the altar. His parents had been there. He'd been in dress robes. He'd had a bride.

 

But that wouldn't have been his wedding; it would've all been his parents.

 

But today is his.

 

And Remus is about to become his too.

 

Monty holds out his arm, Sirius takes it, and then they walk through the doors, and Sirius stares at Remus, who is waiting for him fifteen metres away.

 

He feels weightless, walking towards him. He feels like he's dragging as each step echoes in his brain, the short distance feeling impossibly far. He feels hyperaware, like he can feel every hair on his skin, the pressure of the air, and the air flooding his lungs in slightly rushed, disbelieving pants and the elated hum of his heart. 

 

Everything shuts off as he reaches the altar, he barely feels the way Monty squeezes his shoulder and shakes Remus' hand, and there's a buzzing in his ears until Remus takes his hands in his.

 

Everything stops.

 

And he feels everything.

 

He feels their first meeting on the Hogwarts Express and every laugh and every smile. 

 

He feels every secret, kiss and fight.

 

Above everything, he feels the love between them; Eternal. Undying. Timeless.

 

 

"You may return the vows", the preacher tells Remus, and he feels his heart flutter again in that special brand of Sirius as he stares at the man standing in front of him.

 

He glances towards the front row, where he sees his mother and an empty chair.

 

Then he looks back at Sirius and finds he can't quite find it in himself to care about anything else when he's standing at the altar and the love of his life is about to walk towards him. 

 

Is walking towards him.

 

Is here.

 

After the vows, the preacher says, "Speak now or forever hold your peace," but Sirius doesn't give anyone time to object as he leans forward and kisses Remus deeply, pulling the finger at any possible objectors.

 

Everybody cheers, and the preacher, in a mixture of scandalisation and bewilderment, declares them married.

 

 

Regulus and Sirius fight, as all brothers do, but they have their bonding days too which turns into a routine; it starts a few months after he and James move into their new house when Sirius shows up in their flat and drags Regulus back through the floo with him before he can even say goodbye to James.

 

"What the fuck is wrong with you, Sirius?" Regulus all but shouts, choking and stumbling out of the fireplace, and Sirius smiles innocently before his face turns to an almost nervous expression, and Regulus narrows his eyes.

 

"You want something."

 

"I just brought you here to hang out with me, brother of mine."

 

"Sirius, literally what do you want?" he snaps, and Sirius sighs and fixes his pleading eyes on Regulus, which he absolutely learnt from James.

 

"So don't laugh –"

 

"Ha ha."

 

"I'll send you back if you keep being a shit."

 

"You say that like it's not exactly where I want to be," and Regulus turns around, done with everything, until Sirius grabs his arm back from the edge of the fireplace and says, "I need you to teach me how to cook."

 

Regulus stares at him for a long moment before he speaks.

 

"You want me to teach you how to cook?" he repeats.

 

"Yes."

 

"You, the person who has refused all my efforts to teach you to cook and deliberately annoys me anytime I force you to learn so that I kick you out of the kitchen two minutes later?"

 

"Yes, Regulus!" Sirius cries. "Yes, me who refused all your efforts to teach me to cook until I realised how useful it would be on my own and also maybe because Remus and I have our anniversary soon and I want to make him something nice but when I tried on my own I realised it's actually a lot harder than I thought it would be so I need your help."

 

Sirius stares at him pleadingly, begging for his help, but instead of being smug or resentful, Regulus  feels slightly lost and disjointed as he realises that there's something Sirius doesn't know how to do.

 

It's just cooking, it's not even hard, but Regulus has spent his whole life with the utter conviction that Sirius could do anything for no other reason than the fact that he's his big brother, and now that he's found out there's something he can't do, something he already knew, but now Sirius has admitted, he feels a bit like the ground has slipped out from under him.

 

It's his big brother; he was supposed to be the one to show him things like this. If Regulus can do something, it should be because Sirius showed him how; he's the little brother, this is how it was always supposed to be.

 

But times change. And they're not kids anymore.

 

Maybe this fear is just called growing up.

 

"Yeah, Sirius," he says eventually, swallowing back the lump in his throat. "I'll teach you how to cook."

 

 

Despite the pure disorientation that his initial request had brought, it's fun to teach him since Sirius genuinely wants to learn until Regulus goes to begin with the most basic concepts and realises Sirius doesn't even know that.

 

"What do you want to cook?" Regulus asks, “what’s Remus’ favourite meal?” and Sirius goes to reply until his face morphs into horror, and he stares at Regulus with wide eyes.

 

"I don't even know. Fuck, Regulus, I'm married to the man of my dreams, and I don't even know what his favourite dinner is." 

 

He's about to go into a genuine mental breakdown which Regulus in no way wants to witness, so he utters a simple "I'll find out for you, so come back tomorrow," before disapparating to do precisely that.

 

Sirius comes to his house the next day, staring hopefully at Regulus, and he grins when he sees ingredients lined up on the bench.

 

"You found it out then?" he asks excitedly. "And he's not going to suspect anything? You were subtle?"

 

"My exact words were hypothetically speaking, what's your favourite meal if Sirius were to cook you an anniversary dinner that he'd surprise you with? And he said shepherd's pie, and I said bye and didn't stay long enough to hear his answer," Regulus replies flatly, looking bored. 

 

Sirius stares at him in betrayal, his mouth opening and closing with no noise coming out until Regulus' lips curl up, and he shakes his head slightly, and Sirius releases an explosive breath.

 

"Stop doing that," he hisses in annoyance, "I believe you every time."

 

"That's why I keep doing it," Regulus says sweetly before he laughs slightly. "I was kidding when I told you marshmallows come from the clouds last week as well -" before he sputters in disbelief as Sirius rips off a few leaves of the iceberg lettuce and throws it at his head.

                

"Sirius, what the fuck?"

 

"I spent hours on my broom trying to find them, you absolute dick –"

 

"I'll leave –"

 

"No, I take it back. I need you; this is important to me" Sirius rushes out in apology, and Regulus scowls even though he's still laughing as he turns back to the kitchen.

 

"So we'll start by making the mince, so first you need to dice the onion –"

 

"Like the dice when we play Monopoly?" 

 

Regulus is about to deliver another scathing comment when he sees the genuine sincerity in Sirius' face, the way he's trying, and he swallows back the words as he grabs a smaller onion to add to the mix and pulls out his own knife.

 

"Dicing an onion just means you cut it in small squares, like the shape of the dice, so if you copy me and go like this –" 

 

 

Shortly after Harry's first birthday, when the exam marking work has finished, James decides it's time to start full-time work again. When he announces this to Regulus, he's supportive but says nothing about himself going to work yet, which doesn't surprise James in the slightest; he's better than he was immediately after the war, no one can deny that, but the way the bed is empty sometimes when he wakes up, and he finds him in Sirius' flat with coffee in his hand and quiet murmurs that stop when he walks in, he knows the trauma hasn't gone away.

 

So, Regulus stays at home, picks Harry up from preschool, and takes him to the playground when it's their turn to have him or Lily and Mary need a break, and James works.

 

Everyone expects him to become an auror, and he thinks that's what he's going to do as well until he announces his intent to Regulus one day, expecting his full support, but all Regulus replies is a simple "no, you're not", and then goes back to the book he's reading.

 

James is understandably affronted.

 

"Excuse me?" he asks incredulously. "I tell you I've decided what job I want, and you say no? Regulus, what the fuck?"

 

"You said it, James, not me", Regulus replies, eyes still focused on the page. "Being an auror to you would be a job and a responsibility, not something you actually want to do. It will be rewarding, but your life shouldn’t just be a duty to exist."

 

James' eyes narrow, but he doesn't argue, and a couple of weeks later, he comes to Regulus with a piece of parchment entitled "Your application to the Ministry of magic social worker programme has been accepted."

 

James starts studying three weeks later, and within the first hour, he knows this is exactly where he wants to be. 

 

On his third day, he walks past the auror training programme, where everyone is studying from four different textbooks at once and skips his lunch break to send a letter to Regulus saying, "You were right; I love you."

 

He receives a simple drawing in response which was the smuggest smiley face James has ever seen.

 

He graduates two years later, throws himself into the work, and loves every second.

 

He helps people, and it's not like being an auror where he's constantly surrounded by violence, because he does the opposite and takes children out of it, shows them how life can be, and the first time a child sends him a hand-drawn card thanking him for his help, he cries and then hangs it up on the blank wall in his office.

 

After years, the wall is full, so he takes down calendars and diplomas and lets the letters cover another wall, then another, then another, until the entire room is full.

 

There's some for Regulus, too, when there are too many kids and James needs his help, or from when Regulus comes in anyways and does things for James that he doesn't even realise he needs doing.

 

When James gets a thank you card from a child he's helped, he hangs it on the wall of his office and tells everyone he knows.

 

Regulus only ever wants to show his to Sirius.

 

His work gives his life meaning, and even though it's not like he didn't have meaning before, it's a new type of meaning in a different sort of way.

 

Being an auror stops those from bringing more violence into the world. Being a social worker pulls children out of it.

 

He has children come back to visit him years after he turned their lives around, and he has children come back to work for him after his company paid their school fees. They decided they wanted to give back just like James, and by the time he’s thirty-five, he is the head of the Department of Social Work at the ministry.

 

He has hard days sometimes. Some days he comes back crying at the thought of the things he's seen or the injustices some children face or the knowledge that for every child he can save, there are countless more he can't, but he can't imagine doing any other work.

 

He offered a place to Regulus early on while he sorted out what he was going to do himself, but Regulus only grimaced slightly and shook his head.

 

"I'll help out when you need me, James, but that job would just be a lifetime of flashbacks."

 

James had understandably ached at that response, then said, "What if you become an author? You like writing; the world would love to see it."

 

"I show you my writing plenty."

 

"Regulus!" James groans even though he's smiling. "I mean it. You should publish it, everyone would love it."

 

Regulus just grimaces again. "It'd have to be a worldly event for everyone to see."

 

James had left the conversation there, and a couple of months later, he had come home at lunchtime to an oddly empty house. Regulus had returned later looking panicked before admitting he's had a part-time job at a bookstore for three weeks and was waiting until he'd completed his four-week trial period before he told James just in case he got fired.

 

James had rolled his eyes exasperatedly, kissed him fondly, and then they'd sat down and worked out their schedule for work and having Harry.

 

Regulus ends up spending three days a week at the bookstore and the other half of his time translating for foreign children that end up in James' care or for Evan and Barty wherever they end up in the world, and while it's not the life his mother would have ever imagined for him, it's the life he's made for himself, and he's happy.

 

He's finally happy.

 

"Are you happy?" he asks James one evening as they're sitting in front of the fire, and James turns to him, slightly surprised at the question. 

 

"Of course I am," he says in bewilderment, and Regulus sinks further into his arms.

 

"Tell me about your dream life anyways," he tells him, and James smiles softly before he begins to speak.

 

"In my dream life, I have a job where I make a difference in people's lives, and people trust me to help them. I have a house with a quidditch pitch, I have Sirius as my best friend, and everyone I love is happy and healthy. I have a son named Harry, and I'm loved by you –"

 

Regulus, who had been looking fond up until that point, has his face fall, and he looks at James flatly. "You're just describing this life, James; I told you to tell me about your dream life."

 

"They're one and the same," James replies honestly. "I live out my dreams with you every day, Reg; there's nothing more I want."

 

"I'm sure there's something," Regulus replies sceptically even though he looks pleased, and James hesitates for a moment, and knows Regulus catches it.

 

"So maybe there's one thing…"

 

"Ask me for it," Regulus demands. "You know I'd do it; whatever you ask for, I'd do it."

 

James just shakes his head and smiles innocently.

 

"I'll ask you one day."

 

 

Sirius isn't expecting anyone over when the floo chimes. Remus is out, Lily and Mary have Harry, and Regulus almost always knocks and comes through the front door, which means –

 

"Prongs!" he calls out, turning to see James stumbling out of the fireplace, and he instinctively wraps him in a hug but frowns when he feels how tense he is.

 

"Prongs?" he repeats concernedly, his facial expression clearly asking what's wrong, and James grimaces and then stares at Sirius, looking like a deer in the headlights.

 

"You did mean to come here, right?" Sirius asks slowly when James still hasn't said anything and is only staring at Sirius until he jolts out of his weird haze and then gestures to the couch.

 

"Let's sit down for this," James says, and it's then that Sirius realises he doesn't seem worked up about something and is here for comfort, but rather he looks nervous, like he's scared of Sirius' reaction to whatever he's about to say.

 

"What have you done?" he asks warningly, coming over to the couch despite his wariness.

 

"Nothing, nothing," James says quickly.

 

"Then what are you going to do?" he frowns, but when James continues to stall, Sirius knows that only one thing could cause this reaction.

 

"This is about my brother, isn't it?" he sighs, and James nods reluctantly but still doesn't speak, so Sirius merely raises an eyebrow and waits him out.

 

"I have a question for you about Regulus," James says eventually, and if it were anyone else, Sirius would have sighed and rolled his eyes at the vague questioning, but since it's James, he gets a free pass.

 

"And what might that question be?" but as James continues to hesitate, Sirius feels an uncomfortable realisation start to trickle down his spine.

 

"Do not tell me you're about to break up with him because I will kill you, our friendship be damned," he says sharply, and this gets through to James quite nicely. 

 

"No!" he cries out, looking genuinely horrified at the prospect. "No, no, it's not that; I love him, just this morning we –"

 

"Okay, point received," Sirius cuts in hurriedly, supportive of their relationship but not needing to hear every single detail. "What do you want then? I'm sure it can't be that bad –"

 

"It's not bad."

 

"Then just say it, and if it comes out badly, we'll talk it out until everything is good."

 

James looks mildly reassured but still anxious, and Sirius is becoming borderline impatient at the unnecessary suspense until he finally speaks.

 

"So, you know how you're Regulus' older brother –"

 

"Oh, I had no idea."

 

"- And how you're kind of the only family he has left –"

 

"Excluding Andy, I suppose, but yeah –"

 

"- And I'm a pureblood, and he especially is, so there are certain traditions to follow –"

 

"James, literally, what the fuck do you want?" Sirius cuts in exasperatedly, not at all in the mood to go through pureblood customs and politics that James is talking in circles about, so James looks him in the eye and finally, finally asks his question.

 

"I want to ask you for permission to marry your brother."

 

 

James plans for weeks, and can tell Regulus knows something is going on, and while he can keep what he's planning a secret, he can't hide the fact that he is hiding something, especially one like this that has him perpetually grinning at all times. He told himself he could hide it for at least two weeks before Regulus started asking questions, but unsurprisingly, he notices on the first day.

 

When Regulus gets home, James, instead of giving him a normal peck on the side of the cheek or a quick, chaste kiss, he puts his arms around Regulus' neck and is thoroughly kissing him before he's even got his bearings. He can feel the way he freezes slightly in surprise before he smiles into it and kisses back, wrapping his arms around James' waist, and when he finally pulls away, he looks pleased but slightly confused.

 

"Not that I'm complaining, but what was that for?" he asks, forcing James to look away from his swollen lips and flushed cheeks.

 

James grins before he can stop himself, elation visible through every cell in his body as he smiles innocently and says, "Do I need a reason to love you?"

 

Regulus had smiled at that, clearly satisfied and letting it go, but when it kept happening, he grew suspicious.

 

"You're happy," he says a few days later, looking closely at James for answers on his face, but James just grins again.

 

"Let me love you in peace."

 

Regulus narrows his eyes.

 

After three and a half weeks of this behaviour, Regulus stages an intervention. He comes home from work, and when James goes to greet him, he grabs his head in his hands, stopping it from coming any closer and gives him a quick kiss before pushing his head away, leaving James feeling oddly betrayed.

 

"Do you not want to…?" he asks slowly, trying to decipher whatever conflicting emotions are on Regulus' face, and Regulus exhales explosively before he looks at James, his face carefully blank.

 

"What are you doing?" he asks firmly, "why are you being like this?" 

 

"Being like what?" James asks, batting his eyelashes, but Regulus only looks frustrated for some reason that James still can't figure it out.

 

"You're… sunny," he says eventually, and again, James really doesn't know how to respond.

 

"Err, sorry? Or thank you?" which at least makes Regulus' lips twitch slightly.

 

"It was a compliment," he admits, but this only leaves James feeling more lost.

 

"So, what's the problem then?"

 

"You just seem so happy."

 

"And… that's a problem?"

 

"No! No, it's good, it's just…" He trails off slightly before seeming to resolve himself for something, and James knows he's going to hate whatever Regulus says, something from his past that's been stirred up again. "I know I'm not always the most cheerful or optimistic person," he says, clearly reluctant to be talking at all, “but if something good has happened, I want you to be able to share it with me because I love you, and I want to know everything about you and –"

 

"Hey, Reg, it's not like that, I promise," James interrupts, rushing to reassure him, unaware that any of that had been going through his head. "I have a surprise for you, and I'm excited about it, that's all. It's something good, I promise; you just have to wait."

 

"What's special about waiting? Why can't it happen today?" he asks, his suspicion back in full force, and James sighs with the most exasperated fondness possible.

 

"I'm planning something."

 

"Reschedule it then."

 

"I can't."

 

" I'm quite sure you could."

 

"You're annoying sometimes."

 

"I'm aware."

 

"I love you anyways."

 

A sigh. Then a softer, "I'm also aware."

 

"Do you trust me?"

 

"No."

 

"Reg!"

 

"Yes."

 

"So you'll wait?"

 

Another sigh.

 

"Just for you, James, I'll wait."

 

 

Regulus is full with a sense of resignation at whatever James has been trying to keep a secret from him, but he's also intrigued despite himself. He's up early on Friday, a couple of weeks after their chat when he hears footsteps coming down the stairs, and James glimpses him in the corner of his eye and visibly startles, jumping in fright.

 

"What are you doing here? You have work," he blurts out, looking mildly panicked, even as he dutifully comes over to kiss him hello, and Regulus frowns, staring at him closely.

 

"It's a public holiday today; it's Merlin's birthday. Are you alright?"

 

James stares at him for five seconds before replying, "Yeah, sure, fine, let me send a letter quickly," and then scurrying out of the room.

 

Regulus frowns more at the odd behaviour but lets it go again until the floo chimes, and be scowls at whoever is trying to disturb his and James' day of peace, and scowls even harder when he sees that it’s his brother.

 

"Fuck off, Sirius."

 

"No, I want another brother bonding day."

 

"I'm busy today."

 

"Yeah, with me."

 

"No, with James," because he has an extra day off, and Harry has gone off with Lily and Mary to stay with Mary's parents for the long weekend, so he doesn't want his extra day of James and James alone to be interrupted by anyone, let alone his brother.

 

"Please, please, please," Sirius is begging. "This is important, Remus has to work, and I'm bored and lonely and –"

 

"I quite literally couldn't care less."

 

"I won't stop begging until you come, James has work to do from home, but you don't, so please, please, please, please, please –"

 

Regulus glares at him to shut him up and then looks at James in question, even though he already knows what he's going today.

 

"I don't mind if you go," James says easily. "Just be back for dinner?"

 

"I'll be back to finish my breakfast if things go my way," he mutters under his breath, even as he lets Sirius drag him through the floo and, unfortunately, away from James.

 

"What do you want to make today," Regulus sighs. "I can tell you want something, so what is it this week?"

 

"I actually did just want to hang with you while Remus is out," Sirius replies, raising an eyebrow, and Regulus raises a sceptical eyebrow but doesn't press it.

 

Regulus watches Sirius make lunch for them, which ends up being cheese toasties, and it's a little wonky and a little burnt in parts, but nothing is on fire, so he feels oddly proud that his teaching skills have paid off. Then they watch some trashy daytime TV show that Regulus swears he's not interested in but protests every time Sirius tries to turn it off, and when the sun begins to set, Regulus remembers his promise to James to be home for dinner.

 

"I'm going now," he announces, not bothering with goodbyes or thank you's.

 

"Back to James?" 

 

"Yes…? I do live with him."

 

Sirius only rolls his eyes before saying, "Have a nice evening," which is something he's literally never said before, and it has Regulus immediately suspicious.

 

"What do you know that I don't?" he asks sharply, but Sirius just gives him a shit-eating grin, making Regulus immediately regret asking the question.

 

"Lots of things actually," he begins, clearly about to embark on a long rant about something Regulus doesn't care about, so as Sirius begins explaining the story of the time Regulus was seven and asked where babies come from, Regulus disapparates mid-sentence leaving Sirius in his flat.

 

He's expecting to find James still working or flying loops around the garden, but instead, he's swinging the front door open like he's been waiting for Regulus, and the fact that he probably has been there sitting and waiting makes Regulus want to do something stupid like scream into his pillow.

 

Instead, he tries to casually walk inside and make dinner or read a book, but James catches him by the waist and spins him around, effectively trapping him by the door and leaving him unable to go down the hallway.

 

"James," he says sharply, suspicion growing larger.

 

"Regulus," James replies, smiling sweetly. "We're going out."

 

"Where?"

 

"You'll find out."

 

"You mean you're keeping it a secret because if you tell me now, I won't go?" he clarifies, and James does his stupid pretty smile on his stupid pretty face and tries to look innocent.

 

"I guess you'll never know if you never come with me," he sings, walking around Regulus, before looking behind him and calling, "Are you coming or not?"

 

Regulus, weak as always, follows him out the door and lets James apparate him blindly, which turns out to be a regrettable idea as they land in the middle of Piccadilly Circus on a Friday evening, one of the busiest places in London, and Regulus can't think why James would have brought him here when he knows Regulus still struggles with large groups of people. He's about to snap or cry or go home; he hasn't decided which one yet until he feels James drag him through a ward. He looks around properly to see that no one is noticing them or coming within a five-metre radius, so it's like they have their own private bubble, which makes Regulus much more receptive to anything James wants.

 

"This isn't what I was expecting," he admits, unsure of what James wants or what they're doing, but stupidly touched that James brought him here and took precautions to make sure he was comfortable, whatever the reasoning behind it.

 

"Piccadilly Circus," James recites as though reading from a textbook. "Busiest spot in London. There are approximately five thousand people around us, and an expected sixty thousand expected to pass through the square tonight."

 

"I don't like people," is all Regulus replies, and James lets out a burst of laughter before he adds a softer, "You like me, though."

 

"Yes, James, I do like you," Regulus replies amusedly, before adding a slightly unsure, "That doesn't explain why we're behind wards or why we're here at all to be honest, not that I'm not happy to be here with you."

 

James smiles again, nods once and then looks at Regulus.

 

"I just want you to know that I love you," he says. "I want you to know that I look at you like you put the stars in the sky, and sometimes I lie in bed or sit at my desk or stand in the middle of Piccadilly Circus and try not to combust with the joy of knowing I exist at the same time as you. I not only got to meet you, but I got to love you and have the honour of being loved by you in return, and I think I could run forever with the feeling that mere thought brings me. You call me the sun and say I shine brighter than the rest, but there's a reason people go stargazing instead of sungazing."

 

Regulus feels like he could fly at this point and thinks he should say something in return, but James keeps talking and doesn't give him a chance.

 

"It's like your name foretold our fate because I've had stars in my eyes since the day we met. I knew you were worthy of a public love declaration, but knew you'd hate to receive one, so I compromised because that's what you do for the people you love and want to spend the rest of your life with."

 

"James," Regulus gasps, the one word punching out of him in breathless, elated shock as he stands in the middle of Piccadilly Circus and watches James pull a silver ring out of his pocket and gets down on one knee.

 

"Regulus Arcturus Black, will you do me the utmost honour of marrying me?"

 

 

Regulus nods frantically, words having failed him, and when James stands up, presumably to put the ring on, he doesn't give him a chance as he leans forward and kisses him deeply, quite certain he would have responded like this even if the wards weren't in place and James tastes of laughter and happiness and so much love Regulus doesn't know what to do with himself.

 

"Just to make sure," James gasps eventually, pulling away and unsurprisingly crying. "That was a yes, right? Because you didn't actually say the word." 

 

Regulus laughs and feels he could do it forever.

 

"Yes, James, that was a yes. I'm saying yes."

 

He holds his left hand out, James slides the ring on it, and they're officially engaged.

 

They apparate back home after that, and Regulus has every intention to drag James to bed and not let him go for a very long time, but James has outdone himself again as Regulus tries to pull him past the kitchen but is stopped short by the sight of their small table set for two with candles floating above dishes of salmon, potatoes and salad on the table.

 

"Has Lily been by?" he asks absentmindedly as he walks towards the table. "It looks lovely. I – is that miso salmon? Oh my fucking god, I love you, James. I'll thank her in the morning."

 

"I made it, actually," James interrupts, making Regulus snap his head around in confusion.

 

"But you can't cook; you tell me that daily," he replies in complete bewilderment, and James smiles, looking proud as he says, "So you know how you go to Sirius' every Sunday and help him learn to cook for Remus?"

 

"Yes…"

 

"And you know how Sirius and I hang out every Tuesday when Harry is at school, and you're at work…?"

 

"You didn't," he says disbelievingly.

 

"We did, actually," James admits, finally confessing his secret. "For the past few weeks, he's been teaching me how to cook everything you showed him to make. The day he asked you to help him make roast chicken was when he showed me how to roast potatoes. Then the day you showed him how to sear steak was when we tried to apply the concept to salmon, but it took a few tries until Remus showed us this muggle invention called an egg timer because we always let it burn. Then for the miso sauce, we had to practice on our own, so if it tastes slightly burnt, it's because I can never quite chop the onion fast enough, so the garlic always burns a little. Then salad is salad which I thought no one could fuck up, but have you ever cut the fennel into large chunks instead of thin slices, because let me tell you, that was one fucked up salad. Sirius said this was your favourite meal, and then he also said you also like profiteroles, but I can't even spell choux pastry, let alone make it, so no dessert. Sorry. Do you want dessert because I'll go out –"

 

"It's perfect, you're perfect, I love you," Regulus says breathlessly, cutting him off and wrapping his arms tight around James again.

 

They sit down to eat, and the sauce has a subtle charred taste, and the pear in the salad has been julienned instead of chiffonaded, and it's nothing compared to the private chefs who made this dish during childhood, but it's infinitely better because it's James who made it, and it’s James who learnt how to make it, and James who did all of it for Regulus.

 

"I love you," Regulus repeats, "I still can't believe you did all this for me." 

 

James beams at him again.

 

"It's like planning a prank, except there's nothing funny or joking about this," he explains. "It's all just a show of the depth and sincerity of my love for you."

 

"You are incredible," Regulus breathes reverently.

 

"Immean, Sirius helped –"

 

"He is not included in the sentiment," Regulus snaps, but James only laughs, and Regulus watches him until another thought occurs to him.

 

"What if I'd said no?" he asks. "Would we still have had dinner?”

 

"Of course," James replies, sounding offended. "You still deserve to eat, and I made the meal to share with you regardless of your answer today," before adding a more sheepish "I just may have been sobbing the entire time I ate it if you’d said no," which makes Regulus let out an inelegant snort of laughter before he looks down at the ring sitting on his finger.

 

"But I didn't," Regulus says, smiling softly.

 

"But you didn't because now you're my fiancé."

 

When they've finished the meal, Regulus plans to take James to bed and not let him leave but James ducks into the study quickly.

 

"I'm just sending a message to Sirius so he doesn't come over and demand answers himself," and Regulus nods at the sensible thought and watches as James quietly closes the door and cast expecto patronum before a high-pitched shriek of, "he said yes, we're engaged, I have a fiancé!" rings through the house.

 

When James returns, he looks unashamed in the face of Regulus’ judgement.

 

Then they run down the hallway, full from the dinner made with love, eaten in the home built on love, and when they get to bed, Regulus lets James love him some more.

 

 

They get married a year later in Spring, and the months leading up to the wedding are filled with not only love and excitement but also an extreme amount of bickering, and it starts with the venue.

 

"It's traditional to get married on the grounds of the family estate, and as I am no longer welcome on a Black property, it means we must marry on a Potter one," Regulus is saying.

 

"We don't have a grand estate since the Death Eater attack,” James argues back. “There's only the townhouse my parents live in, which isn't big enough for a wedding."

 

"Extension charms."

 

"No!"

 

"Tradition is important, James."

 

"We're both men, Regulus! Our wedding is already breaking traditions just by existing –"

 

"So we need to compensate –"

 

"Well, I am getting married if not in a grand meadow with outdoor seating and a marquee, then anywhere but my parent's garden, and if you have a problem with that, then you can leave me at the altar," James says firmly.

 

Regulus left after that, presumably to sulk to Sirius, but when he'd returned hours later and joined James in bed, he'd leaned over to kiss his cheek and whispered, "I'd never leave you at the altar; we can have your meadow wedding," and then the wedding venue had been sorted.

 

Then there was the cake issue.

 

"It's traditional to have the top layer of a wedding cake to be fruit cake," Regulus keeps trying to explain to James as they go round and round in circles.

 

"But I don't even like fruit cake."

 

"Neither, but that's beside the point."

 

"So what? We just keep it as a pet?"

 

"Well…"

 

"Oh my god, you're going to say yes."

 

"And if I am? Fruit cake isn't bad; it's just –"

 

"Inedible, unlike literally any other flavour of cake?"

 

"We're having a three-tier wedding cake; the top layer is fruit cake, and you can choose the other two layers," Regulus bargains.

 

"We're having a three-tier wedding cake, the top layer is fruit cake, and I choose the biggest layer flavour, but you still get the middle layer for your favourite since you also chose the top layer."

 

"Deal."

 

"Deal."

 

And then the cake was sorted.

 

Then there was the issue of the best man.

 

"So, who's your best man?" James had asked him one night. "Mine is Sirius so –"

 

"No, mine is Sirius," Regulus had interrupted, looking scandalised. "He's my brother."

 

"He's my best friend."

 

"So?"

 

"So he's my best friend, which makes him my best man."

 

"And what if I say he's my best brother? Does that make him my best man?"

 

"That's not even a thing!"

 

"How would you know? You don't have any brothers," Regulus counters, and James' mouth opens and closes, but he says nothing; backed into a corner but unwilling to compromise.

 

But Regulus won the cake flavour argument, so he supposes maybe he can.

 

"Sirius is walking me down the aisle; I'm not compromising on that, but," he says firmly, halting James' protests. "He can be your best man if I can have Barty as mine."

 

"You can't have your ex as your best man!" James cries incredulously, looking torn between accepting the best man deal so he gets Sirius and refusing it on principle because it involves Barty.

 

"Try to stop me," Regulus scoffs.

 

"What if I chose Lily to be my maid of honour," he counters. Regulus grimaces before swallowing his retort and politely saying, "I would respect your decision because I am mature and don't hold petty grudges against your exes."

 

"Liar," James snorts.

 

"Bitch."

 

"Lover."

 

"Fiancé."

 

James' face lights up as he hears Regulus say it, entirely derailing his argument.

 

"Fine, I accept your deal."

 

There was also the issue of the flowers (James wanted red, gold, green and silver bouquets for house pride, Regulus wanted white and purple as a symbol of love and prosperity). And the issue with the guests (James couldn't believe Regulus only had four people he wanted to invite and kept telling him he could invite whoever he liked until Regulus snapped and said all his other friends were dead or wanted him dead. Then James had gone very quiet and indirectly caused Regulus to have a nightmare that night and apologised for so long the following day that Regulus had had to cast a silencing charm on him). And the issue with the music choice at the afterparty (this wasn't James and Regulus bickering, but rather Regulus screaming at Sirius to back out of their wedding and to let them choose what they want and that Bowie is shit anyways, which had led to Sirius ignoring Regulus for a solid week and a half while he tried to get over "the rudest and most insensitive comment the world has ever seen.”)

 

But eventually, the fights get resolved, the plans get finalised, and eventually, the day arrives.

 

It's a cool day as British autumn always is, and the set-up isn't what either would call perfect, but it's almost better that way. 

 

The gold, purple and white bouquets of flowers show one compromise and the way Sirius seems to be in four places at once as he makes sure James is ready to marry Regulus as his best man and that Regulus is ready to marry James as his older brother is another. The way Barty drags Evan into Regulus' room in the farmhouse to tease him is another compromise, and each one is just another tangible representation of their love.

 

James walks down the aisle first. They'd told everyone that was the order they'd picked out of a hat, but Regulus had privately confided to James that he didn't know if he'd be able to walk down the aisle if no one was waiting for him.

 

James hadn't had a problem and had simply said, "I'd wait for eternity if that's what it took to keep you."

 

So James walks down the aisle with Monty, and then they both turn around and wait for Regulus before he officially gives him away. When the piano starts to play, Regulus appears in his dark green dress robes, smiling up at James while Sirius cries silently next to him. He can see how Regulus elbows him sharply in the side, clearly telling him to stop being dramatic and taking the focus off him and James.

 

And then he watches Regulus walk towards him, getting closer.

 

And closer.

 

And closer.

 

Then they're both at the altar, and James' feels his father squeeze his shoulder and sees Sirius do the same to Regulus before Monty and Sirius shake hands, and Monty sits down while Sirius moves to James' side.

 

James takes each of Regulus' hands as the preacher begins to speak, starting on the formalities before it's time to do the vows. James kind of said his vows without knowing it when he proposed to Regulus, but he repeats them again, tells him all the ways he loves him, and Regulus smiles up at him. It's a full-blown smile, not the small soft ones he usually gives him, but this is a rare Regulus with his emotions on full display, and it shows nothing more than the eternal happiness James has just promised to give to him.

 

Then it's Regulus' turn to give his vows, and when he speaks, the whole world shrinks down until it's just the two of them left.

 

"I bet you were expecting another poem, but this isn't that because poems are just words. Instead, I want to take this moment to vow to live my life as a love letter dedicated to you. I vow to find happiness with you in the most mundane tasks as we write the grocery list together, even though I always cook, and to always come and do the weeding with you even though you do all the work while I lie in the shade and tell you you're doing great.

 

For as long as I exist, you will always be loved, and long after we're gone, our love will remain in the constellations as people tell fables of the sun and the stars and hope that the light we leave behind us will one day guide them home.

 

James, I hope you know these vows to be true to everything in me and I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you."

 

Then the preacher declares them to be husbands and begins the new chapter of James and Regulus Potter.

 

 

A week after the wedding, James is reading the newspaper like he always does when an anonymous announcement catches his eye.

 

It's six lines, simple black and white font, but James would know Regulus' love anywhere, and he reads it over and over until it's seared into his memory.

 

J

 

Each poem I write is different, yet each one is the same.

All are written about the things I love,

And all are written about you.

This ink promises that marriage is only the beginning;

Our story will not die as we one day will, for eternity has always been ours.

 

He reads it a final time and then snatches the page, running from the room, searching for Regulus, who he finds curled up in an armchair by the fire. He looks up in mild confusion until he sees what he's holding and looks back down at his book with a smile on his face.

 

"You wrote this, I know you did. I know you too well, Regulus," he rushes out, and Regulus looks up with a pleased smile as he settles back into the chair and looks at James properly.

 

"I did, and you do," he says simply, tilting his head and clearly waiting for more and James stares at him incredulously, wondering how he can sit there and stare at him like he hasn't just declared their love to the entirety of Britain, so he says the next thing on his mind.

 

"You said you'd never let anyone else read your work," he says, almost accusingly. "What's this then?"

 

"I never said that," Regulus replies, raising an eyebrow. "I said it would have to be a worldly occasion for it to happen."

 

James folds into him, holding him close and still makes Regulus hold him as he cuts out the excerpt from the newspaper and pins it to the wall.

 

"It's anonymous; people will think you just cut a random poem out of the newspaper for the hell of it," Regulus tells him from where he rests his chin on his shoulder, but James isn't bothered.

 

"I'll know," he says simply before he pins it on the wall. "And now I'll never forget."

 

 

 

Time goes on and centuries pass until two boys walk together in a graveyard.

 

"This is depressing, can't we go somewhere happy?" the taller one complains, but the shorter one ignores him to peer at the inscription on a tombstone.

 

"It looks like a poem," he says interestedly, which at least makes the other laugh.

 

"Of course you'd find the one tombstone here with a poem on it," he scoffs fondly before he peers down to read it too. 

 

"Regulus and James Potter," he murmurs, something familiar resonating within him he can't explain. "They were buried here together, only two weeks apart."

 

"That's sad," says the first boy.

 

"That's life," the other says amusedly before his eyes flick across the words. "They were in love."

 

"How can you tell?" the first boy asks.

 

"Regulus wrote the same way I write about you."

 

"How do you know he's the one who wrote it?" 

 

The other boy shrugs. "He died second on the first day of Spring; most people will think it's a goodbye, but it's not; it's a reassurance to his lover who already died and who he's about to see again."

 

"This is too sad," the first boy declares, standing up and wiping his palms on his jeans. "Let's go do something happy."

 

"Like what?" 

 

"We could make pancakes?" he asks, which makes the other boy laugh and look away from the words.

 

"Let's do that," he says. "That's always been ours like you've always been mine."

 

The boy like the sun reaches out a hand. The boy named after a star follows him.

 

 

Regulus and James' tombstone; the last poem

 

There is a light on the horizon that signifies the end.

Most who see it try to hide, but I have always known the sun.

I fall into its embrace and let the light pull me beyond this world;

I am not afraid, for I am going home.

 
Notes:

    And it's over :(((

    I gatekeeped a lot off tiktok for the surprises but now it's here!!!!! The ending line made me combust in the best way.

    Thanks again for reading, I've had the best time writing this, you're all the best xoxo

Works inspired by this one:

    loyal to the brave; early to the grave by orphan_account
    Even When I Lose You, I Love You by klarolinexluv

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Bookmark Comments (3654) 

Kudos

mavengrace1, whatdidplutoeverdo, AgentDagonet, yael123, Quinnilinni, MrsBrekker, Blebish_452, hlovv, SBenimaru, sinkronic, TemperanceRoseBlue, christmasspongebob, Marijean24, blondie1308, regulus_079, Kittiedask, My1Name1, moonmuncher, EverTheDevilYouKnow, ladynwoir, Elvendork_27, wonderouscrawler, jegulussecretlykid, Norvegicus, obtuse, MsKoolvi04, Izziebea, panband1t, lizznda09, queerjrm123, Kianna_zzz, Hazelnutcarre1, thereschaosathome, trashkawa27, patisxoxo, phatkat9013, Elasticheart01, LadyJule, makerzipp98, Lumeluta, Alexzia06, Trisya_123, Superwholockgirl4242, 86_naomi, sullenri0t, Niaaxx, ilovefionaaple, v_e_l_iiiii, Strawberrymilk_22, Ieatbruhs1, and 14964 more users as well as 10647 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment
Comment as fictionfruit

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    Customize
        Default
        Low Vision Default
        Reversi
        Snow Blue
    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.408.4
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

