

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: buffy gen teen AND "no archive warnings apply" 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Share 

    Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Teen And Up Audiences 

Archive Warning:

        Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings 

Category:

        Gen 

Fandom:

        僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia 

Relationships:

        Midoriya Izuku & Yagi Toshinori | All MightKirishima Eijirou & Midoriya IzukuNo Romantic Relationship(s)Class 1-A & Midoriya IzukuAizawa Shouta | Eraserhead & Midoriya IzukuMidoriya Izuku & Uraraka OchakoMidoriya Izuku & Todoroki ShoutoIida Tenya & Midoriya Izuku 

Characters:

        Midoriya IzukuMidoriya InkoYagi Toshinori | All MightClass 1-A (My Hero Academia)Kirishima EijirouTodoroki ShoutoIida TenyaUraraka OchakoAsui TsuyuAizawa Shouta | Eraserhead 

Additional Tags:

        Izuku Needs a HugParental Yagi Toshinori | All MightMidoriya Izuku Has a QuirkRaised a Villain IzukuAlternate Universe - Canon DivergenceMidoriya Izuku Does Not Have One for All QuirkPlatonic RelationshipsTraumatic ExperiencesBut it's in the past nowHurt/ComfortEmotional Hurt/ComfortFluff and Hurt/ComfortParental Aizawa Shouta | EraserheadTrigger Warning: Needles/SyringesNothing extreme or explicit but stillBAMF Midoriya IzukuDon’t copy to another siteWell-Balanced Hurt/Comfortmarked as complete with hopes for a future epilogue eventually 

Language:
    English 
Series:
    Part 1 of Reverse Villain AU 
Stats:

    Published:
        2018-03-24
    Completed:
        2020-11-23
    Words:
        345,166
    Chapters:
        53/53
    Comments:
        6,734
    Kudos:
        18,025
    Bookmarks:
        4,859
    Hits:
        601,192

Live a Hero
BeyondTheClouds777
Summary:

    "You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain."

    Or, you're raised a villain, rebel when you're nine, and fight against the odds to become a hero anyway.

    That's how it is in Izuku's case.

    (Now with a TV Tropes page!)

Notes:

(See the end of the work for notes and other works inspired by this one.)
Chapter 1
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Inko Midoriya has a son.

Misaki and Daichi know this. They’ve been next door neighbors to the Midoriyas for the past couple of years now, and apparently, a few years ago, she adopted a little boy. A nine year old, Misaki remembers overhearing--the boy would be twelve now, if she remembers correctly.

Except, for all their visits to the Midoriya household, Misaki and her husband have never seen him.

“He’s here,” Inko says uncomfortably when they inquire his whereabouts, “he’s just...he’s very skittish. He doesn’t really like people all that much, you’ll have to understand.”

It was an interesting choice of wording. “Skittish” rather than “shy” and “you’ll have to understand” rather than “you’ll have to forgive him.” The neighbors are confused and skeptical; after all, they’ve never seen the boy, or even any sign that he actually exists at all.  

Misaki is over at the Midoriya residence for coffee one day (Inko is always very welcoming, if just for a short time; she never has company for more than thirty minutes or so) when she sees the first sign of there actually being someone else in the house.

“So, this son of yours,” Misaki is saying during said visit, stirring her coffee absentmindedly if just to have something to do. “Are we ever going to get the chance to meet him?”

Inko smiles softly. It looks painful. “Maybe someday,” she says, “hopefully. He’s…” She stirs her own coffee nervously. “He’s, well, he’s very--”

A door slams abruptly in another room.

Misaki jumps, nearly spilling coffee all over herself, and Inko raises her head. She isn’t startled, merely...concerned. Like this has happened many times before.

“I’m sorry,” Inko says, setting down her coffee and rising to her feet, “but, for now...I’m going to have to ask that you go.”

This has also happened before, Inko asking her to leave abruptly. Inko, of course, is as sweet as she can be about it, never demanding and always very kind, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t odd, and that doesn’t mean Misaki isn’t offended.

The Midoriya household is strange. Misaki and her husband don’t visit often, but every time they’ve been over this far, the household has had a...strange air about it. Or, perhaps it’s not the household so much as it is the feeling Misaki and Daichi get when they’re in the household. Inko says that it’s an old house and maybe it’s just because it’s creaky and rickety, but Misaki has her doubts.

That, and she finds knives lying around the house sometimes.

She doesn’t find very many of them and the occasions are rare on which she does, but they’re there--embedded in the walls, scattered across the coffee table, even behind the couch cushions sometimes. Inko laughs is off, but the laughter is always nervous and pained.

“It’s nothing,” Inko says, yanking two knives from the wall and setting them on the kitchen counter. “You aren’t in danger here, I promise you that.”

Another odd choice of wording. Inko doesn’t explain the knives; she never has, and Misaki doesn’t think she ever will.

Misaki doesn’t try and investigate. She isn’t sure she won’t find something she’ll regret. The Midoriya household is full of secrets, and despite her curiosity, Misaki isn’t about to go snooping again.

The one time she tried, when Inko was making tea in the other room, two knives had shot out of nowhere and missed her by inches.

Misaki’s visits to the Midoriya household stopped after that. Inko had been furious, and she said that Misaki had no right to go snooping, which was true, but either way, Misaki wasn’t about to step into that household again.

Inko Midoriya has a son. And, apparently, Misaki is on both of their bad sides.

Inko does have a son.

She has a son, twelve now (she thinks--the police hadn’t been able to find out Izuku’s birthday for sure, but he’s about twelve), and she loves him with her whole heart. Izuku is quiet and skittish and he has a bad habit of throwing knives at people when he’s scared or feels threatened, but he tries his best and has a heart of pure gold.

Misaki and Daichi leave after a visit, their final visit, and Inko, once she’s sure they’re gone, creeps down the hallway towards the door of her son’s room. It’s never locked, Izuku never locks it, she knows this without trying. She knocks on the door twice, and when she receives no objection from within, she heads inside.

Her son’s room is... special.

That’s really the only nice way she can put it.  

The walls are splashed with multi-colored paints, reds and blues and greens and purples and pinks and oranges and, basically, all things bright and colorful. Her son fell in love with colors the day Inko brought him home, and one of the first things Inko had done was bought several cans of paint and let him splash the walls with color.

Her son likes colorful things, and he also likes stuffed animals and blankets with “pretty patterns” and…

And…

...He likes knives, too.

The walls, bright and colorful, are lined with knives. None of them are longer than Inko’s forearm, but the blades gleam in harmony beneath the overhead lights of the room, threatening despite their sizes.

The knife thing isn’t exactly new; Izuku had always had knives on him since the day he was found. He’d almost knifed the hero who found him in the face several times.

(No one blamed him.)

(No one could.)

Inko makes her way across the room and to the closet. This door is locked, she knows it is without trying the handle, and she knocks twice. She waits a moment for an answer, and when one doesn’t come, she opens her mouth.

“Izuku?” she calls gently. “You can come out now, it’s alright. They’re gone.”

There’s a beat.

And then, two knocks come from the other side of the door.

Inko smiles gently, even though Izuku can’t see her. “Not yet?” Inko asks.

One knock this time.

“Alright,” she says, understanding. Her son loves her, she knows this, but he needs space sometimes. A lot of space sometimes. “Do you want anything to eat?”

Two knocks come as an answer.

“Alright, that’s okay. What about ice cream?”

There’s another long beat.

And then, one knock.

Inko smiles brightly again, despite that Izuku can’t see her. “I’ll be right back,” she says, a promise, and she turns on her heel and retreats the room.

Inko loves her son. She’s only been his mother for three years thus far, but she loves him dearly and would do just about anything for him.

“He was brought in last month by the hero, Ingenium. We ran his DNA through the system, but there aren’t any matches. As far as the rest of the world is concerned, this boy doesn’t exist.”

Inko is awoken that night by a hand shaking her shoulder.

She sits up, blinking rapidly and willing her eyes to adjust to the dark. “Izuku?” she murmurs, suddenly more awake now that she realizes what’s going on. “Izuku, are you…?”

Her eyes adjust enough for her to make out Izuku’s outline in the dark. He’s fiddling with something--knives, she realizes. Two of them, one in each hand, the blades gleaming in the light of the full moon shining through the window.

“I-I’m sorry,” Izuku stammers, his blades sliding against each other. His hands are shaking, she notices. “I-I...I-I just…”

“It’s okay,” she says immediately, and she reaches out, gently--very, very gently--settling her hand on his cheek. “It’s okay, Izuku, it’s okay. You’re safe, I promise. Come here.”

He does. He sets his knives on the nightstand first, but then he’s in Inko’s arms, and she hugs him tight.

This happens a lot, Izuku coming to her in the middle of the night, never offering an explanation (never needing to offer an explanation). He’s had nightmares regularly since the day he came home, and Inko’s heart aches for him every time.

She never asks what he dreams about. She doesn’t dare make him relive whatever horrors he sees in his dreams. And anyways, it’s not like she needs to know to be able to hold him and comfort him, so she lets it go. It’s been three years, yes, but she’s still finding Izuku’s boundaries. He has several of them.

“It’s okay, Izuku,” she promises, running her fingers through his hair. He’s trembling (not crying, he never cries) and holding onto her in what she’d consider a death grip. “It’s okay, you’re safe, I promise you’re safe.”

It’s a horrible, horrible thing, his nightmares. The boy has a hard time sleeping already; add “nightmares” to that and he hardly ever gets the chance to rest peacefully. It isn’t fair, Inko thinks, holding him and stroking his hair as he trembles in her arms. He’s done nothing to deserve this. For all his knives, he’s done absolutely nothing to deserve this.

“Ma’am, are you sure about this? He’s our hardest case, if you're looking to adopt a child, there are others--”

“No. I’d like to meet him. Please.”

Izuku doesn’t like people. He never has. He tells Inko to have company over so she can hang out with others, but then he runs off and locks himself in the closet until they leave. He doesn’t like company, and she’d stop having people over altogether if he’d let her.

But he doesn’t. He wants her to have friends. Which is odd, considering Izuku’s own distaste for people.

Or maybe “distaste” is the wrong word. Perhaps “fear” is more accurate.

He doesn’t like going out in public at all, he never has. He’ll go out with her occasionally, but stays glued to her side like he’s terrified to lose her, and she doesn’t let him out of her sight. He gets startled easily, and when he’s scared he brings out the knives and that is not something Inko wants happening in public. The public doesn’t understand that knives are Izuku’s comfort, that knives make him feel safe and that he’d never actually hurt anyone. He throws knives when he’s scared or startled, yes, but his aim is accurate and he’d never, ever hit anyone.

The public doesn’t understand this, and for this reason, Inko and Izuku don’t go out often. When Inko goes shopping for groceries, she lets Izuku stay home, where he does his schoolwork (she’s homeschooled him since adopting him--he can barely handle a walk down the street, much less being in a classroom full of other kids) and, when he’s able, he rests, too, which is good. He needs whatever sleep he can get.   

He likes going out with her to the park on occasion, though. He’s told her before that he loves the sunshine.

“Hello, there. My name is Inko. What’s your name? ...No? You don’t want to tell me your name? That’s okay, you don’t have to, sweetheart. Take your time.”

Izuku dyes his hair green.

He says it’s because “black is scary” and “green is pretty,” but Inko has a suspicion it has something to do with the fact that her own hair has a natural green hue to it. Izuku is shy and skittish and not much of a talker at all, but Inko knows he loves her, and she doesn’t miss how his eyes light up when, due to their matching hair color, strangers at the parks they visit comment on their “family resemblance.”

It’s expensive, keeping up with hair dye, but Inko does it. She knows how much it means to him.

“I have a question, sweetheart. Would you...like me to be your mother? Would you like to be my son?”

Izuku does not smile.

It’s not that he isn’t happy, because he is. Inko has seen him truly, honestly happy a fair amount of times. Like the day she brought him home and showed him his new home, or when she bought him his first stuffed animal (and all the stuffed animals that followed). He doesn’t smile--Inko isn’t sure he can-- but his eyes fill with life and light, and even though he isn’t smiling, Inko can always tell when he’s happy.

She isn’t sure anyone else would be able to tell, but she can, and that’s what matters.

“Would you like a new name? ...Yes, that’s right, you can if you want to. You can pick anything you’d like. ...Would you like me to help you choose?”

A nod, small, shy and quick. 

“Alright, let’s think, shall we? Hmm…”

“I-Inko-san?”

Inko turns; Izuku is standing in the doorway, fiddling with one of his knives. He’d spoken to her, but he isn’t looking at her.

She wishes he’d call her “mom,” but he’s only recently dropped “Midoriya-san,” and she’ll take small victories. They’re still trying, still moving forward, still making progress. They’ll get there. Eventually.

“Yes, what is it?” Inko asks, smiling gently. Izuku is much like a cat in that he gets startled easily and that it takes time to gain his trust. Inko is proud to say that Izuku trusts her, but even so; he’s easily spooked and extremely hard to calm down.

Plus, he has a tendency to lash out and throw his knives when he’s startled, and although he’d never hit anyone, Inko doesn’t want him to feel threatened enough to attack.  

Izuku fiddles with the knives some more. The green is fading out of his black hair; they’ll have to get it re-done soon.

“H-Hypothetically,” Izuku stutters slowly, “c-can...c-can I be a hero?”

Inko pauses with a small frown. “Why do you ask?”

Izuku bites his lip. “I-I mean,” he says, “I-I was just...thinking, recently. I-I mean, h-heroes don’t really...look like this, do they?”

Inko absolutely hates the way he phrased that, but she understands where he’s coming from.

Izuku has never been the healthiest person. He’s skinny, pale, and he’s prone to illness more often than Inko wants to think about. But, aside from that...Izuku is covered in scars.

All over his forearms, all over his legs, all over his face; beneath his clothes are more scars, more times he’d been hurt. Some of them are small and faint and others are long and jagged, like his skin was cracked.

“...Izuku…” She studies his face, his eyes. “Is this...really hypothetical?”

Izuku doesn’t flinch, but he slides the blades of his knives together slightly more frantically. “Yes.”

It isn’t. He’s lying. And Inko gets the feeling that he knows she knows he’s lying.

She doesn’t call him out, though. Instead, she crosses the room towards him. He doesn’t flinch back like he used to; he stays where he is, and when Inko reaches him, she kneels in front of him and settles her hands on his. The knives finally still, and Izuku raises his head. He’s small for a twelve year old, and they’re eye-level.

“Izuku…”

“Is that the one you want? You decided?”

A nod.

“Alright.” Inko smiles. She doesn’t hug him, even though she wants to. It’s taken months for them to build enough trust for him to answer her when she asks a question (he answers non-verbally, but even so), and she isn’t about to break that trust.

She’ll wait for him. She’ll wait for him, wait with him, and she’ll be patient all the way.

“You’re absolutely sure of this, sweetheart? This is your choice?”

The nine year old nods feverishly, and Inko beams at him.

“Well, in that case...Izuku it is.”

Izuku doesn’t smile, but his eyes shine with a newfound light. It’s the first time Inko has seen it.  

It isn’t fair, Inko thinks, for what feels like the millionth time when it comes to this boy. It isn’t fair, none of it’s fair. His entire life hasn’t been fair. He’s suffered through so much and been hurt so many times, seen and endured more than any human being, let alone a child, should’ve.

It isn’t fair, Inko thinks. It isn’t fair at all.

But Izuku is watching her, waiting for an answer, and she puts those thoughts aside for now and smiles at him.

“Izuku, sweetheart…” She meets his eyes and squeezes his hands gently. “You’d make a great hero.”

There’s just a moment, a moment in which she sees light in his eyes, bright and shining even though the rest of his face stays stoic as always. The knives hit the floor and then he’s hugging her, and she hugs him back tightly.

“Do you like it, Izuku?”

A nod.

“Good. Because it’s yours. This is your room now, sweetie.”

He whirls around to stare at her, eyes wide. He blinks once, confused, and she smiles. He doesn’t return the gesture, but she can tell by the light in his eyes that, if he could, he’d be smiling back at her.

It isn’t fair, Inko thinks. She’s sitting on the couch, and Izuku is sleeping, curled up against her side, two knives held loosely between his fingers. She runs her fingers over his cheek and through his hair absentmindedly, and when her fingers brush over some of the many scars on his skin, her heart aches.

It isn’t fair. This boy has seen and been through so much, so much he didn’t deserve, so much pain.

And it also isn’t fair that the boy who wants to be a hero more than anything else…

...Would be raised and hurt so devastatingly by villains.
Notes:

    Misaki and Daichi aren't important at all erjskfkjdsf like they might show up once or twice later since they're the Midoriyas' neighbors but they aren't important.

    SO THIS IS MY REVERSE!VILLAIN!IZUKU AU (or, like I’m calling it on Discord, my “raised a villain!Izuku AU). There’s a lot that needs to be explained and more that needs to happen bUT WE’LL GET INTO ALL OF THAT LATER ON FOR NOW JUST RELISH IN THIS LITTLE THING AND I HAVE NO IDEA WHEN I’M UPDATING BECAUSE DIS(ASSOCIATE) CURRENTLY HAS MY SOUL I’M SORRY.

    This is mainly so I can get the idea out there and come back to it whenever I want to. Idk where it's going from here, but I have a lot of ideas and I'm excited to put them to good use when the time comes! :D I hope y'all enjoy this so far! The next chapter will be kicking off from where canon starts so there's a bit of a time-skip, and we'll be in Izuku's POV, which should be fun! :D

    Well, thanks for reading! Drop me a comment if you think I deserve it. :) Until next time, go beyond! PLUS ULTRA!

Chapter 2
Notes:

    OH MY GOSH THERE'S ART ALREADY????/

    blossom-2207

    THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Izuku is tired.

He’s always tired. He sleeps in mounds of stuffed animals and blankets his mom got for him, and it’s warm and comfortable and safe and he knows it’s safe, but he can never get a decent amount of sleep. When he can sleep, he gets nightmares; if he manages to fall asleep again, he wakes up exhausted.

He wonders, briefly, if he’ll ever get a full night of sleep a day in his life.

Shink.

His mother’s chopsticks clatter against her plate, and Izuku sharpens his knives across from her, absentmindedly, with a piece of flint. His breakfast sits in front of him, untouched; he hasn’t had much of an appetite since last night’s nightmare, and he isn’t sure he’ll have an appetite at all today.

Shink.

“What is this?”

Shink.

“Child, you misunderstand. This is where you belong.”

Shink.

“This is who you are.”

Shink.

“This is what you are.”

Shink.

“...Izuku.”

Izuku’s head snaps up immediately, hands tensing. His mom smiles at him, gently but sadly, and she reaches across the tiny dining table, settling her hand over his.

“I know you don’t want to,” she says, “but try to eat something, okay?”

Izuku swallows thickly. “...Okay.”

He sets the knife and flint on the table and takes up his chopsticks. A part of him is hungry, but the majority of him wants to puke just by the mere thought of food. He stares at his plate, chopsticks between his fingers, for a long, long moment.

Eventually, his mother sighs. “...You can sharpen your knife if you want, Izuku. Try to eat something later, okay?”

Izuku takes up the knife and flint again immediately; he doesn’t say anything, but that’s alright. He and his mother have mastered the art of silent communication.

(They’d had to.)

His mom puts foil over his plate for him to have later if he wants it, and Izuku, after making sure she doesn’t need his help, scurries off to his room again, shutting the door behind him.

(He doesn’t lock it. He never locks it.)

He’s fifteen now (he thinks--either that, or fourteen. He doesn’t remember his birthday, so he and his mother decided on celebrating it in April), but his room isn’t what you’d expect from a boy his age. The walls are splashed with multi-colors, mostly bright and neon ones like green, pink, blue, and yellow. Izuku had done this, with his mother, when he was around nine. She’d bought him cans of paint and let him go at it, coming into help and check on his progress every now and then.

His bed is covered with stuffed animals (mostly cats and dogs) and blankets, and the multicolored walls are lined with Izuku’s knife collection. His mother doesn’t know how he got half of these knives, and she doesn’t really ask; Izuku finds them anywhere, in alleys, dumpsters, plus what knives his mother did purchase for him.

Honestly, Izuku isn’t really sure how he ended up with so many knives. He has two pencil cups on the little (paint-splattered) desk by his bed, and although the cups are full, there’s only one pencil in each. The rest of the space is taken up by even more knives.

(No, he’s not obsessed with knives. He’s just vaguely terrified of being caught without them.)

He flops onto his bed, face-down, and shuts his eyes.

“You’re making a mistake, my boy. Believe me, you don’t want to do this.”

Izuku opens his eyes again and sits up. It’s a Saturday, which means there’s no schoolwork for him to get done, which means he can relax.

Or, as much as someone in his predicament can relax.

Which is less than ideal, honestly.

He gets up, grabbing his favorite hoodie off the bedpost (tye-dyed, blue and white, like a bright, cloudy sky) and slipping it over his head. He pulls two knives out of the pencil cup by the bed, sheaths them at his belt along with the knives already there, then leaves his room.

He finds his mother in the living room, bent over papers sprawled on the table. Izuku stands there, waiting for her to notice him; as soon as she does, she raises her head and looks at him quizzically.

“What is it, Izuku?”

“I’m going to go for a walk,” Izuku says, pointing over his shoulder at the door. “Is...that okay?”

His mother pauses briefly, thinking this over. Then, she nods.

“That’s fine,” she says. “Be careful, though, alright? Remember what Kagami-san told you.”

“I will,” Izuku promises. She beckons him over, and as soon as he’s within reach, she kisses his cheek. Afterwards, he makes for the door, slips on his shoes (they’re light-up shoes; odd, perhaps, but what the heck), and heads out.

It’s a recent development, his mother letting him take short walks by himself. It’s been a long road, getting here; Izuku has been seeing a therapist (Kagami-san) for the past six years or so, but even then, it’s taken this long for him to be comfortable walking down the street without his mother beside him.

Slow development, but development nonetheless. He’s proud of it, if he does say so himself. He wishes it’d be faster, though. Oh, how he wishes it’d be faster.

It’s warm out--he can tell by the sunshine--but he’s always cold, so he leaves the hoodie on. He’s always had a hard time regulating his own body temperature, hence the reason he had so many blankets on his bed and so many hoodies in his closet.

He ignores the looks he gets from people as he heads down the way. He keeps his hood over his head, avoiding their skeptical gazes and hoping they don’t see just how many scars there are on his face. He hears a couple words, a couple questions, like, “Should a kid really be out here alone?” and “He’s all by himself. That’s strange…” but he ignores it.

Honestly, he looks like a ten year old. He’s short (very short, actually--barely five feet tall) and skinny, not to mention the shoes he’s wearing that light up with every step. He probably looks like a child to them. And he’s oddly okay with that, as long as they leave him alone.

Better they mistake him for a little kid than see the scars and mistake him for what he used to be.

He keeps on down the street, hands in his pockets, fingers curled around two pocket knives. He’s okay. He’s okay. No one’s stopped him or said anything yet. He’s okay. He can do this, he’s okay. He’s oka--

Someone knocks shoulders with him, hard, and Izuku stumbles, just slightly, balance askew by the force of the hit. He turns around, raising his head ever so slightly.

“Oy, watch where you’re going.”

Izuku looks at him. He’s blond, with spiky hair and flaming red eyes. He’s walking with two others who, thankfully, hadn’t knocked into Izuku as well.

He’s furious.

“You were the one who knocked into me,” Izuku says, not because he wants to, but because that’s the first thing that comes to mind. “I’m sorry for my part in it.”

The kid snarls back at him. He’s angry, but Izuku doesn’t sense danger from him. It’s an empty threat, his fury. He’d never actually outright attack Izuku.

(Izuku knows how to do this, how to tell when a threat is real or not.)

The kid steps towards him, stopping just short of him. Izuku’s fingers clench his knives just a little bit tighter.

Empty threat. Empty threat. Empty threat, he tells himself, but that doesn’t stop his immediate reactions to being approached like this. It’s an empty threat. Empty threat. Empty threat. Breathe. You’re okay. Don’t throw knives at him. Don’t throw the knives. Hold back. Empty threat. Empty threat. You know what a true threat is and this isn’t one. Don’t throw away your development thus far for him. Empty threat. Empty threat. Not worth it.

Not worth it.

Don’t do it.

Don’t do it.

Don’t use it--

“--Hey, I’m talking to you.” The kid’s voice brings Izuku back to the present, and he reaches forward to grab Izuku’s shoulder.

Izuku ducks beneath his hand and springs backwards, avoiding the touch. His head snaps up, and for the first time, the kid gets a look at his face.

Immediately, Izuku watches the stranger’s eyes fill with something-- something like shock, confusion, horror, and everything in between. Izuku stares at him, right in the eyes.

“I’m sorry,” Izuku says, feet already moving. “I have to go.”

He power-walks down the sidewalk in the opposite direction, leaving the stranger and his friends behind.

“Here…”

Cold fingers on his face. Black flooding his vision.

“Maybe this will calm you down...teach you your place…”

He screams, and the world explodes into white and red and black.

As soon as Izuku knows he’s far away enough (he isn’t following you, he isn’t following you, you’re okay, you’re okay, he isn’t following you, empty threat, empty threat, empty threat), he ducks into an alleyway and leans against the wall, breathing heavily for a moment or two.

That…

That could have gone very, very badly.

It’s over now. It could have gone badly but it didn’t. You’re okay. You’re okay. You’re okay.

Izuku catches his breath and opens his eyes again. The sky above is bright, but the alley is dark. He stomps his foot, then watches the multi-colored lights flash on the floor and wall. It’s comforting, somehow. It reminds him that darkness isn’t all there is.

Mew.

Izuku’s head snaps up again, and he looks around wildly for a moment or two, fingers clenching around the hilts of his sheathed knives. He doesn’t hear the sound again for another long time.

Mew.

He turns his head to the side, where the sound comes from. He waits a long moment, and then, he creeps down the alley to investigate, occasionally stomping his foot every now and then to light up the alley.

A little further down, he sees a cardboard box, lit up by his shoes when he stomps. Curious, and constantly looking over his shoulder, just in case, he closes in, loosening his hold on his knives.

He kneels by the box, steels himself, then flips back the flaps to look inside.

Six pairs of glowing eyes look back at him.

Izuku tilts his head. The eyes blink at him.

He doesn’t leave the alley alone.

“Hey--heyheyheyheyhey, calm down, calm down, it’s okay, you’re safe now, calm down. It’s alright, no one will hurt you now.”

...

“Do you want the knives back? ...Okay, okay, calm down. I’ll give you them back if you promise not to try and stab me again, okay? ...Okay, here… Heya, headquarters? Ingenium, requesting backup. Send an ambulance, hurry.”

“Welcome back, Izuku. Did you have a nice--Izuku what is that.”

Izuku kneels and sets the cardboard box down, kicking the door shut behind him. His mom stares, watching, waiting; when Izuku flips back the lids, six kittens turn and meow in scattered unison at him and his mom.

His mom stares for another moment--and then, her eyes soften in realization. “Oh, Izuku, we can’t...I’m not sure we can…”

The kittens immediately hop out of the box, climbing onto his lap and on his sleeves. Izuku pets their fluffy little heads, then turns his gaze up towards his mother pleadingly.

She looks torn. “Izuku, we can’t... all six of them…”

Izuku looks down again, sadly. There’s another long beat, and then,

“Okay, okay, Izuku, okay, we can keep them.”

Izuku’s head snaps up to meet her gaze, and she bites her lip. “But they’re your responsibility to take care of, alright?”

Izuku nods immediately, rising to his feet. He holds three of the kittens in his arms; the other three cling to him, their little claws digging into the sleeves of his hoodie. He feels their purrs against his hands, and he can’t help the warmth that spreads through his chest.

He looks at his mother, not smiling, but she can always tell when he’s happy, somehow. She smiles at him, and he hopes she can tell just how thankful he is.

He sleeps...reasonably okay that night. He’s always cold, and usually he sleeps with a hoodie along the rest of his blankets, but this time, the kittens curl against his chest, meowing and purring happily, and he snuggles them as tightly as he dares.

Their warmth seeps into him, and he sleeps.

“What the hell...what happened to this kid?”

“Villains, there’s no other explanation. We’re lucky we found him when we did, he was losing a lot of blood.”

“Those wounds...it looked like his skin was cracked open from the inside out. Like something was destroying him.”

“Ingenium, you said you found him alone?”

“He was alone, yeah. Freaked out pretty badly by something, too, poor kid. If I’d been any slower, he would’ve knifed me in the face.”

“Hmm, yes. Does he have a Quirk? Do you know?”

“Well, I mean...ex-rays of his toes would suggest that he didn’t. But…”

Izuku goes out the next day for cat food and a litterbox. His mother gives him some cash, and shortly afterwards, he heads out (after kissing each kitten on the forehead once...or twice).

He wears his heelys this time and the same hoodie from yesterday (now covered in black cat hair, not that it matters), and thankfully, he isn’t approached or knocked into by anybody, which is good. He can avoid more breakdowns that way.

The pet shop is located on the other side of town, further into the city in a small, infrequently busy part of town, for which Izuku is glad. Going out two days in a row, especially to places with lots of people, would be hard. He isn’t sure he’d be able to cope with it.

He continues down the sidewalk, towards the edge of town where the pet shop is. He passes a few people here and there, but not too many, and soon, he’s all alone. No one passes by, on foot or in cars; just him and the sidewalk.

He comes to a bridge, and he stops there for a moment. It isn’t a very long bridge; he can see the light from the end of it, but even so, he’s never liked the darkness.

(He has reason not to like the darkness.)

He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small but bold flashlight. He flicks it on; the light penetrates the darkness, and after another moment, he keeps walking, following the path of light left by the flashlight.

He gets about halfway through before he hears a clank and a clatter behind him.

He spins around immediately, yanking two knives from sheaths at his belt and holding them between his fingers. A sewer cap hits the road, spins like a coin, then falls on its side.

From the gaping hole in the street emerges a gross, slithering blob of something, a shapeless something with beady, bulging eyes and white, white teeth. Its body doesn’t have shape, but it’s definitely alive.

Its eyes find Izuku’s and stay there. “Well, whaddya know,” it says in a garbled, gurgling voice, emerging further from the sewer to face Izuku fully. “Perfect timing, kid.”

Threat.

Threat.

Threat.

Threat.

Threat.

The villain lunges.

“Grab him! Somebody, grab him!”

“I’ve got him, I’ve--ACK!”

“He’s running, get him!”

“I’ve--OW! He bit me--!”

He runs. He runs, he headbutts people who grab him, he bites them, he kicks, he thrashes, he screams, he’s scared, he wants out, he wants out, he has to run he has to run he has to get out of here before they hurt him everyone hurts him he has to run he has to run before before before before before--

He makes it to the door, but then it opens, and he bonks his head against the new arrival’s leg. He’s thrown backwards by the force of it, and he hits the ground, breathing heavily, scared, terrified, hyped up, exhausted, exhausted, exhausted, he’s so tired of running, he’s so tired of running--

He looks up at the face of the person he’d knocked into. A woman. A stranger. Someone he doesn’t know.

She meets his eyes, and he doesn’t know why but a sudden feeling of calm overcomes him, and he knows in an instant that she isn’t going to hurt him. He knows somehow that she isn’t going to hurt him. He doesn’t know how he knows it but he does.

The woman kneels in front of him, looking at him with a gentle gaze, unlike anything he’s ever seen before. She reaches towards him, gently, and when he flinches back, not out of fear but out of habit, her smile turns sad, and she nods, knowingly, withdrawing her hand.

“Hello, there.” She sits on the floor, just like that, and he feels like he should feel threatened but he doesn’t. “My name is Inko. What’s your name?”

His name.

He...he has a name. He does, but…

He shakes his head feverishly, ignoring his pounding headache. The woman watches him with soft, kind--that’s what it is, it’s kindness--eyes.

“...No? You don’t want to tell me your name?”

He shakes his head again, more feverishly this time. He’s expecting a hit, he’s expecting pain, but all he gets is another small, understanding smile.

“That’s okay, you don’t have to, sweetheart. Take your time.”

No one has ever spoken to him the way this woman speaks to him now, gentle and kind and understanding.

It shocks him, but also comforts him.

Izuku dodges.
Notes:

    Find me on tumblr! :D <3

    THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORT!!! I LOVE YOU ALL TO PIECES!!!!!!! :D :D :D :D :D

    Until next time, go beyond! PLUS ULTRA!!

Chapter 3
Notes:

    THERE'S ART EHRKJSFHKDSF.

    solarflare-vulpix

    FloatingOnAFeeling

    THANK YOU SO MUCH!!! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Izuku skids backwards for a moment or so, but ultimately keeps his wits and footing about him. The shapeless, gurgling villain turns its bulging eyes towards him, and its white, white teeth curve into an amused smile.

“A feisty one, are you,” the villain grins, slithering towards him again. “I like a kid with some spunk--!”

It lashes out at Izuku with its shapeless body, and Izuku turns, ducks, and dives to the side. Something splashes his hand as he dives, but he’s fast enough to avoid the villain. He skids, his heelys carrying him backwards from the momentum of the dive; he stops himself by slamming the blade of his knife into the asphalt before him.

The villain looks less amused this time, rising up again to face Izuku fully. “Alright, kiddo,” it says, “you can stop dodging now. I love the feisty ones, but this is getting tedious…”

Threat.

Th R eA t.

T h RE a T.

Th RE A t.

THREAT.

Izuku feels something bubble up in his chest, as his fingers curl around the hilts of his knives and the villain rises to its full, shapeless, gurgling height in front of him. Izuku grits his teeth, mind racing.

“Now, let me show you how it’s done…”

He runs towards the villain this time without giving it the chance to strike first. The villain grins at him, most likely assuming this is his game, but it isn’t.

The villain swings at him, and Izuku shifts from the balls of his feet to his heels, where the wheels are, and bends himself backwards. The villain’s swinging limb misses his face by inches, and Izuku waits, watching, for the right moment. The villain fixes one of its bulging eyes at Izuku, and with a swing of Izuku’s arm, the knives fly.

“Knives are close-combat weapons, but if you get good at hitting your target, well, it’s a whole new game. ...Why not get good at it now, my boy? Your aim?”

Two of them sink into the villain’s liquid body harmlessly, as Izuku had deducted they would. That’s why he threw three knives.

There’s a spurt of blood, and the villain lets out a horrible screech and wail, thrashing and writhing and moving shapeless limbs to clutch at its face.

Izuku swings himself around, a considerable distance away, and watches. The only thing he feels is regret from losing three of his knives.

“I-I can’t, I-I-I can’t, I-I’ll hit her--!”

“Then you’re going to have to learn to aim quickly if you don’t want to.”

The villain looks at Izuku, blood mixing with its green, shapeless body. One eye is wide, scared, angry, pained; the other is bloody, with a knife protruding from it.

“What the hell are you!?” the villain shrieks. “You’re just a kid, how could--!”

Izuku responds by shining his bright little flashlight in the villain’s face. It shrieks and writhes back further, and Izuku watches, deadpan.

“You’re a villain,” Izuku says plainly. “And you attacked me. What did you expect me to do? ‘Oh, yes, please suffocate me. I’d love that.’ I don’t think so.”

The villain looks at him again, and this time, it meets Izuku’s eyes. Rather than seeing Izuku as a potential victim or a target, it finally looks at Izuku’s face, half-shrouded by darkness and the hood over his head.

Izuku knows how he looks. He’s always known. He’s always wished he didn’t know.

“What…” The villain has gone from angry and shocked to utterly horrified. “You...a kid…”

“I’m sorry. I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I-I didn’t mean to--”

“It’s okay, they made you do it. It’s okay.”

A gust of wind interrupts the villain, and Izuku’s hands go up to shield himself instinctively. The villain’s shriek turns into a gurgle, and its liquid body is blown to bits, splashing unceremoniously on the street and the sides of the tunnel.

Izuku blinks, then turns towards the source of the wind.

There’s a man standing there, tall, intimidating, burly. He’s holding a bag in one hand (a grocery bag--Izuku and his mom shop there often enough for him to recognize it), and there’s a near blinding smile on his face.

Not a threat.

“Fear not, child!” the man proclaims in a loud, booming, reassuring kind of voice. “I am here!”

Izuku tilts his head to one side, turning his flashlight off and stuffing it in his pocket with three other small, sheathed knives. The man starts across the way towards him, and Izuku has half a mind to flinch away.

“Are you alright?” the stranger asks. “I apologize for getting you caught up in my villain chasing. I’ve been trying to capture this one all morning!”

Izuku blinks at him. “...Are you a hero?”

The man looks confused, maybe shocked for a moment, but it’s gone an instant later. “Indeed!” he says, and he extends his hand to Izuku. “All Might, at your service.”

Izuku shakes the hero’s hand around a sheathed knife, which he’d forgotten he was holding. The hero--All Might--gives him a bit of an odd look (or, rather, he gives the knife an odd look), but then, he raises his head towards Izuku.

Izuku keeps his head down, hoping his hood and the darkness shroud all the scars on his face.

“We’re taking you out on a mission with us. ...No, this isn’t something you can skip. Consider this your official initiation, my boy.”

“Well, if you’re alright, I will be taking this villain to the police!” All Might says, releasing Izuku’s hand. “You should probably move along as well, my boy.”

Izuku flinches, but just for a second. He nods, the movement small and miniscule, and All Might turns away and begans gathering up the slime splattered on the walls and road.

It is not over quickly.

Shink.

All Might actually jumps, and he turns to Izuku again. “...That reminds me,” he says, straightening up. “Do you like knives, my boy?”

Izuku has absentmindedly been sharpening one for the past minute or so.

“Yeah,” Izuku says simply, still sharpening it. It bothers him that he doesn’t remember pulling his knife and flint from his belt.

Izuku keeps sharpening the knife, and All Might goes back to gathering up the slime. Izuku isn’t sure what All Might is feeling, but just from the vibe he’s getting, there’s an air of...awkwardness.

Oh.

Right.

He said I should go home.

Izuku spins on the balls of his feet to head in the opposite direction.

“...You don’t want to do this. Believe me, my boy, you don’t want to do this. This is who you are now. This is what you are now. You cannot deny it.”

"T͔͍̺̣h̤ͅḭ̫̥̩̪͖s̴̙͎̫̩.͝"̬̬̫͇͇̦ ̘̲͉̦͞

̷͉̘̮̤̖"̦̯̳͞Is̖̻̹̲̺̻̠͞.̼̱͓̱͓̼"̠̮̫͈

͚̹̜̺͖ͅ"҉̬͎̙Y̜̘̜o̠u̜.̢̠"҉͇̣͓

Izuku stops, frozen in place.

“Well, that should be it!” All Might says behind him, and Izuku turns; the hero has, somehow, managed to compact all the slime into two identical soda bottles. “Also, here! I believe these are yours?”

He holds three knives out to Izuku. One is still bloody. Izuku takes the knives immediately, sheathing the clean ones at his belt and holding the bloodied one for another moment. He’d have to clean it off later…

“Well, I hate to fight crime and run, but this is where I take my leave!” All Might says, beaming at him. “You did well holding your own against the villain, my boy! I applaud you for that. Try to be more careful in the future, alright?”

Applauded for holding his own, huh. Izuku is fairly certain he did a bit more than that.

But no matter. He nods, and All Might steps out of the tunnel, into the sunlight. Izuku watches; the hero crouches, and a second later, he launches himself into the sky, another gust of wind blowing Izuku’s hair and hood back off his face.

He looks up as the hero disappears from sight.

“...This is what you’ll always be.”

Izuku turns and looks at the gaping sewer cap in the street.

Izuku leans against the wall of the police station, waiting, sharpening a knife absentmindedly. His hood is back over his head, and he focuses on his scarred hands as he moves the flint across the blade.

He hears the door of the police station open again, and out walks All Might, no longer carrying the sludge villain with him. Immediately, Izuku lifts his head and steps out of the shadows, towards the hero.

All Might stops, staring at him in wonder, looking him over from top to bottom. Once he’s sure that, yes, this is the kid he’d met under the bridge a little while ago, he says, “Well now, you got here quickly.”

Izuku shrugs, hoping he doesn’t smell like the routes he’d taken to get here. “There’s something I wanted to ask you,” Izuku says simply. He’s been here since the hero arrived to turn in the villain and has been waiting ever since. “About hero work.”  

“Ahh.” All Might rubs the back of his neck for a moment or so, awkwardly. “I’m really sorry, kiddo, but there’re a few other things I have to get done today, and I’m kind of on a time crunch.”

Izuku frowns. “It won’t take long, I just. I wanted to know something.”

“I have a website,” All Might says. “Message me from there, alright? What’s your name?”

“Midoriya Izuku,” Izuku says, without hesitation, “but--”

“Alright, just sign your message as such, and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can!” All Might says. He’s rushing his speech, Izuku notices; he’s in a hurry to...get somewhere or do something, apparently. “I hate to run off on ya like this, but I’m completely out of time.”

Izuku opens his mouth.

“You’re going to live to regret this...if you survive at all.”

No sound comes out of it. All Might launches himself into the air again, and Izuku watches the hero disappear into the sky once more, higher up, and up, and up--

He lands on the rooftop of a building a little ways off, completely vanishing from Izuku’s sight.

Izuku frowns, tilting his head to one side in confusion.

And then, he decides to investigate.

Toshinori is nearly out of time.

He’s close, he’s really close; he can’t maintain his “hero” form for much longer, and maintaining it while talking with the police officers regarding the sludge villain had already been a struggle.

And then, that boy…

Toshinori feels horrible for running out on him like he had, but he was out of time. He couldn’t stay and have a proper conversation with the boy without revealing his secret.

He stopped on the rooftop for a break, just to catch his breath. He really isn’t fit for long villain chases anymore; he’s lucky he hasn’t revealed himself yet--

Thump.

Toshinori spins around--he’s still “All Might,” currently, but he’d been about to drop his form a second ago, and there’s steam rising from his body. Any second now, it’s going to drop, and there isn’t a thing he can do about it.

The boy from earlier swings himself onto the rooftop, a forearm-length knife in each hand.

Toshinori stares at him, wide-eyed. “How did you…”

“I scaled the building,” Izuku says casually, like he didn’t just do the thing he said he did.

“You... how…!?”

“I’ve done it before,” Izuku says flatly. He has a hood over his head and he’s keeping his head down, so it’s hard to tell exactly what kind of expression he’s wearing. Honestly, Toshinori has... no idea what to think about this kid. He looks like he’s maybe...ten? Eleven?...but he’d stabbed a villain in the eye with aim that’d make even a professional fighter jealous. With mental, emotional ease that would make a professional fighter jealous.

And maybe a little scared.

More steam rises from Toshinori’s arm, and he’s reminded of his time limit.

“Listen, kiddo, I’d love to talk with you more,” Toshinori says, and he means it, he really, really means it, “but I don’t have time right now. I don’t--”

Izuku raises his head, and for the first time, Toshinori meets the boy’s eyes.

His eyes are... dead. Haunted. The eyes of someone who’d fought a vicious battle and emerged victorious, but not unscathed. The eyes of someone who’d witness a thousand bloody, gruesome murders. The eyes of someone who’d suffered and seen too much.

Toshinori has seen eyes like these before. He’s seen them on retired heroes, on heroes who’d witnessed and been through so much. He’s seen them on heroes who’d been traumatized in the line of work. He’s seen them on people who have suffered so much that, eventually, their eyes lost their light.

But he’s never seen them on a child before. A child’s eyes, dead, eyes that have seen and suffered so much. Scars splattered all over his skin, all over his hands, all over his face, two knives clutched between scarred fingers.

“I want to know,” Izuku says. “...What is it...that makes a hero?”

What…

His time runs up, and the rooftop is engulfed with steam.

The kid is not shocked. A little startled, perhaps, when buff, hero “All Might” suddenly becomes skinny, sickly “Toshinori Yagi,” but he isn’t...shocked. He isn’t off-put. He doesn’t shout, or scream, or run away (not that he could, considering the height of the building they’re atop, but point in case).

Toshinori is forced to tell him. He tells the boy about the injury he’d received while fighting that villain five years ago; the boy listens, nodding periodically, knives sliding against each other, and Toshinori can’t believe he’s taking it so well. He really, really can’t. This kid, this child, is nodding in understanding while Toshinori explains a gruesome injury.

Something about that isn’t right.

“I’m sorry that happened to you,” Izuku says, looking down at his knives. “I know it’s...hard. I’ve been…” He pauses, knives sliding together slightly faster than before. “...Villains have hurt me, too.”

It shows, Toshinori thinks. He doesn’t want to imagine the kinds of things this boy has gone through. Doesn’t want to imagine the kind of things those eyes have seen.

“...Your question,” Toshinori says, watching him steadily, unsure of what he should say or how he should respond. “About ‘what makes a hero’...what do you mean by that?”

The knives still for a moment, and then the boy continues sliding them against each other, the sound of metal against metal in Toshinori’s ears.

“...I was wondering how you can be one,” Izuku says. “If, s-say, someone like me wanted to become a hero...hypothetically.” He adds this quickly, with an air of seriousness. “Just...just hypothetically.”

“Hypothetically,” Toshinori repeats, not buying it but not calling him out. Izuku nods feverishly.

“Hypothetically,” Izuku says again. “Could...I be a hero? Could someone like me, I mean, hypothetically, if I wanted to.”

Toshinori looks down for a long moment, considering his answer.

“...If you want to be a hero, Midoriya,” he says, “then that’s all there is to it, isn’t there? If you want to be a hero...if you want to save others…”

Spare them from the fate that befell you. You want to keep them from experiencing the things you’ve experienced. Keep them from seeing what you’ve seen.

“...then, I don’t see why you can’t become a hero,” Toshinori says.

Something flashes in the boy’s dead, tormented eyes; a flash of light, something real that hadn’t been there before. It isn’t a smile--his face doesn’t change--but Toshinori thinks, maybe, it could be.

“I do have to ask,” Toshinori says. “Your knives…” (The knives in Izuku’s hands still as his fingers go stiff). “...You have...extremely accurate aim.”

Izuku nods stiffly. “Yeah.”

“...Is there...a reason you’re, you know...fiddling with them?”

Izuku blinks at him for a moment, a little confused. Then, he looks away again, though he makes no move to put the knives away.

“...Sorry,” Izuku says. “I have…”

He slides the blades of the knives together again.

“...Problems.”

There’s nothing Toshinori can say to that.

Izuku goes home after that, stopping by the pet shop to grab the supplies he’d originally set out to get that morning. He has his hood up over his head again, as usual; when he steps through the front door, he flips off his hood and begins slipping off his shoes.

At least three dozen different meows meet him, and Izuku sets the bag on the floor and kneels, reaching out as the six kittens approach him and rub against his legs and hands. Their happy purrs and trills warm Izuku’s heart, and he scratches behind their ears and lets them climb on him. They’re very clingy.

“Welcome back, Izuku!” his mom says, peering around the hallway and smiling at him. She’s whisking a bowl of something. “I’ll be there in just a second, alright?”

Izuku nods, making sure she sees it before rising to his feet, holding three of the kittens while the rest hang off him precariously by their claws. It reminds Izuku, just a little bit, of how he’d scaled the building earlier to get to All Might.

Honestly, the look on the man’s face when Izuku swung himself onto the rooftop…

Solid gold.

Izuku heads into his room, pushing the door shut with his foot, and he kneels, managing to pry the kittens off of him. They explore his room happily, most of them ending up curled on his bed in his mounds of blankets and stuffed animals.

The rest of the day goes uneventfully; Izuku cleans the blood off that one knife and sharpens the others, then settles the kittens in with their litter box and food and water bowls. He plays with them for a little while after that, dangling a piece of string above their heads and yanking it up when they leap for it. Their claws remind Izuku of little tiny knives.

His mom makes curry for dinner, and after she kisses him goodnight (and tells him, for the utmost time, not to be afraid to wake her up if he needs her), Izuku goes to bed.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I-I’m sorry, K-Ko--”

“Shh, it’s okay. It isn’t your fault. They made you, you didn’t want to.”

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I-I-I’m sorry--”

“It’s okay, stop crying. You didn’t hurt me, remember? They made you. It isn’t you, it’s them. It’s okay, I promise.”

“She couldn’t do it, my boy, don’t you see? She was weak.”

“Y-You...h-how...w-w-w-why did you--”

“Don’t cry, child. You’re stronger than she was. And this experience will only make you stronger.”

“Here...maybe this will calm you down...teach you your place…”

“Everyone, get out of here! What the hell--!”

A scream. A crash. More screams. Some of them are his. Some of them are not. 

Izuku wakes up, silent, but sharply. He lays there for a long time, staring up at the ceiling, heart in his throat and breath getting caught on a lump there, something he can’t swallow back.

His nightlights are on (all five of them), but they don’t help quell the darkness now like they usually do. He feels distorted, frantic, not entirely there, and he moves on numb feet into the bathroom, thoughts racing as quickly as his frantically beating heart.

"̝͔̟͈͚͢T̵͕̖̦̦͇h͕̜̝̞is͍͍̥̹̣͜ ̧̥̠̪̻͙i̙̬͉ͅs͎͍͇͉͞ ̤̻̞̲w̯ͅh̰̮̟̺̲̻ͅo̯̮͔̘ ̖̠̞̤̙͕yo̴͚̭̲̭̳̬u̲ ̻̞̝͓̙̭͎a͓̲͓̘r͙̰̩͍̗̝̬͝e.̬̺̳͔̞̝ͅ"̲̹̤̘̜͘ ̟̲̮̟͍

̺̺͈͍͚"T̹̹̖h̟̹̦̥i̶̘͔s ̝͉͎͔͕͔i̦̲̝s ̢̤̖͍̮͓̲w͔̻̗̻̙͔̜͜h͏̞̳͎͙̯a̱͉̞̻͉̼t̼̜̫̣͢ ̳̳̕yo̝̝̠̺̯̳u̳͈ ḁ̴̦̖̝͖͈͔r͙̟e̼̼̦̫̲."̙͚ ͢

He bends over the toilet and throws up.

Inko wakes up feeling...distorted.

She sits up immediately, ears ringing, and although her body is still half asleep, her mind is fully awake and aware, and she swungs herself out of bed immediately, rushing from her room, down the hall, all the way to her son’s bedroom.

She wants to throw the door open, but doesn’t. She’s done that before, in the past; Izuku hadn’t meant to, but he’d thrown five knives. The doors still have deep nicks where they’d sunk into the wood.

She knocks. Her ears are ringing, her mind is jumbled, but none of that matters. She knocks, more frantically, when she gets no answer.

“Izuku?” she calls. “Izuku. Izuku, I’m coming in now.”

No answer. She opens the door and hurries inside.

The six kittens Izuku had brought home yesterday are circling in front of the bathroom door, meowing, pawing the door, scratching it. Inko rushes over immediately; she sees the light on from the crack at the bottom of the door.

She knocks, becoming more scared and frantic by the second. “Izuku? Izuku, answer me.”

There is no answer.

She turns the knob. The door is, blessedly, unlocked, although the static in her mind and ears makes it take a second longer to register this information. She swings open the door and hurries inside.

Izuku is curled up on the floor, back pressed against the wall, shaking horribly. Inko pushes past the static in her mind and races over, keeping her steps as light as she can.

“Izuku. Izuku.”

This has happened before. She knows how to handle it. That doesn’t make it any easier, but at least she knows what to do.

She reaches out and gently settles her hand on his balled fist. Immediately, his eyes snap open and find hers.

His green irises flash gold, just for a moment; she feels a blur in her mind, another distortion, and her vision goes blurry, but it passes quickly. This has happened before, many times before. She knows how to handle it.

She pushes through the static, squeezing his white knuckles.

“It’s okay. You aren’t there anymore, Izuku, you’re here. You’re here, you’re safe, I promise. Please…”

She waits for him to make the next move, because anything she does from here on could end very badly, for both of them.

Izuku blinks. Some of the panic fades from his eyes, but only some, and realization, awareness replaces it. He moves, slowly, painstakingly slowly, uncurling from his fetal position and sitting up, palms pressed flat against the tiled floor. He looks at her, face pale, scars standing out painfully against his skin.

Inko opens her arms to him, and he falls into them, his own arms going around her waist, head tucking under her chin. He doesn’t cry, but he trembles, and Inko strokes his hair and rocks them both back and forth.

The kittens find them eventually, too, and they make themselves comfortable, hopping into Inko’s lap and curling against Izuku’s stomach and chest. Inko barely notices them. The static in her ears and brain finally begins to dissipate as Izuku’s trembling slows, and eventually, it stops altogether, and Izuku’s breathing evens out.

This happens more often than Inko wants to think about, and even though she knows how to handle situations like this…

...That doesn’t make it any less painful. She squeezes Izuku tightly, resting her cheek on top of his head.

Another close call.

“Turn on the alarm, hurry! There’s a break--!”

“Stop it, right there--!”

“You won’t get away, we won’t let you--!”

A swing. A gurgle. Unconscious policemen. Alarms blaring as the new, half-blind, anger and hate driven prisoner escapes.

V e n g e a n c e
Notes:

    Find me on tumblr! :D <3

    Wellp I was a total bum and didn't respond to all your comments again ehjkshdkf. I'm sorry. I'll do my best to respond to them all this chapter, though! I'm just really tired right now and am seriously brain dead hejrkshkdf. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter, though! :D

    Also, I know it's pretty early on in the fic, but I have a Discord if you wanna scream at me on there! :D We have fun. :)

    Anyway, thank you all for your continued support!! More information re: Izuku, Izuku's Quirk, the likes, coming soon! :) Until next time, go beyond! PLUS ULTRA!!!

Chapter 4
Notes:

    SO MUCH ART THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!! :D

    theserpentinthesky

    embersiege

    blossom-2207

    subject2c

    paaam-judger

    kug-the-carrot

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

"I’m s-sorry, I’m sorry, I-I—”

“Hey, stop that, okay? Stop apologizing, it isn’t your fault. You’re getting better at aiming, you know! It barely grazed me—!”

“I-I don’t want to hurt you!” His voice is a high-pitched shriek. “I-I never wanted to hurt you, K-Ko-chan, I-I never wanted, I—I—I hate myse—!”

“Nonono, don’t say that!” She hugs him tightly, and when she pulls away, she’s smiling, trying to be reassuring. “I-I know you hate it now, and...and I hate it, too, but you’re getting really good with those knives! They’re like...they’re like little claws, you know? You’re like a cat! A little kitten!”

He blinks at her. “R-R...Really?”

“Of course!” She boops him on the nose lightly with a bandaged finger. “So, don’t hate yourself, okay? Please, for me.”

“...Okay. I won’t, Ko-chan.”

Inko cannot let Izuku get sick.

He gets sick a lot, due to his less-than-stellar health, but it’s the fevers that Inko has to avoid. Whenever Izuku shows any sign of a fever, she has to do literally whatever it takes to snuff it out.

And, right now, it feels like Izuku is getting a fever.

It makes sense, really; after last night, when he’d stress-vomited at least thrice and couldn’t get even an hour of decent sleep, it only made sense for him to get a stress fever. But even so, she can’t let it happen if she can help it. Bad things happen when Izuku is feverish, not just to her but to him, too, and she doesn’t want to put him through that. He goes through so much as it is.

She sits by him at his bedside, pressing her hand over a wet rag on his forehead. He’s curled in a fetal position on his side, chin nearly touching his knees; the kittens he’d brought home are curled with him, purring, and Inko is glad she’d decided to let Izuku keep them. Maybe their warmth helps.

She reaches over and settles her free hand on Izuku’s balled fist, biting her lip. His hand is cold—his hands are always cold—and she strokes her thumb along his white knuckles.

After a second or so, she removes her hand and reaches over. Izuku has a sheathed knife on the desk by his bed, and she grabs it, then turns back to her son. She uncurls his balled fist, then closes his fingers again around the hilt of the sheathed knife. Izuku’s fingers tighten around it immediately, and Inko rests her hand over his again.

When she checks his temperature later, she’s relieved to discover that Izuku was not getting a fever—or, if he had been, she’d been able to snuff it out before it got any worse.

She’s glad.

She’s going over papers in the living room when she hears a door open and close, and Izuku shuffles into the room, dark circles even more prominent than usual on his pale face beneath his tired eyes. He has a blue and white striped blanket pulled over his shoulders, and he’s holding a sheathed knife. The kittens (three of them—the other three must still be asleep) curl around his ankles, rubbing their heads against his legs.

Inko smiles softly (sadly) and scoots over a tad, patting the spot beside her on the couch. Izuku blinks at her for just a moment, but doesn’t hesitate; he quickens his steps and sinks down beside her on the couch, and when he knocks his head against her shoulder gently (an “okay”), she wraps an arm around him and threads her fingers through his hair.

(It’s mostly black again; Izuku will probably want to have the green re-done pretty soon.)

“Are you alright now?” Inko asks softly. She feels the smallest hint of static in her mind, though she doesn’t comment. It isn’t bad enough that she can’t push through it with ease.

Izuku pauses, then nods, the movement small and stiff. She waits another moment or two to see if he’ll continue, and when he doesn’t, she goes on.

“...Do you want to take the medicine, just in case?”

Izuku bites his lip for a long moment. Then, he nods feverishly, and Inko kisses his temple lightly before getting to her feet and heading into the kitchen.

When she returns with two small pills and a cup of water, the kittens are in Izuku’s lap, and he’s stroking his fingers through their fur gently, though he’s holding the hilt of his knife in a white-knuckled grip in his other hand. Inko sits beside him again; he takes the pills with the hand not holding the knife, then accepts the water to wash them down.

Inko sets the empty cup on the coffee table and wraps an arm around his shoulders again. With her other hand, she reaches out, and the kittens immediately raise their heads to investigate her hand.

“...Do you have names for them yet?” Inko asks quietly.

Izuku nods, some light returning to his exhausted eyes. Fluffy, he fingerspells, then points at one. Marshmallow, (he points to another), and Kittles. (He points at the last one.) The other three are Icy, Snickers, and Rainbow.

Inko smiles. “Those are good names,” she says, running her fingers through his hair again. Izuku nods in his own agreement, and Inko returns to the paperwork on the table, absentmindedly stroking Izuku’s hair.

He falls asleep eventually with his head on her shoulder, and she doesn’t dare move until he wakes up first.

“Stand aside, brat.”

“You can’t make him train today! He’s sick, you can’t make him do it today, please!”

The villain—a henchman—clicks his tongue. “Tch. Stupid girl. You’d better learn your place, or else—”

“Now, now…” A hand lands on the villain’s shoulder. “Didn’t you hear her? She said the boy is sick. We need to treat these children with respect.”

The henchman calms down, just a bit, then shrugs off the hand, spins around, and storms from the room. “Stupid brats…”

She bares her teeth at his retreating back.

It takes a couple of days before Izuku decides to go out again. It always does; after close calls like the one he’d had a few days ago, when he’d almost, almost lost control, he stays home for at least a couple of days.

“Are you sure you want to go out?” his mother asks. She isn’t worried, merely making sure he’s alright with it and not pressured by some self-set rule. “You can wait for a few more days too, if you’d like.”

Izuku shakes his head. “I’m fine,” he says (he’s back to talking again—his bouts of selective silence don’t generally last more than a few days). “I’ll come home if I need to.”

She nods. “Give me a call if you need me to come get you.”

Izuku nods back at her, pulling his hoodie over his head. This one is dark purple, almost black, with tiny swirls like galaxies throughout it. His hair only has a few streaks of green left in it now, leaving it mostly black, but for now, that’s fine; as much as he hates it, he can wait a few more days to get it re-done.

After making sure he has at least ten knives with him (keywords: at least) , he says one final goodbye to his mother and the six kittens, then heads out.

The first thing he notices when he’s outside is the pair of eyes watching him from between the blinds in the neighbor’s house.

Izuku frowns, tilting his head to one side; when the owner of the eyes realize they’ve been found out, they abort, snapping the blinds shut and hiding their faces. Izuku shrugs to himself, then turns and continues on his way. His mother has warned him about their “snooping neighbors”, and besides, he doesn’t want to affiliate himself with them (or anyone, really), anyway.

It’s a sunny day again, which is really nice. He doesn’t like the rain or the darkness, so these fair-weathered days are nothing short of a godsend. At least he doesn’t have to deal with rain or darkness today, on top of everything else…

Absentmindedly, he pulls his phone from his pocket and scrolls through the news. The first headline to meet his attention is, THE HERO, ALL MIGHT: SEVEN VILLAINS CAPTURED IN THREE HOURS! and he looks it over once or twice, then stuffs his phone back in his pocket.

Three hours, huh, Izuku thinks, continuing down on his way. That’s his time limit. Three hours. Guess he won’t be doing any more hero work today...

He keeps on down the sidewalk. He keeps his hood up, hands stuff in his pockets, fingers curled around hilts of his knives as he walks. He ignores the usual looks and finger points, and his feet carry him all the way to the park he and his mother frequent on good days.

Izuku passes a few kids playing catch with mothers and fathers; he doesn’t get any odd looks from people here, considering he looks like a ten year old and it’s after school, not to mention he keeps his hood over his head and his gaze pointed at his light-up shoes.

There’s a cherry blossom tree in the middle of the park; the branches are thin, allowing sunlight to stream through them and hit the grass below, and Izuku flops on the ground in the sun, hands folded on his stomach, eyes staring up at the sky.

A clear, blue sky. Sunlight. Warmth.

He shuts his eyes. He doesn’t fall asleep, merely rests.

Cherry blossoms fall on his face.

He sits up, shaking his head (his hood has fallen back), then reaching and picking up one of the blossoms. He examines it curiously for a moment or two, then raises his head.

There’s a little girl standing across from him, black hair flowing over her shoulders, wide eyes bearing into his. Izuku blinks at her twice in rapid session, then considers how he looks and shrinks backwards.

“S-Sorry,” he says immediately, reaching behind him for his hood, “ignore me, it’s fine—”

The girl doesn’t seem to notice; she points, wordlessly, into the tree over Izuku’s head, and Izuku leans back and looks.

There’s a frisbee stuck in the tree, caught on the edge of one of the branches.

Izuku blinks up at it, then looks back at the girl. She stares back at him, and then, they both raise their heads up at the frisbee again, then back down at each other.

Izuku points up at the frisbee. “Do you...want me to get that for you?”

The girl follows his finger with her eyes, then points up at the frisbee, too. Izuku blinks at her again—but then, he comes to a realization.

Can you hear me? he asks, using what Sign Language he and his mother had learned previously.

The girl’s eyes shine, and a brilliant smile lights up her face. She shakes her head feverishly, raising her own little hands and messily Signing.

No, she says. But, you know how to—

“H-Hey! Wait up!”

Izuku looks over her shoulder, and the girl follows his gaze and spins around. A kid races over, bright red hair spiked atop his head, looking frantic.

“Don’t run off like that!” he says to the girl, panting from the run over. “I—” He stops, raising his head to look at Izuku.

Izuku blinks at him. He blinks back. There are about thirty seconds in which that’s all they do.

And then the girl runs over to the stranger and tugs at his shirt. The kid looks at her, and she fingerspells, He Signs, slowly and precisely. The kid watches her, and it takes a few times, but then it clicks, and he “ohhhh” s in realization.

“Hey, you know Sign?” the kid asks, now looking at Izuku, and Izuku shrugs, making a little seesaw motion with his hand.

“A little,” he says. “My mom and I learned some a couple years ago.”

“Oh, man, this is great!” the stranger says, grinning. “Gosh, you have no idea what a relief this is. I bumped into her earlier at the train station, but I have no idea how to talk to her right. I’ve been, y’know…” He pulls out his phone and flips around the screen. “I found the alphabet, but, I mean…”

Izuku nods, looking at the girl again. You’re lost? he asks, and the girl nods. You’re deaf? Another nod. What’s your name?

Yatchi, the girl answers, and then, she looks up at the tree again—rather, at the frisbee still trapped in the branches. Izuku and the stranger both look up at once, the latter wincing.

“Ah, man,” he says, rubbing the back of his neck. “That’s pretty high up there…”

It’s stuck, the girl, Yatchi, announces, as though this is a conclusion she’s only just now coming to.

Izuku nods, and this time, he gets to his feet.

“I’ll get it down,” Izuku says simply, brushing a few blades of grass off his jeans. “Give me, like, ten seconds.”

“Give you ten— oh geez.”

Izuku doesn’t even use his knives; he grabs the closest branch and swings himself up into the tree.

He gets his feet underneath him and balances on the branch, then grabs the next highest one and pulls himself onto that, too. He isn’t heavy; with his size, his general lack of appetite, not to mention his health, he probably won’t ever be a healthy weight.

Right now, though, it works. The branches don’t snap beneath him, so that’s at least a good thing. Being unhealthy isn’t, but at least he won’t fall from the tree unless he does something stupid…

He continues to swing himself up, branch by branch. He doesn’t pull out his knives to climb; that’s not really something he wants to do right now, especially not in front of that little girl or the parents and their children at the park.

He gets to the frisbee sooner than expected, and he reaches out towards it with all his might, one hand curled around a branch to keep him steady, the other stretched out towards the frisbee. It’s on the edge of a branch, barely out of his reach; his fingertips graze it, but he can’t make it fall.

Crap.

He whips out a knife, just for a second, and knocks down the frisbee with it. He glances down as it falls; the girl rushes forward immediately to catch it, and by the time she raises her head to beam at him excitedly, Izuku has sheathed his knife and is already making his way back down the tree, hopping branch to branch.

His feet hit the ground, and he straightens up again, brushing himself off. Yatchi is beaming from ear to ear with a smile even more blinding than All Might’s, if that’s a thing that’s possible, and Izuku is glad.

“Whoa, that was really cool, actually,” the kid with red hair says, and Izuku turns to him, blinking. “Do you do that a lot? Climb trees, I mean.”

“No,” Izuku says, shrugging. “I just, I’m good at navigating.”

“Navigating?” the stranger repeats, blinking. “That’s...a nice word. How old are you, again?”

“Fifteen.”

A beat.

“WAIT,” the stranger says, eyes wide. “I thought you were, like, eleven!”

“I get that a lot,” Izuku says.

“Well, I’m sorry, then,” he says. “I’m Kirishima Ejirou, by the way. It’s nice to meet you.”

“Midoriya Izuku. Likewise.”

“Seriously, though,” Kirishima goes on, calming down some since his initial shock, “I swear, that was really dang cool. You were like some kind of alley cat, jumping around like that.”

“Oh, I know! I’ll call you Kitten! You’ll like that better than your real name, probably, right?”

Izuku swallows hard. “...Yeah.”

Yatchi waves a hand at him, and Izuku turns to her, blinking. Thank you, she says, still beaming, clutching the frisbee close.

Izuku nods. You’re welcome, he says, and then, he turns back to Kirishima. “You said she’s lost?”

Kirishima nods. “Yeah,” he says, rubbing the back of his neck. “I found her at the train station earlier. I think she got separated from her parents, or they got on a train without her. We waited there for a while, but, I mean, obviously we didn’t have any luck. I was on my way to the police station, but she wanted to stop for a little while, so, well...here we are.”

Izuku nods stiffly. “Would it help if, you know...if I stuck around for a while? Just until we find her parents?”

Kirishima sucks in a deep breath, then claps his hands together and bows his head, like he’s praying. He says, in a single rush of breath, “Please stick around and help me I can’t understand anything she’s trying to tell me.”

Izuku nods simply. It isn’t what he wants to do; he’d much rather be alone, be lying in the sun, maybe on his way home to snuggle his cats, but this is more important. He’ll stick around at least until he’s sure Yatchi gets home safely.

Yatchi rushes towards him and holds out the frisbee, practically pressing it into his hands, and Izuku looks back and forth between her and Kirishima, not really knowing what to do. Eventually, his fingers close around the frisbee, and Yatchi lets go of it and steps back.

We can play together, she says.

Izuku blinks.

“...She wants us to play frisbee,” Izuku says to Kirishima.

“Oh!” Kirishima snaps his fingers. “We can do that, yeah!”

“What kind of ‘mission’ is this?”

Izuku catches the frisbee in one hand, then sends it at Yatchi, who catches it with both hands over her head, beaming, then throws it (gracelessly) at Kirishima. Kirishima lunges forward, skidding on the ground with hands outstretched to catch it, and Yatchi laughs and points.

Kirishima tosses the frisbee to Izuku, who again tosses it to Yatchi, who again tosses it to Kirishima, and so on and so forth.

This is strange, Izuku thinks, catching it and sending it at Yatchi once more. His hood is still down, but so far, he hasn’t gotten any looks (or, maybe he has, and people have just been kind enough to avert their eyes and not draw attention to him). This is...really strange.

He’s so lost in thought that he almost misses the next time the frisbee is thrown at him, but his reflexes are fast enough that he catches it and sends it off to Yatchi in one smooth movement.

This is...really, really strange.

He’s never...done anything like this before. With his mom, yeah, once or twice (not very often, though; usually when they go to the park, all Izuku wants to do is lay in the sun), but this is...something totally different.

He’s never...done something like this with people his age before. He’s never hung out with other kids before.

“Here’s your initiation, my children. ...Kill him.”

Izuku throws the frisbee too hard and too long, almost like—

—almost like he’s throwing one of his knives—

Yatchi ducks beneath it, and it sails right over her head, far behind her, finally disappearing into the shadows of a small forest nearby. Yatchi gives Izuku this less-than-thrilled scowl, then spins around and chases after it.

Izuku actually has to catch his breath, sucking oxygen from between his gritted teeth once, twice, thrice—

“Hey, man, you okay?”

There’s a hand on his shoulder suddenly and Izuku whips around, and there’s blood in his ears and his heart is pounding and kill him he wants me to kill him I can’t kill him—

He snaps out of it as he reaches for one of his knives. The familiar feeling of his fingers curling around the hilt is what finally whips him back to the present where he belongs.

He forces himself to relax, forces himself to take a deep breath, recalls what his therapist told him. The danger is gone and cannot hurt him anymore. He’s alright here, where he is. He’s fine. He’s fine. He’s fine.

“Sorry,” Izuku gasps out, turning his head away. “Th-That was uncalled for.”

“No, it’s cool,” Kirishima says, though he seems just as shocked as Izuku, though his shock is laced with worry. “I shouldn’t have grabbed ya like that, that was my fault. You okay?”

“Yeah,” Izuku says, shaking his head with vigor, like he could somehow knock his feelings and memories out of there (he can’t). “Sorry, I...I have...problems.”

The only reason he isn’t sharpening a knife right now is because he isn’t sure what he’d do the moment he has a knife in his hand.

“Well, I mean…” Kirishima pauses, like he’s thinking about what to say. “You kinda look like you’ve been through hell, no offense.”

Well, at least it isn’t pity.

“Yeah, kinda have been,” Izuku says. “Anyway, I—I think we should go to the police station now. Have them find Yatchi’s parents.”

It’s hard to tell exactly what’s going through Kirishima’s mind right now, but he doesn’t argue, rather nodding. “Yeah, agreed,” he says. A second later, Yatchi returns with the frisbee, and when Izuku explains that they want to go ahead and find her parents, Yatchi smiles and nods, and they set off.

Yatchi skips between Kirishima and Izuku, her hand in Kirishima’s, the frisbee tucked under her arm. Her free hand sways at her side as she bounces, taking two steps for every one of Kirishima’s (Izuku, also, takes two steps for every one of Kirishima’s).

Unexpectedly, Yatchi slips her free hand into Izuku’s, and out of habit, Izuku flinches, but doesn’t pull away. It’s just a little girl, just a little girl, pull yourself together—

Just a little girl.

“Kowareta, my girl, why don’t  you go first?”

Izuku jerks his hand back, releasing Yatchi’s, and Yatchi gives him this sad, wide-eyed look, like he’d betrayed her in some horrible way.

Sorry, Izuku Signs quickly. My hands are cold. You probably don’t want to hold them anyway.

Yatchi doesn’t look any less betrayed, but she doesn’t try holding his hand again, which both hurts him and leaves him grateful.

They keep on towards the police station, and Izuku keeps his head down, hands now stuffed in his pockets where he can feel his knives against his knuckles. A few clouds have begun to roll in, which only adds to his gloom. Why can’t it just stay sunny, seriously, why—

He hears a whirring sound and a crunch of metal to his left.

Threat.

He leaps and tackles Yatchi and Kirishima to the ground, slamming what measly bodyweight he has against them. He takes them both down, hitting the asphalt, and an entire car flies out from the side street they’d passed a second ago, missing them just barely.

Izuku rolls with the fall and skids to his feet immediately, knives already flashing, one in each hand. Kirishima and Yatchi are still on the ground, but they’re out of danger for now. They watch, the three of them, as the car slams into the side of a building with more crunches and creaks of metal, and Izuku grits his teeth.

Screams fill his ears, and surrounding civilians begin to run, scrambling to get away from the disaster.

“What the hell!?” Kirishima gasps, scrambling to his feet alongside Izuku, pulling Yatchi up with him. Her eyes are wide, and she grasps at Kirishima’s forearms for purchase, holding tightly. “Holy—!”

Another car slams into the first one, and it explodes.

The shockwaves throw Izuku back off his feet, as well as Kirishima and Yatchi, and Izuku rolls twice before getting his feet underneath him again, skidding backwards slightly as his shoes scrape the asphalt. He grits his teeth into a snarl, eyes narrowed.

Threat.

There are fires now, along with the screaming, panicking civilians and the decimated vehicles still smashed in the side of the building.

Threat.

T h r eA t

“Get back!” Izuku shouts, running, shoes slamming into the asphalt. Multi-colored lights flash in the corners of his vision as he draws out two more knives, another one for each hand. Screams and the crackles of fire roar through his ears, feet pounding the ground in time with his racing heart.

He turns the corner sharply.

If his reflexes had been any slower, he would’ve had his head taken off by a car.

He dodges, grazed by some part of the crunched metal that used to be a vehicle. The gash on his arm is already bleeding, and it stings, but he’s had worse. He’s had so much worse.

He gets to his feet, eyes narrowed at the sight in front of him.

“Do you wanna die!?” Izuku barks. “Is that it!?”

The slime villain moves its one eye and white, white teeth on him, face curling into a grotesque grin. “So you finally get here,” the villain gurgles, slithering towards him. “I thought you might...you know, kid, you took something away from me under that bridge...my eye, my dignity…”

“You...literally tried using me as a skin suit,” Izuku says. “What did you expect me to do? Sing you a song?”

He clutches his knives, two in each hand, a little harder, and the villain looks appalled.

“That didn’t give you the right to stab me in the eye!” it shrieks in a gross, wretched gurgle. “You…” The villain’s body thrashes and writhes for a moment. “I’m...going...to kill you…”

“You already tried once,” Izuku says, crouching. “You really wanna lose that other eye?”

“Oh, I won’t fail this time,” the villain says, grinning at him. “This time, it’ll be you who loses.”

Izuku pounces. The villain springs at him likewise, laughing, actually laughing, and Izuku grits his teeth, hilts of his knives held between his fingers, ready to fly, itching to fly, itching to bury themselves in their target—

“You heard me, Kowareta. Kill him. Kill him and become who you’re meant to be.”

He snaps himself out of it quickly, a little scared of himself, because that train of thought was. Not. Good—

Izuku’s hesitation costs him. The knives fly, but the villain is able to slide its eye further down the slime on its body, and the knives sink harmlessly into it.

There’s a beat, a moment.

And then he’s drowning.

There’s a situation downtown. It’s...bad. It’s really bad, judging by the clips Toshinori saw on the news.

As it is now, he’s rushing for the scene as Toshinori, not All Might (he’d already used up his time today, dammit), just to see for himself. Heroes are on their way already to do what they can, but…

He has to make sure his hunch isn’t right. He has to make sure the villain hadn’t actually escaped—

Sirens whir as vehicles speed by him on the roads. The sky has turned black with smoke, and embers rise into the sky, only to be swallowed up by darkness.

Toshinori gets there; the area is already being blocked off by police, and a few heroes are on the scene, dragging injured civilians from buildings or vehicles, then bringing them to waiting paramedics.

“Hurry, we need reinforcements—!”

“I can’t fight in fires like this—!”

“Where’s the firetruck!?”

“The road conditions—!”

“There’s a kid, there’s a kid—!”

“YATCHI!! MIDORIYA!!”

The voice prevails through the others, and a kid comes barrelling down the street, whirling around frantically, looking this way and that, scared, horrified.

“MIDORIYA!!” he shouts again.

Midoriya.

“There’s a kid.”

Toshinori’s heart leaps into his throat.

“I won’t kill him!” She throws down the knife she’s been given. “I won’t kill him. I don’t care what you think is right or good, but I will not kill him!”

A chuckle, dark and deep.

“...Yes, that’s what I thought, too, my dear girl. ...You’re weak.”

Izuku is drowning.

He’s kicking and he’s thrashing and his lungs fill with liquid until he can’t breathe anymore, until his throat constricts and tightens and he can’t, he grips his knives tighter but he can’t fight anymore, he’s thrashing and fighting but anything he does now is p o i n t l e s s he’s going to d i e he’s going to f a i l—

And then it stops.

He hits the ground, coughing and hacking and bringing up whatever foreign fluid clogs his lungs and throat. His shaking fingers close around the hilts of his knives, palms bracing him against the ground, the cracked asphalt leaving scrapes on his knees through his jeans.

His head snaps up a second later. The slime villain isn’t looking at him anymore, rather smiling, grinning, at someone at the end of the alleyway.

Yatchi. Hands outstretched, hands dripping wet. Her eyes are wide and scared, but she doesn’t back down, she doesn’t run, she…

“Well, well, well,” the slime villain says, slithering towards her slowly. Izuku finally stops hurling and his mind starts ticking like a bomb, and he tightens his grips around his knives and, “a water Quirk...how fascinating…”

And—

—Stay away, stay away, stop, stop, stop stop stop stop stop stop stop—

The villain pounces on her, and her screams cut through Izuku’s mind like a chainsaw.

“No! Stay away from her! Ko-chan!” He’s screaming, he’s thrashing, he’s being physically restrained by several villains cuffing his forearms, dragging him back. “Ko-chan! KO-CHAN!”

Ko-chan is reaching for him, the ringleader of this whole operation grasping her upper arm, keeping her from escaping. “Kitten—!”

Their fingertips brush, but then they’re yanked away from each other, and fingers are settled over Ko-chan’s face and tears stream down her cheeks, she’s scared she’s scared she’s so scared—

“KO-CHAN!” He screams and thrashes but it’s not enough, it’s not enough, he’s never enough. “KOWARETA!!”

There’s a sound. A crack. A crunch. A snap. Ko-chan’s screams tear through his ears, and blood splatters the walls and floors and she crumples to the ground, eyes wide and unseeing, and there’s blood beneath her and around her and—

Yatchi is still screaming and thrashing and the villain is laughing, he’s laughing, he’s killing her, and for a second Yatchi’s figure flickers, and it isn’t Yatchi anymore but Ko-chan, it’s Ko-chan screaming and then it’s Yatchi again, scared eyes, terrified, dying, being killed—

Izuku’s mind fills with static. His entire body goes numb. In the back of his mind he hears words, he feels it, a voice that is his but also isn’t.

 D͎̰̼͇̎͐͐ͮ̈́O͎̬̥̲̫ͣ̋͒́̂̽̉ ̲̗̥͖̈́̂̓I̤̱̫͍͙ͪ̅́̉ͥ̚ͅT̥̭̖͓̅ͣͥ̀ͩͅ.͕̤̱̣̪̪͓̿ ̗̲̪͓̭̎D̹̟̺̦͖̬Ȏ̰̮̠͉̥ͧ́ ̇ͯ̔̋͋I͓̙̟͍͑̋͑̈T̪̆͑.͈̳̄̈́̌̍̔͗ ̗̗͎̈̃̐̈D̥̘͍̰̻̪̲̊̔O̞͎̟͉͒ͅ ̪ͯͮ̏̚I͍̻̳̭̩̖ͧ̽ͦ̍͊T̆̾.̼͎͕͚̿͌͗̈́̐

D͎̰̼͇̎͐͐ͮ̈́O͎̬̥̲̫ͣ̋͒́̂̽̉ ̲̗̥͖̈́̂̓I̤̱̫͍͙ͪ̅́̉ͥ̚ͅT̥̭̖͓̅ͣͥ̀ͩͅ.͕̤̱̣̪̪͓̿ ̗̲̪͓̭̎D̹̟̺̦͖̬Ȏ̰̮̠͉̥ͧ́ ̇ͯ̔̋͋I͓̙̟͍͑̋͑̈T̪̆͑.͈̳̄̈́̌̍̔͗ ̗̗͎̈̃̐̈D̥̘͍̰̻̪̲̊̔O̞͎̟͉͒ͅ ̪ͯͮ̏̚I͍̻̳̭̩̖ͧ̽ͦ̍͊T̆̾.̼͎͕͚̿͌͗̈́̐

And then, louder. Getting louder. Filling his mind, blanking out any other thought.

 D͎̰̼͇̎͐͐ͮ̈́ O͎̬̥̲̫ͣ̋͒́̂̽̉ ̲̗̥͖̈́̂̓I̤̱̫͍͙ͪ̅́̉ͥ̚ͅT̥̭̖͓̅ͣͥ̀ͩͅ.͕̤̱̣̪̪͓̿ ̗̲̪͓̭̎D̹̟̺̦͖̬Ȏ̰̮̠͉̥ͧ́ ̇ͯ̔̋͋I͓̙̟͍͑̋͑̈T̪̆͑ .͈̳̄̈́̌̍̔͗ ̗̗͎̈̃̐̈D̥̘͍̰̻̪̲̊̔O̞͎̟͉͒ͅ ̪ͯͮ̏̚I͍̻̳̭̩̖ͧ̽ͦ̍͊T̆̾.̼͎͕͚̿͌͗̈́̐

D͎̰̼͇̎͐͐ͮ̈́ O͎̬̥̲̫ͣ̋͒́̂̽̉ ̲̗̥͖̈́̂̓I̤̱̫͍͙ͪ̅́̉ͥ̚ͅT̥̭̖͓̅ͣͥ̀ͩͅ.͕̤̱̣̪̪͓̿ ̗̲̪͓̭̎ D̹̟̺̦͖̬ Ȏ̰̮̠͉̥ͧ́ ̇ͯ̔̋͋I͓̙̟͍͑̋͑̈T̪̆͑.͈̳̄̈́̌̍̔͗ ̗̗͎̈̃̐̈ D̥̘͍̰̻̪̲̊̔O̞͎̟͉͒ͅ ̪ͯͮ̏̚I͍̻̳̭̩̖ͧ̽ͦ̍͊T̆̾.̼͎͕͚̿͌͗̈́̐

Around him, the world blurs. Izuku narrows his eyes, a stinging burn in his chest, but he ignores it, the pain drowned out by thoughts of, I want to save her, I want to save her, I want to save her, I have to save her, I won’t lose anyone else, I can’t lose anyone else.

I won’t let anyone else...  

D͎̰̼͇̎͐͐ͮ̈́O͎̬̥̲̫ͣ̋͒́̂̽̉ ̲̗̥͖̈́̂̓I̤̱̫͍͙ͪ̅́̉ͥ̚ͅT̥̭̖͓̅ͣͥ̀ͩͅ.͕̤̱̣̪̪͓̿ ̗̲̪͓̭̎D̹̟̺̦͖̬Ȏ̰̮̠͉̥ͧ́ ̇ͯ̔̋͋I͓̙̟͍͑̋͑̈T̪̆͑.͈̳̄̈́̌̍̔͗ ̗̗͎̈̃̐̈D̥̘͍̰̻̪̲̊̔O̞͎̟͉͒ͅ ̪ͯͮ̏̚I͍̻̳̭̩̖ͧ̽ͦ̍͊T̆̾.̼͎͕͚̿͌͗̈́̐

D͎̰̼͇̎͐͐ͮ̈́O͎̬̥̲̫ͣ̋͒́̂̽̉ ̲̗̥͖̈́̂̓I̤̱̫͍͙ͪ̅́̉ͥ̚ͅT̥̭̖͓̅ͣͥ̀ͩͅ.͕̤̱̣̪̪͓̿ ̗̲̪͓̭̎D̹̟̺̦͖̬Ȏ̰̮̠͉̥ͧ́ ̇ͯ̔̋͋I͓̙̟͍͑̋͑̈T̪̆͑.͈̳̄̈́̌̍̔͗ ̗̗͎̈̃̐̈D̥̘͍̰̻̪̲̊̔O̞͎̟͉͒ͅ ̪ͯͮ̏̚I͍̻̳̭̩̖ͧ̽ͦ̍͊T̆̾.̼͎͕͚̿͌͗̈́̐

He narrows his eyes, a burn in his chest.

T̷̳̳̲̥̩̊̉̆̍ȟ̸̷̰̝͎̫͎̮̱͓̼͂͌ͨͧ̏ͫi̵̛̻̖ͮ̏͆͗̐s̶͈̜̗ͤ͐ ̣͇̏̌ͩ͊͜͝ͅį͓̰͇͙̮̰͙ͦ̍̏ͭ̓ͩ̅̋͝͡ŝ̲̲̳͇̥ͣ͆͆ͧ͑͐ ̻͓̫̃̍͊̐͋̓͘͜ͅw̵͕͇͖̭͈̒̇͗̔̿͐̎̕͜h͎̻̱̠ͯ̄ͨͨ̄͊͠ö̴̰̪̳͎͙̘́̓̓̆̉͒̐̂ͅ ͓͈͚͇̲͚͓̞̌͆͋͌ͤ͢͜͟y͍͉͈̘̳̍ͣ̌ͧͣ͊̕͞͡ͅo̧̼͉̻̅́u̾̑͏̸̛̹ ͕̥̰̝͈͕̠̤̿͑ͩ͌̏͢à̵̶̻̺͒ͩ̽̈́ͣ͆ͣ̕r̳̫̔̊ͮ̏͡e͚̥͇̥͔͍̳̳͇ͨ͗̑ͪ͊͊̒͂ͬ͘.̯͇̻̞̞͓ͫ́̽͊̽̌͑ ̢̣̺͖̘̤͙̭̤ͩ̋T̵͍̮̝̟̰̓̅ͮ̉̊̅ḥ̴̳̮͆͗ͬ͝i̮͖̹͔͗́͊̊ͦs̳̳̣͓͂͠ ̶̝͎͍͇͇̥̫́̀ͪ͂̓̌̾̚i̸͈̫̭͚̊ͮͣ̃̆̌̈͆ͯ͟s̸̥͎̞̜̐ͮ̀̎͂͂̎̓ ̢̫̩͙̠̼̊̋́ͅw̸̮̱̔̂͛ͤͅẖ̞͈̣͖̟̥͎̞ͬ̑ͣ́̚̚á̧̮ͫ̾̌ͫ͝ť̼̹͚̼̙̩̥̍͋̍͛ͩ̚͝ ̘̽̓̂y̵̘̫̟̰̪̬̩͂̄ͧ̆̿ͨ͊̓̕͡ͅo̤̩͙̺̪̳̞͍̝͐̄̆̓͆͆͝ư̙̫͈̼̭͉̼̽̔ͥ̎͟ ͓̥̹̮͔̪̬͎̦͒ͥͪ̉́̚a̶̢̫͉ͩ̏̆̈̽r̻̬̭̘̓̌̉̈̋ͭ̽̎̔͠ȅ͎̙̖͎̱͖̫͖ͨͤ.̂͆̈̑̈́̋̚҉͖̙͈̜͇̲̯̝͖͢͝ ̔ͥ͑̽̏͏͎̩ͅ

 

T̷̳̳̲̥̩̊̉̆̍ȟ̸̷̰̝͎̫͎̮̱͓̼͂͌ͨͧ̏ͫi̵̛̻̖ͮ̏͆͗̐s̶͈̜̗ͤ͐ ̣͇̏̌ͩ͊͜͝ͅį͓̰͇͙̮̰͙ͦ̍̏ͭ̓ͩ̅̋͝͡ŝ̲̲̳͇̥ͣ͆͆ͧ͑͐ ̻͓̫̃̍͊̐͋̓͘͜ͅw̵͕͇͖̭͈̒̇͗̔̿͐̎̕͜h͎̻̱̠ͯ̄ͨͨ̄͊͠ö̴̰̪̳͎͙̘́̓̓̆̉͒̐̂ͅ ͓͈͚͇̲͚͓̞̌͆͋͌ͤ͢͜͟y͍͉͈̘̳̍ͣ̌ͧͣ͊̕͞͡ͅo̧̼͉̻̅́u̾̑͏̸̛̹ ͕̥̰̝͈͕̠̤̿͑ͩ͌̏͢à̵̶̻̺͒ͩ̽̈́ͣ͆ͣ̕r̳̫̔̊ͮ̏͡e͚̥͇̥͔͍̳̳͇ͨ͗̑ͪ͊͊̒͂ͬ͘.̯͇̻̞̞͓ͫ́̽͊̽̌͑ ̢̣̺͖̘̤͙̭̤ͩ̋T̵͍̮̝̟̰̓̅ͮ̉̊̅ḥ̴̳̮͆͗ͬ͝i̮͖̹͔͗́͊̊ͦs̳̳̣͓͂͠ ̶̝͎͍͇͇̥̫́̀ͪ͂̓̌̾̚i̸͈̫̭͚̊ͮͣ̃̆̌̈͆ͯ͟s̸̥͎̞̜̐ͮ̀̎͂͂̎̓ ̢̫̩͙̠̼̊̋́ͅw̸̮̱̔̂͛ͤͅẖ̞͈̣͖̟̥͎̞ͬ̑ͣ́̚̚á̧̮ͫ̾̌ͫ͝ť̼̹͚̼̙̩̥̍͋̍͛ͩ̚͝ ̘̽̓̂y̵̘̫̟̰̪̬̩͂̄ͧ̆̿ͨ͊̓̕͡ͅo̤̩͙̺̪̳̞͍̝͐̄̆̓͆͆͝ư̙̫͈̼̭͉̼̽̔ͥ̎͟ ͓̥̹̮͔̪̬͎̦͒ͥͪ̉́̚a̶̢̫͉ͩ̏̆̈̽r̻̬̭̘̓̌̉̈̋ͭ̽̎̔͠ȅ͎̙̖͎̱͖̫͖ͨͤ.̂͆̈̑̈́̋̚҉͖̙͈̜͇̲̯̝͖͢͝ ̔ͥ͑̽̏͏͎̩ͅ

 

T̷̳̳̲̥̩̊̉̆̍ȟ̸̷̰̝͎̫͎̮̱͓̼͂͌ͨͧ̏ͫi̵̛̻̖ͮ̏͆͗̐s̶͈̜̗ͤ͐ ̣͇̏̌ͩ͊͜͝ͅį͓̰͇͙̮̰͙ͦ̍̏ͭ̓ͩ̅̋͝͡ŝ̲̲̳͇̥ͣ͆͆ͧ͑͐ ̻͓̫̃̍͊̐͋̓͘͜ͅw̵͕͇͖̭͈̒̇͗̔̿͐̎̕͜h͎̻̱̠ͯ̄ͨͨ̄͊͠ö̴̰̪̳͎͙̘́̓̓̆̉͒̐̂ͅ ͓͈͚͇̲͚͓̞̌͆͋͌ͤ͢͜͟y͍͉͈̘̳̍ͣ̌ͧͣ͊̕͞͡ͅo̧̼͉̻̅́u̾̑͏̸̛̹ ͕̥̰̝͈͕̠̤̿͑ͩ͌̏͢à̵̶̻̺͒ͩ̽̈́ͣ͆ͣ̕r̳̫̔̊ͮ̏͡e͚̥͇̥͔͍̳̳͇ͨ͗̑ͪ͊͊̒͂ͬ͘.̯͇̻̞̞͓ͫ́̽͊̽̌͑S̢̫͉̠͎̺͓̙ͭ̑ͬ͌̆͘͟a̛͕̠̟͉̟̙͕̭̳͑͑ͬ̇̊͞v̛̩̫̎̒ͮ͋ͪͤe̥͖͚̱͔ͫ̂ ͖̤̳͇̰͈̣̏ͯ̽̔̿͘ẖ̲̻͎͇̘̬̝ͫ̄ͣ͌ͧ̕e̸̷͉̘͍̘̺̰͆ͨ͞r̜̼̰͙͎̥͉ͪ̐̒ͭͦͧͯ͊̕ ̢̣̺͖̘̤͙̭̤ͩ̋T̵͍̮̝̟̰̓̅ͮ̉̊̅ḥ̴̳̮͆͗ͬ͝i̮͖̹͔͗́͊̊ͦs̳̳̣͓͂͠ ̶̝͎͍͇͇̥̫́̀ͪ͂̓̌̾̚i̸͈̫̭͚̊ͮͣ̃̆̌̈͆ͯ͟s̸̥͎̞̜̐ͮ̀̎͂͂̎̓ ̢̫̩͙̠̼̊̋́ͅw̸̮̱̔̂͛ͤͅẖ̞͈̣͖̟̥͎̞ͬ̑ͣ́̚̚á̧̮ͫ̾̌ͫ͝ť̼̹͚̼̙̩̥̍͋̍͛ͩ̚͝ ̘̽̓̂y̵̘̫̟̰̪̬̩͂̄ͧ̆̿ͨ͊̓̕͡ͅo̤̩͙̺̪̳̞͍̝͐̄̆̓͆͆͝ư̙̫͈̼̭͉̼̽̔ͥ̎͟ ͓̥̹̮͔̪̬͎̦͒ͥͪ̉́̚a̶̢̫͉ͩ̏̆̈̽r̻̬̭̘̓̌̉̈̋ͭ̽̎̔͠ȅ͎̙̖͎̱͖̫͖ͨͤ.̂͆̈̑̈́̋̚҉͖̙͈̜͇̲̯̝͖͢͝ ̔ͥ͑̽̏͏͎̩ͅ

 

T̷̳̳̲̥̩̊̉̆̍ȟ̸̷̰̝͎̫͎̮̱͓̼͂͌ͨͧ̏ͫi̵̛̻̖ͮ̏͆͗̐s̶͈̜̗ͤ͐ ̣͇̏̌ͩ͊͜͝ͅį͓̰͇͙̮̰͙ͦ̍̏ͭ̓ͩ̅̋͝͡ŝ̲̲̳͇̥ͣ͆͆ͧ͑͐ ̻͓̫̃̍͊̐͋̓͘͜ͅw̵͕͇͖̭͈̒̇͗̔̿͐̎̕͜h͎̻̱̠ͯ̄ͨͨ̄͊͠ö̴̰̪̳͎͙̘́̓̓̆̉͒̐̂ͅ ͓͈͚͇̲͚͓̞̌͆͋͌ͤ͢͜͟y͍͉͈̘̳̍ͣ̌ͧͣ͊̕͞͡ͅo̧̼͉̻̅́u̾̑͏̸̛̹ ͕̥̰̝͈͕̠̤̿͑ͩ͌̏͢à̵̶̻̺͒ͩ̽̈́ͣ͆ͣ̕r̳̫̔̊ͮ̏͡e͚̥͇̥͔͍̳̳͇ͨ͗̑ͪ͊͊̒͂ͬ͘.̯͇̻̞̞͓ͫ́̽͊̽̌͑S̢̫͉̠͎̺͓̙ͭ̑ͬ͌̆͘͟a̛͕̠̟͉̟̙͕̭̳͑͑ͬ̇̊͞v̛̩̫̎̒ͮ͋ͪͤe̥͖͚̱͔ͫ̂ ͖̤̳͇̰͈̣̏ͯ̽̔̿͘ẖ̲̻͎͇̘̬̝ͫ̄ͣ͌ͧ̕e̸̷͉̘͍̘̺̰͆ͨ͞r̜̼̰͙͎̥͉ͪ̐̒ͭͦͧͯ͊̕ ̢̣̺͖̘̤͙̭̤ͩ̋T̵͍̮̝̟̰̓̅ͮ̉̊̅ḥ̴̳̮͆͗ͬ͝i̮͖̹͔͗́͊̊ͦs̳̳̣͓͂͠ ̶̝͎͍͇͇̥̫́̀ͪ͂̓̌̾̚i̸͈̫̭͚̊ͮͣ̃̆̌̈͆ͯ͟s̸̥͎̞̜̐ͮ̀̎͂͂̎̓ ̢̫̩͙̠̼̊̋́ͅw̸̮̱̔̂͛ͤͅẖ̞͈̣͖̟̥͎̞ͬ̑ͣ́̚̚á̧̮ͫ̾̌ͫ͝ť̼̹͚̼̙̩̥̍͋̍͛ͩ̚͝ ̘̽̓̂y̵̘̫̟̰̪̬̩͂̄ͧ̆̿ͨ͊̓̕͡ͅo̤̩͙̺̪̳̞͍̝͐̄̆̓͆͆͝ư̙̫͈̼̭͉̼̽̔ͥ̎͟ ͓̥̹̮͔̪̬͎̦͒ͥͪ̉́̚a̶̢̫͉ͩ̏̆̈̽r̻̬̭̘̓̌̉̈̋ͭ̽̎̔͠ȅ͎̙̖͎̱͖̫͖ͨͤ.̂͆̈̑̈́̋̚҉͖̙͈̜͇̲̯̝͖͢͝ ̔ͥ͑̽̏͏͎̩ͅ

 

S̢̫͉̠͎̺͓̙ͭ̑ͬ͌̆͘͟a̛͕̠̟͉̟̙͕̭̳͑͑ͬ̇̊͞v̛̩̫̎̒ͮ͋ͪͤe̥͖͚̱͔ͫ̂ ͖̤̳͇̰͈̣̏ͯ̽̔̿͘ẖ̲̻͎͇̘̬̝ͫ̄ͣ͌ͧ̕e̸̷͉̘͍̘̺̰͆ͨ͞r̜̼̰͙͎̥͉ͪ̐̒ͭͦͧͯ͊̕ T̷̳̳̲̥̩̊̉̆̍ȟ̸̷̰̝͎̫͎̮̱͓̼͂͌ͨͧ̏ͫi̵̛̻̖ͮ̏͆͗̐s̶͈̜̗ͤ͐ ̣͇̏̌ͩ͊͜͝ͅį͓̰͇͙̮̰͙ͦ̍̏ͭ̓ͩ̅̋͝͡ŝ̲̲̳͇̥ͣ͆͆ͧ͑͐ ̻͓̫̃̍͊̐͋̓͘͜ͅw̵͕͇͖̭͈̒̇͗̔̿͐̎̕͜h͎̻̱̠ͯ̄ͨͨ̄͊͠ö̴̰̪̳͎͙̘́̓̓̆̉͒̐̂ͅ ͓͈͚͇̲͚͓̞̌͆͋͌ͤ͢͜͟y͍͉͈̘̳̍ͣ̌ͧͣ͊̕͞͡ͅo̧̼͉̻̅́u̾̑͏̸̛̹ ͕̥̰̝͈͕̠̤̿͑ͩ͌̏͢à̵̶̻̺͒ͩ̽̈́ͣ͆ͣ̕r̳̫̔̊ͮ̏͡e͚̥͇̥͔͍̳̳͇ͨ͗̑ͪ͊͊̒͂ͬ͘.̯͇̻̞̞͓ͫ́̽͊̽̌͑S̢̫͉̠͎̺͓̙ͭ̑ͬ͌̆͘͟a̛͕̠̟͉̟̙͕̭̳͑͑ͬ̇̊͞v̛̩̫̎̒ͮ͋ͪͤe̥͖͚̱͔ͫ̂ ͖̤̳͇̰͈̣̏ͯ̽̔̿͘ẖ̲̻͎͇̘̬̝ͫ̄ͣ͌ͧ̕e̸̷͉̘͍̘̺̰͆ͨ͞r̜̼̰͙͎̥͉ͪ̐̒ͭͦͧͯ͊̕ ̢̣̺͖̘̤͙̭̤ͩ̋T̵͍̮̝̟̰̓̅ͮ̉̊̅ḥ̴̳̮͆͗ͬ͝i̮͖̹͔͗́͊̊ͦs̳̳̣͓͂͠ ̶̝͎͍͇͇̥̫́̀ͪ͂̓̌̾̚i̸͈̫̭͚̊ͮͣ̃̆̌̈͆ͯ͟s̸̥͎̞̜̐ͮ̀̎͂͂̎̓ ̢̫̩͙̠̼̊̋́ͅw̸̮̱̔̂͛ͤͅẖ̞͈̣͖̟̥͎̞ͬ̑ͣ́̚̚á̧̮ͫ̾̌ͫ͝ť̼̹͚̼̙̩̥̍͋̍͛ͩ̚͝ ̘̽̓̂y̵̘̫̟̰̪̬̩͂̄ͧ̆̿ͨ͊̓̕͡ͅo̤̩͙̺̪̳̞͍̝͐̄̆̓͆͆͝ư̙̫͈̼̭͉̼̽̔ͥ̎͟ ͓̥̹̮͔̪̬͎̦͒ͥͪ̉́̚a̶̢̫͉ͩ̏̆̈̽r̻̬̭̘̓̌̉̈̋ͭ̽̎̔͠ȅ͎̙̖͎̱͖̫͖ͨͤ.̂͆̈̑̈́̋̚҉͖̙͈̜͇̲̯̝͖͢͝ ̔ͥ͑̽̏͏͎̩ͅS̢̫͉̠͎̺͓̙ͭ̑ͬ͌̆͘͟a̛͕̠̟͉̟̙͕̭̳͑͑ͬ̇̊͞v̛̩̫̎̒ͮ͋ͪͤe̥͖͚̱͔ͫ̂ ͖̤̳͇̰͈̣̏ͯ̽̔̿͘ẖ̲̻͎͇̘̬̝ͫ̄ͣ͌ͧ̕e̸̷͉̘͍̘̺̰͆ͨ͞r̜̼̰͙͎̥͉ͪ̐̒ͭͦͧͯ͊̕

 

S̴̢̼̭̹̘̹̻̩͍̼̖̯͍͑̏͛̂̇͂͝Á̧̐ͮͤ̃̈̉̑ͥ͟͝҉̴̠̦̳͇̯̭̮̲̞̘ͅV̶̸͓̙̪̮͒̎ͫ̅̅̍͑͂̒͂̍ͥ̾ͦ̕Ȅ̋̒͌ͬͨ̐̄̍̈̎҉͘҉̼̝̺̼̲̦̮̻̮̝̭ ͇̥̮̜͕͎̦̲͇̉̑̓̿̎͛̉̑͘͠ͅH̛͐ͪ̂ͤ͒͐̆ͣ͐ͪͮͭ͂̏̍̎̈́͠͏̺͕̮̝͕͈͖̥̜̣̦̼̥̼E̗͔͙̬̜̜̦͔͍͓̘̺̝͍͍̺̗̽͛̆͂̊̏̈́̄ͥ͊͜͞ͅR̶̴̸͔̙̺̣͓̤͕͕̪͆̉ͫ̏͐̔̌̓ͧ͗̔̊ͧ̒͑ T̡̰̣̱̺͔̪͔͚̹̙̼͈̙̤͓̗ͤ͂͌͑̓̃͜͠h̵͉̱͇̼̼̜͍͖̻̳̟̙̞̖̱ͧͬ̓̃̅̚į̡͓̦̗̮̪̦̮͉̬̬ͥ͋ͫͥ̆̆ͨ̌ͥ̓ͤͤ̂̚͟s̡̲̲̝̬͑̐̏ͭͧ̄̑͒̿̍͐́ͤ͑ ̢̧̩̦͖̣̥̲͖̖̝͚̱̰͉͎͍̐͐͐͐ͪ̂͒̐̈́̈ͤ͆͜į̐͑̐̎̄ͧ̓̆ͤͮ͒̚҉̩͓̟̱̭s̵̗̯͕̟͙̲͙̟͓͓͈̩̻͈̭ͧ̂̎͗̄ͧ̄ͤ̆̊̑ͮ͗̓ͣ̀ͨ ̵̧̨̼͉̫͇̻̘͈̖̯̲̤̭͙̽̓ͥͫͯ͛̋̒͋͗̀ͫ͞͡w̸̷ͫ͆̐́̐͆ͧͩ̓̂ͯ̌͌͆͘͜͏̜̦̗̜͖̮̹̥ͅh̷͇͕̪̺͍͓̰̫̠͖̫̤͉̯̦̺̽̆̌̓ͮͯ̀̎̑̒̓̈͊̑̿o̷̵̢̘̦͈̘̳̲̝̠͓̤̲̫̼̺͙̺̣̔̿̂͒̊̿̍ͮ̍͘ͅ ̶̧͔͓̮͔̝̘͙̠̮̤͕̪̻̻̮͖͕̬ͭ͋̓̊ͯͣ̏̂̂̌͟ỳ̷̵̶̢̡̜̱͕̖̼͉̪̮̗͖̬̥̯̺̫̤̣͛ͩͪoͮ̎͂̋̎̌͂͢͡҉͚͕̼̬̲͕̬͍̬̻̝̫͓̟̤̲u̢̪̳̥̫̭̝̘̺͂̂̆̓̇͐̽̈̊͊ͧ̍͘͘͢͟ͅ ̸͎̼͚̼̹͉͚̺̼̳͍̮̙̭̙̯̮̜̖͋ͣ͊ͣ̉ͥ̑ͥ̾̈́͢ä̴̮͙͓̩͈͚͈͔͈̟͙͈̲͍͚͉̙̙́͒ͫ̅̉͑͛̿ͭ̌ͬ̽̋̕͜͡r̵̅ͪ̿̌ͫ̿̏ͭ͞͏̱̦̱̬̺̮̺̹͙̠̜̰̹̰̼͔e̐ͯͫ͆ͣͤͤ́̍ͯ͒҉̨̧̼͍͍̩͔͍̞̖͙̱̖̬̝͚͈̕ S̴̢̼̭̹̘̹̻̩͍̼̖̯͍͑̏͛̂̇͂͝Á̧̐ͮͤ̃̈̉̑ͥ͟͝҉̴̠̦̳͇̯̭̮̲̞̘ͅV̶̸͓̙̪̮͒̎ͫ̅̅̍͑͂̒͂̍ͥ̾ͦ̕Ȅ̋̒͌ͬͨ̐̄̍̈̎҉͘҉̼̝̺̼̲̦̮̻̮̝̭ ͇̥̮̜͕͎̦̲͇̉̑̓̿̎͛̉̑͘͠ͅH̛͐ͪ̂ͤ͒͐̆ͣ͐ͪͮͭ͂̏̍̎̈́͠͏̺͕̮̝͕͈͖̥̜̣̦̼̥̼E̗͔͙̬̜̜̦͔͍͓̘̺̝͍͍̺̗̽͛̆͂̊̏̈́̄ͥ͊͜͞ͅR̶̴̸͔̙̺̣͓̤͕͕̪͆̉ͫ̏͐̔̌̓ͧ͗̔̊ͧ̒͑ .̡̜̝̲͉͚̭̗̻͇̪̪̫̞͋̾͗͊̕͜͝ͅ ̶̴̢̛͔̦̱̖̰͊ͬͯ̾ͮͯ͆̒́̒̀͌̀͊́͆͠ͅT̰̬̻̙̘̺͓̠͍̦͓̞͍̭̄̋̆̏ͪͪ͗̃̏̿ͨ́͢h̸͖̘̪̥͓ͭ̓͒ͤ̆ͨ̌͑͆̌̅͞͠i̸͉̹͔͖̥̩̩͆͐̇̃̈́̍ͮ͊ͥ̀ͯ͗̊͡s̲̫̞̳͇̲̹̭̯̮͙̉͂̅ͥͨͪ͆ͩ̍̈̃̚͡ ͮ̊̍͋ͥ̾ͯ̉ͮ́̅͐̑̈̒̔͏̷̵̢͉̻̼͇͇̖̱̘̪͎͖̺̜̰i̢ͩ͊̂ͥ̒̈́͐̑ͫͬͮ̿ͫ̽͜҉̴̹̼͈͉̞̱s̳̠̣͔̪͙̘̘ͫ̀͂ͨ̕͝͝ͅ ̨̩̫̼͎̳͎͉͍̙͉̊̈̓ͪ̀ͫͨ͐ͣ͘͠wͦͦ̏͐ͨͧ̋̉̓͌͂̃̃͋̐ͪ̏̾̈͡҉̢͖̭̱͇̣̦̗̕h̫̪̰̖̬͍̳͂ͯͭ̌̓̉̌͒͗̈̂ͤ̉̕͝ͅa̢͈̟̜̺̙̦͚͖͖̬͈̤̭̜̘̞͕͌̾̊̔ͬ̔̓͆̅͜ͅt̼̙͇̜̤͚̦̣͕͙̜͕̬̻͕̦͈̪͖͛ͫ̊̓̑͘͡͞͡ ̸̧̫̲̘̠̹̤̻̭̥̿ͤ̎̎͊̈̓ͯ̓̑ͫ̇͢͜͡y̸̨̥̥̩̲̝̞̭̝͔̘̝̱̱̭͙̥̾̓̆̔̌̉͑̈̏̓̂̑ͯͫ͛ͨ͛͘o̢̪̦̙͔͇̖͚̲̺̫̣̤̳̓̐͂̔͆̀̽̾̓ͩ̎͌̋͌͟u̵̷͓͓͚̳̝̙̯̪͇̞̦͉͔̱͙͓̭ͬ̌̈̓͐̒̐ͨ͂̍ͯ͌̍͠ͅ ̨̮̖̘͙̠̯͖͈̮̉͐͐͛͒̈́̊̇̒̿͂͐͂ͥ̿͜͜ͅą̗̜̗̩͍̳̞̺̮̻̹̦̳̞͊͊ͬ̑̿͆r̶̞̣͉̰̭̖̬̣ͧͨ̀͒̅̿̓͠e̥̬̼͕̬̦̮̟͚̞̪̝̯̥̣̬̬̲̅̏ͥ̋͛͆ͨ̅͋͢͡.̴̷̡͓͓̭̮̩ͥ̽ͦ̒̃͞ ̸̨̨̮͈̼͒̋ͥͣͤ̉͌̒̾̈́̕ S̴̢̼̭̹̘̹̻̩͍̼̖̯͍͑̏͛̂̇͂͝Á̧̐ͮͤ̃̈̉̑ͥ͟͝҉̴̠̦̳͇̯̭̮̲̞̘ͅV̶̸͓̙̪̮͒̎ͫ̅̅̍͑͂̒͂̍ͥ̾ͦ̕Ȅ̋̒͌ͬͨ̐̄̍̈̎҉͘҉̼̝̺̼̲̦̮̻̮̝̭ ͇̥̮̜͕͎̦̲͇̉̑̓̿̎͛̉̑͘͠ͅH̛͐ͪ̂ͤ͒͐̆ͣ͐ͪͮͭ͂̏̍̎̈́͠͏̺͕̮̝͕͈͖̥̜̣̦̼̥̼E̗͔͙̬̜̜̦͔͍͓̘̺̝͍͍̺̗̽͛̆͂̊̏̈́̄ͥ͊͜͞ͅR̶̴̸͔̙̺̣͓̤͕͕̪͆̉ͫ̏͐̔̌̓ͧ͗̔̊ͧ̒͑

T̢̨̜͍̫̯̺͚̫̣̄͑̑̋̄͌͑̉͒ͨ̿̒ͩ͊͡H̸̷̆͑̔ͨ̇ͤ́ͤ͞҉̥̭̬̪͙̳I̷̢̜̤̻͈͙͕͙̗̼̠̗͈̍̿ͥ̚͘S̷̗̙̦̦̝̭̼ͭ̆̈́ͫ̂ͬ̈́̏̅͋ͦ ̉͐͌͒̅ͣͬ̍̋̊̓̈́̔͂͌ͤͧͨ͏̢̠̘͎̺̬̻̝̹̮̦̫͖̥̻̺͞ͅÍ̴̢͔͚̟̲̜͔͍͍̺̰̭̌̅̎̓̑ͩͫͣͣͦͅS̷̛̹̟̗̣̳̹̫͑͂̇́̾̿͛̌ͪ͊͆͛̿ͯ̇ͣͥ̈́͞ ̸̷͖̬̼̗̠̥̗͎̼̮͎̘ͭ͗̒̅̆ͦ͑̚S̝̲̜̞̥̠̹̻͇͍̘͂ͩͪ̄͑͛͑̂ͯ̃́̈̑̀̎̏ͧ̈̓͠À̡̛̱̪̠̘̲ͨͫ̔̒ͧͧͤ̈́̇̄̃́̏̓ͫͣ͜V̧̧̡̯̖̫̗͇̭͈̫̥̠͖̞̻̼̜̫̰̤̰ͥͩͨ̾̂ͣ͆̿ͮ̌̀̐̑̒ͨ̍ͧ̂Ễ̥̫͖͎̼ͦ͐͒̆̐̄̓͡ ̌ͩ͛̍ͧͪͪ͂͌̃̾͆̾̌̎͏̭̰͇̲̘̪͠Hͩͭ̄ͫͣͩ͂̍ͧ͂̄҉̴̜̮͕̯̱̦͈̘̺̖͍͙̗͎̳͙̟̣E͗̀̆̈́̊̄̿̄̂ͩͫ̾̌̊̈́̀҉͍̺̝͈͠ͅR̵̘͓̮̱̐͌̿͂͢ ̵̎ͨ̃̓̃̈҉̛͟͏̦̺͖̺̘̩̪̰͓̳̖̼ͅW̘̞̪͎͔͎̰̟͉͓̟̖̿̃͑̑̄ͭ̊ͭͨ̑̚̚͠͞͠H̶͓͍̳͇̼ͦ̿ͪ͊̊͟͠O̡̲͈͔̺͔̖̱̝̟͒̒ͦ͋ͥ̂ͤ̾̐͛ͬͬ̍̄ͣ͞ ͬ̃̊͘͟͏͍͈̬̮̭̞͖͈̕Y̷̷̭͈̰̦̤̌̈̊̆͌͒̇ͫ͞͝͝O̶̢̦̫̠̜͓̗̟̯̙̙̳͌̽̀ͨ̓Ư͌ͭ͂͑͒̅̏̓̋̈́̍ͪͫͤ̍̈̿̀҉͡҉̧̦̠̺͍̺̯̞̰̮ͅ ̡͚͎̜̳̭̤̳̱͈̳͎̺̾ͪ̎̒̀̒̏̎ͫͨ͆͗͟ͅS̶̸͍̤̱̻̯̱̝̙̮̺̼̳͍̉̌ͥ̈́̓̌ͪͭͩ̋̄ͫ̈̑̒͝ͅA̧̭̖̩̻̖̙̙͇̟̘̤̺̥̫̻̥͖͆͊̒ͯ̆̍ͤ̉͛̋͛ͫ͛̑͆̃ͫV͌̓ͥ̍͆̃̍̐̚͏҉̢͏̙̘͍͖͙͍̠E̴͑̏ͫ͆̕͟͢҉̥̳̗̜̰̫͍̳̤ ̔̄͌͋͐҉̴̛͇͓̖̘̫̟̺̰͍̺̻̯̯̕͝Ḧ̡̛̠͔̭̣̜̰͉͈͚̭̜́̈́̇̅́̐̄͛͆E̸̞̠̹͍̟̓ͭ͐̂̇͆͐̽̐͐̂͋̒ͅR̶̶̡̛̹̜̯̺͉͙͎̮͍͇͈͒ͥ͊̋̑ͪͤ̆̉͐͑̈́̕ ̵̨̧͙̲̬̫̗̪̫̘̰̜͇̬ͫ͆̄̓ͧ̽͋̔̉̏̅̆̈̏ͨͫͨͦ͘A̷̦̦̗̘͉̯̥̻̎̊̏̒͐̓̋̅ͭ̾ͯ͆ͥͫͬ͟͝͞Rͥ̋̋̌̽̽ͣ̈́̾̌̔͛ͤͪ́̚͜҉͍͖̰̼͙͇E̛̹̫̟̖͇͙ͫ͋̂̈͛͝ ̷̶̭͕̺̇̈́͛̉̽͌͐̃͛́̄̀ͮ͒ͪ̈́͛̾̾͘S̡̝͈̺͇̮̫̞͔͖̜͎̘̻̟͍̩̲̦̝̒ͮ̌͂̓͛ͬ̅ͧͤͦ̇ͥ̅̑̑͒ͬ̆͟͡A̡ͤ͑͊̈́̓̾̓̈́̒͌͒̓̿͑ͤ̉͒҉̯̲̘̻͎̫͓̼̳̘̘̤͇͚̜̼̹̤͞V̴̸̶̛̱̳̖̺̪̥̖͙͚̏͗ͭͬͧ̈́͊̋ͩ͊̇ͬͭͦͪ̚͢E̴̙͍̙̱͂ͩ̌̑ͥ̄ͯ̃͌̋̏͒̒̅͌ͯ͊͜͟͝ ̗̬̭͙̥͖ͣ̐͆ͭͨ͂̄ͣ͊̃͆ͧ̊̔͋̕͢͜͡H̵̡̨̟͕͉̻̲̗͔̪̟̭̦̗̟͈̮̥̗́ͯ̍ͧ̊́̄͊ͦͩ̐ͫͫ̂͊̚̚͢ͅȨ̛͙̫̲̪͇͉͕̘̦̪̙̼̫̖͔̥̱̓̆ͥ̉̊̕͟ͅR̷̷̙̫̥͚̳̫͇͑ͦ̏͆͊ͯͦ̂̅͌ͪ̏͒̎̇ͯ͜ͅ ̸̃̊ͥͪ̄ͬ͋҉̝̫̠̝͓̟̳͖̻̺̯̻͎̘̠̲͔̟Ş̇͋͋̄̈́̊̈́̅̚҉̴̤̞̭̖͚ͅA̢̯̳̘̹̱̣̣̼̖̲̹͇ͦͫͤͨ͌̒ͦ͢͢V̸̺͎̦̤̋ͬ̃̂ͣ͆̉̇͗̑͐̕͟E̵̶̲̩̺̲̜̺̞̭̪͉ͫͩ̔ͥͩ̉̓ͥͧͥ̈ͯ̔͂ͣͧ͌̅́ͅ ̵̢̨̗̙̼̖̦̞͈̗̞̳̻̼̝̗̫͚̰̃̍̊͋̕͝ͅH̸̸͔͓͎̜̦̝̺̪̼͓͚̺͕͓̱̙͇̒͐ͬͫͅE̷̟̫͖̳̩͓͋̽ͫ̊ͬ͊̿͛̓ͩ͗̍̃̂̓͊Ṛ̨̮͖̞̪̘̺̪̰̮̝ͯ̾ͨ̐̃̌͘͘͠ͅŞ̇͋͋̄̈́̊̈́̅̚҉̴̤̞̭̖͚ͅA̢̯̳̘̹̱̣̣̼̖̲̹͇ͦͫͤͨ͌̒ͦ͢͢V̸̺͎̦̤̋ͬ̃̂ͣ͆̉̇͗̑͐̕͟E̵̶̲̩̺̲̜̺̞̭̪͉ͫͩ̔ͥͩ̉̓ͥͧͥ̈ͯ̔͂ͣͧ͌̅́ͅ ̵̢̨̗̙̼̖̦̞͈̗̞̳̻̼̝̗̫͚̰̃̍̊͋̕͝ͅH̸̸͔͓͎̜̦̝̺̪̼͓͚̺͕͓̱̙͇̒͐ͬͫͅE̷̟̫͖̳̩͓͋̽ͫ̊ͬ͊̿͛̓ͩ͗̍̃̂̓͊Ṛ̨̮͖̞̪̘̺̪̰̮̝ͯ̾ͨ̐̃̌͘͘͠ͅ

Ş̇͋͋̄̈́̊̈́̅̚҉̴̤̞̭̖͚ͅA̢̯̳̘̹̱̣̣̼̖̲̹͇ͦͫͤͨ͌̒ͦ͢͢V̸̺͎̦̤̋ͬ̃̂ͣ͆̉̇͗̑͐̕͟E̵̶̲̩̺̲̜̺̞̭̪͉ͫͩ̔ͥͩ̉̓ͥͧͥ̈ͯ̔͂ͣͧ͌̅́ͅ ̵̢̨̗̙̼̖̦̞͈̗̞̳̻̼̝̗̫͚̰̃̍̊͋̕͝ͅH̸̸͔͓͎̜̦̝̺̪̼͓͚̺͕͓̱̙͇̒͐ͬͫͅE̷̟̫͖̳̩͓͋̽ͫ̊ͬ͊̿͛̓ͩ͗̍̃̂̓͊Ṛ̨̮͖̞̪̘̺̪̰̮̝ͯ̾ͨ̐̃̌͘͘͠ͅŞ̇͋͋̄̈́̊̈́̅̚҉̴̤̞̭̖͚ͅA̢̯̳̘̹̱̣̣̼̖̲̹͇ͦͫͤͨ͌̒ͦ͢͢V̸̺͎̦̤̋ͬ̃̂ͣ͆̉̇͗̑͐̕͟E̵̶̲̩̺̲̜̺̞̭̪͉ͫͩ̔ͥͩ̉̓ͥͧͥ̈ͯ̔͂ͣͧ͌̅́ͅ ̵̢̨̗̙̼̖̦̞͈̗̞̳̻̼̝̗̫͚̰̃̍̊͋̕͝ͅH̸̸͔͓͎̜̦̝̺̪̼͓͚̺͕͓̱̙͇̒͐ͬͫͅE̷̟̫͖̳̩͓͋̽ͫ̊ͬ͊̿͛̓ͩ͗̍̃̂̓͊Ṛ̨̮͖̞̪̘̺̪̰̮̝ͯ̾ͨ̐̃̌͘͘͠ͅŞ̇͋͋̄̈́̊̈́̅̚҉̴̤̞̭̖͚ͅA̢̯̳̘̹̱̣̣̼̖̲̹͇ͦͫͤͨ͌̒ͦ͢͢V̸̺͎̦̤̋ͬ̃̂ͣ͆̉̇͗̑͐̕͟E̵̶̲̩̺̲̜̺̞̭̪͉ͫͩ̔ͥͩ̉̓ͥͧͥ̈ͯ̔͂ͣͧ͌̅́ͅ ̵̢̨̗̙̼̖̦̞͈̗̞̳̻̼̝̗̫͚̰̃̍̊͋̕͝ͅH̸̸͔͓͎̜̦̝̺̪̼͓͚̺͕͓̱̙͇̒͐ͬͫͅE̷̟̫͖̳̩͓͋̽ͫ̊ͬ͊̿͛̓ͩ͗̍̃̂̓͊Ṛ̨̮͖̞̪̘̺̪̰̮̝ͯ̾ͨ̐̃̌͘͘͠ͅŞ̇͋͋̄̈́̊̈́̅̚҉̴̤̞̭̖͚ͅA̢̯̳̘̹̱̣̣̼̖̲̹͇ͦͫͤͨ͌̒ͦ͢͢V̸̺͎̦̤̋ͬ̃̂ͣ͆̉̇͗̑͐̕͟E̵̶̲̩̺̲̜̺̞̭̪͉ͫͩ̔ͥͩ̉̓ͥͧͥ̈ͯ̔͂ͣͧ͌̅́ͅ ̵̢̨̗̙̼̖̦̞͈̗̞̳̻̼̝̗̫͚̰̃̍̊͋̕͝ͅH̸̸͔͓͎̜̦̝̺̪̼͓͚̺͕͓̱̙͇̒͐ͬͫͅE̷̟̫͖̳̩͓͋̽ͫ̊ͬ͊̿͛̓ͩ͗̍̃̂̓͊Ṛ̨̮͖̞̪̘̺̪̰̮̝ͯ̾ͨ̐̃̌͘͘͠ͅŞ̇͋͋̄̈́̊̈́̅̚҉̴̤̞̭̖͚ͅA̢̯̳̘̹̱̣̣̼̖̲̹͇ͦͫͤͨ͌̒ͦ͢͢V̸̺͎̦̤̋ͬ̃̂ͣ͆̉̇͗̑͐̕͟E̵̶̲̩̺̲̜̺̞̭̪͉ͫͩ̔ͥͩ̉̓ͥͧͥ̈ͯ̔͂ͣͧ͌̅́ͅ ̵̢̨̗̙̼̖̦̞͈̗̞̳̻̼̝̗̫͚̰̃̍̊͋̕͝ͅH̸̸͔͓͎̜̦̝̺̪̼͓͚̺͕͓̱̙͇̒͐ͬͫͅE̷̟̫͖̳̩͓͋̽ͫ̊ͬ͊̿͛̓ͩ͗̍̃̂̓͊Ṛ̨̮͖̞̪̘̺̪̰̮̝ͯ̾ͨ̐̃̌͘͘͠ͅŞ̇͋͋̄̈́̊̈́̅̚҉̴̤̞̭̖͚ͅA̢̯̳̘̹̱̣̣̼̖̲̹͇ͦͫͤͨ͌̒ͦ͢͢V̸̺͎̦̤̋ͬ̃̂ͣ͆̉̇͗̑͐̕͟E̵̶̲̩̺̲̜̺̞̭̪͉ͫͩ̔ͥͩ̉̓ͥͧͥ̈ͯ̔͂ͣͧ͌̅́ͅ ̵̢̨̗̙̼̖̦̞͈̗̞̳̻̼̝̗̫͚̰̃̍̊͋̕͝ͅH̸̸͔͓͎̜̦̝̺̪̼͓͚̺͕͓̱̙͇̒͐ͬͫͅE̷̟̫͖̳̩͓͋̽ͫ̊ͬ͊̿͛̓ͩ͗̍̃̂̓͊Ṛ̨̮͖̞̪̘̺̪̰̮̝ͯ̾ͨ̐̃̌͘͘͠ͅŞ̇͋͋̄̈́̊̈́̅̚҉̴̤̞̭̖͚ͅA̢̯̳̘̹̱̣̣̼̖̲̹͇ͦͫͤͨ͌̒ͦ͢͢V̸̺͎̦̤̋ͬ̃̂ͣ͆̉̇͗̑͐̕͟E̵̶̲̩̺̲̜̺̞̭̪͉ͫͩ̔ͥͩ̉̓ͥͧͥ̈ͯ̔͂ͣͧ͌̅́ͅ ̵̢̨̗̙̼̖̦̞͈̗̞̳̻̼̝̗̫͚̰̃̍̊͋̕͝ͅH̸̸͔͓͎̜̦̝̺̪̼͓͚̺͕͓̱̙͇̒͐ͬͫͅE̷̟̫͖̳̩͓͋̽ͫ̊ͬ͊̿͛̓ͩ͗̍̃̂̓͊Ṛ̨̮͖̞̪̘̺̪̰̮̝ͯ̾ͨ̐̃̌͘͘͠ͅ

Ş̇͋͋̄̈́̊̈́̅̚҉̴̤̞̭̖͚ͅA̢̯̳̘̹̱̣̣̼̖̲̹͇ͦͫͤͨ͌̒ͦ͢͢V̸̺͎̦̤̋ͬ̃̂ͣ͆̉̇͗̑͐̕͟E̵̶̲̩̺̲̜̺̞̭̪͉ͫͩ̔ͥͩ̉̓ͥͧͥ̈ͯ̔͂ͣͧ͌̅́ͅ ̵̢̨̗̙̼̖̦̞͈̗̞̳̻̼̝̗̫͚̰̃̍̊͋̕͝ͅH̸̸͔͓͎̜̦̝̺̪̼͓͚̺͕͓̱̙͇̒͐ͬͫͅE̷̟̫͖̳̩͓͋̽ͫ̊ͬ͊̿͛̓ͩ͗̍̃̂̓͊Ṛ̨̮͖̞̪̘̺̪̰̮̝ͯ̾ͨ̐̃̌͘͘͠ͅ

 

S̏̍̄́̋̈́̎̀͗ͯͬ͋̚͞͏̛͈͔̱̱͚̪̪͓͞A̛̘͇̼̟ͫ͋͒̊͌ͩ̋͢͟V̵̜̹̻̱̬͈͉̺̮͓̣̻̤̍̅ͭ̒̂̎͠E̢̪̰̣̰̱̭̘̯̝ͦ͆̀̒͗̽͋͊ͥ̈ͪ̆ͦ̉̊̎̇͊̂͢ ̭̲̱͎̳͇̖͓̼ͤ̅̿̏̓̕͠͠Ḩ̧̤̩̹͍͂̏́͑͐ͣ̃̀̽É̷̡̧̖̳̪̞̳̯̮̰͖̣̯͇̣́̽͊͒̑ͭ̒̏ͨ́̈͒͊ͦ̄̿͊̏͟Rͮͫ̔̋ͦ͐ͨ̅̓̍̆̏̉̍̏͢҉̶͈̻̝͇̦̗̫̦̝̟̫S̏̍̄́̋̈́̎̀͗ͯͬ͋̚͞͏̛͈͔̱̱͚̪̪͓͞A̛̘͇̼̟ͫ͋͒̊͌ͩ̋͢͟V̵̜̹̻̱̬͈͉̺̮͓̣̻̤̍̅ͭ̒̂̎͠E̢̪̰̣̰̱̭̘̯̝ͦ͆̀̒͗̽͋͊ͥ̈ͪ̆ͦ̉̊̎̇͊̂͢ ̭̲̱͎̳͇̖͓̼ͤ̅̿̏̓̕͠͠Ḩ̧̤̩̹͍͂̏́͑͐ͣ̃̀̽É̷̡̧̖̳̪̞̳̯̮̰͖̣̯͇̣́̽͊͒̑ͭ̒̏ͨ́̈͒͊ͦ̄̿͊̏͟Rͮͫ̔̋ͦ͐ͨ̅̓̍̆̏̉̍̏͢҉̶͈̻̝͇̦̗̫̦̝̟̫S̏̍̄́̋̈́̎̀͗ͯͬ͋̚͞͏̛͈͔̱̱͚̪̪͓͞A̛̘͇̼̟ͫ͋͒̊͌ͩ̋͢͟V̵̜̹̻̱̬͈͉̺̮͓̣̻̤̍̅ͭ̒̂̎͠E̢̪̰̣̰̱̭̘̯̝ͦ͆̀̒͗̽͋͊ͥ̈ͪ̆ͦ̉̊̎̇͊̂͢ ̭̲̱͎̳͇̖͓̼ͤ̅̿̏̓̕͠͠Ḩ̧̤̩̹͍͂̏́͑͐ͣ̃̀̽É̷̡̧̖̳̪̞̳̯̮̰͖̣̯͇̣́̽͊͒̑ͭ̒̏ͨ́̈͒͊ͦ̄̿͊̏͟Rͮͫ̔̋ͦ͐ͨ̅̓̍̆̏̉̍̏͢҉̶͈̻̝͇̦̗̫̦̝̟̫ S̏̍̄́̋̈́̎̀͗ͯͬ͋̚͞͏̛͈͔̱̱͚̪̪͓͞A̛̘͇̼̟ͫ͋͒̊͌ͩ̋͢͟V̵̜̹̻̱̬͈͉̺̮͓̣̻̤̍̅ͭ̒̂̎͠E̢̪̰̣̰̱̭̘̯̝ͦ͆̀̒͗̽͋͊ͥ̈ͪ̆ͦ̉̊̎̇͊̂͢ ̭̲̱͎̳͇̖͓̼ͤ̅̿̏̓̕͠͠Ḩ̧̤̩̹͍͂̏́͑͐ͣ̃̀̽É̷̡̧̖̳̪̞̳̯̮̰͖̣̯͇̣́̽͊͒̑ͭ̒̏ͨ́̈͒͊ͦ̄̿͊̏͟Rͮͫ̔̋ͦ͐ͨ̅̓̍̆̏̉̍̏͢҉̶͈̻̝͇̦̗̫̦̝̟̫S̏̍̄́̋̈́̎̀͗ͯͬ͋̚͞͏̛͈͔̱̱͚̪̪͓͞A̛̘͇̼̟ͫ͋͒̊͌ͩ̋͢͟V̵̜̹̻̱̬͈͉̺̮͓̣̻̤̍̅ͭ̒̂̎͠E̢̪̰̣̰̱̭̘̯̝ͦ͆̀̒͗̽͋͊ͥ̈ͪ̆ͦ̉̊̎̇͊̂͢ ̭̲̱͎̳͇̖͓̼ͤ̅̿̏̓̕͠͠Ḩ̧̤̩̹͍͂̏́͑͐ͣ̃̀̽É̷̡̧̖̳̪̞̳̯̮̰͖̣̯͇̣́̽͊͒̑ͭ̒̏ͨ́̈͒͊ͦ̄̿͊̏͟Rͮͫ̔̋ͦ͐ͨ̅̓̍̆̏̉̍̏͢҉̶͈̻̝͇̦̗̫̦̝̟̫




























Save her.

He surrenders himself to the static and moves forward.

He’s on his hands and knees, tears streaming vigorously down his face, Ko-chan’s blood pooling beneath her still body.

The ringleader, the one who’d done this to her, the one who’d k i l l e d h e r, stands to his full height before him. He seems almost proud.

“She couldn’t do it, my boy, don’t you see?” the monster says deeply. “She was weak.”

He cannot breathe, he cannot breathe, he cannot breathe. He’s shaking harder than he’s ever trembled before, and he’s never cried so hard in his entire life.

“Y-You...h-how...w-w-w-why did you—”

“Don’t cry, child,” the m o n s t e r soothes, kneeling in Ko-chan’s blood in front of him without any heed to it at all. The monster reaches out and takes his chin, and he jerks his head away. “You’re stronger than she was. And this experience will only make you stronger.”

“You didn’t have to k-kill her!” He can’t breathe, he can’t breathe, his throat is so tight and his chest burns, why does it hurt so much, why does it hurt so much, p l e a s e s t o p p l e a s e s t o p p l e a s e s t o p. “You knew she couldn’t do it, y-you knew! W-Why did you—? You didn’t have to—!”

“Hmm…” The monster does not move from his spot, rather raises a single hand towards him, almost gently. “My boy, let this make you stronger, now. Let this experience—!”

“No, I won’t! What you’re doing can’t be right, K-K—” it hurts it hurts it hurts “K-Ko-chan was right, what you’re doing is twisted and wrong and I won’t have any part in it!”

The monstermonstermonster chuckles and shakes his head. “You don’t want to do this. Believe me, my boy, you don’t want to do this. This is who you are now. This is what you are now. You cannot deny it. You are...a villain.”

“No, you’re a villain!” he shrieks, defiant. “You’re a villain, and no matter what you do to me, I won’t be one, too!”

Another deep chuckle. The monster is amused. “Foolish child. Here…” He reaches out a hand, a hand splattered with Ko-chan’s blood and tears as she screamed and cried, as her life was stolen from her. “You are not in your right mind now, my boy. Maybe this will calm you down...teach you your place…”

Fingers—cold, deadly, monstermonstermonstermonstermonster settle over his face, gentle but cold, gentle but scary, gentle but murdering—

“You will live to regret this. This, rebellion. ...If you survive at all.”

He feels a surge of something, and within him he feels several snaps and crunches and breaks and he screams, and his veins fill with fire and heat and it burns, it hurts, it hurts so bad, he feels like he’s being ripped apart from the inside out, and he feels blood in his throat and he feels it on his arms and legs and chest and stomach he’s literally being torn apart he’s being torn apart t o r n a p a r t—

“Kitten.”

He screams and grabs and y a n k s, not at something physical but at something within him, he yanks and he pulls and he drags and he harnesses and it hurts so badly, it hurts so badly but seeing Ko-chan in pain hurt so much worse this is nothing this is nothing this is nothing—

D͎̰̼͇̎͐͐ͮ̈́O͎̬̥̲̫ͣ̋͒́̂̽̉ ̲̗̥͖̈́̂̓I̤̱̫͍͙ͪ̅́̉ͥ̚ͅT̥̭̖͓̅ͣͥ̀ͩͅ.͕̤̱̣̪̪͓̿ ̗̲̪͓̭̎D̹̟̺̦͖̬Ȏ̰̮̠͉̥ͧ́ ̇ͯ̔̋͋I͓̙̟͍͑̋͑̈T̪̆͑.͈̳̄̈́̌̍̔͗ ̗̗͎̈̃̐̈D̥̘͍̰̻̪̲̊̔O̞͎̟͉͒ͅ ̪ͯͮ̏̚I͍̻̳̭̩̖ͧ̽ͦ̍͊T̆̾.̼͎͕͚̿͌͗̈́̐

D͎̰̼͇̎͐͐ͮ̈́O͎̬̥̲̫ͣ̋͒́̂̽̉ ̲̗̥͖̈́̂̓I̤̱̫͍͙ͪ̅́̉ͥ̚ͅT̥̭̖͓̅ͣͥ̀ͩͅ.͕̤̱̣̪̪͓̿ ̗̲̪͓̭̎D̹̟̺̦͖̬Ȏ̰̮̠͉̥ͧ́ ̇ͯ̔̋͋I͓̙̟͍͑̋͑̈T̪̆͑.͈̳̄̈́̌̍̔͗ ̗̗͎̈̃̐̈D̥̘͍̰̻̪̲̊̔O̞͎̟͉͒ͅ ̪ͯͮ̏̚I͍̻̳̭̩̖ͧ̽ͦ̍͊T̆̾.̼͎͕͚̿͌͗̈́̐

“Aaagh, what in the—!”

“Everyone, get out of here! What the hell—!”

He feels himself screaming as static fills his mind and heart and soul and all he can think about is Ko-chan, all he can think about is her shining eyes and smile but the image is swallowed by her blank, dead eyes and broken body and he screams louder, cries harder, thrashes, shrieks, yanks yanks yanks, drags drags drags, pulls pulls pulls, until—

Static.

Toshinori watches, and there’s nothing he can do. Absolutely nothing. The police are forcing the civilians back, and there isn’t a single hero on site right now that can take care of the situation.

And Izuku is there. And so is a little girl, who’d slipped past the policemen to help Izuku when it was him being drowned and suffocated, but now it’s her in Izuku’s place, held captive in the villain’s liquid but suffocating grasp. Toshinori feels a burn and an ache but there’s nothing he can do, there’s nothing he can do, absolutely nothing he can do—

And then something weird happens.

The villain has been thrashing and laughing and cackling this entire time, but now...it stops. The villain stops moving, stops laughing, stops everything.

Izuku has moved again, striding forward, and he has those same dead eyes as before but now they’re bright golden, his irises are a bright, molten gold and he’s striding forward, slowly, but deliberately.

Toshinori’s vision blurs. On the corners of his sight, static begins to gather, like pixel-glitches in a video game. His ears ring, and his mind is full of the static, suddenly. He can’t think. He tries but he literally cannot think.

And then the villain is thrashing again, but this isn’t a gleeful thrash, a triumphant flailing of joy.

No. This is writhing. This is the villain shrinking in on himself, shrieking, twisting, and Izuku continues towards him, step after step, eyes bright gold.

"̢͈̲͎̰L̬̟̺̱͉̗̯͎ͅe̦̬͠t̶̢͚͔̞̦͚̰̬͡ ̡̻̗̻͙͖͚̘ḩ҉̱̤̟͙̱̜e̻͖̝͘͡r̨̩̝̥̝͈ ̖͍̖̠͘͟͞ģ̺͎̫̻̱̗͞o̢̥̠̭͔̫.̴̤̙̺̯͎̱͚̣͢ͅ"҉̧̜̙ͅͅ ̝͉

 

Izuku’s voice slices through the static, but only long enough for Toshinori to be completely, utterly horrified by his tone of voice. His voice is low and it sounds like there are several people talking at once, garbled but somehow oh so very clear.

The villain thrashes again, writhing and screeching like it’s in physical pain, and Yatchi drops from its hold and scrambles to her feet. She doesn’t run towards the police; rather, she runs towards Izuku, hiding behind his legs and burying her face in his lower back.

Izuku doesn’t flinch. Two knives come out of nowhere, and suddenly he’s holding three in each hand in between his fingers, blades gleaming in the light of nearby fires.

“͘Y̴͖ou̷̘̣͚̬̹ ̢͕̭͖͈̹h͖̣͔̘̭̱̣av̜̭͔̦̗̜e̝̦̺ ͓̘̤̼̝̱n̵̝̤̟̯͚͚o̷̜̟̩̻̝̥͇ ̸̭̣̞̼r̯̝̝͔i̜͔͍̻ͅg̝̳̭̞͔͓̕ͅh͉̯͉͡t͜ t̸͙̬͉̦̯̱̫o̬͙̮̻ ͈̤͈͈o̟͙̘̘̪͚th̖̪̞̝̟e̤̮̝r̸͓͇͚̘s͍̬̠̥͍͕̫’͎̙̟̖ ̘l̪͠ͅi̧̗͍̠̙̺̪̥v͙̘̫e̛̜͖̝͍s͖͚̮.͍̲͈̱͇̖ͅ”̸̳͎͈͕͙͖͙ ̜

There is no way that voice is coming out of a kid, there is no way—

“͟T͔̬̹͍͍̻͢h̪̬̮e̻͎̥i̖̰r̦̰̬̯͕̘ͅ ̬̘̗̱͕l̰̰i̖̻͠v̰͞e̮s̫̗̣͍̣̲̼ ̢̞̲͕̱̭̥ͅd̙̰̥o͏̦̝̘ ͍̺̳̮ͅͅn̴̰͓͎̪̘o̲͕͈͈̬̠t̞͉͉͈̝ ͈͖̜̭b̧̯̻̰̦e̛̘̮̹̬ḷ̻o͖̟n͍͎͔ģ̗̺͇̣̞̣ ̡͙̖̝͖ͅt̵̻̖͍̮̟o̴̝̰̱͇̫̘ ҉̳̜͔͓̤̞ͅy͇̰͜ou̧̘͚̥.̦”̠̘̥͖ͅ ̢͖̖̖̥̣̫

The slime villain is still shrieking and writhing.

“̗̹Y̺͎͓̲̖̼̺o̶͈̳̟͓u͇̖̪ ͙͓̞ẖ̦͓̣̗̥a̲͕v͖͘e̟̱̗̬͘ ̛̥͕̮̞̻͉͈n̷̙̯̰̥̖o ̭̦͕̠͖͖͎r͎̗̰̮̰̰̬i̸̜̝̼̮͓g̨h͟t͉͓̙̩͚͖̬ ҉̺̮t̝͙̻̖̼͚͢o͕̳ ̗͖͈̠̯t͔̤̬̮͔a͚̯̩̝k͓̼̯̹̺̕e̹̪̱͙̘͞ ̱͚i̹͖͕t̥̻̖̩̣̬͢ͅ ̪̻̘ͅf̵̫̞̭͙r̸͔̫̲̯̳̹o̠̮m̖̪͍̼̘̤͢ ̘̙̦͍͔t̯̣̦͓̦h̬̲̬̗͈͙e͖̥̖̕m͓͖̘͈̬̞͓͘.̢̞̜̤̲̻”͓͖̠̬̹ ̮̠̖̫̞͕

“S-Stop it!” the villain gurgles. “Stop it, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, s-stop it, please—!”

“̥͈Y̴̜̝̥͙o͉̜̣͍̪͙̭u’̸̼̘̪̳̪r̗̭̥e͏ ̗̤͔̖͓̜t̟̤̰̹ͅͅh̨e̶̫ ̜͉̫o̕ͅne̲̹̹̟ ͙̞̬͇g̨̱̭ͅo̠̹̟̮̞̻ͅi̻͚̤̯̻̯͝ͅṇ͎̭͙̹͝ͅg̡̪ ̩͇̮͈͉̞̻͘a̗͖̻̖̜͠r͍̼̱̮̤͚ͅo͎̖u̦͡n͚̮̣̕d̵̼̰̗͎̙͈͍ ̲͉͍̘̙͈̮t̙̼̤r̰̬y̭̬̺͓͎͍̗i͍̟͕̠n̤̤̩͈͉g̵ ̜̘͙̗̫t̩͉͖o̤͍̪̖ ̡̘̠̪͕̥̺̟s̱̳̤͉t҉͇͔e͇͙ͅa̷̗̪̬̻͓̟l ̼̯͠pe̻̳͉͕̙̻̞o̲̞͘p̵l̶̗̟̰̠e’̶͍̥̩̥̼̻s̬͇̳̦̪ ̮l͔͇̬̠̦͉i̱̭̤̯̕v̟̫̻̜e̠͕s̮̗͉,͍̻̥ ͔͉͚͖̠̝ṋ̨͓͖̘̩͙o̡͇̠̱̘̫t̥̱̥͚ m͔̻̜̗̦e̘̮̗͜.̝̣̻͔͖͡”͔͕̟͜ ̰̣̜

What. The hell. Toshinori’s mind is still full of static and for the life of him, he can’t get rid of it. His line of sight is closing over with static, and judging by the reactions of the people near him, they’re experiencing the same.

“Stop it, I’ll do anything!” the slime villain pleads with him, actually pleads. “Stop it, stop it—!”

Izuku stares him down harder. The villain shrieks and writhes again, thrashing, screaming, and Toshinori’s ears fill with static, too, until he can’t hear anything but a buzz, a garbled, static buzz through his mind and ears.

And then, Yatchi’s arms wrap around Izuku’s leg and squeeze tightly. Her eyes are closed, tears streaming down her cheeks, and—

Something changes. Izuku’s eyes flicker green, for a brief, brief moment—and then the slime villain drops into an unmoving puddle, its one eye closing.  It...probably isn’t dead, Toshinori thinks. Probably.

There’s a beat. The static clears—some of it, at least, but not all of it—and Toshinori shakes his head vigorously, then raises his gaze—

Izuku’s eyes are still golden, and there’s blood running down his face from them, like big, bloody tears.

And then he crumples to the ground.

The static cuts abruptly, giving Toshinori a sudden yank of whiplash, and Yatchi’s screams bring him back to the present fully. The girl shakes Izuku harshly, but Izuku doesn’t move, limp and still with blood on his face beneath his closed eyes.

It takes Yatchi’s scream to bring them all back to the present, actually, and then there’s business around Toshinori again, paramedics rushing forward towards Yatchi and Izuku (tailed by that red-haired kid who’d been shouting for them earlier), and the heroes and police move to secure the unconscious villain.

Toshinori can’t move. Midoriya Izuku, scarred, with eyes of a hardened soldier ready to carry out commands, a boy with knives and scarily accurate aim, a boy who’d seen so many unspoken horrors.

That moment, when Yatchi’s arms squeezed Izuku’s leg and Izuku’s awareness returned, when the green flashed in his irises…

Toshinori had seen fear.

Toshinori had seen pain.

A chuckle. “I suppose you’re stronger than even I gave you credit for, my boy. How intriguing. How...wonderful.”
Notes:

    I know I said I'd respond to your comments last chapter but. I'm. Really tired right now herkjshdkjf sorry. Just got back from an unsuccessful doctor's appointment (they weren't actually able to HAVE my appointment, erhskjdfhkdf) so that was a bummer.

    But I wanted to post this!! :D Originally I was going to wait until my birthday, which is this Saturday (the same day ep. 3 of season 3 airs whOOP WHOOP), but I have no patience. XD

    Anyway, even though I didn't respond to comments this time around, know that I read every single one of them and that your support means. The literal world to me. Thank you so much. <3 Until next time, go beyond!! PLUS ULTRA!!!!

Chapter 5
Notes:

    ART!!!!! :D

    solarflare-vulpix

    just-set-me-on-fire

    sunriseflame

    cuteiemonster

    THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Tensei is having a bad day.

Villains have been on the loose and more bold than ever, seemingly, and not only has it been a bad day, but it’s been an incredibly long day as well that just can’t seem to end fast enough.

Right now, he’s on patrol in an abandoned part of the city. A helicopter had spotted a few suspicious looking individuals earlier and reported it to the police station, and the police had sent the memo to the nearest hero agency, who in turn but Ingenium on the case.

It isn’t a problem at all, he just wants this day to be over already.

Nonetheless, he doesn’t complain. Being a hero means helping people, and if he can help someone by investigating this area, well, he’ll do it--

Like on cue, a piercing, grating scream meets Tensei’s ears, and immediately, he stands a little straighter, now fully alert and on the lookout. The scream goes on for a good long while--a child’s screams, a boy’s by the sound of it--and Tensei takes off after it, following the echoing, pained scream down winding roads and streets.

He touches the communicator by his ear. “Headquarters, this is Ingenium, checking in. Downtown, near Shinjuku. I need people on stand-by.”

“Noted, Ingenium. Be careful.”

Tensei cuts the connection and keeps down the street, running. The screams have stopped, leaving a haunted echo of them in Tensei’s ears, and he moves faster. That’d been a child, a young child, scared and hurt and Tensei only hoped they were okay--

Tensei sees him, running. A blur in the darkness, tripping and stumbling, but the silhouette is too small to be anything other than a child.

“H-Hey, wait!” Tensei calls, sprinting after him. A part of him thinks smooth, smooth, real smooth, but he ignores that as best he can and continues to run, chasing after this child with all his might.

And then he feels something, almost physically feels something. It isn’t a solid thing, but rather...something within him. His mind fills with haze and static, and the corners of his vision pixelate, blacks and whites blinking and winking at him as he tries to follow the kid through the streets.

Must be the kid’s Quirk, Tensei thinks, plowing through the invading static as best he can. If he was the one screaming a second ago…

He runs faster. It gets harder the closer he gets to the boy, but no matter, he runs anyway.

He catches up to him.

“Hey, kid, hold on a second! I’m a hero, I’m here to help you--!”

The kid whirls around. His eyes glow a bright gold in the darkness, gold flecked with green, and it’s hard to tell what color his hair is in the bad lighting, but it’s dark, and he’s covered in--

Shit.

Holy--

The boy lashes out at him unexpectedly with a short but grating scream, and Tensei barely has the chance to dodge before the blade of a knife swipes the space he’d occupied a second before. Another knife is thrown at his leg (to keep him from running, Tensei thinks; smart kid), and Tensei dodges again.

“H-Hey, kid, calm down--!”

The kid does not calm down. He runs at Tensei, withdrawing his arm, about to plunge a knife straight into his face. His eyes are gold but they’re also full of such terror and fear unlike anything Tensei has ever seen before.

He lets instincts and training take over, grabbing the kid’s wrist and, and he hates himself for it, twisting the knife out of his grip. The kid’s shoes hit the ground and he thrashes and struggles, still screaming, and the static is worse than before but Tensei pushes through it.

“Hey--heyheyheyheyhey, calm down, calm down,” Tensei says, catching the kid’s other wrist and holding him steady. He’s bleeding from several wounds in several places; Tensei would probably get a headache trying to count all of them. “It’s okay, you’re safe now, calm down. It’s alright, no one will hurt you now.”

The kid finally meets his eyes. They’re half-gold-half-green now, gold covered with green splotches (or maybe it’s the other way around), but it looks like some of his awareness has returned, if some.

The kid opens his mouth. Nothing comes out of it. Tensei reaches over without breaking eye contact, taking the kid’s knives off the ground; immediately, longing flashes in the kid’s wide, scared eyes, and Tensei looks between him and the knives for another moment.

“...Do you want the knives back?”

The kid doesn’t answer, not really; his breath hitches in his throat, and his eyes fill with a new kind of fear.

“Okay, okay, calm down,” Tensei says immediately. “I’ll give them back if you promise not to try and stab me again, okay?”

The boy swallows hard, then nods. The movement is shaky and desperate, and Tensei hands the knives over with a small, “Okay, here.” The kid snatches them away at once, clutching them close; Tensei has half a mind to remind the kid to be careful with them, but all things considered, he doesn’t.

“Now,” Tensei says, trying to be gentle, “we have to--kid!”

His eyes roll back in his head, and Tensei swoops in to catch him when he falls. Unconscious. Still bleeding.

Tensei touches the earpiece again. “Heya, headquarters? Ingenium, requesting backup.” The kid’s breathing is deeper now than before, but his breath wheezes. “Send an ambulance, hurry.”

“Noted. We’ll be with you shortly.”

It’s a mess.

All of it.

Now that he’s been brought to something like awareness again, Toshinori hears the sirens of the arriving firetrucks and ambulances. The boy from earlier with spiky red hair is comforting the little girl; her face is buried in his stomach, and her hands fist handfuls of his shirt. He’s patting her head calmingly while giving a testimony to the police; said officer is jotting down everything he says on a notebook.

The ambulance has already loaded Izuku onto a stretcher. He’s unconscious, face a ghastly pale with blood running down his cheeks from his eyes, almost like tears. Those eyes had been open a minute ago, bright gold and deadly and blank.

But also afraid. In those moments of awareness brought back to him by Yatchi’s arms around his leg, there had been fear and pain in the boy’s flickering eyes.

Toshinori has already assumed the boy’s been through hell. This much has always been obvious, what with those jagged, broken scars all over his skin, that exhausted but dead look in his lightless eyes…

But this is further confirmation.

“Toshinori.”

Toshinori turns; Naomasa starts towards him, eyes full of concern, but also a sense of solemness and professionalism.

“Tsukauchi,” Toshinori greets, turning to him.

“The villain is still alive,” Naomasa says, getting right down to business for now. “I can say pretty confidently that he’ll be serving a lifetime in prison for what he’s done.”

Toshinori nods stiffly. A roll of thunder echoes through the sky as the paramedics load Izuku into an ambulance and promptly take off for the nearest hospital. Toshinori watches the ambulance until the lights fade out of sight, then turns back to Naomasa.

“That boy,” Naomasa says. “Do you know him?”

“...Sort of,” Toshinori answers. “We met briefly on a different encounter with the same villain. I’d gotten there to save the boy, but, honestly, he was doing just fine on his own.”

Naomasa nods. “I’m assuming this is why the villain only has one functioning eye.”

“Yeah.”

“Damn.” Naomasa looks at where the ambulance had disappeared down the street, then shakes his head. “It takes a lot of mental strength to do something like that, even in self-defense…” He stops suddenly, like he had just remembered a long-forgotten answer on a test. “...Do you know the boys’ name?”

“Midoriya Izuku.”

Naomasa’s eyes fill with something odd, something Toshinori can’t put his finger on. “I see,” Naomasa says, turning away.

Toshinori frowns. “You’ve heard of him?”

Naomasa releases a sharp exhale through his nose. “There isn’t a detective in the region who hasn’t heard his name.”

Toshinori’s breath catches in his throat, but before he has the chance to say anything else, they’re approached by the red-haired boy, who is carrying the girl against his hip.

“H-Hey, sorry for interrupting,” he says, hoisting the girl up further, “a-and this might be a bad time, but me and Midoriya--” He pauses and winces. “We were taking this girl to the police station when we were attacked by that...thing. I found her alone this morning. She’s deaf, and I have no idea where her parents are.”

“Oh,” Naomasa says, nodding. “yes, thank you for looking after her. Would you mind accompanying us to the station? It won’t take long to locate her parents and give them a call.”

The boy nods immediately. “Yeah, I don’t mind,” he says. “Thanks.”

He’s keeping level-headed about all of this, Toshinori thinks briefly. Despite the situation, he’s keeping a level-head about this.

He doesn’t really dwell on it for very long; Naomasa says his farewells and gets in the police car with Kirishima and Yatchi, and while they speed out of sight, Toshinori contemplates what to do.

In the end, his feet carry him to the hospital. The words, “What is it that makes a hero?” run through his mind constantly, like a broken record.

There’s a woman pleading earnestly with a nurse when Toshinori reaches the hospital. She isn’t frantic, isn’t panicking, just very, very earnest. And maybe a little desperate.

“You have to let me see him,” she’s saying, and it almost, almost sounds like a demand. “Please. It’s important.”

The nurse looks at her helplessly. “I’m sorry,” he says, “but until he stabilizes, we can’t allow any visitations. He’s on heavy Quirk suppressants as it is, we don’t know--”

“You don’t understand.” She reaches out, taking the nurse by the arm and looking him dead in the eyes. “If he wakes up alone like this, in this place, he’s going to panic. He’s going to freak out, and he’s going to end up hurting someone, or himself. Please, just...let me see him.”

Izuku’s mother. There...isn’t much resemblance, honestly, aside from the few green streaks in Izuku’s hair that matches this woman’s, but there isn’t any doubt about it, in the end.

This woman is Izuku’s mother.

The nurse looks torn, and after another second--after closer inspecting the raw desperation in the woman’s eyes--he nods.

“I’ll see what I can do,” he says, and the woman nods while he turns away and disappears down the hallway. The woman watches him leave, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear.

The way she spoke, the words she used...this has happened before. Maybe not this exact scenario, but the basic gist. It’s happened before.

Izuku had been hospitalized like this before.

And, judging by the woman’s desperation, the results had been disastrous.

Eventually, the nurse returns and tells the woman that, yes, she can see her son now, and she follows the nurse back down the hall from whence he’d come, and Toshinori watches them go, a bit torn.

Midoriya Izuku.

Toshinori doesn’t know why, but something about the boy--his eyes, his suffering, his scars, the words, “What is it that makes a hero?” --really hits him hard. He doesn’t hang around the hospital (he sees no point to), but he makes a mental note to return at a later date.

It’s dark.

That’s the very first thing he notices when he regains consciousness. It isn’t the fog in his head or the tiredness of his limbs; it isn’t the tubes against his arms and face, or even the dull but painful burn in his chest.

No. It’s the fact that it’s completely dark.

Dark.

Dark.

Dark.

“Ha, what a brat. Think you can talk like that and get away with it? Well, I’ll show you what happens when you mouth off to me.”

Dark.

Dark.

Dark.

“Stop screaming! The sooner you stop yellin’ at me, the sooner I’ll let you out!”

Dark.

Dark.

Dark.

Something reaches out and touches his forearm. Very lightly, very gently, barely enough to bring him back to reality, but once he’s there he’s able to keep a firm grip on himself, sucking in long, deep breaths (he’d been holding it a second ago; he hadn’t even realized it).

Mom.

It’s mom.

The dark is still there but he’s reminded that it’s temporary. His ears are ringing. He hears and sees nothing. But he can feel that touch, gentle and soft and just a little bit hesitant, trying. Giving him space.

He reaches for her, and she threads her fingers through his and squeezes his hand. He squeezes back and tries to swallow the lump in his throat with little success.

His mother loosens her hold on his hand, but doesn’t let go entirely. For a second, he wonders what she’s doing; and then, he feels a small weight dip what he assumes is the hospital bed.

Then another.

And another.

And another.

And another.

And another.

And then he feels something rub against his cheek. Something soft and warm and vibrating gently. Other similar somethings climb on his chest or nuzzle under his arms.

He feels his mother bend his fingers into letters.

I s n u c k t h e m i n

Izuku squeezes her hand, hoping she realizes what this means to him.

She does.

Izuku’s sight, along with the rest of his senses, come back all at once the next day. His hospital room is stark white, and the distinct, familiar smell of it makes his stomach churn. At least mom is here, her and his kittens. That’s the only good thing about this situation.

“They’re going to take you off of Quirk suppressants a little later on today, when they’re sure it’s stabilized,” Mom informs him softly, petting one of his kittens in her lap. “After that, they’re going to send you home.”

Izuku nods stiffly, looking down at his scarred hands. “Are...are my eyes back to normal, or…?”

“Hmm, here.”

She takes his chin in her hand gently and looks into his eyes for a long moment. After that, she smiles and sits back in her chair once again.

“There are a few gold speckles left,” she says, “but you can’t see them unless you’re really looking for them.”

Izuku nods, fiddling with the edge of the scratchy hospital blanket. Just the feeling brings back unwanted memories.

His mother notices. “Do you want me to bring you anything from home?” she asks.

So far, she’s brought him the six kittens and two knives, both of which sit on the bedside table; normally Izuku would be clutching them, but he’s decided to hold Fluffy right now instead.

Izuku nods. His mother doesn’t ask exactly what he wants; she knows him pretty well, so chances are she’ll guess correctly. She smiles and rises to her feet, leaning over and kissing the top of his head.

“I’ll be back,” she says, a promise; he nods, and she heads off. He doesn’t look away until the door closes behind her.

He’s okay on his own--or, he supposes, he isn’t really on his own, with the kittens constantly crawling over him and snuggling down once they’ve found a comfortable position. Izuku is exhausted, but he doesn’t sleep, can’t sleep. He has a hard time sleeping naturally as it is, but add recent events onto all of that…

Mom gets back reasonably quickly, with his favorite white-blue tye-dyed hoodie and a blanket of the same color. He feels better, once he’s wearing the hoodie and the blanket is wrapped around him tightly; just the familiar feeling brings a lovely sense of comfort to him, and he relishes in it.

“I spoke with Kagami-san earlier,” Mom says, sinking back into the chair by the bedside. “Your next session with him isn’t supposed to be for another three weeks, but he said if you’d like, he could meet with you sometime this week instead. What do you think?”

Kagami-san. His therapist. Izuku has always liked him; the man has a very gentle, comforting air about him, he always had, which was exactly what Izuku needed.

Izuku waits for a bit, thinking. “...I’ll...think about it,” he answers finally. “I-I think...I-I’ll be okay, but, just in case…”

Mom nods. “Alright,” she says, smiling softly. “I’ll tell him. Let me know when you make up your mind, okay?”

Izuku nods back. “I-I will, Inko-san.”

(Inko-san, a step up from Midoriya-san. He doesn’t know why, but he’s...never been able to bring himself to call her “Mom” to her face.)

She doesn’t seem to mind. In fact, she’s never seemed to mind. She’s always had an endless amount of patience for him; Izuku has no idea where she gets it all from.

“It’s alright, sweetheart,” she says, threading her fingers through his hair for a moment. She smiles again, this time focusing on his mop of black hair. “When we get home,” she says, “let’s re-do the dye, alright?”

That’s another thing; she’s always seemed to know exactly what he’s feeling. It’s taken time to get here, where they are now, but they made it, and there’s only moving forward from this point on.

Izuku nods. “S-Sounds good.”

“Oh.” She pauses for a moment, withdrawing her hand. “I spoke with one of the detectives on the police force,” she says. “He’d like to speak with you, if you think you’re up to it.”

Oh.

Um.

Izuku has...never been a fan of interacting with people, and if this had been two years ago and Mom was asking this question--well, first of all, she wouldn’t consider asking this question, already knowing his answer was a solid no, but second, he wouldn’t have been able to handle it.

Now, though…

“That’s okay,” Izuku says, nodding as though to reassure himself. “I-I think I’ll be okay. When do they wanna talk?”

“Whenever you’re ready.”

Izuku swallows, absentmindedly stroking Marshmallow’s fur. “...I...I-I think I’m ready now.”

Mom nods, rising to her feet again. “You know the gesture, if you change your mind,” she says. “If anything makes you uncomfortable or you feel threatened, don’t hesitate, okay?”

Izuku nods back. “I won’t.”

Two people enter the hospital room; someone Izuku doesn’t recognize, and All Might (but not the “All Might” the world knows him as; this is the All Might Izuku met on the roof, maimed and scarred by a villain many years ago). Mom is right behind them, and of course she is.

“Hello, Midoriya-kun,” the stranger greets, extending a hand to Izuku (he’s cautious, Izuku notices; not pushy at all, waiting for Izuku to make the next move). “I’m Naomasa. This is Toshinori, a friend of mine who also helps out on the force.”

Not technically a lie, Izuku thinks, then reaches out and shakes Naomasa’s hand. He feels no threat from the officer. He must know about All Might’s true identity, then.

“If you don’t mind,” Naomasa says, withdrawing his hand, “I do have a couple of questions I would like to ask you regarding the slime villain.”

Izuku nods. “I-I don’t mind,” he says, and he says it to both him and Naomasa. A little extra reassurance to himself never hurts.

Naomasa nods and takes an empty chair by the bed. Toshinori and Mom move to stand elsewhere, Toshinori to the side and Mom on the other side of the bed.

Naomasa pulls out a small notebook and a pen. “I’ll keep this short,” he says, flipping open the notebook. “And then I’ll let you rest. There are only a few things I would like you to clarify for me.”

Izuku nods again, petting Kittles beneath the hospital blanket, and Naomasa launches off the questions, one after the other, and Izuku fires back his answers.

“Have you and this villain had any encounters in the past before today?”

“Once. I met him under a bridge.”

“Hmm. And you gouged his eye out in self-defense?”

“Yes.”

“What exactly did he want with you, originally?”

“Something about taking over my body, I think. I didn’t really give him much of a chance to say anything else.”

“I see. And…”

It goes on like this for some time, simple questions, rapid fire. Izuku has no trouble answering, which is...odd, considering it usually takes more time for him to recover after episodes.

Maybe he’s getting better. The thought sends a happy little leap through his chest.

After the questions, Naomasa has Izuku confirm a few other things from other eyewitness accounts, things that’d happened when the slime villain attacked the second time. Izuku confirms it all with a consistent “yes”; the information is accurate (although he does have to fill in a blank here and there).

“Well, I do believe that’s all from me,” Naomasa says, rising to his feet and tucking his notebook into the pocket of his coat. “Thank you for your time, Midoriya-kun. I’m sorry we had to do this so suddenly after the incident.”

“It’s okay,” Izuku says, nodding, once again to himself and Naomasa. “Thank you. The villain, is he…?”

“Behind bars,” Naomasa assures him, nodding firmly. “And he’s going to stay there for a long, long time, don’t worry.”

Izuku lets out a long breath. It isn’t exactly a sigh, merely an exhale. At least he won’t have to worry about the slime villain again.

“Inko-san.” Naomasa turns to his mother, and she meets his gaze. “If you have a moment, I would like to speak with you outside.”

“Of course,” Mom says, nodding--and then she stops and turns to Izuku. “Will you be okay?”

Izuku nods. “I’ll be fine.”

Mom smiles and nods once in acknowledgement. Naomasa turns from her towards Toshinori, still standing on the other side of the room. He has yet to say anything.

“Toshinori--” Naomasa says.

And then Toshinori finally speaks.

“If it’s alright with you, Inko-san,” Toshinori says, straightening up and fully facing Mom for a moment, then turning towards Izuku, “I would like to speak with your son for a moment.”

Oh.

He probably wants answers. It’s fair enough, Izuku thinks; after all, who wouldn’t want answers, after what happened earlier?

Mom looks from him, to Izuku, then back to him. “If Izuku doesn’t mind,” she says, “and if he’s comfortable with it, then I have no complaints. Izuku?”

Izuku looks at Toshinori for a long moment.

Not a threat.

He nods. “It’s fine,” he says, and he actually believes the words this time. He doesn’t have to do any extra convincing. “If...If I feel overwhelmed I’ll ask him to leave.”

Mom nods once, then follows Naomasa out, leaving Izuku and Toshinori behind. Toshinori doesn’t do anything for the longest of moments; and then, he crosses the room and sinks into the chai by the bedside that Naomasa had occupied moments before. One of the kittens--Rainbow--pokes its head from under the blanket and mrows at Toshinori questioningly, and Izuku exhales sharply through his nose at the look of awestruck confusion on Toshinori’s face.

The moment passes very quickly, though. Izuku glances at the clear liquid in the bag on the IV stand; Quirk suppressants, leaving an odd, constricted feeling within him that he only notices when he thinks about it.

“...You want answers, right?” Izuku says stiffly. “That’s why you’re here.”

Toshinori feels like he’s being called out, but...he assumes it’s only fair. He’d come, first and foremostly, to make sure Izuku was alright, but now that he knows the kid is alright, he’s brought to his second reason for being here, his second reason for asking Naomasa if he could accompany him to the hospital.

There’s a story here. A story behind each scar on Izuku’s skin, a story behind those dead eyes. A story behind that Quirk.

“I won’t lie,” Toshinori says, folding his hands loosely together. “Ever since I met you…”

“I’m strange, right?”

Toshinori blinks. “I wasn’t going--”

“You were thinking it,” Izuku cuts in. “And that’s...that’s okay. I think it, too. I don’t think…” He stops, takes in a breath. “I don’t think there’s anything about me that isn’t seriously messed up.”

His tone of voice here is odd. Resigned, even. He doesn’t sound upset or frustrated, or even angry, merely... accepting. Like this is a truth he’s already grasped and he will refuse to hear anything else.

“...Midoriya, my boy--”

“D-Don’t.”

Toshinori’s breath gets stuck in his throat. Izuku’s tone is completely different now, small and...desperate.

“D-Don’t call me that,” he says.

“...Midoriya?”

“N-No, the...the other thing.”

And Toshinori doesn’t understand it, but then again, he doesn’t understand a lot about this boy, and either way, it’s not his place to question.

So he doesn’t. He nods, making a mental note to never call Izuku that again. “Alright. I won’t call you that.”

Izuku nods stiffly.

“...What happened earlier,” Toshinori says, “and...and you don’t have to answer this if you don’t want to. You owe me no answers. But before, with the villain…”

“I wanted to kill him.”

It comes out so suddenly that Toshinori feels like he’s been physically beaten upside the head with the words. He’d been meaning to inquire about Izuku’s Quirk, not...not that.

“I wanted to kill him,” Izuku says, and his hands ball into fists against the blanket over his legs. “If...if Y-Yatchi hadn’t snapped me out of it when she did, I-I...I think...I-I honestly think I would have.”

There’s blood and bile in Toshinori’s throat, and he fights to swallow it back. His next words come slowly, hesitantly, and he knows they aren’t the right words to say in this kind of situation, but they flow anyway.

“...Have you ever...killed anyone, Midoriya?”

There’s a long pause.

“...No. I haven’t,” Izuku says, “but...I’ve...I’ve come close. Really, really close. My Quirk, you...you saw what it did to the slime villain, r-right? You know what it can do.”

An image of the slime villain, screaming and writhing in pain in the alleyway springs into Toshinori’s mind. He chases it away quickly.

“It’s why I asked you what I did, back on the roof,” Izuku goes on. “About ‘what makes a hero,’ and whether or not I could be one...my Quirk, it’s…”

His next words are small.

“...It’s a villain’s Quirk.”

Toshinori feels vaguely like he’s been stabbed in the gut, but no, this is finally something he can help with. He knows what to say, right now. He can finally say something that would help Izuku.

“No, it isn’t a villain’s Quirk, Midoriya,” Toshinori says quickly. “It isn’t. It’s your power, and whether it’s a villain’s or a hero’s depends on what you--”

“N-No, that’s not...that’s not what I mean.” He raises his head, meeting Toshinori’s eyes with his own blank, dead ones. “It is literally a villain’s Quirk. It doesn’t...exactly...belong to me.”

...And once again, Toshinori is stumbling for something to say.

He comes up empty. He has no idea how to respond to that, or even what that means.

“...Midoriya…you don’t have to tell me,” Toshinori assures him, and then, “but...if you want to share...I’m listening.”  

If he’s truthful with himself, he wants to know. He’s invested with this boy’s case at this point, and more than that, he’s worried for him. He’s concerned about this child.

Izuku takes in a long, deep breath and holds it for a long, long while.

“...There were three of us.”

All other thoughts fade away, and Toshinori rests his chin on his knuckles and listens.

“...I...I-I don’t know why we were there or what he wanted from us,” Izuku says, and it’s really, really hard to tell exactly what he’s feeling, by his tone of voice. “But, there were three of us. Me, another boy, a-and--”

His voice stops. There’s a pause. Then he continues.

“...We were training to be villains,” Izuku goes on. “O-Or, they were training us to be villains. The reason I got so good at fighting was because they made me. I-If I didn’t do what they wanted, they…”

Toshinori takes in a breath. “Midori--”

“There was this one villain,” Izuku interrupts, plunging forward. “He was the leader’s second in command, or-or something. He hated us. W-When we didn’t do what he wanted, or when we talked back to him, he--disobeyed his own orders and, he--he--”

Toshinori feels a sudden rush of something--the kind of feeling he gets when he sees a person in distress, when he sees someone backed into a corner and wants nothing more than to save them.

“...When I was...nine,” Izuku goes on, “we were--the three of us, I-I mean, we...we were brought by our leader to this...building. We had...we had no idea…”

His voice is picking up speed.

“...Midoriya, if you want to stop--”

Izuku doesn’t stop. He probably can’t stop at this point. “He brought us there, and--and there was that villain. The one who...the one who always hurt us, the one who...w-who always yelled at us. He was tied up, w-with his hands behind his back, and he--”

Toshinori almost doesn’t want to know, but he’s invested now, and Izuku doesn’t seem like he’ll be stopping anytime soon.

“--He was scared,” Izuku says, and yes, that is a strain in his voice. He is struggling. “It...it was the first time any of us had seen him scared like that. A-And then, our leader, he--he gave Ko-chan a knife, a-and…he told her to kill him.”

This story is going south, Toshinori knows it. There’s a reason for Izuku’s scars, for Izuku’s pain, and he feels like this might be it, he feels it but he doesn’t want to, he almost, almost doesn’t want to hear the rest of it.

“She didn’t,” Izuku says, voice suddenly sharp. “She didn’t, a-and--and our leader, he, he knew she wouldn’t be able to, he knew, but he still--”

Oh no.

No, no, no, no--

“He killed her,” Izuku chokes. “He killed her, r-right in front of me, a-and...and I couldn’t...I couldn’t do anything to stop it.”

There’s a sudden rush of silence, a sudden rush of nothingness that mirrors Toshinori’s current thought process. When his train of thought is back on the rails, it speeds on relentlessly, and all he can think of is children, they were children, Izuku and this girl, they were children--

“After that, I...I rebelled,” Izuku goes on, and the strain from his voice is gone, replaced with this bitter something. “I told him I wanted no part in what he was doing and that I wouldn’t...I wouldn’t stand around and tolerate it anymore. A-And then...and then he grabbed me. I-I don’t...at the time, I-I didn’t know, exactly, what he did, but--he forced one on me. A Quirk, I mean.”

Oh.

…

Oh--

“I think…” Izuku takes in a breath, holds it, then lets it go and keeps going. “I think he did it thinking it’d...thinking it’d slow me down, or maybe--maybe even kill me. But...”

He lowers his head, and his hands shake.

“...He underestimated the strength of someone who’d already lost everything.”  

Toshinori puts all other thoughts out of his mind and focuses on this boy in front of him, this boy who’d been through hell, who’d literally witnessed what sounds like a horrible, gruesome murder--and not only that, but the murder of someone he knew. The murder of someone…

...Someone he probably called a friend.

“Were you two...close?” Toshinori asks, hardly wanting to voice the question at all. “The girl, was she...was she a friend?”

“My sister.”

“...Oh.”

There’s a moment that follows in which Toshinori feels like he’s been stabbed in the chest.

“...Our parents didn’t want us,” Izuku says. “They left us for dead. Ko-chan was...I think she was three, and I was...two years younger than her, so one. The villains found us and raised us and one more to be like them. Right up until…”

Toshinori nods stiffly. He doesn’t know what to say.

“It’s why I want to be a hero so badly,” Izuku goes on. “Because...I-I mean, after what happened to K-Ko...the thought of that happening to anyone else, just...I-I...I can’t take it.”

“I understand,” Toshinori says, but it’s a lie, he doesn’t understand. There’s no possible way he could understand even a tiny bit of what this boy has gone through, the things he’s seen.

“But I can’t,” Izuku says sharply, and Toshinori feels almost physically yanked by the whiplash. “My Quirk, it’s...it’s…i-it belongs to a villain. It’s...it’s a villain’s Quirk. I can’t be a hero with it.”

“...What exactly does your Quirk do, Midoriya?”

“I can twist and warp a person’s senses,” Izuku answers simply. It feels rehearsed. “I have little to no control over it, though. It’s just...output. I can’t direct all of it at a single person. Some of it slips through the cracks either way.”

“Senses,” Toshinori repeats, and Izuku nods.

“That includes most of your nerves,” Izuku elaborates. “S-Since pain is a feeling and feelings are senses, I--I can twist that, too. Amplify it, or take it away. But I can’t really control it fully. It’s...it’s foreign, this Quirk. It...it’s like an extra limb was sewn onto me. It’s there, but...I can’t...really control it.”

A Quirk, forced on him. Toshinori has a serious sense of deja vu--he’s heard this before. Stories of people with Quirks forced upon them against their will. A villain with the ability to do that.

“...Your eyes,” Toshinori says, remembering. “...They were bleeding.”

Izuku doesn’t flinch. “I can’t turn it off.”

“...What?”

“My Quirk,” Izuku says, looking at him. Toshinori can still see golden flecks in his irises. “I can’t turn it off. The most I can do, to keep from hurting anyone I don’t want to hurt...is redirect it on myself.”

It’s like something out of a horror film, really. And, like something out of a horror film, Toshinori doesn’t want to believe any of it is real.

But it is. It makes sense now.

“...And that’s why,” Izuku says, “I can’t be a hero. This Quirk, it isn’t...it isn’t even mine. I can’t--I can’t become a hero with a power that doesn’t belong to me--”

“Yes you can.”

Izuku’s head snaps up. “What?”

Toshinori folds his hands together and takes in a breath.

I can’t give One For All to this kid. It would literally destroy him, mentally, physically, emotionally.

But…

“...Let me tell you the story,” Toshinori begins. “About how I became a hero.”

And then, he tells him. Not the whole story. He leaves out the part of All For One and the origins of One For All, but aside from that, he leaves nothing hidden. He tells Izuku about One For All, knowing the boy will keep it a secret, and the boy listens attentively, eyes wide and full of...something Toshinori can’t be sure of.

But he tells him. Toshinori tells him the story; himself, Quirkless, a mentor who believed in him, who gave him power so that he could become a hero.

“...It seems almost improper,” Toshinori says, once he’s finished, “to compare it with your situation, but...your power, Midoriya...it belongs to you. Not the villain who gave it to you. This power is yours, and it’s for you to use however you like.”

Izuku ducks his head. Toshinori can’t see his eyes. “I can’t,” Izuku breathes.

“You can,” Toshinori says.

“I can’t!” Izuku snaps, and he sounds genuinely distressed. “I can’t control it, don’t you know!? I wanted to kill him, there’s no way you can think that’s okay--!”

“The villain,” Toshinori cuts in, “was going to murder you. And he was going to murder that little girl. You had to be snapped out of it, but, Izuku...you were snapped out of it. And I think...if you wanted to, and only if you wanted to…”

He pauses. Izuku says nothing.

“...You can become a hero.”

The words hang in the air for a good long while. When Izuku’s voice comes back, it’s strained and soft.

“...I don’t think I can.”

“I know you can,” Toshinori says. “And...if you’ll allow me...I’d like to help you.”

Izuku looks up at him again. “What do you mean?”

“I’ll help you,” Toshinori repeats. “If you want to be a hero, if that’s your goal...I’m not perfect, and I don’t expect you to accept my help right away, or even at all, but if you’d like, I could help train and prepare you.”

Izuku’s eyes shine. It’s not much, but they shine. The gold is almost completely gone now, leaving behind deep green.

“...You...You would do that,” Izuku says, and Toshinori thinks it’s a question, even though it’s posed as a statement. “Even though you know my story, even though you know where I came from...even though you know what I am--”

“Who, Midoriya,” Toshinori corrects, “who, not what. Don’t degrade yourself like that.”

“But--” Izuku blinks, looking caught somewhere between confused and helpless. “I...I grew up a villain, how--”

“Your roots do not define the person you become,” Toshinori cuts in, before he can degrade himself again. “That’s up to you, Midoriya.”

The silence stretches on for what feels like decades. For a moment, Toshinori doesn’t think it will ever break.

And then,

“...I accept,” Izuku says, looking at him again. “I...I’ll have to ask my mom, first, and make sure she’s okay with it, but...as for me, I...I think I’ll be okay. With you training me.”

Toshinori nods. “And only if you’re sure,” he says. “You can back out any time.”

“I’ll be okay,” Izuku says, meeting his eyes. “Thank you, Toshinori-san. I...I’ll become a hero.”

And Toshinori sees something new in his eyes, as he utters those words. He’s seen anger and fear and pain in Izuku’s gaze before, but now, as he looks into the boy’s eyes…

...He sees determination.

Toshinori smiles. He wants to reach out and ruffle the kid’s hair, but doesn’t. “I’m glad,” he says instead, smiling. “You’re going to be a great hero, Midoriya. I know it.”

Izuku doesn’t smile--Toshinori isn’t sure he can--but his eyes shine brighter than ever before.
Notes:

    SO SOME ANSWERS NOW!! :D FINALLY

    Anyway, a lot of you guys assumed that Izuku would not be receiving OFA in this AU, and you were right. But there is plenty of Dad Might to come, so!! Yeah!! :D I'm looking forward to it! :D

    For now, I'm gonna let this chapter kinda rest here for a while. Gotta plot my next moves! :D I already know where I want the fic to go and what I want to do with it, so!! I'm excited!! :D

    Also, I wanted to mention this here: This fic will still be Izuku's journey to become a hero, but it'll be more centered on him recovering, meeting friends, and just...healing from everything he's been through. So we'll still be following through a set plot and everything, but there'll be lots of recovery elements and lots of friendship and comfort and whatnot so. Yeah. I'm looking forward to it, and I hope you all are along for the ride! :D

    Anyway, thank you all so much for your support!! I think I responded to everyone's comments hekrjhskdf. I hope I didn't miss anyone. Your support means the literal world to me, so thank you so much!!! :D

    Until next time, go beyond!! PLUS ULTRA!!!!!

Chapter 6
Notes:

    aRT!!

    rip-aizawa

    sataniasblog (Warning for Blood)

    fingerspellingtopassthetime

    solarflare-vulpix

    badtouchman

    voiiddraws

    Also, this fic now has a TV Tropes page! I have no idea who started that, but thank you very much!! I'm flattered!! :D Enjoy the chapter!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“I wanted to assure you that your son will not receive any sort of punishment for his actions today,” Naomasa says, once he and Inko are alone in the hallway outside the hospital room. “Considering the position he was in and the stress he was under, it wouldn’t be fair for us to hand out any form of punishment, despite his Quirk usage against the villain being technically against the law.”

Inko nods. It’s hard to read this woman, Naomasa thinks; either way, he isn’t about to get in the way of her and her son. She gives off this vibe, and he has no doubt she’d tear him or anyone else into pieces if they tried harming her boy.

“I wanted to speak with you regarding his Quirk and his medical complications,” Naomasa continues. “I have it down that the request for Quirk suppressants was accepted...five years ago?”

“Around five years ago,” Inko confirms, nodding shortly. “We only use them if we suspect his Quirk could go haywire, and it’s a considerably light dosage, just enough to force it down.”

Naomasa nods. “I was speaking to our higher-up in light of the villain attack,” he continues, “and we’ve sent in clearance for him to carry stronger Quirk suppressants with him at all times. Not just for his own safety, but for the safety of the people around him.”

She nods again, taking this in. “That makes sense,” she says, and although she isn’t the easiest person to read, Naomasa can definitely see pain in her eyes. “Thank you. I appreciate you talking to me about this.”

“Ah, it’s the least I can do,” Naomasa says, and it really, really is; he doesn’t know a whole lot about Inko or her son, but he knows enough. He was one of the detectives leading the investigation, after the kid was brought in by Ingenium six years ago.

“Thank you for your time.” Naomasa bows, then straightens up. “I’ll let you get back to your son.” When he thinks about it, he pulls a notebook from his pocket, jots something down, then tears out the page and hands it to her. “Feel free to call me any time. The doctors should get back to you on Midoriya-kun’s Quirk suppressants soon.”

Inko takes the slip of paper, looks at it a moment, then folds it in half and stows it in her pocket. “Thank you,” she says, and Naomasa merely nods and tips his hat.

The door of the hospital room opens, and out steps Toshinori. In all his years of knowing him, Naomasa doesn’t think he’s ever seen the man look more drawn and exhausted.

The farewells are bid, and while Inko returns to the hospital room with her son, Toshinori and Naomasa flank each other and start down the hallway in the opposite direction.

“So,” Naomasa says, quietly, “you spoke to him? The boy?”

Toshinori takes in a breath. He doesn’t say anything for a long moment. “...That poor kid…”

Naomasa nods stiffly.

“How much do you know, about his situation?” Toshinori asks, and Naomasa sighs heavily.

“I know whatever the investigation team managed to scavenge. That he was born without a Quirk but ended up with one, that there’s no record of him anywhere, and…”

Toshinori’s eyes bear into his. “And?”

“...He escaped the hospital once or twice, after Ingenium found him,” Naomasa says stiffly. “He was on Quirk suppressants back then, so he couldn’t blow away the staff with his power, but he got past the security every time. We always chased him down, in the end, before he got very far, but...eventually, we decided to investigate in the direction he was headed.”

Toshinori says nothing.

“We found a building,” Naomasa goes on. “Way, way out there, in part of an abandoned suburb. It was structurally unstable at first, so we had a group of heroes come in and secure it before we carried out the investigation. We found...well, we found villains, first of all. Several of them, in deep states of unconsciousness. Also…”

The double doors open for them, and they step out of the hospital, into the light of the setting sun.

“...We found the body of a young girl,” Naomasa says. “We did a DNA sample, and…”

“Kowareta,” Toshinori says, and Naomasa turns to him. “She was Midoriya’s older sister.”

Naomasa nods stiffly, and in his mind he wonders what kind of twisted people would murder a little girl, murder a child, but he’s been a detective long enough to know that the world really is just that sick and demented, that there are people out there—villains, monsters—who would do such a thing.

“The doctors examined her body to determine what actually killed her,” Naomasa goes on, “and from the x-rays...it looked like every bone in her body had been twisted and snapped. Her internal organs were damaged beyond what could be fixed, and if that didn’t kill her already, the bloodloss would’ve.”

It makes his stomach twist, thinking about this, but he turns towards Toshinori and doesn’t let it show.

“...And now you’ve spoken with the boy, too,” Naomasa says. “So you know his side of the story?”

Toshinori nods stiffly, pain and exhaustion ebbed deep in his eyes. “...Tsukauchi...that girl, Kowareta...and Midoriya, his Quirk…”

“...All For One,” Naomasa says simply. They’re both thinking it. “He’s the only villain out there that can forcefully put Quirks on people like that, not to mention keep an operation like that so under wraps…”

“He forced something onto her, too,” Toshinori says. “Kowareta. All For One knew she wouldn’t be able to handle having a Quirk forced onto her, so he killed her by doing exactly that.”

Naomasa takes in a breath through his nose. He feels suddenly very drained. “That’s what it looks like, yeah.”

Toshinori looks down for a long moment, hands clenched into fists at his sides.

“I hope that bastard burns in hell.”

Naomasa lets out a breath, but nods his agreement. “We can at least be glad that you defeated him, when you did,” he says. “By the way it sounds, you fought him a year or so after Midoriya-kun was rescued by Ingenium. He’s long gone now.”

Toshinori nods, the movement small. “...I do have one last question,” he says, looking up. “The boy, Midoriya...does he know? How Kowareta was killed?”

Naomasa’s breath gets stuck in his throat.

“...No. No, he doesn’t.”

“Damn brat, this is the third time we’ve had to treat her for cuts. Do you care about her at all? Do you even give a damn that one slip of the knife could literally kill her?”

“No, I-I do care, I-I do—!”

“Then you’ll work harder at your aim. We ain’t gonna keep treating her injuries. If you don’t want her to die, you’ll do literally whatever you can to handle those knives better. Do you understand me?”

“I-I do, I-I do, I promise.”

His forearm is bandaged—he hadn’t noticed it before, but he remembers being cut by a piece of torn up car that’d been flung at him. He sighs, reaching over and running his fingers along the bandages.

“Ko-chan?”

Her arms are bandaged. Both of them. “What’s up?” she asks, turning to look at him. They have a room, not a cage, but even their shared bedroom is dehumanizing. There are three beds, small. A window way up high. Dark walls.

Very dark.

“A-Are...your arms,” he says, moving towards where she’s sitting on the floor, fiddling with a small pocket knife idly. Knives are usually his thing, but she’s been trained, too. Not as intensely as him, but still. “...The gashes, do you think they’ll...do you think they’ll scar?”

Ko-chan shrugs. “Maybe,” she says, scooting aside needlessly and patting the spot next to her. He sinks down, drawing his knees to his chest. “Either way, I don’t care.”

“I do,” he says, and his eyes burn. “I care.”

She gives him a look. “Listen,” she says, “I know you care, but...it’s like I said before. If you weren’t forced to do this, you wouldn’t, and I know you wouldn’t. You just have to...you have to remember that, Kitten. You have to remember that. Okay?”

“...Okay.”

Another scar, probably, he thinks, clenching his teeth behind his lips. Great.

It’s...quiet, in the hospital room. The doctors are going to be taking him off Quirk suppressants soon, which is good; if his Quirk comes back on, though, they’ll have to keep injecting him. Usually a few doses of Quirk suppressants turns off his Quirk—”resets it,” so to say. He only hopes it happens quickly, he’s never been the biggest fan of hospitals and even though he has most of the comforts of home here with him—Mom, blankets, his kittens, and his favorite hoodie—he still misses his own room. The white walls aren’t bad—at least they aren’t black—but he’d rather they be colorful.

Mom is perched on the chair in the corner of the room, filling out a clipboard, and Izuku’s kittens are curled either on top of him or beside him. Their warmth and purrs makes him feel at home, when he shuts his eyes to block out the view of the hospital room.

He doesn’t say anything, and his mother doesn’t, either. The silence is welcoming, and Izuku has half a mind to fall asleep again then and there (and only half a mind—the other part of him, the part closest in touch with recent events, would keep him awake with a fear of the nightmares he knows would come).

And then there’s a knock at the door, and Mom looks up as Izuku turns his head. Mom rises to her feet, settling the clipboard down on her chair behind her before crossing the room.

She opens it. Izuku can see the doctor just beyond the threshold.

“I have two people in the waiting room who would like to see Midoriya-kun,” the doctor explains. “A little girl, and an older man. I told them I would have to ask the two of you first, make sure you were alright with it.”

Yatchi. The little girl has to be Yatchi. As for the man...perhaps Yatchi’s father?

Mom turns to look at him, and although she says nothing, Izuku can see the unspoken question written clearly on her face.

“...Maybe...for a little bit,” Izuku says. Talking with Toshinori earlier had been...draining, to put it lightly, and while it hadn’t been especially hard to tell the man about his past, once he’d started...it still took a lot out of him, to remember.

He’s glad he did it, though.

Mom nods to the doctor, who leaves with a promise to return shortly. Mom doesn’t move back to her spot in the corner, rather staying by the door to await the arrivals, and Izuku pushes himself into a sitting position. He isn’t nearly as exhausted as before, and it isn’t hard. Rainbow gives a little mrrow of protest when he moves, but soon enough the kitten is making itself comfortable again by his side.

And then the door bursts open, and in tumbles Yatchi.

There’s no moment, no second, no time to prepare himself or even call out; Yatchi barrels across the room as fast as she can and promptly dives right into Izuku’s arms.

“Come on, come on, we’re nearly there!”

“I-I don’t think we should be doing this,” he says, stumbling as Ko-chan drags him along. “I-If we get caught—”

“We just won’t get caught, then, it’s that simple!” she says, beaming at him, and somehow that smile erases his worries, cuts through the dark like a powerful flashlight. “Besides, we might never get another chance like this! We have to!”

There’s something about the tone of her voice, that smile on her face, that has him agreeing with her. They head down the winding corridors—they’ve done this often, they know this terrain well—and finally come to an enormous door at the end of the tunnel.

It’s not locked, they know this. He and Ko-chan reach out and began pulling and tugging on the handle until eventually, at long, long last, they manage to open it. A breeze of cold, biting wind hits him in the face, through his thin clothing, everywhere, but it’s...it’s somehow the most wonderful thing he’s ever felt.

“Come on, hurry!” Ko-chan says, beaming again, and she takes him by the forearm and pulls him outside, into the night. It’s not like they can escape; surrounding them on all sides is a legitimate electric fence, and they know from past attempts that it is not something to be messed around with.

Ko-chan lets go of his arm. The building lays behind them and the fence ahead, but he feels almost free outside, in the cold, in the wind. He feels real.

Ko-chan tilts her head back, and he stops alongside her and follows her gaze.

Above them stretch millions of stars. It’s dark above, dark behind, dark all around, but the stars are there, bright and brilliant, and...he’s never seen them like this before. He’s never seen anything so increible.

“...Wow,” he breathes, and he can’t help the smile that tugs at his lips. It feels unnatural, on his face, but perfect at the same time. “...It’s...it’s so pretty, Ko-chan…”

Her hand squeezes his, and he tightens his fingers around hers immediately. They don’t turn their gazes from the stars, don’t look at each other, but they don’t need to.

“...We’re going to get out of here someday, Kitten,” she tells him, and she says it in such a way that he absolutely, completely believes her. “Someday...you, and me...we’ll escape. We’ll get out of here, the two of us. I promise we will.”

She squeezes his hand, tighter.

“I promise.”

And as they watch the stars, as they feel the cold, as they stand in awe, and even when they return to their cell of a bedroom, even when they continue on, even as they train the next day…

...He holds onto that promise and doesn’t let go.

“KO-CHAN! KOWARETA!”

He didn’t consent to this and there are millions of red flags going off in his head. He feels Yatchi’s arms around him and he’s screaming at himself to get away, to make her let go because no, he isn’t ready for this, he’s not, he’s not.

But for some reason, he...doesn’t push her away. He doesn’t return the embrace, sure, but he doesn’t force her back, doesn’t flash Mom the “safe” gesture, doesn’t ask someone to get her off.

He raises a hand and pats her head a little awkwardly, but it seems to be enough. She pulls back finally, and he hates that he’s glad she did, but when she smiles at him, he’s reminded. He remembers.

The man in the doorway—Yatchi’s father, by the resemblance—takes a step forward. Yatchi hops off the hospital bed, and Izuku’s cats swarm him again, though for the first time, he ignores them.

He meets eyes with the man for a moment.

Not a threat.

“I want to thank you, personally,” he says, and to Izuku’s surprise, he bows lowly, and Izuku is too shocked to say anything. “Thank you for saving my daughter. If it weren’t for you, I...I don’t know where we’d be right now.”

“You can become a hero.”

It’s...odd.

Everything.

He feels odd, his thoughts aren’t coming together the way they should, and...he’s never been... thanked before. Let alone for actually rescuing someone.

He opens his mouth. The thought that comes to mind is, Yatchi rescued me, too. She snapped me out of it. She’s the reason I’m here right now.

The words won’t come. His breath isn’t there. He feels vaguely like he’s being strangled, but it’s not even...a bad feeling. It’s just, not something he’s familiar with. He doesn’t understand.

He sees Mom smile at him and give him a thumbs up, and in his head he hears her words. He’d been twelve when she said them. He’s not sure she remembers but he does. He holds onto these words. He’s never forgotten.

“Izuku, sweetheart…”

“...You’re welcome,” he manages, somehow.

“...You’d make a great hero.”

Ko-chan hadn’t kept her promise. She hadn’t been able to. He doesn’t resent her, he can’t; if anything, the only thing he feels is a bone-deep regret.

But…

I promise, he finds himself swearing, as Yatchi beams, then bows clumsily alongside her father, like she’s not entirely sure whether or not she should be doing it, I promise, Ko-chan.

...As long as I have a say in it...I won’t let anyone suffer like you suffered. I won’t lose anyone else.

I promise.

I swear it.

No matter what.
Notes:

    Sorry this is a tad shorter than usual sdhfksdf. I actually had two major heart episodes earlier and blacked out twice so I'm kind of feeling less than stellar, but I wanted to give you guys this anyway, and I hope you enjoy it!! :)

    I'm tired rn, so I'll just leave this here, but thank you all so much for all your continued support! It means the world to me, really, it does. Thank you so much! :)

    Cya next chapter! *\o/*

Chapter 7
Notes:

    No art this time around, but huuuuuge thank you to the artists who have done things for me!! You guys rock! :D

    Enjoy the chapter y'all! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Home, is all Izuku can think, flopping face-down onto his bed. Surrounded by warmth, comfort, and his walls full of knives, he exhales deeply and closes his eyes.

Home.

His kittens roam the room freely, apparently just as glad to be back as he is. Most of them end up on the bed with him as he burrows himself beneath his mound of blankets and stuffed animals and curls into a ball. His eyes are still closed, so he can’t see, but he can feel the kittens curling against him, purring, and he lets out another long sigh of relief.

For the first time since the villain attack, he allows himself a moment of relaxation.

Mom makes dinner—katsudon, a meal he’s come to associate with “home” and “safe,” so it’s perfect for tonight. He eats what he can and sharpens a knife for the remainder of the meal; Mom seems satisfied with how much he’d eaten, because she doesn’t prompt him to eat more, rather storing the leftovers in the fridge for if he wants it tomorrow.

Mom kisses him goodnight, reminds him that he can always come get her if he needs her, and he nods and heads to bed, his cats hot on his heels. They’ve started following him around; he can’t go anywhere anymore without six tiny, purring escorts.  

Not that he’s complaining.

Sleeping in his own room, alone aside from the kittens, doesn’t last long, and he eventually finds himself crawling into bed with Mom. He doesn’t do it now as much as he did when he was little, but in light of recent events, he really doesn’t feel like being alone.

She always understands, opening her arms to him and never asking for an explanation, which he appreciates. Explaining himself sometimes can be…

…

…

...Difficult. And he’s glad she doesn’t make him.

He’s convinced his cats are mini godsends. Their warmth, their life, their constant happiness, almost makes up for Izuku’s lack thereof. He’s glad he has them, glad his mother let him take them in.

“I bought some new dye yesterday,” Mom says, and Izuku lowers his book to look at her. The kittens are either hanging off his sleeves, curled on his lap or, in one case, on his head, and Mom smiles. “Whenever you want to redo it is fine with me.”

Izuku nods, setting down his book on the coffee table, careful not to shift the cats. He reaches and pulls Fluffy off his head; the kitten mrows in protest, but calms down again the moment Izuku settles her in his lap.

“Are you...busy now?” he asks.

Mom shakes her head.

Roughly an hour later, Izuku’s hair is drying, but he can already tell by looking in the mirror that it’s almost completely green again. The exception is the roots, but it’s an exception he can live with; the majority of it is green, and that’s enough for him.

It’s relaxing, just, being home while things slowly yet surely return to normal (or, as “normal” as things can get when Izuku is involved). He’s glad to be out of the hospital; he’s never felt very comfortable in them, not without Mom.

He’s wandering around the house, dangling a piece of string that the kittens keep going after and attacking, when there’s a knock at the door.

Mom looks up from the coffee table from where she’s bent over papers, and Izuku raises his head to meet her eyes. He nods at her, and she rises to her feet while Izuku bends down, scoops the kittens into his arms, and ducks behind the couch with them.

He hears Mom open the door, and he peaks his head up from behind the couch to watch.

“Good morning, Midoriya-san,” says Toshinori from beyond the door. Izuku still has a hard time believing this man is actually “All Might,” but either way. “I came to speak with you, if you have the time.”

“Oh,” Mom says, blinking. “One second.”

She closes the door, then looks over her shoulder at Izuku. “Is this okay with you, or do you want me to tell him to leave?”

Izuku shrugs, straightening up and moving to sit on the couch instead of crouching behind it. “It’s okay,” he says, releasing the kittens when they squirm. “He’s fine, I don’t mind him.”

Toshinori may be the first person apart from Mom and Kagami-san (and possibly Kirishima and Yatchi, possibly) that he genuinely doesn’t mind.

Actually, for perhaps the first time in his life, Izuku is curious. Toshinori offered to help Izuku become a hero, to help train him even after he heard Izuku’s story, even after he knew Izuku’s origins, what he once was.

Now he’s come to their home, and Izuku wants to know why.

Mom lets him in, and Toshinori steps into the house meekly, bowing and apologizing for the intrusion. Mom offers him a chair, and he declines, saying that he’d rather stand (which only further heightens Izuku’s curiosity).

The two of them cross the room, and Mom sits on the couch beside Izuku while Toshinori offers him a smile, one Izuku acknowledges with a nod and nothing more. Rainbow hops off the couch to investigate the newcomer, though Toshinori doesn’t seem to acknowledge her.

“What’s this about?” Mom asks in a tone Izuku has heard quite often—it’s a stern, almost warning kind of voice; she’s used it on snooping neighbors a lot in the past.

Toshinori takes in a breath. “I’m not here to waste your time,” he says, “so I’ll cut right to the chase. I wasn’t completely honest with you when I introduced myself; my civilian name is Yagi Toshinori, but I am more commonly known to the public as All Might.”

Izuku hadn’t recognized the name when he first heard it, but Mom certainly does. Her eyes widen, but other than that, her face doesn’t change.

“Go on.”

“I sustained an injury and cannot perform hero work for more than three hours each day,” Toshinori goes on. “I came here to tell you who I really was, and to ask you a question regarding your son.”

Mom’s tone doesn’t change, either. “What about my son?”

“I spoke with him for a bit,” Izuku answers; both Mom and Toshinori turn to him immediately, and he goes on: “He offered to help train me to become a hero.”

Mom’s eyes widen, but she doesn’t seem over the top surprised. Izuku raises his head to Toshinori, and the man nods, then starts up again.

“Yes,” Toshinori says, “that is true, but I wanted to ask your permission beforehand, Midoriya-san.”

“Inko is fine,” Mom says, and then, on the topic at hand, “Where would you be training him, and how?”

“Dagobah beach,” Toshinori says, “and how depends all on Izuku. I won’t push any boundaries or do anything that I know would harm him, I assure you.”

“You’d be gearing him up to attend a hero course through high school, I assume.”

“Yes, that is the goal.”

“Which hero school?”

“U.A., if at all possible. We’re aiming for the most prestigious hero academy there is, but I have an acquaintance there who I think will be able to help Izuku learn to control his Quirk. There are a lot of skilled individuals there, and I think, even if getting accepted is a challenge, that being there will benefit Izuku a lot.”

Mom pauses, then turns back to him. “Are you okay with this, Izuku? You trust him?”

“Trust” is...a very strong word. Izuku has never trusted easily, never, but All Might is a hero, and he’s never gotten any bad signals from the man, in or out of hero form. Izuku has learned how to distinguish between threats and not-threats (and empty threats, too, in some cases), and All Might—Yagi Toshinori—falls into the “not-threat” category. Izuku is sure All Might is a threat to villains, of course, but not to him.

He nods. “I do.”

Mom nods as well, then looks Toshinori in the eyes. “If Izuku wants to, then I have no objections.”

Toshinori blinks twice, like he wasn’t expecting it to be this easy, but then, he nods firmly.

“Thank you. I won’t let either of you down, I promise.”

Toshinori doesn’t know how he winds up sitting on the couch beside Inko while Izuku bustles about in the kitchen. Inko had, with Izuku’s consent, asked Toshinori if he’d like to stay awhile just so the two of them could talk, and Toshinori really had no right to say no, considering this woman is trusting her son to him.

Speaking of,

“I’ll be honest,” Toshinori says, “I wasn’t expecting you to agree to me training Izuku so quickly.”

Inko nods. “If Izuku wants to do something and is comfortable doing it,” she says, “then I like backing him up. He seemed excited, actually, when you walked in.”

Toshinori blinks. The most he’d seen Izuku do was stare at his cats and occasionally raise his head. “...Excited?”

“He doesn’t show it how most people would expect,” Inko says, “but there are ways to tell, once you get to know him better. Also, regarding my agreement, there aren’t many people who stand a chance against him when he’s threatened, so I know he’ll be able to take care of himself if it comes down to that.”

Honestly, Toshinori wouldn’t have believed Izuku could take care of himself if he hadn’t seen how he reduced the sludge villain to a puddle of unmoving muck. The villain himself is actually being treated by medical professionals in the confides of prison and has yet to regain consciousness.

“I do have a question,” Toshinori says, “and if this is too personal, or you’d rather not answer, then feel free to tell me off.”

“Alright, go on.”

“Why did you choose to adopt Izuku?”

Inko swishes her cup of tea for a moment. “I happened to have a bit of involvement in his case myself,” she says, “so, as soon as I heard there was a child…”

Toshinori blinks. “Involvement?”

Inko nods. “I’m a lawyer,” she clarifies simply. “I was called in by a friend who needed an opinion, and I ended up...well...getting invested in the case myself, not as a lawyer, but, as a person.” Inko sets her tea down on the coffee table and takes in a long breath. “You know, I’d never planned to adopt a child. When I adopted Izuku, it was right after my husband up and left, so I wasn’t in the best spot in a lot of ways.”

Toshinori says nothing, but he nods to show he’s listening.

“When my friend told me about the case,” Inko says, “and said there was a child involved, that he was traumatized and hurt and that no one knew what to do with him...I don’t know, it struck me really hard. Once he’d stabilized some, I asked if I could meet him, and, well...when I saw him…”

She opens the door, and he crashes into her leg.

She’s almost surprised at how little the impact has on her, the fact that the boy is thrown nearly five feet back while she is barely fazed, but she knows all too well. She’s seen situations like this far too many times.

She’s seen cases of domestic abuse, she’s spoken with children who’d come from abuse families, and it breaks her heart every time. Now, she sees that same kind of fear, that same kind of denial, that same kind of panic in this boy’s eyes, as he stares at her from where he is on the floor, as the doctors make to approach but don’t, as the boy’s chest heaves and his eyes lock with hers.

The moment their eyes meet, Inko is invested. She sees pain and fear and panic in this child’s wide eyes, but beyond that, she sees a deep, aching something. She sees a child who has been destroyed, a child who has had everything taken away from them. A child who’s lost everything.

He looks terrible, pale skinned, almost painfully thin. His forearms and legs are bandaged all the way down to his hands and feet, and Inko sees more bandages that disappear beneath his hospital gown. The only thing not completely bandaged is his face, but even then, there are wads of gauze taped over one cheek, and his forehead is wrapped with even more bandages.

A lot of things happen when she looks him in the eye, and when that moment passes, it leaves her with a newfound sense of purpose.

No one else would give a damn about this child as he is, sick and traumatized and hurt and honestly, dangerous, if the reports are anything to go by.

But she does. She’s barely known him for ten seconds and she already cares about him so much.

“...He needed me,” Inko says, “and I think I needed him, too. It was...it is, it still is...it’s a battle. Izuku does whatever he can, tries his best, talks to his therapist, and he’s getting better. He’s already made so much progress, and we’re still moving forward, and it’s hard, but it’s all been worth it. I wouldn’t change anything.”

Toshinori takes this in, then nods. “I’m glad the two of you have each other, then,” he says.

Inko smiles. “Me too.”

At that moment, Izuku steps down the hall and into the living room, holding a kitchen knife. It’s impossible for Toshinori to read exactly what he’s thinking, but Inko gets it immediately and rises to her feet.

“I’ll take care of it,” she says, taking the knife when he hands it out to her. “Give me a second.”

Izuku nods, and Inko retreats down the hall into the kitchen.

It’s weird, seeing Izuku give up a knife, even if it is a kitchen knife. “What’s wrong?” Toshinori asks.

Izuku looks him dead in the eyes and says in a flat tone of voice, “I can’t chop vegetables.”

It actually takes Toshinori a couple seconds to process this.

“...You can’t... what.”

“It’s weird I know,” Izuku says, “but I keep almost taking my fingers off whenever I try, so it’s better to just leave it to my mom.”

“But...I thought you were good with knives.”

“I am. Throwing knives. And sometimes slashing, depending on the situation. But I’m uncoordinated when it comes to actually chopping things.”

There’s a lot Toshinori doesn’t, will not, and can not understand about this boy, or even this family, so he doesn’t push it or ask again. Inko returns shortly thereafter, tells Izuku that everything has been chopped, and Izuku returns to the kitchen and Inko to the couch.

“He’s kind of chatty, once you get to know him,” Inko says absentmindedly, taking up her tea and stirring it. It stopped steaming a while ago. “Honestly, I thought it’d take longer, but he already seems pretty comfortable around you.”

It’s about the highest form of compliment Toshinori can receive, so he smiles. “I’m glad.”

Izuku returns a while later saying that there’s curry available, and then he disappears to his room with a steaming bowl in his hands and his kittens following him in a straight line, like a bunch of ducklings after their mother. He hears the door of Izuku’s room shut, then turns back to Inko.

“I’d best be going,” he says, rising to his feet. “Thank you for the hospitality, and again, I’m sorry for coming uninvited.”

Inko nods and rises to her feet beside him with no objections. “Here,” she says, spinning on her heel, “let me get you some of the curry to take with you, at least. Izuku likes cooking for people when he can.”

Toshinori opens his mouth to tell her that it’s fine, but he thinks of Izuku and drops it. Inko returns with a tupperware of curry wrapped in a hand towel, plus a little note card with her phone number on it, and she sends Toshinori on his way with a smile and a thank-you.

When he tries it at home, Toshinori comes to the conclusion that it is, admittedly, some of the best curry he’s ever had.

Izuku goes out the next day. He feels...good, actually, which is weird considering he’d been in the hospital until just recently. The looks and stares he gets as he heads to the park don’t even bother him as much as they should (and normally do).

U.A. He’d looked up the school yesterday on his laptop after Toshinori left. A prestigious hero academy with a little to no acceptance rate, strict in its teaching, a well-revered school.

And Izuku is going to be a part of it.

Well, he is, if he can get his Quirk under control by then, which...well…

He isn’t looking forward to that part of it.

Izuku is just passing the park when he sees something flying towards him out of the corner of his eye. He raises a hand before he turns his head, and his fingers close around smooth plastic.

A frisbee.

He looks in the direction from whence it’d come; Yatchi sprints towards him with a smile on her face, and hot on her heels is none other than Kirishima.

“Oy!” Kirishima says, waving his hands over his head and beaming. “Dude! I haven’t seen you in a while, how’s it going?”

“It’s fine,” Izuku says, handing the frisbee back to Yatchi, who takes it and bounces around him in a circle for a moment. “How are things with you?”

“Oh, I mean, well, things are going great,” Kirishima answers, nodding. “But I’ve been worried like crazy about ya lately. You were in the hospital, right?”

“Yeah,” Izuku answers, and he thinks, vaguely, that he likes Kirishima quite a bit. He’s easy-going and admittedly a bit more touchy-feely than Izuku is comfortable with, but he hasn’t tried laying hands on him since that one incident on the day of their first meeting, which he appreciates. “But I’m fine now, don’t worry.”

Along with his knives in his pocket, he also has a syringe with the stronger Quirk suppressants the doctors and police warranted him with. They’re stronger than his pills, which is nice, but he still hopes he never has to use them.

“Well, I’m just hanging out with Yatchi now,” Kirishima says. “Her dad’s teaching me some more Sign, so that’s nice. You can hang out with us for a while, if you want.”

Izuku almost says no, but...he’s actually feeling okay, right now. And besides, he wants to get better as soon as he can, so he supposes the more he gets used to socializing, the better.

“Alright,” he agrees.

Yatchi’s father, Kawomoto-san, is a lot like Kirishima. Easy going, good-natured, and he respects Izuku’s boundaries, too (or, that might just be because Kirishima purposely sat between the two of them on the grass). They play a couple rounds of frisbee, and it goes better now than it did the last time. Only good things come out of this visitation.

Eventually, Yatchi and Kawomoto-san bid their farewells, and Yatchi thanks Izuku (in Sign) for playing with her, to which he returns the gesture (literally), and afterwards, they part ways.

Yatchi and Kawomoto-san head down the sidewalk one way, no doubt to the train station, and Izuku and Kirishima head down the opposite way, towards Kirishima’s place.

“You don’t have to walk with me if you’ve got somewhere better to be,” Kirishima says idly. “I mean, it’s great to have company, but—”

“It’s fine,” Izuku says.

“...Dude.”

“Yes?”

“Are you...worried we’ll get attacked again?”

“No.”

“...Are you sure?”

“Just let me walk with you.”

Kirishima gives him a look, but shrugs.

“Listen,” Izuku says, when he isn’t sure he’s being taken seriously, “that villain escaped prison once, so what makes you think he can’t do it again?”

Kirishima looks suddenly uncomfortable. “Um, buddy, I dunno if you’ve heard about this, since you’ve been in the hospital…”

“What is it.”

“Um—”

“Just say it.”

“The slime villain dude hasn’t woken up since that day,” Kirishima says, rubbing the back of his neck. “He’s been unconscious and getting some pretty heavy medical treatment, from what I’ve heard.”

Izuku doesn’t loose footing. “...Oh.”

“Yeah, um...you really totalled him, dude.”

“Yeah.”

“Are you...okay?”

“Processing.”

“Alright.”

They take a couple more steps—and then, Izuku realizes that Kirishima isn’t beside him anymore.

He stops and turns; Kirishima is a couple steps behind him, head down, fists balled at his sides. Izuku frowns at him for a long moment.

“...Um...what’s up?”

“I’m sorry,” Kirishima blurts. “That day, when the villain attacked...I couldn’t do anything. I was trying to get people out of the buildings, but—there was this—this weird—I don’t even know how to describe it, it was like some weird... block was in my head. I couldn’t think or move or anything, I just—”

“That was my fault.”

Kirishima blinks at him twice. “What?”

“I have a Quirk,” Izuku says, turning fully. “I accidentally set it off when the villain got ahold of Yatchi.”

“Oh, that’s right, I never asked what your Quirk was..”

The word “your” there leaves a bitter taste in his mouth, but Izuku nods, spins on his heel, and keeps walking. Kirishima follows him, jogging to catch up.

“It’s not something I’m proud of,” Izuku admits, “but, the Quirk lets me twist and control a person’s senses.”

“Oh,” Kirishima says, pondering. He cradles his chin with a hand, and then, with a grin, he snaps his fingers. “You know, that’d be great for hero work, actually! Just think about it, like, if you could blind a villain during a fight, or like, mess around with the way they see things or hear things, there’s a lot you could do!”

Izuku pauses. “I guess,” he says.

If I could control it, anyway...and if I was willing to use it on other people.

“Do you have a name for it?”

Izuku blinks. “A name?”

“For the Quirk,” Kirishima clarifies, and he raises his arm. “My Quirk is ‘Hardening.’ I can harden any part of my body ‘till it’s pretty much indestructible.”

“That’s pretty cool.”

“Yeah, but I mean, it’s not super flashy, or anything.” Kirishima sighs, shaking his head. “I probably won’t be that popular of a hero, honestly. Everyone’s more into the flashy Quirks and stuff, so I don’t really know how well I’ll do.”

“I’m sure you’ll do great,” Izuku says, and he isn’t sure why he says it, actually. “I’m trying to get into a hero academy through high school, but I don’t know if I’ll make the cut.”

“Oh sweet, which one?”

“U.A.”

“Oh, dude! Same hat!”

Izuku blinks.

“I mean, me too!” Kirishima says, grinning. “Like I said before, my Quirk isn’t anything super flashy, but I’m still going to try my best to get in! What a cool coincidence, that we’re both aiming for the same school and all.”

It is pretty cool, actually. Izuku hasn’t known Kirishima for very long, but he likes him; it’ll be nice to have someone he already trusts nearby in such an enormous school as U.A.

“Oh, wait, you never answered!”

“Never answered what?”

“Your Quirk!” Kirishima says, and he raises a hand as though to knock Izuku on the shoulder, but thinks better of it and halts. “You never told me what it’s called!”

“Oh, um, I don’t know. It’s not called anything.”

“Not called anything?”

“Nope.”

“Well, we can name it, then, right?”

Izuku frowns. “...I mean, if you really want to.”

“Alright!” There’s a spring in Kirishima’s step now, and he puts his hand to his chin again in deep thought. “Hmm...oh waitwaitwait, I know, how about ‘Pixel.’”

Izuku blinks. “Like a video game?”

“Yeah,” Kirishima says, “exactly like a video game. What do you think?”

Izuku ponders it for a while, then shakes his head. “...I don’t think it fits.”

Kirishima doesn’t seem hurt, but he does look confused. “Really? I thought it worked pretty well, honestly…do you have any ideas?”

Izuku does. The first thing that comes to mind is static, because that’s exactly what he feels whenever he’s actually using the Quirk, but, he affiliates static with a lot of horrible things, so he isn’t sure he wants it to name it that.

“It’s kind of...broken,” Izuku says, shrugging, “the Quirk, I mean. If that helps.”

“Oh, ohohoh, I’ve got it, I’ve really got it!” Kirishima leaps in front of Izuku and holds out his hands dramatically. “How about ‘Glitch’?”

“...You’re really sold on this ‘video game’ thing, aren’t you?”

“C’mon, it’s cool!” Kirishima says, grinning. “Glitches in video games can be really helpful sometimes, too, just by convenience. What do you think?”

‘Glitch,’ huh?

“...Sure,” Izuku says, shrugging again, “why not?”

Kirishima claps his hands together— “Great!” — and when Izuku starts walking again, Kirishima jogs to catch up once more. “Hey, dude, since we’re both aiming for U.A., we could even train together. You seem to know what you’re doing with those knives, so I’m sure there’s a lot I could learn from ya.”

It doesn’t take long for Izuku to think this over. “That’s fine,” he says. “I’m not sure how much I can teach you, but, I mean, I’ll do my best.”

“Great!” Kirishima actually does a little victory leap into the air, beaming brighter than ever. “Thanks a bunch, dude!”

Izuku nods. “I’m training with someone myself,” he says offhandedly, “so I might be able to talk to him, if you’d want to get help from him, too.”

“Hey, I mean, any help would be awesome,” says Kirishima, “so if the guy you’re training with doesn’t mind, that’s be sweet!”

“I’ll ask him,” Izuku says, making a mental note to do so when he meets up with Toshinori at Dagobah beach tomorrow. “It depends on what he says, though, so don’t get your hopes up.”

“I won’t,” Kirishima says, but Izuku has a feeling that he’s already doing the exact opposite.

They walk for some time—quite some time, actually—but then, something flashes in the corner of Izuku’s eye.

He has his hands on his knives immediately, on edge and ready to fight. Kirishima stops beside him, and Izuku hears him ask what’s wrong, but he doesn’t listen.

“The alley,” Izuku says, pointing with a knife. “Something moved in the alley.”

Kirishima smiles, but it looks like a wince. “I’m sure it’s nothing,” he says, “you don’t have to—w-wait, hang on—!”

Izuku has already taken off across the street to investigate, and Kirishima hastens to catch up with him.

“You can’t just go chasing after every weird thing that moves in the alleys!” Kirishima whisper-shouts as they come closer. “You don’t know what’s in there. This is how people get killed.”

Izuku isn’t listening. He continues on, and despite his protests, Kirishima follows anyway.

They come to the alley; the lights on Izuku’s shoes bounce off the walls and make the blades of his knives gleam. For a long moment, Izuku stands and stares, and Kirishima falls into place behind him.

“...Okay,” Kirishima says, blinking. “What the hell.”

There’s a cat standing across from them, one paw raised off the ground. It hisses at them, ears flat against its head, and Kirishima flinches back while Izuku presses forward.

“Dude,” Kirishima hisses. “What are you doing?”

“It’s hurt,” Izuku says, looking over his shoulder at Kirishima. “We can’t leave it here alone, it’ll die.”

“That thing’s gonna scratch the crap out of you,” Kirishima says, shaking his head. “I get where you’re coming from, but there’s a better way of handling this that doesn’t involve just, grabbing it.”

“You’re right,” Izuku says, looking him in the eye. “It’s a shame we don’t have someone with indestructible skin. That’d be really nice right now.”

Kirishima looks horrified. “No way. I’m sorry, but no way.”

“Holy crap it’s going to kill me.”

“You’re fine, just hold on.”

“It’s literally going to kill me Midoriya.”

The cat has been making low, growl-like meows ever since Kirishima activated his Quirk and took it into his arms, but it hasn’t actually tried to attack him. Izuku assumes it has to do with the fact that the cat is injured and no doubt too weak to do so.

“Dude.”

“Just, calm down.”

“I really don’t like the way it’s looking at me dude.”

“It’s just scared,” Izuku says, stepping up to his front porch and pulling out his apartment key. “It’ll calm down once we get its leg fixed and we leave it alone.”

The cat growls lowly again, and Kirishima winces. “Yeah sure, sure, please hurry—” Mmrrrrrrr “—holy crap please hurry.”

Izuku unlocks the door, then opens it.

“I’m home,” he says, stepping inside; Kirishima steps in behind him, still holding the snarling cat, and Izuku’s kittens come prancing down the hallway to see him.

“Hi, it’s good to see you again,” Izuku says, kneeling down to pet each of them, “but there’s something I have to do.”

Mom rounds the corner. Izuku doesn’t think he’s ever seen her look so shocked and dumbfounded before in the entire time he’s known her.

There is, first of all, the cat in Kirishima’s arms.

And secondly, there is Kirishima.

“Mom, this is Kirishima Ejirou,” Izuku introduces, swinging an arm and gesturing at him. “He’s…” He’s...what? “He’s a friend of mine. I met him a little while ago, right before the slime villain incident.”

Mom blinks twice on the word friend, but then she nods. “It’s nice to meet you, Kirishima,” she says warmly, and then, back at Izuku, “But why is there another cat?”

“We found it in the alley,” Kirishima says; the cat mrrows at him angrily, and he holds it as far away from him as he can without letting go. “It’s hurt, so we wanted to take care of it.”

Mom sighs, shoulders slumping. “This place will be infested before long if this keeps up…” she moans, but then, she straightens up again and starts forward with purpose. “Alright, let’s see what we can do…”

Bandaging the cat’s leg is hard all on its own. Kirishima is the one who ends up doing it while Izuku holds the cat, and the cat struggles, but ultimately submits, too weak to do much else. Afterwards, Mom gets an old towel from the bathroom and sets up a little spot in Izuku’s room for it (her—this is something they realized while bandaging the cat).

As soon as the cat is laying down on the towel after Izuku gave it some water, it falls asleep.

“Thanks for doing that,” Izuku says to Kirishima; the two of them, plus Mom, are by the door once again. “Sorry.”

“Nah, it’s fine,” Kirishima says, shaking his head. “If you don’t mind, I’d like to come back tomorrow and check on her, y’know, see how she’s doing.”

Mom and Izuku exchange a meaningful look, then turn back to Kirishima. “That’s fine,” Mom says, nodding. “It’s been wonderful meeting you, Ejirou-kun.”

“It’s been nice meeting you, too, Inko-san,” Kirishima answers, and with a clumsy bow and a wave that Izuku and Mom return, he sets out for home.

Later, Mom tries convincing Izuku to get some sleep that night, but in the end, his insomnia keeps him up, and he sits with the cat right up until around three in the morning, when he finally ends up falling asleep on the floor with his kittens on top of him.

Ejirou goes back the next day, and the door is answered by Inko-san almost as soon as he knocks.

“Ah, Ejirou-kun,” Inko says, smiling and stepping out of the doorway. “Please, come in.”

“Thanks for having me,” Ejirou says, bowing, and when he straightens up, he looks around. There’s no sign of Midoriya, or the kittens that’d been following him around yesterday when they brought the cat in. “...Where’s Midoriya?”

“He’s still sleeping, as far as I know,” Inko answers. “It’s odd. He’s usually up by this time.”

Ejirou nods. “Did you look at the cat at all this morning, or…?”

She’s shaking her head before he finishes speaking. “No, I haven’t. Izuku is a light sleeper, so I don’t want to do anything to wake him up if he’s still asleep.”

“Ahh, right, gotcha…” Ejirou looks down at the ground, feeling a bit awkward. “So, um—”

A door opens in another room down the hall, and Midoriya walks into the room, wearing an expression Ejirou has never seen before.

Apparently, it sends off red flags for Inko, too. “Izuku?” she says, starting towards him. “What’s wrong? What happened?”

Midoriya looks at her for a long moment, eyes wide, and then he turns to Kirishima. “You’re not gonna believe this,” he says.

“Why,” Inko says, burying her face in her hands. “Why.”

“You’re either cursed,” Ejirou says, eyes wide, “or incredibly stinkin’ lucky.”

The cat is currently nursing three newborn kittens, leg still bandaged from the previous night. When Midoriya reaches out, she lets him pet her head without any kind of protest.

“I think we won her over,” Midoriya says, raising his head, and although he doesn’t smile and his expression doesn’t change, something in his tone definitely does. “Do you wanna help me name them?”

“This is it, then,” Inko says, shaking her head. “We’re going to become our own personal little cat cafe.”

She says it with so much mock-drama that Ejirou can’t help but laugh, and even Midoriya exhales sharply through his nose in something that could be amusement.

Izuku and Kirishima become close friends after that. There are some things you can’t do without growing incredibly fond of each other, and saving an injured mama cat together is one of them.
Notes:

    One last cooldown chapter before things start picking up again! Thanks for hanging with me, y'all! I love you so much! :D

Chapter 8
Notes:

    Art!!

     

    goddessofsprinkles

     

    Thank you so much!! :D Enjoy the chapter y'all!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It takes a lot of courage for Izuku to drag out a blank notebook, then seat himself in front of the desk. He pulls a pencil (the only pencil) out of his knife-filled pencil cup, flips open the notebook, and stares down at the pages. His cats roam the room; Fistfight (the mother cat—Izuku had let Kirishima name her) walks right across his notebook, then perches at the edge of the desk. Her newborn kittens are sleeping in a small cardboard box stuffed with one of Izuku’s fluffiest blankets on the other side of the room, and the seven resident kittens curl around his ankles or try biting the pencil out of his hand.

After a while longer of contemplation, he takes in a breath and pushes the chair backwards. Rising to his feet (and moving Rainbow out of his lap and onto the floor), he spins on his heel and retreats from the room.

His kittens escort him, as per usual (except Fistfight, who stays there on the edge of his desk like a judgemental gargoyle), but the journey is a short one. Izuku returns shortly thereafter with a purple sharpie from Mom’s office drawer, then takes his seat at the desk once again.

He flips the notebook back to the front and writes in big, bold print:

Quirk Analysis, No. 1

And then he sets the sharpie to the side and opens the notebook for real. He has to pry the pencil out of Kittles’ mouth, and once that’s done, he brandishes it, takes in a breath, and begins writing.

Name: Midoriya Izuku

Quirk: Glitch

The Quirk allows the user to twist the senses of the people around him. Can also alter nerves to cause pain and can also be used to block out pain. Can also be used on wielder. Hard to control.

He pauses, then scribbles that last bit out and writes it again.

Hard to control. Impossible to control. Can’t turn off. Can’t direct it properly. Can redirect on self. Causes blackout when used on self for too long. Makes victims heads “fill with static.” Like a “block.” Can override senses and override thought processes.

Can maim. Can hurt. Only use as a last resort. Can’t control. Can’t stop.

Threat.

He swallows hard, then circles the word “threat” over, and over, and over, and over—

“GABCK!”

Kirishima hits the ground on his butt in the grass, clutching his shin. He rolls over on his side, groaning, and Izuku stands by him.

“You don’t guard well if you don’t use your Quirk,” Izuku says.

Kirishima wheezes. “Yeah I noticed,” he strains in a single breath. Once he’s composed himself a bit more, he sits up, still wincing and rubbing his leg. “Dang, dude, for being so small, you can kick really hard.”

“It’s not that hard,” Izuku says, shrugging. “Getting hit in the shin hurts a lot, anyway, so if you can get a clean hit in it’s always a good option.”

Kirishima winces again. “Kinda dirty, though, don’t you think?”

“When it comes to your life or fighting dirty, I mean, the choice is obvious,” Izuku answers simply. “You can’t expect your enemy to pull punches or be sympathetic just because they wanna avoid fighting ‘dirty.’”

“I mean, I guess you’re right,” Kirishima says, shaking his head, “but still, I thought, y’know...we’re trying to be heroes, so wouldn’t fighting dirty kind of...put a stain on that?”

“Pretty sure ‘death by dirty-fighting villains’ would leave a stain on things, too.” Izuku extends a hand to Kirishima, and Kirishima takes it and lets Izuku pull him to his feet. It’s interesting; Kirishima is an easy person to be comfortable with, so Izuku isn’t even bothered by the contact.

“I get you wanna be better than villains,” Izuku says, stepping back, “but we aren’t stooping to their level. All we’re doing is making sure we have a means with which to survive. So.”

He spins around to face Kirishima again and raises his hands.

“You can avoid it if you want,” Izuku says, “but when it comes to saving your life or poking a villain in the eyes, I think the choice there is pretty obvious, don’t you?”

Kirishima doesn’t seem fully convinced. “It just seems kind of cowardly, y’know?” he says, rubbing the back of his neck. “The whole ‘fighting dirty’ thing.”

“Like I said, you don’t have to. But remember that it’s always an option. Round three?”

There’s something cathartic about sparring with Kirishima.

Back in his days with the villains, sparring was...terrifying, to say the least. They’re memories he keeps blotted from his memory, so he never dwells on it for long, but sparring with Kirishima is so simple and so lighthearted that it almost seems more like fun hang out time instead of training.

Plus, he doesn’t mind hanging out with Kirishima for extended periods of time, unlike he does with most people. Kirishima never asks Izuku about his past, either, why he’s scarred the way he is, why he knows so much about fighting, why he knows so much about fighting dirty, and that’s nice, too. He doesn’t mind talking about his past, but he’d rather do it on his own time.

Maybe when he and Kirishima have more trust built between them.

“So, this trainer you’re meeting with,” Kirishima says as he and Izuku trudge back down the sidewalk; Kirishima has grass stains all over his gray shirt, and Izuku fiddles with a pocket knife absentmindedly. “Did you talk to him about meeting me, or…?”

Izuku shakes his head. “Haven’t yet,” he answers. “Actually, I haven’t met with the guy to officially start training yet, either.”

“Seriously? I thought you were supposed to start meeting with him yesterday.”

“I was,” Izuku says, “but something came up, apparently. He says he has an acquaintance he wants me to meet before anything else.”

“Huh, guess that makes sense,” Kirishima says, but he says it in such a tone of voice that it obviously doesn’t make sense to him. “But, let me know as soon as you have his answer, ‘kay? We’ve only got about eight months now before the entrance exam, so we really need all the time we can get.”

Izuku nods. “I’ll let you know,” he promises.

“Thanks. So, um, about sparring...do you have any pointers? Any suggestions or anything? You landed me flat on my butt more times than I wanna admit.”

Izuku frowns. “Do you really wanna go through it all right now?”

Kirishima’s shoulders slump. “Y’know, I was afraid you’d say something like that,” he says, shaking his head. “Is it really that bad?”

“No,” Izuku says, “it’s not, but when it comes to suggestions, there’s a lot I can help you with.”

“Hit me.”

Izuku turns and faces the sidewalk once again. “Your Quirk is better for close-combat, right? But if you were standing a ways off and against someone with a long-range Quirk, you’d still be able to harden your body to defend. Offensively speaking, though, it’s close-range or nothing.”

“Sounds about right,” Kirishima says, nodding.

“So you’re a close-range fighter, which makes hand to hand combat even more important,” Izuku says. “If you harden your fingers and nothing else, you could make some pretty solid weapons for yourself without draining your stamina.”

Kirishima turns to him and blinks with wide eyes. “...Knife fingers.”

“Basically.”

“Knife fingers.”

“You’re the one who wanted tips from me.”

Kirishima pauses for a long moment, contemplating. “It’s not bad,” he says, “but if I’m gonna use my fingers as literal knives, I’d rather save it for a last resort kinda thing, y’know?”

“Yeah, I get it,” Izuku says. “Well, there’s other stuff I could talk about, but this is where we split up, so I’ll either text you or just tell you the next time I see you.”

“Ahh, alright,” Kirishima says, nodding. “See ya later, Midoriya!”

Izuku raises a hand. “See you.”

When he gets home, Izuku adds a new page in his notebook for Kirishima’s Quirk. He doesn’t have a whole lot of information on it yet, since they don’t use their respective Quirks during sparring sessions, but he jots down what he knows, what strategies Kirishima could possibly use during fights, then bids Mom goodnight and heads to bed.

He doesn’t actually end up sleeping, but laying there and staring at the ceiling with nothing better to do is pretty nice, too.

Dagobah beach has a reputation, but it definitely isn’t one to be proud of.

Izuku meets Toshinori there the next day, after Mom receives a text asking for Izuku to meet him there as soon as he’s available. Izuku is awake anyway, so he heads over around 5am to the infamous Dagobah beach.

Illegal dumpings, washed up garbage, as far as the eye can see. It’s astounding, really, how much junk has accumulated here. Neglect and illegal dumpers have left the sandy shores covered in so much garbage it’s kind of impressive. Everyone knows about Dagobah beach, even people just driving through the city.

...Which is all fine and dandy but it really, really doesn’t make sense why Izuku would meet All Might here for training. Unless their training has to do with a life-lesson about litter and illegal dumpings, which Izuku seriously doubts.

When Izuku arrives, Toshinori isn’t the only person standing behind an impressively tall heap of garbage. There’s someone else with him, another man with black hair and an exhausted expression that Izuku relates to more than he wants to admit.

The stranger sees Izuku coming before Toshinori. “Ahh, there you are,” he says, turning; Toshinori follows his gaze, and Izuku steps forward. He doesn’t get any threat vibes from the stranger, so he doesn’t think much of it.

“Midoriya, this is Aizawa Shouta,” Toshinori introduces. “Though, in the hero-world, he’s known more primarily as—”

“Eraserhead.”

Toshinori blinks at him. Aizawa looks unamused, but intrigued.

“I couldn’t sleep,” Izuku says, “so I did some digging around. You’re an underground hero who can erase Quirks.”

Aizawa nods. “To put it simply, yeah,” he says. “I’m surprised you were able to find me online, though.”

“When you’re sleep deprived enough,” Izuku says flatly, “anything’s possible.”

Aizawa blinks at him. Toshinori gives a long sigh and pinches the bridge of his nose, like he’s only now realizing how bad of an idea it was for Izuku and Aizawa to meet.

“But you’re here because you can turn off my Quirk,” Izuku says, and although the word my leaves a bitter taste in his mouth, he swallows it back and doesn’t beat around the bush. “Right?”

“Toshinori called me so I could meet you and exchange a word or so,” Aizawa answers simply. “I won’t be forcing you to use your Quirk if you aren’t comfortable with it. However, I will say, unless you have some semblance of control over your Quirk by the time of the entrance exam, you cannot be accepted into U.A. We can’t allow students in with unstable Quirks.”

Toshinori winces. “That’s a little—”

“Harsh?” Aizawa frowns further. “I’m telling him the way it is. Midoriya, you Quirk is specifically one that can cause harm to others unless it is controlled, and with power like that, I’m afraid that’s just the way it has to be.”

Izuku’s hands are in his pockets, and he feels the cool glass of the Quirk suppressant syringe against his knuckles while his fingers curl around the handle of a knife. This makes perfect sense; he has no doubt Aizawa knows about the incident with the sludge villain and, furthermore, it’s possibly he knows about Izuku’s entire background, so it makes sense why he’d put this forward first.

“I can help you learn to control it,” Aizawa says simply, “but that’s only if you’re willing to use it. If not, then, I’m afraid there’s nothing I can do. The first step is getting your Quirk under control; if we can’t do that, then there’s no point in spending the next eight months here training.”

He’s right. Izuku knows this.

“...I’m...sorry for wasting your time,” Izuku says, raising his head, “but could we meet here again tomorrow? I think...I think I need some time, y’know, to think about it before I just…”

Aizawa sighs. “Got it,” he says, nodding, “but you have to make up your mind quickly. When it comes to Quirks and bringing them under control, it takes time. A long time. We don’t have the leisure of taking as long as we need.”

Izuku nods, bows, apologizes again, then spins around and heads for home without saying goodbye.

There’s a lot Izuku is unsure of.

He wants to go to U.A., he really, really wants to go to U.A., but his Quirk is a block. This Quirk he didn’t ask for, this Quirk he doesn’t want, is holding him back. It’s keeping him from that end goal.

And if he wants to reach U.A., he first has to tackle his Quirk, and that’s…

He spends all night thinking about it, wondering if it’s worth it, wondering if maybe being a hero isn’t for him after all, if maybe he’d be better off doing something else—he’s a broken person with a broken Quirk, after all, and even though Toshinori— All Might— told him very plainly that he can indeed become a hero…

He still has his doubts. He’ll always have his doubts.

And then his phone dings. Blinking against the light, Izuku reaches for it, grabs it off the side table, and holds it a little ways from his face.

[Kirishima]
Hey, dude, thanks for sparring with me and everything! I know we’ve only just started, but I feel like I’m learning a lot, thanks to you! I think it’s awesome we’re both going to the same hero school. I’m super pumped!! :D

...Huh. Impeccable timing. Izuku swallows, then swipes his scarred fingers across the on-screen keypad.

[Izuku]
Me too.

He’s not sure whether he means it, but sending that message to Kirishima kind of drives it home. He wants to be a hero, he wants to get better, he wants to feel like a normal person for once in his damned life.

And if that means learning to control his Quirk, even if it leaves him sick and reeling, he wants to do it.

“I’ll do it,” Izuku says, and the words almost make him physically sick. The way they feel going out, the way they feel in his own ears, makes him want to spin around and dive right into the nearest pile of garbage, but he doesn’t do that. The urge to face this head on and overcome it is greater than the urge to faceplant the garbage. “I’ll...I’ll use my Quirk.”

“You’re sure about this,” Aizawa says simply, and it’s phrased less like a question and more like a statement of fact. “Once we start, we’re going to see it through to the end. Are you ready?”

Izuku swallows hard. Ready is a strong word, but he nods. “Yeah, I...I am.”

Toshinori stands by him, but at Izuku’s gesture, he moves off the side to watch. He seems concerned, and his eyes keep darting between Izuku and Aizawa, probably waiting to see who makes the first move now.

Izuku takes in a breath and shuts his eyes. Using his Quirk willingly isn’t something he’s ever actually done before, so he isn’t sure how to exactly turn it on, but…

Whether I like it or not, it’s a part of me. This “extra limb that’s been sewn on” is just as much a part of me as my eyes or my arms. I hate it, but it’s there. It’s here.

It’s…

Me.

He reaches for something within him, something unnatural and dark and oh he really wants to vomit right about now but he forces it back. He calls to it, summons it to him; he feels the beginnings of it in his temples, then in the forefront of his mind, then gently eating away at his sight like...well...like glitches in a video game.

Izuku feels disgusting. Every part of him feels... wrong and twisted and he wants it to stop, he wants it to stop, it has to stop, he hates it, he hates it so much, the static is familiar and it calls his name, beckoning him further into it, and he tries to stay afloat but he feels like he’s steadily being dragged into an abyss and he can’t see anything, everything feels wrong and he wishes he’d said no, he shouldn’t have agreed to this, he knew it was bad, he knew it was, he knew it was, he knew it was—

And then it stops.

He feels like everything is sapped right out of him—and he means everything. His strength, his vision, his Quirk, his hearing, his senses, his thoughts…

He blinks at Aizawa, just in time to watch the red fade from the man’s eyes. “...You…”

“Sorry,” Aizawa says, and his voice is flat, but his eyes are apologetic. “I’d meant to erase it quicker. You good?”

Izuku is... really good, actually, for some odd reason. It’s the first time the Quirk has been turned off. Sure, Aizawa forcefully did it, but there were no Quirk suppressants involved, he didn’t have to turn the Quirk inward on himself, he didn’t even really have time to start panicking fully.  

“Hey. Kid.”

“Sorry,” Izuku says, shaking his head. “I’m...really fine. You just...you erased it?”

Aizawa nods. “Yeah, basically,” he says. “Took a second, but yeah.”

Izuku is surprised by how okay he feels right now, considering he’d been using his Quirk—something he hated, something that, up until this point, he’d only done mostly subconsciously and as a last resort—just a second ago. Maybe actually having it turned off for once by a semi-natural means is relieving. It’s progress. It’s improvement.

“From what I gather,” Aizawa says, “your Quirk is mostly output, correct? You can amplify its usage against certain individuals, but you can’t keep it from effecting anyone else nearby.”

Izuku swallows, then nods.

Aizawa pauses for a moment, thinking to himself. Toshinori seems concerned about something, but Izuku is still reeling from the whiplash too much to put much thought into why.

“I can help you,” Aizawa says simply. “It won’t be easy, but I think, with time, you can learn to at least control the output and who is effected. First and foremostly, you’ll need to learn how to properly use your Quirk without affecting the innocent onlookers. Everything else will come after that.”

Izuku blinks a couple times, still reeling, but he runs Aizawa’s words through his head once, then twice, then nods.

They don’t do anything else after that. Izuku makes a mental note to ask Toshinori about Kirishima tomorrow, thanks him and Aizawa for their time, then turns and heads home.

He feels... floaty, which is very strange for him. The last time he’d felt like this was when Mom first brought him home and gave him a life outside the torment of the villains. His Quirk has always been a problem, it’s always been his number one this is why I can’t be a hero.

But maybe now it’s different. Maybe if Aizawa helps him, he can learn to control it. Maybe now, for the first time in his life, he has a real, concrete reason to believe that in time, with training, he really can become a hero.

“I don’t think you have any idea what you’ve gotten yourself into.”

Toshinori turns to Aizawa with a frown. “I know what you’re thinking,” he says, “and, yes, Midoriya isn’t...entirely stable, as a person, but—”

“His Quirk Factor is broken.”

Toshinori blinks at him, but Aizawa doesn’t turn, rather staring down the sidewalk where Izuku has left.

“People are generally born with Quirk Factors, even if they don’t have a Quirk to use it,” Aizawa says. “However, Midoriya had that Quirk forced on him, when he harnessed the Quirk and forced his body to adapt to it, he severely damaged his Quirk Factor. I had a hard time figuring out how to turn the Quirk off.”

Toshinori lets this sink in, and it lands in the pit of his stomach like a stone. “So, on the topic of him learning how to ever control it...are you saying he can’t?”

“If he wants to learn how to control it,” Aizawa says, “he’s going to have to figure out how to work around the broken parts. I think a lot of it has to do with psychological and emotional damage, which is, well...it’s more complicated than a physical problem.”

Toshinori nods stiffly. “But he can do it, you think.”

“It depends mostly on him,” Aizawa says. “But, that being said, I’ll do what I can. I think if he starts using his Quirk under his own free will, knowing I’m here to turn it off if it becomes dangerous, it’ll help his mentality regarding his Quirk.”

It makes sense; when Izuku had used his Quirk now, Toshinori had felt the output. It wasn’t nearly as intense as it’d been during the slime villain incident, but even so.

“He has a long way to go before U.A.,” Aizawa says, shaking his head, “but I don’t doubt him. If he really wants to be a hero...he’ll be able to do it.”

Kirishima’s fist swings at his head, and Izuku ducks beneath the blow, his own fist jabbing Kirishima in the stomach. Kirishima reels backwards, but throws up both arms in front of his face when Izuku swings his own fist. Izuku hooks his foot behind Kirishima’s shin and gives a hard yank; Kirishima trips and flails, and while he’s in the middle of regaining his balance, Izuku slams his heel into Kirishima’s chest and sends him to the ground.

“Hey, that lasted longer than before!” Kirishima says, grinning and bouncing to his feet. “I’m getting better, right?”

Izuku nods. “I think so,” he says. “Considering we’ve only been doing this for a couple of days, you’ve gotten really far.”

Kirishima grins brighter. “Thanks!”

Izuku hasn’t had the chance to ask Toshinori about Kirishima training with him; maybe on the days that Aizawa isn’t working with Izuku on his Quirk Kirishima can come along. He doesn’t think Toshinori would mind, granted he trains as “Toshinori” and not, well, “All Might.” While Izuku hadn’t known who All Might was when he first met him, now that he’s been doing more research on heroes on the internet, he’s surprised he didn’t.

The number one hero, All Might. Also the hero with the most lethal and secretive weakness.

“Even if my trainer can’t help both of us,” Izuku goes on, “I think me and you working together like this is good, too. I can teach you whatever he teaches me.”

Kirishima nods, and shortly thereafter, the two of them head out just as the sun begins to set beyond the horizon.

“Thanks again for helping me out,” Kirishima says once they’re walking. “I’ve always wanted to get better at hand to hand combat, seeing as how my Quirk kinda hinges on me being good at it…”

“No problem,” Izuku says without batting an eye. “It’s nice to be able to spar with a friend.”

Friend.

“Yeah, that’s what I was thinking!” Kirishima says, raising an arm—he realizes what he’s about to do a second later, and he lowers his hand back down to his side with a bit of a dejected look. “Anyway, how’s your week looking?”

Izuku shrugs. “I don’t have much going on,” he says. “My mom got called out for a case, so she won’t be back until tomorrow, so I’ll probably just hang out, maybe try working on some schoolwork.”

“Ah, right, you mentioned you were homeschooled,” Kirishima says, touching his chin. “Dang, I’m so screwed when it comes to my own schooling. I’m probably what you’d call the ‘problem student.’ Everyone’s smarter than me.”

And Izuku doesn’t know what possesses him to do it, what kind of crazy thing makes him open his mouth, but he finds himself asking,

“Do you wanna come over to my place tonight? I might be able to help out.”

“You’re serious!?” Kirishima rounds him, eyes wide. “Dude, you’re already helping me with training, I really don’t wanna impose—”

“If you don’t want to that’s fine,” Izuku says, “but you aren’t imposing, I’m offering.” He doesn’t know why he’s offering, though, because he’s never actually invited anyone to his house before, ever. “I can make curry, too.”

Kirishima seems torn, but after a second, he takes in a deep breath and nods firmly. “I swear I’ll make it up to you someday, Midoriya,” he says. “You’re a super cool person, y’know?”

He’s never been told anything like that before, so he shrugs as a response. Kirishima makes to ruffle his hair, but stops before making contact, and Izuku feels both relieved and guilty at the same time.

Mom won’t mind Kirishima being here. She’s always encouraged visits, actually (although she always asks for Izuku’s consent beforehand, obviously), and she’s told Izuku time and time again that she’s glad he has a friend like him.

It’s one of the reasons why Izuku is alright with Kirishima coming over; if he didn’t think Mom would permit it, he wouldn’t have considered it. But, Mom likes Kirishima a lot, and so does Izuku’s growing number of cats (except Fistfight, who still hisses at him when he passes too close to her), so that’s a plus too.

The fridge is stocked; Izuku makes fresh rice and reheats leftover curry from his and Mom’s dinner the night before, then goes ahead and sets two plates out for him and Kirishima. He assumes they’ll sit in the living room and eat while they work. Mom has never minded that, either.

Izuku gets the cats their dinner around the same time the doorbell rings. “It’s open,” Izuku hollers down the hall as the kittens rush for their food bowls, and Izuku hears the front door open and shut as he makes his way over.

“Hey!” Kirishima greets, grinning and raising a hand. He’s toeing off his shoes, one hand around the strap of his backpack. “Thanks for having me over on short notice. You’re a real lifesaver, you know that, right?”

Izuku shrugs, not entirely sure how to respond to that.

The night goes uneventfully. Izuku won’t lie, he does feel a bit out of place here (not uncomfortable yet, just out of place), with Kirishima here and Mom out on business. He doesn’t know why he even offered for Kirishima to come over in the first place, because it’d definitely been a spur of the moment decision that he probably should’ve thought through a little better.

It’s fine, though. He’s fine. This is good. Socializing like this is good. Kirishima is his friend, someone he trusts, there’s nothing wrong with this situation. Besides, Izuku has been doing fairly okay ever since spilling his life story to Toshinori and getting discharged from the hospital. Maybe that’s another reason.

Everything is uneventful, at least, until a roll of thunder crashes outside and all Izuku’s seven kittens latch onto him like their lives depend on it. Kirishima raises his head from his text book toward the window.

“It’s raining?” Kirishima says, getting to his feet and hurrying over. Izuku manages to pry the kittens off him and follow.

“Crap.” Kirishima winces out the window; droplets of water roll down the glass surface on the outside of the house, and now that Izuku listens, he can hear rain pattering along the rooftop. “That changed super fast…”

“I should’ve known,” Izuku says, staring out the window. “I’ve been sore all day, I just didn’t think it had anything to do with the weather…”

“Wait, if you’ve been sore, then why were you sparring with me!?”

“It’s not a big deal.”

Kirishima spins around to face him. “It is a big deal!”

“Yeah, okay, I’m sorry,” Izuku says without meaning it, “but that’s not important right now. What do you wanna do?”

Kirishima regains his composure, looks out the window once more, then turns back to him again. “I could walk back to my place,” he says, “but it’s, y’know...it’s still a long ways off. I could call my parents, I guess, but like I said, they’re working late.”

Izuku thinks about this for a long moment. “...If you don’t have another option...you could stay here overnight.”

“Are you kidding me!?” Kirishima looks so shocked it’s almost comical. “No way! You’ve already done so much for me, man, I don’t wanna keep imposing on ya—”

“Pay me back with a soda or something,” Izuku says, “it’s probably better you stay here instead of trying to trudge home in the rain.”

“A soda!? For sparring, tutoring, and letting me stay overnight, you want a soda!?”

“Okay, fine. Two sodas.”

“Dude—!”

“It’s not just for you,” Izuku cuts in before he can start another argument. “I’d feel better if I knew you were here safe and not washed down some gutter because you weren’t paying attention.”

It takes a long time before Kirishima finally (reluctantly) agrees, though he refuses to do anything other than sleep on the floor. Izuku lets him, throwing him a pillow and a blanket off his bed.

“So you like colorful things,” Kirishima says thoughtfully, surveying Izuku’s bedroom as he spreads the blanket out on the floor. He hasn’t asked about the knives (yet), but then again, he hasn’t asked about a lot of things. Like Izuku’s scars.

Izuku nods. “Color is underrated,” he says, yanking another blanket from the closet and tossing it to Kirishima.

“Have you ever thought about glow in the dark star stickers?” Kirishima asks curiously. “I have some on my ceiling, they’re nice to look at sometimes when you can’t sleep.”

“...Star stickers?”

“Yeah, star stickers,” Kirishima confirms, nodding. “They glow in the dark. I don’t know if you can get them in different colors, but they’re really cool either way! I could bring you some sometime—actually, I’ll definitely bring you some sometime! You can take it as part of my rent.”

“It’s just for one night.”

“Yeah, but still.”

“You don’t—”

“Just take the damn star stickers, Midoriya.”

Izuku opens his mouth to object again, but doesn’t. Having glow in the dark star stickers on his ceiling to look at when he can’t sleep might be...kinda nice.

“...Alright. Thanks.”

Kirishima grins at him, and once Kirishima is settled in on the floor, Izuku hops onto his bed. Fistfight is in the cardboard box with her kittens, and five of the others curl up with Izuku while the other two snuggle up with Kirishima.

“Goodnight, Kirishima.”

“Night, dude.”

Izuku flicks off the bedside lamp. The nightlights scattered throughout the room keep everything considerably lit.

“Do the night lights bother you?”

“Nah, they’re fine,” Kirishima answers; in the light of one, Izuku sees the two kittens curled on his chest, and Kirishima is petting them. “Yeah, you definitely need some star stickers, though. They really complete a room.”

“I look forward to getting them,” Izuku says. “Goodnight.”

“Night dude, part two.”

Kirishima is asleep long before Izuku, and Izuku finds himself...content, actually. He’s been pushing himself lately, doing things he’s never done before—like sparring with Kirishima, using his Quirk, even having Kirishima over to his house and, furthermore, for a sleepover, but he feels...okay.

He’s really okay, actually. He feels like he’s making more progress than ever before.

To his surprise, he falls asleep easily.

The world is pixelating before his eyes. The flames move in like glitches, popping up where they shouldn’t be, their flames following the pixels and eating away at the world. The streets are empty, the sky is dark; the pavement has a long, single crack through it that stretches a full foot in diameter.

He stands amidst it with a body that doesn’t feel like his own, with a head that’s full of fog and distortion, and in the back of a mind he hears a voice, a voice that’s familiar but not his.

D͎̰̼͇̎͐͐ͮ̈́O͎̬̥̲̫ͣ̋͒́̂̽̉ ̲̗̥͖̈́̂̓I̤̱̫͍͙ͪ̅́̉ͥ̚ͅT̥̭̖͓̅ͣͥ̀ͩͅ.͕̤̱̣̪̪͓̿ ̗̲̪͓̭̎D̹̟̺̦͖̬Ȏ̰̮̠͉̥ͧ́ ̇ͯ̔̋͋I͓̙̟͍͑̋͑̈T̪̆͑.͈̳̄̈́̌̍̔͗ ̗̗͎̈̃̐̈D̥̘͍̰̻̪̲̊̔O̞͎̟͉͒ͅ ̪ͯͮ̏̚I͍̻̳̭̩̖ͧ̽ͦ̍͊T̆̾.̼͎͕͚̿͌͗̈́̐

D͎̰̼͇̎͐͐ͮ̈́O͎̬̥̲̫ͣ̋͒́̂̽̉ ̲̗̥͖̈́̂̓I̤̱̫͍͙ͪ̅́̉ͥ̚ͅT̥̭̖͓̅ͣͥ̀ͩͅ.͕̤̱̣̪̪͓̿ ̗̲̪͓̭̎D̹̟̺̦͖̬Ȏ̰̮̠͉̥ͧ́ ̇ͯ̔̋͋I͓̙̟͍͑̋͑̈T̪̆͑.͈̳̄̈́̌̍̔͗ ̗̗͎̈̃̐̈D̥̘͍̰̻̪̲̊̔O̞͎̟͉͒ͅ ̪ͯͮ̏̚I͍̻̳̭̩̖ͧ̽ͦ̍͊T̆̾.̼͎͕͚̿͌͗̈́̐

 

The voice tells him to and he’s trying to hold back, but the world is being swallowed up right before his eyes. The flames grow, the buildings crumble into pixels and disappear before they hit the ground, his vision is clouding and his thought process isn’t his own.

“Izuku.”

He spins around. Across from him, amidst it all, he sees Yatchi.

But he hears Kowareta.

“That’s not your name, though.”

He grits his teeth and chokes on something. It tastes like blood. A crash drags his attention in that direction; half of a building slams into the asphalt and sends a shockwave that he barely feels.

When he turns his head back, he sees Kowareta, but she raises her hands and Signs, You know who you are.

Stop it, he thinks desperately, something rising in his chest and burning in his eyes. Stop it.

Kowareta becomes Yatchi.

“You know who you are.”

“Stop it!” he shouts, but the voice isn’t his. Another crash from the other direction, and he spins around to look behind him.

A giant pane of glass is just before his face, and he doesn’t see himself in the reflection. He sees a man, tall, with shaggy hair and an aura that radiates power. When he stumbles back, the not-him in the reflection smiles.

“This is who you are, [̸͝Ḑ҉̨͢͝*̸̛̕͢(̶̶͘#̡͢j̶̕ę͢͢a҉̸̧͡s̶̨j͠͏̧k͠s̶̵̸*̶̵7̢͢#̛͡u̷̵͘]̵̷͏͟,” says Kowareta’s voice as the villain’s lips move. “This...is what you are.”

When he looks down, there’s blood around his feet and splattered on his clothes.

When he raises his head towards the mirror, he sees Kirishima, standing smiling like always.

A crack breaks the glass, and now Kirishima’s eyes are dead, skin pale, splattered in blood.

He stumbles backwards with a shriek, and tumbles into the crack in the pavement.

He falls.

Something touches him. Izuku screams and lashes out.

He doesn’t remember when he got a knife. He feels the impact, like metal against metal, and his eyes snap open just in time to watch pieces of his blade gleam in the moonlight, then scatter across the ground like large pieces of broken glass.

Kirishima kneels on the ground across from him, arms guarding his face, Quirk activated. Izuku is holding onto a destroyed knife, a small piece of the blade still protruding from the hilt.

He feels it a second later, amidst the panic and horror and the feeling like his chest is about to burst.

He turns it inward. It hits him immediately, the pain, the dulled senses; his vision goes black, and his ears ring. He thinks he hears Kirishima shouting something, but he can’t be sure.

“The drawer,” he gasps out, and his words are swallowed up by the ringing of his ears. “The drawer, the desk drawer, there’s a syringe—”

It’s the pain that hits him next, like his nerves are being twisted and tweaked all at once. He grits his teeth and rides it out and please hurry, please hurry, please—

Something pricks his arm, and his body doesn’t feel like his own anymore. The static begins to fade as an unnatural coolness penetrates through the burning haze, and slowly, the pain begins to ebb. The black in his sight becomes gray; he sees Kirishima, like a silhouette, kneeling on the ground in front of him again, and he hears Kirishima’s voice fade into his ears.

“—ey, hey, dude, Midoriya, Midoriya, hey, talk to me, man, please—”

Izuku drags in a shuddering breath, still clutching the hilt of the destroyed knife in a shaking hand.

“I’m okay,” Izuku chokes, gasping, heaving.

And then he makes a dive for the bedside trashcan and throws up.

“Oh hell, hell, dude, what—”

Kirishima is by him as bile burns his throat, and Izuku can feel his panic like it’s a tangible thing in the air. Kirishima doesn’t touch him, though; after what just happened a second ago, he’s probably afraid to.

Izuku stumbles back; his shoulder blades hit the wall first, and he sits there, panting, trying to get his breath back. He loosens his grip on the hilt of the knife, just because he feels too weak to maintain it.

He opens his mouth. He can’t speak.

“Just—sit here,” Kirishima says, getting to his feet, “I’m—I’m gonna find a first aid kit, or something, just stay here, don’t move.”

Izuku still can’t talk, so he nods shakily.. When Kirishima turns his back, Izuku shuts his eyes—a second later, a soft weight drops on his lap. Izuku’s eyes snap open; Marshmallow blinks at him and mrrows in his face. Izuku chokes on a shuddering sob, and just before Kirishima leaves the room, Izuku bangs the butt of the hilt into the floor twice.

Kirishima spins around. Izuku raises his other hand.

Thank you.

Kirishima smiles, and although it looks like a wince, Izuku can tell he’s trying his best to be reassuring.

Kirishima uses gauze to patch a wad of cotton over Izuku’s arm, where the syringe broke his skin. Izuku murmurs a shaky, barely distinguishable thank you, and Kirishima shakes his head.

“It’s fine,” he says, tying off the gauze and sitting back, running a hand through his hair. “It’s—It’s fine, I just—are you okay?”

No.

He’s not. He’s not.

The shattered pieces of his blade are still on the floor, where the knife had met Kirishima’s hardened arms. He thinks about it, and then he thinks about it again, and then again, and—

“No, hey, dude, no, that wasn’t your fault,” Kirishima cuts in immediately, sitting closer to him and shaking his head. “It wasn’t your fault, I shouldn’t’ve grabbed you, I just—” Kirishima stops and sits back, biting his lip. “You weren’t breathing.”

...Oh. He’s not mad at Kirishima for grabbing him, even without this new information; he’s upset that he’d lashed out, that he’d swung a knife, and he thinks about Kirishima’s quick-thinking, Kirishima’s Quirk, his arms in front of his face, and he thinks what would’ve happened if it’d been any other person, if it’d been any other Quirk, if it’d been a split second too late, if he’d been one second faster, if Kirishima had been one second slower—

“Why?”

Kirishima says nothing, and Izuku presses the heels of his hands into his eyes and drags in a long, shuddering breath.

“Why am I like this?” Izuku heaves, and the edges of his vision are black. He probably isn’t breathing right, even now, but it doesn’t matter at all. “I just, I’m—I’m doing better, I was doing better, so why—”

“Dude, it’s...it’s not your fault,” Kirishima says, shaking his head. “You lashed out because you were scared, anyone else would’ve done the same thing—”

“I was getting better,” Izuku snaps, and his voice trembles although his eyes are dry. “I’ve been trying, I thought —I thought I was, I thought, I—”

“Midoriya—”

“I could’ve k-killed—”

“You wouldn’t have,” Kirishima cuts in sharply, leaning forward and reaching out, like he’s going to put his hands on Izuku’s shoulders although no contact is made. “You wouldn’t have, Midoriya, I know you wouldn’t have.”

Izuku chokes on something—a spite-filled laugh, his frustration, his anger. “You don’t know a damn thing about me.”

“You’re wrong,” Kirishima argues. “I don’t know everything about you, you’re right, and you don’t have to tell me anything you don’t want, but I think I know more about you than you realize.”

Izuku chokes on that odd not-laughter again. “You don’t know—”

“You saved me and Yatchi,” Kirishima goes on, regardless of Izuku’s protests. “When that car was hurled at us, you could’ve just saved yourself. But you didn’t.”

“That doesn’t—”

“After that, when people were running and screaming and trying to get to safety, you could’ve gone with them. You could’ve evacuated and gotten yourself out of there. But you didn’t.”

“T-That—”

“When the villain grabbed Yatchi, you didn’t have to fight back. You didn’t have to save her. You could have used her life as an opening and ran. But you didn’t, Midoriya.”

Izuku takes in a breath. So does Kirishima.

“...And, even before that,” Kirishima says, “when I was wandering around with Yatchi with no idea what to do, you stepped up to help us.”

“I-It was just because I knew Sign—”

“Still, though, you didn’t have to help us. You could’ve just kept going on about your day and kept doing your own thing, but you wanted to help us. It’s a lot smaller than the other things I mentioned, but, I think you get what I’m saying.”

Izuku wants to laugh again. And, also, he kind of wants to cry.

“...Listen, Midoriya…”

Kirishima scoots a little closer, opens his mouth, then shuts it and averts his gaze.

“There’s...a lot I don’t know about you,” Kirishima says quietly. “I don’t know why the hell your walls are lined with knives, I don’t know why you’ve got so many scars, I don’t know why you don’t smile, I don’t even know what the hell I injected you with a second ago or why it was so important. But...after everything...I think I’ve seen you, as a person. I think I’ve seen your heart.”

Izuku inhales sharply, then exhales the same way.

“Kirishima, you...I, just...don’t change, would you? Don’t ever change.”

Kirishima smiles at him, and it’s more honest this time, although Izuku can still see a bit of hurt and pain in his eyes.

“Hey, um, dude…” Kirishima rubs the back of his neck for a second. “...Um...if you don’t wanna that’s fine, and don’t worry about it at all, but, do you...want a hug?”

A hug. If Mom was in Kirishima’s position, Izuku would already be in her arms, but right now he’s not entirely sure. As much as he loves his mother’s hugs and how comforting they are, there’s just...he doesn’t know if he can handle it.

“I’m...I’m not...I don’t know,” Izuku says, then swallows hard. “It’d, I-I—It’d be nice, I just don’t…”

“...How about this,” Kirishima says, sitting a little straighter. “We can try, and the second you get uncomfortable, just pull away and I’ll let go, no questions asked.”

That...that could work. Besides, he trusts Kirishima. He gets no bad vibes from him, no threat, no danger. Kirishima is, honestly, a godsend of a friend, patient and bright when Izuku is upset and, well, to put it poetically, dark.

He nods. He has his doubts, has his fears, has his worries—right up until Kirishima’s arms actually encircle his shoulders.

He stiffens. Kirishima’s embrace is a lot different than Mom’s, but it’s not even in a bad way, it’s just...different. It’s tight, protective, secure, and even though it’s only been a few weeks since they’d actually become friends, Izuku feels safe.

Actually, it reminds him of Kowareta’s hugs. It’s that same kind of feeling, that same kind of “I’m not letting go,” that same kind of “I’m here for you.”

It takes a second, a second that seems to last no less than an eternity, but his arms move, the hilt of the broken knife slips from his hands, and he hugs Kirishima back.

“I’m trying,” he says, and his voice cracks. It’s not because he’s crying, because he isn’t, he’s just really, really frustrated. And disappointed. And angry. “I’m trying, I’m really trying—”

“And you’re doing a damn good job,” Kirishima adds firmly, squeezing him tighter. It’s still hard to breathe, but it’s okay this time. “You’ve seen hell but you’re still trying so hard and dude, that’s... really freaking admirable.”

Izuku exhales shakily. “I’m—”

“If you say you aren’t doing a good enough job, don’t even think about it. You’ve been pushing yourself lately, and you’ve really gotta learn to cut yourself some slack. And if that means staying home and missing a day of sparring, that is fine by me.”

Hearing those words means a lot to Izuku. It means more to him than he could properly express in his own words, so he just nods against Kirishima’s shoulder and does nothing more.

He doesn’t really know how long they’re on the floor like that together, but it definitely lasts a while. Eventually, Kirishima pulls back, and Izuku lets go. Izuku feels dizzy and disoriented; the Quirk suppressants did their job quicker than normal, considering it’s a stronger, more concentrated dose injected straight into his bloodstream in comparison to the pills, but still. Quirk suppressants have always made him feel off and sick, and now is no exception.  

“Listen, you’re gonna hate me for what I’m about to say,” Kirishima says, bringing Izuku out of his daze, “but you should probably eat a little something, even if it’s just a couple of crackers.”

That’s not a pleasant thought. Izuku shakes his head.

“Dude, I could feel your ribs, and you were literally just puking, you’re going to make yourself really sick at this rate—”

“If I eat something now it’s gonna come right back up,” Izuku says, shaking the thought from his mind. “It’s better if I just, wait until tomorrow.”

Kirishima bites his lip, but nods. “Do you, I don’t know...you wanna go back to sleep, or do you think you’ll be up for a while longer?”

“I’ll probably just...pass out in a few minutes, actually,” Izuku says, already feeling lightheaded. “The Quirk suppressants really mess with my senses…”

Kirishima blanches. “That’s what that syringe was?”

“I’ll explain it tomorrow,” Izuku says, “I promise, I’ll—I’ll tell you everything. For now, I just…”

“Right, bed, yeah,” Kirishima says, and he rises to his feet, wincing a bit. He holds a hand out to Izuku right afterwards, and Izuku reaches out, takes it, and lets Kirishima pull him to his feet. He staggers for a second, but doesn’t fall.

“Thanks, for...for being here,” Izuku says, stomach finally settling to something almost normal. “And...I’m sorry, about the knife—”

“Seriously, don’t apologize for that anymore,” Kirishima says. “Like I said, I’m sure I would’ve done the same thing. Just, try and get some sleep, yeah? I’m here if you need me.”

That comfort is enough.

When Inko gets home around noon the next day (she’d been supposed to get home sooner, but the airline was delayed a few hours due to the weather), she sees Izuku’s stack of homework on the coffee table, along with a stack of school books she doesn’t recognize. Her first thought is that Kirishima is visiting; after all, there’s no one else Izuku is close enough to invite over.

It’s odd, though, that Inko hasn’t seen either Kirishima or Izuku since arriving home. Not even the kittens have greeted her.

Confused, and a little concerned, she sets down her things and heads down the hallway toward Izuku’s room.

She knocks, and when there’s no answer, she opens the door and peaks inside.

It’s...odd, to say the least.

Kirishima and Izuku are curled up together on the floor, covered in at least five blankets. The seven kittens are on top of the boys, and it looks like Fistfight brought her two kittens out of the cardboard box and is curled around them on the edge of the pillow. Kirishima and Izuku are both sleeping soundly, soundly enough to not hear her come home or open the door, which is...very strange to see Izuku do.

Inko retreats from the room quickly as though not to disturb the peace, and she heads into the kitchen to start making lunch for whenever they wake up.
Notes:

    [Note: Izuku's birth name is not Deku. Just thought I'd throw that out there.]

    Here we go! There'll probably one more chapter before we get into the U.A. entrance exam, so I'm excited! Thank you all so much for all your continued support on this story; it really means the world to me. And I'm sorry I've been a bum about responding to comments lately; been having a bit of a rough time of it.

    Anywho, I wanted to give this to y'all, so I hope you guys liked it! As always, I've got no heckin clue when I'll update next, but it won't be too long, I promise. :) Thanks again! Until next time, go beyond! PLUS ULTRA!!!!!!!!

Chapter 9
Notes:

    Art!!

    chiangyorange

    sirenofcuddles

    coredesignixandnekonee

    icandreamtoconform

    Thank you all so much!! :D Enjoy the chapter!

Chapter Text

Waking up is a slow occasion, which is odd because usually it’s the exact opposite. Actually sleeping in and of itself is something he can’t do a whole lot of, so the fact that he’s waking up at all already adds enough oddity to the situation without the fact that he’s waking up peacefully instead of in the thralls of some nightmare.

He wakes up in warmth and in peace, blinking his eyes open slowly and looking around. He’s still on the floor, wrapped in Kirishima’s arms and about three blankets. The kittens are all over the two of them, either curled up or sprawled, and Izuku doesn’t think he’s ever been this blatantly content before upon waking up.

Not to mention, the static has completely faded from his head thanks to the Quirk suppressants Kirishima injected him with last night. He still has to explain all of that.

Kirishima is still sleeping, it would seem, so Izuku doesn’t wake him or get up. He doesn’t have any reason to get up anyway what with how warm and comfortable it is here on the floor. He could easily stay here for another week and have no regrets.

So he shifts closer, until his forehead is touching Kirishima’s chest, and the sirens don’t even go off in his head like they usually do. He doesn’t think he’s ever been this blatantly calm before in his entire life. It’s odd.

He shuts his eyes and breathes in a long breath. Now that he’s slightly more awake, he feels a bit of what he’d felt last night; nauseous, dizzy, sickly. But he’s so comfortable right now that he’s completely okay with enduring it. He really doesn’t want this to end.

“Buddy? You awake?”

He hears a rustle by his head. A second later, Kirishima’s touches his shoulder lightly. “Dude?”

Izuku nods without opening his eyes.

“Do you...wanna get up?”

Izuku shakes his head. “If you want to that’s fine,” he says, even though he’ll admit (not out loud) that the floor would be much less comfortable without Kirishima, “but I’m just gonna stay here.”

“Yeah, that’s cool.” Kirishima settles down again and drapes his arm back over Izuku. “I didn’t really wanna get up, either. Just wanted to know if you did.”

Izuku nods again. “Cool.”

It’s quiet for a while, until Kirishima pokes his shoulder again. “You feeling a little better now?”

“Yeah,” Izuku says. “...Lowkey feel like I’m gonna throw up, but it’s fine.”

“Oh, crap.” Kirishima shifts again. Izuku cracks his eyes open to see him sitting up, carefully pulling the kittens off him and settling them closer to Izuku. “Do you, uh, do you want medicine or something? Should I bring a trashcan over?”

Izuku shakes his head. “It’s fine,” he says, snuggling further into the blankets. The kittens that had previously been laying on top of Kirishima now cuddle up with him, and he closes his eyes again. “I’ll make a dive for the bathroom if I have to. I’m fine right now.”

Kirishima is silent for a time. “...If you’re sure,” he says, and settles down again. The cats make no move to return to him, content with their new positions, and Kirishima drapes his arm around Izuku again, mindful of them. “Man, I’m just glad you’re alright, dude. Last night was…”

He doesn’t finish, but he doesn’t really need to. Izuku nods slowly, thinking, then decides not to and settles down again.

“We can talk about it later,” he says with a silent promise to himself to do so. “I promised I’d tell you about the Quirk suppressants and everything, so…”

Kirishima sighs. “As much as I’d love to know, you don’t have to tell me anything you aren’t comfortable with,” he reminds, keeping his tone soft. “You’ve obviously seen some crap, I don’t wanna make you relive anything.”

“It’s okay. I don’t mind talking about it.”

“Wait, really?”

“I’m not gonna run around shouting it to everyone,” Izuku intones, “but I don’t mind telling you.”

“Alright.” Kirishima shifts again. “As long as you’re okay with it.”

Izuku hums. He feels more awake now than before, which is disappointing, but he supposes it can’t be helped. The more awake he becomes, the less stellar he feels, and eventually, he sits up and scoops the kittens off him, depositing them onto the blanket below.

“Be back,” he says, rising to his feet. He feels unsteady, but it’s nothing compared to last night, so he counts it as an improvement.

“Oh, sure.” Kirishima sits up, then stands. “You okay, or…?”

“Remember that thing I said about throwing up?”

“...Oh.” Kirishima lets out a long sigh and runs his hand through his hair, and the silence stretches for a time. “Is it...is it really normal for stuff like this to happen, Midoriya?”

Izuku pauses, then exhales slowly. “No, it’s not,” he says. “It shouldn’t be. But it’s my normal.”

There’s really nothing else Kirishima can say after that, so Izuku goes ahead into the bathroom, shutting and locking the door behind him.

He doesn’t actually throw up, which surprises but relieves him, so he just splashes some water on his face to clear the remaining drowsiness and heads back into the room. The kittens are wandering around; Fistfight has her own kittens back in their cardboard box while the previous six roam the floor or hop onto Izuku’s bed.

Kirishima is folding up the blankets they’d used last night, and he raises his head when Izuku re-enters the room. “You doing okay?” he asks, standing with an armful of blankets.

Izuku nods. “Fine,” he says, picking a pillow up off the ground to help out. “I think I’ll probably feel better once I have something in my system, but it’s hard to say.”

“Okay, but as soon as you feel like it, we’re definitely going out later on to get those sodas I promised you.”

Izuku blinks. “We’re…?”

“Whenever you want to,” Kirishima answers, turning to him. “It could be today or it could be a month from now, but I really wanna do it.”

“I was joking.”

“So you don’t like soda?”

“No, I do, I just—”

“Then it’s settled, we’re doing it.”

“You don’t have to—”

Kirishima actually chucks one of the blankets at him. It smacks Izuku in the face and successfully cuts him off, which he supposes was Kirishima’s intention all along.

“Dude. Honestly.”

Izuku yanks down the blanket from his face and meets Kirishima’s eyes.

“You’re doing so much for me,” Kirishima says. “Just, let me find small ways to return the favor. Alright?”

Izuku stands there with an armful of blankets and wide eyes. Eventually, he nods, and Kirishima turns away, satisfied.

Izuku waits until Kirishima least expects it before hurling the blankets at him. They hit the back of Kirishima’s head, and Kirishima makes a small yelp of surprise and spins around.

“Now we’re even,” Izuku says flatly.

Kirishima grins at him, and Izuku’s sure that if he had the kind of face that could smile, he’d probably grin back at him.

“Morning, boys!” Mom greets cheerfully, beaming at the two of them as they head into the kitchen. “Good to see you up. I have breakfast ready.”

“Great!” Kirishima says, never one for proper etiquette. “Thanks for having me, Inko-san, Midoriya.”

“We’re glad to have you,” Mom says, which is exactly what Izuku is thinking. She has already dragged up an extra chair from the hall closet, and the table is set. “Go ahead and have a seat, I’ll bring everything over.”

“Do you want help?” Izuku asks, but Mom is already shaking her head and turning away. He doesn’t persist; he knows her well enough.

Izuku actually eats and stomachs his breakfast, which is fantastic. One of the reasons he ate more than he generally does (still not being that much, but anyway) was because he kept catching Kirishima side-eyeing him, concerned, and Izuku had promised that he’d eat breakfast this morning, so he was left with no choice.

Mom and Kirishima talk most, and Izuku inputs his two cents whenever he feels like it, though he mainly leaves it to them. Mom doesn’t know much about Kirishima aside from the fact that he and Izuku are friends, so them having the chance to get to know each other like this is good.

“So, how did you and Izuku meet?” Mom asks curiously, when they’re about midway through breakfast. It’s a fair question; considering Izuku is homeschooled, plus not being the biggest fan of socializing, there aren’t many opportunities for him to make friends.

“Oh, I met him at a park,” Kirishima answers, setting his chopsticks aside for the moment. “I was watching a little deaf girl, but I didn’t know any Sign Language, so at the time Midoriya was kind of a godsend.”

“I could teach you more Sign Language if you wanted me to,” Izuku says. His own chopsticks have been sitting off to the side for a long while now. “I’ve gotten pretty good at it over the years.”

Kirishima puts his hands together. “Dude. Buddy. Pal. You’re gonna have to stop helping me out so much until I can repay you with something.”

“I already said you could buy me a soda.”

“Yeah, you did. One soda.”

“And you’re bringing me star stickers.”

“They’re just star stickers, you’re literally giving me free tutoring lessons, sparring lessons, you’ve let me invade your house—”

“I invited you over.”

“Dude.”

“You don’t have to get me anything at all, I don’t really care either way.”

Kirishima takes up his chopsticks and aims them at Izuku pointedly. “You, my friend, need to stop being so stubborn.”

Mom’s soft laughter brings Izuku and Kirishima out of their argument, and she waves a hand idly when they turn to her wide-eyed. She has her other hand by her mouth.

“You two are great,” she says, lowering her hand and smiling. “Eijirou-kun, feel free to come over any time you’d like. You aren’t imposing on either of us.”

“Are you sure?” He hadn’t really accepted it from Izuku, but maybe hearing Mom say it too will finally drive it home. “I don’t wanna—”

“We just said you’re not imposing,” Izuku says, taking up his chopsticks to eat again in a silent way of saying he’s through discussing this. “Besides, I like having you here, so it’s a win for both of us.”

Kirishima stares at him, and so does Mom for just a moment, though she breaks it by smiling. Izuku thinks it may be one of the most genuine smiles he’s ever seen from her.

Kirishima heads out shortly thereafter with a promise to return with Izuku’s star stickers. As for the sodas, he said he wanted to make it a more special occasion and take Izuku out to one of the shops downtown.

“You can pick your own that way, too,” Kirishima says as he slips on his shoes by the door. “We’ll make an outing out of it. Goof off downtown or something. Maybe I can get you a hoodie, you like those right?”

Considering the fact that Kirishima’s ever only seen him wearing a hoodie, and the fact that Kirishima’s ever only seen him wearing different hoodies every day, Izuku supposes his assumption is well founded.

“If you want to, I won’t stop you,” Izuku says simply. “...And I don’t think I could stop you if I tried anyway, so…”

Kirishima grins, straightening up again. “Well, I’ll be back with the stickers soon,” he says, turning towards the door. “Until then—oh, before I forget.” He pauses and looks to Izuku again. “That trainer you’re working with—”

“I’ll talk to him tomorrow,” Izuku says, already guessing Kirishima’s question. “Sorry, I just think it’s better to take it easy after last night—”

“No, I was just gonna say that you probably shouldn’t rush back into things,” Kirishima corrects. “I wasn’t gonna ask about training with him, I just wanted to remind you not to push yourself too hard.”

“...Oh. I see. Thanks.”

Kirishima smiles one final time, then heads out. Izuku waves goodbye until the door shuts behind him.

“He’s a nice boy,” Inko says, washing dishes while Izuku brings her the bowls from the table. “I’m—thank you—I’m glad the two of you became friends.”

Izuku nods. One of his kittens is hanging off his sleeve precariously. “I’m glad we’re friends too,” he says, bending down and picking Fistfight up from the floor. She’s skinnier than what she should be, but she’s gained weight since finding a home with the Midoriyas, which is good. “Kirishima is...he’s a good friend.”

Inko nods, fills the bowls with water to soak, then cuts the tap. “So,” she says, grabbing a towel and drying her hands with them, “do you...want to tell me what happened last night?”

Her back is turned to him, but she hears his shark intake of breath, followed by a sigh. “I...just, y’know...nightmares. The usual.”

Inko freezes and bites her lip, but nods steadily afterwards. “And Eijirou? He was there?”

“He was, yeah. He...he was.”

Inko turns around to face him finally; all his cats had somehow climbed onto him while she had her back turned, and now he has Fistfight in his arms and the older six kittens either on his shoulders or hanging off his arms.

Izuku looks down uncomfortably for a moment, shifting his weight. “He...he had to inject me with one of my new Quirk suppressants. Looking back on it now that things have kinda blown over, I hate that I made him do it, but...I don’t...if he hadn’t done it, I...”  

Inko nods, still biting her lip. It’s hard, situations like this. “You wouldn’t have asked him to do it if you didn’t need to, Izuku. It isn’t your fault.”

“I know.” But the tone of his voice says the opposite. “I just...it’s…” He stops, gives up, then shakes his head. His eyes are dull. “It’s...difficult. S-Sometimes.”

Inko sighs, but shakes her head. “You’ll get there,” she says gently. “It’s not always going to be this difficult.”

“I know.” His voice holds more confidence this time, just enough for Inko to notice. “I know. Thanks.”

“You’re welcome.” She smiles softly, then pauses. “...Izuku?”

“Yeah?”

“Are you...sure you’re feeling alright?”

Izuku blinks at her, and it’s only now she realizes how glassy his eyes look. “What?”

“I know yesterday was rough,” Inko says, setting the hand towel to the side, “but, aside from the usual, do you feel any worse?”

Izuku blinks at her again. Fistfight squirms in his arms, and he lets her go. “I don’t...think so?”

Inko reaches out and presses her hand against his forehead. He doesn’t flinch; by this point, he trusts her enough to not to.  

“You feel warm,” Inko murmurs, lowering her hand again. “I don’t think it’s a fever, but if you notice anything out of the usual, let me know, okay?”

Izuku bites his lip, probably a habit he picked up from her. “Inko-san—”

“Izuku.” She takes his hands in hers, and she can feel his scars against her smooth fingers. “You have to tell me if something’s wrong. Whatever it is, we can work through it together, but I have to know. Okay?”

Izuku swallows hard, but nods shakily. “Okay.”

 

When Eijirou knocks about half an hour later, it’s Izuku who goes and opens the door. Eijirou has a little brown paper bag of something, which he holds up excitedly for Izuku to see.

“Got ‘em!” Eijirou says, slipping off his shoes hastily. When he sees Inko further down the hall, he lifts a hand and waves enthusiastically. “Hi Inko-san!”

Inko waves back with a smile, and Eijirou turns back to Izuku. “You wanna go ahead and put them in the room?” Eijirou asks, looking hardly able to contain his excitement.

Izuku nods, and Inko sees his eyes shine. “Yeah, let’s go.”

“Great!” Eijirou reaches out as though to grab Izuku’s wrist, but then stops short, flinching back. “Um, I, erm—”

Izuku lets out a sigh and raises his arm. “It’s okay.”

Eijirou beams, grabs Izuku by the wrist, and drags him excitedly out of the room and into Izuku’s bedroom. Inko hears the door swing shut (it doesn’t latch, just closes), and she shakes her head with a smile.

Eijirou is just what Izuku needs. Someone cheerful and outgoing in nature, but someone who can also respect Izuku’s own boundaries and not push him into doing anything he isn’t comfortable with. It’s good that Izuku has a friend like him now; Inko has always done whatever she could to coax Izuku out of his shell, but maybe having someone his own age, a friend and not a parent, can influence him further.

She goes back to her papers, still smiling.

 

“I think you’re really gonna like the stickers a lot,” Kirishima says, laying on Izuku’s bed and staring up at the ceiling with his fingers by his face, making a frame. “We could put some there,” he points, “there,” he points again, “anywhere you want. They’re gonna look awesome.”

Izuku is on his bed as well, though he’s laying on his front and scrolling idly through his phone, looking at pictures of constellations. The bag of stickers is on the bedside table.

“Find anything you like?” Kirishima asks, sitting up and repositioning himself so he’s laying beside Izuku in the same position. He glances over Izuku’s shoulder at his phone. “Got anything in mi—oh I like that idea, putting them on a ceiling fan. Hey, I bet we could get some glow in the dark paint somewhere and make some of them look like shooting stars. What do you think?”

Izuku nods stiffly, though there’s something else on his mind. “Hey, Kirishima, this...this might not be the best time, and you can say no if you want to, but do you wanna hear about my past?”

Kirishima stares at him like he’d just suggested chugging a jar of glow in the dark paint.“That came out of nowhere. Why do you wanna tell me now?”

“Because I want to stop thinking about finally telling you,” Izuku answers, sitting up, “and...I wanted to do it before the star thing, that way I have it off my chest.”  

Kirishima turns away for a moment, frowning, but then he nods. “If you wanna tell me, pal, I’m...I’m all ears.”

Izuku takes in a breath to steel himself. It doesn’t really bother him much anymore, talking about his past. It’s a part of himself he’s moved on from and never has to go back to. The repercussions of it are still here, but when it comes to Kirishima, his first friend after his mom...he can tell him.

“So...I, um...I didn’t always have this Quirk,” Izuku says slowly, holding his knees against his chest with his arms wrapped around them. “I was originally Quirkless, just like my sister. Up until I was nine, we—we lived with and were raised by villains.”

Kirishima’s eyes widen, but he has no tremendous outburst of shock, which Izuku appreciates. “I guess that kinda explains all the scars,” Kirishima says, pointing at one near Izuku’s neck. “Damn, dude, you must’ve seen hell. Where’s your sister now?”

“She’s—” This, this is something he’ll always have a hard time saying. “She’s dead, Kirishima.”

“...Oh.” Kirishima’s voice is small, and Izuku doesn’t trust himself to look at Kirishima’s face. “Midoriya, I’m—I’m really sorry—”

“Me too,” Izuku says, something rising in his throat. “A-Anyway, basically what happened is, she was killed, I flipped out, the leader gave me a Quirk trying to slow me down, I escaped, Inko-san adopted me, and...here we are. That’s the shortened version.”

“And...the longer version?”

Izuku swallows thickly, then shakes his head. He’d told Toshinori specifically because Toshinori was a retired hero and Izuku had no doubt he’d be able to handle the extent of what happened; but for Kirishima, Izuku doesn’t want to make him carry everything, not now. Maybe someday. Not right now.

Kirishima gets it, and doesn’t push for answers. “I’m—I’m really sorry,” he says, shaking his head, “and even that feels stupid to say.”

“It’s not stupid,” Izuku says, looking away. “Thanks. Sorry for dropping that on you all of a sudden.”

“No, it’s fine,” Kirishima says, shaking his head. “I just—um—I don’t know what to say.”

“That’s fair.” It’s getting awkward, so Izuku bites his lip, then changes the subject altogether. “Do you wanna go ahead and get started on the star stickers? I’m actually really excited about putting them up.”

“You are?” Kirishima turns to him, then tilts his head. “...This is how you look when you’re excited”

“I try, at least.”

“Well, that’s good enough for me.” Kirishima beams at him, trying to lighten the mood, and reaches over and snatches the paper bag off the table. “Y’know, I kinda noticed, the corners of your eyes have this little light to them when you’re in a good mood.”

Izuku blinks. “Is that so?”

Kirishima nods, and Izuku ponders. Mom has always told him that he got the gleam in his eyes when he was happy, or content, or as Kirishima put it, in a good mood. He finds it interesting that Kirishima picked up on it so quickly, and it’s nice that Kirishima knows how to tell when he’s genuinely happy instead of thinking he’s constantly dead inside.

They get to their feet, and Kirishima opens the paper bag. “Let’s get this started, then!”

“Little to the left.”

“Dude you just said that.”

“Further left.”

“Okay, this any better?”

“Too far, go back.”

“Midoriya, please, this is really dangerous.”

“It’s not dangerous in the whole scheme of things,” Izuku says, balancing precariously on Kirishima’s shoulders and reaching for the ceiling with the star stickers. Kirishima is standing on his bed, his hands clasped around Izuku’s ankles to hold him steady. “This is one of the safer-dangerous things out there.”

“What does that even mean?” Kirishima cries, stumbling. “Dude please this is super precarious.”

“I’m almost done, just a little bit more to the left.”

“I don’t like this, no sir, nooooo sirrr —dangit Fistfight now is not the time to like me.”

“What’s she doing?” Izuku asks, eyes focused on plastering one of the stickers to the ceiling.

“She’s rubbing against my ankles,” is Kirishima’s answer, voice strained. “Fistfight, please, do this when I’m not standing precariously on a bED—!”

Kirishima’s voice rises in volume and pitch, and suddenly he and Izuku are tumbling, stumbling, then falling. Izuku manages to steel himself and tuck and roll upon landing, but Kirishima isn’t as lucky and barely manages to fire up his Quirk before slamming back-first into the ground.

“...Dude,” Kirishima breathes, staring upwards, “we are not— oh the star stickers actually look really nice—but ow, we are not doing that again—”

“I still have ten stickers—”

“Put them on the wall or something. Fistfight’s out to kill me, I’m not doing that again.”

There’s a knock at the door, and when Izuku and Kirishima turn in that direction, Mom pokes her head in. “I heard a thud,” she says, frowning at the two of them on the floor. “...Are you alright?”

“I’m fine,” Izuku says. “Kirishima?”

Kirishima wheezes. “Yeah I’m good. Never better. Just trying to get the stickers on the ceiling.”

Mom blinks at him, then turns and looks up at the star-coated ceiling. “We have a ladder, you know,” she says, looking at Kirishima and Izuku again. “And several step stools.”

“Oh.” Kirishima flops back on the ground. Fistfight has gone back to ignoring him, rather pouncing into Izuku’s lap innocently and rubbing her head under his chin. “Oh, this is perfect. Perfect.”

Kirishima is such a drama queen and this entire situation is so absurd that Izuku almost wants to laugh.

The next time Izuku finds himself at Dagobah Beach for training, Aizawa isn’t there.

“He was asked to accompany a group of pros on a hideout mission,” Toshinori explains when Izuku ponders his whereabouts out loud. “He’ll probably be joining us a little further into the week, but knowing him he’ll be absent for a while.”

“That’s alright,” Izuku says; after what happened the other night, the thought of using his Quirk again, even in a controlled environment with Aizawa right there to shut it off, still makes him feel very sick. “What do you want to work on today? Is there something specific?”

“Actually, there’s not much I can think of right now that I can genuinely help you with,” Toshinori admits, shaking his head. “I could give you a couple hand-to-hand combat pointers, but you seem to have that figured out as well, and you certainly don’t need any weapons-training from me. Not that that’s a requirement for U.A. in the first place.”

Izuku supposes this makes sense. All Izuku really needs to figure out at this point is his Quirk. Everything else—his skill, his abilities—is pretty set in stone, and there’s no need to modify it.

“Are you going to be at U.A. this year, Toshinori?” Izuku asks at long last, when the silence stretches into a more uncomfortable zone.

Toshinori pauses, but nods. “I am,” he says, turning towards the horizon. “I’m searching for a successor at the moment, actually. There is someone I have in mind, but...I would like to wait until I know for sure I have the right person.”

Izuku nods, turning to look at the horizon likewise. “...On a totally unrelated subject, I have this friend I want you to meet.”

“HE SAID YES!?”

“He said yes,” Izuku says, nodding. He’s sitting on the headboard of his bed, holding the phone to his ear. His cats curl in his lap or on his chest, and his nightlights shine through the dark. “He wants to start meeting with you tomorrow if you’re up to it.”

“HELL YEAH, OH MAN THIS IS AMAZING, DUDE THANK YOU SO MUCH YOU’RE THE BEST, I COULD NEVER REPAY YOU, NEVER—”

“...Are you...crying?”

“THE WORLD DOESN’T DESERVE YOU, MIDORIYA IZUKU! YOU’RE TOO GREAT!”

Izuku exhales sharply through his nose, but argues not. “Well, I’ll see you tomorrow,” he says. “Remember, four o’clock, in the morning, at Dagobah Beach. Don’t forget it. Write it down on your arm if you need to.”

“You got it, bro! I’ll see you then, alright? Oh, and make sure to get a good night’s sleep. Remember, I’m just a phone call away if you need me. Just say the word, I’ll come running.”

Izuku snorts again, shaking his head. “Goodnight, Kirishima.”

“Night, dude!”

He hangs up and sets his phone on the side table before snuggling beneath his comforters, taking his cats with him. Despite her attitude, Fistfight is surprisingly gentle with Izuku, and she’s currently curled against his chest, right where his heart is. Her three kittens are in their cardboard box on the other side of the room, snuggled up in their own blankets. Fistfight will return to them soon, Izuku knows this, she always does, but for now, she’s choosing to stay with him as though he were also her kitten.

Izuku glances up at the ceiling, at the star stickers he and Kirishima had put up there earlier, and he can’t believe where he is now. This time six years ago he’d been orphaned and alone, and now he has so much. There’s still a lot he’s getting through and a lot he has to deal with, but the fact he’s come so far already gives him more hope for the future.

He grabs his phone and snaps a picture of the ceiling. It looks better in person of course, but that doesn’t matter; he sets the photo as his phone’s background, then settles down again and falls asleep.

He’s on his way to Dagobah beach the next morning—early, of course—when Kirishima barrels past him energetically, whooping and leaping and pounding his fists into the air.

“Whoo! Yeah, let’s do this!” Kirishima hollers, launching into the air and fist-bumping the sky. “I’m so freaking pumped!”

“It’s four in the morning,” Izuku says simply, falling in step beside Kirishima when he waits up for him. “You should probably keep your voice down.”

“I know I know, but this is awesome! I can’t help it!” At this, he punches his fist into his open palm, looking so excited he could burst. “I’m super hyped, dude. This trainer guy you’ve been meeting with, he any good?”

Izuku pauses, pondering. So far, Aizawa has been far more of a help than Toshinori, which makes sense considering Izuku’s weaknesses and Aizawa’s strengths, but one thing Toshinori does have is experience, skill, and advice. After another second or so, he nods.

“He’s good,” Izuku answers. “He definitely knows what he’s talking about, if nothing else, and I’m sure he can give you a few more pointers on using your Quirk in battle, since I’m not exactly the most adept at that.”

Kirishima winces, but it lasts no longer than a moment before he’s beaming again. “Well, yeah, if you admire him, then he’s gotta be good,” Kirishima says, turning to him, and he’s run ahead before Izuku can ask what he means. With a sigh, Izuku jogs to catch up.

Toshinori is waiting for them on the garbage-covered shoreline of Dagobah beach. Aizawa isn’t there again, which Izuku was expecting, but Toshinori turns to them as they rush toward him.

“Ahh, morning,” Toshinori says, smiling. Izuku and Kirishima stop in front of him, panting (though Kirishima is far more dramatic about it than Izuku). “You must be Kirishima. I’ve heard a lot about you.”

“Really!?” Kirishima stammers, eyes wide. “I’ve heard a lot about you too, Toshinori-san! I look forward to working for you!” And then, with a low bow, “Thank you for having me!”

Toshinori waves a hand idly, and Kirishima straightens up again and runs a hand through his hair, nervous. He still has absolutely no idea that he’s talking to All Might. Judging by the look on his face and his current enthusiasm, he hasn’t got so much as a suspicion.

“Well, I won’t do any beating around the bush,” Toshinori says with a smile. “Kirishima-kun, what exactly is it you want to do?”

“I want to save people!” Kirishima shouts the words like he’s said them his whole life. “I want to be there if someone needs me, and I want to be able to do it as best I can, Sir!”

“Toshinori will do,” Toshinori says, shaking his head. He glances at Izuku, who shrugs, then turns back to Kirishima. “That’s a brilliant goal to have, Kirishima. You’ll make a fine hero with that attitude.”

Kirishima beams and turns to Izuku, who wishes, for the life of him, that he could return the gesture.

“Hauling garbage,” Kirishima strains, breathless, as he drags a loaded crate across the sands. “When you said we were training, this wasn’t exactly what I had in mind.”

“Training starts with your mind and body,” Izuku says, standing off to the side and watching idly. “We work on the ‘body’ part first, then the mind.”

Kirishima stops momentarily and stares at him, breathing heavily. “Then why aren’t you hauling anything?”

Izuku stares. “I’m literal skin and bones. The crates would sooner haul me.”

Kirishima sighs, but accepts it and keeps going.

Izuku notices Toshinori watching Kirishima, every so often casting a glance at Izuku, who doesn’t know how to respond other than shrugging or blinking. He ponders Toshinori’s search for a successor, One For All and what worthy person would eventually wield it in All Might’s place. It’s an odd thought.

He turns his gaze to Kirishima again, still struggling with the crates. “On second thought, lemme push. You pull.”  

“He’s a good kid,” Toshinori says, after a full morning of hauling and shunting. Kirishima bid Izuku goodbye and is heading off now, jogging down the sidewalk despite being working for hours.

Izuku watches Kirishima leave until he’s disappeared around a corner, then nods simply. “Yeah, he is.”

Toshinori is silent for a long moment. “Do you trust him, Midoriya?”

Izuku returns the silence for an equally long amount of time. He hasn’t known Kirishima for very long and he’s been notorious for having trust issues, and for good reason too, but already, he considers Kirishima to be a close friend, maybe even something of a brother.

“I do,” Izuku answers at long last. “I trust him with my life.”

Toshinori nods, taking it to heart, but says nothing. “Well, you should be heading home too, kiddo,” he says, turning to Izuku once more. “You and Kirishima can come back tomorrow, and I’ll ask Aizawa when he’ll be returning.”

The thought of working with his Quirk again still doesn’t appeal to Izuku, and he’d almost rather faceplant into the garbage than think about it, but he knows it must be done if he wants to get to U.A. and furthermore, become a hero at all, so he nods.

“Thank you,” he says. “I appreciate you doing this for us.”

“Think nothing of it,” Toshinori says, and although he’s smiling, there’s something very sad and tired about the look in his eyes, his demeanor. “I’m glad to be of service. Now, go ahead home, kid. I’ll see you tomorrow.”

Izuku nods. “See you.” He sets off, jogging, down the sidewalk. He usually walks, but he feels a spring in his step today. Maybe those star stickers are a bigger morale booster than he realized.

Izuku sits on his bed late that night, scrolling through his contacts. He’d gotten Toshinori’s number from his mother, and that’s saved there, although he has yet to start an actual text conversation with the hero. Izuku doesn’t have many contacts on his phone at all; back before now, he’d had Mom’s, but that was it. Kirishima’s was added recently, as was Toshinori’s, so he has a total of three numbers on his little phone.

He’s just about to shut it down for the night when a text from Kirishima pops up. Izuku opens it.

[Kirishima]
Hey dude you wanna go out for those sodas tomorrow??? I’m not doing anything else after training I don’t think, and it’s the weekend so we’ll have plenty of time. What do you say?

Izuku doesn’t really have to think about it. He shifts into a more comfortable position and leans against his headboard; the surrounding kittens mrrow in protest to his movements, but settle down again quickly.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Sure, that sounds fantastic. What time and what place?

[Kirishima]
OH YAY!! \o/
As for a time….probably after training, or, like, whatever works for you. Maybe around noon? There’s a soda shop downtown, so just meet me by the plaza and I’ll show you to it.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Cool. See you.

After a long second of contemplation, Izuku sends another text.

[Midoriya Izuku]
:)

[Kirishima]
SHDFKJIJEFSKLDF
YOU SMILED.
HOLY CRAP YOU SMILED.

[Midoriya Izuku]
It’s. It’s an emoji. I’m not actually smiling physically.

[Kirishima]
YEAH BUT YOU’RE SMILING ON THE INSIDE RIGHT??
THAT’S ALL THAT MATTERS.
DUDEDUDE I SCREENSHOTTED IT HOPE YOU DON’T MIND
DUDE I’M SO HAPPY FOR YOU.

[Midoriya Izuku]
…
It’s. It’s just an emoticon.

[Kirishima]
ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
SO HECKING PROUD OF YOU.

[Midoriya Izuku]
-_-

[Kirishima]
Ahh, now you’re back to normal. ANYWAY, I’ll see you tomorrow!! Don’t forget!

[Midoriya Izuku]
I couldn’t possibly forget. See you then. :)

[Kirishima]
YOU’RE JUST TOYING WITH ME NOW.

[Midoriya Izuku]
¯\_(ツ)_/¯

[Kirishima]
JWOLKSKPOKSDF:LDSKFL:DF

[Midoriya Izuku]
Goodnight, Kirishima.

[Kirishima]
Ok you win this time, night dude!! Cya tomorrow!

[Midoriya Izuku]
See you.

Izuku shuts off his phone, puts it on the charger on his nightstand, then turns over on his side and tries to fall asleep.

He wakes up to a sharp jolt of something, and as soon as his eyes are open, he feels like he’s being stabbed repeatedly in the head.

He jerks into an upright position, clutching his head a second later. His skin is burning. There’s a tightness in his chest, and he feels his Quirk, raging and strong and there even though he hadn’t turned it on out of his own free will.

His cats are meowing at him, concerned, but Izuku pays them no mind. He fumbles with the nightstand, still clutching his head with the other hand, feeling like his insides are going to become his outsides any second now. He tries forcing his Quirk inward on himself, but he can’t. He never can when stuff like this happens.

He finds the syringe of Quirk suppressants in the drawer. He’d just used one the other night, he hadn’t wanted to use one again so soon, it isn’t healthy, but he’s never been healthy and he can’t not use them right now so he does it anyway. He injects himself, shuts his eyes to ride it out, then tosses the syringe back into the drawer and slams it shut with a shaking hand. His whole body is shaking, actually.

He feels his Quirk get pulled back by the suppressants moments later, but it isn’t gone for good. He knows it isn’t. For a time it is but it’ll be back soon, it’ll be back and stronger than ever and he can’t take a second dose of suppressants, not immediately after a first dose.

He gets to his feet shakily and stumbles into the bathroom—or, rather, the first thing he actually does is stumble into the wall, but he’s aiming for the bathroom. He trips over the doorway and catches himself on the bathroom sink, wrists burning when he lands on them wrong.

He fumbles with the lightswitch next, and the white fluorescent lights seem to burn through his eyes and into his skull. It makes the pounding in his head skyrocket, but he ignores it in favor of rummaging through the bathroom’s top drawer.

Izuku finds the thermometer after minimal searching, and once he has it in his hand, he stumbles back against the wall and sinks to the floor. He holds the on button until the digital number zero blinks at him, then settles the tip of the device under his tongue and holds it there. His hands are shaking worse than before and he’s sure it won’t be an accurate reading, but he doesn’t have a choice right now.

It feels like an eternity between turning on the thermometer and hearing the small beeps to indicate it has a reading, and when those beeps finally come, Izuku pulls the device from his mouth and stares at it. The floor spins, but he manages to get the numbers 39.1 for the fever reading.

Yeah, that hadn’t just been a feeling. He is burning up.

Mom hasn’t seemed to notice yet, which he has to thank the Quirk suppressants for, coupled with his quick reflexes. He’d managed to get to the suppressants before the involuntary activation of his Quirk woke his mother, which is good. It’s very good.

It means she can’t stop him.

Izuku isn’t crying, but it’s about as close to crying as he’s ever gotten since living with Inko.

He’s only been with her for two years, and this is the first time she’s seen him like this. He clings to her often after coming to her in the wake of a bad dream, but now it’s different. It’s different because he’s feverish, and the Quirk suppressants aren’t doing their job. Maybe they can’t do their job.

“I hate it!” Izuku shrieks, and it’s the first time he’s spoken like this. The first time his voice has been this desperate. “I can’t stop it, I can’t, I can’t, I-I’m trying—!”

Inko holds him tighter, stroking his hair. “It’s okay,” she says, “It’s okay, Izuku, just calm down.” —But there’s static and confusion in her head, and she can barely actually feel Izuku right now. She can hear him through her ringing ears, but her senses have been completely thrown off. It’s not Izuku’s fault, he can’t help it, but it’s hard to work through. It’s hard to be reassuring when she isn’t 100% sure of her surroundings.

Izuku isn’t crying, but his voice is thick and shaky and honestly he may as well have been sobbing. “I hate it so much, I-I didn’t ask for it, I-I didn’t ask for it, Midoriya-san, I didn’t—”

“I know, I know you didn’t, it isn’t fair,” Inko says, trying to hold him tighter despite the war that seems to be raging in her head, “but you’re going to be okay. The fever won’t last forever, you’re going to be okay—”

But Izuku has no control, and sooner than later, Inko finds herself consumed by the Quirk that wasn’t his, but had been painfully thrust upon him.

 

Inko’s eyes snap open as a crack of thunder rolls through her ears. She sits up in the darkness, wondering why that of all things had been what she was dreaming about (remembering), and she sits there pondering for a single second before realizing.

Her eyes go wide, and she leaps out of bed and tears from the bedroom, rushing down the hall. The house is dark but her eyes are adjusted to it, so she doesn’t bother turning on the lights. She throws open the door to Izuku’s bedroom, for once without knocking.

The bed is empty. The bathroom light is on, the door wide open. Izuku’s kittens are roaming the room, meowing, searching.

And the window is open.

Inko runs to it and sticks her head out, greeted with rain and another roll of thunder. She searches, leaning out dangerously far and searching, desperate, but she finds nothing.

No one.

She retreats into the room, shaking, breath coming in tilteds gasps. The kittens have flocked around her but she doesn’t even notice them. Her eyes burn, she’s trembling, and she feels like the worst human being alive.

“D-Damn it.” She grits her teeth, her back hits the wall, she balls her fists. “Damn it, Izuku!”

She doesn’t mean it, but she can’t help it, and she flees the room, even as the tears begin to fall, and snatches her car keys off the table. She takes off into the night.

It’s still stormy the next day when Eijirou stands at Dagobah beach, alone, with Toshinori standing across from him. It isn’t raining anymore, but the clouds are plentiful and dark overhead, so he doesn’t trust that not to change.

Toshinori stares at Eijirou for a moment, then frowns. “Is Izuku not with you?”
“Yeah, I haven’t seen him all day,” Eijirou answers, frowning likewise. “It’s weird for him to not be here. Even the other day, he was half way here before I caught up with him, and I was running.”

It’s odd. It’s not right. And now that Eijirou has some understanding as to exactly what his friend went through, he’s worried.

“I’ll text him,” Eijirou says, already whipping out his phone and scrolling through it. Toshinori doesn’t stop him, and Eijirou finds Izuku’s number in his messages and sends a quick one.

[Kirishima]
Hey man, we’re at Dagobah beach rn. You sleeping in? Taking a day off? Either way it’s fine, just wanted to know how you were doing.

He doesn’t pocket the phone, rather holding onto it and impatiently awaiting a response. It doesn’t come.

“Maybe he’s still sleeping,” Eijirou concludes, finally pocketing his phone and nodding as though to convince himself. “Yeah, he’s probably just sleeping. You probably know he doesn’t have the best sleeping habits—I mean unless he didn’t tell you—”

“I assumed as much,” Toshinori says, holding out a hand, but he definitely seems worried, which only pushes Eijirou further on edge. “Well, we’ll wait for him a while longer before we begin. Maybe he forgot his phone.”

“Maybe,” Kirishima says, but it already seems unlikely.

Toshinori knows Izuku didn’t “forget his phone” and that’s why he isn’t responding to Kirishima’s texts, and the only reason he brings it up as an option is to try and put Kirishima’s mind at ease. He can tell the boy doesn’t believe him or think the option is a plausible one, but either way.

“I’m going to go check on Midoriya and Inko-san once we’ve finished up,” Kirishima tells him; ever since they started training, he’s been very out of it, and it shows in his progress thus far. When Izuku was here yesterday, Kirishima’s energy had been doubled. Now, it’s almost nonexistent.

“You can go check on them now, if you want to,” Toshinori says simply, knowing they won’t get anywhere today now that they’re both concerned for Izuku’s wellbeing. “I’ll drop by myself a bit later.”

“Really?” Kirishima says, turning to him, though his eyes dart to the sidewalk at once.

Toshinori nods, and Kirishima says a hasty thank you before taking off in the opposite direction. Toshinori isn’t sure he’s ever seen someone run that fast.

No one’s there. Not when Kirishima goes over in the morning, and not when Toshinori goes over that afternoon. The door is locked, the windows are shut, and the car is missing from the street. No matter how you look at it, Inko and Izuku aren’t at home now which, considering Izuku’s overall situation, puts Toshinori on a concerned, almost frenzical edge.

He hasn’t been able to get ahold of Inko, and Kirishima tells him that he hasn’t been able to get ahold of Izuku, either. The house is shut, vacant; it’s almost like the two of them have completely disappeared.

Toshinori visits again in the evening. Kirishima goes the next morning, a full day since they last heard from either Midoriya. Kirishima goes that afternoon, and Toshinori tries visiting in the evening, but nothing. The house is just as empty now as it’d been all the previous times they’d tried.

“I don’t get it,” Kirishima says, a whole solid two days since they last heard from Izuku or Inko. “I don’t get it at all, why wouldn’t Midoriya say something? I’ve been texting him all the time, why won’t he respond? It isn’t like him to be like this, and I know it isn’t like Inko-san, either.”

Something’s wrong. It’s a silent agreement between Toshinori and Kirishima. Neither of them dare to say it out loud, but they both know the truth; something is terribly, horribly wrong.

And then, on the evening of the third day, Toshinori is just leaving the residence after what seems like a wasted effort when Inko quite literally crashes into him.

She’s distraught about something, that much is plain. The car keys are still in her hand, and there are dark circles under her eyes, like it’s been days since she last slept. Around them, the rain falls and the sun sets in the horizon, and Toshinori thinks, for a moment, that Inko looks very scared.

No, Inko looks terrified, and despite everything, despite the fact that she’s raising a traumatized child, that she’s been in the hospital with him several times, is a lawyer, has seen so many terrible cases, including her own child, she looks devastatingly horrified.

“Inko,” Toshinori says, and she stares at him wide-eyed, like she’s never seen him before. “What’s wrong? Where’s Izuku?”

Something flickers in her eyes, and in the sky above them, lightning cracks.

“He’s gone.”

Toshinori is sitting on the couch, and Inko is taking several full bowls of cat food and setting them on the floor for the kittens. Toshinori had heard her fine, but he wants to believe he hadn’t.

“Gone?” he breathes, and Inko nods feverishly, rushing back to the counter to grab two more bowls for the many cats of the household. “What do you mean he’s gone?”

Inko is very distracted and very frantic, so it takes a good five seconds before she stammers out a response. “When he was little, eleven, he, he got terribly sick and he accidentally harmed me with his Quirk. It didn’t hurt much and it wasn’t a physical affliction, but it scared him, it scared him so badly, and now, whenever he gets sick, he—he, I—”

The door opens again around the same time thunder rolls and lightning strikes.

Izuku is in the doorway, and he looks worse than Toshinori has ever seen him. He’s soaking wet, his hair hangs in front of his face, and every inch of bare skin (which is mainly his face and neck, he’s still wearing a hoodie) is a ghostly shade of pale.

The bowls in Inko’s hands hit the ground, dry cat food flying everywhere, and she charges across the room with a sharp cry of Izuku’s name. She catches him when he pitches forward, though she pulls away a second later and frames his face in her hands, frantically looking him over.

“I told you we could work it out,” Inko tells him, and there’s a mixture of pain, relief, and anger in her tone, though mostly the former two. “I told you we could get through it together, Izuku, I told you to tell me.”

Toshinori approaches with a blanket he’d grabbed off the back of the couch, and Inko wastes no time in taking it and wrapping it around Izuku’s shaking shoulders. While she guides him over to the couch and the cats abandon their food in favor of greeting Izuku, Toshinori shuts the front door to keep out the wind.

He’s still processing this, all of this. Izuku had mentioned that he got sick often, but he’d never mentioned how disastrous it is when he gets really sick. He never told Toshinori that he leaves home, without warning, whenever his fever gets high enough to send his already wayward Quirk haywire, and of course he had no obligation to tell Toshinori anything, but…

Toshinori finds himself wondering if there’s something the kid doesn’t have baggage attached to, and as he watches Izuku curl up on the couch while Inko fusses over him (with good reason), he finds himself recalling Aizawa’s words.

He finds himself thinking that maybe he did bite off more than he could chew.  
Chapter 10
Notes:

    No art this time around, but huge thanks to all the artists who have!! Thank you all, and enjoy the chapter!! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

I’m sorry.

Mom keeps glancing at him over her shoulder from where she’s working in the kitchen, and whenever they make eye contact, Izuku raises a hand weakly.

I’m sorry.

Mom lets out a long sigh and takes the tray she’s been preparing and enters the living room, setting it down on the coffee table. Izuku is laying on the couch, a now-damp rag settled over his forehead; there’s a basin of cold water on the floor beside the couch.

I’m—

Mom reaches toward him and takes his hand in both of hers, cutting him off. She holds his gaze for a long moment, then sighs and settles down on the edge of the couch without letting go of his hand.

“Don’t apologize,” she says, voice quiet—or maybe that’s just Izuku’s ringing ears finally coming back to normal. “Izuku, I—all you’ve done is apologize since coming home, just... stop.”

Izuku swallows hard, head pounding. He feels like he owes it to her to apologize and to keep apologizing; after all, he’d been gone for a whole three days, isolating himself somewhere where no one would find him, where no one would feel the effects of his out of control Quirk, and it’s not the first time he’s done this. He’d come home as soon as his fever dropped below 39, which seemed to be the temperature in which his Quirk went haywire, but he’s still feverish and sick now and his mother is left to take care of him, even after frantically searching for him for the duration of those three days.  

“Izuku, you...you can’t keep doing this,” Mom says, shaking her head and squeezing his hand. “You can’t keep doing this to yourself, or to me. I know you don’t want to hurt anyone, but I’d rather be here and have to deal with your Quirk than to not know where you are or if you’re hurt or in danger.”

Izuku knows this, he just doesn’t agree.

“Izuku, please. I want to help you figure things out. I want to do whatever I can for you, and I’m going to. There’s nothing you can say or do that’ll change that. But…” She stops, and sighs. “When you leave like that, without telling me where you’re going...it hurts me more than your Quirk ever could.”

Izuku also knows this, but he says nothing. After what happened when he was eleven, he’s not sure he’ll ever be able to trust himself enough to be around his mother while he’s feverish and his Quirk is out of control.

He raises the hand she isn’t holding. I’m sorry.

Mom lets out a long, long sigh, but smiles sadly and removes the rag from his head, soaking it in the water by the couch. She kisses his forehead, then settles the now wet rag back over his head and eyes.

“Just, lie still for now,” she says, and her voice is calming and gentle, though Izuku can also hear her exhaustion. “I’ll bring you your soup again later, after you’ve slept some. Alright?”

Izuku nods, and when he reaches for her hand, she squeezes it and doesn’t let go until long after he’s fallen into a restless slumber.

When he wakes up again, he still feels hazy and sick, but there’s a weight dipping the couch that definitely isn’t his. He sits up slowly from his fetal position, the humid rag falling onto the cushion he’d been curled on. Kirishima is sitting beside him on the couch lazily, thumbs tapping away at some game on his phone.

Kirishima glances over at Izuku, but just for a second. “Heya,” he says, but his tone lacks its usual merriment. “How’re you feeling?”

Izuku sighs. Okay, he says. He can feel something akin to hostility rolling off Kirishima in waves. ...What’s wrong?

Kirishima frowns at him, then sighs, still tapping away at his game. “I’m mad at you,” he says simply. “You were sick and you ran off without telling anybody. Inko-san said it happens a lot. Why would you do that? Do you have any idea how worried I was? How worried we all were?”

Izuku has always felt guilty about going away like he does when his fever drives his Quirk to the brink, but with his mother’s words, coupled with Kirishima’s, he feels even worse. I’m sorry, he says, for what he knows won’t be the last time. I’m sorry.

Kirishima lets out a heaving sigh, then lifts an arm. “C’mere, buddy.”

After little hesitation, Izuku scoots over and leans into Kirishima’s side. Kirishima settles his arm around Izuku’s shoulders, his other hand swiping at his phone. He’s playing some variation of Temple Run, and judging by the speed the character is moving at, he’s good at it.

What is it? Izuku asks, using simple signs that he’s sure Kirishima knows.

Kirishima manages to catch the movement out of the corner of his eye. “Just some dumb endless run game,” he answers shortly. “You wanna try?”

Izuku shakes his head. Kinda dizzy, he says. I’ll watch.

“Oh, okay. Yeah, you still feel pretty warm. Do you feel better or worse?”

Physically, better. Emotionally, worse.

Kirishima looks at him out of the corner of his eye, wincing. “I’m sorry,” he says, “that might’ve been kinda...harsh, y’know. For me to just drop that on you. But, dude, seriously, I was freaking out. I didn’t know where you were or what was going on. If you’re gonna do that again, just, text me so I know where you are. I’ll bring cookies or something, I dunno. Or soup, yeah, that’s probably better—”

“N-No.” Izuku’s voice is weak, and he feels Kirishima tense. “D-Don’t go looking for me. P-Please.”

“Dude, I won’t have to go looking for you if you just tell me where you—”

“I-I can’t—” Izuku’s parched throat gets the better of him, and soon he’s coughing and hacking. Kirishima stops what he’s doing and thumps him on the back, forcefully but not harshly, until the fit ends.

“Yeah, save your voice,” Kirishima says once it’s finally over, and he settles an arm around Izuku’s shoulders again. “Just, sign if you wanna talk, alright? Although, you should probably be resting instead.”

Izuku definitely doesn’t plan on verbalizing again, but he isn’t tired enough to fall asleep again right now. Kirishima restarts his run game, and Izuku leans his head on his shoulder to watch. He’s definitely good at the game; Izuku wonders if he plays it a lot.

A thought strikes him, and he bumps his head against Kirishima’s shoulder. Kirishima looks at him out of the corner of his eye. “What’s up?”

About you, Izuku says.

“...Me?”

Izuku nods. You, growing up.

“Oh—you wanna know about my childhood?”

Izuku nods again, and Kirishima takes in a breath, pondering. “Hmm...it’s pretty boring, to be honest, but I guess I should start from the top…”

Izuku closes his eyes, listening.

“Well, for starters, I was adopted, too.”

Really?

“Mmmhmm. Not really like you were, it was kinda more like...my parents left me on someone’s doorstep? That’s what my dad—y’know, my foster dad—that’s what he told me. It never really bothered me, y’know? Like, they were my parents one way or the other, blood or not, but I always did wonder what happened to my blood parents.”

My blood parents gave me and my sister up too, Izuku says. I know the feeling.

“Ah, right, erm...so, I guess from there I just kinda, y’know, I saw videos of heroes saving people, and I thought it was really cool. There was this girl I knew in the school I went to when I was younger. I didn’t really talk to her, but she was really inspiring. My family and I moved a little while later, and then...well, from then on I’ve got nothing to report, up until I met you.”

Izuku takes this to heart. So you were inspired to be a hero by that girl you knew?

“Well, partially. You were a huge inspiration to me, too, y’know.”

Izuku opens his eyes and blinks at Kirishima several times. Kirishima looks at him out of the corner of his eyes, but doesn’t turn to him, thumbs flying across his phone screen.

“Don’t look at me like that,” Kirishima says, cracking a smile. “It was really freaking awesome what you did against the slime villain dude. Even though you could’ve died, you jumped in there to save Yatchi, and I mean, that was...that was pretty amazing. I don’t think I would’ve been able to do that, at the time.”

Izuku looks away.

“But I want to be able to, someday,” Kirishima says, smiling a little brighter. “I wanna be able to jump into the fray, fearless, and face whatever I’ve got right in front of me. I wanna be that shield between the victim and the villain, and thanks to you...I think I might be able to.”

It’s weird, hearing this from Kirishima, but Izuku supposes it’d be weird to hear from anyone. He says nothing, and Kirishima ruffles his hair with the hand that isn’t holding his phone. Izuku would usually flinch away from gestures like this, but it’s Kirishima. He trusts him.

“So...I’ve got a question for you, Midoriya. Why do you run off whenever you get sick?”

Izuku stiffens. It’s not that this is any harder to share than the rest of his life story, but he’s never actually had to explain this to anyone before. He takes a breath, swallows, then speaks. Softly.

“I can’t stop it. My Quirk. When I’m sick, Quirk suppressants only stop it for a small amount of time, and it’s dangerous to take more than the required dosage in a short amount of time. So I just...I-I don’t want to hurt anyone, so I just...I leave.”

“...I guess I get it,” Kirishima says, “but at the same time, man, I mean...do you really think that’s the solution?”

“I can’t control my Quirk,” Izuku croaks. “It’s like...i-it’s like I’m trapped within its chains whenever I use it. I can’t break free, and, the chains...they’re constantly suffocating me. That’s what it’s like. I don’t want to do that to anyone else.”

Kirishima is silent for a long time.

“...But, it’s your power, isn’t it?”

Izuku frowns at him, wondering, and Kirishima goes on.

“It’s your power,” Kirishima elaborates. “It’s yours now, regardless of who it belonged to before, and...it’s going to be hard, but you’re going to learn to control it. You’re going to use it to save people someday. I know you will.”

Izuku swallows back the lump in his throat. How do you know? he asks, only half sarcastic.

Kirishima pauses his game, sets his phone to the side, then turns to Izuku and smiles. Because I know you, Kirishima answers.

Izuku stares, and Kirishima laughs and ruffles his hair again. “Want a turn at the game?” he asks, passing over his phone, and Izuku shrugs, takes it, and gives it a shot.

It’s definitely Kirishima’s thing. Izuku can’t play it to save his life.

That’s about as coherent as Izuku gets for the next couple of days. He stays on the couch, sleeping fitfully and only waking up long enough to sip at some broth or water before going under again. He doesn’t really take the whole “recovery” thing very seriously until he overhears Mom telling Kirishima that she’s considering taking him to see a doctor, concerned that he’s dehydrated. After that, he begrudgingly drinks more water when he is awake, and when Kirishima brings him a bowl of soup his mother made, he accepts it.

It’s feels like it takes an eternity, but in reality, Izuku was only sick for a total of six days—three of which he spent where no one would find him, and the other three that were spent at home with Mom and Kirishima. On the sixth day since waking up feverish in the middle of the night, he finally manages to drag himself out of bed on his own fruition and head into the living room. He doesn’t remember exactly how he ended up in his own room instead of on the couch. Maybe Kirishima carried him, he can’t be sure.

Mom is going over papers when he steps into the room, his cats curling around his ankles. She beckons him over, and Izuku takes a seat beside her on the couch. Despite him knowing that she isn’t mad at him, he still can’t help but feel awkward and guilty.

“Toshinori called,” Mom says absentmindedly, reaching over and wrapping an arm around his shoulders.  After a moment or two, he leans into her. “He’s been worried about you, too, but I told him you were alright. How are you feeling?”

“Better,” Izuku says, which is true; it’s been the first time in almost a week that he’s felt well enough to function. “Thanks.”

Mom shakes her head. “I told Kirishima to go home and have some time to himself,” she tells him, tone light. “He’s been here consistently ever since you came home. He really cares for you a lot, Izuku.”

Izuku thinks back to Kirishima’s words, his smile, his heart, and nods. “I know.”

Mom nods, then lets him go and rises to her feet. “Well, I have soup leftover,” she says, already making for the kitchen. “Even if you don’t feel like it, you should eat something now that you’re up.”

Izuku wants to argue, but he can’t bring himself to do it this time. Not after everything he’s put her through. “Okay.”

“I’m like, almost positive that it’s too soon for you to be going out.”

“I won’t feel any better tomorrow,” Izuku says, falling in step beside Kirishima as they head to Dagobah Beach the following morning. Today makes a full week since Izuku originally got sick and ran off. “Besides, normality is good sometimes, especially with my life. Anything I can keep normal, I’d like to.”

Kirishima frowns, but sighs. “Okay, man, as long as you’re sure you can actually handle it,” he says. “I don’t mind carrying you home, but I’d rather not have to.”

“I’ll be okay,” Izuku assures him, but he’s not sure Kirishima believes him. “If it makes you feel better, I ate breakfast this morning.”

“That’s good,” Kirishima says, “but still. If you wanna go home, just say the word. Got it?”

Izuku snaps an unenthusiastic thumbs-up at him, and they continue on.

The day goes uneventfully. Nothing changes; Toshinori does seem worried, and he asks Izuku several times throughout the day if he’s alright, to which Izuku says that, yes, he is, and no, he doesn’t need to go home early, he’s fine, and yes, he’ll be okay. It’s tedious and it does get kind of annoying before long, but Izuku can hardly blame him for his concern.

They end earlier than usual that day, no doubt Toshinori trying to let Izuku home early, just in case he was lying about being alright. Kirishima has no argument against it; instead, he bows and thanks Toshinori for everything, then turns back towards Izuku with a grin.

“Well, I’ll cya later!” Kirishima says, approaching. “If you feel up to a study session tonight, just lemme know.”

“Alright.” Izuku nods. “See you later, maybe.”

“See yo—oh wait, I have an idea!” Kirishima takes Izuku’s wrist and moves his arm so it’s held out in front of him. “Do this—” Kirishima brings his hand down on the top of Izuku’s, “—then this—” He reverses the action, hitting the top of his hand against the bottom of Izuku’s, “—and then—” He balls his hand into a fist, and when Izuku does the same, Kirishima knocks their knuckles together. “—There we go! A handshake!”

Izuku blinks twice at his still-outstretched hand. “...That wasn’t a handshake.”

“Yes it is!” Kirishima says, grinning. “It’s our handshake!”

“...But we didn’t shake hands.”

Kirishima laughs, then shakes his head. “It’s one of those ‘best friend’ handshakes that people come up with,” he says, still beaming. “I figured we should have our own!”

Izuku blinks thrice, then draws his hand to himself and stares down at it. “...I…”

“Well, later! Bye, Toshinori-san!”

Kirishima waves his hand over his head at the both of them, and Izuku waves back at him slowly, still wide-eyed. Toshinori moves to stand beside him, also waving, and as soon as Kirishima is out of sight, they lower their hands in unison.

“...I’m considering giving One For All to him,” Toshinori says out of nowhere, and Izuku turns, listening. “I hadn’t had time to think about it before, but that boy was a help during the incident with the slime villain, wasn’t he?”

Izuku nods. “He took care of Yatchi, too,” he says, turning to face the sidewalk down which Kirishima had gone. “Even though he couldn’t communicate properly with her, and even though he didn’t know the first thing about her or her family, he still did whatever he could to help her.”

Toshinori nods. “So...what do you think?”

“About giving it to Kirishima?”

Toshinori nods, and Izuku ponders this.

“...I think, if he’d accept it, he’d be the perfect candidate for it,” Izuku says and means every word. “But, ultimately, whatever  you wanna do with your Quirk is up to you.”

He realizes, a second later, that that’s the exact same thing Kirishima had told him.

“Hmm…” Toshinori muses, then sighs. “Well, I’ll keep it in my thoughts,” he says, smiling. “As for you, Aizawa had asked me to tell you to meet him at the park near the plaza when you were finished up here. I told him you were under the weather and that you might not be able to make it today, but…”

“Tell him I’ll be there,” Izuku says, already turning in that direction. “Thank you, Toshinori-san.”

“Don’t mention it, kiddo. Tell Aizawa hi from me, the only way he’ll accept it is if it comes from you.”

Izuku nods, waves, then turns and heads down the street.

True to what Toshinori told him, Aizawa is waiting downtown in a small grassy park. It’s out of the way for the most part; not like the park Izuku had met Yatchi and Kirishima at. Not many people are here; Izuku sees an occasional passer-by or jogger, but that’s about it.

Aizawa lifts his head to him when he arrives. He isn’t wearing his costume, rather a plain gray t-shirt and black pants. Probably to blend in, Izuku thinks; despite being an underground hero, paparazzi is still a very real, very annoying thing, especially for Aizawa, who hates the media to begin with.

“You made it,” Aizawa says, arms crossed, though there’s no malice in his voice. “All Might told me you were sick.”

“There’s always something wrong with me,” Izuku says, “so whether we do this now or later doesn’t really make a difference. Besides, I’m feeling better.”

Aizawa raises an eyebrow at him, but shrugs it off. “We won’t be training here,” he says, turning and walking in the opposite direction. “Follow me. We’re taking the bullet train.”

Izuku tilts his head to one side, then jogs to flank him.

“The Shituigi Prefecture,” Aizawa announces after they get off the train and head farther downtown. “Mostly abandoned. There was a catastrophic earthquake a couple of years ago, and a lot of people call this place ‘cursed.’ It never got rebuilt, so it makes for a nice training ground.”

Izuku blinks at the wreckage. Half-standing buildings with blown out windows surround them. None of them are the same height, and every building looks more demolished than the last. There are giant, gaping cracks in the road from where the earthquake tore the asphalt apart, and Izuku has a hard time imagining a time where this was ever a bustling place.

“All Might basically told me that he’s got no idea how to train you or what to work on,” Aizawa says idly, stepping towards one of the buildings, “so he’s left it to me to train you properly.”

“That makes sense,” Izuku says, thinking this over. “With my skills, I’ll probably end up becoming some kind of underground hero, anyway. The media’s never really been my shtick, either.”

Aizawa turns to him, wondering. “You’re talkative today.”

“Would you rather I wasn’t?”

Aizawa shakes his head, which really could mean anything. “Anyway, yeah,” he says, turning towards the buildings, “all things considered it’s better for all of us that I’m the one to train you. Along with basic skills, there’s also your Quirk, which we still need to get a handle on before school starts.”

Oh. Yeah, that.

“What do you suggest?”

“As far as your Quirk goes? Nothing, right now. Before we do anything…” Aizawa turns to him sharply and shifts his feet. “Fight me. However you’d like to.”

Izuku blinks, then shrugs, stuffing his hands into his pockets. “Alrighty.”

He swings both arms out at the same time, and four knives go flying. Aizawa swings between them and aims a kick; Izuku throws himself backwards, fingers closing around another knife in his pocket. The next time Aizawa comes at him, Izuku throws it towards his face. It leaves a nick on his cheek, but that’s all it does. Izuku dives to the side to regain his bearings, grasping another knife, but then, his feet are kicked out from under him, fingers curl around his knife-arm, and he sees stars when the back of his head hits the pavement.

Aizawa pins his arm down beside his head on the ground, immobilizing it. “You’re quick on your feet,” Aizawa says, “but—”

Izuku grabs a handful of dirt from the ground and throws it in Aizawa’s face. Aizawa springs back, blinking feverishly, and Izuku hops to his feet and pulls back his knife arm, ready to throw the blade.

“I could end it,” Izuku says, looking Aizawa in the eyes (which is a bit tricky, because Aizawa is still blinking to clear away the dust), “but I’m not going to.”

Izuku lowers his knife arm, and Aizawa fishes clearing away the dirt in his eyes and stares.

“So,” he says, “you’ve already developed your own style there, huh.”

“It’s been years since I started fighting,” Izuku says, “so I would hope I’ve developed something by now.”

Aizawa gives a curt nod, though he seems distracted. “You know, Midoriya, I see a lot of things in you,” he says, stepping forward. “I see someone who’s had to fight for his life, I see someone who’s learned what he knows now from experience and pain, I see someone dangerous, someone with more power than he realizes. But, you know what I don’t see in you?”

Aizawa kneels in front of him, and with Izuku’s height, they’re nearly eye-level.

“... I don’t see a fifteen year old boy.”

Izuku swallows hard and grips his knife tighter. “Up until I met Kirishima, I didn’t know what a fifteen year old boy was supposed to look like.”

Aizawa nods and rises to his feet again. “I want you to know, I’m extremely familiar with your situation,” he says calmly, but matter of factly. “The police force almost had to call me in when they first found you, because their Quirk suppressants were no good at first and they didn’t want to risk giving you a higher dose. In the end, they didn’t need me, but they filled me in.”

That would explain a few things. “So you know everything.”

“I only know what the police knows,” Aizawa answers. “Anything you’ve kept to yourself, anything extra they’ve found just recently, I don’t know any of that. But I thought you had the right to know.”

Izuku looks down at his shoes—light up ones, a pair Mom got for him shortly after she took him in. They’d been big on him before, but he’s nearly grown into them now.

“Thanks,” he says, looking to Aizawa again. “Saves me the trouble of explaining everything, then.”

Aizawa nods sharply. “Tell you what,” he says, crossing his arms again. “Do good with your training, and I’ll take you out for ice cream or something.”

Izuku frowns. “Why would you do that?”

“It’s like I said,” Aizawa says, shifting into another fighting stance that’s more or less the same as the last time. “Fifteen year old boy. Now, round two?”

Izuku blinks, then nods and readies himself as well.

They don’t get around to any Quirk training that day. Aizawa says that, if Izuku really is under the weather or recovering from being ill, the last thing they want to do is force Izuku to use his Quirk and put his body under stress.

“We’ll wait until you’ve completely recovered before getting back into that,” Aizawa says as they head from the train station and back into the more populated part of the city. “Until then, don’t think about it too much, alright?”

Izuku nods. It’s later in the day, and there aren’t many people around; they still haven’t reached the heart of the city, and Izuku decides to enjoy the serenity while he can.

“Do you think I’ll be able to figure it out?” Izuku asks, when he thinks about it. “Do you really think I’ll be able to figure out my Quirk before school starts?”

Aizawa doesn’t answer for a long time. “It depends,” he says. “I won’t lie to you, your Quirk and your Quirk Factor aren’t in good shape. There’s a lot that’s been broken and torn and destroyed, most likely from when you first received the Quirk forcefully. If you want to control it, you’ve got a lot of work to do. So, I don’t think it’s so much a matter of whether I think you can do it. In the end, it’s primarily up to you.”

Izuku ponders this for a long moment. Being able to actually control his Quirk feels more like a distant dream than a possible future, but then he thinks of Kirishima’s words, and Kirishima’s faith in him, and, well...who is Izuku to let down his best friend?

“I’ll definitely give it my best shot,” Izuku says firmly. “And if I can’t do it, well, at least I tried.”

Aizawa turns to look at him for a moment, then nods and faces his head forward again. “Sounds like a plan to me.”

Izuku is just about to say something else, but just as he and Aizawa pass a nearby tree in the grass beside the sidewalk, he hears something rustle in the leaves. There’s no wind, so it can’t be that, which means…

Izuku and Aizawa both glance upwards into the tree at the same time. Standing on one of the highest branches, claws deep into the bark, is a striped, orange cat.

Izuku and Aizawa turn to look at each other at once. “I can climb trees,” Izuku says immediately, already stepping into the grass. “I’m going to get it down.”

To his surprise, Aizawa nods instead of objecting. “I’ll catch you if you fall,” he says, in on it, and Izuku swings himself up onto the first branch, then onto the second, then the third.

The cat does not want to be touched. It doesn’t want anything to do with Izuku, actually. It swipes at him and hisses, not realizing that it’s being helped, and Izuku barely manages to retract his hand in time.

“It’s scared,” Izuku hollers down to Aizawa, then tries again. “Hey, I’m not gonna hurt you, just let me—”

The cat snarls at him, and Izuku sighs and retracts his hand again. “I know how it feels, you know,” he says, and in his heart he knows the cat can’t understand him, but, still. “Being scared and thinking you need to fight all the time. But you don’t need to fight all the time. I want to help you.”

The cat doesn’t stop glaring at him, but the next time Izuku reaches out to it, it doesn’t swipe at him. It hisses, wary, right up until Izuku settles his hand gently on the cat’s head.  The cat stops snarling at him, and carefully, Izuku scoops it into his arms.

“You got it?” Aizawa calls up to him.

“Yeah, barely,” Izuku says, nodding, “but I don’t think it’s gonna want me carrying it down from the tree. It’s really scared.”

There’s a moment of silent thought, and then, Aizawa holds out his arms. “Jump, I’ll catch you.”

Izuku doesn’t even need to think about it. He leaps from the branch, tightening his hold around the cat, and he lands in Aizawa’s arms.

Aizawa sets him down, and Izuku loosens his grip on the cat when it squirms. It looks around, curious, then hisses at Aizawa when it notices him.

“Thanks,” Izuku says, petting the cat on the head with a finger. “Now that he’s down from the tree he’ll probably be a lot happier—”

“Midoriya. You’re too light.”

Izuku blinks at him. “What?”

“You weigh next to nothing,” Aizawa says, and now that their eyes meet, Izuku can see something like shock and realization deep in Aizawa’s stare. “If you want to keep training like this and eventually get into U.A., you’re going to need to get your health back on track first.”

Izuku blinks again. “I—”

“This isn’t negotiable, Midoriya. You’re going to kill yourself if you keep going on like this.”

Izuku wants to argue, but he knows there’s no way he can. Aizawa is right, he’s absolutely right, and it’s not the first time Izuku has heard this. Mom has always told him the same thing, pushed him to eat when he didn’t want to. Except, now, it’s finally starting to click.

“...Okay,” Izuku says, holding the cat a little tighter. It’s nicer to hold than his knives. “I’ll—I’ll do my best.”

Aizawa sighs, then straightens up and jerks his head down the sidewalk. “Well, come on. I promised you an ice cream either way, didn’t I?”

Izuku nods, puts down the cat, murmurs a small, “Goodbye. Stay out of the trees from now on,” then follows Aizawa down the sidewalk.

“Do you like cats, Aizawa-sensei?” Izuku asks, falling in step beside him.

Aizawa pauses, but nods. “I do,” he says. “I’m quite fond of them, actually.”

“Do you have any?”

Aizawa nods again.

“How many?”

“....Seventeen.”

Izuku’s heart soars. “Can I go see them sometime?” he asks, wishing he had the kind of face that would display his excitement properly. “Do you think they’d like me?”

“They’d probably like you more than they like me,” Aizawa says, and he sounds almost betrayed, “but yes, if you would like to see them sometime I don’t see why you can’t.”

Izuku’s spirits lift higher, and he nods. “Thank you.”

“What about you?” Aizawa asks. “I’m not even going to ask if you have any. How many do you have?”

“Ten, right now,” Izuku says, recalling each to mind. “I had six at first, but then I found another one, and then she turned out to be pregnant so now we have three little tiny kittens that live in a cardboard box.”

“Ten, huh?” Aizawa pauses for a moment, then looks over his shoulder. “I believe you have eleven, now.”

“What?” Izuku follows his gaze. The bad-tempered cat is right at Izuku’s heels, following him. “Aww…” Izuku kneels and stretches out his hand; the cat sniffs it, but doesn’t swipe or hiss, which is an improvement. “I bet they don’t have a home…”

“I’m sure they do, now,” Aizawa says, and Izuku has to agree. He holds out his arms, and when the cat steps into them tentatively, Izuku rises to his feet again.

“Do you think the ice cream place allows pets?” Izuku asks, falling in step beside Aizawa again with the cat nestled in his arms.

“Dunno,” Aizawa says, shrugging, “but we could always sit outside if we have to.”

Izuku gets home later that afternoon, around four o’clock; not late enough for his study session with Kirishima, but early enough for dinner to still be in the workings.

The cat in Izuku’s arms squirms, wanting to search out its new surroundings. Izuku shushes it and holds tighter.

“Just hang on a sec,” Izuku says, creeping towards his room after kicking off his shoes. “I have to ask Mom, but it’d be best to do over dinner. You don’t want her finding out about you before I have a chance to talk to her first—”

“Talk to me about what?” comes Mom’s voice from almost right behind him, and Izku takes in a long breath through his nose and lets it out slowly. “Izuku...what do you have?”

Izuku bites his lip, looks down at the cat, then turns around toward his mother. “Fiddlesticks?”

It garners exactly the kind of reaction Izuku was expecting. Mom lets out a heaving sigh, shoulders slumping, and shakes her head sadly.

“Izuku, I’m sorry, but ten is already too many,” she says, still shaking her head. “We can’t keep bringing more and more cats in, sweetheart, we can’t…”

“He’s sad,” Izuku says, looking to her desperately. “Look at him, Inko-san, he doesn’t have anybody to love him.”

“Izuku, sweetheart—”

“He’s really sad. And he’s all alone.”

“I’m sorry, Izuku, I really am, but...we already have so many…”

Izuku is just about to lose hope, but then he realizes something. He freezes, waits a second, and then, his eyes go wide. “Inko-san, he’s purring,” Izuku says, staring at her with bright eyes. “He’s purring, he’s never purred before, he’s actually happy, Inko-san, he’s happy, he loves us.”

“Oh, good lord…” Inko pinches the bridge of her nose. “Yes, yes, you can keep it...oh, dear, we might as well just open a cat cafe and be done with it…”

Izuku’s eyes shine. “Can we?”

“Izuku.”
Notes:

    WHOOP WHOOP, another chapter reasonably soon after the first update!! \o/ I'm really excited for these next couple of chapters. Things are really kicking off soon and I hope you guys enjoy what I come up with!! :D

    Also a huuuuge thanks to everyone who's commented, I know I didn't respond to all of them and I'm sorry but I love you all and your support means so much to me so thankyouthankyouthankyousososososomuchdfhkdfhkjgfdg

    Also I kinda wanted to say that the song-theme I had in mind for this fic is "Battle Scars" by Paradise Fears. I originally had a more darker song in mind for the theme of this fic, but considering this story isn't about Izuku's past but about what lies in store for him and his future, this is much more fitting.

    Again, thank you all for all your support, and considering how excited I am about all that's about to go down, I'll see you guys soon!! :D

Chapter 11
Notes:

    Art!!

    ayris-arts

    starartincorporation

    Thank you both so much!! Enjoy the chapter! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

"I don’t know how to help him.”

“Yeah, I kinda gathered that from the beginning,” Shouta says with a frown, turning to face the horizon. “I’m surprised you’re only getting it now, but you’ve always been a little on the dense side.”

All Might—in his true form, not the form the world knows him by—turns to look at him, almost betrayed, but it doesn’t last long. His shoulders slump, and more than anything, he looks weary.

“I thought I’d know what to say, or what to do,” he says, turning to watch the sunrise, “but...after what happened now...I don’t think I’m suited for this kind of thing. I don’t want to give up on him, don’t get me wrong. That’s not what I mean. But…”

He trails off, but Shouta already heard all that he needed to.

“You want a quick fix for things,” Shouta says flatly, facing the horizon likewise. “You want to be able to dive into any kind of situation and right every wrong in the span of a moment. It’s what you’re used to doing. But you can’t do that with Midoriya. You’ll never be able to do that with Midoriya. The things he’s seen, what he’s been through...it could take a whole lifetime before he reaches any semblance of normal.”

“I know,” All Might says dolefully. “I know that—I knew that—I just hoped that I could do something about it regardless.”

Shouta takes in a breath, then nods. He understands it, really, he does, but even so. “Let me work with Midoriya,” he says, in a tone that doesn’t leave room for argument. “Quirk-wise, combat-wise...I’ll work with him.”

All Might turns to him, wide-eyed. “You’d do that?”

“I already said I’d help you,” Shouta says simply, “and at this point, I’m invested. You can focus on Midoriya’s friend and getting him into U.A., and I’ll work with Midoriya.”

All Might takes in a long, deep breath, then lets it out in a rush. “Thank you. I owe you one.”

“Mm. Don’t forget it.”

Shouta lands a blow on Midoriya’s ribs with the heel of his foot, and Midoriya stumbles to the side with a soft but sharp cry. Shouta straightens up again, panting to get his breath back, and Midoriya holds his side with his off-hand.

“Sorry,” Shouta says, stepping towards him. “I wasn’t trying to kick you that hard.” He isn’t one to go easy on people, especially aspiring heroes, but Midoriya is a special case. Shouta knows beyond a shadow of a doubt that even a single, normal kick has the potential to seriously injure Midoriya.

“It’s fine,” Midoriya says, lowering his hand and straightening up (though Shouta does catch the slight crinkle at the corner of his eye, something reminiscent of a wince). “I got distracted, and you hit me.”

Shouta frowns. “You got distracted.”

“Yep.” Except, he goes back to sharpening his knife with a piece of broken asphalt, and considering that this is a nervous habit, Shouta has no reason to believe him.

“Midoriya, I have a question for you.”

Midoriya stops and glowers up at him. He probably isn’t trying to glare, but his general demeanor and flat facial features make it seem that way quite often. “Shoot.”

“Is there anything else I need to know? Something that maybe the police don’t have on-file?”

Midoriya tilts his head to one side, but the look on his face stays the same. “Like, what do you mean?”

“I mean, is there anything I can say or do that’ll trigger a flashback.”

Midoriya’s hand freezes, the chunk of asphalt about halfway up the blade of the knife. He stares at Shouta, and he doesn’t look confused or shocked, merely startled. After a long moment, he lowers his arms down to his sides and takes a breath.

“...I don’t like being cornered.” Midoriya looks away and shifts his weight, rubbing his forearm with his opposite hand. “I know it’s bound to happen in the line of duty, but, while we’re training…”

“Noted. Anything else?”

“Don’t yell unexpectedly. Or call me ‘my boy.’”

“Don’t see why I would, but also noted. Any more?”

“...Don’t leave me alone in the dark.”

Shouta frowns, but takes this to heart, too. “Again, don’t see why I’d ever do that, but I won’t forget. Is there anything else?”

“No, not right now.” Midoriya sheathes the knife at his belt, and honestly, a part of Shouta is glad he’s finally stopped fiddling with it. “I’ll let you know if I think of anything else.”

“Please do.” Shouta studies Midoriya’s face one final time, just in case he’s in more pain than he’s letting on, then repositions his feet in a familiar stance. “Wanna try again?”

Midoriya nods, and they launch back into it.

“Your Quirk is interesting, Midoriya,” Shouta comments when they’re done for training that day and well on their way home. Midoriya turns to him with a frown, then shrugs and looks the other way.

“I mean, I’d guess it would be,” Midoriya says like he couldn’t care less, “if it weren’t such a pain to actually study.”

Shouta nods. “It’s odd,” he says, facing forward. “Considering its abilities, I want to label your Quirk as an emitter type, but then, your eyes change colors when you use it.”

“They flash gold for a while, yeah,” Midoriya says, nodding. “Usually there are golden flecks in my eyes for a while afterwards, too, even when the Quirk is off. That’s about all they do, though, so  it’s nothing special. Besides, don’t your eyes turn red when you use your Quirk, too?”

“Yes,” Shouta says, “but yours stay gold for days after. My eyes go back to their normal color the moment my Quirk is off, but your eyes have had golden flecks in them leftover from our first day training.”

Midoriya turns away again, and Shouta swears, he’d do anything to know exactly what this kid is thinking right now. “So...what do you make of that?”

“It’s a physical part of you that’s affected for a substantial duration of time by the activation of your Quirk,” Shouta continues, pondering all this over in his mind while he speaks. “That leads me to believe that it’s slightly more of a mutation Quirk. If you had been born with it, your eyes would probably be permanently golden. But, at the same time…”

Midoriya studies him. “‘At the same time’...what?”

Shouta sighs. He’d known what he was getting into from the very beginning, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t hard. “Your Quirk,” Shouta says. “You don’t have any control over it, but you do subconsciously hold parts of it back.”

Midoriya’s frown deepens. “How do you know that?”

“Your Quirk is damaged severely. It may as well be broken, if I’m completely honest. Your Quirk factor’s all messed up, and your Quirk is about twice as screwed. It’s hard to turn off with my Quirk every so often, but while I am turning it off, it’s less like I’m forcing something back and more like I’m just straightening it out.”

Midoriya blinks at him, hard and long. “I don’t get it.”

Shouta heaves a groan. “Usually, when I turn a person’s Quirk off, I have to force it back. I have to shut off the Quirk factor in its entirety. But, with you, there’s only a small bit I have to shut off to force back whatever part of your Quirk’s going haywire. Makes sense?”

Midoriya does that weird blinking thing again. “...Slightly more sense. So it’s like fixing a leak in a dam rather than having to rebuild the entire thing.”

“Something like that,” Shouta says, though he makes a mental note to leave all analogies up to this kid in the future. “What I’m basically saying is, there’s a lot of your Quirk that we can’t explore at the time, because you’re always subconsciously holding something back because of your experiences. Which makes perfect sense, of course, but...someday, Midoriya, you’re going to have to accept it. No matter how much you hate it and no matter how twisted it is, this Quirk is a part of you now, and what you do with it is up to you to decide.”

Midoriya turns away and doesn’t say anything else for the rest of the walk to the train station, and Shouta takes this time to think. The fact that there’s a huge part of Midoriya’s Quirk that he isn’t even using, the fact that he’s holding something back, the fact that there’s so much mystery, his eyes…

Shouta runs by the convenience store on the way home and grabs a six-pack of doubleshots. He’s gonna be up all night anyway, so might as well have some caffeine to pass the time.

“Two raspberry sodas!” Kirishima says, holding up two fingers beside his bright smile. If it were any brighter, Izuku would probably have to look away.

“Comin’ right up,” the barista answers with a smile, and after Kirishima has paid and put a name down with the order, he and Izuku find a booth and sit down across from each other.

“Man, this is so nice!” Kirishima says, leaning back in his seat. He’s wearing a gray tanktop and has a sweatband tied around his head. “Jeez, training with Toshinori-san is brutal. How are things going on your end? You think you’ve recovered fully yet or nah?”

“I told you yesterday, I’m fine,” Izuku answers shortly. The barista comes by and drops off their drinks, bowing back after Izuku and Kirishima thank her. “I wouldn’t have left the house if I was still sick.”

“I dunno, dude.” Kirishima tears the paper off his straw, shaking his head. “You kinda have a bad habit of pushing yourself. Anyway, lemme know what you think about the soda. It’s not for everyone, and if you don’t like it I’ll get you something else.” Izuku nods, tears the paper off his own straw, then takes a sip of the beverage.

“...This is really good,”  Izuku says, staring at the drink wide-eyed. “I...didn’t know what I was expecting, but it’s really good.”

“I know, right!?” Kirishima grins at him, almost madly. “It’s great, isn’t it? It’s my favorite thing to get here. It’s kind of a bummer, it’s one of the less popular flavors, so not many people even wanna give it a shot.”

“More for us, then.”

Kirishima blinks, then smiles again. “More for us,” he agrees. When he raises his glass chessily, Izuku rolls his eyes, but clinks his own glass against Kirishima’s anyway.

Mom makes katsudon for him all the time. It was one of the first things she made for him after adopting him, and since then, he’s had a nostalgic, emotional attachment with the food. He’s positive that he could have it every day for the rest of his life and never grow tired of it.

He usually doesn’t finish it, though. Eating has always been a chore, and no matter how much he enjoys it, he has a hard time eating more than a few bites at a time. This is how it’s always been; he’s definitely eating more now than he did before, even when he was held captive by the villains, but it’s still nowhere near what he needs to be eating.

He sits at the table with Mom, and she sets down two bowls of katsudon, one for herself and one for him. She digs into her food first after a small, concerned glance in Izuku’s direction, but Izuku takes a bit more time contemplating before taking up his chopsticks. He thinks of Aizawa’s words, Kirishima’s comment on being able to feel his ribs when they hugged, and Izuku takes in a long breath, makes up his mind, and empties the bowl in about ten minutes.

Mom is shocked, which he expects, too shocked even to react when he pushes the empty bowl towards her and says that he’s going to bed. Once he’s in his room, alone, he flops face-down onto his mound of stuffed animals and blankets, stomach churning and bile burning his throat. His cats curl around him, purring, and Izuku just hopes he’ll be able to keep everything down.

He does, somehow. And for some reason it feels like a bigger victory than beating the slime villain.

“Hero costumes?”

Kirishima nods. He’s walking Izuku to the train station again, like he’s been doing for the past little while, ever since Izuku started training with Aizawa in the abandoned prefecture of the city.

“Something like that,” Kirishima says, nodding. “I was looking more into the U.A. applications, and they want you to send in your costume designs to the support group as soon as you can. I already have the basics of my costume down, although, there are a few things I wanna tweak here and there. What about you?”

Izuku has never thought of a hero costume. Up until recently, the mere thought of being a hero was idiotic; there was no way he could become a hero, absolutely no way, so the concept of designing a hero costume never once crossed his mind.

But, now,

“Guess I have some brainstorming to do,” Izuku decides, already thinking things over in his head. “I really have no idea.”

“Well, lemme know if you want any help,” Kirishima offers, grinning. “I’m not a super good brainstormer, but, I mean, I can throw a couple ideas out here and there.”

Izuku nods. “You on for another study session tonight?”

Kirishima lets out the biggest groan Izuku has ever heard. From anyone. And he’s been training diligently with Aizawa for a while now.

“...I’ll put gummies on the pages,” Izuku says finally, relenting. “And every time you reach the gummy on the page, you can have it. A little more motivating then, right?”

Kirishima perks up some, but only some.

Three beds. Two empty. One full. He and Ko-chan rarely sleep on their own respective beds anymore; they always end up curled on either his or hers, one way or another. The third bed is empty now. It usually isn’t this time of night, but…

“Do you think he’s okay?” he asks, head tucked beneath Ko-chan’s chin, arms tight around her waist. “He’s...he’s been gone for so long…”

Ko-chan’s arms tighten around his shoulders. “I’m sure he’s fine, Kitten,” she says, and her voice is so calming and familiar that he can’t help but cling to the words. “Sensei won’t hurt him. He’s always been the favorite…” Her voice trails off, and he feels her shake her head. “Nevermind, let’s talk about something else, okay? Anything else, you pick.”  

He shuts his eyes and ponders for a long moment. “Ko-chan...if you could be anything...anything at all...what would it be?”

“Anything?” Ko-chan pauses. “Hmm...you mean, like, any kind of person? Or any kind of anything? Because if so, turtles are pretty cool.”

He giggles, then shakes his head. “No, I mean, any kind of person. What job do you want?”

“Well...I’ve always wanted to be a doctor,” Ko-chan says at long last. “Kinda like Sensei’s doctor, except I want to actually help people who need it. I wanna be able to go in places like this and help people like us.”

He thinks this over. It sounds good to him. He’d like to do that, too. “That sounds nice.”

“What about you, Kitten?”

Her voice grows dimmer.

“What do you want to be?”

Izuku opens his eyes and blinks up at a ceiling, lit with glow-in-the-dark stars. He’s back in his room, away from the memory, even though he’s not relieved. The memory is one he remembers with fondness; a time he and his sister had talked about the kinds of people they wanted to be, should they ever get away from that place.

He doesn’t remember how he answered her, though.

He sits up and in doing so accidentally knocks Snowball off his chest. He apologizes, but Snowball has already abandoned him for the foot of his bed, which he supposes is fair. He swings himself to his feet, then sits down at his desk and flicks on the lamp.

He pulls one of his composition notebooks from the drawer, then a pen from his pencil cup (though, he has more knives than pencils in it). Once he finds a blank page in the notebook (one right behind his analysis of Aizawa’s Quirk), he writes Hero Costume, No. 1 and begins scribbling.

He’s at it until sunlight streams through his window and he’s finally come up with something he likes. After that, he shuts the notebook triumphantly and crawls into bed with his cats again. Snowball has forgiven him, it seems, because she bumps her head under his chin and curls up at the crook of his neck.

Chains. That’s what his Quirk is. His Quirk is chains, wrapped around his chest, squeezing tight then tighter. Trapping him. Encircling him. He’s stuck. He’s always stuck. His Quirk is a prison. It controls him. He has no control over what it does or who it hurts. He has no say in it, and that is terrifying.

Those are Izuku’s thoughts as he exchanges blows with Aizawa. Aizawa fights in much the same way Izuku does, although Aizawa seems a bit more hesitant to land devastating blows (no doubt in favor of Izuku’s weak body—while Izuku is nimble and good with knives, that’s about all he is A couple serious blows from Aizawa and he’d be off to the hospital with broken ribs).

“I think that’s enough for now,” Aizawa says; he isn’t nearly as winded as Izuku, but he’s still panting. “So. Quirk training. Go ahead and fire it up.”

This is where the chains come in again. Izuku nods, shuts his eyes, and draws his Quirk out of himself. The only voluntary action he has when it comes to his Quirk is his ability to turn it on, and even then, it’s not like he can keep it from turning on when he’s sick or otherwise. Once the Quirk begins to activate, he’s hands-off. He can’t do anything.

But there’s something comforting about having Aizawa here. Just when the chains start to choke him, Aizawa forces the Quirk back, and Izuku can breathe freely again, vision cleared, fearless. (For a time. He’s only ever truly “fearless” for a very short amount of time.)

“You think you’ve gotten used to how it feels?” Aizawa asks, eyes returning from red to their usual color. “The first step is getting used to it. After that, we’ll work on getting you to shut it off voluntarily.”

“I think I’m getting used to it,” Izuku says, even though the hairs on his arms are standing straight up. “I’m—I’m not comfortable with it at all, but...I’m getting used to the way it feels.”

“And how does it feel?”

Izuku swallows thickly and looks down. “...Wrong. It feels wrong.”

“That’s understandable. This is an entirely different aspect of yourself that you’ve never actually explored before. You’ll get the hang of it, it’s just gonna take time.”

It’s been a full month. A full month since Izuku started training with Aizawa, and it’s only just now that he’s getting used to how his Quirk feels.

“Are you sure I’ll be able to do it before the entrance exam?” Izuku asks, fiddling with one of his knives. One thing Aizawa doesn’t seem to mind at all is when Izuku sharpens a knife absentmindedly.  “I mean, you...what do you think, realistically?”

“Realistically?” Aizawa frowns, but he doesn’t have to think about it. “No, I don’t think it’s possible for you to learn how to control it completely before the entrance exam. After working with you for some time and seeing your strengths and weaknesses, I can tell you beyond a shadow of a doubt that you will not be able to control it before school starts.”

This slams into Izuku like a bullet train, and he’s left stumbling for something to say. “But—you said if I didn’t learn to control it that going to U.A. wouldn’t work. You said—”

“I know what I said.” Aizawa takes in a breath through his nose, then lets it out slowly. “Looking back on it now, it was unrealistic of me to put that kind of lock on you. It’s going to take a long time before you make this Quirk your own, maybe even several years, who knows.”

“Several years…” Izuku doesn’t want to think about this. He’s been working hard, trying to eat better, just trying to be healthier, trying to get his Quirk under control, but now…

“I didn’t say that means you won’t be accepted into U.A.”

Izuku meets Aizawa’s gaze, and Aizawa keeps going.

“During the entrance exam, you’ll be fighting robots, which your Quirk is useless against anyway. You have no reason to use your Quirk, and considering the nature of your Quirk, it shouldn’t turn on suddenly like it did against the slime villain.”

Izuku blinks, mulling this over. “That’s...that’s true.”

“And,” Aizawa goes on, “Naomasa tells me you have Quirk suppressants. You could always take those with you just in case something does come up unexpectedly, but I doubt it. From what your Quirk has showed us so far, unless there’s immediate danger of death, it shouldn’t turn on without your consent.”

Izuku nods, but this is only one problem. “The rest of the school year,” he mentions, then bites his lip. “What about that?”

“You’re just going to have to shoot for Class A,” is Aizawa’s curt response, “which I will be homeroom teacher of. If you’re in my class, I can keep tabs on you and your Quirk in case something goes wrong that you can’t use suppressants for.”

“Class A...that’s the top class in the hero course, isn’t it?”

“Yep.”

Izuku thinks this over. “So...it’s...it’s really all or nothing then, isn’t it?”

“That’s how it is being a hero anyway,” Aizawa says idly. “All or nothing. You know this, don’t you?”

He does. Izuku knows it better than anyone.

“We’ll keep doing what we’re doing now,” Aizawa goes on, “but when it comes to your Quirk and getting used to it...the only progress I see us making before the entrance exam is you’ll be able to turn it on comfortably. But, you still won’t be able to turn it off, and you still won’t be able to control the output.”

Izuku accepts this. Just being used to his Quirk is already improvement, and from there, he’s sure he can learn to control it. Once he stops freaking out whenever he feels its familiar presence overtaking his body.

“Do you wanna do another physical combat round or do you wanna try your Quirk again?” Aizawa asks after another moment, and after Izuku thinks it over, he decides.

“The Quirk again. If you would.”

“Got it.” Aizawa nods, then shuts his eyes. “Just tell me when you’re ready.”  

Izuku takes in a breath, holds it, then lets it out slowly. “I’m ready.”

“Your grades are terrible.”

“I know that!” Kirishima cries, running both hands through his hair frantically. “That’s why I’m here!”

Izuku flips the page in Kirishima’s notebook, looking back over past work. “...Hey, Kirishima, I think I found out what your problem is.”

“Really?” Kirishima perks up, then peers over Izuku’s shoulder. “What is it? What’s wrong?”

Izuku flips around the notebook and points to it with a pencil he’d had tucked behind his ear. “All these answers are wrong.”

“DAGNABBIT MIDORIYA I KNOW THAT!!” Kirishima howls, burying his head in his hands. “JUST TELL ME HOW TO FIX IT!!”

Izuku exhales sharply, shakes his head, then goes into the actual explanation. They’re sitting in the living room of Izuku and Mom’s apartment, with Kirishima’s workbooks spread out on the coffee table and Izuku and him kneeling on the floor around it. The newest addition to the Midoriya family, Fiddlesticks, prowls the premises menacingly (except, he is scared of Fistfight. Izuku hopes they can get along someday soon. He’s getting really tired of hearing Fiddlesticks whining in the middle of the night when Fistfight is waiting to jump him nearby).

“It’s like this, see?” Izuku shows Kirishima one of the problems he reworked. “You had the formula wrong so all the answers were wrong. It’s a simple fix, but, y’know how picky math can be about numbers and whatnot. One little mistake and the whole thing’s gone to hell.”

“Ahh, I see.” Kirishima studies the notebook for a long moment, then nods. “I think I get it now, lemme try.”

Kirishima hasn’t said anything about One For All. Izuku isn’t sure Toshinori’s told him about it yet, or even decided to give it to him, so it’s not like Izuku can ask Kirishima, either. In the end, whether or not Toshinori gives it to him and whether or not Kirishima tells him about it is up to the both of them; it doesn’t make a difference to Izuku either way.

“So you’ve been training with someone else lately?” Kirishima asks as he reworks the problem for what feels like the upteenth time. “You’re barely with me and Toshinori-san anymore.”

“Yeah, I’ve been working with someone who’s helping me learn to control my Quirk,” Izuku answers, sharpening a pencil with one of his knives absentmindedly. “Since I’m pretty good at hand to hand combat and I don’t need, y’know, bodybuilding, it’s better that I work with this other guy.”

“Yeah, that makes sense.” Kirishima keeps scribbling. “The entrance exam is gonna be on us before you know it, man. Only a few more months to go now. Ya think we’re gonna be ready?”

To be completely honest, Izuku has no idea either way, but before he can say this, he thinks of the real meaning behind Kirishima’s question. He’s not looking for a specific yes or no; he’s looking for a morale booster. An encouragement.

Izuku nods firmly. “Definitely. We’ll be ready.”

Maybe the morale booster isn’t just for Kirishima, either.

Things continue on this way. Kirishima goes to train with Toshinori, and Izuku goes to train with Aizawa. He does join Kirishima and Toshinori every so often, when Aizawa is out on a mission or busy otherwise. The shoreline of Dagobah beach slowly clears as they move the garbage away, until the sky is visible and the shores sparkle in the sunlight.

They meet with Yatchi at the park every so often, too, on their way home from training or on their way to the soda shop. They play frisbee with her and her dad, Izuku has to climb a tree more than once to get it out of a branch when it’s thrown too far or too hard, and Kirishima slowly becomes better and better at Signing the longer he’s around Yatchi and Izuku.

Izuku makes an attempt to eat better, and it’s working. Mom always looks so shocked and surprised, but relieved underneath all of that, and Izuku kind of wishes he’d started eating healthier sooner, if just to put her heart at ease.

Fistfight’s kittens grow up. Fiddlesticks and Fistfight eventually learn to get along, though Fiddlesticks continues to keep up his “I couldn’t care less” persona, which is fine and expected of a cat like him. Izuku keeps taking notes on different heroes he sees on the news or otherwise, and keeps adding things here and there to his hero costume design whenever he thinks about it. He finally sends it out to U.A. once he’s finalized it; even though he isn’t yet a part of the school, they want everyone’s designs beforehand.

Along with that, he sent in his application form, which includes his name, age, Quirk, birthday, a copy of his medical files (which is about as thick as a small novel), the likes. As the months fly by and the day of the entrance exam draws closer, Izuku begins to feel more nervous than before, but at the same time, his excitement is skyrocketing.

If he can manage to pull this off he’ll be an official student of U.A. He’ll officially be on the road to becoming a hero. That thought excites him, and terrifies him at the same time.

The entrance exam is on them sooner than Izuku could have ever hoped, and early that morning before heading over to U.A., Izuku finds himself hugging and kissing each of his cats goodbye (Fiddlesticks pretends he doesn’t like it). Fistfight’s kittens are older now, almost as big as she is, and so are the original six kittens.

“I’ll be back this afternoon,” Izuku promises when they flock around him mrrowing in confusion. “I know, I know, I’ll miss you too.”

Mom turns the corner, smiling softly. “You ready for today?” she asks, and Izuku nods, straightening up.

“I’m as ready as I’ll ever be,” he says, meeting her gaze. “I’ll do my best not to disappoint you.”

Mom smiles, but it’s almost sad this time. “Whether or not you get into U.A.,” she says, taking his hand in both of hers, “I will always, always be proud of you. Don’t forget that, Izuku.”

Izuku squeezes her fingers, then bumps his head against her shoulder. She hugs him tightly, and he returns it; The cats curl around both their ankles, purring and mrrowing, and eventually, Izuku steps out of his mother’s arms, waves goodbye, and sets off.

There’s still another good two hours before he has to be at U.A. for the exam; he’d set out early for the specific purpose of meeting with Aizawa at the abandoned city for one last training session before the exam. The morning is cool, but the sun is rising. Before long, it’ll be warm and sunny, just how he likes it.

He’s just about to head into the station when—

“MIDORIYAAAAAA!”

Izuku whirls around, and Kirishima almost glomps him, thinking better of it at the last second. It’s almost been a full year now since they first met, but he’s still careful to respect Izuku’s personal boundaries.

“You heading to see your trainer one last time?” Kirishima asks, breathless, like he’d run all the way over here.

Izuku nods. “Yeah,” he says. “And you’re going to Dagobah?”

“Somethin’ like that, yeah,” Kirishima says, nodding. “Dude, this is great, I’m so excited. I can’t believe it’s actually today, y’know? We’ve been training for months and it’s finally here.”

Izuku swallows hard, then nods. “I can’t believe it either,” he says. “And, to be honest, I’m kind of terrified.”

Kirishima heaves a long breath. “Yeah same dude,” he says, then straightens up again with a grin. “But, this is what we’ve been training for, so we’ll be fine! How’d the Quirk training go? Did you get it under control?”

Izuku shakes his head. “I can’t control it, but I’m more or less used to how it feels, which is the first step to learning to use it properly.”

Kirishima beams at him, brighter than ever. “Dude!” he cheers, putting out his arms—and then he stops, once again calling to mind Izuku’s boundaries. There have been considerably less of them, the closer Izuku and Kirishima have grown as friends, but regardless of all that, Kirishima is still cautious when it comes to sudden physical contact, which Izuku appreciates.

“You can hug me, Kirishima.”

Kirishima does hug him, tightly, and Izuku can’t even hug him back properly because his arms are pinned to his sides. Kirishima lets him down shortly, but there’s something different on his face. Something like relief.

“What is it?” Izuku asks, frowning.

“Nothing,” Kirishima says, but his eyes are bright. “I could feel your ribs before, Midoriya. I couldn’t this time.” Izuku blinks, but there’s something rising in his chest. Something warm and light. Kirishima cracks a grin, then shakes his head and ruffles Izuku’s hair playfully. “You’re still a midget, though.”

Izuku scoffs and kicks Kirishima in the shin. Kirishima howls and leaps backwards, holding his offended limb and hopping around on one foot.

“OW!! What’d you go and do that for!?”

“That didn’t hurt.”

“Yeah it did!”

Izuku rolls his eyes. He knows Kirishima is half kidding; he’s always been a bit more of a drama queen than most people. Eventually, he stops howling and complaining and steps up to Izuku again with a smile.

“Good luck,” he says, holding out his hand. “I’ll see you at U.A.”

Izuku nods back at him. “See you.”

They perform their special little (not)handshake, bid their farewells, and while Izuku steps onto the train, Kirishima spins around and bolts in the other direction, away from the station.

Huh, Izuku thinks as the train departs and Kirishima fades from sight. He ran all the way out here just to see me off...even though we’re literally going to see each other again in a few hours...

He doesn’t know why, but that thought also sends something warm and bright rising in his chest.

Aizawa is waiting for him again at their training grounds, just like always, but they don’t launch into their typical routine. Today is a bit different.

“So you’re comfortable with your Quirk now,” Aizawa says after they exchange a brief greeting. “Or, at least more comfortable than you used to be.”

Izuku nods. “I’m still getting used to it, I think, and I’m not sure I’ll ever be super comfortable using it, but it’s definitely better than it was. I think...I think I can do it, today. I really think I’m ready.”

“Good for you,” Aizawa says, and the words sound about as sincere as they can, coming from him. “I’ll be watching and grading the examinees, but don’t expect any favoritism from me.”

“I’d be more upset if you did show favoritism,” Izuku responds dryly. “So you’d better not.”

Aizawa rolls his eyes, but Izuku has known him long enough to know that he isn’t actually angry or fed up. If the rolling of the eyes could be done as a fond, endearing kind of gesture, this is what it would be.

“Well, good luck,” Aizawa says curtly. “I’ll see you there.”

“See you there, Aizawa-sensei.”

U.A. is enormous. It’s one of the biggest buildings Izuku has ever seen, and it’s one of the more intimidating ones, to be sure. But it’s not so much the building itself that intimidates him as it is the dozens of students running up the steps toward the building.

Izuku walks slowly, keeping his head set forward. Since hanging out with Kirishima and Yatchi more often, he’s had an easier time with people. Just in nine months, he’s already a lot more comfortable here than he’d be without the positive changes in his life.

Except, there are still dozens of people here, and he’s still working through a lot of crap.

So.

He took one knife with him. Aizawa said that they couldn’t let him take all his knives and that he can’t use it in the actual entrance exam, but he knows knives are a source of comfort for Izuku, just a little something that he can hold onto, and he said that he’d take the fall for it if Izuku got in trouble for having it.

Izuku holds onto the knife in his hoodie pocket. He’s wearing his galaxy hoodie again, along with a pair of bright red light-up shoes that also double as a pair of heelys. Kinda overkill, maybe, but what the hell, this is his big day and he’s stressed out enough as it is. Now if only he had Mom Kirishima and his cats with him. That would really complete this “comfort of home” thing.

“Oooh, your shoes are so cool!”

Izuku jumps and whirls around. A girl bounces up to him with bright eyes and lots of brown, bushy hair. She’s beaming, and it’s like the smile lights up her entire face. Kinda like Kirishima’s.

“I really like them a lot!” she says once she’s caught up with him. “I wish I had some light up shoes, that’d be—” She stops when she actually sees his face, and she blinks rapidly, her smile fading. “...That’s...a lot of scars.”

Izuku winces. “Sorry,” he says, turning away and making to pull his hood back over his head. “I’ll just, y’know, bye—”

“No it’s fine!” she says quickly, waving her hands about. “Sorry, I was just thinking out loud, that really wasn’t the right thing to say, I’m terrible, I’m sorry, I’m just, I’m so nervous and I’ve been waiting for this day for ever and, oh man, I messed up, I messed up now oh man—”

“Erm…” Izuku has always been socially inept, but now his mind is completely blank. He didn’t mind the comment about the scars; he knows how many he has and he knows how unusual it is to see so many on a boy’s face, but now he’s gone and upset her and now she’s upset herself and he doesn’t know what to do.

What would Kirishima do?

“Hey, erm...I’m nervous too,” Izuku says eventually, and she stops and looks at him, wide-eyed. “Let’s, just...l-let’s be nervous together.”

N a i l e d  i t.

This is somehow the right thing to say, because the girl lets out a huge sigh of relief, shoulders slumping. “I’m sorry,” she says, more calm than before. “I shouldn’t have freaked out like that, either. I’m, erm, my name is Uraraka Ochako. It’s nice to meet you.”

“Midoriya Izuku, likewise.”

There’s a total of five seconds in which neither of them say anything.

“...So…”

“S-So…” She rubs the back of her neck, and Izuku fiddles with the knife in his pocket a bit more. “We should...probably head inside now, right?”

“Yeah, probably.”

“OY, MIDORIYA!!”

Izuku and Uraraka both turn. Kirishima sprints toward them down the road, looking frantic.

“Oh man, I made it!” Kirishima says, panting and gasping for breath once he’s stopped in front of them. “Dude I thought I was gonna miss it—oh!” He notices Uraraka and straightens up again, smiling. “Who’s this?”

“Uraraka, this is Kirishima,” Izuku says, gesturing. “Kirishima, Uraraka.”

“Hi!” Uraraka greets, waving a hand. “It’s nice to meet you, Kirishima.”

“You too,” Kirishima says, smiling with a nod. “Do you guys wanna go ahead inside?”

Uraraka nods, Izuku nods, and they head up the steps and into the building.

Aizawa was right, they are fighting robots, but the setting is a bit different than Izuku thought it’d be. It’s like one of Kirishima’s video games; each robot is assigned an amount of points based on how difficult it is to take down, and the points are calculated by the judges and added up at the end of it all. There’s a one-pointer, a two-pointer, a three-pointer, and a zero-pointer just thrown in there as an extra obstacle for the entrees to overcome.

“Ahh, man, we got assigned to different fields,” Kirishima laments, rubbing the back of his neck as the students disperse after Present Mic’s announcement. “Well, good luck out there, dude. You’ve got this.”

“Yeah,” Izuku says, nodding, “you too.”

Kirishima nods, but he seems distracted, and for a second Izuku thinks he’s going to say something else. He doesn’t, though, and waves goodbye as he turns with the others assigned to the same field as him and heads out. Izuku does the same with his own group.

He sees the girl, Uraraka, a little further up ahead. A part of him wants to walk with her, but he doesn’t. He doesn’t really know her, and besides, up front has the most people. He lags behind intentionally and brings up the rear of the group just for sake of avoiding awkward interactions.

There’s someone else there that looks familiar, walking at the very, very front of the pack, but Izuku knows for a fact that he’s never seen the boy before. When he turns his head slightly, Izuku catches dark eyes and a pair of glasses; his hair is also dark, near black, and he has a very stern expression.

Izuku swears he’s seen him somewhere before. He looks familiar, but at the same time, he knows he never met him. He’s never even passed him on the street like he did the blond bad-tempered kid.

Maybe he should ask about that sometime.

They reach the training grounds—a gigantic mock-city, with towering skyscrapers Izuku can see even above the surrounding wall. There are a lot of people here, strangers; Izuku is only glad that they’re not fighting each other. Robots he can handle, but going up against actual people with Quirks would be a lot more difficult.

For a while, everyone just kinda loiters in front of the open gates. They’re chatting, talking, comparing Quirks and boasting that “they’re gonna ‘win’” and that “they’re gonna make it into the hero course.” Izuku likes the enthusiasm, sort of, but he also kind of wishes they’d shut up.

“WE’VE STARTED!” booms Present Mic’s voice from one of the speakers surrounding the area, and all heads snap in that direction, Izuku’s included. “WHAT ARE YOU GUYS STANDING AROUND FOR!? WE’VE BEGUN!”
Oh, Izuku thinks, blinking. Guess we’re doing this, then.

He races ahead with the torrent of other examinees.

Everyone disperses once they’re inside, splitting off down side streets and alleys and the likes. Some of them plunge forward; Izuku decides to turn into one of the nearby alleys, for a couple of reasons. One, it’ll keep him away from everyone else, and two, well, where no one else is…

A robot spins around the corner, and Izuku skids to a halt. The robot raises what Izuku assumes is its mechanical eye and looks at him. The red dilates.

“Target locked,” chirps its robotic voice. The red light glows brighter, and Izuku barely has time to leap into the air before the blast is fired. It hits the asphalt where he’d been moments before, leaving a black crater in the street.

Izuku rolls on his shoulder and bounces to his feet, facing the robot. It stares at him like it wasn’t quite expecting him to dodge; and then, with another bright light, it fires again.

Izuku dodges this time, and the blast hits the cement harmlessly. Deciding that this is going nowhere and that he really needs a strategy, Izuku dives out of the way of another attack and hits the ground running.

A whirring, clicking sound behind him says he’s being followed, but he keeps going, listening for the tell-tale fire-up of the robot’s canon. He has an idea, but for it to work, he needs—

A second robot turns the corner in front of him, and it takes less than a second for it to lock on Izuku.

“Target locked,” the second robot says, firing up a blast; behind him, Izuku hears the sound, and he waits until the very last second to make his move.

He hears the blast behind him, the blast in front of him, and he leaps into the air. The robots’ respective blasts slam into each other, and they produce a couple sad whirring sounds before crashing to the ground in sad, smoldering heaps. Izuku rolls and gets his feet underneath him again shortly thereafter, gaze set forward.

He has a strategy now.

“Peculiar…” In the viewing room sits the soon-to-be teachers of U.A.’s new students, judging the entrance exam. Nedzu in particular is very intrigued, leaning forward in his chair to get closer to the screen. “Most of them are using their Quirks to take down the robots...yes, we have a couple of power houses, I see...but this one.”

He taps the screen; Midoriya is running down a street, pursued by two three-pointers. His gaze is set forward, determined, but anyone who didn’t know him well enough would assume he was simply bored.

“He’s not using his Quirk at all,” Midnight says, cradling her chin with a hand. “He’s using the robots to destroy each other.”

“Midoriya Izuku, examinee eight-four-five-six,” Cementoss says, looking over a paper on the desk in front of him. “FIfteen years old, Quirk ‘Glitch.’”

“So he has a Quirk,” Midnight says, frowning, “but he isn’t using it at all...”

“Does that count as points for him?” Cementoss inquires with a frown. “He isn’t technically  using his Quirk.”

“The entrance exam isn’t all about Quirks,” Shouta interrupts. All chairs turn towards him, and he sighs. “The exam is a time for the students to show us what they’re made of. Numbers on screen are great and all, and of course we want to see their Quirks in action, but…”

On-screen, Midoriya dives to the side and wall-jumps out of the way. Three two-pointer bots take out the three-pointers that’d been pursuing him, and Midoriya takes off down the street again, followed closely by the one remaining bot.

“...Their sense of strategy isn’t something we should brush off or overlook.”

The teachers stare at him a while longer, then turn back to the screens.

It’s actually going better than Izuku ever thought it would.

Being pursued constantly by robots sure gives him a run for his money, and his throat is burning with the force of his gasps, but he won’t stop now. He hasn’t been keeping track of how many robots he’s beaten thus far, but he can’t shake off Aizawa’s words, that “all or nothing.”

If he doesn’t come in first, if he doesn’t make it into Class A, he can’t go to U.A. Without Aizawa there should his Quirk go haywire, there’s no telling what he can do.

So his path is obvious: take out as many robots as possible, then hope that somehow it’s enough.

He keeps on with it, tricking robots into shooting each other. All he can say is, he’s glad he was able to start eating a bit healthier leading up to this; he isn’t sure his stamina would be able to hold out, otherwise. Plus, what training he did do with Toshinori on the beach had helped. He’s not sure he’d be able to continue like this without it.

“Five minutes remain!” Present Mic’s voice hollers, resounding throughout the training city. “Hurry, everybody! No time to waste!”

Izuku begins to mentally countdown from five minutes, running all the while.

He’s fleeing a two-pointer when the alley ends and suddenly he finds himself in the heat of the moment. Everyone is fighting; there are robots everywhere, getting blasted to smithereens and, in some cases, torn apart. Uraraka is running back and forth, tapping robots and launching them into the sky. When she taps her fingers together again, they drop and smash into the asphalt, their light-eyes going out.

That’s a cool Quirk, Izuku thinks, running past her; so long as he’s being pursued, he can’t really stop for anyone. I should write that down—

The ground shakes. Izuku skids to a halt, eyes going wide. He hears the sound of the two-pointer making ready a blast, and he leaps to the side to avoid it. The moment his feet touch the ground, the cement gives a lurch that almost sends Izuku off his feet again.

Ahead of them, buildings crash and crumble. Smoke rises. Examinees that were farther ahead are running back now, screaming, retreating. The robots that everyone else forgot are circling, though they don’t fire any blasts, considering they aren’t being directly attacked or approached.

Izuku watches as the Zero-Pointer steps down the street, bringing down entire buildings with it as it goes. Present Mic had treated this robot like it was as harmless as a butterfly; and now, seeing it, Izuku has determined that he’s a liar.

The thing is huge, and every move it makes sends the ground lurching. Izuku maintains his footing, but everyone else has turned and is running for the hills with abandon. They want nothing to do with the Zero-Pointer, it seems; the rest of the lesser, smaller robots watch them go, but don’t engage. It’s like they know the students are running. It’s like they know the students are scared.

And then, up ahead, Izuku hears something. A small cry of pain, barely there, but still, he heard it.

He turns, and the dust up ahead clears just enough for him to see Uraraka, pinned by a chunk of asphalt. Her face is contorted in pain, and she’s trying to reach behind her to touch the chunk of building, but she can’t reach around that far, and it seems trying brings more pain. Maybe her shoulder is dislocated.

The Zero-Pointer continues down the street, straight toward her. It isn’t dangerously close yet, but it’s getting there. Slowly but steadily, it’s getting there.

Izuku grits his teeth behind his lips, mind whirring.

And then he turns and looks at the complacent robots.

“It always turns out this way, doesn’t it?” Nedzu is saying, looking amused, which Shouta can’t be sure is a good sign. “Everyone always runs from the Zero-Pointer, no matter how powerful they are or their odds of victory. We all run from what we don’t understand, don’t we? I wonder…”

“Um…” Cementoss blinks at the screen several times, then points. “He’s not running.”

Everyone turns to watch—everyone but Shouta, who has known Midoriya long enough to know exactly what he’s planning.

“Uraraka-san!”

Ochako barely manages to lift her head off the ground, pain sparking through her arm and ribs. The ground trembles, tears burn her eyes, everyone ran the moment they saw the Zero-Pointer, even the ones who’d noticed she was stuck, pinned. They kept running even though they knew she was hurt, they left her alone.

Except—

“Make me float!” Midoriya shouts, sprinting towards her, and for someone that’s yelling, his voice is surprisingly steady and calm. “Do that thing you were doing with the rocks! Send me up!”

Uraraka just met him. She doesn’t know him. He’s covered in scars she doesn’t understand, and he’s always had this dead look in his eyes, like he was a corpse walking.

But there’s something in his gaze now, as he races towards her with what looks like an entire army of robots behind him. It isn’t panic. It isn’t franticness. Even his tone of voice remains reasonably calm.

No, there’s something in his eyes now that tells her that he knows exactly what he’s doing. There’s something in there that tells her, I’ve got this, please, trust me.

It’s uncanny, really, but she doesn’t question it. Wincing against the pain, she raises her hand, and Midoriya slaps it with his own. Immediately, his feet leave the ground, and he takes to the air.

“When I give you the signal, let me go!” Midoriya says down to her, calm despite the volume of his voice. “But only when I say so!”

Ochako is a bit more aware now that she has something to think about that isn’t impending doom—and it’s now that she notices all the robots that had been previously chasing Midoriya have stopped in their tracks and have raised their canons upwards at him.

The Zero-Pointer approaches still, shaking the ground, and Ochako’s panic flares. “Midoriya!” she shouts, voice breaking at the end. “They’re aiming for you! They’re going to—!”

“Don’t let me go until I say so!” Midoriya hollers back down at her, and now it’s there in his tone, that calm, collected I know exactly what I’m doing, trust me, and she does. She trusts him, even as she hears the robots fire up their blast, all in unison. She brings her hands together, fingertips a mere inch apart, waiting—

The robots fire their blasts, Midoriya’s voice rings “Now!” over the roaring in Ochako’s ears, and she taps her fingertips together and squeezes her eyes shut, not daring to look. She hears the crack, snap, and crunch of metal; then a wheezing, whirring sound, like clicking gears working against each other.

She looks over her shoulder, eyes barely cracked open. And then, they blow wide.

The Zero-Pointer, its glowing red eyes dark and lifeless, with a crater-like dent in the chestplate, is toppling down.

And only now does Ochako remember that Midoriya is still falling, too.

Her head snaps forward again, and she ignores the nausea that follows and stretches out her hand. “Midori!” she cries, straining to reach farther. Midoriya, falling, gets exactly what she intends and smacks their hands together again. His fall breaks, just before he hits the ground, and Ochako taps her fingertips together again to release him.

Midoriya rolls with practiced ease, then turns to look at her. “Hanging in there?” he asks, breathless, and Ochako nods. “Good…” Midoriya turns towards the robots again, and they’ve aimed their canons in his direction. All of them.

Ochako’s panic spikes again, but Midoriya maintains a startlingly calm demeanor. Under his breath, she hears him counting.

“Three, two, one…”

“TIME’S UP!” Present Mic’s voice booms over the loudspeakers, and the robots die all at once, their metal bodies slumping like broken marionettes and their red eyes going dark.

Ochako still feels nauseous, and her shoulder hurts something awful, but she can’t help but stare in awe at Midoriya’s back. She’d known there was something about him, something different, something special from the moment she first saw him, but...this was...this was far beyond anything she’d ever expected.

“Here…” Midoriya straightens up and moves towards her, then settles his hands beneath the asphalt pinning her. “I’ll lift and you go, okay?”

Ochako nods, and Midoriya strains and moves the asphalt just enough for her to wiggle free. He lets go of the chunk with a sharp exhale, and Ochako sits up with some difficulty, cradling her injured arm.

“Do you...need a medic?”

Ochako looks up at him, and he meets her eyes. He has the same dead expression as before, devoid of panic or joy or fear or sadness, just like his tone, and Ochako can barely bring herself to nod. Her mind is racing.

“Alright, just...stay here.” Midoriya holds a hand out to her (that’s scarred too, she realizes), then spins on his heel and jogs away.

Ochako watches him leave, still awestruck.

She realizes a second later that, unless it has something to do with turning him into a brilliant strategist, he didn’t use his Quirk at all.

Once Uraraka was treated by the school’s nurse (she has a healing Quirk, which is incredibly convenient because Izuku is sure Uraraka wasn’t the only victim, not to mention the other training cities and other Zero-Pointers Izuku knows were unleashed), Izuku doesn’t see much reason to stick around. Uraraka thanks him again for saving her when he makes to leave, and Izuku replies simply that it’s nothing and he’s glad she’s okay. After that, the entrance exam is announced complete, Uraraka bids him farewell and says that she hopes to see him in class, and Izuku agrees and heads to the front of the facility to wait for Kirishima.

That’s where he is now, scrolling through his phone idly. He’d already sent a text to Kirishima saying that they’ll meet at the front of the building, to which Kirishima had agreed readily and said that he’d be there shortly. Why he isn’t here now is what really bothers Izuku, though. Unless something went wrong.

It’s at that moment that Kirishima shows up, jogging and holding his phone in his left hand, but something is wrong. His right arm is in a sling around his shoulder.

“Sorry I’m late,” Kirishima says once he’s caught up, panting. “Were you here long?”

Izuku studies Kirishima’s face for a long moment, then pockets his phone. “What happened to you?”

Kirishima laughs shakily and rocks from the balls of his feet to his heels. “It’s, ahh...it’s kind of a long story...and a lot to explain...but seriously, those robots were no joke. And that Zero-Pointer? Super awesome but also reeeally overkill, don’tcha think?”

Well that was an abrupt change of subject. Izuku quirks a brow at him, suspicious, but he decides not to pry.

(Yet.)
Notes:

    OKAY SO I THINK I RESPONDED TO ALL THE COMMENTS LAST CHAPTER AND I'M REALLY SORRY IF I MISSED A FEW HDSFHKSJDF, I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH

    So this is probably going to be the last update for a little while; I'm having a heart procedure a little over a week from now, so that's a thing that's happening. But thank you all for your patience and your continued support!! It really means a lot to me, you have no idea. :)

    If you want another song that fits really well with the tone of this fic, check out "Disaster Hearts" by I Fight Dragons. It's such a simple but heartfelt song, and it works really well with this fic, too. :)

Chapter 12
Notes:

    No art this time around, but huge thank-you to all the artists who have drawn things for me!! You guys rock!! :D Enjoy the chapter!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It’s going to be a while before they get the results back from the exam. Two-weeks, that was the estimate they were given before leaving the school. It takes time to sort through everything, apparently, which makes sense considering the sheer number of examinees.

Kirishima’s arm doesn’t take long to heal; he said that the school’s nurse kickstarted the healing, and by the next day, Kirishima removes the sling, his arm good as new.

“So, tell me.” They’re going over Kirishima’s workbooks in the living room the day after the exam, when Kirishima can use his right arm properly. “How’d you break your arm?”

Kirishima stiffens, then sighs and shakes his head. “Well, basically…” He sits back, leaving the pencil on the table beside his workbook, “...I kinda...turned myself into a human torpedo and shot straight through the center of the Zero-Pointer.”

Izuku blinks twice. “A human torpedo.”

“Yeah,” Kirishima says, nodding, “it was really cool, man, you should’ve seen it. But, I wasn’t really thinking about how my arm would take the force of impact, and, y’know...it just shattered.”

Izuku turns back to the workbook, turning all this over in his mind. Unless Kirishima got someone to help launch him, like Izuku got Uraraka’s help, then there’s no way Kirishima was able to shoot through the Zero-Pointer like a torpedo.

Also, Uraraka’s arm was also fractured, and her shoulder was dislocated. The nurse was able to heal both injuries in a short amount of time.

Which means that it shouldn’t have taken Kirishima’s arm longer to heal. Unless the nurse had something else to fix, first.

Izuku puts it out of his mind. Toshinori’s words about passing on One For All to Kirishima ride through on his train of thought, but he decides that, if Kirishima does have One For All now, it’s not his place to pry about it. If Kirishima really wants to share, then he’ll share.

And it’ll be on his terms.

“I’m still impressed that the two of you applied for U.A. at all,” Mom says over dinner; Kirishima is eating with them again, as he’s been doing quite often since coming over for studying sessions. “It’s the top hero academy in the region, isn’t it? It’s quite the goal to shoot for.”

“All the big-name heroes graduated from U.A.,” Kirishima says absentmindedly. “For most people, if you wanna do well in the hero world, you’ve gotta go through U.A. Besides, they’ve got a lot of heroes that teach there, too, so I bet you can learn a whole lot from all of them.”

Izuku doesn’t say anything. He’s more focused on not tossing his cookies at this point. It’s been easier to eat more lately, but that doesn’t necessarily mean that it is easy.

Kirishima heads home after dinner (and after thanking the two of them for their hospitality. Mom waves it off with a smile, and Izuku simply waves it off), and once he’s gone, Izuku starts down the hall toward his room, followed by all eleven of his cats (they follow him around constantly like ducklings after their mother, for some reason). He still can’t bring himself to get a full night’s sleep, but it’s whatever; he’s managed this far, he can continue to manage.

Except, “Izuku, can I talk to you for a second?”

Mom calls him back, and Izuku nods, spins on his heel, and steps back into the living room. Mom beckons him over to sit with her on the couch, and he does so.

“What is it?” Izuku asks, half concerned and half curious. “Is something wrong?”

Mom shakes her head feverishly. “No, nothing’s wrong,” she promises, and he knows she isn’t lying, “it’s just…” She pauses, then turns to him and takes both his hands in her own, squeezing his scarred fingers. “Izuku...you have no idea how proud I am of you, sweetheart. All you’ve done, after everything you’ve been through...shooting for U.A., trying to become a hero…”

She squeezes his fingers tighter and takes a moment before continuing.

“Even if you don’t get in,” she says, “even if you don’t make it, even if you can’t, Izuku, I’ll...I’ll always, always be proud of you for trying so hard.”

Izuku opens his mouth to say something, but the words are snatched out of his mouth before they’re even there. No matter how hard he tries, he can’t find something to say. He can’t find the words. He wishes for the life of him that he could smile, but he’s pretty sure what he’s feeling right now would leave him crying if not for his broken tear ducts.

He wishes he could show exactly what he’s feeling, because words aren’t something he has right now. And anyway, mere words don’t seem like they’d cut it here, either.

She gets it, though. Mom always gets it, and she releases one of his hands and cups his cheek instead, smiling.

“I know it’s hard,” she says, tracing one of his scars with her thumb gently, “but you’re going to get there, Izuku. Everything you’re doing now...even if it’s slow...you’re going to get there. And we’ll be there with you. So...don’t give up on it, okay?”

He’s overcome with it again and tries finding something, anything to say, but the only words he can manage are, “Thank you, Inko-san.” Even though his tone remains flat as always, she still manages to hear his gratitude in it, somehow, and she presses a kiss to his forehead.

“We’ll get the test results from U.A. soon,” she says, stroking his cheek again. “Until then, don’t worry, okay?”

He’d done his best in the entrance exam. He’d shot for the top, maybe even went a little overboard in taking down the Zero-Pointer, but what the heck. “I won’t,” Izuku says, and he means it. “I put my best foot forward at the exam, and if I don’t make it now...well...at least I know I gave it my all.”

She beams at him, and later that night when Izuku’s in his room, surrounded by all eleven cats and watching dumb animal vines on his computer, she brings him a bowl of his favorite ice cream.

Izuku doesn’t hear from Aizawa at all those two weeks leading up to receiving the test results from U.A. Izuku remembers Aizawa telling him, briefly, that he’ll be one of the final judges, so it makes sense why he hasn’t gotten back to Izuku yet, but still. A word here or there would be nice.

But, anyway, he doesn’t get any. Not until a full two weeks have passed since the entrance exam; then, he gets a text from Aizawa later that afternoon as he’s walking home alone from a soda shop trip with Kirishima.

[Aizawa-sensei]
Sorry about the cold shoulder. Trying to send out all the letters to everyone. It’s a pain. You should be getting yours soon. You did good at the exam.

It’s not much, but it’s a high compliment coming from Aizawa, so Izuku takes it and responds accordingly.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Thanks. You think it’s okay that I didn’t use my Quirk?
Or are they gonna go deducting points because I didn’t use it?

[Aizawa-sensei]
Well the rest of the judges didn’t really know how to go about that but you still took out the robots, which was the entire point of the exam. How you went about it doesn’t really matter.
In any case, I’m impressed. Nice thinking out there, I was wondering how you’d handle those robots without your Quirk.

[Midoriya Izuku]
It was either that or tearing apart the side panels and ripping out the wires. I’m glad the blaster thing went as well as it did.

[Aizawa-sensei]
I’d appreciate it if you went with a less reckless approach next time, but good job.
Bit of a warning, the results come in a projection, so get ready for some noise.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Oh. Thanks.

[Aizawa-sensei]
Yeah, don’t mention it.
Anyway, good luck. You’ll get the results soon enough.  

[Midoriya Izuku]
Willing to bet good money that you already know exactly what my results are,
But that’s none of my business.

[Aizawa-sensei]
Can’t you just take the ‘good luck’ and be done with it.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Absolutely not.
:)

[Aizawa-sensei]
That looks so passive-aggressive it’s not even funny.

[Midoriya Izuku]
:)

[Aizawa-sensei]
If your smile is that passive-aggressive in real life, you’re going to make one terrifying hero.

[Midoriya Izuku]
My real life smile is broken. This is the best I can do.

[Aizawa-sensei]
You’ll smile someday.

That actually catches Izuku by surprise. Aizawa doesn’t add to it, doesn’t say anything else, just lets that text hang there, and Izuku isn’t sure what to make of it. Izuku hasn’t smiled in years. The last time he smiled was…

Well, the last time he remembers smiling was when he and Ko-chan were looking up at the stars after sneaking out of the villains’ fortress, the night before Ko-chan was taken away from him forever. He hasn’t smiled since then, not once, not even a little bit.

But Aizawa’s words sound like a promise, and when Izuku gets home that late afternoon, he lays in his bed and stares up at the ceiling for what feels like weeks.

And then, that evening, the letter arrives.

Mom rushes into the room, beaming excitedly and waving it around over her head. She gives is to him when he approaches, and she says quickly that the postman just dropped it off. After that, she wishes him good luck, and Izuku heads into his room, alone, to open it.

He sits at his desk, the envelope on the surface in front of him. His cats are curiously curling around his ankles and hopping onto the desk to investigate the new item, and Izuku shoos them away calmly, then takes up the envelope and tears it open.

Like Aizawa said, a small, metallic object with a clear white bulb drops from the envelope, along with a letter,  and Izuku barely has time to bring his hands around his ears before the projection begins and All Might’s voice fills his head.

Except, he isn’t yelling, as he usually is. Izuku realizes this a second later and slowly lowers his hands from around his ears.

“Young Midoriya!” All Might, as a projection says. “Usually I’m a bit more enthusiastic when it comes to things like this, but Aizawa told me you weren’t good with loud noises, so I am holding back for your sake!”

Oh thank God.

“You know something, Midoriya..I never doubted you, but I was concerned.” In the projection, All Might is still smiling, but his tone of voice has changed. “I didn’t know how you’d hoped to pass the entrance exam, considering your Quirk, and more accurately, your inability to properly use your Quirk. But...time and time again...in the replays...I was blown away, Midoriya. You’re going to make a brilliant hero.”

Izuku blinks at the screen several times. “...Wait…”

“And,” All Might goes on, stepping to the far right side of the screen, “it is with great pleasure that I present to you, your final score.”

A small blue box appears on the opposite side of the screen.

COMBAT POINTS: 81
RESCUE POINTS: 60

Izuku stares.

“Even though you knew the peril of the situation,” All Might continues, “even though you could have used that time to take out the robots instead of turning them against the Zero-Pointer, you risked all of it to save that girl, even when no one else did or would. And that, Midoriya...is what being a hero is all about.”

Izuku can’t believe what he’s hearing, honestly. He’d told Kirishima that he thought they could do it, he’d told Aizawa that he was ready, he’d told himself that he’d do his best and go beyond, no matter what, but—

This, this is—

“Congratulations, Young Midoriya. You’re well on your way to becoming an incredible hero.”

Inko is pacing up and down the hall outside Izuku’s bedroom door. She hears a muffled voice from inside, but can’t make out any of the words. She’s lost count of how long it’s been since Izuku went in there with the letter, and she’s more antsy than she’s been in a long time.

Please, let him get in, she finds herself pleading with whoever it is that’ll listen. Let him get in. He deserves this. He’s earned this. Let him get in.

And then the door swings open, and Izuku stands in the doorway, eyes wide and shining. Without even asking, before he even says anything, Inko knows exactly what happened.

“You got in,” she breathes, bringing her hands to her mouth. It’s not a question, she already knows exactly what’d happened, but still. Izuku looks her in the eyes, lets out a breathy, shaky exhale that could be something like a relief laugh, then nods.

Inko can’t help it. She beams, then throws her arms around him tightly. Izuku returns the gesture fiercely, equally overwhelmed and equally relieved and overjoyed.

He’s done it. He’s been working towards this, hoping for this for a very long time now, and he’s done it. Even after everything, he’s finally done it.

[Midoriya Izuku - Problem Child]

[attachment.photo]
:)

It’s a very bad selfie of Midoriya, surrounded by all eleven of his cats, and holding up his acceptance letter to the camera. His expression is as dead as ever, but there’s a light in his eyes that Aizawa had never seen before.

[Aizawa Shouta]
Nice going, kid. See you at school.

[Midoriya Izuku - Problem Child]
See you.
Thanks for everything.

Aizawa exhales sharply with a half-smile, then shakes his head and pockets his phone. This kid is bound to be the death of him.

[Incoming Call - Kirishima]

Izuku picks up without hesitation. “What up.”

“DUDE DUDE DUDE DUDE DUDE I GOT IN I GOT IN HOW ABOUT YOU?”

Izuku pulls the phone away from his ear, wincing. So much for getting by without too many loud, sudden noises. Oof.

“You got in?” Izuku says, sitting down on the edge of his bed.

“HELL YEAH I GOT IN, OH MAN DUDE I’M SO EXCITED, DID YOU GET IN TOO?”

“I did,” Izuku says, nodding, and the words only truly sink in for him now. “I got my acceptance letter a couple hours ago.”

“ME TOO, OH MY GOSH, DUDE THIS IS AMAZING! WE DID IT, MAN, WE REALLY FREAKING DID IT!”

They did, didn’t they. Izuku pauses a moment, then pulls the phone away from his ear and opens his messenger without ending the call.

[Midoriya Izuku]
:D

On the other end of the phone, Kirishima makes a choked, intelligible noise.

“HOLY CRAP DUDE REALLY? ARE YOU THAT HAPPY?”

[Midoriya Izuku]
:D :D :D

Kirishima makes the noise again.

“YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW HAPPY I AM FOR YOU DUDE.”

Izuku exhales sharply through his nose, then shakes his head and holds the phone to his ear again. “You should probably go to bed,” he says, glancing at his clock momentarily. “It’s late, right?”

“Oh yeah you’re right, sorry. I didn’t wake you up, did I?”

“I’m very rarely asleep before two in the morning.”

“...Hey, dude?”

“Yeah?”

“Might wanna think about getting some sleeping meds or something.”

“I’ve tried,” Izuku says, “but they’ve never worked all that well on me.”

“Hmm, right, right, yeah...sorry, it was stupid of me to assume you hadn’t already tried that...well, how about warm tea or something? Or reading a book?”

“I guess I could go over my notebooks again,” Izuku thinks out loud. “I could keep up the notes and whatnot.”

“Yeah, that sounds good! And I’ll leave my ringer on, so if you can’t sleep, don’t be afraid to give me a call.”

Izuku frowns. “Are you sure?”

Kirishima’s end goes silent, and then, Izuku’s phone lets out a little ding!

[Kirishima]
:D

Izuku snorts, then returns the phone to his ear. “You’re a dork.”

“YOU, sir, have no right to call me that.”

Izuku snorts again, then shakes his head. “Goodnight, Kiri-chan.”

It’s only a second later he realizes exactly what he’d just said. His stomach does a flip, his heart lurches, and he immediately tries covering for it.

“Wait, I take it back, forget I said anything—”

“DUDE!!”

Izuku jumps, but doesn’t pull the phone away from his ear this time. “Um...are you…? Mad…?”

“Dude no! I love it! My first nickname…! I’ll remember this moment forever!”

Izuku’s heartrate returns to normal, and he exhales sharply through his nose again. “...Dork.”

“OY!”

Izuku shakes his head, but the weight in his chest is gone, replaced with warmth. “Goodnight, Ki—Kiri-chan.”

“‘Night, buddy!”

Izuku terminates the call and, to his own surprise, falls asleep easily.

U.A. has a dress code. It isn’t super strict, but it is a dress code regardless; the students are each shipped their uniform shortly after being accepted into the school, and they’re expected to show up in said attire.

Izuku wears his uniform, definitely, but he also wears a tie-dye shirt beneath his gray blazer. It’s the first day of school, and despite the fact that he’s feeling mostly okay so far, he really goes all out in making sure he’s got as much color as he can in his outfit. He even wears mismatched, neon, ankle-length socks, and of course his light up shoes go without saying. He kind of considers re-dying his hair, but he’d done it recently enough and besides, it’s too much of an ordeal to consider doing before heading out.

So, he grabs his backpack off the back of the chair (it’s a swirl of pink, black and purple; the only reason he’s okay with the black is because it ties together well with the pink and purple to create what look like galaxies), heads out of his room, and meets his mom by the door.

She turns to him with a smile, seeming absolutely beside herself. “Do you have everything?” she asks, stepping forward to meet him halfway. “Your books, pencils, Quirk suppressants…?”

Izuku nods, feeling a mixture of terrified and excited. “Yeah,” he says, nodding. “Thank you. For...for everything.”

Her smile turns softer, and she cups his face in her hands and kisses his forehead. She’s taller than he is, so it takes a bit of bending down, but she’s never seemed to mind.

“Have fun, okay?” she says, gazing into his eyes. “And don’t be afraid to call me if something happens. Tell a teacher, call me, I’ll come pick you up, no questions asked.”

“I won’t forget. Thank you.”

She hugs him tight, then lets him go. He sets out, down the steps leading to their apartment, fingers curled around the straps of his backpack.

When he reaches the main street, he stops, looks around, then slings his backpack off and kneels on the sidewalk, unzipping it. Rainbow pops her head up from within and meows at him questioningly.

“Sorry.” Izuku scoops Rainbow into his arms and straightens up again, slinging his backpack over his shoulder again. “I didn’t want to be alone today.”

Rainbow bumps his chin with her head. She’s about ten months old now, but she’s always been small, so carrying her around, in his arms or his backpack, isn’t hard to do. Izuku holds her closer and makes his way down to the train station; he isn’t sure what U.A.’s policy is on animals, but with luck, he’ll be able to keep Rainbow hidden today.

Rainbow is surprisingly okay stowing away in Izuku’s backpack. She has to stay there while Izuku rides the train, then again once Izuku reaches the front steps leading into U.A. He only hopes Rainbow stays quiet; the last thing he wants is to be found out and get in trouble on the first day of school.

Finding Class 1-A once he’s inside is incredibly easy.  He manages to make it down the hallway without being too noticed by other students, and when he arrives, he stands before the towering door of Class 1-A, feeling more than a little intimidated. Buildings don’t scare him; it’s what lies beyond the door that he’s afraid of.

He takes in a breath and wonders if this was the right thing to do. He hasn’t seen Kirishima all morning, nor Aizawa, nor Uraraka; the only familiar face he’s seen all day has been Mom, and of course Rainbow, but the cat hardly counts. Izuku kind of wants to go hide in the bathroom and snuggle with Rainbow until he can get ahold of Kirishima, but that idea seems stupid, even to him.

Which leaves him with the only other option: actually facing his destiny. Oh boy.

He reaches for the door handle, but that’s all he has the chance to do before a familiar— blessedly familiar —voice bounces down the hallway towards him.

“Midoriya! You got in!”

It’s Uraraka, the girl from the entrance exam, and she’s beaming and springing towards him excitedly. “I’m so glad you did!” she says once she’s reached him, not even panting from her sprint. “That thing you did at the entrance exam was really cool!”

Izuku blinks. He hasn’t the slightest clue why she’s being friendly toward him. “...I...guess so?”

“No, really, I thought it was awesome!” she goes on, and Izuku takes a small, unnoticeable step backwards. She’s a bit more forward than what he’s used to, and he’s friends with Kirishima. “You were really cool, I’m glad you’re here!”

He wonders why. Why she’s glad he’s here. They don’t know each other, they aren’t friends, so unless she’s just a naturally nice person—or, unless she feels sorry for him because of a past told in his scars and eyes—he doesn’t understand her motives.

He’s just about to ask whether she wants to go on inside, when echoing footsteps draw his attention elsewhere. He lifts his head, and Uraraka follows his gaze; Kirishima sprints towards them frantically, gasping like he’s been doing this for hours.

“Made it,” Kirishima gasps once he reaches them and finally stops. “Man, that’s the second time I was almost late...that’s what I get for sleeping in, I guess…” He looks towards Uraraka, then beams. “Oh, you got in! Congratulations!”

“Thanks!” Uraraka says, beaming back at him. Izuku thinks he might just be blinded by it. “I’m really glad we’re all here!”

“We should head inside,” Izuku says, not because he’s in a hurry, but because he really, really doesn’t want to wind up in trouble on the first day of school. “We don’t want to be late.”

“Oh, right!” Uraraka says, nodding, but it’s Kirishima who sums up the courage first to reach for the handle and pull open the sliding, towering door.

The classroom is noisy and rambunctious when Kirishima, Uraraka, and Izuku step inside. The one boy Izuku sort of but not really recognized is getting on the case of the blond kid Izuku had met on the street, which seems so very long ago now.  Everyone else is chatting and talking, sitting on desks or otherwise, and within moments, Izuku is overwhelmed. His previous plan about hiding out in the bathroom appeals to him more than ever before.

Kirishima taps him twice on the shoulder, and Izuku whirls around to face him. Kirishima offers him a thumbs up and a smile, knowing exactly what’s going through his mind, and slowly, bit by bit, Izuku feels a bit of his panic ebb away. He’s sure that as long as the classroom is this noisy, he’ll always have trouble, but with Kirishima, maybe he’ll be okay.

The blond kid Izuku had met on the street notices him, though, and he looks Izuku in the eyes, completely ignoring the words of the other student. “Hey, I remember you,” the blond says, glowering at him. “You’re that weirdo I met on the street.”

The other students, to Izuku’s dismay, have turned to watch the exchange, and no, this is going terribly, he didn’t want to make a first impression like this, never.

“Come on, don’t pretend you don’t remember,” the blond growls, and Izuku can’t tell what he wants from him. Is he expecting some kind of a fight? Is that what he wants? The words empty threat bounce around in Izuku’s head for a while.

“No, I remember you,” Izuku says, nodding and trying to avoid the stares of the rest of his classmates. “Unfortunately.”

The blond glares, and Izuku can’t bring himself to be intimidated. Despite his persona, he knows this kid is all bark no bite; Izuku is a bit more worried about the pressing stares of his new classmates, though. That is quite a bit scarier.

“...Anyway, this is Midoriya!” Kirishima’s arm goes around his shoulders and honestly Kirishima is such a godsend that Izuku wonders sometimes if maybe he’s an angel. “I’m Kirishima, and this is Uraraka. Nice to meet you guys!”

Kirishima has such a bubbly personality, and when equally cheerful Uraraka nods enthusiastically and pounds her fist into the air, it breaks the tension. Izuku still gets a couple of looks as he makes his way to the empty desk near the back of the room (specifically from the boy with glasses that Izuku really feels like he should recognize), but at least he’s not the center of attention anymore.  

He takes his seat, slides his backpack off and leaves it on the floor (he wants to bring Rainbow out, but knows it isn’t a good idea, despite how badly he longs to hold her), then catches Kirishima’s eye again as Kirishima sits down at his own desk.

Kirishima takes his seat, but half-turns and raises a hand over his shoulder. You okay?

Izuku nods, though he remains unsure. I think so, he answers. I won’t know for sure until things get started.

Kirishima nods back at him, acknowledging this. Let me know if you need me to cover for you, he says. I’m a horrible liar but a great distraction.

Izuku thanks him, and Kirishima turns back around to face the front of the room.

And then Izuku realizes that he’s being stared at by someone else. Across the room, a few desks away on the back row, is a boy that Izuku has never seen before. He wasn’t even joining in on the din. He has an oddly shaped face, and it’s hard to tell exactly what’s going through his mind; his demeanor is gentle and non-threatening, but the fact remains that he is staring, which is kind of weird.

Then, to Izuku’s complete surprise, he lifts his hands. You Sign? he says, movements sharp with enthusiasm, and Izuku’s own eyes widen because up until this point, Yatchi is the only person he’s met who already knew Sign Language.

I do, Izuku says, feeling a bit numb. Are you deaf?

The stranger shakes his head. No, he says, selectively mute. You?

Selectively mute sometimes, Izuku answers, and it’s so much easier to Sign all of this than to actually say it. He wishes he could Sign with everyone. Your name?

Kouda, is the answer. Your name?

Midoriya, Izuku replies. It’s nice to meet you.

Likewise. Kouda smiles, and Izuku wishes he could return the gesture; being able to talk to Kouda like this, in a language Izuku is more comfortable with anyway, is fantastic.

Izuku fiddles with a knife in his pocket for a while absentmindedly, waiting; and then, he sees Kouda wave a hand in discreetly in his direction and turns his head towards him again.

Your cat thinks very highly of you, Kouda says, like it’s as easy as asking someone to pass the salt. She says that you need to be protected, though.

Izuku stares.

I can talk to animals, Kouda supplies, and he smiles, a bit embarrassed. I’ll help you cover for your cat today, he promises. Your secret is safe with me. Let me know if you need help.

Izuku finds himself wondering exactly what it was Rainbow had told him, but he decides that maybe he’s better off not knowing. He nods, says a quick thank you with a single hand, then goes back to fiddling with his knife. He feels better now than he did before.

The din continues for a while longer, until finally, Aizawa arrives. The air in the room changes immediately, going from lighthearted to grave in a matter of seconds.

“Please take your seats,” Aizawa says curtly, eyeing what students remain out of their chairs. “Don’t waste any more time.”

They leap and dive and sprint to obey, clambering to their desks like their lives depend on it. Within a matter of moments, everyone is where they should be.

“Good.” Aizawa stands in front of the desk for a total of three seconds before spinning around and making for the door. “Now follow me, single-file. We’re going outside.”

Confused and tentative, the students rise from their chairs again and do as instructed. Izuku takes up the rear, just behind Kouda, and when he reaches the door, he realized that Kirishima and Uraraka had waited up for him, too. They join him in the back of the group with Kouda, and much of Izuku’s unease fades.

Today is going pretty okay so far. He only hopes it keeps up.

The first order of business is a Quirk Apprehension test which, of course, Izuku has no way of properly attending. Aizawa pulls him aside and tells him, basically, that he gets it, but he still wants Izuku to do the exercises anyway.

“Whether or not you use your Quirk doesn’t really matter right now. I know what you’re capable of, so I don’t need any further proof of your abilities.”

This is fair. The test is fairly simple and not at all as strenuous as Izuku would expect from a test of this manner; there’s a ball throw, a couple general fitness training exercises, but it’s all standard procedure and really not anything super flashy. The exercises don’t take Izuku by surprise.

What does take him by surprise? Kirishima.

Kirishima aces the ball throw, going even farther than the blond kid, who Izuku now knows has a very powerful explosion Quirk. The only person Kirishima doesn’t beat out in the ball throw is Uraraka, who, of course, tapped the ball and sent it into infinity.

Except, as soon as the ball has taken air, Kirishima waves his hand around like it’s on fire and he’s trying to put out the flames. “Ow, owowowowowow,” Kirishima says quickly, then finally stops and looks down at his hand. “Dangit, that hurt more than I thought it would...I’m glad it’s not broken…”

Izuku slides up to him, arms crossed. “What’d you do.”

Kirishima jumps, which already says enough. Izuku should probably teach him how to lie, that might be nice. But, Aizawa has already moved them off to their next activity before Izuku has the chance to say anything, which, for now, might be for the best.

“Nice going on the ball throw!” someone says to him; Eijirou wishes he could remember all these names. He’ll probably be better off writing them all down on his arm for reference. “That’s some Quirk you got there, huh?”

Eijirou brushes it off as best he can. “S’not all that,” he says, shrugging. “Sorry, what’s your name again? I’ll probably be asking you that a lot.”

“Oh, it’s Sero,” he answers with a grin that Kirishima returns easily. Aizawa starts them on their next activity, instructing them to move into the gym for these next tests, and Sero flanks him.

“Hey, so, I’ve got a question,” Sero says, and Eijirou turns to him. “Your friend, Midoriya...what’s up with him?”

Eijirou’s immediate response is to be defensive; “what’s up with him,” what does that even mean; but then he takes into consideration that Midoriya is a special case. There’s no one quite like him in the entire world.

Eijirou glances behind him. Midoriya is at the very back of the line, walking with Uraraka. She’s talking and gesturing with smooth, exaggerated movements, and while Midoriya doesn’t seem to be paying much attention, he isn’t uncomfortable.

“...He’s...been through some stuff,” Eijirou says, shaking his head. “I know it’s easy to get intimidated by him—hell, I know I was at first—but he’s a really good guy. You just gotta be patient with him.”

“Ahh, I get it.” Sero nods, then holds his chin with a hand, pondering all of this. “Thanks, man. Some of us were wondering, but we didn’t wanna just... walk up to the guy and ask him. Didn’t really seem right.”

Eijirou shrugs. “He probably wouldn’t’ve minded,” he says, “but I get what you mean. Hey, if you wanna talk to him at all, bring up cats. Or heroes, he’s been super into them lately.”

“Thanks!” Sero flashes him another grin. “I’ll do my best!”

He breaks off towards the middle of the group and immediately starts talking with a few others in the class that Eijirou still has to learn the names of, and Eijirou looks farther back and catches Midoriya’s eyes. Eijirou snaps him a thumbs-up, and Midoriya throws him an unenthusiastic peace sign in return.

There are people talking about him. He doesn’t know what they’re saying, he can’t make it out all that well, but he knows they’re talking about him. It doesn’t necessarily bother him, that he’s the hot topic for conversation (which makes sense, he understands), but he wishes they’d say it to his face.

It doesn’t even seem bad, what they’re talking about. They don’t throw him any sympathetic glances or anything, don’t eye him nervously like they’re expecting him to pounce them. It’s...weird, actually. They don’t approach him, they don’t ask him questions, which is good, it’s nice, but they aren’t bad-mouthing him, either.

He wonders what Kirishima told that boy earlier, but that’s another thing he’ll just have to wait and see.

It’s really uneventful, really, the entire apprehension test. The explosion kid gets angry a few times (Bakugou, apparently; Aizawa had addressed him as such at one point), and Iida, the boy with glasses who Izuku can’t tell whether or not he’s supposed to actually recognize, keeps looking at him oddly out of the corner of his eye, which, considering Izuku’s appearance and the fact that Izuku didn’t use his Quirk once during the actual test, not to mention everyone else’s talking about him, could really mean anything.

“Take a long, hard look at your results,” Aizawa tells the group once it’s all said and done and their results are projected onto a giant screen by the gym. “Now we have a foundation from which to build upwards. Return to the classroom now, if you would please. You’ve got fifteen minutes before your next class.”

Simple enough. The students file back up toward the classroom, through the back door leading into the school. Izuku takes up the rear with Kirishima; Uraraka gets swept off by the crowd, which Izuku thinks may be for the best. As much as he likes her, and as nice as she is, she’s a bit too energetic for him right now.

Kouda moves a hand in Izuku’s line of sight, and Izuku turns to him, curious (and relieved that Kouda hadn’t tapped him to get his attention).

Your cat is thirsty, Kouda tells him. She’s been upset for a little while now.

Izuku has heard Rainbow’s muffled meows (and they’re blessedly muffled by everyone’s footsteps and voices), but he hadn’t known what she wanted. He takes this in, thinking; and then he realizes Kirishima is staring at him with wide eyes.

YOU BROUGHT YOUR CAT WITH YOU? Kirishima says, movements wide with disbelief, and Izuku nods.

I brought Rainbow.

That is a wonderful name, Kouda says, beaming.

Thanks, I like it too.

Kirishima pinches the bridge of his nose, but doesn’t ask again. I’ll cover for you or something, he says, get the cat some water.

Izuku nods, and he and Kouda stay in the back while the rest of the group plunges on towards the classroom.

They end up in the boy’s bathroom which is, thankfully, empty when they arrive. Kouji isn’t entirely sure what to think of Midoriya, this boy with scars on his skin and pain in his eyes, who smuggled in an actual live cat on the first day of school at the most prestigious Hero Academy in the world.

But, anyway, that’s neither here nor there. Right now, Midoriya is using the cap of his water bottle as something of a small bowl for the cat in question, Rainbow (who is completely white. Kouda wasn’t sure what he’d expected).

Rainbow is a chatterbox, really, she is. Kouda thinks it’s quite endearing; most cats he meets are the opposite, but this one won’t stop going on and on about Midoriya. Kouda just wishes she had more positive things to say about him.

This one’s mine, Rainbow says proudly, bumping her head underneath Midoriya’s chin when he offers her a bottlecap of water. Her “voice” sounds like meows and trills to Midoriya, of course, who doesn’t suspect a thing. He has lots of problems. He likes you, he thinks you’re nice. You’re quiet. He doesn’t mind being with you.  

Kouda doesn’t respond; he doesn’t want Midoriya to think he and Rainbow are gossiping about him when he can only hear one side of the conversation.

He’s my kitten, Rainbow boasts, curling against Midoriya’s chest as he caps the water bottle again. I love him very much.

Midoriya turns to Kouda, and although the look on his face doesn’t change much, he seems curious. What’s she saying? he asks; another odd thing about Midoriya is that while he can talk and he does talk, he seems more comfortable with Sign Language.

Kouda supposes it’s not all that strange after all. He’s like that, himself.

She says she loves you, Kouda answers with a smile. Midoriya blinks at him thrice in rapid session, then brings his arms around Rainbow and hugs her tight, burying his face into her fur. Kouda hears him murmur “I love you, too,” and his smile turns soft.

There’s still a lot he doesn’t understand, but that doesn’t mean he can’t look after Midoriya regardless.

Izuku and Kouda return to Class 1-A shortly thereafter, without bumping into anyone, and Izuku thanks Kouda (in Sign) and heads to his desk in the back of the room. He places his backpack across the surface and slides into his chair, glad to be off his feet.

The teacher for their next subject isn’t here yet, which might be a good thing seeing as how no one, aside from him and a few others, are in their proper seats where they belong. They’re sitting on desks (much to Iida’s dismay), chatting to each other even though they’ve only just met, and...

It’s weird.

It’s really weird, all of this, because Izuku is surrounded by new faces of people he doesn’t know, people his age, all with differing personalities and strengths and weaknesses, and it could just be him, but he’s pretty sure his classmates are intentionally avoiding him, which makes sense considering his scars and whatnot, and Rainbow is starting to get antsy now and he doesn’t know for how much longer he’s going to be able to keep her a secret—

Rainbow meows. Loudly.

And everyone turns to stare. Izuku is only glad the English teacher isn’t here yet, because there is no way that would go undetected.

“Wait...does someone have a cat?” the earphone-jack girl, Jirou, says (one thing Izuku did manage to remember was their names, which he has written down on a small notecard in his pocket for reference).

It’s Kirishima who answers first, slinging an arm around Izuku’s shoulders. “Nahh, you probably just heard it wrong,” he says breezily, and he’s such an easy-going guy that it’s hard not to believe him. “Maybe someone sneezed or something.”

Rainbow meows again, and this time there’s no denying it.

“Someone does have a cat!” Ashido declares loudly, leaping to her feet. “Okay, who is it!? I wanna see the cat, I love cats!”

Izuku sighs, but realizes that, quite literally, the cat is out of the bag. He unzips his backpack, and out of it leaps Rainbow, who trills and explores Izuku’s desk curiously.

“OH MY GOSH IT’S A CAT.” Ashido practically flies across the room. Rainbow lets her close, rubbing her face against Ashido’s hand when she reaches out. Rainbow has always been one of the more friendly cats, which is good; besides, the cat makes a nice distraction to keep peoples’ eyes off of Izuku. “What’s his name?”

“Her, and it’s Rainbow,” Izuku answers quietly. Ashido looks at him for a moment, then quickly refocuses her gaze on the cat, cooing and scratching her head.

“Awwe, I love her!” Hagakure gushes, and it’s hard to tell exactly what kind of face she’s wearing, considering she doesn’t...technically...have a face… “She’s so cute!”

Izuku is beginning to feel overwhelmed again, but he plays it off now better than he did before, taking Rainbow into his arms and holding her tight. “Thank you,” he murmurs, feeling awkward, but better now that he’s holding Rainbow. “I love her, too.”

It’s not as bad as it could be. Kirishima is right by his side, and already, Izuku knows his appearance isn’t the most approachable type, considering most of the class holds back. He’s almost glad for it. Everything seems to be going okay—

“Midoriya, is it?”

All heads turn in that direction. It’s Iida who spoke, that person Izuku feels like he should know from somewhere but doesn’t, and he’s looking at Izuku with the same eyes he gave the students perched on the edges of their desks where they didn’t belong.

“Hi,” Izuku says, already anticipating the worst. “I’m sorry. I won’t bring the cat tomorrow.”

Iida doesn’t seem surprised. He doesn’t scold him, either, just nods. “Alright,” he says, straightening his glasses. “But we aren’t supposed to bring pets. Please refrain from doing so in the future.”

Maybe Iida feels sorry for him. Maybe he overheard whatever it was Kirishima told Sero. Izuku doesn’t know, and he doesn’t really want to ask—

“I’ll give them back if you promise not to try to stab me again, okay?”

Izuku’s eyes go wide as Iida turns away. He’s realized it.

The hero who saved him all those years ago. Iida looks just like him.

He doesn’t get the chance to say anything; by the time he comes up with something, the teacher enters the room, and everyone is forced to quit conversation and return to their seats.

Izuku has some concerns. Rainbow has been well-behaved so far, but she’s getting antsier now, wanting to be free and out of his backpack, which is completely understandable, but at the same time, Izuku doesn’t know what he’s going to do if he’s found out by the teacher. Would they expel him for bringing a pet? It seems kind of extreme, but this is U.A., and after that Zero-Pointer in the entrance exam, Izuku wouldn’t put anything past them.

The teacher of their final class, the pro-hero Midnight, stands at the front of the room and gestures to the blackboard. Izuku listens and takes notes, but he’s mostly concerned about the squirming bundle that is his bag.

“As you can see here,” Midnight is saying, moments before disaster strikes, “the formula--”

Mrrow!

Disaster has struck, and everyone--but specifically Midnight--turns to look in the direction from whence the sound came. Izuku knows he’s done for. He’s absolutely done for. He’d taken Rainbow with him today because he didn’t want to go alone, but it might be his doom now—

To his shock, it’s Ashido who leaps from her feet and shoots her hand into the air. “I’m sorry!” she says, bowing lowly. “I sneezed! I tried holding it back but I couldn’t!”

Izuku stares.

Somehow, though, the teacher buys it. “Don’t get so worked up about it,” she says, frowning. “Go ahead and sit down, no worries.”

Ashido sinks back into her seat with a feigned sigh of relief, and she flashes Izuku a thumbs-up behind her back.

Izuku would like to say that’s the first and only time that happened, but it isn’t. Rainbow is still restless, and she still voices all these complaints. No matter how many times it happens, someone always covers for it; Kaminari pretends he’s coughing into his fist to stifle Rainbow’s protests, Jirou “knocks” her book off the table—even Yaoyorozu, whom Izuku took to be the most logical of the class aside from say Iida, scoots her chair backwards to cover one of Rainbow’s meows.

It’s one of the most bizzare but endearing situations Izuku has ever found himself in, and he can’t tell whether they’re doing it for his sake, or for Rainbow’s.

Either way, as his new classmates come up with more and more bizzare ways to cover for Rainbow’s noise, he can’t help but feel something stir in his chest. He’d had doubts before, lots of them, but…

Maybe coming to U.A. will be the best decision he’s ever made.

[Aizawa-sensei]
Sorry I didn’t get the chance to catch you before school ended. If you aren’t too out of it, do you wanna go for another Quirk training session at the usual place?

Izuku is on his way out of the school when he gets the text. He’d told Kirishima to go on ahead; like always, Kirishima was running late for his train, so Izuku shooed him on ahead. Rainbow is tucked away safely in Izuku’s backpack, secret safe. No one approached him afterwards expecting a thank-you; a couple of them winked at him behind the teacher’s back, a few more gave him thumbs-up in like manner, but that’s it. No one asks him about Rainbow, not even Iida.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Sounds good. See you in like half an hour.

[Aizawa-sensei]
Make it more like an hour, I’m still finishing up here.
Also, if you wanna bring your cat to school you can leave them in the teacher’s lounge.
No more stowaways.

Izuku isn’t surprised. The only thing that does surprise him is that Aizawa hadn’t brought it up sooner.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Alright. That’s fair.
See you later.

Aizawa doesn’t text back—there’s really no need for him to—so Izuku pockets his phone and finally looks up again.

He passes someone, someone with dual-colored hair and eyes and an expression nearly cold enough to match Izuku’s own. Izuku saw him at the Quirk Apprehension test, then later in Class 1-A; a classmate, but this is the first time Izuku’s been this close to him.

It’s the first time he’s actually had the chance to look at his face.

Todoroki, that’s his name; Izuku remembered his just like he remembered everyone else’s. He doesn’t look at Izuku when they pass, even though their shoulders nearly touch, and it should be fine, really, it should be.

But it isn’t.

It isn’t fine because every instinct Izuku has is screaming t h r e a t .

The world around him fades into white and slows to a near standstill. Todoroki doesn’t look at him, but it’s like Izuku can’t pull his eyes away.

T h R e AT, says every moment of training, every instinct, every hard-learned lesson from the villains.

Todoroki…? Izuku can’t look away. Wait...that doesn’t make sense...why would he…?

T h R e a T, it says again.

The world comes back into focus and motion, and Todoroki passes him and continues down his way, unaware that anything had transpired at all. Izuku spins on his heel and watches his retreating back, eyes wide, heart racing. This isn’t right, this can’t be right, this is his classmate, this is someone his own age, this is—

This is wrong, this is—

TH r E a T.

But how? Izuku thinks desperately, searching himself, because Todoroki isn’t a danger to him, Izuku is not threatened by Todoroki, but there’s something there, some deep instinct Izuku has that’s saying the opposite. How is he a threat? Why? To whom?

T h R e A t . . .

Izuku watches Todoroki until he turns the corner and disappears from sight.

. . . T o  h IM S e L F .
Notes:

    I didn't get to responding to comments this time around hdgkjdlfkg I'm sorry guys I really want to but today's been rough and i haven't had the mental energy i'm sorry.

    But!!! Another update!! I was k i n d a stupid and thought my procedure was sooner than it was so.......it's a little over a week from now, and this'll probably be the last update before then, so I really hope you enjoyed the chapter!! Thank you for all your well-wishes and good-lucks, it really means a lot to me.

    Cy'all on the flipside!! I love you so much, and thank you for your continued support!!! It means a lot to me. :) <3

Chapter 13
Notes:

    ART!!

    good-night-starshine

    squidkitties

    Thank you both sm!! Enjoy the story! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Izuku spends a good hour on his laptop that afternoon after school, researching. The laptop itself is bright pink and decorated with dozens of stickers, but that’s not important; Izuku’s more focused on what’s on his screen right now.

He knew the name Todoroki sounded familiar to him. Endeavor, the number two hero—his true name is Todoroki Enji. Izuku had run into an article on him once while he was doing some digging on Aizawa. Izuku already doesn’t like the vibes Endeavor gives off, even in his picture, but he really can’t judge until he meets the man in person.

He reminds himself to bring an extra knife or two (or ten) should he ever meet the man.

And then he moves on to the “Iida” family. He looks up the family name, followed by “hero,” and the results file in. The top result is Iida Tensei, the hero “Ingenium,” a popular, well-loved guy who’s respected by both civilians and the entire hero industry. He’s definitely Iida’s older brother; Izuku wonders if maybe he should say something tomorrow at school.

He shuts the laptop, grabs a syringe of Quirk suppressants just in case, and heads out to meet Aizawa at the abandoned city.

Tomorrow comes quickly, despite Izuku barely catching two hours of sleep that night, and soon enough he’s setting off for the train station. Kirishima meets up with him, barely making his train in time, and then, a bit farther down the line as they’re walking towards U.A., Uraraka and Kouda sprint up to them, both beaming.

“Morning!” Uraraka says cheerily, and Kouda Signs the same thing to Izuku. “How are you all doing today?”

“I’m doing great!” Kirishima fist-bumps nothing, grinning. “Ready for another day, that’s for sure!”

Izuku tunes out the conversation and looks ahead. He catches a glimpse of Todoroki as he steps into the building, and Iida is a little farther off, marching towards the front steps.

Izuku doesn’t know what’s going on with Todoroki right now, so there’s not much he could say anyway, even if he wanted to, but Iida…

Be right back, Izuku says to Kouda while Kirishima and Uraraka ramble on and on. Don’t wait up for me.

Kouda nods his acknowledgement, and Izuku takes off towards Iida. It’s not really what he wants to do, but at the same time, he feels like he has to say something. Besides, today is a good day so far; what better time to talk to him than during the rare moments in which Izuku feels vaguely sociable?

“Iida.”

Iida turns to him, halting mid-step. “Oh,” he says, putting his foot down, “it’s you. You don’t have another cat, do you?”

Izuku shakes his head and resists the urge to start fiddling with the one pocket knife he has on him. “I wanted to apologize,” he says. “I...I probably shouldn’t have brought the cat yesterday at all, but...I just…”

Iida studies him for a moment, and Izuku feels vaguely like he’s being dissected. “I understand,” he says, “school is stressful for everyone, especially on the first day, but...please refrain from bringing pets in the future, alright?”

Izuku nods. Iida continues walking, and Izuku flanks him, though he does leave about a foot of space between them. They continue on in silence, and Izuku can’t tell whether or not it’s a comfortable silence.

Homeroom goes smoothly, and so do their next classes. At lunch in the cafeteria, Izuku spends his time, again, in Kirishima’s shadow. He’s glad no one’s seemed to notice his bizarre appearance yet, though he’s not counting on it to stay that way, and when he and Kirishima find a table, they’re joined quickly by Uraraka and Kouda.

Izuku can’t help but feel like he’s doing something wrong. He’s never been good in situations, and here, he doesn’t really feel like he belongs in this situation. Maybe he can take his lunch somewhere else so everyone can enjoy their time together. He doesn’t know if he’s handling these social situations correctly, he doesn’t know if maybe he’s coming across as too forward, or maybe not forward enough, or maybe he’s fine and he’s just overthinking things, he has no idea.  

And then, to Izuku’s surprise, Asui joins them at the table.

They haven’t spoken yet, not even a simple passing word, but Izuku has discerned already that Asui has a very simple, easy-going demeanor. She isn’t a mystery like Todoroki, won’t keep her true feelings to herself, and always speaks her mind.

“Midori-chan,” she says, sitting beside him (he has to resist the urge to scoot away, but she isn’t touching him, so he’s alright for now), “after the cat thing yesterday, I saw this and thought of you.”

She places something on the table and nudges it towards him.

“I was downtown shopping yesterday and I found this,” she says. “You iron it on, I believe. It might be kind of silly, but you seem like you like wearing colors, and you brought a cat with you yesterday, so I thought it suited you well. You can even put it on your blazer if you want.”

It’s an embroidered, cartoon-y cat, with multi-colored hearts on its coat and neon whiskers. Izuku stares at it, wide-eyed, and takes it into his hands carefully, like it’s glass with a crack already running down the center.

“You...really got this for me?”  

Asui nods. “If you want it, it’s yours.”

Izuku stares a while longer, then releases a shaky breath. “Thank you, Asui.”

“Call me Tsuyu,” she says, smiling at him. “I hope we can be friends, Midori-chan.”

Any previous sense of unease and worry leaves Izuku’s mind, and Asui—no, wait, Tsuyu—remains with them for lunch, chatting and talking away with the others. Izuku doesn’t join in the conversation, but it’s not because he’s uncomfortable. It’s for the opposite reason, actually.

The day goes uneventfully—Izuku and the others breeze through their final classes with flying colors. It seems his tutoring with Kirishima is finally paying off, because he almost gets some of the questions right.

And then, their final class of today. Hero Basic training, taught by none other than All Might.

It’s the first time Izuku has seen the hero since before the entrance exam; he’s looking like his usual, chipper self that the world knows him by, and with wide gestures and a blinding smile, he gives the introduction.

“I’m sure you’ve all really been waiting for this moment,” All Might says, clicking a button on the remote on the desk, “so I won’t beat around the bush!”

From several mechanical lockers on the far wall come several briefcases, each numbered according to its corresponding student.

The students don’t need to be told what this means.

“Hero costumes!” Kaminari exclaims, hopping to his feet. Izuku is glad they’re on opposite sides of the classroom, because he’s sure the volume and suddenness of the shout would have him flinching away. “Are you for real!? We really get to wear them!?”

“Indeed!” All Might says, nodding. “Go ahead and get suited up, then return to the classroom for further instruction!”

“Yessir!”

Hero costumes. It’d taken a lot of time and a lot of reworking it before Izuku was proud of his design. He had to take everything into consideration; his Quirk, his knives, his limitations, Quirk suppressants, what he should do if his Quirk leaves him blind, deaf or otherwise...there’s a lot to consider, when it comes to him. Everyone has things to consider, but he’s willing to bet good money that none of them have to think about nearly as much as he does.

At first he wasn’t entirely sure what he’d wanted to do with his costume. Half the time he spent working on it was just him trying to determine exactly what kind of message he wanted to give off. He’d grown up a villain, and he doesn’t want that to be what people affiliate him with, but at the same time, he doesn’t want to come off as weak to villains.

Something intimidating, but someone friendly. That’s what he’s going for.

For the longest time, he had no idea what to do. He’d thought about it ‘till his head pounded, then a little longer, until it finally hit him.

It’d hit him in the form of Fistfight pouncing Fiddlesticks.

Everyone, suited in their costumes, meet All Might on Field Gamma.

“OH MY GOSH, MIDORI!” Ashido springs forward, beaming excitedly at him. “You’re literally a cat!”

“Not quite,” Izuku says, shifting his weight. “It’s mainly the ears.”

He does have a pair of heavy-duty cat ears, if that’s a thing, along with several sheathed knives strapped around his calves and thighs. His entire costume is black, from his long-sleeved shirt to his black pants, except for the flipside of his cape, which is silver, but unnoticeable unless he puts it on upside down.

“Oh wow, that looks awesome!” Kirishima says, racing over. He looks pretty slick in his own costume, too, black, long-sleeved shirt and bright red shoulder pads. “Like a panther, right?”

“A kitten,” Izuku says, “but same difference.”

“I’ll be honest,” Tsuyu says, tapping a finger to her chin, “I was expecting something with a little more color, Midori-chan, taking into consideration what you usually wear.”

“Oh, I can do this.” Izuku stomps his black combat boots harder than usual; bright, multi-colored LED lights flash on the ground. “Plus, my cape is reversible. It’s silver on one side.”

“Nice.”

“Now, everyone, we will be deciding the teams at random!” All Might says flamboyantly, and Izuku and the others stop what they’re doing to listen. “Each team consists of two people, and each battle will have both a hero team, and a villain team! It’s the hero’s job to infiltrate the building and secure either the villains or their weapon, and it’s the villains’ job to stop the heroes, or defend their weapon. So whether you’re an attacker or a defender, there’s something here for you!”

Izuku’s brain is ticking already. So...villains versus heroes...attacking or defending…

The lots are drawn, and All Might declares them loudly for all to hear.

The villain team: Iida and Bakugou.

The hero team: Izuku and Uraraka.

All Might says something to Izuku, briefly, as he moves to join Uraraka outside of the training building. “I don’t know how you feel about all this,” All Might says, just loud enough for Izuku to hear as he passes by, “but if it gets to be too much, cross your fingers. I’ll call off the match.”

Izuku appreciates All Might looking after him, even though he’s sure he’ll be fine. After all, it’s just a practice match. “Thank you,” he says, then continues walking and joins Uraraka while Bakugou and Iida take their places and All Might and the remaining students head into the viewing area to watch everything unfold.

“Here.” Uraraka passes him a copy of the floorplan, which Izuku takes and studies. “There are a lot of stories, what do you think we should do?”

Izuku nods simply. “Judging by his behavior at the Quirk Apprehension test, Bakugou will probably be on the offense. Iida’s Quirk is better suited for defense anyway in comparison to Bakugou, so they’ll probably have Bakugou fight and Iida defend.”

Uraraka nods. “That sounds right.” She mulls this over in her head for a while, then moves her index finger down the front of the blueprint. “If we infiltrate through the side window, they probably won’t know we’re there.”

Izuku takes a moment to think about it. “How confident are you in your combat abilities?” he asks, turning towards her. “Because if you think you can hold our own in a fight, I have an idea.”

Uraraka glances at him. “I’m listening.”

“If you infiltrate the building from the ground and I infiltrate from the roof,” Izuku says, moving his finger along the blueprints as he speaks to show her the path, “we’re both bound to either run into Iida or Bakugou. Their fighting styles are a mystery to us right now, but I think it’s fair to say that they won’t be sticking together during the trial.”

“Oh, I get it…” Uraraka nods. “So if we check every floor, you from the top and me from the bottom, we’ll definitely bump into both Bakugou and Iida.”

“Exactly. And it’ll go a lot quicker this way, too. By splitting up like this, we won’t waste time wandering around trying to find them.”

“Perfect!” Uraraka beams enthusiastically, nodding. “But...that still leaves us with what we’re going to do once we bump into Iida or Bakugou…”

“We’ll think about that once we’re in the building,” Izuku says, raising his head and looking at the structure. “Our ten minutes is bound to be up any second now.”

As though on cue, All Might’s voice booms over the loudspeakers. “Time’s up! Heroes, you may now infiltrate the building!”

“Here we go,” Uraraka breathes, looking towards him. “Good luck, Midoriya.”

“You too.”

Izuku whips out two knives, one for each hand, and although Uraraka jumps, she doesn’t seem afraid. She enters through one of the windows on the first floor, and Izuku digs his knives into the side of the building and begins to climb.

He’s at the final floor in almost no time at all, and he pulls open the window with one hand and swings himself inside. He rolls on his shoulder to keep from making too much noise, then crouches and looks around.

No sign of anyone.

He rises to his feet slowly, knives still in hand, and takes another glance about the room. It’s a labyrinth of walls and turns and dead ends; Izuku isn’t sure how anyone would really be able to find their way through it, and for a hero exercise, it seems a bit overkill, but it’s whatever.

It’s too quiet up here for there to be anyone but Izuku. One thing Bakugou is not is quiet, and neither is Iida. Their Quirks are noisy ones, and so are their costumes; it’d be hard for either of them to sneak up on him without him realizing it.

So he takes the stairs down to the next lowest floor.

Then to the next lowest floor.

The further into the building he goes, the thicker the labyrinth becomes. He still doesn’t hear anything of great significance, and he isn’t far down enough to bump into Uraraka yet, so he has some time.

He does find it weird that he hasn’t heard anything from anyone yet. He taps the communication device by his ear.

“Uraraka, anything yet?” he asks, keeping his voice low.

“No, nothing,” she answers, voice a harsh whisper even through the mechanisms. “I don’t like this. I keep feeling like I’m being watched. Like someone’s breathing down my neck.”

Izuku doesn’t feel the same way, but he has to admit, everything is startlingly calm right now. It’s like they aren’t even in the middle of a test. “Bakugou is probably hiding out somewhere waiting for us,” he deduces, sprinting down the next staircase and moving swiftly through the labyrinth, feet barely touching the ground. “We’ll meet in the middle soon enough.”

“Got it. Over.”

Izuku doesn’t tap his device again. He continues through the labyrinth, checking through doors, peering into each room he passes. He knows something should happen soon; it doesn’t make sense for things to keep continuing this way.

He passes one door, then immediately presses himself against the wall to avoid being spotted. Silently, he taps his communication device by his ear.

“Uraraka. I found Iida. And the weapon.”

“Wait really? That’s great!” Uaraka’s voice is more enthusiastic than before, though still not much more than a whisper. “If you think you can take him out and get the weapon then go ahead. I’ll keep Bakugou distracted, wherever he is...I still haven’t seen any sign of him.”

“Gotcha.” Izuku nods. “Gonna engage now. See you on the flipside.”

“Okay. Good luck.”

Izuku lowers his hand back down to his side and draws a knife. He hears Iida monologuing to himself inside the room, but can’t make out any words.

Now’s as good a time as ever…

Izuku takes a breath, swings himself around the corner, and throws the knife after taking aim. The knife goes right by Iida and the nuclear weapon, embedding in the far wall.

Iida spins around to face him. Izuku raises a hand and waves at him. “If you could throw my knife back to me that’d be fantastic.”

Iida blinks at him twice, rapidly, then moves into a stance. “Never, hero!” he says, pointing a finger accusingly. “It was foolish of you to give up your weapon in the first place! I will never let you have this weapon!” After this, Iida breaks into a round of exaggerated, evil cackling.

Izuku blinks. “Is...is that your impersonation of a villain?”

“I am a villain!” Iida barks back at him.

Izuku blinks again. “...My cats are scarier than that. I’m sorry.”

“I DON’T WANT YOUR SYMPATHY.” Iida moves to stand in front of the weapon, ready to defend. “GIVE IT YOUR ALL, HERO!”

“Wellp.” Izuku crouches, then draws a second knife to replace the first one. “Guess we’re doing it this way.”  

He charges, not for any particular reason, but to see how Iida reacts.

It goes about how Izuku expected; when he gets too close, Iida grabs the weapon and zooms to the opposite side of the room with his Quirk. Izuku skids to a halt, then turns to look at him as he takes his stance before the weapon again.

“Nice try, hero!” Iida gawks, still playing the part. “But I will not let you lay a finger on this weapon!”

Izuku frowns. “You’re taking this pretty seriously, don’t you think?”

“Of course!” Iida nods, and the movement is very extreme and obvious, even with his helmet. “You are a hero infiltrating our base and trying to stop our brilliant scheme! Of course I’m taking this seriously!”

“Nice.” Izuku retracts his knife hand. “Shame if something happened to that weapon, don’t you think?”

Iida blinks at him, then takes a step backwards. “You wouldn’t.”

“Wanna bet?”

Izuku doesn’t wait for a response. He throws the knife.

Iida reacts the moment he sees Izuku’s hand move; he grabs the weapon again and yanks it out of the way of the knife. The blade sinks harmlessly into the wall, but it was a close call.

“You are insane!” Iida says, pointing at him again.

Izuku draws up another knife. “You’re the guys who brought a nuclear weapon into a small building in the first place, so I’m pretty sure this is more your fault than mine.”

“Don’t question our ways! We’re the villains here!”

“Really.”

Izuku tilts his head to one side without breaking eye contact.

“ You don’t laugh like one.”

It’s wrong, really, pulling this card, but Iida drops his guard long enough for Izuku to make his move. He throws a knife and kicks off the ground at the same time; the knife sinks into the wall by Iida’s head, and while Iida’s attention is directed there, Izuku moves in closer.

“It’s your power,” Kirishima had said, as Izuku leaned against his shoulder and watched him play dumb games on his phone. “...It’s going to be hard, but you’re going to learn to control it. You’re going to use it to save people someday, I know you will.”

Iida…

The feeling is familiar now. He only needs a little bit. Aizawa had already said he was holding the majority of it back; maybe he can hold back most of it again. Only use what he needs.

...I’m sorry.

Tenya has no idea what happens. One moment there’s a knife right by his head, and then, he can’t see anything. His vision doesn’t go black. No, it cuts to static, like one of those old TV screens with poor signal. He can hear it roaring in his ears, crackling constantly, getting louder—

—and then there’s nothing. His vision goes black, but he realizes this time that it’s because his eyes are closed. He opens them, blinks upwards; his blurry vision comes back into focus, and he sees Midoriya, scarred and breathing hard, with the needle of a now-empty syringe buried in his arm.

“Sorry, Iida.” Midoriya’s voice is thick, and Tenya can’t actually tell what kind of emotion is behind it, if any. Midoriya sounds exhausted more than anything else. “I didn’t want to have to use it, but…”

There’s capture tape wrapped around Tenya’s wrists, binding his hands together.

But that’s not what he’s concerned with. He’s lost, sure, and he knows he’ll lament his inability to fight back later, but what he’s really concerned with is Midoriya’s words.

Tenya doesn’t know what he’s talking about. He’d never felt anything like that before, that static, that roaring in his ears like he was by an electronic, crackling ocean. He wonders if it has anything to do with Midoriya’s—scarred, dead-eyed Midoriya’s—Quirk.

But there’s a lot he doesn’t know about Midoriya. There’s a lot he’s not sure he wants to know.

“Either way…” Midoriya slips the needle into a special cylinder on his thigh. “...Guess I’ll just...end it here…”  

“Thought I heard a rat. Stand back before I blow off your head.”

Midoriya turns around, slowly. Bakugou is standing in the doorway, one of his gauntlets poised to fire.

Midoriya frowns. He isn’t close enough to the weapon to be able to reach out and touch it, but he’s close nonetheless. “You wouldn’t fire,” Midoriya says flatly. “It’s a nuclear weapon.” (Paper mache, actually, but they’re not supposed to think along those lines.) “Firing off that blast is suicide.”

“Who says I give a damn?” Bakugou’s finger curls around the pin of the grenade. “You’re the only one pitching a fit about it.”

“What are you doing!?” Tenya only finds his voice now, as Bakugou prepares to pull the pin. “Don’t do it! What are you thinking!?”

“Step away from the bomb,” Bakugou tells Midoriya, “and we’ll fight this good and fair. What do you say?”

“How about this.” Midoriya draws two knives. He’s still breathing hard. “You stop acting like an idiot and lower your weapon. If you fire that off, you’ll kill everyone in this building.”

“You know I’m not gonna back off!” Bakugou barks, teasing the pin. “Step away, or I’ll fire!”

“Then let’s see who’s quicker.” Midoriya retracts his arm, taking aim. “And who’s bluffing.”

“Midoriya!”

Uraraka barrels in out of nowhere and leaps at Bakugou.

It’s like Bakugou is ready for her, because he swings around and bashes the side of her head with the gauntlet. She flies backwards with a sharp cry of pain and hits the ground, unmoving. She might’ve blacked out, but she’s not bleeding, and the hit wasn’t hard enough to concuss her. Izuku wants to check on her more thoroughly, but right now, he has to believe that she’s okay.

“Nice going.” Izuku straightens up, lowering his arm. “You’re a coward, you know. Not even coming directly at me.”

Bakugou snarls at him. “What did you say?” he demands, starting forward. “You really want me to come directly at you, is that it, huh? I’ll give you that, Cat. And you’re not gonna like it.”

“Charming.”

He runs at Izuku, and Izuku has a brief thought that maybe he shouldn’t have egged Bakugou on right after taking a Quirk suppressant.

Izuku springs out of the way of Bakugou’s first swing; he swung with his left arm, very sure of himself. He was expecting to land the blow. But he doesn’t.

Izuku kicks Bakugou behind the knees, which sends Bakugou pitching forward. Just as Izuku is about to spring on him with the capture tape, Bakugou swings his arm around and fires off a blast dangerously close to Izuku’s face. Izuku falls back, his shoulder blades hitting the far wall; he can feel pain spiking up the side of his face and wonders, briefly, if he’ll wind up with another scar there.

“I forgot what you said.”

Bakugou grabs Izuku by the front of the shirt and slams him against the wall harder. Izuku’s mind goes blank. Their faces are inches away from each other, his feet are dangling, there’s a wall behind him, and he still has his knives in his hands but he can’t bring himself to raise them. His ears ring. His vision blurs. His head fills with cotton.

“You said you wanted me to come at you, didn’t you?” Bakugou’s holding him, grabbing him. He’s pinned up against a wall. His feet dangle, limp. A part of him wants to scream.

“...You know, you’re not all that, are you?” Bakugou leans in even closer. Izuku’s heart springs into his throat. “You talk a big game, but you really look your costume, you know. You’re pathetic. A kitten. A deku.”

Something snaps.

He doesn’t know what it is, but it’s a very defining something.

Izuku slams his knee under Bakugou’s chin. Bakugou reels back, but doesn’t let go, and Izuku sinks his teeth into Bakugou’s forearm. He shrieks and throws himself back, and Izuku hits the floor gasping.

“Did you seriously bite me!? What the hell!?”

Izuku yanks off his headband and throws it like a frisbee. Bakugou doesn’t move at first, but then, he hurls himself out of the way. The cat ears on Izuku’s headband sink into the far wall and stay there.

Bakugou turns to him, beside himself. “DID YOU REALLY PUT KNIVES IN YOUR FRICKIN CAT EARS!?”

“Do you really need me to answer that question?”

“What the hell is wrong with you!?”

Izuku rises, slowly. “Don’t call me Deku again.”

“Really!? What’s wrong with it, huh, Deku?”

Izuku’s eye twitches. “Don’t.”

“Whatcha gonna do about it, huh, Deku!?” Bakugou grins madly, eyes narrowed. “Why don’t you come and stop me if it means so much to you, Deku?”

“Don’t.”

“Come stop me, then, Deku!”

“Please, don’t.”

“Begging now, huh!?” Bakugou raises a gauntlet for another blast. “Not very heroic of you, Deku.”

Izuku charges.

There are two knives in his hands before he knows it. Bakugou fires the blast, but it’s all noise and nothing. Izuku dodges is, it blows a hole through the wall, Izuku’s knives flash in the light.

And then Bakugou is on the ground.

Eijirou knows exactly what he’s watching. In his mind, anyway, he does. But in his heart, he has no idea. He has no idea what’s going on here.

Midoriya had tackled Bakugou, and they’re on the ground now, rolling and tumbling. Midoriya’s knives flash, Bakugou’s explosions cloud the area. They can’t even see what’s going on half of the time.

He can see the screens, but he can’t hear any of what was exchanged between Midoriya and Bakugou. All he knows is Bakugou was saying something, and then Midoriya lost it.

He’s never seen Midoriya like this before.

“Sensei!” He pushes through the crowd of his fellow student onlookers and gets to All Might. “You have to stop the fight, something’s wrong! I’ve never seen Midoriya act like this, I don’t know what Bakugou said but you have to stop the fight before it goes any further!”

“I know,” All Might says, staring at the screens, “but look.”

Eijirou does.

Izuku barely knows what he’s doing anymore. It’s all instinct from here on. His knives are more of an empty threat, but they give Bakugou one more thing to think about. Izuku is a lot lighter on his feet than Bakugou is, which gives him an advantage, but with Bakugou’s all-range explosions, it doesn’t help by very much.

He dodges. He attacks. One of his knives leaves a gash on Bakugou’s cheek, another gash on his forearm, another on his shin. They’re small wounds but they’ll add up, they’ll add up and he’ll give up, they’ll add up and he’ll fall, he’ll lose, he’ll d—

Izuku freezes.

Bakugou bashes the side of his head with a gauntlet.

Izuku is thrown back off his feet, rolling and tumbling once he hits the ground. He gets his feet underneath him again, but there are bright stars in his line of sight, and his exhaustion from the Quirk suppressants is starting to get to him.

Bakugou stalks towards him, grinning. “You’re really nothing in the end, are you? Deku.”

Izuku’s head spins.

And then All Might’s voice booms over the loudspeakers.

“HERO TEAM WINS!”

Izuku’s head snaps up. So does Bakugou’s. “WHAT THE HELL!?” Bakugou screches, spinning around. “But—!”

Uraraka is there, breathing hard, blood streaking down the side of her face, but her palm is placed flat against the nuclear weapon.

She smiles, twistedly at Bakugou, then kindly at Izuku. “Thanks, Midoriya. We sure put these villains in their place.”

Izuku flops on the ground, Iida wails dramatically in despair, and Bakugou stands there trembling.

Bakugou and Iida filed out, but Izuku and Uraraka were asked by All Might over the loudspeakers to wait for the medics to arrive. Izuku is sitting against the wall now, knees pulled against his chest and arms wrapped around them. He’s still seeing stars, and he feels vaguely like he’s going to be sick, so he’s glad he doesn’t have to get up and walk himself.

Uraraka joins him, standing by him tentatively for a moment, then sinking down next to him when he doesn’t object. She too draws her knees against her chest and wraps her arms around them.

“Oh, man…” she breathes, then shakes her head. “That was crazy. You...are you okay?”

Izuku pulls his cape tighter around himself. “I’m fine. What about you? Are you okay?”

“Oh, y-yeah, I’m alright.” She giggles softly to herself, then sighs. “That really hurt when he hit me, though, I don’t think I want that to ever happen again—” She stops suddenly, does a double-take. Her eyes widen. “...Oh, wow…”

Izuku glances at her. “What.”

“N-Nothing, I just…you have golden sparkles in your eyes. They’re super pretty.”

Izuku blinks. “You...you really think so?”

“Oh, yeah, definitely!” Uraraka nods enthusiastically. “I think they’re really pretty! Super unique, too, I’ve never met anyone like that—”

Izuku leans his head against her shoulder. She doesn’t tense or flinch away, but her smile fades slowly.

“...Midoriya...are you…are you really okay?”

“...Yeah.”

Izuku doesn’t like the infirmary. It reminds him too much of a hospital. But, he assumes it’s better than nothing; besides, Uraraka is with him, so he’s not alone.

The door bangs the wall, and in runs Kirishima, Tsuyu, and Kouda, looking frantic. It’s Uraraka who speaks first, raising a hand in greeting; she has bandages wrapped around her forehead, but other than that, is unharmed.

“Hey!” she welcomes, smiling. “Did you guys already do your battle?”

“Yes.” Tsuyu hops forward, taps her finger to her chin. “Yours was the most gruesome, though. Are you both alright?”

Uraraka looks at Izuku, and when Izuku says nothing, she raises her head towards Tsuyu again. “We’re okay. Not great, but, we’re okay.”

Izuku holds his silence, and Kirishima steps forward. “Midoriya, what did Bakugou say to you?”

Izuku bites his lip. “Nothing.”

“You flipped out, Midoriya, he said something.”

“I don’t want to talk about it.”

“Dude—”

“Kiri-chan, please.”

Kirishima stops, and his teeth snap together with an audible click. “...Okay. Okay, I won’t. Sorry, I just…” He runs a hand through his air. “I was worried, man. That wasn’t like you at all.”

“I know. It’s okay.” It’s not. “I’ll be fine.” He’ll be, eventually. “Don’t worry.”

He’s lying.

No one says anything else—no one except Kouda, who raises a small, hasty We’re here for you, which Izuku returns with a Thank you, even though his hand shakes.

“You used your Quirk during the battle trial.” It isn’t a question. Izuku can tell this from the second he hears the words. He nods, looking downwards; he and Aizawa are headed down the hallway, towards the exit.

“I didn’t want to,” Izuku says, “and I used a Quirk Suppressant right afterwards—what?”

“Nothing,” Aizawa answers, shaking his head. “You decided to use it, though, of your own free will. This time nine months ago, you wouldn’t have even considered doing that.”

Izuku frowns, pondering this. He feels the lingering exhaustion from the Quirk suppressants, even though he’d slept some in the infirmary, and there’s still static in his mind (small bits, at least), but Aizawa definitely has a point.

“...Guess you’re right,” Izuku says, nodding stiffly. “Maybe there’s a chance after all.”

Aizawa frowns at him, then turns back toward the hallway. “Aren’t you cheerful today.”

Izuku snorts. “Cheerful.”

“C’mon, Problem Child, don’t be like that. Tell me what’s the matter with you.”

“Nothing’s the matter,” Izuku insists, shaking his head. “Just, had a tiring day is all, it’s no big deal. I’m sure I’ll be better off tomorrow.”

Aizawa doesn’t seem convinced, but he’s learned by now that there’s no point in arguing with Izuku when he has his mind set on something. “If you say so,” he says, shaking his head, “but if you want to take a sick day tomorrow, don’t be afraid to. Stay home, cuddle your cats, do whatever, alright? You’re smart enough to afford a few off-days.”

Izuku considers this, then nods shakily. “I will. Thank you.”

Aizawa nods back. “I’ll let you go,” he says, stopping; Izuku stops a step or so ahead of him. “Your friend is waiting up for you, so go ahead home. Just don’t be afraid to not come in tomorrow. Give me a text or something ahead of time, and I’ll let the staff know. Alright?”

“Alright. Thank you, Sensei.”

“Yeah, just don’t forget what I said.”

Izuku nods again, and he and Aizawa go separate ways, Aizawa back further into the facility, and Izuku out the double doors and down the front steps. Kirishima is waiting for him, hands stuffed in his pockets, half-turned toward the horizon.

“Hey,” Kirishima says when he notices Izuku. He’s seemed distracted all day, which is fine; Izuku hasn’t been himself since the battle trial, either. “You ready?”

Izuku nods. He has the embroidered cat from Tsuyu in the front pocket of his blazer. He plans to ask Mom to iron it on tomorrow morning before school. “I’m ready. Let’s go.”

They start down the street, together. In complete, total silence.

“...Hey, buddy, is it okay if I stay with you tonight?”

Izuku turns to him, frowning. “We’re always okay with it, but why tonight?”

“‘Cause, I dunno, I wanna keep an eye on you,” Kirishima says, running a hand through his hair again. “You’ve been...acting pretty strange since the battle trial, Midoriya, so...I just, y’know. Just for my own peace of mind.”

Izuku wants to argue, but Kirishima’s concerns aren’t unfounded, and Izuku hasn’t actually had the mental will or strength to tell him the truth yet, so he nods and concedes.

“Alright. You can stay the night.”

Kirishima does a goofy fist-bump to the sky, and Izuku rolls his eyes. Kirishima starts talking about school and whatnot, rambling on about their classmates and their counter strategies against each other, and Izuku pretends to listen. He’d tried to at first, but that didn’t work, so now it’s just him pretending like he’s still paying attention.

He doesn’t know what it was about Bakugou’s words that cut him so deeply.

But they did.

Mom makes katsudon for dinner; Kirishima texts his parents, lets them know where he’s at (foster parents, Izuku thinks briefly; he never did have the chance to ask Kirishima more about his family. He should do that); he and Kirishima make plans to study more tomorrow evening after school. Kirishima sets himself up on the floor of Izuku’s bedroom with lots of blankets and pillows; Fiddlesticks slinks up to him, though he sits on Kirishima’s stomach instead of actually laying down and getting comfortable. Kirishima groans at that, and Izuku rolls his eyes again.

“Goodnight, dude,” Kirishima says eventually, when the lights are out and the multicolored nightlights flash against the walls. The glow-in-the-dark stars on the ceiling add a nice touch. “And, Midoriya...don’t be afraid to wake me up if you need me, okay? Please.”

Izuku’s first initial reaction is to lie and say that he’s fine, but he doesn’t. “...Okay. I will.”

Kirishima must sense the honesty in his tone, because he doesn’t keep insisting. “Alright. Goodnight.”

“Goodnight, Kiri-chan.”

Izuku pulls the blankets up to his chin, and the cats swarm around him. Rainbow in particular seems dead-set on getting as close to him as she can, and Izuku lifts an arm and lets her curl against his chest. After that, he shuts his eyes and tries to fall asleep.

He does. Eventually.

He’s being ripped apart. Torn apart from the inside out. Everything’s crashing down around him, he hears screaming—some of it’s from him, some of it’s from the villains—and he feels his skin tearing, he feels blood and tears on his face. His throat burns. Everything burns. Everything is black.

“Dammit, we have to get out of here! Hurry!”

They’re trying to escape.

They’re getting away.

They'r̡e g͟e͝tt͏in͞g away.͟

T̸̨he̸͜y͘͞'͘re̛ g͜͞e̶͘҉tt͡͡in͏̛͡g̴̡͢ ͟͠aw̴̢ąy͞.

T҉̵̢h҉̨͘͞͠e͟͡y̧̨͜͠͝'̵̢r̡̨͢e̡̛̕͡ ͟ģ̶̷͟͢e̢҉҉͝t҉͏͘ţ̷į̸̡͝͝n̶̸̵҉g̶̡̡͘ ̷̸͡a̵̸͟w̛͠͝a̶y̶͢͞.̶̨̧͝

He’s being torn apart still, but he feels himself moving. He feels weightless, like he’s being tugged forward by something, by some other force, but he’s aware that he wants to move. He’s aware that it’s his choice.

He’s aware that they’re getting away.

He’s aware that he can stop them.

He’s going to. He has to. They’re monsters, they’re murderers, they’re killers and they’re scary and they’re everything he’s ever feared, everything Ko-chan’s hated, everything he hates.

He’s still screaming, but it’s more out of anguish than of pain now. He won’t kill them, that’s one thing he won’t do, but he can stop them. He can stop them.

Ḩ̕͢͡e̵̶̷͝ ͟͝͝͏̶k͏̡̡͘n͏ǫ̨͠͠w̵̴͟͢͠s̷̵̢̧ ̛h̢͏e̷̡͝ ͏̛͜c҉̛͘͞a̷̕̕͡n̷̶ ̡̢͝s̡͢͏͡t̷̶͘͝o̸̡p̸̢̛͘ ̶̡͢͡͏t̷͢͠h̷̛ę͢m.͏̧ ͝҉

There’s something beating against his skin again. Trying to break free. He can’t see. He can barely hear anymore. Everything is ringing and everything is pain and anguish and torment and he hears the villains screaming from what feels like underwater.

He feels weightless, but he also feels like he’s drowning.

He’s drowning.

He’s surrounded by darkness and he’s alone and there’s a monster inside of him that will not die and there’s a monster in him that wants to kill them but he won’t. Ko-chan wouldn’t want him to. She wouldn’t want him to.

He fights. He screams and he doesn’t know what’s controlling him anymore, how he knows what he’s doing, but he fights and swings and utilizes this monster, weaponizes it in a way that makes him want to throw up, in a way he knows Ko-chan would hate.

"Bu̷t̵̷ ̸͡s͜h͏e'̸̴͞s̸͠ ͟n͝o̧t͢ ͏h̵e̵͝r҉͞e ͞a̵̕͝n̷y҉̕͡m̶̛ơ̴̴r͢͏͜e͏̛,̧͞ ͏i̡̕͝s͝ ̷̷s͟h̷͡͝e?"̴̷ ̸

S҉̛͢h̸͘͝e̷̵̢̨'̧͘͜͡͞s̴͡ ̸͠n̸͢o̴̡̕͟͢t͢͏ ̴͢h̵̴͘e̢͠҉͘͡r̸̵҉̵e̶̛̛ ҉͠a̢̛͘͝n̢̛͢͡y̶͡m̶͜͜o̸̵̷͝r̕͜ę̴̧.̸̴̨͘ ̕͜

He fights. He drags up this twisted power that doesn’t belong to him, and he fights.

He fights, and in his head, he hears the word threat, threat, threat, threat, threat, repeated like a broken record. They HURT HER, they KILLED HER, they’re MONSTERS, they’re THREATS, they have to PAY.

G҉̷ET͜ ̸R̸͘͞Į͘D͜ O̴F͠ T͢͡H͝Ȩ͜͞M̴͠.̷̡

G͏̶͝E̢͢T̷̨͟͜ ̢҉͡R͘͝͠I̧͝D̛͏ ̡O͟҉̢͘̕F͘͟ ͏T̶̸̡͞H̷̛͞͠E̵͡ ̸̵̸T̵͢͟͏HR҉͢E̡҉̵A͘͜TS̢͟͞.̴̡̨

Midoriya starts screaming without warning.

Eijirou is already a bit on edge sleeping here tonight, considering what’d happened at school earlier, but he’d thought it would be okay. After all, Inko-san is here, Midoriya has been doing better, he isn’t sick and he’s been doing good at school—up until today, anyway.

And that’s really the problem. ‘Up until today.’

Eijirou is on his feet the second the screaming starts. He’d been dead asleep before, but it’s like his body was anticipating this, because he’s rushing over before he even registers moving and then he’s grabbing Midoriya’s shoulder and shaking him, calling his name.

“Midoriya—hey, Midoriya!—”

He isn’t screaming anymore, thankfully, but his face is contorted in pain and he lashes out at different intervals. At one point, he makes to reach for one of his knives on the bedside table, but Kirishima links their fingers together to keep him from grabbing it. He doesn’t want a repeat of last time.

And then the static starts. Eijirou feels his mind begin to fill with it, and he’s forced to let Midoriya go (he grabs the knife and hurls it across the room) in favor of digging through the desk drawer for one of Midoriya’s syringes. He finds the stash easily, tucked away in the back of the drawer, and he grabs the first one he sees and returns to Midoriya’s side.

He hates doing this, but he knows he has to, and fighting through the static, he pins down Midoriya’s flailing arm and injects him with the suppressants.

He barely has a chance to finish before Midoriya’s eyes snap open, and for a second Eijirou thinks that maybe he has another knife stashed somewhere, but he doesn’t. He doesn’t do anything, actually. He stares up at the ceiling, irises more golden than green, and breathes heavily. That’s all he does.

“Hey, Midoriya—” Eijirou sets the syringe on the desk and sits on the edge of the bed, not knowing what to do. “Midoriya—” He grips his friend’s shoulder, gives him a small shake, “hey, talk to me, man—”

Midoriya doesn’t talk to him, but what he does do is push himself up on his elbows and puke over the side of the bed. Eijirou thanks his lucky stars he’s not a sympathetic vomiter, then takes Midoriya by the shoulders and steadies him until it ends.

“You’re okay, man, you’re okay—try to calm down, yeah?—Yeah, try to breathe, you’re okay, I’ve gotcha. You’re—Midoriya!?”

Midoriya slumps, and Eijirou barely has time to catch him. Midoriya is limp, like a ragdoll, and even though his eyes are open and he’s still breathing heavily, he isn’t moving anymore.

“Inko-san!” Eijirou shrieks, feeling stupid for not doing this before. “Inko-san! We need you!”

Midoriya doesn’t react to his shouting at all, which may be the scariest part about this. He stays a dead weight against Eijirou’s chest, and Eijirou puts his arms around him and prays Inko heard him.

The door bangs the wall a few moments later, and Eijirou’s head snaps up as Inko rushes in. The relief crashes over Eijirou like a wave, but it’s not over yet.  

“H-He started screaming,” Eijirou says quickly, filling her in while she hurries over. He hates that his voice shakes. “I didn’t know what to do so I gave him one of his Quirk suppressants, but now he won’t respond to anything.”

Inko avoids the puddle on the floor and sits on the edge of the bed, brow furrowed, eyes on Izuku. Eijirou is glad for her calm, controlled demeanor, because he kind of feels like he’s going to start crying right about now.

“Let me take him,” Inko says, already holding out her arms, and Eijirou nods and hands Midoriya over. Inko wraps him in her arms immediately, holding him close, but he still doesn’t respond. He doesn’t speak, he doesn’t react, he doesn’t move. He’s still awake, his eyes are open, but he may as well be unconscious.

“Izuku, say something,” Inko says, stroking Midoriya’s face and hair gently. “It’s okay, you’re safe, you’re away from them. It’s okay.”

Inko is taking this all in stride, like it’s happened before, but Eijirou doesn’t miss the pain and the worry in her eyes.

Midoriya still doesn’t respond. He stares at nothing, completely unaware of what’s going on around him, and—

Inko realizes it the same moment Eijirou does.

Midoriya isn’t breathing.

Eijirou’s heartrate skyrockets, and Inko shouts Midoriya’s name louder, this time shaking him and snapping by his ear. It doesn’t work, nothing changes, and Inko finally retracts her hand and strikes him between the shoulder blades.

This does garner a reaction, and Midoriya sucks in a long breath, then launches into what sounds like a painful coughing fit. Inko and Eijirou both release huge sighs of relief, and now that it seems the danger has passed, Eijirou feels lightheaded and disoriented.

Midoriya stops coughing eventually,though he still breathes as though he’d just resurfaced from being underwater, and he blinks half-lidded eyes up at Inko first, then over at Eijirou. He doesn’t say anything, but he inches his hand forward, reaching for him, and Eijirou meets him halfway, linking their fingers together again. When Midoriya gazes into his eyes, Eijirou sees deep pain ebbed in his stare, so deep and intense that Eijirou is taken aback by it. For someone so small in stature and young in age, Midoriya’s eyes look like they hold hundreds of years worth of pain.

They’re still golden, too. There’s a single splotch of green in each of them, but aside from that, they’re a molten, shining gold.

He doesn’t say anything. He shuts his eyes, his heavy breathing slowly evens out, his fingers loosen around Kirishima’s, and then that’s the end of that.

“His Quirk suppressants usually knock him out,” Inko says finally, after what feels like an eternity of silence. Her voice shakes a little, but turns very business-like a moment later. “He can’t sleep in here tonight, I’ll have to clean up and air out the room, would you mind taking him to the couch?”

Eijirou nods. “Yeah, I’ll take him.” He holds out his arms again, and Inko passes Midoriya to him slowly. Midoriya stirs for a second, but settles down again immediately afterwards.

“You got him?” Inko asks, rising to her feet, and Eijirou nods, settling one arm beneath Midoriya’s knees and the other around his shoulders. Inko nods her acknowledgement, and while she heads into the bathroom to gather cleaning supplies, Eijirou rises to his feet, taking Midoriya with him.

Midoriya is naturally small and still considerably underweight, so it’s less like carrying a teenager and more like carrying a ten year old. Eijirou almost trips over the cats at least seven times on his way to the living room; they’re all curled around his ankles, making sure he knows just how annoyed they are that he’s carrying their beloved, and he tries not to step on them and settles Midoriya on the couch as gently as he can.  

“Okay…” Eijirou goes down a mental checklist in his head, then turns and makes to leave. “Blankets, I should find some blankets—”

Fingers snake out and curl around his wrist, and Eijirou jumps, whirling back around. Midoriya’s eyes are open, cat-like golden in the darkness and filled with a panic Eijirou doesn’t know how to properly describe. His grip around Eijirou’s wrist is weak, and it wouldn’t be hard to jerk away, but Eijirou doesn’t have the heart.

“K-Kirishima—d-don’t leave me alone,” he strains. His eyes are dry, but it sounds like he could start crying any moment now. “I can’t, please—please don’t—I’m scared, I can’t, I’m scared—”

“I’m not going anywhere, it’s fine,” Eijirou says, trying to keep his tone light. Freaking out now will do more harm than good. “I’m here, okay? I’m not leaving, ever.”

It’s like Midoriya doesn’t hear him. He holds Eijirou’s wrist tighter, and under his breath he murmurs the words, “I’m scared, I’m scared, I’m scared,” just like that in rapid session.

“What is it?” Eijirou asks, because if he knows exactly what’s wrong then maybe he can fix it. “What’s scaring you? What are you afraid of?”

Midoriya chokes out a dry, strangled sob. “Myself.”

Eijirou’s heart seizes in his chest, and for a while, he has nothing to say. He doesn’t know what Midoriya saw in that whatever it was, dream, flashback, memory—but it was bad, worse than the first time, and there has to be something he can do. He’s a hero now; if he can’t even help his best friend now, then what’s the point?

“Hey, scoot over a sec.”

Midoriya does so, and Eijirou squeezes onto the couch with him. It’s a tight fit, especially considering Midoriya immediately curls into a fetal position and buries his face in Eijirou’s chest, but it’s fine. The cats finally decide to jump onto the couch with them, almost completely covering Midoriya in their warmth. They’re purring and nuzzling him; one of them is licking his face.

Eijirou had always thought that the cats saw Midoriya as something of a guardian, maybe a parent, but no, that’s not it. In their eyes, he’s their kitten.

Eijirou eventually manages to detangle himself from Midoriya’s arms and the cats once Midoriya has fallen into a deeper sleep (most likely induced by the Quirk suppressants, which Eijirou is happy for, but it also makes him kind of sad), and he heads back into Midoriya’s room. Inko is in the bathroom, washing her hands, and Eijirou can’t help but feel like he’s being constantly hit by a freight train.

“Inko-san...has...has that ever happened before?”

Inko stiffens, then grasps the edge of the bathroom counter for support and draws in a long breath.

“No.” Her voice is thick. “No, it hasn’t. Did something happen earlier? Something I don’t know about?”

“I don’t know,” Eijirou answers, shaking his head. “I really, really don’t know. I just, we have this classmate who’s...kinda forward. Really short temper. He and Midoriya were pitted against each other for a battle trial, and...I don’t know what he said, no one does, and Midoriya won’t tell me, but…I don’t know, he actually used his Quirk earlier during the trial, and he used a Quirk suppressant then—”

Inko spins towards him, eyes wide. “He’s already had one dosage today?”

“Yeah, he—wait.” Eijirou’s heart begins to pound again. “Wait, was he—is that—did I—”

“No, no, it’s alright,” Inko says immediately, reaching towards him and settling her hand on his shoulder. “It’s alright. He would’ve turned it in on himself if you didn’t inject him. It is true that several doses in a short period of time can be dangerous, but...this happened earlier, you said?”

“Yeah, after lunch, so maybe...two in the afternoon?”

“Then I’m sure it’s fine,” Inko says, nodding. “Just, I’ll wake him up every now and then to make sure he’s okay. Thanks for…” She wipes her eyes for a moment. “Thanks for doing all of this for him, and for being here with him no matter what, Eijirou-kun. I’ll ask Izuku about what happened tomorrow. I’m—I’m sorry you keep having to see him in pain like this, but—”

“No, it’s…it’s fine.” Eijirou takes in a breath, lets it out slowly. “It’s fine, he can’t help it. I’m glad I was here.”

Inko turns to him with a soft, sad smile, then nods. “I’m glad you were here, too. And I know Izuku is.”

“Hey—Hey, buddy, wake up.”

Izuku’s shoulder is nudged, and he blinks his eyes open slowly, feeling more drained and exhausted than ever. He’s curled up against Kirishima’s side on the couch; Kirishima is laying on his back, pointing a flashlight upwards.

“Sorry, dude, but we gotta make sure your Quirk suppressants don’t keep you out for good,” Kirishima murmurs, voice barely rising above a whisper. Izuku is aware of the weight of his cats a few moments later, curled against him or on top of him. “Buddy, check this out.”

Izuku glances upwards at the ceiling. There’s a ring of light from the flashlight Kirishima holds, and with Kirishima’s other hand, he’s making odd shapes that come up as goofy-looking animals in the shadow of the light.

“See? It’s a dog. I know you’re more of a cat person, but I can’t figure out how to do a cat yet, and I’m too scared of Fistfight to try using her to make a shadow. But, look—I can do a parrot—and a crab—wait, it looks like a spider, sorry—are you afraid of spiders, dude? Hell, I sure am—Oh, look, look, I can do this. This kind of looks like a cat...no, it’s more like a dog again. Sorry—”

Izuku watches him for a while longer, then turns and buries his face against Kirishima’s neck. Kirishima falls silent. He lowers the flashlight, and his arm comes around Izuku’s shoulders, pulling him closer.

“It’s okay, buddy,” Kirishima murmurs, and Izuku draws in a shuddering breath and lets it out as a dry sob. “It’s okay…”
Notes:

    I wasn't originally planning on posting this, but I actually was able to get a couple chapters written this week leading up to my surgery, so I wanted to give this to y'all. Sorry for not getting around to replying to comments this time either. I love you guys, and thank you all so much for all the support and for all the well-wishes and good lucks! By the time a lot of you read this I'll be at the hospital for my procedure, so, yeah!!

    Thanks for everything, you guys! <3 See you on the flipside!

Chapter 14
Notes:

    HEY SO
    I'M OK!! :D The surgery went FANTASTICALLY, I'm recovering well and finally starting to feel like myself again, and everything's going great!! Thank you all so much for your support and for being patient with me!! I wasn't able to respond to comments this time around but thank you!! :D

    Aaaand, *flops on the floor* there's so much art, I'm dead, thank you all so much.

    verassi

    the-winter-witch-kate

    icanceledart

    good-night-starshine

    Another by good-night-starshine

    Thank you you're all amazing. Enjoy the chapter!! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

The night isn’t rough, but it isn’t easy, either. Inko has to keep waking Izuku periodically to ensure that he actually can wake up, and then she has to check his temperature, and then she lets him sleep again, and then she has to repeat it all about an hour later. Eijirou does whatever he can, bless his soul, but that mostly consists of trying to keep Izuku awake and occupied while Inko bustles about.

Eijirou only falls asleep after hours of staying up with Inko. It’s practically morning by the time he finally gets some sleep, laying on the couch with Izuku glued to his side. Inko is grateful for Eijirou, but she wishes he doesn’t have to go through this.

She wishes he and Izuku didn’t have to go through this.

At around three in the morning, shortly after Eijirou falls asleep, that Inko decides to get some shut-eye herself. Izuku seems fine; he didn’t take the Quirk suppressants one after the other, and he’d been coherent every time he was awake, so she isn’t too worried about that. After setting her alarm, she covers Eijirou and Izuku with a blanket (and subsequently Izuku’s eleven cats, too, who are snuggling him) and retreats into her own bedroom to try and get some sleep.

When Izuku wakes up, Kirishima isn’t there.

He sits up, jostling his cats in the progress, who for once don’t seem to mind getting disturbed. They meow at him a bit, either in greeting or because they’re frustrated, then go right back to snoozing.

Izuku takes a long time to sit and stare, waiting for his vision to clear. Last night was...it feels really surreal, actually. All of it. But he remembers the flashback with a startling amount of clarity, despite the Quirk suppressants he’d taken right afterwards, which fogged the rest of his memory from last night.

He thought he’d forgotten what’d happened.

He gets to his feet, apologizing to his cats quietly, and crosses the hall toward his room. He stumbles a bit, unsteady, but ultimately makes it there without too much of a hassle. Kirishima isn’t here, either, which leads Izuku to think he’s either talking with Mom somewhere or in the kitchen making breakfast. Or both.

His cats don’t stay on the couch, and once they file into his room, mrowing proudly now that they’ve found him, he shuts his bedroom door behind him and leans against it for a long time, breathing. He doesn’t know what he’s feeling or what he should be feeling, emotion-wise; physically, though, he feels sick. Exhausted.

He drags himself upright after a few more minutes, then heads toward his closet. Might as well get ready for today.

Roughly ten minutes later, the door creaks open. “Dude, I didn’t know you were awake— dude what are you doing.”

“Getting ready,” Izuku says flatly, buttoning his blazer. He’s wearing a bright blue shirt underneath it this time, since all his tie-dye is in the laundry. “We have school in an hour.”

Kirishima’s eyes blow wide. “Wait, are you kidding me?” Kirishima crosses the room, pulls Izuku’s wrist away from the buttons. “Dude, last night was horrible. You couldn’t sleep—”

“That’s normal.”

“You can’t look me in the eyes and tell me what happened last night was normal.”

“It’s my normal.”

“That hasn’t happened in months, Midoriya, literal months. That was bad, that was really bad, I’m not gonna just—what, you think I’m gonna just let you go to school like everything is okay? What about your mom? Do you really think she’s going to let you?”

“Kiri-chan, please.”

“No, no way.” Kirishima shakes his head adamantly. “You had to take two doses of Quirk suppressants yesterday, Midoriya, two. What if something happens today at school, too? What if Bakugou says something that gets under your skin?”

“Bakugou is going to be there tomorrow, Kiri-chan. Me skipping today won’t change when he is and isn’t there, and he’s always going to have it in for me at this point.”

“That’s not it,” Kirishima tells him, irritated now. “If you’d just listen to me for a second—”

Izuku pulls a sheathed knife from his pocket and presses it into Kirishima’s hands. “I’ll give you this if you let it go.”

“You’ll—” Kirishima stares down at the knife. “Dude, no, you’re missing the point.”

“Well keep the knife anyway. Think of it as a gift from me.”

“You’re trying to change the subject.”  

“I’m trying to give you a present.”

“Dude.” Kirishima puts his free hand on Izuku’s shoulder heavily. “Just... listen to me for a second. Please.”

“...Okay.”

Kirishima lets him go. “I’m not saying Bakugou won’t be there tomorrow, or the next day; I’m talking about you and your health and you staying home and resting, just in case.”

Izuku won’t lie, he hasn’t felt this bad in a very long time. That thing he’d seen last night, that memory...he’d forgotten it. Whether or not he’d forgotten it due to his injuries, or whether he’d blotted it from his own mind, intentionally erasing it...he has no idea.

It wouldn’t surprise him if he did, though. Try to erase it from his memory.

“Kirishima...I get that you’re worried,” Izuku says heavily, “and, yeah, I’m...I’m exhausted.”

“See!?” Kirishima gestures at him, still holding the knife. “That’s what I’m saying!”

“But,” Izuku goes on, turning towards his friend, “if this is my bad normal, then I want U.A. to be my good normal. If I go there today, then...then it’s almost like nothing happened, you know? I want that.”

Kirishima quiets, then lets out a huge sigh, lowering his hands. “Yeah, I get it, but, Midoriya…these things...they happen, man. It’s not your fault they happen, but they do, and you can’t...you can’t pretend nothing’s wrong. Don’t do that.”

Izuku wants to argue, but at this point, there’s no reason to. Kirishima’s words hold some merit to them, so Izuku doesn’t brush them off.

“You’re right,” he relents with a heaving sigh. “You’re right, I just—please, I really do want to go today. I don’t want my past to bleed into my present anymore and ruin the things I actually do love. Besides...” He bends down, scoops Rainbow into his arms. “Aizawa-sensei said I could leave her in the teacher’s lounge during class and he’d look after her.”

“Oh, erm, that was nice of him…” Kirishima stops, and then, his eyes blow wide. “WAIT, does that mean you got caught!?”

“‘Caught’ is...not really the right word for it,” Izuku says, shifting his weight. “More like, he knew it from the get-go.”

“Oh good grief…” Kirishima sighs, but it doesn’t last long. “Listen, man, if you go to school today, I’m gonna hound you so bad.”

“Valid.”

“Dude, no, I mean, it’s going to be really annoying.”

“Okay.”

“I’m going to make you go to Recovery Girl’s office every hour on the hour.”

“Slightly less okay, but okay.”

“I’m gonna make you eat a good lunch too.”

“Somebody should, so thanks.”

“Midoriya—”   Kirishima raises a finger, stops, then sighs and drops it. “There’s really nothing I can say that’ll make you change your mind, is there?”

“Nope.” Rainbow meows, too, as though agreeing. Kirishima groans under his breath, shakes his head, but relents.

“I dunno about Inko-san,” Kirishima says, “but if you really wanna go so badly, then, I guess...I guess I can’t really stop you, anyway.”

“You’re right.” Rainbow squirms, and Izuku settles her on his shoulder, where she sits proudly. “I’ll ask Mom when she wakes up.”

“Ask me what?”

Izuku and Kirishima turn. Mom is leaning against the doorway, arms crossed over her chest, expression hard to read. She seems a mixture of exhausted, concerned, and agitated.

Izuku goes to her, stepping into her arms when she opens them to him. He knows she’s worried, and she has every right to be, and honestly, if she tells him not to go to school, well, he won’t argue with her. He’s put her through enough as it is.

“You want to go to school?” she says, pulling away, and Izuku nods.

“I do,” he says, looking down at the ground. He can be stubborn with Kirishima, but Mom is different. “I really, really want to.”

Mom bites her lip, torn, then raises her head toward Kirishima still standing on the other side of the room. “You’ll be with him, I’m guessing.”

“Oh, yeah, definitely.” Kirishima steps up, puts his hand in Izuku’s line of sight, then settles it on Izuku’s shoulder. “I’ll keep an eye out for him, for sure. And if I think something’s wrong, I’ll tell a teacher and call you to come pick him up.”

Mom nods, then shifts her gaze back to Izuku. “I don’t like it,” she tells him, “and you know I don’t, Izuku.”

“I do.”

“But, if it means that much to you, and if you think it’ll do more good than harm...then I don’t mind you going. Just…” She stops, takes a breath, lets it out. “Promise me you’ll let Eijirou take care of you and call me if something happens, alright?”

“I promise,” Izuku says, and although his tone remains the same, he’s elated. “Thank you, Inko-san.”

She smiles at him, hugs both him and Kirishima at once, then sends them off.

Rainbow rides in Izuku’s backpack again, meowing periodically and poking her head out of a small spot Izuku left unzipped for her. Izuku isn’t as worried about her making noise now as he was before; Aizawa told him he could bring her, if he left her in the teacher’s lounge, so he isn’t doing anything wrong, here. Plus, the goofy little cartoon cat from Tsuyu is pinned to the front of Izuku’s blazer with a pin; a temporary fix until Mom can iron it on permanently. Despite what happened last night, Izuku is happy.

“...Seriously, Midoriya, do you want the knife back?”

“No,” Izuku answers without hesitation. “Think of it as a token of our friendship.”

“...A knife.”

“I don’t know what else to give you.”

Kirishima sighs, but smiles. “Well,” he says, “I’m touched. Thanks. I’ll treasure it always.”

Izuku nods back at him, and they walk on in silence silent for a time.

“Hey, dude, I’ve got a question for you.”

Izuku turns to him. “What up.”

“I’ve kinda been wondering this for a long time now, but…” Kirishima rubs the back of his neck, awkward. “When you’re telling me about her or talking about her, you always call Inko-san ‘mom’ or ‘my mom.’”

“Yes. That’s because she’s my mom.”

“Yeah, I know, but like...you don’t actually call her mom, when you’re talking to her.”

Izuku pauses, looks away. It only makes sense that Kirishima would pick up on this, especially after they’ve known each other for almost a full year now, and it’s not like Kirishima to keep things to himself for very long.  

“I was just wondering if there was a reason for it, y’know? And if you don’t wanna tell me that’s fine!” Kirishima says this quickly, waving his hands back and forth. “You don’t have to tell me anything, I was just wondering.”

“No, it’s fine.” Izuku stares at the sidewalk before them for a while longer. “There’s no big reason for it or anything. I guess I might have harbored feelings towards my birth mother for abandoning me and Kowareta like she did, but I never knew her anyway, and Inko-san is my actual mother now, so there’s no reason why I’d make the connection, I just...I don’t know why.”

“Hmm…” Kirishima sighs, then shakes his head. “I guess I can’t say I know how you feel. I was never upset at my parents for abandoning me, but then again, I always had a loving family from the very beginning, so it’s not like they threw me into a terrible situation like yours—” He freezes, then turns to Izuku wide-eyed. “I’ve said too much, haven’t I.”

“No, you’re fine. We’re discussing it.”

“But, it just—talking about it kinda feels…”

“Kiri-chan, it sucks, but it’s my past now. My past. I really don’t mind talking about it.”

Kirishima sighs, shakes his head, but he doesn’t bring it up again. They walk on for a while longer, towards the train station—except, that’s when Kirishima takes Izuku’s wrist and turns to him with a wild, mischievous grin.

“Hey, buddy, what do you say to running by the soda shop and grabbing one of our usuals before school?”

Izuku blinks. “Do we have time?”

“Only one way to find out.” And before Izuku has the chance to respond, Kirishima is dragging him down a side-street towards the soda shop.

“We’re late we’re late we’re freaking late—!”

“I told you this was a bad idea,” Izuku laments, running just slightly behind Kirishima. He can’t quite keep up with him. “‘Let’s get a soda,’ he said. ‘I’ll run in real quick and grab two to go,’ he said. ‘This won’t take more than ten seconds,’ he said.”

“Midoriya.”

“He lied.”

“You aren’t helping.”

“—he said, and wondered why we’re still friends.”

“Crap, okay, we’re almost there,” Kirishima pants, raising a finger to point as he runs. “As long as we get there before Aizawa-sensei—” And then, he stops, and drops his arm back down to his side. “Oh, dagnabbit.”

Izuku stops beside him and leans on his knees, breathing hard. “He’s walking into the building right now, isn’t he.”

“Yep.” Kirishima’s eyes are wide. “Dude, man, we are so screwed.”

“At least the soda was good.”

“I don’t think you realize how screwed we are.”

Izuku finally straightens up and looks ahead, just as Aizawa disappears into the building. Afterwards, Izuku raises his head, looking up at the high window of Class 1-A.

“...Hey Kiri-chan.”

He drags two forearm-length knives from two sheathes in his pockets. Kirishima jumps.

“HOW LONG HAVE YOU HAD THOSE!?”

“That doesn’t matter,” Izuku says, jogging forward. “What does matter is whether or not you can scale a building in under two minutes.”

Kirishima’s eyes go wider. “Dude I’m sorry but what the actual hell?”  

Izuku responds by digging his knives into the side of the building. It’s a sturdy structure, and he doubts anyone would notice. If they get in trouble, well, he’ll take the fall for it.

“Let’s go,” Izuku says, and swings himself further upwards. Kirishima begins to shout something after him, but stops at the last second and hardens his hands and feet with his Quirk.

“I really hate you sometimes, I swear!”

“Save it for when we’re in prison together.”

Aizawa had told him to avoid reckless endeavors, but Izuku wasn’t one to take things like that literally. If anything, it was worth it to see the look on Sero’s face as he leapt from his seat, swore loudly in shock, then swung over to open the window. Izuku and Kirishima tumble inside together, then scramble to their feet and race for their desks.

Everyone else is sitting where they’re not supposed to; Tokoyami is perched on a desk, Bakugou is hanging over his, Uraraka, Tsuyu, Ashido, and a few others of the girls are chatting together in a circle—all eyes turn towards Izuku and Kirishima while they make their mad dash for their desks.

“What was that!?” Ashido shrieks, eyes wide as she stares. “What’s the hurry, you two!? Couldn’t you have taken the front door!?”

“Aizawa’s coming!” Kirishima shouts, eyes wide with horror.

And then the rest of the class is mirroring Kirishima’s movements, running and scrambling and whooping. They manage to get themselves into their seats before their assigned desks mere moments before the door swings open and Aizawa steps inside.

“Well, what do you know.” Aizawa shuts the door behind him and crosses over to the desk. “You’re all in your seats. That’s a first.”

Izuku and Kirishima are still breathing heavily, but the urge to laugh is almost overwhelming.

“Midoriya, hang back a bit. I need to speak with you.”

“Okay,” Izuku says, curious. “I’ll catch up with you later,” he tells Tsuyu, Uraraka, Kirishima and Kouda when they wait by the door. “I’ll see you after.”

Uraraka nods, and she and the others head off while Izuku turns back to Aizawa. Aizawa generally looks unamused, but there’s something deep and hard about his expression now that almost makes Izuku feel guilty.

“You look horrible,” Aizawa tells him frankly, holding nothing back. “I don’t know what happened last night, or what it is you’re not telling anyone, but just looking at you makes it obvious.”

Izuku swallows hard. He knows Kirishima had noticed, and Mom had noticed; his new classmates haven’t known him nearly long enough to notice, yet, but Aizawa certainly has. He should’ve known.

“...Yes.” Izuku shifts his weight. “Last night was...I didn’t sleep. I had to take another dosage of Quirk suppressants.”

“A second one.”

Izuku nods.

“Yeah, that’s not good,” AIzawa says, shaking his head. “Why are you even at school today?”

“I wanted to be here. It helps.”

Aizawa doesn’t argue. He doesn’t even sigh. “Alright,” he says, “but come get me if something happens. Hell, get All Might if you see him first. The teachers here know bits and pieces of your situation, but they don’t know everything.”

“I understand.” Izuku nods, bows shortly. “Thank you, Aizawa-sensei.”

“Yeah, it’s fine.” Aizawa shakes his head, then holds out a hand. “Alright, I know you have your cat with you. I’ll take them for now. You can come by the teacher’s lounge during breaks and see them.”

Izuku nods and slips off his backpack, setting it on the nearest desk. He tugs open the zipper, pulls it open.

Aizawa lets out the biggest sigh Izuku has ever, ever heard. From anyone.

“Midoriya. Are you. Kidding me.”

“They were in the alley by the soda shop, I couldn’t just leave them there all alone.” A beat. “Don’t tell Kirishima.”  

Aizawa pinches the bridge of his nose and shakes his head. “This is why you’re the Problem Child. It’s not even because of your past, it’s because you’re a damn cat magnet.”

“Can you still take care of them?” Izuku asks, turning towards him with wide eyes. “I can’t carry them around with me now, they’re little and they make too much noise.”

Aizawa doesn’t seem especially thrilled, but he doesn’t say no. “Yeah, I’ll take them, I’ll take them,” he says. “I’m also taking them to see if they’ve got worms or something after school. I don’t know how your mother lets you keep doing this.”

“She’s a cat person at heart,” Izuku says, peering into his backpack. Rainbow is licking them, each in turn; two gray little kitties about the size of Izuku’s fist. “She’d deny it, but she is.”

Aizawa sighs. “I think it’s more of her being an ‘Izuku’ person, but either way, I’ll look after them for you. I can take them to the vet sometime tonight, too.”

“Okay.” Izuku hands Rainbow and the two new kittens over, carefully, and Aizawa takes the three of them into his arms. “Thank you.”

“Don’t mention it, just go catch up with your classmates.”

Izuku snatches his backpack off the desk and heads off.

“Wait, Midoriya, one more thing.”

He pauses, turns around. “What is it?”

“Here.” Aizawa grabs a pack of something off the desk with his free hand and holds it out to him. “Post-it notes. I’ve spoken to the other teachers about this as well, but if something happens during class, if you have a flashback or something is triggered, stick one at the top of your desk. They won’t call on you as long as there’s one there.”

Izuku takes the sticky notes and studies them. They’re in all different colors, blues and greens and reds and yellows; some of them actually have little cat designs on them.

“Thank you,” Izuku says, raising his head. “Thank you so much.”

“It’s like I said, don’t mention it. Now go find your friends.”

Izuku spins on his heel and retreats, taking the post-its and leaving the cats in Aizawa’s care.

Izuku has to use a post-it note once in English class; true to Aizawa’s word, the teacher didn’t call on Izuku once, which Izuku appreciated more than words could properly express. It’s one thing to have problems, but it’s another thing to have those problems acknowledged by those over him who could help him get through them. It means a lot.

Now he’s sitting with Kirishima, Kouda, Tsuyu, and Uraraka at lunch. Izuku notices Todoroki sitting at a table by himself, and a part of Izuku wants to go talk to him, but he’s still reeling over the whole “threat” incident and doesn’t want to approach him until he knows the situation a little better.

Iida is sitting alone, too, but not for long. Uraraka quickly waves him over with a smile, and eventually, after nods from Uraraka and shakes from Iida, Iida relents and takes his tray to their table.

“Afternoon,” Iida says, sitting beside Uraraka, who scoots over to make room. On Uraraka’s side are her, Tsuyu, and Iida; on Izuku’s side is himself, Kirishima and Kouda. “I don’t know why you invited me over, but…”

“You did good at the combat training yesterday!” Uraraka says, beaming at him. “You got super into it, Iida! I just wanted to make sure there weren’t any hard feelings, y-y’know?”

“Hard feelings?” Iida frowns deeply. “It was a training match. Why would you think I harbored hard feelings towards you?”

“Because…” Uraraka jabs her thumb over her shoulder without looking. Bakugou is sitting by himself, shoulders hunched. “I tried saying hi to him earlier and all I got was a, ‘Get lost, Angel Face.’”

If he wants to be that way, then let him be that way, Kouda says firmly with a smile. He can’t put a damper on our style unless we let him.

Uraraka, Iida, and Tsuyu all stare at him, wondering.

“He basically said that Bakugou can’t ruin our lives unless we let him,” Kirishima translates roughly, then looks to Izuku for approval. Izuku nods.

“Speaking of, what did you think of the combat training, Midoriya?” Iida asks, setting down his chopsticks momentarily. “You certainly took me out a lot faster than I thought you would. You’re very experienced. I’d like to hear your thoughts.”

Izuku pushes a grain of rice around his plate for a moment. “I think,” he says, raising his head, “that I’d like you all to call me Izuku.”

Kirishima chokes, then slams his cup down on the table, coughing and spluttering. The others have their own reactions; Iida stares, blank, Uraraka blinks feverishly, and Kouda keeps raising and dropping his hands, almost like he’s stammering. The only one who doesn’t seem the least bit surprised is Tsuyu.

“What?” Izuku asks, frowning. “It’s a simple request, don’t you think?”

“Yes, but…” Iida  blinks, still startled. “We just got to know each other. We’re barely friends yet. Don’t you think it’s a little early to be on a first-name basis?”

Tsuyu raises a hand. “I’m on a first-name basis with everyone,” she supplies. “I think it’s sweet. Can I call you Izu-chan?”

Izuku turns to her, nodding. “Definitely. And can I call you Tsuyu-chan?”

“I’d prefer that, actually.”

“Okie dokie.”  

“Well, if it’s what you’d prefer, then I will call you Izuku,” Iida says, nodding and straightening his glasses. “If you change your mind, let me know.”

“I’d say you can call me Eijirou,” Kirishima says, “but you already have that little nickname for me.”

I’ll call you Izuku, Kouda says, smiling warmly. I like that name a lot.

Thank you, Izuku says. He’d picked the name himself when he was nine, so hearing that makes him really happy.

“You can call me Ochako,” Uraraka says, beaming. “This is really sweet, actually! It’s like we’re best friends already!”

Izuku feels something stir in his chest. Something warm. He nods. “I look forward to getting to know you all better.”  

“You too!” Ochako says, smiling brighter, if that’s even a thing that’s possible. The others follow her lead, and they continue on through lunch without incident. The warmth in Izuku’s chest still hasn’t died.

The bell rings eventually, summoning the students back to their class, and once their trays are taken care of, Izuku and his small little group of friends (he thinks he’s okay to call them his friends now, but he’s not certain yet) head back towards Class 1-A. Ochako and Tsuyu are chatting about something up ahead while everyone else listens, and Izuku contemplates visiting Rainbow and the other two kittens in the teacher’s lounge.

“Hold on, I forgot something,” Kirishima says unexpectedly, stopping. The others stop a few steps ahead of him and turn. “Go on ahead without me, I’ll catch up with y’all later.”

Izuku frowns, sensing something amiss. The others don’t.

“Alright,” Tsuyu says, waving a hand. “See you back at class. Don’t be late again.”

“You got it.” Kirishima flashes the group a grin and a thumbs up before taking off down the hall again. Iida hollers after him not to run, but that’s not what Izuku’s concerned with.

That wasn’t a real smile. Kirishima is hiding something.

“Hey, Bakugou. I wanna talk to you for a second.”

Bakugou turns to him, glaring. “What do you want?” he questions, hands stuffed deep into his pockets. “I don’t have all day, Weird Hair.”

“My name is Kirishima,” Eijirou says, resisting the urge to glare. “I wanna ask you something.”

“Hurry up.”

“What exactly did you say to Midoriya yesterday during the battle trial?”

“Ha?” Bakugou does glare at him, stepping forward. “What’s it to you, huh? Why do you care?”

“Because he’s my best friend,” Eijirou snaps. “He’s my best friend, and you said something yesterday that really tore him up. I wanna know what you said. Now.”

“And what makes you think I’m just gonna tell you?” Bakugou questions. He’s dropped some of his casual demeanor now, holding his hands at his sides, fists balled. “He was a coward. All I did was call him out.”

“That doesn’t answer my question.”

Bakugou’s eye twitches, and he takes another step forward. “You talk a lot, don’tcha. Why don’t you go ahead and back down before you make a mistake.”

“Is that a threat?” Eijirou takes three whole steps forward, closing the distance between the two of them until they’re eye level, inches away. “Do you think you scare me, Bakugou? Do you really think I’m intimidated by you?”

Bakugou’s glare darkens. “And what the hell is that supposed to mean, huh, Weird Hair?”

“You don’t scare me, Bakugou,” Eijirou grinds out lowly. “I know scary. And you don’t have his eyes.”

He doesn’t wait for Bakugou to respond. He leaves.

“What was that about?”

Eijirou freezes; Midoriya (Izuku, he has to remind himself of that) is leaning against the wall, arms crossed, eyes bearing straight into Eijirou’s like he’s searching his soul.

“Oh, erm…” Eijirou knows he’s better off not lying, and he rubs the back of his neck. “How much did you hear?”

“I didn’t hear anything,” Izuku answers flatly. His stance and his stare don’t change. “I only eavesdrop when it’s worth it. What’s up?”

“Oh, just...I asked Bakugou what he said to you yesterday,” Eijirou relents, shaking his head. “Sorry, man, I just...I wanted to know. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about it all day.”

Izuku’s body language stays the same, but his expression softens. “It’s really not that big of a deal,” he says, uncrossing his arms and standing up straight. “He called me Deku, and I reacted badly.”

“‘Deku’?”

Izuku flinches.

“Okay, sorry, sorry, I won’t say it again,” Eijirou amends quickly, waving his hands about. “Sorry, Mid—Izuku.”

“It’s...it’s fine.” It doesn’t seem fine, but Eijirou really doesn’t feel like arguing, and it would seem, neither does Izuku. “Let’s go. The others are waiting for us.”

“R-Right.” Eijirou nods, and when Izuku heads off, he follows closely.

The school day ends uneventfully, and Tsuyu is packing up her books to go home after their final class of the day. Everyone else is already filing out the door, some chatting, some silent. Tsuyu herself is internally beaming from ear to ear. Only a few days into school and she’s already met a lot of really cool people. Izu-chan was even wearing the embroidered cat she’d gotten for him, which made her entire day that much brighter. She hopes to become close friends with each of them, somehow. Maybe she’ll even learn Sign Language for Kouda—

She isn’t paying attention to what she’s doing and drops one of her school books. With a quiet mutter of disdain, she reaches down to pick it up.

That’s when she notices that the book has opened down the middle, revealing a small, cartoon-y embroidered frog with big, dorky eyes and a goofy smile with its tongue between its lips. Tsuyu stares at it for the longest of times—and then, she smiles and picks it and the book up.

She secures the little embroidered frog to the pocket of her blazer with a bobbypin, then gathers her remaining supplies into her backpack and leaves with the other students. She catches Izuku’s eyes for a moment; he looks down at the embroidered frog, then back up at her smiling face.

He doesn’t smile back at her, but his eyes light up in a way she’s never seen before.

Izuku pushes the front door open quietly and steps inside. Rainbow is on his shoulder; the other little kittens, back from their trip with Aizawa to the vet, are nestled in his arms.

“Inko-san?”

“I’m in the living room, Izuku! Welcome back!”

Izuku shuffles down the hallway tentatively and pokes his head into the living area. Mom is sitting at the table, going over a binder full of papers.

“Inko-san...would you be mad if I told you something?”

Mom turns to him with a frown—and then, judging by the look on her face—a combination of shock and horror—she realizes.

“...Izuku.”

“Their names are Shiny and Diamond.”

“Izuku.”

“I love them.”

“Izuku.”

When Tenya gets home that afternoon, it’s with a heavy heart and a racing mind. The Iida family home is a spacious one; his family has never been one to flaunt their good fortune with a fancy house or lots of expensive things, but they did put money into a good home that all of them could live in comfortably.

“Welcome back, Tenya!” says Tensei from where he’s perched at the couch, reading a book. He settles it on the side table and hails Tenya over. “How was school?”

“It was fine,” Tenya answers, kicking off his shoes by the door and crossing the room towards his older brother. “Nii-san, I have a question. And you might not know how to answer it, but I thought I’d ask.”

Tensei quirks a brow at him. “Oh? What’s up?”

“Do you happen to know anyone by the name of Midoriya Izuku?”

“Midoriya Izuku…” Tensei ponders for a long moment, then snaps his fingers. “Oh, yeah! I remember him. Sorry, it took me a little while. I forgot his new name.”

“His new…” Tenya blinks. “...How do you know him? Who is he?”

“Well, that’s…” Tensei lowers his hand, then shakes his head. “It’s a long story, Tenya. A very long story. And it’s really not my story to tell.”

Tenya bites his lip. “I get that,” he says, “but Midoriya Izuku is in the same class as me at U.A., and there’s...definitely a lot that he’s been through and is going through. I want to try and get along with him, but I’m not entirely sure how to do that at the moment. So...please. At least tell me something.”

Tensei sighs and shakes his head again, but rises to his feet. “Let’s take a walk around the suburb,” he says, already heading towards the door. “I’ll fill you in. Briefly.”
Notes:

    (Another song [sad this time, it's not a happy song, be warned] that reminds me of this AU's Izuku: "Paralyzed" by NF)

Chapter 15
Notes:

    *Due to an oversight on my part, the end of this chapter has been modified slightly.

    Art!!

    tendstogobyfleece

    And this Izuku + AntiHero Izuku by doesromandoart

    Thank you both so much!! Enjoy the chapter!! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

That night, after showing Diamond and Shiny to his room where they could sleep, Izuku takes the train for the abandoned city to meet with Aizawa. Even now with school in session, they always try to meet whenever they can. Any more training Izuku can get with his Quirk is good.

“I’ll skip the combat training this time,” Aizawa says simply, tossing a piece of debris out of the way to clear the road a little further. “You’ve got that pretty down, so. Quirk training. Wanna go ahead and fire it up?”

Izuku nods. He’s a lot more comfortable using it now than he used to be, and it’s thanks to all this time spent here with Aizawa, in a controlled environment where he can’t cause harm to others or himself. He shuts his eyes, summons his Quirk from within him, and right when he feels like he can’t take its suffocating chains anymore, Aizawa shuts it off.

“It was easier to turn off that time,” Aizawa says simply while Izuku gasps for breath. “You’re getting better at using it, at least. Your body isn’t protesting now as much as it used to.”

“That’s...good?”

Aizawa frowns. “It’s not terrible,” he says, stepping towards him, “but there is an aspect of your Quirk that we don’t know anything about, so I’m a bit worried that if you get too comfortable with it, you’ll unleash that part of you without realizing it.”

“I hate my Quirk,” Izuku says simply. “I don’t imagine letting it run rampid anytime soon.”

“Still, you never know. We’ll have to go in shorter bouts from here on out, not let it run as long. Wanna try one more time?”

“Sure.”

School the next day comes upon them before they realize it, and Ochako and Kirishima find themselves in Class 1-A, waiting for the others and Aizawa to arrive.

Izuku looks better than yesterday, Ochako thinks. At the very least, the dark circles under his eyes are less pronounced than before, even though they’re still there. They’ve been there since day one, so the fact that they’re lesser than before should mean good things.

Class 1-A is rather empty at the moment; the only people who are in here right now are Ochako, Kirishima, Kouda, Ashido, Sero, Jirou, Yaoyorozu, and of course Izuku. It surprises Ochako that Iida isn’t here yet; usually he’s one of the first.

“Hey, you guys, I just figured out something real weird,” Sero says as he slides up to them, voice hushed. “It’s real weird, I did it on our way to class yesterday.”

Ochako and Kaminari blink at him. “What is it?” Kaminari asks, looking around suspiciously. “What’s up?”

Sero turns towards Yaoyorozu, seated at her desk, watching attentively. “Can you do the thing afterwards?” Sero asks, and Yaoyorozu sighs, exasperated, but eventually nods.

“Okay, watch this.” From his pocket, Sero produces a small laser light, which Ochako and Kaminari examine curiously. Sero aims the laser at Izuku’s desk, then turns it on. The little red light winks on the surface, and Izuku zeroes in on it immediately, staring.

“Watch,” Sero whispers, and he slowly drags the light off the desk and onto the floor. Izuku rises to his feet, and when Sero moves the light again, Izuku follows it.

“That’s...kinda strange,” Kaminari says, frowning.

“No, watch, it gets weirder.” Sero shifts the laser so that the little red dot moves up the wall. Without even breaking a stride, Izuku takes out two knives and begins to climb after the light.

“...Okay, slightly weirder,” Kaminari murmurs, staring along with the others. “But isn’t this kinda normal for Midoriya anyway…? This typical weirdness?”

“Watch this.” Sero directs the light onto the roof, and Izuku somehow keeps on after it.

“What even,” Jirou says, wide-eyed. “That’s— what in the world.”

“I know, right!?” Sero says, turning towards her. “I mean, I don’t even get why he’s going after the light in the first place but—GAHDSKFL.”

Izuku drops down from the roof on top of him, then snatches up the laser light from Sero’s open palm. “You aren’t getting this back,” Izuku says, then pockets the laser light and returns to his desk.

There’s a long moment of stunned silence before everyone breaks into hysteric cackles. Yaoyorozu rises from her seat and makes quick work of filling in the holes in the wall with her Quirk, and she returns to her seat just as Iida walks through the door.

He’s late, to everyone’s surprise. Aizawa still isn’t here, of course, which means he isn’t late by school rules, but by Iida’s standards, he is late.

“Ayy, dude.” Kaminari waves at him with a grin. “You’re usually the first one here, what’s with you getting here late?”

“Nothing,” Iida says curtly, but he glances at Izuku over his shoulder as he sits down at his desk. “Absolutely nothing. Don’t worry.”

Kaminari bumps Ochako’s forearm with his elbow. “Well that’s ominous,” Kaminari murmurs. “They fighting or something?”

“I don’t think so,” Ochako says, turning back and glancing at them, “but it’s really hard to tell…”

The others arrive shortly thereafter, some barely making it in time and others (like Aoyama) striding in like they’re the main act and everyone has been waiting for them. Aizawa arrives just as Aoyama takes his seat.

“So, you’re all here,” Aizawa says, frowning at them. “Good. We’ve got one thing for morning homeroom today before I send you off to your other classes.”

“Oh, please don’t be a pop quiz,” Ashido pleads, folding her hands and bowing her head against them. “Please don’t be a pop quiz, please don’t be a pop quiz…”

“You’ll be picking a class representative today.”

The classroom falls dead silent, and Izuku barely has a chance to clap his hands over his ears before the mood takes a u-turn and everyone is whooping and shrieking.

It’s Iida who suggests they determine by vote, which is the best way to go about things. There is the problem of them not really knowing each other well enough to properly vote for each other, but no matter. This is how they’ve decided to do things, and if it doesn’t work, well, they’ll just have to think of something else.

Except, judging by the results, that won’t be necessary.

“WHAT THE HECK,” Kirishima shrieks, eyes-wide. “HOW DID I GET FOUR VOTES!?”

“Dunno,” Izuku says, shrugging innocently. Behind him, Ochako whistles an unfamiliar tune.

“Izuku!” Kirishima rounds on him, wide-eyed. “Did you vote for me!?”

“Absolutely not. You’re only my best friend, why would I vote for you?”

“This isn’t funny! You don’t have any votes, who did you vote for!?”

“Definitely not my best friend. My very dense best friend.”

“DUDE WHY!?”

“If this is how it turned out, then it can’t be helped,” Aizawa cuts in before the arguing can go on any longer. “Kirishima will be class representative with four votes, and Yaoyorozu, with three, will be vice president.”

Kirishima looks like he wants to argue further, but doesn’t.

“Dang, man, I’m flattered that you voted for me,” Kirishima says over lunch, looking down at his bowl worriedly, “but I’m really, really not suited to lead the class. I’m a bonehead, don’t you know?”

“Oh, I know,” Izuku says, nodding and stirring his katsudon for a moment. “But you’re a very wonderful bonehead.”

“That’s not a reason to vote for me.”

“I voted for you,” Tsuyu says, raising a hand.

“So did I,” says Ochako, doing the same. Kouda’s hand also goes in the air.

Kirishima groans and slumps, his forehead hitting the table. “You’re all pure and precious and I love you but you didn’t have to vote for me.”

“I don’t see what the problem is,” Ochako admits with a small frown. “I think you’re a good choice, Kirishima. Besides, we all trust you a lot.”

Something flashes in Kirishima’s eyes for a fraction of a second. Izuku is sure he’s the only one who notices.

“...I guess,” Kirishima says, and goes back to stirring his rice aimlessly. “I just don’t know.”

Iida approaches before anyone has the chance to respond, and he sets his tray on the table beside Tsuyu, but makes no move to sit down. “Mido—sorry, Izuku,” he says, looking at him. “If you don’t mind, I would like to talk to you for a moment. In private.”

Kirishima looks at him skeptically, but Izuku shakes his head and gets to his seat. “It’s fine, Kiri-chan,” Izuku assures him, then, at Iida, “Sure. Let’s talk.”

Iida nods and turns away, and Izuku follows him.

Roughly thirty seconds later finds them in the darkened hallway leading away from the cafeteria, standing by opposite walls, watching each other. Izuku says nothing, waiting on Iida, and eventually, Iida sighs.

“I’ll come clean,” Iida says, lifting his head. “I asked my older brother about your predicament.”

“Ingenium?” It’s a guess, but judging by the flicker in Iida’s eyes, Izuku is right. “Yeah, I thought I recognized you from somewhere.”

“...Yes.” Iida shakes his head again. “I was wondering if my older brother had run into you at some point, considering…” His eyes flittle to Izuku’s scars, but he redirects his gaze quickly. “Well, I’m sure you know.”

“I do.”

Iida seems uncomfortable, which is odd, because Izuku doesn’t find anything uncomfortable about this situation.

“What I mean to say is, Izuku, I know about you,” Iida says. “My older brother told me you were raised with villains.”

“Not with, by, but basically yeah.”

Iida blinks. “You’re...taking this remarkably well.”

“I don’t see what there is to be upset about,” Izuku answers honestly. “I mean, your older brother is a hero so it only makes sense why you’d ask him about the weird kid with the scars to see what he knew.”

Iida winces. “You’re not weird, Izuku.”

Izuku tilts his head. “I’m a knife nut who was raised by villains to be a monster. Even though I’ve long since turned away from that, you can’t tell me you haven’t noticed a few side-effects. I look like I’m dead on my feet, you don’t have to lie to me. Whatever you wanna say, I can take it.”

“It’s not—” Iida sighs again, shakes his head. “It’s not like that. I’m not upset. I’m not even wary of you. I’m sorry I didn’t bring it to you first instead of asking my older brother. It’s your life, and it was wrong of me to intrude.”

“Thanks for apologizing,” Izuku says, “but I’m not the kind of guy who’d be upset by that. I know how I am. I know how I look, how I act. It’s weird.”

“It’s different,” Iida cuts in, “but it’s also beyond your control. What you did at the entrance exam, saving Uraraka—Ochako-san, when you saved her instead of taking out the robots...that was pretty remarkable of you. I’m still blown away.”

“Yeah, so was the Zero-Pointer.”

Iida stares at him, gaping, and Izuku eventually sighs. “I was trying to make a joke.”

“Oh.” Iida blinks, straightens up. “I apologize, I wasn’t sure…”

“It’s fine. You can’t offend me. It’s not like it’s obvious when I’m fooling around.”

“Yes, well—” Iida stops, takes in a long breath, then lets it out. “I want to make an effort to be able to tell,” he says. “If you don’t mind, Midor—Izuku—”

“You can call me Midoriya if it’s easier for you, Iida.”

“No, it’s alright, just takes a bit of getting used to.” Iida really seems to be struggling here. Izuku feels bad for him. “Anyway, Izuku, if you don’t mind, I would like to be friends.”

Izuku tilts his head again. “We’re kind of heading that way already, don’t you think? I mean, you’ve been sitting with us at lunch and everything and talking with the group. I think we’re well on the way.”

Iida stares at him again. “I’m—well, thank you, but I wanted to ask first. If there’s anything I do that bothers you, let me know.”

“I will.”

It’s odd, he thinks, Iida’s behavior here, but at the same time, it’s also incredibly endearing. He hadn’t been sure of Iida at first, hadn’t really known how to approach or talk to him, but it would seem Iida isn’t as cold as he’d first appeared. He’s very stern and very serious, but not cold.

“Thank you,” Izuku says, and he hopes that, somehow, Iida can hear his honesty. “I look forward to getting to know you better, Iida.”

“The feeling is mutual, Midori— Izuku, sorry, I’ll get it eventually, I promise.”

Izuku exhales sharply through his nose. “Take your time.”

They return to their table after that, when there’s no more to be said between them. The others are still there, waiting; Kirishima looks at Izuku, concerned, but Izuku waves him off.

“It’s fine,” he says, sinking into his seat beside Kirishima. “Don’t worry.”

Across from him, Iida sinks into his seat again, and Izuku can’t help but feel elated. He already has a group of friends, and everyone in it so far has been mindful of him and his boundaries and have even offered to help him whenever they could. It’s a good feeling.

Except, at that moment, a loud alarm blares. Izuku jumps, and Iida and the others look around wildly.

“That’s a terrible sound,” Tsuyu says, grimacing. “Is that the fire alarm?”

“No, not the fire alarm,” Iida says, turning towards the group with wide but grave eyes. “Someone’s trying to infiltrate the campus.”

After that, it’s pandemonium. The students in the cafeteria seem to forget everything they’ve ever learned about “walk, don’t run, stay calm,” because they trip and tumble over each other as though the hallway was their only saving grace. All the while, the alarms continue to blare. The noise, coupled with the screeches of other students and all their leaping and tumbling over each other, makes Izuku’s head pound.

“We have to evacuate with them,” Iida says, leaping to his feet starting forward toward the crowd. “Or, at least find out what’s going on, maybe try to calm everyone down—”

Tsuyu grasps his wrist, giving him a tug. Kirishima, Kouda, and Ochako are already on their feet, making to follow, but Izuku can’t move.

“Izu-chan, we have to go,” Tsuyu tells him, but he can barely hear her voice over the noise. “We have to evacuate with everyone else.”

He can’t. He can’t move, he can’t think; all he can do is clamp his hands around his ears, shut his eyes, and shake his head.

“I’ll wait with him,” Kirishima says, voice muffled over the roar of students, the blare of the alarm, and of course Izuku’s hands around his head.  

“I’ll stay too.” Tsuyu’s hand squeezes his forearm, and for once he doesn’t flinch away. “Go find out what’s wrong. Maybe you can stop the alarm.”

Iida, Ochako, and Kouda run off without further complaint, and Tsuyu drags both Izuku and Kirishima under the table to hide, just in case. The noise roars through Izuku’s ears like it’s reverberating through his entire body, and he doesn’t know why but it brings back so many terrible things. Voices. Villains. Feelings. Words.

“This is who you are,” they say. He’s heard them so many times. “This is what you are.”

“This is who you are, this is what you are.”

“This is who you are, this is what—”

Kirishima’s hands go over Izuku’s. Tsuyu’s hands are still on his forearm tightly. The noise is lesser now that Kirishima’s hands have joined his own around his ears, and Izuku squeezes his eyes shut and waits for the storm to pass.

It’s thanks to Iida’s quick thinking and a combination of his and Ochako’s Quirks that the situation gets under control. Apparently it hadn’t been anything major; a few stupid reporters thought it was a good idea to try pushing their way into U.A., which of course triggered all the alarms.

Or, that’s what Iida and Ochako tell them, as they return to the cafeteria. Tsuyu and Kirishima help Izuku out from under the table, and while Izuku can stand on his own two feet, he feels thoroughly shaken.

“You would think they would know better,” Iida is saying under his breath, sounding irritated. “Infiltrating a hero academy during school hours...or any time, for that matter...I get that they’re the press and they’re pushy, but honestly…”

Are you okay? Kouda asks, eyes shining with concern, and Izuku manages a shaky nod.

I’m alright, he says, the movement small. Startled, but we’re all in the same boat in that case.  

Kirishima frowns at him, obviously not buying a word, but he says nothing. Izuku is glad for that, at least.

“Students, please return to your classrooms,” comes a voice over the intercom. Izuku practically jumps out of his skin, but Tsuyu’s hand on his forearm grounds him. “We will be continuing on with our final class of the day. Thank you!”

“We should go, then,” Ochako says, turning to Izuku. “Are you okay?”

“I’m fine,” Izuku says, and he is now that all the noise has stopped and he can think clearly. “Let’s go.”

They head off, but Tsuyu keeps her hand on Izuku’s arm. He’s grateful for it.

“Alright, everyone, your class president says he has a word for you all.”

Aizawa steps aside, and Kirishima hustles forward, nearly tripping over his own two feet when he reaches the front. Izuku gives him an encouraging thumbs up, as do Ochako and Kouda in front and across from him.

“Ahh, thanks,” Kirishima says, scanning the group of students before him. “So, well...I’ll keep this short and to the point.”

He takes in a breath, then slams his hands onto the desk and leans forward.

“I can’t be the class representative,” Kirishima says. “I’m flattered that so many of you believed in me and voted for me, but earlier today, when everyone was freaking out, I didn’t know what to do. I’m not level-headed enough to be able to give you guys the guidance you need, or deserve. So...it’s with great honor that I wanna pass the buck to Iida Tenya. The stage is yours, dude.”

Iida’s mouth hangs open, but everyone else claps and cheers, especially Ochako. Kouda waves his hands above his head enthusiastically, and Izuku simply claps, though he claps loudly.  

Iida rises to his feet slowly, and the cheers die down. “Well...if the class rep has appointed me, and if there are no further objections...then I suppose it can’t be helped. I, Iida Tenya, pledge my solid allegiance to Class 1-A! I will guide and protect all of you to the best of my abilities!”

“Yeah, you go, Iida!”

“Congrats!”

“Emergency exit! Emergency exit!”

Kirishima steps down, and when he passes Iida as he steps up, he holds out his fist. After a moment of hesitation, Iida knocks his own fist against Kirishima’s.

Izuku sees stars when the back of his head collides with the ground. Aizawa is standing over him immediately, holding out a hand, and Izuku takes it and lets the man pull him to his feet.

“Sorry,” Aizawa says, letting him go, but his concern doesn’t ebb. “You got distracted again.”

“Yeah, I did,” Izuku says, rubbing the back of his head with a wince. “It happens all the time, you know me.”

“Yes,” Aizawa says, crossing his arms, “but if it keeps happening, especially in the field of battle, you’re going to wind up getting yourself killed. Whatever it is that really gets to you, you’re going to have to find ways around it, Midoriya. Otherwise, your opponents are going to take advantage of that and kick you while you’re down.”

“Right, I know…”

“Okay, fire up your Quirk again. Just for a second.”

It’s easier this time. Almost natural. The thought makes him sick, and he’s glad to finally head home and collapse onto his bed with all thirteen of his cats.

While Izuku trains with Aizawa, Eijirou runs full-speed towards Dagobah beach, smile on his face. Toshinori—All Might—is waiting for him.

A little farther on into the week, during Hero Basic training—the class All Might usually teaches—Aizawa, who would appear to be substituting for some unspoken reason, informs the group that they will be taking a bus down to a training ground off-campus for some search and rescue training.

Unlike before at the battle training, the students have the option this time to wear their costumes or not. Izuku’s costume was damaged during the exercise, but he does wear his combat boots, along with his surprise-knife cat ears, his cylinders of Quirk suppressants, and several sheathes of knives, strapped around his thighs. Beneath that, he’s wearing his PE clothes; his only alternative, considering his costume is getting worked on.

“I really do like your cat ears, Izu-chan,” Ochako says, sliding up to him with a smile while they await the bus’ arrival. “They make for a nice surprise attack, too, considering they’re, y’know, knives and all.”

Izuku reaches up and adjusts them momentarily. The two ear-shaped knives of course have black sheathes over him; the moment he throws the headband, the sheathes should, in theory, fling themselves off, and judging by how it’d went during the mock battle against Bakugou, it worked.

“Thanks,” Izuku says, lowering his hands. “Your costume looks cute, too. I like the color scheme.”

“O-Oh, thank you!” Ochako fiddles with her helmet for a moment, heat rising to her cheeks. “It’s a little more skin-tight than I wanted it to be, but, the colors are great!”

“THE BUS IS HERE!” Iida announces loudly, but he’s far away enough that it doesn’t startle Izuku too badly. “Everyone, please go in single-file and find a seat! We’re doing this in an orderly fashion!”

About ten minutes of bustling and squirming later, the students are all loaded in the bus. Aizawa sits shotgun, and the bus driver starts off down the road towards their unknown destination.

Izuku isn’t scared, but he is nervous. Search and rescue training seems easy enough, but what if they have to go in pairs again? What if the pairs are random? What if he has to be with or against Bakugou—

He doesn’t realize he’s been fiddling with a knife until Ochako taps him on the shoulder with a concerned look in her eyes. After this, it doesn’t take him long to notice that everyone on this section of the bus is staring at him, too.

“Oh, sorry.” Izuku sheathes the knife at his leg again immediately and folds his hands in his lap, suddenly very tense. “It’s a nervous habit, I-I just do it without thinking sometimes, I’m sorry.”

“It’s okay, man,” Kaminari says, grinning, but it seems a bit forced. “We’re all nervous here, but try to relax a little, alright?”

“That kinda reminds me of something.” Sero leans forward in his seat to peer at him. “You’ve been bringing knives with you to school lately. Do you, like, have a permit or something? Are they okay with it?”

“Aizawa-sensei cleared it for me,” Izuku answers, fidgeting restlessly. He really wants to fiddle with something, but he doesn’t want to pull out his knife again for fear of unnerving his classmates. “It’s kind of—something like a source of reassurance, I guess. I’m only allowed to keep two on my person, though.”

“Ah, I get it.” Sero nods to himself and leans back, satisfied. “That makes sense. Nice.”

Izuku turns away and threads his fingers together, sinking his teeth into his bottom lip. For a while, he sits that way while the others strike up conversation around him.

Ochako taps him on the shoulder again, lighter this time, and Izuku jumps and turns to her. “Here,” she says, passing him three colorful pens—a blue one, a green one, and a pink one. “I draw on my arms sometimes when I’m nervous, maybe you can try this instead of fiddling with your knives?”

Izuku takes the pens with wide eyes, which Ochako giggles softly at before turning away. Izuku goes for the green pen first, drawing little swirls and pointless designs on the back of his hand. Somehow, it’s even more calming than fiddling with a knife.

“Man, this place is massive!” Jirou says in awe, looking around. “It’s definitely bigger on the inside, dang.”

“It’s definitely ‘extra’ if I’ve ever seen it,” Sero says, also looking around with wide eyes. “And this is all for search and rescue training?”

“Correct!”

Someone else steps forward—Izuku recognizes them as the pro-hero, Thirteen, whom he’d heard about on the news only once. Ochako beams excitedly, looking ready to burst, and Thirteen turns away from the students and towards the monstrous facility.

“Welcome to the Unforeseen Simulation Joint!” Thirteen says proudly, arms spread as though to embrace the whole of the USJ. “This is where we’ll be learning different methods of search and rescue, how to rescue a person in all different natural disasters, and everything in between!”

Some of the students behind Izuku “ooo” and “aaa.” Izuku himself is a bit more focused on the fact that although they were told All Might would be joining them, the hero is nowhere to be seen.

Maybe he used up all his time for today already, Izuku ponders, then shakes his head. Knowing him, it wouldn’t surprise me one bit.

“I’m sure you all know now, first-hand, what you are capable of,” Thirteen continues, and Izuku and the others give them all their attention. “With Aizawa’s Quirk Apprehension test, you saw the peak of your abilities. And in All Might’s battle simulation, you learned how it felt to use your abilities against others. Now, you will learn how to use your remarkable abilities to save those in danger. After all, at its core, that’s what being a hero is all about.”

Th r e at

It’s quiet. The instinct is barely there. But he feels something, something strong, something stronger than anything he’s ever felt up until this point. Thirteen’s voice and his classmates’ cheers turn into roars, faded as though he’s underwater. The fear inside him begins to grow.

T ̡h r̷ e a̕ t

Ţ̸ ͠h̴ ̨͘r̵͟ ̢e̡ a̛͜͡ ͝t͝

T̢ ̵҉h̵̷̛̛̕ ̴̕r̵̶̕͟͞ ̡̢͠͝͡e̕͢ ̴̵̴ą̧͘͡ ̷̵̨̧t̴̡̧͝

And then it’s too strong. He feels like he’s being dragged down by its weight. He doesn’t realize he’s stumbled backwards until he feels Kirishima’s hands on his forearms, hears Aizawa’s voice as though from far away, and all the while his chest only becomes tighter.

“A-Aizawa-sensei,” Izuku gasps out, as Aizawa’s hands grab his shoulders and they meet eyes. “Something’s, it’s—”

He sees it before anyone else. A swirling abyss of something up by the fountain in the center of the USJ, barely visible from this distance. Izuku has never felt the threat this strong before, ever, especially not from this far away. He hadn’t even picked up on Todoroki’s threat until they were literally inches away from each other.

But now is different.

Aizawa swings around to follow Izuku’s gaze, and Izuku’s classmates follow in suit. Everyone’s looking the same way. Everyone’s fearing the same thing.

A thing with beady eyes and a body made of mist is swirling and swarming by the fountain, and from the maw of darkness march—

Ţ̶̶͓̠̘̗̬͙̦̱̠̗̟͖̙̮̠͔̝͟͡ ̶̪̩̥̲͙̜̬̲̟̻͢͞ͅḨ̵̧̝̺̼̪̼͚̼͖̺͈͔̘̞͢͞ ̴̨̭̹͎̦͇͖̘̙̬͈̫̤̻̜̬͎̗͖͍͝R̶̢̛̻͓̱̱̰͍͖͇̩̲̪̰̝̦̰̖̟͇̳̕͢ ͏̻̣̝̘̗̩͙̝̤̘̪̘͈̮̜̭͕E̗͕̖͕̗̼̜̕͢͞ ̶̹͉̠͉̹͙̦̫̯̖̺̙͉̗͜͢ͅA̶̴̶̞̜͙̞̜̮͎̬͍̺̯͜ͅ ҉҉̟͍͇͇̬̩̖̬T͓̱̙̺̤̬̜̼̯̞̠̞͇̜͙͝͡

T̵̡͘͡ ̡͘͠H̨ ̶͟R̵̶̕͜ ͟͏̷E̵͘̕ ̕͏͠A̡̡̕ ̷̡T̛҉

Ţ̶̶͓̠̘̗̬͙̦̱̠̗̟͖̙̮̠͔̝͟͡ ̶̪̩̥̲͙̜̬̲̟̻͢͞ͅḨ̵̧̝̺̼̪̼͚̼͖̺͈͔̘̞͢͞ ̴̨̭̹͎̦͇͖̘̙̬͈̫̤̻̜̬͎̗͖͍͝R̶̢̛̻͓̱̱̰͍͖͇̩̲̪̰̝̦̰̖̟͇̳̕͢ ͏̻̣̝̘̗̩͙̝̤̘̪̘͈̮̜̭͕E̗͕̖͕̗̼̜̕͢͞ ̶̹͉̠͉̹͙̦̫̯̖̺̙͉̗͜͢ͅA̶̴̶̞̜͙̞̜̮͎̬͍̺̯͜ͅ ҉҉̟͍͇͇̬̩̖̬T͓̱̙̺̤̬̜̼̯̞̠̞͇̜͙͝͡

T̵̡͘͡ ̡͘͠H̨ ̶͟R̵̶̕͜ ͟͏̷E̵͘̕ ̕͏͠A̡̡̕ ̷̡T̛҉

T̵̡͘͡ ̡͘͠H̨ ̶͟R̵̶̕͜ ͟͏̷E̵͘̕ ̕͏͠A̡̡̕ ̷̡T̛҉

Izuku leaps. He breaks free of Kirishima’s hold, runs past Aizawa, draws knives before he realizes it. He hears voices yell after him, feels their footsteps shake the ground, but he takes off down the steps before they can stop him.

S̨ ͘͝͞A͢͠ ͘V̵̷̕ ̕͠E͡͞҉ ͜T̶ ͝H͠ ͏E͢͏ ͏̢M̵̛͡ ͏

He hadn’t been able to save Kowareta. He hadn’t been able to save anyone. But that was the old him.

S̨ ͘͝͞A͢͠ ͘V̵̷̕ ̕͠E͡͞҉ ͜T̶ ͝H͠ ͏E͢͏ ͏̢M̵̛͡ ͏

The noise in his ears fades into nothingness. All he sees is the growing maw of black and the approaching hoard of villains.

S̥͔͡ͅͅ ̮̭̞͉͙̣̹̩͢A̫̰̯̺͝ ͉̣̗̩͔V̢͎̯̯ ̢҉̹͎̙E͏̛͙̩͚͎̯̰̜͇̕ ̗͍̩̥͇͠T̩͡ ͏̠͙̞H̴͎̙̙̮̰̞̺̗ ̛̹̭͔̝̠͔͍E̺͎̘ ̬͡ͅM̠̤͖̹ͅ ̘̦̺͍̳

S̥͔͡ͅͅ ̮̭̞͉͙̣̹̩͢A̫̰̯̺͝ ͉̣̗̩͔V̢͎̯̯ ̢҉̹͎̙E͏̛͙̩͚͎̯̰̜͇̕ ̗͍̩̥͇͠T̩͡ ͏̠͙̞H̴͎̙̙̮̰̞̺̗ ̛̹̭͔̝̠͔͍E̺͎̘ ̬͡ͅM̠̤͖̹ͅ ̘̦̺͍̳

S̨ ͘͝͞A͢͠ ͘V̵̷̕ ̕͠E͡͞҉ ͜T̶ ͝H͠ ͏E͢͏ ͏̢M̵̛͡ ͏

He reaches the villains before they even have the chance to react.

“Stay back!” Aizawa barks, already running and leaping after Izuku. “Thirteen, protect the students!”

“Roger!” Thirteen says, nodding, and they turn back towards Eijirou and the others. “Everyone, get to the exit!”

Ochako starts forward. “What about Izuku? We can’t leave him behind—!”

“Aizawa will take care of him, don’t worry!” Thirteen says, voice rising slightly in pitch and franticness. “We don’t have much time, we have to go—!”

Thirteen is cut off. Below them forms a swirling abyss of nothingness, and they fall through with a sharp cry that could be anywhere between surprise and pain.

“Thirteen!” Ochako shrieks, and Eijirou barely manages to throw out an arm to stop her in time, all the while gritting his teeth.

“My, my, brave ones, are we…”

The abyss grows something like a shape, and its golden, beady eyes make quick work of showing Eijirou and the others that it isn’t a thing they’re dealing with, but a villain. A real live villain.

“I won’t harm your teacher,” the villain says, and its tone hints at a deep, dark amusement that Eijirou doesn’t want to think about. “Your teacher is not what I am after. I simply put them out of the picture while I dealt with you…”

“Toshinori-san?”

“I’m going to show you something, Kirishima, my boy. Please try not to freak out.”

“What are you—WHOA WHOA WHAT THE HELL.”

“I don’t know what I thought was going to happen, but I’d say that reaction is fair.”

“You’re...you're All Might!”

Eijirou grinds his teeth together. “Dealt with us?” he repeats, and the villain redirects its beady yellow eyes on him. “What do you mean by that?”

“I’ve been watching you grow all this time, Kirishima. Watching you, your friendship with Midoriya...he trusts you more than anyone else in the world.”

“Well, I mean...why are you telling me this, All Might?”

“Toshinori will do, my boy. As for why I’m telling you…”

“It’s simple, really,” the villain says, eyes crinkling in amusement. “We aim to knock down this hero society, one brick at a time. And if those ‘bricks’ come at the expense of a few students, well...then so be it.”

“One For All. A stockpile of power…”

Izuku slashes and leaps, kicks and screams, holds his Quirk back with all his might. He doesn’t want to use it until he has to. He can’t use it until he absolutely has to. He fights. He kicks. He screams.

He fights for them.

“A Quirk to carry the dreams of those who have fallen, and the hopes and futures of those who follow…”

Shouta keeps after Midoriya, but is slowed down by villains who leap into the fray. He makes quick work of taking them out, but it seems there’s no shortage of them. No matter how many he knocks out, no matter how many he injures, there’s always more.

“...Kirishima…”

“And you really think I’ll let you do that?”

The villain doesn’t look so amused now. With a wide grin and balled fists, Eijirou summons up this borrowed power. Its familiar warmth spreads beneath his skin. His natural Quirk flares.

“If I let you kill my friends...if I really let you get past me…”

He thinks about Izuku, fighting below. He thinks about Izuku’s constant battle against his own demons. He thinks about how hard his friend tries, no matter what, to do the right thing and put his best foot forward.

One For All crackles against Eijirou’s skin, hot like fire.

“...If I let you win, then what’s the damn point of any of this!?” Eijirou shouts, with courage he doesn’t have. “Me, the people behind me...we’re going to stop you!”

The villain narrows his eyes. “Very well, then…”

Izuku is fighting. A villain runs at him; he slams his heel against the villain’s head. His shoes light up with the force of the hit, but that’s the least of his concerns. He swings up a flashlight from his belt, shines it in the next villain’s face; they reel back with a shriek, but Izuku doesn’t even have time to regain his footing before there’s another one right there in front of him.

He’s fighting. He’s already exhausted, but he’s fighting. He won’t stop fighting, not until they’re gone. Not until the threat has been eliminated. Not until—

He catches sight of someone further into the crowd of villains.

The world slows to a stand-still. The noise fades into nothing. Around him, everything goes white.

Everything but a single figure, standing a little ways away from the fray, covered in disembodied hands, with lots of teal, faded, shaggy hair and a thin, almost sickly figure.

They meet eyes for a moment. The white remains. Izuku’s ears ring. The man turns to him, red eyes blown wide. Izuku’s knife slips from his hand.

“What about you, Kitten? Who do you want to be?”

The door of their bedroom opens before he has the chance to respond. “Sorry I’m late. Got held up at training, don’t worry about me.”

“You’re back!” He leaps off the bed and scrambles over, followed shortly by Kowareta. “And you’re okay!”

A hand reaches out and ruffles his hair. Gently. “Of course I’m okay. Sensei wouldn’t hurt me. Don’t worry.”

No.

No.

They hold each other’s gaze. Izuku’s knife hits the ground at his side. Through the roaring in his ears and the nothingness that overwhelms his senses, a single word spoken through a familiar tone reaches him.

“Dāku?”

There are only two people who know that name.

One of them is dead.

The other is Tenko.
Notes:

    I've been looking forward to this arc ever since the very beginning

Chapter 16
Notes:

    So sorry I wasn't able to respond to comments again this time around!! ;-; Getting back into the swing of things with school and whatnot. But I love you all and your support means the world to me, so thank you so much!! :D

    And, ART!!

    good-night-starshine

    Thank you!!!! :D Hope everyone enjoys the chapter! \o/

Chapter Text

Dāku.

 

Dāku.

 

Dāku.

 

The name bounces around in Izuku’s skull for a time.

 

Dāku.

 

Dāku.

 

Dāku.

 

Like a broken record, it repeats itself. Over, and over, and over again.

 

Dāku.

 

Dāku.

 

Dāku.

 

Like a broken record, he wants, desperately, for it to stop. It doesn’t. It won’t. It can’t.

 

Dāku.

 

Dāku.

 

Dāku.

 

“That’s not...my name...”

Tenko doesn’t hear him. When he approaches, arms open wide, the rest of the villains Izuku had been fighting previously suddenly disperse. Tenko is obviously their leader; otherwise, there’s no reason why they would part like the Red Sea for him.

No…

“Is it really you?” Tenko asks, approaching slowly like he expects Izuku to vanish at any given moment. “Dāku? Could it be…?”

No, no, no, no, no…

“It’s you! It’s really you!” The worst part about it is the familiarity in the voice. The worst part about it is how genuinely thrilled Tenko seems. “Dāku, I thought you were dead, you have no idea—”

 

Dāku.

 

Dāku.

 

Dāku.

 

Tenko reaches out.

Izuku slaps his hand away.

The white cuts abruptly. The world returns to normal motion. Tenko flinches back, eyes wide, but he seems genuinely hurt now. Very hurt. It strikes Izuku somewhere close to his heart, but no, no, no, this is—

“That’s not my name,” Izuku says, shaking his head feverishly.

Tenko stares at him. “...Dāku, I...what’s wrong?”

“What’s wrong?” Izuku barks a sharp, mirthless laugh, then shakes his head. “Tenko, are you kidding me? You’re asking me what’s wrong?” He points at some of the attackers when Tenko doesn’t seem to get it. “You’re with the villains. You’re leading an invasion.”

The words seem to hit him harder than they do Tenko, and a barrage of memories comes flooding back. He remembers Tenko ruffling his hair, hugging him and Kowareta at once, promising he’d be okay. They’d be okay. He wasn’t around very much. He was the oldest. Sensei’s favorite. But he loved them. He was like an older brother to them.

Izuku lowers both hands. His shoulders shake. “Tenko, I—I don’t understand. Why...why are you still with them?”

Tenko lowers both arms back to his sides. “Dāku...what are you talking about? Villains saved us, don’t you remember? When our parents abandoned us, it was the villains who picked us up off our feet. It was them who gave us a home and a future when our own parents didn’t want us.”

“They killed her,” Izuku strains, and his eyes burn. “They killed her, Tenko, or did you forget?”

Tenko takes a step backwards. His air changes. He looks hurt. “Her death…”

“Don’t pretend you don’t remember,” Izuku snaps, and his hands shake, too, though he maintains his grip on his knives. His palms are sweaty. “Don’t you dare pretend you don’t remember. You saw it, too. You were there just like I was. Did you feel nothing?”

“Kowareta…” Tenko shakes his head slowly at first, then faster at the end. The hand on his face obscures most of his expression, but his tone of voice carries a deep sorrow. “It’s...it’s terrible, what happened to her—”

“You watched her die.” Saying the words again make them feel closer. More real. He’s trembling again, but this time, it isn’t because he’s upset. “You watched her die and you did nothing!”

Tenko steps backwards again. “It’s a shame, that she had to die—”

“She didn’t have to die!” He’s burning. There’s something rising in his chest, a monster, something there and real and hot and it’s getting stronger—

“Dāku, please—”

He snaps.

“My name is not Dāku!”

The knives go flying. Several of them. Each one of them is thrown with the intention of hitting Tenko somewhere or other; not to kill, but to maim.

But none of the knives hit their mark. A blur of black something steps between Tenko and the knives, taking the blows. The knives sink into its skin with several sounds Izuku wishes he could unhear, but it doesn’t shriek or writhe in pain like he’s expecting it to. The creature is enormous, with exposed brains and bulging bloodshot eyes.

“Dāku, meet Nomu,” Tenko says, peering around the corner of the creature’s hideous body. “Nomu, this is Dāku. The Nomu is creature that has been designed and created to be the strongest there is...even stronger than the number one hero...to come with us and fight on our behalf…” Tenko meets his eyes. “If I were you, Dāku, I wouldn’t do anything to agitate it. Despite your best efforts, you don’t stand a chance.”

And then, Izuku’s knives drop from its skin, one by one, pushed out by the creature’s own mass. Its skin reforms over the gaping holes left by Izuku’s knives, and it looks so twisted and wrong. One by one, Izuku’s knives hit the ground, and once they’re all scattered on the ground, the Nomu lifts its head and releases a monstrous roar.

“There, you see?” Tenko says, stepping around it. “A bit of a present from Sensei. You know, Dāku, I think he knew you would be here. That’s why he approved of the invasion. He wanted  the two of us to find each other again.”

“No.” Izuku shakes his head feverishly and walks backwards. “No, Tenko, no, this isn’t that at all. If Sensei really thought I would come back to you after what he did, then he’s got another thing coming to him.”

Tenko blinks. “‘You...despise him?” he asks, tilting his head. “Dāku, please, don’t tell me you’re actually on the heroes’   side now. We promised we’d be together, you know? Don’t you remember?”

“I remember everything,” Izuku says, taking another step backwards. “I think it’s you who’s forgotten.”

Tenko straightens up. His demeanor changes again, into something more serious. Less careless. “I didn’t want to do this to you,” he says, shaking his head and stepping back, “but if you really won’t come with me willingly, then there’s something terribly wrong. You’ve been brainwashed.”

“I’ve been brainwashed?”

Memories are flooding back now, more than ever. He remembers the three of them chatting and laughing, talking of better times, how they’d all escape someday together. He remembers sitting with Tenko while Kowareta was treated for injuries Izuku inflicted. Izuku loved him. Kowareta loved him. They loved each other. They were always together. The three of them against the villains.

Izuku doesn’t remember Tenko being there after Kowareta was killed. Izuku didn’t look for him. He couldn’t look for him. As far as he knew, Tenko was either dead or had escaped himself and was better off.

But no. He’d stayed. He’d stayed with the villains, and he’s lost everything that once made him the older brother figure that Izuku loved and looked up to.

“Tenko, please, don’t do this.” Izuku shakes his head feverishly, but he’s pleading now. “Please, I already lost Ko-chan to the villains. I don’t want to lose you, too. Please. Come with me. We’ll figure things out, just, please, call off the invasion, before it goes on any longer—”

“I can’t do that,” Tenko says, stepping backwards. “You’ve lost yourself. I need to take you back with me, Dāku, back to Sensei. He can help you.”

“I can help you, please, please, Tenko—”

“Nomu, grab him. Bring him to me. Don’t kill him.”  

The Nomu lets out another monstrous shriek, and Izuku snatches his knives off the ground and makes a run for it. The monster’s thunderous footsteps clap the ground after him. The other villains are still racing up towards the front, where Izuku sees a swirling abyss of black and purple.

Come on, buy some time…

He swings around and pulls an arm back to throw a knife at the Nomu’s face—but then suddenly the Nomu is right there in front of him, inches away, and Izuku’s eyes blow wide.

What…?

How could he move so fast—?

“Midoriya!”

Something coils around Izuku’s waist and yanks him away forcefully. The Nomu’s gigantic fist closes around the air Izuku had occupied just a split second before. Izuku hits the ground tumbling, getting caught in lots of white strips of something firm that looks almost like bandages—

Izuku scrambles to his feet. Aizawa stands beside him, eyes red, lips drawn into a thin line.

“I told you to stay back,” Aizawa grinds out lowly, without looking at him. “I told you to stay back, Midoriya.”

The Nomu roars, thunderous and grating, and Izuku grits his teeth.

“Little late for that now,” Izuku says, shifting into a stance. “We’re surrounded. I couldn’t run even if I wanted to.”

Aizawa doesn’t deny it. “Stay behind me,” he says, shifting himself so that his body is between Izuku and the Nomu. “I know you’re perfectly capable of handling yourself, but right now...stay behind me. If you must fight...support me from behind.”

Izuku is still reeling terribly, but he forces the monster within him back and nods. “I’m with you.”

“You want to stop me, boy?” the mist villain asks, growing to its full height. “My, my, my, how mighty naive of you. See, I have my orders to scatter you abroad and let the others dispose of you as they will; I would rather not get my own hands dirty, if I can help it.”

“Sick bastards,” Bakugou growls, stepping forward. “How’s about we just blow that big head of yours right off, huh?”

“Bakugou, stop,” Iida says, thrusting out a hand to him, teeth gritted. “This isn’t the time. We need to stay together, and we need to think of a strategy, now.”

Eijirou wants to agree with Iida, but something Bakugou said sparked an idea. He raises his head towards the mist villain again, eyes wide with realization.

“...Actually...Bakugou...I think you might have a point.”

Everyone looks surprised, including Bakugou, but Eijirou doesn’t respond. He retracts his fist, golden flashes crackling throughout his skin, and he grins.

“Your body is mostly mist anyway,” Eijirou says, grinning, “which means, I can do this.”

He throws the punch with as much power as he can safely use without shattering his skin or bones. The wind pressure blasts the mist villain back, scattering him to the wind; but almost as soon as he’s gone, he begins to reform once more, swirling back into place in front of them.

“How intriguing,” the villain chuckles, fixing its beady eyes on Eijirou again. “You don’t look like much, but you’ve got quite the Quirk there, don’t you?”

“What, this little thing?” Eijirou asks, and his grin grows wider. “This ain’t nothin’, dude. That guy down there? He’s the one you really gotta worry about.”

The villain follows his gaze, looking over his shoulder, and Eijirou slides up to Iida and says, in a single, rushed breath, “I’m gonna blast a hole through the wall. Make a run for it and go get help.”

Iida rounds on him, eyes wide. “You want me to what?” he hisses angrily, looking appalled. “No, Kirishima, I can’t. I’m the class rep, it’s my job to protect everyone—”

“And you will,” Eijirou says, nodding, “you will protect everyone. You’re the fastest runner here, Iida, we need you to do this. I’m gonna blast a hole through the wall, and as soon as that happens, you need to get out of here. Run to U.A. Get help. Hurry.”

“Talking about your plans right in front of me?” the villain asks, raising itself up to its full height once more. “You seem a bit too confident for your own good.”

“Oh yeah?” Eijirou fires it up again, through his legs and through his arms. “So far I could say the same thing about you.” And then, “Bakugou! Blast him!”

“Thought you’d never ask!” Bakugou grins madly and fires off two blasts, one from each palm, straight at the mist villain. The villain, surprised and expecting Eijirou’s attack, is blown back into the air.

Eijirou knew Bakugou was impulsive enough to be able to take that last minute shout without a problem. It’s why he’d singled him out. Eijirou concentrates One For All into his legs, folds his hardened arms out in front of him like he’s diving, then grits his teeth.

“Human torpedo, part two,” he tells himself, aiming for the crack between the giant double doors. “Please don’t wreck my legs this time. I can’t afford it.”

He launches himself with One For All, grits his teeth to brace himself, and breaks the door right off its hinges. He hits the ground tumbling, legs pulsating, fists bloody and cracked, but the way is open now.

“Iida!” His voice is hoarse. “Run, Iida! Go!”

Iida speeds past him moments later, and Eijirou could cry with relief. As he sprints onwards, back down the road from whence they’d come, they catch each other’s eyes for a moment.

Eijirou grins at him. He can’t be sure, but he thinks he hears the words, I won’t let you down flood through his ears before he’s quite literally eating Iida’s dust. Choking on it, even.

And then the ground disappears from beneath him, and he falls and lands on something smooth and solid. He sees stars when his head smacks the pavement, and Ochako and Ashido are by him immediately, but he waves a hand at them, unconcerned and dragging himself up to his aching, burning feet.

The warp gate villain is standing in the doorway, blocking off the students. The amused crinkle in the corners of his eye is gone, and he looks more dangerous than before.

“You shouldn’t have done that,” he says. His mist-like body spreads around them in a circle, and Eijirou’s feet disappear from beneath him once again, and he’s falling. His classmates fall around him, but not with him.

Ochako and Tsuyu hit the solid ground of what feels like a rocky, bumpy surface. Ochako gets to her feet first, wincing and grimacing; Tsuyu follows her lead, holding her head, but she seems unharmed.

“Are you okay?” Ochako asks, swaying only slightly. Tsuyu nods.

“We got split up,” Tsuyu says, looking around. “We’re in the rockslide zone…”

“Well, whaddaya know. Guess Kurogiri didn’t fail us after all. I was worried there for a while.”

Ochako and Tsuyu spin around towards the voice. A band of villains close around them in a semi-circle, grinning madly, advancing.

Tsuyu moves to stand close to her side, feet shifted into a proper fighting stance. “We don’t have a choice, Ochako-chan,” she says, something Ochako has already accepted. “I know it’s against the law to use our Quirks against villains, but this is a life or death situation.”

“I know.” Ochako grits her teeth and copies a stance she saw Izuku use more than once. “You take the ones on the left I’ll take the ones on the right?”

“It’s as good a plan as any,” Tsuyu agrees quietly, and with nods to each other, they spring at the villains.

“Oy—Oy, Weird Hair, get up!”

Eijirou’s side is kicked harshly, and it’s just enough to bring him back to awareness. He sits up sharply; Bakugou stands a little ways ahead of him, sparks crackling on his palms. Villains are closing in on them on all sides, slowly at first, then a little faster.

Eijirou leaps to his feet and moves to stand beside Bakugou despite the pain spiking up his legs. “This looks bad,” he says, putting up his fists and picking the sturdiest stance he can think of. “We’re fighting, then, right?”

“Tch, no kidding.” Bakugou crouches, sparks flying. “I’ll pummel them. Watch my back.”

Eijirou is in no state to argue, so he nods. “I’ll leave it to you,” he says, and Bakugou launches himself at the villains. Eijirou takes off behind him, swinging and punching whoever rises after Bakugou’s initial attack. He takes Izuku’s advice into consideration, going for their noses, their faces, their eyes, whatever the most vulnerable parts of their bodies are.

Buddy…

He socks a villain in the jaw with hardened knuckles and a bit of One For All. Judging by the sound of it, something cracked and splintered.

...Please be okay.

Yaoyorozu, Jirou, and Kaminari stand by each other, back to back, approached by villains on all sides. In different zones, different groups of students face similar predicaments. Approached by villains. Alone, in a few cases. Cornered. Forced to fight.

Izuku sinks his knife into a villain’s shoulder, and they shriek and try flinging Izuku off of them. Izuku yanks the knife back and springs back; Aizawa swings his leg over Izuku’s head and roundhouse kicks another villain in the side of his face.

“You’ve gotta watch yourself!” Aizawa barks, teeth gritted. “I told you to stay behind me!”

“If the villains actually let me do that, that’d be fantastic!” Izuku snaps back through gritted teeth. There are too many of them, far too many of them. A considerable amount of them are on the ground, but they keep regrouping. There aren’t as many of them now as there were at the start, but then again, Izuku and Aizawa are more exhausted now than they’d been at the start.

And then there’s that Nomu creature standing in the background, like it’s awaiting its moment to strike. Izuku keeps side-eyeing it, knowing how fast it can move, but it doesn’t do a single thing. Tenko stands beside it, watching, and Izuku is too far away to see his expression.

“Tenko, call it off!” Izuku shouts desperately, and he doesn’t know what he’s expecting, but he can’t let Tenko drown like this. He can’t let Tenko go. “Please, you can still call off the invasion! It isn’t too late!”

Tenko stares at him, but doesn’t respond directly. “Nomu. What say we speed things up a little? Don’t kill him, but make it count.”

The Nomu screeches, and Izuku braces himself for the hit. He knows it’s coming; Tenko is definitely going to try taking him by force now, so the least Izuku can do is try to gouge out its eyes when it gets close enough—

It doesn’t go for him.

The Nomu zooms straight past him, almost like he isn’t even there, and Izuku doesn’t even have time to look over his shoulder before he hears a sickening crack.

The realization hits him like a punch to the gut.

“Aizawa-sensei!”

He swings around, and the knives fly. They sink into the Nomu’s shoulder harmlessly, but even if they did do some damage, it’s already too late.

Aizawa is on the ground. Izuku didn’t see what happened, he hadn’t turned around quick enough, but there’s blood pooling beneath Aizawa’s head, and he isn’t moving anymore.

There’s blood, lots of it, and he’s completely still.

Blood. Still.

Blood. Still.

Blood. Still.

“I’m sorry, Dāku,” comes Tenko’s voice from behind him; the Nomu stands over Aizawa, ginormous fingers shoving his head against the ground. “But it has to be like this. We can’t have him getting in the way.”

Izuku can’t breathe. His heart pounds in his ears like a wardrum. Nothing feels real, but at the same time, he sees everything with a sudden sense of clarity.

Blood. Still.

Blood. Still.

Blood. Still.

Aizawa.

Kowareta.

Aizawa.

Kowareta.

Blood. Still.

Blood. Still.

Blood. Still.

The monster springs to life.

But it’s different this time. The chains that shackled him before, the invisible ropes that tied him down…

They don’t leave.

He grabs them.

He grabs them, he holds them, he yanks them.

Words rush back at him. Scenes. Faces.

“It’s your power. It’s yours now, regardless of who it belonged to before, and...it’s going to be hard, but you’re going to learn to control it. You’re going to use it to save people someday. I know you will.”

S̵a̴̡v̛͝͏e̶ t̶̸h̢͟e͞m̧.

S̵a̴̡v̛͝͏e̶ t̶̸h̢͟e͞m̧.

S̵a̴̡v̛͝͏e̶ t̶̸h̢͟e͞m̧.

He drags up these chains. Holds them. Harnesses them.

I ̷want͟ ͠to ̵sa͡v͏e̡ th̷e͠m.̢ ̨

Something snaps within him. He can almost feel it. A very real, very painful sensation. A breakthrough. Like a wall is crumbling down.

"҉̡̨͟E͟҉̢L̢҉̵̢I̶͘͠͠͠M͏̴͜͝I҉̵͝N̴̵A̧͜͞T̨̢̧͡E̸͜ ̧͞͡T̛H̵̨̛E̴̡͠͝ ̧̕͘T̵̸̵͟͟H͏̴͠R̸̕͡E̡͜Ą̡͟Ţ̷S̨.̵͠"͘͢ ͏̢͏̛

Izuku screams, and around him, the world burns.

Shouta’s vision is blurry. His head spins. There are thick, strong fingers gripping his skull, holding him down. There’s blood in his eyes and running down his face. Everything is fuzzy and blurry, but the adrenaline kicks back in as his memory floods back at him.

Through his ringing ears, he hears someone screaming.

Midoriya is standing, fists balled, eyes a swirling storm of green and gold, but something is different. It’s not just his eyes; along the length of his scarred arms, his face, his ankles, every bit of exposed skin, are swirling tendrils of shining gold. His teeth are gritted, but his eyes are wide, emotionless. Flat. Dead.

He raises a foot, holds it, and slams it into the ground.

The Nomu lets out a horrendous roar of pain, thrashing and flailing. It releases Shouta and clamps its hands around its head instead, still roaring and shrieking in pain, like it’s being tortured.

But Shouta doesn’t feel a thing.

“Tsuyu-chan!” Ochako throws a punch at the closest villain, socking him right in the nose, and she hurries back to help Tsuyu off the ground where she’d been thrown. There’s a gash across Tsuyu’s face, but that seems to be the worst of it.

“There’re too many of them, Ochako-chan,” Tsuyu pants, scant of breath. “We can’t possibly--”

The villains begin to scream and shriek without warning, thrashing about, and Tsuyu and Ochako cling to each other a little tighter, stumbling back. They watch, wide-eyed and trembling, as the villains drop their weapons and hold their heads instead, still wailing in agony.

“What’s happening!?” Ochako gasps, pulling herself and Tsuyu back further.

“I don’t know,” Tsuyu answers, eyes wide. “Come on, let’s run for it while we can!”

Ochako nods, takes Tsuyu by the hand, and they flee the rockslide zone.

All the while, they don’t feel any of it.

The villain holding Kaminari by the throat quickly releases him in favor of screaming in pain, falling, and writhing on the ground.

“C’mon, run!” Jirou shouts, snatching Kaminari by the wrist and dragging him to his feet. “Let’s go, Yaoyorozu!”

Yaoyorozu nods and chases after them.

They don’t feel anything.

“I’ll wipe that smug look off your face,” the villain says, punching his fist into his open palm. “I think it’s about time you learn to respect your superiors.”

“Bold words from someone about to get his ass handed to him!” Bakugou snaps back, grinning wildly, but he doesn’t have the chance to do anything else. The villain doesn’t look smug anymore. He doesn’t look anything anymore. He stumbles back with a cry of shock, clutching his head for a moment. Something changes again, and he throws himself against the wall, shrieking.

Eijirou can only stare. Bakugou swears under his breath and grabs Eijirou by the wrist, yanking him back, and Eijirou can’t manage to get his feet underneath him.

He doesn’t know why, but it seems familiar. And the fact that he doesn’t feel anything is what really gets to him.

Midoriya, what are you doing?

All across the terrain, villains are dropping. Students are running. Escaping.

In front of Shouta, Midoriya stands, teeth gritted, hands shaking, while the villain stares back in terror. It seems he’s the only one here uneffected. All around Shouta, the villains with exception of “Tenko” are shrieking and wailing in pain. If Midoriya notices, he doesn’t care.

He grips his knives tighter. His eyes—bright golden—narrow into slits.

“I’m sorry,” the lead villain says, stepping backwards, and he moves his hands to clap over his ears as the roars and shrieks of villains flood forth. Shouta kind of wants to cover his ears, too. “I’m sorry, but you know I had no choice—”

"̧͘͜You͡͠ ̵d͜i̧͠d͞ h̡̧͠a̴v̕e͜͠͝ ͜͡a̸̵ ch̸̶o̷͜i̵̧͢ce.͢"̴  ̛Midoriya snarls with several voices, none of which sound like his own. "̵̡͠A̶nd҉ ņ̕o͝w̕̕͜ ̢͞y̢̕o̡̨͝u ̸͝ha̧ve̢ ͠͏t͢͟o҉ ̷̢͟o͡҉w̧n͠͠ ҉up ͢t͘o͠ ̸it!̸͝͡" ̨͝

He launches himself at Tenko and brings both of them to the ground.

They’re a tangle of limbs, fast movements, punches; Midoriya is relentless, and his tortured screams only add to the roaring din.

It’s the slime villain all over again, except Midoriya has completely lost it.

Shouta can only stare through vision blurred with blood. The noise makes it hard to think. The whole of the USJ is engulfed with the pandemonium, and conducting it all and adding to it is Midoriya himself.

Midoriya pins Tenko beneath him, one hand on his throat, the other hand pulling back a knife. Shouta sees the blade gleam in the overhead lights.

Midoriya’s teeth are gritted. His knife hand is shaking. Shouta knows he wouldn’t intentionally kill Tenko, but that’s not the point. He’s controlling the output of his Quirk, but that’s not the point either.

Midoriya has unleashed whatever monster he was afraid of. And he’s being consumed.

"C̴͠al̵̢l o͠f̷f̷̕ ̷̸͠t̶͝h̡̨͞e̵͢ ̸̶͜i͏͏n̵͟v̸̧a̧̛͠ş̷i͝o̢͞͞n҉̡͜,͝"͠ ̢ Midoriya demands with several voices intermingling with his own, but there’s a deep pain ebbed in the words that Shouta doesn’t miss. "͟Cal̵l̶͜͠ ̕it̶ ̷̕͡o̸f̧̡͢f̵̡̕, ͘͡T̨ę̷n͜k͟͜o̵."̸͘ 

Tenko looks him in the eyes. “You know I can’t do that.”

Midoriya grits his teeth. "͡Ţh̷̡͘a͢͠t̵'̶̛͝s͟ ̶y̷̢͜o̢u̡r̸͟ ̡c͢͠h͞o͞i̶̡c҉͢e̡.͝" 

Shouta doesn’t know why or how, but he finds his voice.

“Midoriya!”

There’s no way Midoriya should be able to hear him over everything else, but his head snaps in Shouta’s direction. Some sense of familiarity flickers in his dead eyes. He stills.

“It’s your Quirk, not the other way around!” Shouta snaps, voice hoarse from blood. “You have to fight it! Fight it!”

Midoriya blinks at him. The gold is outweighed by green.

D͏̵O̷͢͟ ̸̢͝I̸̧͠T̸̢͜͠, his Quirk roars. He feels the urge through his entire body. M̷̧͢A̵̴͘K͟͠͡E̴͜͝ ̷̶̴͡͝T͡H̶̸EM̸̵̴͝͝ ̵P̷̕͡A͘Y͝҉̡. M̷̧͢A̵̴͘K͟͠͡E̴͜͝ ̷̶̴͡͝T͡H̶̸EM̸̵̴͝͝ ̵P̷̕͡A͘Y͝҉̡. M̷̧͢A̵̴͘K͟͠͡E̴͜͝ ̷̶̴͡͝T͡H̶̸EM̸̵̴͝͝ ̵P̷̕͡A͘Y͝҉̡.

Izuku feels like he’s being torn apart from the inside out. There’s a weight on his shoulders, punctuated by the burn in his blood. Every part of him wants to keep it up. To make the villains suffer.

But that’s not the point of it.

The realization is a softer one. Gentle. As Tenko squirms beneath him trying to break free and Izuku’s knife hand hesitates, the world is engulfed with white once more.

That’s not the point of this.

Izuku looks around. He sees the world through white, through ringing ears. He sees the silhouettes of the villains he has under his power. He’s hurting them.

...I’m just repeating what I did to the slime villain, aren’t I?

Even this is a soft realization. One he’s subconsciously accepted but is only now coming to grasps with it.

Like a broken record…

The pain fades, and he feels weightless. He feels nothing.

...But if I keep doing this...then what’s the point of anything?

What’s the point of all those months spent training with Aizawa?

What’s the point of being here at all?

...

...

...

...Why do I want to be a hero?

He sees Kowareta’s face in his mind’s eye. Not as she was when she died, but as she was when she was alive and well, smiling. Scarred, but hopeful.

...That’s right…

Her image fades, and he’s looking down into Tenko’s eyes.

...If I keep doing this…

...Then I’m really no better than them, am I?

D͏̵O̷͢͟ ̸̢͝I̸̧͠T̸̢͜͠, his Quirk chants. D͏̵O̷͢͟ ̸̢͝I̸̧͠T̸̢͜͠,D͏̵O̷͢͟ ̸̢͝I̸̧͠T̸̢͜͠,D͏̵O̷͢͟ ̸̢͝I̸̧͠T̸̢͜͠,D͏̵O̷͢͟ ̸̢͝I̸̧͠T̸̢͜͠,D͏̵O̷͢͟ ̸̢͝I̸̧͠T̸̢͜͠,

No, Izuku responds, for the very first time. I won’t.

I can’t shut it off...

...But I can redirect it.

The insanity stops.

The villains drop to the ground like stones, cut off mid-shriek. There’s no dramatic finish, no final requiem, just... end. They lie there, still, unmoving, but alive. Tenko is still on the ground, pinned beneath Midoriya, and Midoriya stares down at him. A drop of blood rolls down his cheek like a tear.

And then Tenko reacts.

His hand shoots out like a snake and coils around Midoriya’s wrist. Midoriya is snapped back to reality again with a shriek, and he lets go of Tenko immediately and springs backwards, gasping hard and clutching his wrist. Blood runs down his fingertips.

“Dāku,” Tenko gasps, stumbling to his feet. “...What…”

Midoriya raises his head, teeth gritted, golden eyes narrowed. "Wh͠at͞ do yo̧u thi̕n͝k o̧f ͠m̧e͠ n͠ow͞, Tenko?͡" ͡ ̵  he asks. ̸"͝Do͝ y̧ou͜ st͟il̢l th͡in̵k ̛y̢ou҉ ͏c͢a̕n͞ c͏o̕n͜v͢ince͢ ̢me̶?͡"̡

Just like before, there are several voices. Several of them, overlapping each other, making the words hard to hear. But unlike before, Midoriya’s voice prevails through the others, louder and more confident. Demanding.

Midoriya is in control.

Tenko takes one large step backwards. “No, you can’t do this,” he says, shaking his head. “You’ve been brainwashed, this isn’t you, I know you don’t want to do this.”

Midoriya grits his teeth tighter and squeezes his eyes shut. The small splatter of blood beside his feet is growing.

"You͢ j̴usţ do͏n't̶ gęt i͏t̛,͘ d͏o͡ ͞yo̧u?̕"̨ ͟

Midoriya’s voice prevails through all the others. The golden tendrils spreading across the length of his skin shine brighter than before. When he lifts his head to meet Tenko’s eyes, Shouta sees a storm.

"Thi͟s i͏s͘ ̧w͢ho ̸I am̡,͡ T͞enko.̷"̵ Midoriya says. "͏Thi͏s is w͘h̢at I ͞am̧."͝
Chapter 17
Notes:

    I'm back!!! Again, I'm really sorry I haven't been able to respond to comments lately. I'm actually sick right now which sucks but y'know, I still wanted to post because!! You guys!! Rock!! (And my favorite chapter is coming up soon so asdklajsdl.)
    Thanks for your continued support, and before we launch into things, HERE'S SOME AMAZING ART!!

     

    eeveecat1248

     

    merlins-niece

     

    blossom-2207

     

    shades-to-blades

     

    icanceledart

     

    Enjoy the chapter! :D

Chapter Text

“Nomu! Grab him!”

In the end, that’s all the Nomu knows. Following orders. Despite the obvious, tremendous pain that it’s in, it shrieks and screeches and runs at Midoriya.

Shouta watches through blurred vision. Midoriya stands there, conducting the chaos, causing the storm, but he’s calm. Confident. Completely in control.

He narrows his eyes at the Nomu further, stretches out a single hand, and it slams to a stop as though it’d crashed into an invisible wall. It reels back, clutching its head, shaking madly.

And then it charges again, and the same thing happens. It slams to a halt, shrieks for a moment, then goes again.

Midoriya raises a single hand calmly. "͟D̶̛ǫwn҉,͏ ͜͞boy̴,̕"̨ he says, voice steady, and the Nomu hits the ground in an unmoving heap. It twitches, shuts its eyes, and its tongue lolls from the side of its mouth.

Midoriya lurches forward unexpectedly, barely managing to keep his feet beneath him. His demeanor has changed. He’d been calm and collected before, but now, he heaves for breath and clutches his chest.

The villain—Tenko, Midoriya had called him—stares with wide eyes at the Nomu, then up at Midoriya. “You…”

“Yeah. I did it again.” Midoriya’s voice shakes, and it sounds wet and thick. “I forgot I could do that...or, I guess, I forced myself to forget I could do that. That’s...that’s what I did to them all, that day... w-when—”

Midoriya coughs, wet and ragged, and cups his hands around his mouth. Tenko doesn’t seem to notice.

“I didn’t know you had such control over it,” the villain says, awestruck.

“I don’t.” Midoriya lowers his hands down from his mouth. There’s blood on them, and when he raises his head to meet Tenko’s eyes, blood rolls down his cheeks like tears. “I still can’t turn it off.”

Shouta finally snaps back to reality. He places his palms against the ground and pushes himself upright, slowly, but he can’t get far. His head is killing him.

I need to shut off his Quirk, he tells himself, raising his head. Midoriya has both hands clamped over his mouth again, and blood trickles from between his fingers. He’s going to kill himself.

He tries, drawing up strength he doesn’t have and flashing his Quirk at Midoriya—but he feels like he’s beating against waves. Pushing against a flood. Fighting against warring torrents of rushing something that won’t let him through.  

He doesn’t know if it’s his current state or the strength of Midoriya’s haywire Quirk, or perhaps a combination of both, but no matter how hard he tries and how deeply he looks into Midoriya’s eyes, he can’t turn his Quirk off.

Shouta can’t turn his Quirk off.

In front of him, as he tries again and again, the scene continues to play out. “You can’t win, Tenko,” Midoriya heaves, choking around his hands. “I’m not going with you. I can’t. I’m sorry.”

“You have to,” Tenko says, starting forward. “Dāku, please, come home. Sensei is waiting for you. If you don’t come now, he might never give you the chance again. We can help you.”

He reaches out. Midoriya throws himself backwards, stumbling, but he stays on his feet. Drops of blood mark the ground between him and Tenko, and more continues to pool in Midoriya’s narrowed eyes.

“I can’t.” Midoriya sounds almost like he’s about to cry. “Tenko, I—I can’t—”

The mist-like villain materializes beside him, bright yellow eyes urgent. “Shigaraki Tomura,” the villain says, “one of the students escaped.”

Tenko rounds on him, wide-eyed. “What?”

“They ran,” the mist villain answers regretfully. “I tried pursuing them after scattering the remaining students, but they were too quick.”

Tenko’s hands shake. “You let one of them go?”

“I’m sorry,” the villain says, “but it can’t be helped now. Our best bet now is to leave while we still have the chance.”

Shouta wants to stop them, but he knows that in his current state, he doesn’t stand a chance against them. What he really needs to do is shut Midoriya’s Quirk off, before he destroys himself.

He has Quirk suppressants, he reminds himself, and it gives him a jolt. He can use his Quirk suppressants—

By the very front of the building comes an explosion. Everyone turns, including Midoriya and Tenko and the other remaining, swarming villains.

“What the hell?” Tenko breathes, staring. “What’s—?”

“Reinforcements,” Midoriya hacks, swaying on his feet and almost falling over this time. “Reinforcements, Tenko, you idiot, what do you think it is?”

It’s All Might, that’s who it is. Shouta knows it without even seeing him. In a flash, things begin to change; the villains near the front of the facility are thrown off their feet. A cloud of smoke fills that space.

“We have to leave,” the mist villain says, voice growing more urgent. He opens his gate, and the swirling abyss of purple materializes in the space beside him. “We don’t have time—”

Tenko reaches out, grabs Midoriya by the wrist with every finger but his index one, and yanks him.

“You have to come with me,” Tenko says, frantic. “Dāku, I’m not leaving you behind—”

For a second, Shouta grabs his capture scarf, ready to blow cover and get Midoriya out of there, but something else happens.

Midoriya yanks out a knife with his free hand and slices Tenko’s index finger clean off.

Tenko screams, flinging himself away and releasing Midoriya in the process. Midoriya hits the ground on his side. His knife clatters against the terrain. The mist villain moves his warp gate closer, and Tenko, clutching his bleeding hand, begins to disappear in the mist.

“T-Tenko—” Midoriya’s eyes are wide with horror and fear, but there’s something else in his eyes that isn’t blood. “I’m sorry. Please—please, don’t let Sensei control you. You have to fight back, Tenko, please—”

“My name isn’t Tenko, either.”

The villain glares at him with narrowed, bloodshot eyes.

“My name is Shigaraki Tomura.”

The gate shuts on him, and both he and the mist-villain disappear. Midoriya lays on the ground, eyes blown wide, blood streaming freely like tears. Shouta never wants to see this kind of look on his face ever again.

A loud bang nearby shakes the ground, and Shouta doesn’t even have to look to know what it means. All Might is here. That’s enough. The villains are on the ground, anyway, but even if they weren’t, the only creature that posed so much as a threat to All Might was the Nomu, and it hasn’t moved an inch since Midoriya got to it. Shouta isn’t even sure it’s alive.

With All Might drawing the attention elsewhere, Shouta is free to move without getting jumped should the surrounding villains be less unconscious than they appear. Midoriya turns to look at him this time, but his hands are hands clamped around his mouth again, knives on the ground. He looks worse now that Shouta is closer, more pale. His eyes are almost entirely gold, and there are still tendrils spreading through his skin like ribbons.

“Hang in there, kid—” Shouta’s head is spinning, but he manages to pull one of the Quirk suppressant syringes from the cylinder by Midoriya’s empty sheaths. He takes Midoriya by the wrist, pulls his hand down, and steadies his arm. “Don’t fight anymore. Drop it. It’s okay.”

“I can’t.” Midoriya drags in ragged, quick breaths through gritted teeth. His golden eyes are wide. His pupils are different sizes. “I can’t, I can’t, I can’t—”

“Kid, breathe.” Shouta settles a hand on Midoriya’s shoulder, squeezing. “Breathe through it, kid. Breathe.”

Midoriya’s breathing gets worse. Harsher, more erratic. “I c-can’t, I can’t, I can’t, I can’t—”

Shouta grits his teeth., squeezing Midoriya’s shoulder again, but he’s hyperventilating now. Shouta can’t force back Midoriya’s Quirk on his own. He tried, but he can’t. Which means—

“I’m sorry, kid.” He injects him and pushes down the plunger. “Don’t fight anymore.”

The results are almost immediate. Midoriya’s eyes flicker to green, the gold fades from his arms, and he slumps forward, hands falling to his sides. Shouta catches him, shakes him, talks to him, but he’s unresponsive. Unconscious.

It’s for the best right now.

Except, that’s when he realizes how shallow Midoriya’s breathing has become. That’s when he realizes he can’t actually feel the kid’s shoulders rising and falling.

That’s when he realizes Midoriya isn’t really breathing at all.

“Eraserhead!”

Before the horror has a chance to settle in, Shouta turns his head. All Might passes him.

“I’ll make sure the villains don’t go anywhere,” All Might says, voice low. “Take Midoriya and go. Run.”  

Shouta doesn’t argue. As long as Midoriya is injured and unconscious, they’re vulnerable to surprise attacks. There’s really nothing more for Shouta to do here. He trusts All Might with it, rises to unsteady feet, and runs as fast as he dares. Midoriya remains motionless in his arms.

There’s no battle to be fought. All he’s doing is making sure the villains stay down, but there’s no battle. Not anymore. There aren’t any villains springing up at him. There’s no attack. There’s no “final showdown.”

The battlefield is covered by the bodies of unconscious, unmoving villains, and all All Might can do is stand there, shellshocked.

All Might glances over his shoulder. He sees Aizawa running with Midoriya limp in his arms. Unconscious. There’d been blood all over him when All Might arrived—in his hands, down his face—and the inhuman creature on the ground, the thing that looks like the one villain here that did stand a chance against him, is unmoving.

Midoriya is hurt. The monster is down. The battle has been fought and won, but All Might finds himself wondering just how great a victory it really is.

As he stands over the battlefield—an onlooker, not a soldier—his balled fists begin to tremble.

The students had needed him before this. Midoriya had needed him before this. Midoriya had needed him. Aizawa had needed him. They’d all needed him.

He should have been here sooner.

He should have been able to stop the villains before the students got involved.

He should have been here.

There aren’t any more villains to fight. They’re scattered across the ground, unmoving and injured. Defeated before All Might even arrived, and now the hero stands over the battlefield with gritted teeth and shaking hands.

They’d technically “won,” but with Midoriya hurt, this is no victory.

If anything, “victory” has never felt so much like defeat.

Bakugou is somehow kind enough to help Eijirou back to the front when his legs finally give out on him about halfway back. He doesn’t carry him, but he does sling Eijirou’s arm over his shoulders to help steady him, which Eijirou appreciates, but doesn’t say simply because he knows Bakugou won’t appreciate that.

The others are arriving. Uraraka, Tsuyu, Yaoyorozu, Jirou, Kaminari...Bakugou shrugs Eijirou off him the moment they’re spotted, and he storms off in the other direction while Uraraka and Tsuyu race towards him, worried.

“Are you okay?” Uraraka asks at once, eyes flickering down to his legs. “You look hurt.”

“I’m fine, just overused my Quirk a little,” Eijirou says, shaking his head. “Where are the others? Do you know if they’re okay?”

Tsuyu shakes her head. “We saw All Might on our way over here,” she says. “He’s making sure all the villains are down. But I don’t know about everyone else.”

Kouda rushes up to them, eyes wide with worry. Behind him, Sero, Satou, Aoyama, and Ashido file up the steps, glancing around; Ashido seems to be counting under her breath.

You guys are okay! Kouda says quickly, almost too quickly for Eijirou to pick up on it. I’m so glad. Where’s everyone else?

“We don’t know,” Eijirou answers, a pit forming in his stomach. He looks up at Uraraka and Tsuyu again. “The villains, when we were fighting them, they…”

They tense, eyes going wide, and that reaction enough tells Eijirou exactly what he wanted to know. Behind him, by complete coincidence, he hears Sero and Jirou talking.

“It was the weirdest freaking thing,” Sero is saying, eyes wide. “We were fighting them off and everything, it was going really well, but then they just started screaming like they were being tortured, or something. It was super scary.”

“That happened to us, too,” Jirou says, looking equally scared. “We didn’t stick around to see what was going on, we booked it while we had the chance.”

“Yeah, same here, but I kind of wish I knew what it was. That was freaky.”

They’d experienced it, too. All of them.

“Twelve,” Ashido says, once she’s done counting. “There are only twelve of us here. Iida is getting help, which means…”

Shouji, Mineta, Ojirou, and Hagakure arrive all at once. There’d been seven missing before; now there are only three. Todoroki, Tokoyami, and...Izuku. Missing. No one knows where they are.

But it’s when Eijirou is looking toward the steps that one of those answers comes to light.

His stomach leaps into his throat. His heart stammers in his chest. His ears ring.

Aizawa is running towards them, teeth gritted. There’s blood running down the center of his face from his forehead, but that’s not what scares him.

Izuku is in Aizawa’s arms, limp, bloody. His eyes are closed.

Eijirou is aware of Uraraka’s choked gasp, Tsuyu’s wide eyes, Kouda’s hands held against his mouth. Everyone else is staring, too. Even Bakugou. But none of that matters at all.

Aizawa settles Izuku on the ground, gently, and the trance is broken. Eijirou runs forward, and following his lead are Tsuyu, Uraraka, Kouda, Yaoyorozu, and Kaminari.

“Don’t crowd him,” Aizawa says, voice sharp and demanding, as always, but there’s a waver there that Eijirou barely notices. “He was coughing up blood, give him space.”

“Blood?” Uraraka repeats, wide eyes going wider. “What happened?”

“He overused his Quirk.” Aizawa’s fingers curl around Izuku’s wrist and press down. Eijirou hadn’t noticed at first, but Aizawa isn’t radiating his usual energy. He seems afraid. “He’s not breathing properly. His pulse is faint.”

“Is there anything we can do?” Tsuyu asks, hopping forward. Eijirou can’t bring himself to say anything. “There has to be something.”

“All his injuries are internal,” Aizawa cuts in, and his tone is harsh, but Eijirou knows now that it’s only because he’s worried. “We can’t do anything for him, not until—”

There’s commotion from outside, and through the blown-out double doors run Iida, followed closely by the staff of U.A. and a group of top-ranking pro heroes.

“I brought help!” Iida choruses loudly; everyone by the steps hear him, but Eijirou’s ears are still ringing. He can’t breathe. “Aizawa-sensei, I—”

Iida freezes, eyes locked on Izuku’s still form. He opens his mouth as though to say something, but no sound comes out.

Aizawa maintains a level-head, though he keeps his fingers on Izuku’s wrist. “All Might is securing the villains,” he informs the heroes, swinging an arm that way to point. “I’m sure he doesn’t need it, but that’s where we need the most help. We’re still missing two students—Todoroki, Tokoyami. And Thirteen is still gone as well.”

“We found Thirteen in the shipwreck zone!” Sero says, rushing forward with Mineta. “They said they were going to go see if they could find the other students!”

“We’re on it!” Snipe says, and he and the group of pros take off. Eijirou barely notices.

“Move over!”

He’s pushed aside by the school’s nurse, Recovery Girl. Ochako and Tsuyu leap out of the way to let her through, and she kneels by Izuku and begins checking him over. She and Aizawa converse in low tones as Aizawa fills her in, but it’s all noise in Eijirou’s ears.

He tears his eyes away and stares at the fountain where it’d all began. The warp-gate had formed there. Izuku had reacted first.

It should have been Eijirou. He should have been the one to move first, but when it came down to it, he hadn’t done anything.

He hadn’t done anything.

“His pulse dropped.”

Something has changed in Aizawa’s tone, and Eijirou whirls around again. There’s something in Aizawa’s eyes that hadn’t been there before, something deep. Something that strikes Eijirou right through the chest.

Recovery Girl takes Izuku’s other wrist for a moment. There’s a beat. And then, she swears under her breath and jumps to her feet.

“There’s an ambulance outside,” she says quickly, tone urgent. “Follow me. We have to hurry.”

“Wait—” Iida starts forward, wide-eyed. “What is it? What’s wrong?”

“He needs more than what I can do for him here,” Recovery Girl says, and there’s something truly frightening in her eyes. Something Eijirou doesn’t want to put his finger on. “Stay here.”

Aizawa takes Izuku into his arms again, and then they’re gone. The whirring of a siren fills Eijirou’s ears. There’s still blood on the ground, Izuku’s blood. A part of him wants to say something to the others, maybe offer a word of encouragement to Uraraka or Tsuyu or Kouda, or even Iida, but—

He’s frozen.

There’s nothing. He hears nothing, sees nothing. He feels things, sharp things, dark things. There’s darkness around him, in him, suffocating. He can’t hear. He can’t see. Everything is nothing. The nothing surrounds him, and it consumes him. It hurts. It hurts it hurts it hurts, he wants it to stop so badly, he needs it to stop, it has to stop make it stop makeitstopmakeitstopmakeitstop—

He thinks he hears something now. Shouts. Demands. Worried voices. Frantic voices. There’s business around him. He can’t see. He can’t make out their words. He can’t breathe. The darkness is consuming him. It’s there. It’s there and it’s closer than ever.  

He thinks, vaguely, that he deserves this darkness. This darkness within him, this darkness around him, whatever darkness he creates. Tenko’s eyes are burned into the backs of his eyelids. Kowareta’s dead body is burned into his soul. So is the unmoving Nomu. Aizawa’s blood.

It’s suffocating him. It’s choking him.

You’ve become everything you hated, Dāku.

You’ve become the monster of someone else’s nightmare.

He’s drowning in darkness. It hurts so badly, it hurts so badly, but this is it. This is him. This is who he is.

D ā k u

“Kitten!”

His eyes snap open. The darkness cuts abruptly. The pain cuts abruptly. He can hear again. He can see again.

He sees her. She’s just like he remembered; long, flowing black hair, soft green eyes, a smiling face. The only difference is that there are no scars or bandages to be seen.

She beams at him a little brighter, and Izuku bolts. Around them is darkness, nothingness, but their surroundings don’t matter. She runs toward him, too, holding out her arms. They slam into each other; Izuku’s arms go around her waist tightly, and she wraps her arms around his shoulders.

“It’s great to see you again, Kitten.”

“Dammit, we’re losing him!”

A nurse had bandaged Shouta’s head as soon as they were in the ambulance, but their focus isn’t on him anymore. The sirens are still whirring, Shouta can hear them faintly through the walls of the ambulance and the business around him. Recovery Girl has both hands placed over Midoriya’s chest, teeth gritted; two other doctors cramped into the small space are dragging out medical equipment from drawers and cabinets. One of them is a heart monitor. The other is a defibrillator.

There’s nothing Shouta can do except clasp Midoriya’s hand and hope for some kind of a miracle.

Izuku steps out of Kowareta’s arms, and she releases him, too. She slides her hands up to his shoulders and looks into his eyes, still smiling brightly at him.

“You’ve grown up, haven’t you?” she murmurs, more of a statement than a question, and she brushes a stray lock of hair away from his eyes. Her smile turns sad. “I’m glad.”

Something in his chest constricts. “You couldn’t,” he chokes, and his eyes burn. “Ko-chan, I’m—I’m sorry, I’m so sorry—”

“No, Kitten, don’t.” She tilts his chin so they meet each other’s eyes, and she’s still smiling, even now, but then again, she’s always been like that. She’s always been the kind of person to smile no matter what. “Don’t. I’m not upset with you. It was never your fault. I’m glad you got away like you did.”

She lets go of his face, and Izuku can’t bring himself to keep his head raised.

“You have a good life now, don’t you?” Kowareta laughs, and it sounds very broken. “It’s the life I always wanted for you. Well, I—I wanted it for us, but...the fact that you’re here, now...the fact that you’re safe, that’s—that makes me really happy, Izuku.”

“But—” Izuku feels vaguely like he’s being strangled. “I couldn’t save you, Ko-chan. I wanted this life for us. For all three of us, not just—not just for me.”

“I know.” Kowareta takes his hands in his, and for once, her smile fades. “I know. It didn’t turn out how we wanted to at all, did it, Izuku? Things never really turned out for us the way we wanted…”

Izuku swallows hard. “Ko-chan—”

“But you’re still alive.” Kowareta looks him dead in the eyes, very serious. “You’re still alive, Izuku, and so is Tenko. You’re alive, you’re surrounded by people who love you, and...I don’t think it’s too late for Tenko. I don’t think you should give up on him.”

It’s all too much. Izuku almost can’t handle it. He feels like he’s going to burst, and the aching pain within him is worse than ever.

“...Izuku…I’m proud of you.” Kowareta threads their fingers together. “I’ve always been proud of you. Everything you are, everything you do, what you’ve become…” She smiles again, and tears well in her eyes. “You’ve got so much going for you, Kitten, so very much. And you’re going to be a hero. You’re going to be a hero, and you’re going to help so many people. You’re going to save so many people.”

Izuku chokes. He isn’t crying. He feels vaguely like he’s being stabbed repeatedly in the gut.

“I-I couldn’t save you.”

Kowareta takes his face in her hands again, gentle. “...Kitten...I don’t have time to tell you everything I want to, but...if you could do one thing. One thing. Just for me.”

Izuku nods, and she leans forward until their foreheads touch.

“Make your peace.” The look in her eyes speaks of a plea, but her voice is firm and unwavering. “Please. Find your peace. Forgive yourself. You’re surrounded by so many people now who love you, Kitten. It’s even more than what I’d hoped for you. But...if you can...somehow...someday...eventually...please.” Her voice breaks. “Make your peace. You aren’t a monster, Kitten. You never were.”

“K-Ko-chan—”

“That’s all I ask.” She shuts her eyes and squeezes his hand. “Please. Find your peace...and live your life. I couldn’t imagine anything that would make me happier.”

Izuku wants to object, but can’t. He shuts his eyes with a shuddering exhale and squeezes her hand back.

“...I’ll try.”

“Clear!”

A jolt. Overwhelming pain. He gasps. He still can’t see, he still can’t move, but he isn’t drowning anymore. He breathes.

 

And then he opens his eyes.
Chapter 18
Notes:

    HI GUYS!!! So I've decided I'm going to put my author's notes at the beginning now instead of at the end. Y'know, so I don't break the immersion once you guys start reading. :D I have quite a few chapters I've been stocking up ever since my heart procedure, so I'm going to be trying to update every couple of days or so at least until I catch up! Thank you all for your continued support!! I'm like 99% sure I responded to all your comments last time around, but if I didn't, I'm really sorry and your support still means the world to me!!

    No art this time around, but thanks to everyone who has done me things!! Enjoy the chapter everyone! (This one's actually my favorite chapter in the story thus far :D)

    Disclaimer: please do not attempt the Knife Game. Just. Don't.

Chapter Text

He’s in the hospital, white walls and white ceiling and white sheets beneath him. His vision is blurry, but not blurry enough to keep him from taking in his surroundings with clarity. There’s a bouquet of flowers on the bedside table, along with his phone, and a colorful card with nineteen names signed on its front in all different print, sizes, and levels of neatness.

Izuku blinks up at the ceiling for a while longer, utterly spent. Now that some of his awareness is returning, he notices tubes against his face, up his nose, around his ears; there’s an IV needle in his wrist, a stand by the bed. Izuku squints up at one of the bags hanging on the IV stand; it takes a little while, but he makes out the words Quirk Suppressants , printed boldly.

So...we’re doing this again...

He turns to stare at the ceiling for a while longer, eyes half shut.

...Ko-chan…

The door of the hospital room swings open, and in walks a doctor Izuku has seen before on many occasions, but can never remember the name of. The doctor sees his open eyes, and some of the creased wrinkles on his face smooth out.

“Ah, you’re awake. That’s good.” The doctor crosses the room and settles his clipboard on the table, reaching for his stethoscope. “Let me check your breathing real fast, then you can sleep again, alright?”

Izuku doesn’t really feel like sleeping again, but he nods and lets the doctor do his thing. It’s hard to take deep breaths as he’s instructed to, but the doctor doesn’t seem to see anything wrong. If anything, when he steps back and slings the instrument around his neck, he seems quite relieved.

“I’ll leave you on oxygen for now,” he says, taking up his clipboard again, “but you’re lucky, Midoriya-kun. Very lucky. Although…” He lets out a long sigh and shakes his head. “I am getting tired of seeing you here. Try taking better care of yourself and not do such reckless things, alright?”

Izuku can barely manage a nod. “M-Mom,” he croaks, wincing at his sore throat. “Where…?”

“She’s speaking with someone in hospitality,” the doctor answers with a small smile. “Would you like me to get her?”

Izuku nods, and the doctor departs.

His memories of what’d happened at the USJ are foggy at best, but he does remember. It just feels like something out of a surreal dream and not something that actually happened.

With some difficulty, he sits up. His head spins a moment, but once it’s over, he’s able to think clearly again. He reaches over, takes the card off the side table, then considers the flowers. They’re all really pretty, but some of them have wilting petals. They’ve been here a while.

I wonder how long I was out…

Izuku puts it out of his mind for now and opens the card.

It’s a trainwreck of colors and doodles and a name thrown in every now and then. There are a bunch of little cats doodled at the bottom of the card, chasing after butterflies, pawing at little flowers. They’re colored in blue, green, and pink; the colors of Ochako’s pens.

There are messages, too, some in fine, careful print and others so messy it looks like they were written with their non-dominant hand. Lots of “we love you”s and “get better”s and encouragements all around, so much so that Izuku feels a little overwhelmed and bombarded. And warm.

He sets the card back on the side table just as the door opens, and Mom rushes in. Izuku barely has time to turn back around before she has him in her arms, holding him gently but tightly. He hugs her back and buries his face against her shoulder, feeling safe and secure. He knows that he’s been in the hospital enough times for his mother to take it all in stride now, but he also knows that it’s hard for her even so. He lets her hold him for as long as she wants.

She pulls away eventually, framing his face between her hands and looking into his eyes. “Are you okay?” she asks, sternly, but not without concern. “How do you feel?”

Izuku bites his lip. “I’m...okay,” he croaks, voice still weak. “How...how long have I been here?”

She lowers her hands from his face and sits beside him on the bed, taking his hand. “A little under a week,” she murmurs quietly. “Your teacher, Aizawa, he filled me in on the situation. Your life was in danger for a while. We were all so worried.”

Izuku’s first thoughts go to Aizawa, Kirishima, Ochako, Tsuyu, and Kouda. Then to the rest of his classmates shortly afterwards.  

“Is everyone okay?” Izuku asks, because that’s what he really wants to know now. “Aizawa-sensei, my classmates, are any of them here?”

“None of them are admitted in the hospital, no,” Mom answers; she wraps an arm around his shoulders, and he leans into her without thinking about it. “Aizawa had a minor concussion, but he isn’t here anymore. They were able to treat Eijirou in U.A.’s medical facility—”

“Kirishima?” Izuku’s heartrate spikes. “What happened to him? Is he okay?”

“He’s fine, calm down,” Mom assures him quickly, squeezing his shoulders. “He sprained both legs pretty badly, but he’s fine now. He’s been in the waiting room here every day, you know. And...so have a few of your other classmates. Ochako, Tsuyu, Kouji, and...Tenya, I believe.”

“Iida?” Izuku isn’t surprised that the former four would be here, worried, but Iida, too? “Are they here now, or…?”

Mom shakes her head. “They wanted to be here every day, but as soon as the doctors assured them you’d pull through, I managed to coax them to go home. They want to visit you, though. They’re worried.”

Izuku looks down at his and Mom’s joined hand. He thinks about Kowareta. About the villains. “Inko-san, I—the attack, at U.A.” Mom tenses; he doesn’t miss it. “What do you think about it?”

Mom is quiet for a time, but then she squeezes his hand. “We’ll talk about it later,” she promises, kissing his forehead. “Right now isn’t a good time. Once you’re home and rested, we’ll talk about it. Right now...there’s someone who wants to talk to you for a bit, if you’re okay with that.”

Izuku blinks.  “...I’m okay with it,” he says, nodding. “For a little while, at least. Who is it…?”

“Hold on just a second, I’ll get him.” Mom rises to her feet, kisses his head again, then turns and disappears out the door. Izuku frowns at the door for a long moment; and then, when it opens again, Mom walks in, followed by a man with sandy blond hair and warm eyes.

“Hello, Midoriya-kun,” he greets with a gentle, familiar smile. “It’s been some time since I’ve last seen you.”

Izuku blinks. “...Hello, Kagami-san.”

“He really doesn’t want anything to do with me, does he?”

Mom reaches behind her, settles a hand on Izuku’s back. “It’s not his fault,” she says as he clings to her leg. “He’s like this with everyone.”

“I understand.” The man nods, scooting backwards in his chair. “Your name is Izuku, isn’t it?”

Izuku doesn’t say anything. He buries his face against the back of Mom’s leg, squeezing tightly. She strokes his shoulder gently in response.

“It’s okay if you don’t want to talk to me, Izuku. You don’t have to right now. Whenever you’re ready. But, if you’ll take it, I want to give this to you.”

Izuku hears the wheels turn as he moves his chair closer again. “Izuku, look,” Mom says, tapping his shoulder. “Look, Izuku.”

Izuku pulls his face away and opens his eyes. The man has a hand outstretched towards him, though he’s still a considerable distance away, and in his hand he’s holding a fluffy stuffed bear.

“You can have him, if you’d like him,” the man says, smiling gently. In a way, he reminds Izuku of Mom; patient, calm, safe. “He’s yours.”

Maybe it’s the man’s tone of voice, maybe it’s the stuffed animal, but either way, Izuku comes out from behind his mother’s legs, snatches the bear into his arms, then retreats right back to where he’d been hiding moments before.

The man laughs softly. “It’s a start,” he says. “My name is Kagami, Midoriya-kun. If you’ll let me, I would like to help you.”

Izuku has always, always liked his therapist. Ever since he was nine years old and met him for the first time, Kagami-san has been nothing but understanding, soft spoken, and kind. He was the first male figure in Izuku’s life that he wasn’t threatened by.

Plus, Kagami-san gave him that stuffed bear, which he still has on his bed along with all the other ones. He hasn’t forgotten that moment.

“Been a little while since we last spoke, hasn’t it?” Kagami says, folding his hands. Mom is waiting outside the door, where she’s been ever since Izuku told her that he’d be okay talking to Kagami on his own. “How have you been, Midoriya?”

“I’m fine,” Izuku answers, unsure yet of whether or not he’s lying. “I made some friends. I think they like me.”

“I’m glad.” Kagami nods to himself for a moment, then shifts his chair a bit closer. “I wanted to talk to you about your Quirk for a bit, Midoriya, if you will.”

Something in Izuku’s chest flares. His heartrate speeds up, his palms are suddenly sweaty, his eyes go wide—

“Okay, none of that, then,” Kagami says quickly. His smile doesn’t fade, but the feeling in Izuku’s chest does. “I wanted to speak with you about that primarily, but since you don’t feel up to it, I’ll move to the next thing.”

“Shoot.”

“A lot of this, you’ll have to discuss with your mother,” Kagami says, “but, I spoke with her earlier, and she and I both agree that you should have an emotional support animal.”

Izuku blinks. “An emotional support animal?”

“Or a therapy animal, whichever,” Kagami answers, nodding. “It’s something that we’d have to look into a bit more, but yes. I spoke with your mother about this once before, but with recent happenings, I think it’s more important now than ever. We could even train your animal to fetch your Quirk suppressants when you need them, or go to someone for help.”

Izuku ponders this for a long time. An emotional support animal. Now that he thinks about it, he’s surprised this wasn’t something they’d thought of sooner.

He nods. “I think that’s a good idea.”

“I thought you would,” Kagami says with a smile, and he rises to his feet. “I won’t keep you from your rest any longer,” he says, “but, sometime soon, I really would like to discuss your Quirk with you. Not now, and it’s not something you need to worry about, but eventually, we do need to talk about it.”

Izuku bites his lip. No doubt, Kagami got a report from Naomasa regarding the incident, considering he is Izuku’s therapist and whatnot. Still, though, even Izuku doesn’t want to think about what he’d done at the USJ. Strapping THREAT to each villain like a target, unleashing the full range and power of his Quirk, overloading their senses until all they knew was pain…

He kind of wants to throw up, but instead of doing that, he nods shakily.

“Okay.”

Kagami’s smile turns softer, almost sad, and he retreats from the room without another word.

Izuku doesn’t get any visitors—unless you count Rainbow, who Mom smuggled in without anyone noticing. Rainbow is the smallest of Izuku’s cats aside from Shiny and Diamond, who are too young to be traveling about, so Mom was able to tuck Rainbow under her coat and get her in undetected.

Aside from the cat, Izuku and Mom are alone in the room. The card on Izuku’s bedside table is a reminder that, yes, his friends do care for him, and even though they can’t visit, that reminder is enough. He’s not upset with them. He harbors no bad feelings towards them. He misses them, sure, but he’ll see them all soon enough; when that time comes, he’ll be able to thank them in person for the flowers and the card.

Apparently, Recovery Girl had healed his body while he was unconscious, so as soon as he’s off oxygen and they doctors are positive his Quirk is stable, he’s free to go.  Mom handles the discharge papers at the front desk, and when it’s all said and done, she returns to the room, where Izuku has Rainbow tucked under one of the hoodies Mom brought him from home.

“We’re free to head out, Izuku,” she says, smiling. “You ready?”

Izuku nods, and they’re homeward bound. Izuku sits in the backseat while Mom drives; the Quirk suppressants, while not as concentrated as the stuff he has in the syringes, still leaves him dizzy and exhausted, so he’s better off laying in the backseat to try and avoid getting carsick. Rainbow is about as much help as she can be, curling against his chest and purring to her heart’s content, which isn’t much, but enough to keep Izuku occupied until they get home.  

Mom helps him out of the car, and the steps leading up to their apartment have never been such a pain to scale. Mom murmurs something about moving somewhere more accessible, then fumbles for her keys and swings open the apartment front door.

Izuku makes a bee-line for his bedroom, sets the little card from his friends on the bedside table, then faceplants the mound of stuffed animals on his bed. Rainbow squirms in his hold, and he lets her go, but he isn’t alone for long; the other cats have noticed his arrival and are welcoming him home by meowing, trilling, and eventually just climbing on top of him.

He’s smothered in them, but that’s okay. His exhaustion catches up with him in no time at all, and he falls into a dreamless slumber.

He wakes up to an annoying buzz in his back pocket.

Without opening his eyes, he pulls out his phone. He feels the weight of his cats against his back and all around him, but it doesn’t bother him. It’s comforting. He holds the phone up to his face and cracks his eyes open, squinting against the invading light.

[Kiri-chan]
Hey buddy!! Inko-san told me you were getting discharged today!! That’s awesome!! :D How’s it going? How do you feel?

Izuku blinks slowly at the phone, then rolls over on his back (mindful of the cats, of course), holds his phone above him, and swipes the keypad.

[Midoriya Izuku]
hi kiri. i’m exhausted.

He doesn’t mean anything by it. All he’s doing is stating a fact, but it seems Kirishima takes it the wrong way.

[Kiri-chan]
Oh crap dude I didn’t even think. I’m sorry. I’ll leave you alone so you can rest, alright? Sorry for bugging you. Feel better!

[Midoriya Izuku]
wait no i was just answering your question
about how i’m doing. i’m exhausted but i still wanna talk.

[Kiri-chan]
Oh, uh, are you sure? You really don’t have to keep talking to me just because I wanna talk, it’s fine if you’d rather rest.

[Midoriya Izuku]
i’ve been sleeping since i got home.
i’m fine really.

[Kiri-chan]
No don’t worry about it man, just get some rest.
Logging off now, don’t worry about me. Ttyl! :D

Izuku lets out a heaving groan, drops out of his messages with Kirishima, and pulls open another conversation.

[MESSAGING: “MOM”]

[Midoriya Izuku]
hi inko-san

[Mom]
Hi Izuku! Are you okay? Do you need me to go over there?

[Midoriya Izuku]
no i’m fine i just wanted to ask if kirishima could come over.

[Mom]
That’s fine with me!! As long as you’re okay with having him over, then I don’t mind at all :)

[Midoriya Izuku]
thank you :)
i’ll let him know

[MESSAGING: “KIRI-CHAN”]

[Midoriya Izuku]
hey dude guess what you’re coming over for dinner

[Kiri-chan]
I WHAT

Kirishima arrives not long after that, a mess of hastily said apologies and embarrassed laughter. Izuku is on the couch when he gets there, having moved there from his room, and he waves Kirishima in.

“I told you it was fine,” Kirishima says, sinking down next to him on the couch. “I told you, man, it was fine.”

“Yeah sure but I missed you,” Izuku says shortly. “It was sweet of you guys to make me that card. Who originally thought of it?”

“We kinda all did, actually.” Kirishima rubs the back of his neck again, but he seems distracted. “Tsuyu was the one who first said it out loud, but we were all thinking it before that.”

Izuku nods, but watches Kirishima closely out of the corner of his eye. “...You’re not telling me something.”

Kirishima tenses, and that alone is enough to tell Izuku that he struck gold.

“Look, Kirishima...you don’t have to tell me everything,” Izuku goes on, detangling Marshmallow’s claws from the couch cushion when she gets stuck, “but if there’s something on your mind, I’d rather you tell me now than hold it back. The longer you keep it locked up the harder it is to talk about.”

Kirishima lets out a long, heaving sigh, but nods eventually. “You’re right, you’re right, I know,” he says, running a hand through his hair. “Can we...talk somewhere more privately? Alone?”

“Sure.” Izuku scoops Diamond and Fluffy out of his lap and deposits them on the floor. “Does my room work?”

“That’s fine,” Kirishima says, rising to his feet. “Do you need help or—?”

“I’ve got it,” Izuku says, pushing himself off the couch. He sways for a second, but doesn’t tip over. “Thanks, though. Should we go?”

Kirishima nods stiffly, and Izuku leads the way. He flicks on the lights before stepping into the room, and once Kirishima has joined him, Izuku shuts the door behind them and moves to sit on the edge of his bed. He pats the spot beside him, but Kirishima doesn’t accept the invitation.

“What’s the matter?” Izuku asks, frowning. It’s got to be serious; Kirishima really, really isn’t acting like himself. “If you’re still worried about what happened at the USJ—”

“No, that’s—that’s not it,” Kirishima says, shaking his head.

Izuku frowns, brows furrowing. “Then what?”

Kirishima sucks in a long breath and lets it out in a rush. “Dude, I’m...I’m about to tell you something that I really shouldn’t tell anybody. And once it’s out, I...I want you to forget we ever even had this conversation. Okay?”

“...Okay.” Izuku is worried now. Something’s wrong. “What is it?”

Kirishima takes in a long breath, shuts his eyes, then lets it out. “Dude...ever since I met you, you’ve been completely open with me. If I had a question, if I wanted to know something, you told me. Even if it was stuff you didn’t wanna share. Even if it was something personal. Even if it hurt.”

Izuku swallows hard. “Go on…?”

“I’ve been keeping something from you,” Kirishima blurts. “For the past couple of months, I’ve been keeping something from you, Midoriya, even after you told me what you went through. And then—” Kirishima’s voice rises in volume and pitch. It cracks and wavers at the end. “And then you almost died at the USJ. You almost sacrificed yourself for all of us, and I don’t know, it just reminded me of how much you meant to me. It reminded me of what it’d be like to lose you, and—”

“Kirishima, just—” Izuku almost doesn’t want to know. “Just say it.”

Kirishima drags in a shuddering breath. “All Might gave me his Quirk,” he says, then braces himself like he’s waiting for an explosion. “It’s called One For All. It’s a Quirk that can be passed down from user to user, stockpiling the strength of its past holders and cultivating it. Perfecting it. And he passed it on to me. He chose me to be his successor.”

Izuku’s lungs deflate. “Oh,” he breathes, feeling suddenly lightheaded with relief. “I already knew that.”  

He realizes a second later, when Kirishima’s eyes go comically wide and his mouth hangs open, that he should’ve gone about this more delicately.

“YOU WHAT?”

Izuku flinches, but pushes past it and nods. “Yeah, I’ve known it for a long time now. You’re not exactly subtle, and All Might had already talked to me about it, before, when he met me in the hospital after the slime villain thing.”

Kirishima looks dazed. “So I was worried about it all this time for nothing,” he breathes, finally sinking down beside Izuku on the bed. “Dude, if you knew about it then why didn’t you say anything?”

“I wanted you to be the one to tell me, when you were ready,” Izuku answers simply. “I didn’t wanna just come up to you like ‘Hey so how’s All Might’s Quirk workin’ out for you huh?’ That wouldn’t have gone well.”

“I know but, you could’ve said—you could’ve said something.” Kirishima’s tone changes again. It becomes thicker and heavier. “You almost died at the USJ, Izuku, and I—I would’ve—I would’ve thought I’d lied to you.”

Izuku frowns at him. “Kiri-chan, it couldn’t’ve been that bad—”

“You were puking blood, Izuku, freaking blood,” Kirishima snaps at him, and Izuku falls silent. “You flatlined twice, the doctors didn’t know whether or not you were gonna live, we were all so scared, none of us knew what to do, we thought you were gonna die just because you wanted to be a sacrificial idiot and none of us would’ve been able to do anything, I just—I was scared, Izuku, I was so damn scared.”

Izuku doesn’t know what else to do, so he scoots closer and wraps his arms around Kirishima’s waist tightly.

Kirishima reacts immediately, encircling Izuku with his arms and squeezing almost too tightly, but not quite. He rests his chin atop Izuku’s head and draws in a long, shuddering breath.

“You almost died,” Kirishima strains, and Izuku feels him shake his head. “You almost died and I wouldn’t’ve been able to do a damn thing about it—”

Izuku doesn’t try convincing Kirishima otherwise. For now, he lets him rant and ramble and hold him tightly, and it stays this way for a very long time.  

“Tsuyu wants to come over and see you,” Kirishima says; he’s sitting on the couch with Izuku again, maybe ten or fifteen minutes after what’d happened in Izuku’s room. “And so does Kouda. And Uraraka. And Iida. They’re really worried.”

Izuku thinks of what he’d seen, meeting Kowareta in a dark, dream-like landscape. He thinks about Kirishima’s words, about him coughing up blood, about him almost dying…

“Do you have their numbers?” Izuku asks, turning to him, and Kirishima nods and passes over his phone.

“They should be in there,” he says. “I got them when we were talking about making the card.”

Izuku makes quick work of scrolling through Kirishima’s contacts and adding Tsuyu’s, Ochako’s, Kouda’s, and Iida’s numbers to his phone. He hands Kirishima’s device back to him, then, on a whim, makes a new chatroom.

 

[MESSAGING: “GROUP CHAT”]

[Midoriya Izuku]
Hi everybody.

[Ochako]
IZUKU!! YOU’RE OKAY!!

[Midoriya Izuku]
Got discharged from the hospital today.

[Tsuyu]
How do you feel, Izu-chan? Any better?

[Midoriya Izuku]
I do feel better. Still kind of exhausted but doing better.

[Kouda]
Are you sure? Or are you just saying that so we don’t worry about you?

[Kiri-chan]
I’m sitting next to him on the couch yeah he’s fine. Kinda wiped out but fine.

Izuku glares at him over the top of his phone. Kirishima beams innocently at him and goes back to scrolling.

[Iida]
I’m glad to hear you’re doing better, Izuku. We were all very worried for you.

[Tsuyu]
Kirishima are you at Izu-chan’s house?

[Midoriya Izuku]
Apartment, and yes he is.

[Tsuyu]
Would it be too much to ask if we could come visit?
We’ve been wanting to see you for a long time. I think it’d put all of our hearts at ease.

Kirishima shoots him a concerned glance, but Izuku waves him off quickly and swipes his fingers across the screen.

[Midoriya Izuku]
I’ll have to check with my mom to make sure it’s okay,
But I’d really like to see all of you guys again too so I’m down.

[Ochako]
Oh yay!! That’s great!!
Does tomorrow work at all? Is that okay?

[Midoriya Izuku]
Unless something changes I think it’s fine.
I’ll ask Mom and get back to you guys on that.

[Iida]
Sounds good. And if you aren’t feeling up to it, Midoriya, just let us know. There’s always another day.

[Midoriya Izuku]
I’m sure it’ll be fine but I’ll keep that in mind.
Cya soon.

[Tsuyu]
See you. Rest well.

[Ochako]
Talk to you later!

[Kouda]
Tell Rainbow I say hi. Give her a really big hug from me.

[Kiri-chan]
I’ll make sure he takes care of himself. See you guys later.

“Please. Find your peace...and live your life. I couldn’t imagine anything that would make me happier.”

Izuku doesn’t sleep at all that night, and around three in the morning, he throws off the blankets, slips on a hoodie, and treks down the hallway to his mother’s room. He hears the small pitter-pattering of his cats following after him.

She leaves the door unlocked, always, for whenever he needs her, and he pushes it open and shuffles inside, a lump in his throat and knots in his chest. She’s sleeping, it seems, and he hates to wake her, but she’d told him to get her if he needed anything, and right now, he feels like there’s a gaping hole in his heart.

“Inko-san.” He shakes her shoulder. “Inko-san?”

She’s awake in an instant, sitting upright and rubbing the sleep from her eyes. “Izuku?” she asks groggily, blinking at him. “What’s wrong? Is it another nightmare, or…?”

“N-Not...not exactly.” Izuku bites his lip. “I...I wanted to know if you still have the...the location. For that place.”

Mom’s eyes widen. “Izuku, I—yes, sweetheart, I have it, but—are you sure? Do you want me to go with you?”

“I’m not going now,” Izuku says, shifting his weight, “and...and I’m sure. Please.”

Mom chews on her bottom lip for a moment, but nods and slides out of bed. “Here, I’ll get it for you,” she says, crossing the room towards her dresser, and Izuku waits. She presses a folded piece of paper into his hands moments later, closing his fingers around it.

“Whenever you’re ready,” she says, kissing him on the head, and he thanks her, tucks the paper in his hoodie pocket, and goes back to bed. He still doesn’t sleep, and the hole in his heart feels bigger than ever.

She doesn’t mention it the next morning, but when he asks her if he could have a couple friends over, of course she’s down for it. He’d always known she would be. She loves when Kirishima comes over to spend time with him, so when Izuku asks her the next morning if he can have an additional four friends come to visit, she’s positively ecstatic.

Izuku is worried, at first. He loves these new friends he’s made, but he isn’t sure how his mental state is going to cope with them all together here in a small space. He thinks about it all day, and along with that, he thinks about what Mom gave him last night, and about Kowareta, about whether or not the vision he’d seen was really her, or just some fabrication of his own makings.

He wastes the entire day thinking about it, and then the doorbell rings.

“I’ll get it,” he calls into the living area, making his way down the hall. He takes a breath, holds it to steel himself, then swings the door open.

They’re all there; Kirishima, Ochako, Tsuyu, Iida, and Kouda, and they smile at him the moment he opens the door.

“Izu-chan,” Tsuyu says, hopping forward. “I’m glad you’re okay.”

“Thank you,” Izuku says, looking at each of them in turn. “I’m glad you’re all okay, too.”

He invites them inside after that, and he shuts and locks the door behind them.

He’d made curry earlier that day for all of them; it was the one thing he’d actually done productively. There aren’t enough chairs in the dining area, so once everyone has their bowls, they take it to the living room and sit in a circle on the floor.

“Oh my goodness, Izuku, you made this?” Ochako gasps, wide-eyes staring at her steaming bowl of curry.

“Erm, yeah,” Izuku says, stirring his curry around, embarrassed. “It’s okay if you don’t like it, that’s fine—”

“It’s amazing,” Ochako cuts in, shocked. “I am so stealing your recipe for this, oh gosh.”

“I think it’s some of the best curry I’ve ever had,” Iida says, and Izuku turns to him. Coming from Iida, born of an upper-class family, this is high praise. “I’ve never been a proficient cook myself, but this is magnificent.”

Tsuyu, Kouda, and Kirishima nod their own agreement.

“I—t-thank you,” Izuku says, shifting. “It’s really easy, once you get the recipe down.”

“I definitely want your recipe,” Tsuyu decides firmly with a nod of her head. “No question about it.”

The others nod at that, too, and Izuku can’t help but feel incredibly happy, despite the slip of paper in his pocket that feels like lead.

The cats take a special liking to Tsuyu, which surprises Izuku for no reason in particular. Ochako always tries to hold the cats, but Snickers is the only one that lets her pick him up for more than ten seconds. Kouda is also a cat-favorite, although that might simply be because he speaks their language better than anyone.

They’ve declared Kirishima your big brother, Kouda tells Izuku, smiling at him. And apparently they’ve adopted Tsuyu, too.

“Aww, I’m honored,” Kirishima says, holding a hand to his chest. “I will remember this day forever.”

“What did he say?” Ochako asks, eyes twinkling with curiosity, and Kirishima fills her in quickly. Tsuyu says nothing in response, but smiles just a little brighter.

“So, what else should we do?” Tsuyu asks after another moment. “Do you know any good card games, Izu-chan? If not, I could teach you some.”

“Oh, wait a second.” Kirishima nudges Izuku’s shoulder. “Hey buddy, do the scary thing.”

Izuku turns to him, frowning. “What scary thing.”

“You know.” Kirishima lowers his voice. “The real scary thing.”

Izuku squints. “No.”

“C’mon, dude!”

“Ooh, I wanna see what it is!” Ochako proclaims, shooting her hand into the air. Kouda shakes his head feverishly and cups his hands around his ears, but she doesn’t seem to notice. “I love scary things!”

“I’m...morbidly intrigued,” Iida says, but he seems unsure. “What is it?”

“I kind of want to know what it is, too,” Tsuyu says, tapping a finger to her chin. “Kouda, just look away for a while. Or I’ll cover your eyes.”

“It’s really not that bad,” Izuku says, pulling a knife from the sheath at his belt. “Kiri-chan likes making things dramatic but it’s really not that bad. Kiri-chan, can you grab a clipboard from my room?”

Kirishima nods, hops to his feet, and returns moments later with said wooden clipboard. Izuku thanks him and sets it on the ground, them splays his hand down flat on its surface. He holds the knife in the other hand.

“Wait,” Iida says, wide-eyed, “you’re not going to—”

“Oh, I have all my fingers—”

“NO, NONONONO.”

“—The knife goes chop chop chop—”

“I DO NOT CONDONE THIS BEHAVIOR, MIDORIYA!”

“—If I miss the spaces in between my fingers will come off—”

“STOP OH JEEZ PLEASE DON’T—”

“Oh, chopchopchopchopchpochopchop I’m picking up the speed—”

“MIDORIYA NO!”  

No blood is spilled in the end, but everyone has sore throats from shouting (except for Kouda, who probably sprained a wrist or something trying to Sign Izuku out of it). It’s all in good fun, at least; Izuku reminds them all not to attempt it, of course, and says that he only learned it himself by accident when he was bored one day, but even so; they’re all eager to play the card game now that the “scary thing” is done with.

The card game goes well, but Izuku is incredibly distracted through all of it. Every so often, he reaches into his pocket, and his fingers graze the slip of paper from his mother. Directions to a place he’s never been before.

“Hey, uhh, Izuku?” Kirishima nudges Izuku’s shoulder. “It’s been your turn for about a minute now.”

“Has it, now?” Izuku asks, shifting his cards around. “Sorry. Iida, give me your sevens.”

Iida sighs, but hands over three of them. Izuku adds his own seven to the deck and leaves them on the floor by his knee.

“...Is something the matter, Izu-chan?” Tsuyu asks, looking worried. “You’re usually pretty quiet, but you don’t usually zone out like this. Is something wrong?”

Izuku swallows hard, bites his lip, then resigns himself and sets his cards down. “There’s...there’s somewhere I need to go,” he says, rising to his feet. “I-I’m sorry, but I really need to go now.”

“Oh...could we go with you?” Ochako asks, also setting her cards down and getting to her feet. “It’s getting pretty dark out, it’s not good to be alone.”

“I agree with Uraraka,” Iida says, also rising to a stand beside her. “If you don’t want us to accompany you, I understand, but if that’s the case, then please wait until morning.”

This can’t wait until morning. Izuku can’t spend another day feeling like this. Kirishima moves beside him and squeezes his forearm, and Izuku swallows hard and nods shakily.

“Okay,” he agees. “Okay, we’ll—we’ll all go. But only if you really want to.”

The others respond by making for the door and putting their shoes on, while Izuku heads into the kitchen to tell Mom. Kirishima follows him.

“Hey...Inko-san?”

She looks up, hand on the handle of the fridge. “Y—” She stops when she sees the look on his face, and something in her expression softens. “You’re...you’re going?”

Izuku nods shakily.

“He won’t be alone,” Kirishima steps in, moving to stand beside him. “We’re going with him, wherever it is. We’ll look after him.”

Mom doesn’t object. She shuts the fridge door, hugs both of them tight, then lets them leave. As soon as Izuku and Kirishima have their shoes on, they join the others outside and set out.

The sun begins to set as they make their way down the sidewalk. Izuku finally manages to drag the slip of paper from his pocket and read the coordinates. A small spot located atop a hill near the beach. That’s where they’re headed. It isn’t a long walk, but chances are, they won’t make it there until long after the sun sets. Izuku is glad he’s not alone.

“Hey, dude, check this out.” Kirishima nudges him again, and when he has Izuku’s attention, he whips a flashlight from his pocket and flicks it on. The light is bright blue. “Pretty nifty, right?”

“That’s actually really cool,” Tsuyu says, sliding up to him. “Where did you get it?”

“The hardware store down the street,” Kirishima answers, throwing her a grin over his shoulder. “They have ‘em in all sorts of colors, too. I could get some for all of us. Together…” He shines the beam straight into the sky with a grave look on his face. “We make...a rainbow.”

“Or I can just do this.” Izuku hops, and slams both feet into the sidewalk; multi-colors flash across the cement.

Kirishima points. “Or, or you could just do that.”

“Or we could do both,” Ochako suggests.

“Both is good.” Iida nods, then looks to Izuku. It’s getting darker now; the sun is beginning to dip over the horizon, and the lights on the streets begin to glow. “Where exactly are we going, Midoriya?”

“A spot by the beach,” Izuku answers simply. “You’ll—you’ll know when we get there.”

Iida doesn’t push for further details, and the group heads on.

It feels like it takes an eternity to finally make it there, and Kirishima shines his light while everyone else pulls out the lights on their phones. There’s a steep incline, going up near the shoreline of the beach, dropping off to a rocky cliffside.

“I think it’s up here,” Izuku says, but the pit in his stomach already knows that they’re in the right spot. He starts up the incline, and the others shut off their lights and follow.

Izuku’s eyes adjust around the same time they make it to the top.

In the moonlight, as the soft crashing of waves fills Izuku’s ears, he sees a stone shrine. It looks abandoned, covered in sand and dust, but there’s a small bouquet of flowers placed in front of it. Mom comes here often; she never clears away the sand, though.

Maybe she’d waited for Izuku to do that.

Izuku takes in a breath. The others are silent behind him, now that they’ve realized the situation, and Izuku steels himself and steps forward.

When he reaches it, he kneels and stretches out his hand, tentatively, and brushes away some of the grime and dust. There’s no surname. No date. Only a simple KOWARETA is carved into the stone’s surface.

The others gather closer. Kirishima and Tsuyu sit on either side of him in the sand, Ochako and Iida sit behind them, and Kouda kneels directly behind Izuku, tentatively settling a hand on his shoulder. Izuku doesn’t flinch away. It’s nice.

“...Is this…?” Kirishima’s voice is hushed, and Izuku swallows thickly, then nods.

“...My sister,” Izuku says thickly, balled fists shaking. “Kowareta. I always called her Ko-chan. She died...six years ago.”

The group is dead silent. They don’t even gasp. As waves crash below and the moonlight shines on the surface of the ocean beyond, Izuku drags in a long breath through his teeth.

“...I was raised by villains,” he says, without looking at them. “Ever since I was born, I was raised and trained by villains to become one of them. I always hated it, I always knew it was wrong, it just took one final push before I...” Izuku’s hands are shaking harder now. He can’t finish that thought, so he moves on “...The police buried her here, gave my mom directions to the place. She always tried coaxing me into coming, but...I never could. Until now.”  

“Izu-chan…”

Tsuyu settles a hand on his shoulder, gently, lightly, and Izuku’s breath gets stuck on the lump in his throat for a long moment.

“...My name wasn’t always Izuku, either,” he says quietly. “‘Izuku’ was the name I chose after Inko-san took me in. We talked about it for a long time. She helped me pick it out. It was the beginning of a new road for me, and...and I’m really glad to have met all of you through it. So...thank you. Thank you for being here. Thank you for accepting me.”

He doesn’t know what he’s expecting, but when Tsuyu squeezes his shoulder a little tighter, he doesn’t pull away. He’s just a little shorter than she is, and when he scoots a little closer to her, she wraps an arm around his shoulders. Kirishima does the same on his opposite side. Ochako settles her hand on Tsuyu’s, Iida shifts a bit closer to Kirishima, and Kouda rests his hand on Izuku’s head.

It’s more physical contact than Izuku is used to, but for some reason, it’s perfect. These friends he’s made, these people he trusts...it’s like Kowareta told him, back in that scape of nothingness. He’s surrounded by so many people now. Friends he’d never even dreamed of having.

Kowareta had told him to make his peace. To find his closure. To stop blaming himself. To live his life. To be happy. To find his freedom from himself.

And he’s going to try.

If just for her sake—if just for the sake of his friends—he’s going to try.
Chapter 19
Notes:

    Before we begin, art!! \o/

    ItsByMe

    merlins-niece

    Thank you both so much!! Hope y'all enjoy the chapter! \o/

Chapter Text

[Aizawa-sensei]
Hey, Problem Child. This is probably the last thing you want to hear right now, but as soon as you’re feeling up to it, meet me at the usual place. Rest well.

Izuku goes there the next day, to the abandoned city where he and Aizawa have been training. He’s not entirely sure what to expect. Maybe a scolding, but that’s the only thing he can think. Maybe Aizawa would want to talk about his Quirk again, like Kagami-san. He doesn’t know.

Aizawa is waiting for him, wearing his incognito clothing, which happens to be a gray shirt and a pair of slacks of the same color. He raises his head when Izuku jogs toward him, straightening up.

“I made it,” Izuku says, skidding to a halt just a little ways from his mentor. “Sorry I’m late. I didn’t wake up ‘till nine.”

“That’s fine,” Aizawa says, but there’s something in his tone that says he isn’t really paying attention. “I wasn’t expecting you here so quickly, anyway.”

Izuku tilts his head at him. “Then what are you doing here?”

Aizawa turns to face forward instead of looking at him. “Thinking.”

“About what?”

Aizawa looks at him again, but doesn’t answer. “I’ve been worried,” he says instead. “I’m sorry for not being able to protect you at the USJ. What happened to you...as your teacher, not just at U.A. but as your mentor as well, your well-being falls on me, and I couldn’t protect you. I’m sorry.”

Izuku has half a mind to tell him that there’s no need to apologize, but he knows Aizawa won’t take that. He says nothing.

“I spoke with the principal,” Aizawa goes on, “and we’re cancelling school until this Monday. Giving everyone some down-time, as well as ensuring your recovery. It’ll also give us time to up the security. We’re having the students come in tomorrow to gather their things, and we’ll be informing all the parents of it later on today.”

“That makes sense,” Izuku says, nodding. He thinks briefly of his mother’s words, her telling him that they’ll talk about it later. That conversation hasn’t happened yet. “So...what did you want to talk to me about?”

Aizawa’s brows furrow. “You seem very okay with the whole ‘almost dying’ thing. I wanted to ask if you were actually alright.”

“Oh—yeah, I’m fine,” Izuku answers simply. There’s a beat. “...Are you?”

Aizawa lets out a long sigh and shakes his head. “The way you used your Quirk was...concerning, to say the least.”

Izuku doesn’t want to talk about his Quirk (his Quirk, huh—he wonders when he started calling it that…), but he’ll have to talk with Kagami-san about it eventually anyway, and Aizawa is helping him learn to control it, so there’s really no reason why he shouldn’t aside from his own discomfort.

“I figured out how to ‘work around the broken parts,’” Izuku begins, shuffling his foot against the ground. The neon flashing lights make him feel a little better. “I don’t really know how I did it, but by smacking mental targets on people...I mean, by labeling them as ‘threats,’ I can channel my Quirk to hit them.”

“Hmm…” Aizawa mulls this over for a while. “That could be it, but there’s something else I’ve been thinking about, too.”

Izuku stops shuffling his foot. “What’s that?”

“It could be more like you avoided the people you marked as ‘not threats,’” Aizawa explains, leaning against the side of one of the crumbling buildings. “By placing shields around these people, you’re free to let your Quirk spread to everyone else.”

Izuku thinks about this for a moment. “That could be it, too,” he says, “but I can’t really tell, and I wasn’t really coherent enough back then to remember exactly how I felt when using it.”

“That’s fine, don’t worry about it. While we’re on the topic, I think it’s primarily the range of your Quirk that damaged your body like it did. You took out all the villains in the USJ, and the USJ is no small training grounds.”

“Yeah.” Izuku looks down at his shoes and has half a mind to stomp, just to see the light. “I guess it was pretty crazy, now that I think about it...that was that ‘wall’ I’d put up that you mentioned, right? The thing that blocked out the true extent of my power?”

Aizawa nods, but looks away. “That villain. The one leading the whole operation. You two have history.”

Izuku is slammed with everything—Tenko, though, specifically.

“Yeah…” Izuku shifts his weight and rubs his forearm. He has half a mind to pull out a knife, but holds back. “There were three of us. I was the youngest, my sister was in the middle, and Tenko—Shigaraki—he was the oldest. We both looked up to him a lot. He was like our big brother.”

Aizawa is quiet for a time. “I imagine you’re...torn.”

He nods.

“Do you want to talk about it?”

“I’m still figuring things out myself,” Izuku says, shifting his weight, “so, right now...no, definitely not. Sometime, just not right now.”

“No rush,” Aizawa says, “but keep in mind, Midoriya, he is a villain. The police are looking for him now as we speak.”

“Yeah, I know.” And oh, how he knows. He doesn’t want to think about it anymore than he absolutely has to, so he changes the subject. “Aizawa-sensei...about me almost dying and all…” Aizawa frowns, but doesn’t stop him. “You never really answered my question. About how you felt.”

Aizawa is quiet for a while. “It’s like I said.” He looks Izuku in the eyes, but his gaze is softer than before. “I was worried.”

Izuku doesn’t know what to do, but he thinks about Kirishima, and their conversation, and—

“Do you want to hug me?” he asks, because he knows Aizawa won’t lay a finger on him without his consent. “If you do, I don’t mind.”

Aizawa stares at him for a long while.

And then, moments later, Aizawa has him in his arms, and Izuku hugs him back.

“I’m glad you’re okay, Problem Child,” Aizawa murmurs, holding tighter. “I’m glad you’re okay.”

Izuku nods. “I’m glad you’re okay too.”

The students are called back the next day to gather their things, and then, they have a four day weekend while the school completes their new security detail and everyone finishes recuperating. Izuku knows that it’s more for the students’ sakes, these days off; it won’t take U.A. long to finish the new security system, so he reckons the off-days are specifically so the students can rest and revamp.

“Izuku, here!”

Izuku shuts his locker, slings his backpack over his shoulder and turns to Ochako as she races over. She’s carrying a plastic pack of something with a small, blue ribbon tied around it.

“I didn’t have time to actually wrap it,” Ochako says, looking embarrassed, “but after that thing on the bus, I wanted to get these for you. You know. Something to maybe help if you’re fidgety?”

Izuku takes it from her hands. It’s a pack of multi-colored, vibrant pens. Izuku holds them close, then raises his head and meets her eyes.

“Thank you,” he says. “...I’m smiling on the inside, I promise.”

Ochako beams. “That’s all that matters, then!”

“Hey, that’s right.” Ashido leans over, eavesdropping. “I’ve never seen you smile before, Midori-chan.”

Izuku shrugs. “You and me both.”

“Well that won’t do,” Hagakure says, bouncing up to them. Izuku wonders if everyone in his class is a stalker. “You can’t go your whole life not smiling, Midori! We have to fix that!”

“My face is broken,” Izuku says, pointing to his eyes. “Can you imagine a smile here. Can you.”

“I can,” Satou says, raising a hand embarrassedly, “and it’s kind of scary.”

Izuku gestures at him. “Thank you. I’m telling you, it won’t work—”

“We should go to the amusement park!” Sero leaps into the conversation with a wide smile. “We’ve got some off-days, and I can’t think of a better way for us all to get to know each other, y’know? Plus, after the USJ, I think we could all use some laughs.”

“Awesome!” Kaminari says with a smile and a thumbs-up. “Operation ‘Find a way to get Midoriya to smile’ is go!”

“It’s gonna backfire on you so bad,” Izuku mutters while everyone else whoops and cheers. “It’s gonna end up being the most terrifying thing you’ve ever seen. And then my face is gonna be stuck like that forever.”

“Awe, don’t be like that!” Hagakure says, shaking her head—at least, that’s what Izuku thinks she’s doing, judging by her swaying headband. “I’m sure you have a lovely smile!”

“Mmm. Doubt.”

Kirishima laughs and shakes his head, and Izuku glares at him. “Do you think this is a game.”

“On the topic of an amusement park,” Iida says, bringing everyone back to the original subject, “I’m all for it. As long as everyone else would like to go, then I think it’s a wonderful idea.”

“Yeah! Class rep!”

“This is gonna be awesome!”

“Midori, do you like roller coasters?”

“I’ve never been on one,” Izuku says.

“WHAT!?”

“Okay, we’re changing that!”

“You’re gonna love it, Izu-chan. It’s really fun.”

“There’re lots of fun games over there, too! You can win prizes and stuff!”

While everyone makes their plans, Izuku watches, unsure. He thinks it’ll be fun, maybe, going with everyone else, but at the same time—

Kirishima taps Izuku on the shoulder, and Izuku turns. Kirishima jerks his head in the direction of the exit, and after a second, Izuku follows his lead, out of the locker room.

“What is it?” Izuku asks, voice a harsh whisper; his classmates’ cheers and laughter fade as he and Kirishima start down the hall. “Is something wrong, or?”

“I got a text from Toshinori-san,” Kirishima answers, pulling out his phone and double-checking. “He wanted me and you to meet him in the teacher’s lounge. He said he had something to discuss with us.”

“Huh.” Izuku frowns, thinking. “You think it has to do with your Quirk?”

He doesn’t need to clarify which one.

“Maybe,” Kirishima says, “but it could also be about your Quirk. It’s weird that he wants to see both of us…”

Izuku hasn’t really spoken much with Toshinori-san ever since he started training with Aizawa. He’d joined him and Kirishima every now and then on Dagobah beach when Aizawa was busy, but it wasn’t like they went out of their way to meet or even sit and talk.

They reach the teacher’s lounge, and Kirishima reaches out to knock. Toshinori’s voice from within beckons them, and Kirishima swings open the door and heads inside, Izuku hot on his heels.

Toshinori looks very drawn and exhausted, Izuku thinks, even more so than usual. He’s sitting on a stool across from where Izuku and Kirishima are seated on the couch. Izuku wonders how long Toshinori has been in here alone.

“So…” Kirishima breaks the silence first, with a small glace in Izuku’s direction beforehand, “Toshinori-san...what’s going on?”

Toshinori’s shoulders slump a little further, which Izuku hadn’t thought was possible, and he folds his hands loosely in front of him.

“I wanted to apologize to you two,” he begins heavily. “Though specifically to you, Midoriya. I couldn’t get to you and your classmates when you all needed me the most, and you both suffered for it.”

“The leg thing was kinda my bad,” Kirishima says, raising a hand with a smile that looks far more like a wince. “I human-torpedoed myself with One For All again to break a hole in the wall and let Iida escape. I knew it was dumb but I did it anyway.”

“I’m sure you looked fabulous,” Izuku says flatly.

“Thanks, dude! I like to think it looked pretty cool, too.”

“Regardless,” Toshinori says, and they look at him again, “you wouldn’t have even needed to act whatsoever if I had been there when you needed me. Kirishima, Midoriya...please accept this. I’m sorry.”

Izuku and Kirishima look at each other for a long moment, nod, then turn back to Toshinori.

“I know you won’t accept us saying not to apologize,” Kirishima says, speaking for the both of them, “so we’ll just accept it this time.”

“Thank you.” Toshinori smiles faintly, then sighs. “I thought you would like to know that all the villains, with exception of the ringleaders, were successfully apprehended.”

Izuku’s first thoughts go to Tenko—no, Shigaraki. That’s the name he picked for himself—and he’s struck with a sharp pang in his heart. He doesn’t let it show for now.

“Did they ever find out what the Nomu was?” Izuku asks.

Toshinori tenses. “...I need to speak with Naomasa about that,” he says, but something in his tone has changed drastically. “For now, don’t worry about it, kiddo. The Nomu is being restrained somewhere secure, it won’t hurt anyone again.”

Izuku decides to let Toshinori’s discomfort slide for now, but he does make a mental note to ask him about it again sometime.

“I’m glad to see you’re doing well, Midoriya,” Toshinori says, changing the subject. “I’m sorry for not contacting you sooner. Things have been rather crazy as of late.”

“That’s fine,” Izuku says simply. “Is...that all you wanted to talk about or is there something else?”

“Ah, no, that’s it,” Toshinori answers, waving a hand dismissively. “I would like to speak with Kirishima a while longer regarding One For All, but you’re free to go.”

“Alrighty.” Izuku rises to his feet. “I’ll meet you outside on the steps, Kirishima.”

“Sounds good.” They do their weird little “not-handshake” that Kirishima came up with, and Izuku heads off, shutting the door behind him.

Eijirou watches him go, and as soon as the door closes behind Izuku, he turns back to Toshinori, concerned. “...What do you want to talk about?”

Toshinori looks very weary, Eijirou thinks, and he folds his hands together and rests his forehead against his hands.

“...Kirishima, my boy...how much has Midoriya told you about his situation?”

“Oh, um, not much,” Eijirou answers, thrown for a bit of a loop by the change of subject. “I think he hit all the key points, though. He said his Quirk was forced on him, that his sister was...murdered...and that he was raised by villains.”

Toshinori looks even more uncomfortable. “...Kirishima...the villain who killed Kowareta...who gave Midoriya his power...I fought him. Many years ago.”

“You what?” Eijirou sits forward. “You fought him? Is he gone? Imprisoned?”

“I thought he was dead,” Toshinori says heavily. “At least...until the police ran their DNA samples on the Nomu. It would seem that the Nomu was once a human person whose body was overloaded with Quirks until it became a monster.”

There’s a beat.

And then, things begin to click. Slowly. Faster. Then all at once.

“Wait, you mean—the Nomu, that—the villain who did that to Izuku, he’s—he’s still alive?”

Toshinori doesn’t answer for a long time. He nods.

“I was under the impression that I’d defeated him,” he says, “five years ago, but...in light of recent events...I think it’s right to assume that he’s still out there, somewhere.”

Eijirou feels nothing. Nothing yet. “That’s why you didn’t tell Izuku about the Nomu.”

Toshinori nods stiffly. “I know the truth will come out, eventually,” he says, “but, right now…”

“It isn’t a good time,” Eijirou finishes, shaking his head. He thinks of the night he, Izuku, and the others sat at Kowareta’s grave. He’d never seen such a torn, devastated look on Izuku’s face before. “He’s still just trying to recover from—from everything. Throwing this on him right now, I…”

“That’s why I’m not telling him this, yet,” Toshinori says. “There’ll be a better day, a better time, I know it. For now…”

“Yeah.” Eijirou is still reeling, but his resolve is set now. “...I’ll look after him. And if the villain tries coming back for him, he’s going to be sorry.”

It’s not just him. The entirety of Class 1-A, All Might, Aizawa, everyone. He knows they’ll all be on board.

“I know you’ll look after him,” Toshinori says, and he smiles softly. “Thank you.”

Eijirou is sure his horror will sink in sometime soon, but until then, he’ll keep smiling and looking after Izuku like always.

I wonder if we have time to stop by the soda shop before it closes, Izuku muses to himself, skipping down the hall from the teacher’s lounge. His light-up shoes send colors along the wall to his right and the floor below him. Maybe Kiri-chan will finally let me buy him something, for once…

Something invisible slams into him, and Izuku skids to a halt, eyes blowing wide. It hadn’t been a real, solid thing; it’d been a feeling, a torrent of something. He’s holding a knife before he even thinks about it. There’s a presence here that he...doesn’t like. There’s a presence here that reminds him too much of the presence he’d felt at the USJ.

“...days off, Aizawa? Is that so?”

Izuku presses his back against the wall and peers over the corner. He sees Aizawa’s back; standing across from his mentor is the tall, looming figure of Endeavor.

Izuku isn’t close enough to sense a definite threat or empty threat or the likes, but the vibes he’s getting are bad. He feels too hot and lightheaded. Nauseous. The same way he’d felt when the villains first arrived at the USJ.

Endeavor.

Todoroki’s father.

Izuku clutches the knife tighter, teeth gritted behind his lips and cold sweat rolling down his neck.

“I don't know why you thought you could do this, storm in here,” Aizawa says curtly. He sounds angry. “You received the memo, just like everyone else did.”

“Of course,” Endeavor says. “Which is why I arranged to be here, just in case I’d heard wrong. You’re really letting these students take this long of a break?”

Aizawa’s tone doesn’t change. “They almost lost a classmate. A friend. They need time to recuperate.”

Endeavor rolls his eyes. Izuku feels sick.

“And I was under the impression that this was the most prestigious hero academy in the region,” Endeavor jabs. “You’ve gone soft, Aizawa.”

“No.” Aizawa glares, and if Izuku hadn’t known the man personally, he might actually be frightened by it. “I’m keeping in mind that these kids are people first and students second. You’d do well to remember that yourself, Endeavor.”

Oh.

The realization hits Izuku like a train.

Aizawa leaves, fed up, and Endeavor follows him down the hall. Once he’s sure he won’t be spotted, Izuku takes off in the opposite direction from whence he’d come, feet barely touching the ground.

Todoroki is leaving the classroom when Izuku comes blazing down the hall.

He skids to a halt just in front of Todoroki in the nick of time, before they collide, then breathes heavily to catch his breath. Todoroki frowns at him, pulling his satchel further over his shoulder.

“What do you want?” Todoroki questions.

Izuku’s head snaps up, and their eyes meet.

“Take this.”

Izuku holds out his hand. There’s a folded pocketknife in his palm. Todoroki narrows his eyes at him, and for a second, Izuku thinks he might not take it, but then he reaches out and snatches the object from Izuku’s hand.

“What’s this for?” Todoroki asks; the odd, unnatural threat to himself still surrounds him. “I’m not here to play at being friends, Midoriya. If that’s what you’re trying to do, then I’m really not interested.”

“Good,” Izuku says. “I’m not here to play at being friends, either.”

He walks straight past Todoroki and heads down the hallway. He doesn’t look back.

“There you are!” Kirishima hollers, waving him down. It’s not just him; Ochako, Tsuyu, Iida, and Kouda are there, too, standing on the last step leading up to U.A. “What took you so long, man?”

“Had to do some backtracking,” Izuku answers, taking the steps two at a time until he reaches them. “You guys didn’t have to wait up for me, but thanks anyway.”

“You bet,” Ochako says, pulling her backpack further over her shoulders. “Are you guys ready to head out?”

The answer is a collective yes, and shortly thereafter, the group departs as the sun begins to set beyond the horizon. It’s a nice sight, Izuku thinks. He loves the sunlight, but as of recent—and just as of recent—he’s been enjoying the sunsets, too.

“We could make a run by that soda shop, if y’all are in on it,” Kirishima offers, spinning around and walking backwards so he can still face the group. “There’s this one flavor that Izuku and I really like but no one else really does.”

“That’d be fun,” Tsuyu says, tapping a finger against her chin. “If everyone else is game for it, I am, too. I could pay for my own.”

“Nah, I’ll buy!” Kirishima assures her with a grin. “I’ve got this!”

“I’m dead set on treating all of you,” Izuku says flatly. “Change my mind.”

In the end, when they actually make their orders, as they’re still arguing over who takes the bill, Kouda quietly slides some change to the barista and covers everyone’s drinks. Kirishima swears that he’s buying next time, and then so do Tsuyu, Iida, and Izuku. Ochako laughs at all of it.

Shouto manages to make it home before Father, who for some reason thought it was a good idea to demand company with the U.A. staff regarding the students’ off-days. Shouto doesn’t know why he even bothers.

He says hi to Fuyumi on his way in, but then he retreats into his room, shuts the door, and tosses his shoulder bag on the bed. He flops over beside it, draping an arm over his eyes with an exhausted sigh.

And then, when he thinks about it, he reaches into his pocket and pulls out the folded knife Midoriya had given him. He holds it up to the ceiling lights, examining it. It’s a smooth wooden surface with a black stripe running across in a spiral. It’s simple, but that’s part of what makes it stunning.

While Shouto had never had a single conversation with Midoriya up until today, there are lots of things Shouto wonders about him; the reason for his scars, why his eyes have a surreal sense of death attached to them, but they aren’t unkind. He doesn’t get it.

He’s about to toss the knife onto his desk, but that’s when he notices what looks like a piece of paper stuffed beneath the blade. With a frown and spiking curiosity, Shouto sits up and pulls open the knife.

There is a slip of paper, folded between the knife and the hilt, and Shouto takes it and unfolds it.

There are coordinates to a location, and the sentence, Time: 6:00pm is written in bright purple cursive.

Shouto glances at his clock. It’s 5:19pm right now. After a second of mentally warring with himself, Shouto tucks the slip of paper in his pocket, closes the knife, and sets out. He doesn’t know what’s waiting for him at the location or why Midoriya thought to give it to him, but his confusion is too great for him to not find out.

Shouto has to keep double-checking the slip of paper to make sure he’s going the right way, because he sees no reason why Midoriya would want to meet him this deep into a forest all the way on the other side of the city.

It’s 6:14pm now; he’d had to take the train, and since then, he’s been walking non-stop towards his unknown destination. The forest is thick, but he keeps walking even so, and just when he thinks he’s being an idiot and that this is pointless, he sees Midoriya a little further ahead, leaning against one of the trees.

Midoriya notices him around the same time Shouto does, and he kicks off the tree and straightens up. “I was starting to think you got lost,” he says, turning to him. There’s a knife in one of his hands.

Shouto stops a little ways away from him. “But you were sure that I’d come.”

“Pretty sure,” Midoriya answers, shrugging, “but that was more of a guess on my part.”

Shouto narrows his eyes, then looks around for a moment. “So. What do you want?”

Midoriya pulls a flashlight from his pocket. It’s not too dark out yet, but the sun is definitely setting. “Look at the trees a little closer.” He tosses the light to Shouto, and Shouto catches it, mentally sighs, then flicks it on.

He notices it now. The trees surrounding Midoriya are covered in deep gashes, some old and some brand new. Wherever Shouto shines the flashlight, more slices show themselves. They’re all over the trees, like scars.

“...Call this my ‘vent’ forest,” Midoriya says shortly; Shouto turns off the light and lowers his arm back down to his side. “I only started it about two months ago. It’s nice practice.”

Shouto frowns. “And...you brought me here...why?”

Midoriya stares at him for a time, and Shouto feels vaguely like his soul is being sucked out of his body. There’s something about Midoriya, something Shouto can’t quite put his finger on. Midoriya’s overall demeanor is frightening, but there’s kindness in those dead eyes. Somehow.

“Correct me if I’m wrong,” Midoriya begins slowly, looking at him, “but you strike me as the kind of person who’s had everything good in their life taken away from them.”  

Subconsciously, Shouto balls his fists at his sides.

Midoriya lets out a long, exhausted sigh. “...I hate them. The people who hurt me.” (Shouto doesn’t ask; Midoriya’s numerous scars speak for themselves, just like he’s sure his own scar does.) “I always hated them, and I know it won’t change. I’m going to keep hating them for as long as I live.”

“So?” Shouto questions, but this is all hitting a little too close to home for comfort.

“I don’t let it control me, though.” Midoriya looks at him, and there’s nothing accusing in his tone or in his eyes, but Shouto still feels like he’s being dissected.  “I don’t let my hatred towards them control me, and I don’t think you should, either. In the end, the only person who’s hurt by your hatred and resentment is yourself.”

Shouto is beginning to regret coming out here. He doesn’t even know why Midoriya’s words are hitting him so preciscely. He doesn’t know anything about him. They don’t know each other. This is only the second conversation they’ve ever had.

“But—” Something in Midoriya’s demeanor changes, becomes lighter. “In the end, we’re still human. We’re gonna be angry and mad and we’re gonna hate people. It doesn’t stop, but sometimes venting makes it better. This,” He gestures to the trees, more specifically to the gashes on the trees, “is just a nice way to take that out without hurting anyone else. You can come here whenever you want. It’s secluded enough that no one’ll sneak up on you or anything, and you’ll have time to yourself.”

Shouto doesn’t know what to feel. The pocketknife Midoriya gave him is still in his pocket, though he notices the weight now more than ever.

“I don’t know what to say,” Shouto admits.

Midoriya nods. “Same hat.” Shouto frowns, but Midoriya doesn’t seem to notice. “Are you going to the amusement park with all of us?”

“Probably not.”

“You should.”

Shouto doesn’t know what it is about Midoriya’s tone.  There’s nothing accusing there, nothing demanding, nothing that guilt-trips Shouto whatsoever. His voice is very raw. Very real.

“I think it’d be good for all of us,” Midoriya continues, unaware of Shouto’s thoughts. “I think we need this downtime. Just something to help keep in mind that we’re people first and students second.”

Shouto looks down at the flashlight still in his hand. He thinks of Endeavor’s words to him that morning, almost the direct opposite of what Midoriya just said.

“...Fine,” Shouto relents, “I’ll go, but...I’ve never been to an amusement park.”

“Me neither,” Midoriya replies, and there’s a new light in his eyes. “Guess it’ll be a learning experience for both of us.”

When Izuku tells Mom about their plans to go to the amusement park—everyone, as a class, all twenty of them —she looks at him like he’d just brought home another box of thirty cats.

And then, when she’s over her initial shock, “Really?”

Izuku nods.

“You’re...you’re okay with that big of a group?”

Izuku nods again.

“If you’re not okay with it, Izuku, that’s okay too. You don’t have to go.”

“I know I don’t.” (Mom rises from her spot on the couch and moves to stand in front of him.) “I want to. I really want to.”

She takes his hands in hers, silent, and he goes on.

“Inko-san, I think...I think things are getting better,” Izuku stammers, looking down. “Lately, I...ever since I met Kirishima, ever since I started working with my Quirk, I—things, they’ve...things have been easier. I really think things are making a turn for the better, Mom, I really do—”

He only realizes what he’d said when he hears her inhale sharply, and his head snaps up to meet her wide eyes. It’d slipped. He hadn’t even thought about it, just—

She lets go of one of his hands, then touches his face gently. “Izuku.”

“Mom.”

Her eyes fill with tears, and he realizes, with a jolt, that it’s the first time he’s actually seen her cry. She kneels down, and he dives into her arms, squeezing tightly. She returns the gesture with equal ferocity. It’s such a simple thing, but Izuku feels like he’s had some kind of a major breakthrough. Maybe he has.

Izuku is exhausted for the rest of that day, but it’s a good kind of exhausted, if that makes sense. He sleeps in Mom’s room that night with her and all thirteen cats, and while Mom frets about the cat hair at first, she eventually sighs and relents.

Izuku is content, and he sleeps better that night than he has in a long while.

Iida handles the planning, since he’s the only person in the class who has everyone’s number in his phone; they’ll meet at the train station at 7am on Friday morning, arrive at the amusement park, spend the day there, then take the train back home at 5pm. He’s insistent on getting everyone home before it gets dark, which makes sense, but dismays Ashido and Kaminari, who would rather stay at the park until sunset.

Izuku sets out earlier that morning, not for the train station, but for his venting forest. He’d given Kirishima a knife with a slip of paper in the hilt, but he has yet to actually see Kirishima here or even hear about it from him, so he assumes he hasn’t found the paper yet.

Either way, when Izuku steps into the forest and heads further in, he notices new slashes on the trees. Slashes that he didn’t make.

He doesn’t know anything about making friends, and he’s still learning what it’s like to be a friend, moreover a good friend, but he hopes he did right by Todoroki. He doesn’t know everything Todoroki is going through, aside from Endeavor, but if Izuku can help in some way, even in a small way, then he wants to.

Todoroki still has those words attached to him, the threat to himself, and Izuku thinks that, now, he kind of understands what that means. And it’s very real, and very scary.

Todoroki is at the train station, along with the rest of Class 1-A, when Izuku arrives. It seems he’s the last one there, and he’s 5 minutes late, according to Iida, who tells him this the moment he walks up to the group.

“My bad,” he says, shaking his head. “Got caught up with something this morning. Is everyone else here already?”

“I think so,” Kaminari answers, nodding. Izuku catches Todoroki’s eye, and they hold each other’s gaze for a long moment before promptly looking in different directions.

“Okay, I have a mission now!” Ashido proclaims, hopping forward with a long slip of paper. “First order of business, we have to find some way to get Midori-chan to smile, so we’re gonna ride all the funnest roller coasters—”

“Did you just say ‘funnest’—”

“—and we’re gonna get lots of amusement park foods, too! I brought some yen out of my savings! The cotton candy is so good, oh gosh!”

The train arrives shortly thereafter, and they set out together. Most of them end up standing, since lots of the seats have already been taken and they’re no small group, but that’s alright. Izuku has two knives with him, tucked underneath the soles of his white light-up shoes, but as far as blades go, that’s all he has. He brought no knife to fidget with while on the train; instead, he has the blue pen Ochako gave him, and he doodles little spirals and flowers over the scars on his arm.

“Hey, I didn’t know you were a lefty,” Sero says, watching him.

Izuku shakes his head. “Ambidextrous,” he answers shortly, switching hands and doodling on his other arm to help prove his point. “Self-taught ambidextrous, I think. I don’t remember which hand I used primarily before, but anyway.”

“That’s pretty cool,” Kaminari says, grinning, and then, he mutters something to himself under his breath that sounds suspiciously like, “What the heck is an ambidextrous.”

Izuku pretends he doesn’t hear it and keeps doodling on his arms until the train brakes at their stop, and they disembark.

From the train station to the amusement park, it’s not a long walk. That’s what Satou told Izuku, anyway. It isn’t long before their destination is in sight, and some of them—namely Ashido, Kaminari, Sero, Hagakure, all the more “spunky” members of Class 1-A—rush forward excitedly.

“We’re almost there, you guys, come on!” Hagakure calls encouragingly. “Don’t be poor sports, hurry up!”

“Don’t run!” Iida hollers, but it barely does any good against a group of excited teenagers. Tokoyami mutters something about it being a “mad banquet of darkness,” which Izuku has half a mind to ask about.

Iida and Yaoyorozu had agreed beforehand that they would compensate for anyone who didn’t have all the funds for the trip, and while this did stir up a bit of complaints and protests from those in need of extra funds, in the end, they lost out to Iida and Yaoyorozu’s insisting. After everyone has their tickets, they’re free to enter the park.

“OH IT’S EVEN COOLER ON THE INSIDE,” Ashido squeals, spinning ‘round in circles. “And it’s not even super busy right now, too! Which means there won’t be any long lines, which means that this—”   She whips out her checklist, “will be super easy to do!”

Izuku is a bit overwhelmed, actually. The park is a lot bigger than it’d looked on the outside, and while there isn’t a tremendous amount of people on the grounds, he still can’t help but feel a little uncomfortable.

You okay? Kouda asks, and Izuku snaps back to reality and nods shakily.

Fine, he answers, just taking everything in. Adjusting.

“We should hit some of the roller coasters first,” Sero says, pointing out one of them on a map he grabbed from somewhere. “Unless you guys wanna do something else?”

“ROLLER COASTERS!” Kirishima says enthusiastically, and if Izuku hadn’t known him so well, he probably would have jumped. “Hell yeah, let’s do that first!”

Kouda cups his hands around his ears and shakes his head feverishly, but Izuku reaches out and touches his arm.

It’ll be fine, he says simply. We can sit next to each other if you want.

Kouda nods, and they follow Sero, who hopefully knows how to read a map, toward the first roller coaster.

There are only a few people in line in front of them, but the carts only seat ten at a time, so they have to split in two groups no matter what. Izuku and Kouda of course go in the same group, and since Izuku is there, Tsuyu, Ochako, Iida, and Kirishima also go with that group. Kaminari and Ashido join them, then Todoroki and Sero; the others will go on the second cart.

It’s hard to tell exactly what Todoroki is thinking, as Kouda and Izuku sit behind him and Iida. Todoroki’s face isn’t one that holds much expression, so reading him is difficult, but he doesn’t seem angry, at least. That’s worth something.

The bars come down over their legs, Kouda takes Izuku’s hand, and the roller coaster starts off slowly up a steep incline in the tracks.

“Ooooh, man, oh man, oh man, why did I sit in the front,” Kaminari is chanting over the clicks of the track and the rattling of the cart. “This was a terrible idea, this was a terrible idea—”

“If you get sick on me, you’re gonna be sorry,” Sero says lowly.

The cables pull the cart further up the incline, until the front cart nearly reaches the top. Ashido throws her hands into the air and shrieks, almost madly, “C’mon, everyone! Lemme hear your war cry!”

The cart tips over the other side of the incline, and Izuku wouldn’t be surprised if the entirety of Japan heard their screams.

When they finally get off the ride, Izuku can’t feel his legs.

“Your face,” Kirishima wheezes, clutching his stomach, laughing so hard there are tears in his eyes. “Your face, holy crap dude you look so confused.”

Izuku has nothing to say. He’s not sure he could say anything if he tried.

“Pictures!” Ashido shouts, sprinting in the opposite direction. She nearly bumps into Kaminari, who looks like he’s going to be sick, but dances around him before there’s a collision. “C’mon, I wanna see if we got Midori to smile!”

Izuku really doesn’t see the point in it. He’s sure if he had smiled, he’d know, but it’s whatever. It’s endearing that Ashido is trying so hard.

He sees Todoroki a little ways off as they move down the steps and to the photo booth, and he cuts across the group toward him.

“Did you have fun?”

Todoroki glances at him for a moment, then faces forward again. “...I think so. It’s...hard to process, right now.”

Izuku nods.

They don’t say anything else to each other; Ashido is the first to make it to the booth, looking like a giddy little kid on Christmas morning.

“OH, DANGIT!!” are the first words out of her mouth, and the others redouble their pace to see what’s wrong.

“I told you, I can’t smile,” Izuku says, hanging back. “It’s just one of those things.”

“No, look!” Ashido grabs his hand and pulls him forward; on the screen is a picture of their cart, except… “Iida is blocking you! We can’t see your face!”

Ohhhhhh boy.

“Uhhh, it’s really fine,” Izuku says, holding out a hand. “Don’t even worry about it, I’m—”

“We have to go again!” Sero declares, making a fist. “We will stop at nothing to get him to smile!”

“Yea verily!”

“Here we go again,” Izuku intones, but that’s the only thing he has time to say before the second half of their class meets up with them, and Ashido presents her plan.

“DAGNABBIT AGAIN!? SATOU I TOLD YOU NOT TO SIT IN FRONT OF HIM.”

“I didn’t mean to! I felt awkward because we were all taking so long to get situated and I just didn’t think about it!”

“Ugh, okay, this time for sure!”

“FREAKING.”

“We’re all taller than him!” Kaminari wails, digging his hands into his hair dramatically. “This’ll never work!”

“We can’t give up hope!” Kirishima declares, slinging an arm around Izuku’s shoulders. “There has to be something else, right?”

“Guys, there’s really no need,” Izuku insists, shaking his head. “I’m more likely to grow horns than I am to smile, there’s really no point to keep going on like this.”

“Nonsense!” Iida says, and honestly he was the last person Izuku expected to jump in this conversation. “There has to be something we can do…”

“I can’t believe you’re all getting so into this.”

“Why don’t we just have Izu-chan sit in the front row?” Tsuyu opts, tapping her cheek with a finger. “That would solve the problem, wouldn’t it?”

Silence.

“RIGHTO!” Ashido proclaims, snapping her hand against her temple in a cheesy, lopsided salute. “Here we go! This time for sure!”

Izuku only sighs. It’s endearing, really, it is, but it’s also becoming incredibly tedious.

“Maybe we should do something else for a bit and come back to this later,” Yaoyorozu suggests, stepping forward. “We could ride something else or play some games for a while, that way we don’t spend all our excitement on one thing.”

Oh thank goodness for Yaoyorozu. Ashido, Ochako and Kirishima seem bummed at first, but they’re quick to agree to a change of pace. Besides, they have plans to return to it later and try one more time, so it’s a win-win.

There’s an entire street in the park dedicated specifically to carnival-esque games; not that Izuku has ever been to a carnival. He’s just going by pictures he’s seen in magazines and what his friends told him beforehand. Lined on either side of the street are several booths housing several vendors and games; the employees running the games seem to come to life when they see Izuku and his classmates come down the way, and they all start whooping and wailing at once.

“Come on, try a ball throw! We know you can do it!”

“Think you’ve got what it takes? Balloon darts is the thing for you!”

“Hey, you there, with the red hair! You seem like a free-spirit, try the bean bag toss!”

“Maaaaan, I suck at this kinda stuff,” Sero moans, shoulders drooping. “It’s rigged, I swear.”

Bakugou, who has been silent and sulking during this entire trip so far, scoffs. “Stop complaining just because you suck at it.”

“Ahh, you there! The blond!” Someone singles Bakugou out, and he and the others turn; one of the game hosts is smiling and holding several rings. “Care to try a simple ring toss? Or maybe you don’t have what it takes.”

Izuku doesn’t know how the guy knows exactly how to get under Bakugou’s skin, but this does it. “OH YEAH!?” Bakugou demands, storming over and slamming a small stack of yen down on the table. “GIMME THOSE RINGS, I’LL SHOW YOU HOW IT’S DONE!”

“I’m gonna try the balloon darts,” Izuku murmurs to Kirishima, who gives him a thumbs-up. Half the group goes to follow Bakugou; the other half takes Izuku’s side and watches him.

Izuku hands over a couple yen, and the host grins and gives him five darts. Izuku inspects them for a few moments, brows furrowed.

They heated the tips so they aren’t as sharp, he thinks with a frown. And they’re not weighted properly, either…

“You can do it, Midori!”

“Yeah! Go for it, Izuku!”

“I believe in you, Izu-chan.”

“Show ‘em how it’s done!”

“Don’t let Bakugou beat you!”

“Pop those balloons!”

“Go for five outta five! Or at least three outta five!”

Izuku takes aim, adjusts to compensate for the dart’s lack of weight, then throws as hard as he can.

Izuku has already won three games by the time Bakugou finally gets a ring on one of the pins. The poor host lost his smug grin after the second round, and now he looks vaguely mortified after Izuku’s third, consecutive win with all five darts popping five balloons.

“I’m sorry,” Izuku tells him, bowing shortly; behind him, Ochako, Tsuyu, and Kouda each have a different stuffed animal, which was Izuku’s winnings. Ashido and Hagakure are gushing over them. “I’ve had a lot of practice, it really wasn’t fair.”

The host throws up his hands. “It’s not like you’re cheating,” he says helplessly, “and it’s not like you’re not paying. If you wanna go again you can.”

Meanwhile, the ring-toss host looks both mildly terrified and extremely smug.

“STUPID RING, STAY ON THE FREAKING PIN WHY DON’T YOU!? I’LL BLOW YOU STRAIGHT TO HELL!”

“That’s alright,” Izuku tells the balloon dart host. “We should probably move on before that guy,” he jabs a thumb over at Bakugou, “blows up the entire booth. But thank you.”

“Don’t thank me, I’m impressed,” the guy answers with a grin. “Enjoy the rest of the carnival.”

Izuku bows one last time, then departs with the others. Bakugou has to be dragged away kicking and screeching by Kirishima.

They eat lunch, walk around for a bit to take in the sights, and then decide that it’s time to return to their plight: that being, “operation get Midoriya to smile,” according to what Kaminari keeps saying.

“I’m telling you, it’s not gonna work,” Izuku says as he and the others wait in line for their turn. “My face is broken. I haven’t smiled since I was—hell, I don’t even know. It’s been years.”

“The time is nigh, then!” Ashido says seriously, beaming. “No time like the present to finally laugh again!”

“Hey, Todoroki, you can sit in the front row with him!” Satou says with a snap of his fingers. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you smile before, either, so if we can get two in one go then that would be great!”

Todoroki and Izuku exchange glances, and Todoroki shrugs. “I don’t really care either way.”

And so, after ten minutes of waiting in the short line, Izuku and Todoroki are filing into the front row while their classmates pile in behind them. It’s later on in the day now; the sun is setting, and Izuku is already anticipating the view at the top of the incline, right before they really launch into the ride.

“Wellp,” Izuku says as the bars lower over their knees. “This is a thing.”

Todoroki doesn’t say anything. Izuku waits a second, then goes on;

“...You wanna do a dumb pose at the camera with me?”

Todoroki side-eyes him. “Why?”

“Because if we don’t do something to satisfy everyone else, we’re gonna be doing this forever.”

Todoroki sighs heavily, but nods just as the coaster begins to move.

It’s not that the ride isn’t fun, Izuku is just 100% convinced that he’s incapable of smiling. They take off up the incline, then down, down, down, down, down, then up and over, then down, then around, then up, then down, down, down, then up—and it is fun, Izuku is having fun, here with everyone else, feeling the wind in his hair and the setting sun on his face. He’s happy, he really is.

He’s really, really happy, being here with everyone, goofing off, having fun—

“Well, it’s not a smile, but oh my gosh that’s hilarious.”

“You have the same face,” Jirou says, wide-eyed. “It’s the exact same face, holy cow.”

“AND YOU’RE LOOKING DEAD AT THE CAMERA, TOO!” Kaminari cackles, holding his stomach, and Izuku can’t tell if it’s because he’s laughing, or if it’s because he’s still queasy from the ride. “Oh my gosh that’s one for the album, I’m totally spending the rest of my yen to get a copy of that—”

Izuku and Todoroki have the front row in the picture, of course, and they’re both looking straight into the camera and holding unenthusiastic peace signs sideways by their eyes. Izuku has to admit, they look so done in the picture, with the exact same pose and the exact same face, that it’s hard not to find it humorous. Todoroki’s face doesn’t change, but he doesn’t seem angry, which is good.

“Well, we won’t put you through it again,” Ochako says, turning towards Izuku. “I’m sorry if that was kinda, y’know...annoying.”

“No, it’s fine,” Izuku says, shaking his head. “I think it’s sweet you guys really wanna make me smile no matter what, but it’s not happening anytime soon. It might never happen.”

Iida straightens his glasses, and Izuku has realized, as of late, that it’s more of a nervous habit than a necessity. “I wouldn’t say that, Midori—oh. I’m sorry, Izuku. I wouldn’t say it’ll never happen.”

“I have an idea.” Tokoyami steps forward out of the shadows; Izuku had forgotten he was there. “Since we badgered Midoriya so, how about we let him choose the last ride of the day?”

“Hey, that’s an idea!” Hagakure bounces over, and before Izuku knows it, invisible hands shove a map against his chest. He takes it, then looks at Hagakure again. “You pick the place! None of us will argue with it!”

Izuku looks down at the map again. Nothing really sticks out to him much; not until—

“We could go on the ferris wheel,” Izuku says, pointing to the location on the map. “The sunset is really beautiful tonight. It’d be fun.”

“Ooh, I love ferris wheels!” Aoyama says with a smile and a dramatic spin. “We could watch the sunset together!”

“That sounds like a great idea,” Shouji interjects, nodding. “Where is it from here?”

“It’s all the way on the other side of the park,” Yaoyorozu muses, looking over his shoulder, “so we should go ahead and get a move on, everyone.”

They do. Izuku hands the map to Iida, who takes over as navigator, and they set out for the ferris wheel. Izuku drops to the back of the pack for a few moments of quiet to himself; he sees Kirishima look at him over his shoulder, and he flashes a quick I’m fine, to which Kirishima nods and gives him a thumbs-up before facing forward again.

It’s a really nice afternoon. The sun is setting, which bathes the entire amusement park in a mixture of dying orange-yellow light and shadows. Up ahead, Izuku can see the silhouetted structure of the ferris wheel, set on the horizon. In front of Izuku, voices barely audible, his friends laugh and talk and beam, and—

He feels something.

It isn’t pain, but it could be. His throat goes tight, his chest feels like there’s something stuck in it, trying to break free. He hears their laughter, feels their joy like it’s a tangible thing. Like it’s something he could reach out and touch.

He feels weightless. His stomach feels like it’s full of butterflies but he isn’t upset, he isn’t angry, he isn’t sad, he’s not—he’s the opposite of all of that.

What…?

...I don’t get it…

...Why…?

...This feeling, what…?

What is it…?

They’re laughing. His friends are in front of him, and they’re smiling. They invited him here. They tried to make him smile, even when he discouraged it. They wanted him here, even though he’s... him.

They wanted him here.

They wanted him here.

...They wanted him here.

“Hey, y’know, we’re passing by the balloon darts table one last time,” Eijirou says, looking back over his shoulder. “We could hit the booth one last time if you—”

He freezes.

Izuku has stopped walking. The look on his face is the same as ever, simple, straightforward, without emotion—

But his eyes are slightly wider.

And there are tears streaming down his cheeks.

“—Izuku!?” His shout draws everyone’s attention, and when he doubles back, the others spin around. He reaches Izuku and stretches out a hand, grasping his shoulder. “Hey, buddy, what’s wrong? What happened? Dude, talk to me.”

Wordlessly, Izuku touches his face with his fingertips, then pulls them away and stares. The tears are still falling, hard, and beneath his hand, Izuku’s shoulders shake.

“Izu-chan, what happened?” Tsuyu asks worriedly, moving to stand by him. “What happened? Whatever it is, I’m sure we can fix it—”

“Oh no he’s crying,” Satou says, eyes wide. “He’s crying, oh no, this was the opposite of what we wanted—”

“He was right, it did backfire!” Ashido cries, and tears gather in the corners of her eyes. “I’m so sorry, Midori-chan, w-we didn’t mean to upset you—!”

“What’s wrong?” Ochako stands by Izuku, too, but he doesn’t seem to acknowledge it. “Izuku, what’s wrong?”   

Izuku finally does something else. He takes in a sharp, shuddering breath, then crumbles further. The tears fall harder.

“I don’t know,” he chokes, then brings both hands to wipe at his face. “I-I don’t know. I don’t know. I d-don’t know.”

And suddenly, Eijirou thinks he knows. He’s unsure at first, but when he begins to put the shattered pieces together...

“C’mere, dude, c’mere.” He pulls Izuku into his arms, and Izuku buries his face into his chest. “It’s okay, you can cry. We’ve gotcha.”

Izuku breaks even further, squeezing Eijirou in a death grip and not letting go. The others have calmed down, realizing that yelling isn’t the problem, and they gather around tentatively. Iida is the first to reach out, and although he flinches back a few times, warring with himself, he eventually settles his hand on Izuku’s shoulder. Those who know Izuku best—Kouda, Tsuyu, Ochako—follow his lead.

It doesn’t end quickly.

They go on the ferris wheel in groups of two, and considering how hard it’d been for Izuku to let go of him, Eijirou decides it’s best for him to go with Izuku this time.

Which is where they are now, sitting together on one side of the ferris wheel cart, watching the sunset out the window. Izuku is leaning against Eijirou’s side, and Eijirou has an arm around his shoulders. His eyes are bloodshot and swollen, but he leans heavily against him, relaxed. Unafraid.

“...Are you okay, dude?” Eijirou asks softly.

It takes a while before Izuku answers, and he nods shakily, wiping his eyes again. Izuku is strong, he’s always been, Eijirou has always known this, but right now he seems very small and vulnerable.

“I’m okay,” he croaks, his voice nearly gone. “It’s...it’s been a long time, s-since—since I last cried.”

Eijirou falls silent for a time. “...How was it?”

“It was…” Izuku rubs his eyes with his knuckles again, “...nice. I-It was nice. Maybe...m-maybe I’ll do it more often.”

Eijirou smiles, his own eyes burning, and he pulls Izuku closer. When Izuku rests his head against his shoulder, Eijirou leans his cheek against the top of Izuku’s head; he can’t help but notice that, when Izuku shuts his eyes, another tear rolls down his face.

“Whenever you need to, buddy,” Eijirou murmurs, closing his eyes. “Whenever you need to.”
Chapter 20
Notes:

    Before we get into it, Art!!

    chiangyorange

    Thank you so much! Enjoy the chapter, everyone! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Izuku is a wreck.

Kirishima takes him home that day, hands him off to Mom at the door without explaining exactly what’d happened. She’s worried; Izuku isn’t sure his eyes are swollen or red anymore, but his silence and the stunned, exhausted look on his face is enough to concern her. She thanks Kirishima for bringing him home, then bids him goodnight and guides Izuku into the living room.

His cats are on him all at once, of course, but their presence isn’t one he exactly recognizes. He collapses onto the couch, barely noticing when Mom tugs one of his fluffy blankets over him and his cats snuggle closer.

He’s a disaster. His dreams are fitful and nothing makes sense in them; they vary between visions of his past, good visions at that, ones of him and Kowareta and Tenko sitting around playing pick-up-sticks with Izuku’s knives—but then he has surreal dreams that he’s never experienced before, like getting gunned down by armed rats—no, literal armed rats, with muscles, and human-hands, it was scary—and he doesn’t want to wake Mom so he does the next best thing.  

“Kiri-chan? You there?”

He calls Kirishima at around two in the morning, snuggled up with blankets and cats and squinting against the light of his phone.

He hears rustling on the end of the line. He has it on speaker. “Heck, what time is it—”

“Are you up?”

More rustling. “Ah man, hey, yeah, I’m up — what’s wrong? Do you need me to come over?”

“No.” A long pause. “...Probably not. I don’t know.”

“Oh boy, don’t like the way that sounds, nu-uh. What’s up? You sound okay...what’s bothering you?”

“I had this dream.”

“Oh, like, wait, a nightmare? Something from that time?”

“No. There was a duck in it. It was trying to sell me ice cream.”

Kirishima is silent for a time. Then, he starts laughing.

Izuku doesn’t find it nearly as amusing. “You think this is funny.”

“Dude, dreams are just weird like that sometimes.” Kirishima’s laughter stops, and a more serious tone overtakes his voice. “Are you sure you’re okay, though? I know yesterday was pretty rough. How do you feel?”

“I’m…” That’s the thing, he doesn’t feel anything. “...Kinda...zoning out a lot? And I feel hot.”

There’s a beat.

“...Crap, you don’t think you’re getting sick again, do you?”

“I don’t...think so?”

“Yeah, no, we’re not doing that again. You either go wake up Inko-san or I’m coming over.”

“Kiri-chan, it was just a duck.”

“Fever dreams are freakin’ trippy, dude.” More rustling. Footsteps. “Either way, yesterday was really hard, and you could stress yourself into getting a fever if you’re not careful.”

“Do you really think the duck holds significance. Really.”

“THE DUCK’S NOT THE POINT!” More rustling, more footsteps. Faster this time. “Dude, if you get sick again I don’t want you to be there alone. Even right now, even if you’re not sick, you shouldn’t be alone.”

Izuku tightens his jaw. “Don’t come over.”

“Yeah, no, I can’t do that. I’m not going to sit around here and let you hurt yourself.”

“Kiri-chan. I’m serious. Please don’t.”

The footsteps on the other line stop, and there’s a long pause. “...Okay, something changed there. Your voice cracked. What happened?”

It shouldn’t be a problem. It really shouldn’t. Izuku doesn’t know why, but the thought of seeing Kirishima again, just—

Yeah. He’s a mess. He’s the living personification of an emotional trainwreck and he doesn’t even know what’s wrong.

That’s it, though, there’s nothing wrong. He’s better than he’s been in a long time but he still feels like a total wreck.

Something in him had broke yesterday night, at the carnival with his friends, because now, it doesn’t take more than a few seconds of holding them in before the tears start to fall again.

“Are you crying?” Kirishima’s tone is different now, more urgent. Worried. “Dude, talk to me, are you crying again?”

“I don’t know why,” Izuku chokes out, wiping at his eyes with his free hand. “I don’t know why, K-Kiri-chan.”

Kirishima swears under his breath. “Okay, okay, dude, just, calm down, you’re gonna make yourself sick. I won’t come over if you can’t handle it but you really need to tell your mom, you shouldn’t be alone right now.”

“I-I have my cats.” They’re crawling closer to him, climbing into his lap, and he wraps his arms around Fistfight in particular and hugs her tight. “T-They’re here.”

“That’s great, I’m glad, but there needs to be someone else over there with you. Right now. Either me or Inko-san, it doesn’t matter who, but you’ve gotta be with someone.”

Izuku doesn’t want to be with anyone. He doesn’t want to be with Kirishima or Mom or anyone else but at the same time he wants someone to hug him. He wants to be with someone. He wants to watch Kirishima play dumb games on his phone and he wants to go and lay down with Mom in her room instead of being alone here on the couch but he also wants to crawl under his bed with all his cats and sob and never come out again and he wants to hide in his closet and he wants to lock the door and he wants Kirishima here or Mom or anyone—

“Hey, heyheyhey, dude, calm down.” Kirishima’s voice snaps him back to reality; he hadn’t realized how hard he’d been breathing until now. “Sorry, I shouldn’t’ve sprung all of that on you at once. Just—wake your mom up, okay? I won’t come over, but you can’t be by yourself right now.”

Izuku takes in a sharp breath, then nods shakily. “Okay, I-I’ll—I’ll get her.”

“Thanks. And, Izuku, if you do happen to be sick, don’t you dare go running off anywhere.”

“Okay.” He doesn’t mean it, but he’s not going to say that to Kirishima. “Okay, I—I’ll go get Mom.”

“Yeah, you do that. Call me again if you need me.”

“Okay.”

“I’m gonna hang up now. Tell Inko-san as soon as I’m gone.”

“Okay, I will.”

Kirishima hangs up, and Izuku darkens his screen and sets the phone on the coffee table. His tears splash on his knuckles, and it is the weirdest thing he’s ever felt up to this point. He doesn’t get it. A part of him is scared but the rest of him is content. For some reason.

He gives Fistfight one last tight hug, buries his face in her fur for a few long moments, then sets her down and swings himself to his feet. He’s lightheaded, and he doesn’t know if it’s because he really is coming down with something, or if it’s just because he’s been crying. He doesn’t know.

He patters across the hall to Mom’s bedroom, trailed by all thirteen cats of his, including Diamond and Shiny who are probably more following Fistfight than they are following him. He pushes the door to Mom’s bedroom open and peers in for a moment, then shuffles forward.

She’s asleep, it would seem. He feels bad for waking her, he always does, but it’s part of their agreement. She’d made him promise to always wake her when he needed her and he definitely needs her now.

“M-Mom. Mom.” He reaches out and touches her shoulder, voice trembling over his sobs. “Mom. I need you.”

She stirs and sits up, rubbing her eyes. “I’m awake, Izuku, what’s—” She catches sight of his face, and it hasn’t occurred to Izuku until now that she’s never seen him cry before. “Izuku!?”

She fumbles for the bedside lamp, and light floods the room. Izuku squints against it, but his eyes adjust quickly, just in time for Mom to take his face in his hands and wipe away some of his tears with her thumbs.

“What happened?” she asks, and there’s a stern, worried edge to her tone. “Izuku, tell me what happened.”

He dissolves further and the worst part about it is he doesn’t understand why the hell this is even happening.

She pulls him to her when he’s incapable of answering. He doesn’t even remember lying down, but the next thing he knows, he’s curled up with her in bed, small weights dipping the mattress as the cats bounce to join them. Mom doesn’t murmur a single word of protest.

Izuku wakes up sick the next morning. It isn’t the “fever over 39.5, spontaneous Quirk activation, time to hit the trail” kind of sick; it’s the sore throat, coughing up a lung, someone’s-bashing-my-skull-in-with-a-hammer kind of sick.

He’s sitting on the couch again, wrapped in blankets and surrounded by his cats. Mom is in the kitchen fixing soup. He hasn’t said a word to her since last night, Sign Language or otherwise, and she hasn’t asked him what’s wrong a second time.

Yet.

Mom returns to the living room shortly thereafter with a bowl of soup, which she settles on the coffee table before sitting beside Izuku on the couch. Izuku barely acknowledges it.

“Okay.” Mom turns to him, but doesn’t touch him. “What is it.”

Izuku doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t know how to respond.

“Is it something someone did?”

He shakes his head.

“Is it something you did?”

He shakes his head again.

“Then— what?”

Another shake. He doesn’t know.

Mom’s eyes soften, and so does her tone. “Izuku—can you please try explaining it to me? Please. Even if it doesn’t make any sense in your head, Izuku, I—please, try.”

Izuku takes in a shuddering breath. “I-I just—Mom, when—at the USJ, when I almost—y-y’know, I...I saw Ko-chan.”

He hears Mom’s breath hitch, but can’t trust himself to look at her.

“I don’t know if it was really her or if it was just my imagination,” Izuku says, running a hand through his hair, “or, maybe some kind of a dream, but she said that she wanted me to find my own happiness. She said she wants me to let her go, or, to let go of my guilt, and—and make my peace with what happened.”

Mom takes his hand, but doesn’t stop him.

“And, I guess—I-I just—ever since then, things have been—everything’s just been up here,” He levels his hand above his head, “and things have been getting better, a lot better, and I feel—I feel better, but, I just—I don’t—when I visited Ko-chan’s grave, and then when I was at the amusement park with everyone, I just—I was happy. I was really happy. And, I don’t know if this is just me kind of... realizing? Maybe it’s just me kind of coming to grasps with everything that happened, and how things are now, and just realizing how messed up everything was before, and—”

He stops and sucks in a breath. He doesn’t think he’s ever talked this much before in his life.

“It was so messed up before,” Izuku strains, throat tight. “It was so messed up, Mom, the things the villains did to us, the things they made us do—I hit her so many times before I could aim. They made me switch hands when I was injured on one. The only breaks we got was when we were too sick to move, and even then we weren’t actually given what we needed to heal—”

His eyes are burning again. Great.

“And I always knew it was messed up, I always knew, but it’s only sinking in now how messed up it really was. Things are better now and they’re only going forward from here but it’s just a bigger contrast to how things were before and I can’t—I can’t do it. Things are better than ever now and I can’t stop thinking about it—”

He’s pretty sure he’s crying again but he can’t be sure.

“And now, I just, I’m happy, I’m happy and things are better and I’m getting better but it was so messed up, the stuff they did to us was so wrong and twisted—we were kids, Mom, we were little kids like Yatchi and we just wanted to live, we just wanted to be happy, we didn’t ask for any of it.”

He chokes on something caught in between a sob and a laugh.

“And I don’t even know what’s wrong with me,” he struggles. He’s torn between wanting to laugh or scream. “I don’t know why I feel like this, Mom, things are better now and things are good and they’re fine and it happened so long ago, it happened years ago, Mom, I don’t know why this is happening.”

Mom squeezes his hand, then tugs him to her, and he accepts the invitation and hugs her tightly. His head pounds when he sobs harder, and he’s probably the biggest mess on the planet right now, but he’d long since accepted that he’s royally screwed up. Mom knows it, too. So it’s okay.

“Izuku...it’s not stupid,” Mom murmurs, close to his ear. “It’s not stupid. You went through things no one should ever endure, let alone a child, and if now’s when it’s all catching up to you, even after all these years, then it’s okay.”

And that’s it. He thought he’d already passed his breaking point. He’d thought he couldn’t sob any harder than this. He was wrong.

He’d cried for Kowareta.

He’d never cried for himself.

Izuku is sleeping on the couch now. Inko had taken the soup back, dumped it in the pot from whence it’d come for him to have later, and now she’s standing with her phone in her hands, glancing over at Izuku on the couch every now and then.

With her occupation, she’s seen lots of cases. Moments when the victims’ shock finally catches up with them and their walls come crumbling down. She’d hoped Izuku wouldn’t have to deal with it, but it’d been inevitable. She should’ve been more prepared for it.

She dials a number on her phone and brings the device to her ear, still looking over at Izuku. He’s sleeping soundly, it would seem, being smothered by his cats and multiple blankets. He isn’t feverish; it’s mainly a head and chest cold, but still, if things continue to go like this, it won’t be long before that changes.

The other line picks up. “Hello?”

“Hi, Kagami, it’s Inko, Izuku’s mom. I wanted to ask if we could go forward with the emotional support animal.”

“Ah, alright, sounds good to me. How soon?”

Inko glances over at Izuku on the couch.“As soon as possible.”

[MESSAGING: “FRIENDS”]

[Tsuyu-chan]
Hi Izu-chan. I’ve been thinking about you a lot lately.
Did you have fun at the amusement park?

[Knife Knife Baby]
Yeah I did, it was great
…
Why is my name like that.

[Kiri-chan]
*cues innocent whistling*

[Snow White]
I can’t be positive but I think it’s Kirishima’s fault.
Nooooo my name ((´д｀))
Definitely blaming Kirishima here.
Will fight (ง •̀_•́)ง

[Kiri-chan]
How RUDE. >:(
haha srsly tho it was Uraraka :P

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
Bwahahahaa

[Knife Knife Baby]
-_-

[KNIFE KNIFE BABY has changed KIRI-CHAN’s nickname to “NO BONES ABOUT IT”]

[No Bones About It]
OY.
I broke my arm once. ONCE.

[Knife Knife Baby]
-_-

[Vroom Vroom]
Come now, it can’t be that terrible.
...
Well. I’m leaving.

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
IIDA NO COME BACK.

[Knife Knife Baby]
What a mad banquet of darkness.

[No Bones About It]
YOU’RE NOT HELPING

[Tsuyu-chan]
You’ve been hanging out with Tokoyami too much.

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
Hold on I’m just gonna

[HOUSTON, WE HAVE MANY PROBLEMS has changed TSUYU-CHAN’s nickname to “THE SENSIBLE ONE”]

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
There we go.

[The Sensible One]
I don’t think this suits me.

 

[KNIFE KNIFE BABY has changed THE SENSIBLE ONE’s nickname to “FROGGER”]

[Frogger]
:)

[Knife Knife Baby]
:)

[Vroom Vroom]
You’ve all completely forgotten the reason why we messaged Midoriya in the first place. Everyone. Please.

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
Oh yeah, Izuku. The amusement park. Did you really have fun?

[Knife Knife Baby]
I did. I had a lot of fun.
Thank you guys for inviting me.

[No Bones About It]
Glad to hear it :) How’re things going now?

[Knife Knife Baby]
Oh I’m sick.

[No Bones About It]
YOU’RE WHAT

[Snow White]
Oh no (´°ω°`)
How sick???

[Frogger]
Oh no. I hope you feel better Izu-chan.

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
Sending love and well-wishes.

[Snow White]
(⊃• •)⊃ ♡♡♡♡♡

[Vroom Vroom]
THIS IS WHY WE SHOULD HAVE STARTED WITH THAT.
Midoriya, I encourage you to get off your phone and go to sleep.

[Knife Knife Baby]
I’m not that sick. It’s mainly the headache that’s annoying.
And the cough. It’s pretty bad.

[No Bones About It]
THE WHAT

[Knife Knife Baby]
I’m home Kiri-chan don’t worry about it. Mom’s taking care of me.
Anyway I probably won’t be at school on Monday so. A d i e u .

[Frogger]
Now I’m thinking you’ve been around Aoyama too much.

[Vroom Vroom]
We’ll leave you be, Midoriya. Get some sleep.

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
Feel better!!

[Snow White]
^^^ (oﾟ▽ﾟ)o

[No Bones About It]
^^^

[Knife Knife Baby]
See ya.

He closes out of his messenger and leaves the phone on the coffee table, shutting his eyes. Barely five seconds pass before he gets another text, this time from Kirishima specifically, not through their group chat.

[Kiri-chan]
Are you really okay?
Do you need me to come over?

[Midoriya Izuku]
I’m fine, I promise. And Mom’s taking care of me.
I’m probably contagious right now so I’d wait a few days.
If you really want to you could come see me Monday after school.

[Kiri-chan]
Wow you’re...pretty talkative right now, huh.

[Midoriya Izuku]
It’s been a long day.

[Kiri-chan]
Right, well, get some sleep. See you Monday!

[Midoriya Izuku]
See you then.

The rest of Saturday ticks on almost excruciatingly slowly. Izuku is fine when he’s talking with his friends, and he felt better since talking to Mom about everything, but about an hour later, when he wakes up from a short rest, he’s back to feeling completely overwhelmed and crushed by the weight of everything that’d happened and everything that’s happening now.

He manages to eat something that night, but it’s not much, and then he’s sleeping fitfully again. He has foggy, sick-dreams of his past; they aren’t memories, and they don’t affect him like they usually do considering they’re mere fabrications, but still, it’s hard. He wakes up from them every time feeling like there’d been a physical part of him torn out of his chest. Along with the pounding in his head and the ragged cough he’s developed, he’s a disaster.

Emotional trainwreck, indeed.

If this is the beginning of the breakthrough, the start of his “making peace” with everything that’s happened, he’s almost scared of what comes next.

On Sunday, he feels better. Sort of. His body finally shut down long enough for him to get a few hours of undisturbed sleep, and his chills aren’t as bad now. He still wears a hoodie like he always does and his cats are constantly curled around him, but he’s okay. Mom tries getting him to eat something whenever he’s awake, and he only complies for her sake.

It would seem he’s past the worst of it, but he’s thought along these lines before and found himself disappointed, so he doesn’t do it again. His head doesn’t hurt nearly as much as it did before, which is nice, but the cough is still lingering and annoying. Sometimes he fears he’ll never be over it.

On Monday, he sleeps straight through breakfast and has a late lunch that might as well be dinner, considering the time of day. He hadn’t heard from Kirishima whatsoever, but he assumes he’s still coming over.

Sure enough, just as Izuku thinks he might drift off again, the doorbell rings.

“I’ll get it,” Mom says, getting up from the couch and crossing towards the door. She knows Izuku is expecting people over, so she’s not surprised. Izuku hears the door open, followed by bits and pieces of conversation; “Oh, hi there! Thanks for coming over, you two—Izuku is in the living room, he’s been waiting—”

...Two?

Iida and Ochako step into the living room behind Mom. Ochako is carrying a small gift bag, and it seems Iida is carrying both their school bags. There’s no sign of Kirishima, though.

“Hi, Izuku!” Ochako greets with a smile; she crosses the room first and sits down next to him on the couch, and Iida follows in her lead, sinking onto the couch on Izuku’s other side. “Sorry, Kirishima wanted to be here, but he kindaaaa failed all the pop-quizzes today and had to stay after school for a while.”

“Oh.” Izuku looks down at his hands, thinking. “...Do you think it was because he was worried about me?”

“He did seem distracted all day,” Iida murmurs, straightening his glasses, “but I wouldn’t worry about it. He said he would drop by once he’s finished at school. Until then…” Iida reaches over, and Ochako settles the gift bag in Izuku’s lap. “He wanted us to run by and get you this.”

“Oh.” Izuku blinks, then removes the tissue paper to reveal the contents. There’s a can of raspberry soda and a post-it note that says Raincheck :). Izuku exhales sharply through his nose and shakes his head (though he stops quickly when his headache is further fueled by the movement).

“Thanks,” he says, lifting his head to look first at Iida, then at Ochako. “Do you guys...want to hang out for a little while?”

They look at each other for a moment, then come to a silent agreement. “If you don’t mind us being here,” Iida says, turning towards him, “I think we’d like to stay.”

“You don’t have to if there’s somewhere else you’d rather be,” Izuku murmurs. “Plus, I’m not gonna be much company right now. I’m not contagious anymore but I still feel like crap, so.”

“It’s alright,” Ochako says, nodding firmly. “It sucks being sick anyway, maybe we’ll be able to cheer you up.”

That’d be nice. They aren’t Kirishima, but they aren’t enemies, either, or even strangers. Iida is stern and serious, and sometimes he can be a little scary, but that’s just how he is. Iida would never hurt any of them, and Izuku knows he can come across as scary himself, too, so he’s not one to talk. Ochako is bubbly, and she’s a bit more enthusiastic than Izuku can handle sometimes, but again, that’s just her. That’s who she is, and honestly, sometimes her enthusiasm is much appreciated.

They aren’t Kirishima, but they don’t have to be. They’re Izuku’s friends either way and he loves them individually.

Once the cats recall their prior meeting with Iida and Ochako, they warm up remarkably quick. Iida doesn’t seem to know what to do when they begin climbing on him, while Ochako giggles endlessly and strokes their fur.

“Hi Icy, hi Rainbow, hi Snickers, hi Kittles, hi Diamond, Shiny, Marshmallow, Fluffy, Fistfight, Fiddlesticks, Hamburger, Sharpie, aaaaand…” She looks around, puzzled. “Where’s Teacup?”

“Here.” Izuku raises an arm; said kitten dangles from it. Teacup has always been a runt, like Rainbow, and is much smaller as a result.

Iida’s eyes are wide with what seems to be a mixture of awe and horror. “You actually remembered all of them?”

“Of course!” Ochako answers brightly; Fiddlesticks is currently trying to get her attention by crawling into her arms and bumping his head under her chin, at which she laughs softly. “Took a little while, but I remembered all of them!”

That look on Iida’s face doesn’t leave for a solid ten minutes—long enough for Mom to bring a blanket from the spare room and set up Izuku’s laptop for a movie.

It’s kind of weird, Izuku thinks. This time last year, it’d been hard just to drag himself outside to take a walk. It’d been hard just to talk himself down from panic attacks when he bumped into someone else or someone brushed him by accident.

Now he’s sitting in between two actual friends of his, a shared blanket around their shoulders, watching dumb videos on Izuku’s laptop, surrounded by cats and warmth and comfort and it’s weird. It’s only been a year. A little under a year, actually, since he met Kirishima, and his life has already made so many changes for the better.

A part of him kind of wants to cry again, while the rest of him really longs for a smile.

“What do I do?”

“Just move your arm, it should be fine—”

“I don’t want to wake him up, Uraraka, he’s sick.”

“He’ll be fine, don’t worry. He looks like he’s pretty sound asleep.”

“Are you sure he’ll be alright?”

“I’m sure, but we can always come back tomorrow and check on him if he still can’t come to school.”

He feels himself being shifted, slowly, and then he’s laying down on his side, and the blanket is being pulled further over his shoulders. It’s one of those things where he’s aware of what’s going on, but he isn’t nearly conscious enough to react to it; besides, the terrible pounding in his head has finally subsided, and for once he doesn’t feel like he needs to sit up and let a coughing fit pass, so there’s really no reason for him to even bother.

He hears Mom’s voice, then Iida’s and Ochako’s, all whispers. He can’t make out anything they’re saying, but their tones are soft and light, so he assumes nothing’s wrong. Right now, he’s too content to bother putting much thought into it. He thinks he hears Iida and Ochako murmur quiet goodbyes to him before the door clicks shut, and he takes the memory down with him as he drops off to sleep once more.

He doesn’t dream. He doesn’t relive anything. He sleeps, and for once in his life, it really is just as simple as that.  

Tuesday afternoon is when he wakes up, still on the couch, with his pink laptop on the coffee table and a fluffy blanket over his shoulders. He sits up, and his cats take turns stretching and repositioning themselves around him as he moves. He doesn’t feel sick anymore, and it’s one of those rare moments when he actually feels rested, which is a miracle and a blessing both at once.

“Good to see you up!” Mom says, swinging around the corner with a smile on her face. Already, Izuku can tell that the air around her is more chipper, which isn’t weird or bad, but it’s a tad bit out of the ordinary. “How do you feel?”

“I feel...good?” It’s posed as a question because he really doesn’t know what “good” feels like. “I mean...I don’t think I’m sick anymore.”

“That’s good news!” Mom says, disappearing back into the kitchen. “I called the school today and told them you were taking today off and that I’d let them know how you’re feeling. They said that with your grades, they aren’t worried about you taking off-days. They were all really understanding.”

Izuku remembers what Aizawa said, about debriefing the teachers on his situation. He wonders how much they actually know.

“Anyway…” Mom makes her way back down the hallway towards him, carrying a small tray with her. She settles the tray down on the coffee table (cinnamon rolls, hallelujah), then sinks onto the couch beside Izuku. “...There’s actually something I need to talk to you about, Izuku.”

Izuku turns to her and waits.

“...I was speaking with Kagami-san regarding an emotional support animal,” Mom begins, wringing her hands together. “He’s on-board with it, and he’s willing to send a trainer here to help us train whichever ESA we pick. He even said that we could eventually get it certified as a service animal, too, if we can train it to bring you your suppressants when you need them, the likes…”

Izuku nods. “He told me a little bit about it, too,” he says, recalling. “So...what’s the problem…?”

Mom draws a breath. “...I have a mixture of good news and bad news. And they’re pretty heavily intertwined, so it’s not the kind of situation where I could tell you one or the other first.”

“...Okay...so…?”

“Kagami-san thinks it’s wisest for you to get a dog,” Mom begins simply. “Which I agree with. I know you love cats, Izuku, but training a cat to bring you suppressants would be...next to impossible, let alone certifying a cat as an service animal down the line is. You can see where we’d run into problems.”

Izuku had already been expecting this from the moment Kagami brought it up, so he’s not surprised. “Okay,” he says, nodding, “so...the bad news…?”

“Well, I was looking around for some of the breeds he suggested,” Mom continues, still wringing her hands together. “You know, at adoption centers, if people have them up for adoption, the likes...and I found one of the breeds he recommended. And the dog’s in the age-group he recommended, too. A little over one and a half.”

No bad news so far. He’s just waiting for the ball to drop. “...And?”

Mom takes in a long breath. “Our neighbors, Misaki and Daichi. It’s their dog. They’ve put him up for adoption.”

The ties between their families have been cut for years. Literal, solid years in which neither family spoke to each other, or even so much as gave indication that the other existed. Misaki gets that it’s mostly her fault; it’d been her tendency to stick her nose in places it didn’t belong that drove Inko to sever the ties between them. It wasn’t that they hated each other; Inko simply didn’t want her or her husband anywhere near her household, which, now that Misaki thinks about it, makes sense.

So you can imagine Misaki’s surprise at receiving a phone call from Inko now, several years after the incident, completely out of the blue.

“Hello? Is this Misaki?”

“Yes,” Misaki says, leaning against the doorframe. “It’s been a long time, Inko-san. I wasn’t aware you still had my number.”

“I didn’t. I saw your ad online. For the dog.”

“Oh.” Misaki blinks twice in rapid session. “...You want to adopt him, is that it? He’s a brilliant dog, really smart, too. He’d be an easy dog to take care of, I reckon, for your line of work.”

“Not for me. For my son, Izuku.”

For her son, she says. The son Misaki never met. She’s seen the boy several times, walking to school, coming home from school, but they’ve never spoken. They’ve never actually been in the same space together at the same time.

“...Well...why don’t the two of you come over for tea? You can meet him, hang out for a bit, see if he’s the right dog for you two. What do you say?”

There’s a long pause, then Inko’s small, “Yes. That sounds perfect.”

They arrange for a time later that day, and that’s that. Misaki is left tapping her foot and doing needless chores around the house to distract herself from the impending doom of three o’clock.

The doorbell rings, and Misaki practically flies across the room to answer it as quickly as she can. She regains her composure shortly before swinging the door open, of course, and the she’s looking into the eyes of Inko Midoriya, who hasn’t changed a bit over the years, it seems. If anything, she looks better than she used to, less frazzled and more relaxed.

“Thank you for having us, Misaki,” she says, bowing shortly. Beside her, her son mirrors the gesture.

Izuku is...not what Misaki had been expecting. She’d seen him several times from the window, as he headed downtown or went to school in more recent days, but he has a completely different air about him in person. He’s very small considering that, if she recalls correctly, he should be fifteen now, and his demeanor is more like that of an eleven year old lost in the grocery store than a young adult. Not to mention his apparel; a bright blue sweatshirt, light up shoes...it looks like he drew a little blue heart on his cheek, too.

Except, there’s something in his eyes that looks very old. Very drawn. Very weary and exhausted. If he has the body of a ten year old, he has the eyes and the scars of someone who’s lived well beyond their years.

It’s only now when the boy meets her eyes that she realized she’s been staring. “Ahh, I’m sorry, please come in,” she says, stepping out of the doorway to let them through. “Please make yourselves at home. There’s tea on the stove, I’ll fix some. Unless you’d like to meet the dog first.”

“Does he have a name?” Izuku asks, and Misaki will be honest, that voice is not one she’d expected from that face. The boy has one of the most gentle, soft voices she’s ever heard before in her life.

“He does,” Misaki answers with a nod, “but I thought I’d just leave that up to you. He’s used to the name he has now, but he’s smart, and it won’t take long for him to get used to a different one.”

Izuku and Inko both nod, and Misaki leads them down the hallway towards the bedroom. “I’ll warn you, he’s a big dog,” Misaki says, reaching for the doorknob, “but he’s a sweetheart. Really mellow.”

She opens the door. The dog—a Bernese mountain dog, big but gentle—raises his head immediately, tail swishing the floor. Izuku is the first to react, stepping forward and stretching out his hand. The dog responds by getting up and tapping his muzzle against Izuku’s palm.

“My sister in law dropped him off with us about a month ago,” Misaki explains, mainly to Inko, but to Izuku, too, “but it was really short notice, and she only gave him to us because she didn’t know who else to hand him off to. My husband and I work, and we talked about it, and we just don’t think it’s fair to him just to keep him cooped up. He deserves a better life.”

Izuku looks at Misaki over his shoulder. “And you said I get to name him?”

“If you and your mom decide to take him, yes,” Misaki answers with a smile and a nod. “You can hang out with him a while if you’d like while your mother and I discuss it, Izuku-kun. He wouldn’t hurt a fly.”

Izuku glances over at Inko briefly, and when she nods, Izuku nods toward Misaki. “Thank you.”

Misaki’s smile grows, but it also turns softer. She and Inko head into the living room and leave Izuku to it.

“I suppose my first question should have been whether or not he gets along well with other animals,” Inko murmurs once she and Misaki are on the couch with their tea. Just like old times. “See, Izuku has a bad habit of...bringing home stray cats.”

“Ahh…” Looking at him, Misaki wouldn’t have thought he was the type. “He’s an animal person, huh…well, my sister in law told me that Bailey—or, I suppose, whatever your son decides to call him—he grew up with cats. I don’t know why she thought it was a good idea to adopt a dog, considering she has no time for him, but that’s neither here nor there.”

“We’re looking into an emotional support animal for Izuku,” Inko tells her, and Misaki isn’t surprised, not really, but even so. “His therapist suggested a Saint Bernard, considering how jumpy Izuku can get, but there weren’t any nearby, and then I found your ad online…”

Misaki nods, stirring her tea idly. “Inko-san...I am truly sorry. About before.”

Inko is already shaking her head before she finishes speaking. “I get that you were curious,” she says, “and, honestly, I don’t know who wouldn’t be, but...it wasn’t personal, Misaki. I didn’t cut ties with you because I resented you, it was just...at the time, it was just one more thing that we couldn’t handle.”

“I understand,” Misaki says, setting her tea down. “I shouldn’t have gone snooping where I didn’t belong, I knew better.”

“Well, either way, what’s done is done.” Inko nods again and sips her tea as something of a silent way of saying she’s done discussing this. She settles her teacup on the table shortly thereafter and meets Misaki’s eyes. “On the topic of the dog—Bailey, you called him—”

“Yes, but of course, he can relearn a name.”

“Right,” Inko nods. “On that topic, how trainable is he? Does he accept direction well, what does he already know—of course, we’re having a professional trainer work with him, but, you understand.”

Misaki mulls this over for a bit. “Well, like I said, I’ve only had him for a little over a month,” she answers, leaning back, “but he’s a well-behaved dog. Good manners. I’m not sure how trainable he is, because I’ve never had time to put towards training him, but he’s definitely very smart.”

“Hmm…” Inko ponders this. “Well, I do need to discuss it with Izuku before making a final decision…”

“Of course,” Misaki agrees, nodding. “Of course, yes, it’s definitely not something you wanna make an impulse-decision on. Take your time. And don’t be afraid to give me a call once you make up your mind.”

“Thank you.” Inko rises to her feet, and Misaki does the same across from her. “We’ll get back to you on that as soon as we can.”

“Like I said, no rush,” Misaki assures. “Take your time, take your time.”

They retrieve Izuku shortly thereafter; he’d found one of Bailey’s toys and is trying to play tug-a-war with him (although he doesn’t stand a chance against the dog). Inko calls Izuku back, and Izuku pats the dog on the head before rejoining his mother. There’s something in Izuku’s eyes that hadn’t been there before. A newfound life.

“Don’t be a stranger, either of you,” Misaki says as they make to leave. “Anytime you wanna come over, feel free to come over. And lemme know about the dog, I won’t let anyone else come take him until you get back to me first.”

“Thank you.” Inko bows, and Izuku does the same beside her. Misaki can’t help but smile.

Izuku is a nice boy. There’s a lot about him Misaki doesn’t know, a lot she’s almost afraid to know, but after meeting him officially for the first time, seeing him play with Bailey—he’s a good kid. Well-mannered. Gentle. He lacks a few social skills, of course, but that’s okay. He’s obviously working and trying his best, and that alone tells Misaki a lot about his character.

She goes to the bedroom, where Bailey is asleep again, though he raises her head when she approaches. She kneels by him on the ground and scratches him behind the ears. In her heart, she already knows; it won’t be long before she gets a call from Inko confirming that, yes, they do want to take him. The thought doesn’t upset her. She’s glad.

“That boy’s gonna need you,” Misaki says, and Bailey looks at her, tongue lolling out the side of his mouth. “You take good care of him, okay?”

The dog licks her, which Misaki assumes is about as good an answer as any.

[MESSAGING: “KIRI-CHAN”]

[Midoriya Izuku]
I have a surprise. You’re never gonna believe it.

[Kiri-chan]
Ohhh boy, I’m scared.
You’re gonna send me a picture of like 200 cats aren’t  you.

[Midoriya Izuku]
As fantastic as that would be, no.
[attachment.photo]

[Kiri-chan]
HSDFKJLSDF
A DOG??
YOU GOT A DOG???

[Midoriya Izuku]
no he’s a ferret

[Kiri-chan]
I THOUGHT YOU WERE A CAT PERSON
OH HOLY CRAP DOES YOUR MOM KNOW
STRAY CATS ARE ONE THING BUT A FREAKING DOG

[Midoriya Izuku]
No Mom knows.
He’s going to be my emotional support dog and maybe a service dog further down the line if we get him trained and certified. :)

[Kiri-chan]
O H
THAT’S GREAT THEN!! I’M HAPPY FOR YOU THAT’S AWESOME
What’s his name? Did you pick one out yet?

[Midoriya Izuku]
Cat.

[Kiri-chan]
KOPKDFLKDL:FKGOPF:L
YOU NAMED
THE FREAKIN DOG
C  A T

[Midoriya Izuku]
^ . . ^

[Kiri-chan]
ARE YOU KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW

[Midoriya Izuku]
Nope
^ . . ^
Cat

[Kiri-chan]
…
honestly I don’t know why I even bother being surprised by you anymore.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Me neither
Notes:

    So we're moving right along here! :D I was originally going to have Rainbow become Izuku's ESA, but in the end I decided on a dog specifically because if they wanted to eventually train "Cat" to become a service animal (or just bring Izuku suppressants when he needs them), they'd actually be able to do that, whereas with a cat they'd probably be fresh out of luck (i'm sorry Rainbow we still love you).

    Anyway, I've got quite a few chapters on the backlog, so until, say, around chapter 30-32, I'll be updating once every three days. :) Thanks for the continued support, everyone! Love y'all! See ya soon!

Chapter 21
Notes:

    Hey guys!! Thanks so much for your continued support!! \o/ I didn't get around to responding to all your comments this time, and I'm sorry, but know that it means the world to me!! :D

    Before we begin, ART!! Thank you all so much!!

    ItsByMe

    ravenclawoutcast13

    chiinteguas 

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It’s almost scary, Izuku thinks, how well Cat already seems to read him.

Izuku has never particularly liked dogs. The few he’d met on the streets or in the park always barked at him and they never seemed very thrilled to see him, which was disheartening because he truly did love animals—specifically cats, but yes, animals in general. Plus, dogs have always unsettled him. It’s not even as though he’s had a bad experience with them, he just doesn’t interact with them well.

Or, he didn’t. But now Cat’s here, and Izuku absolutely loves him to pieces.

It is a bit scary, though, how Cat already seems to know the ins and outs of him.

Izuku has been eating meals consistently, and eating good meals at that, but every now and then—maybe twice a week or so—he can’t force himself to eat. One of these times come right after Izuku and Inko bring Cat home.

They'd bought supplies ahead of time; a big dog bed to compensate Cat's size, food and water bowls, a leash, dog food, the likes. Misaki told them that Cat was already housebroken and would scratch on the door when he needed to go out, in which case Izuku would take him out on his leash.

Cat is very well-behaved, considering he was just given to a brand new family and barely knows either of them. He doesn't even beg when there's food at the table; he seems perfectly content laying in his dog bed while the cats prowl around him, curious.

(That's something else. True to Misaki's word, Cat doesn't mind the actual cats, and so far, the resident cats don't seem to mind him either.)

It's only been about eight hours since they brought Cat home and Izuku already loves him just as much as he loves the actual cats.

And so, dinner. Izuku's day has been going spectacularly, but it's just one of those nights when his body betrays him and the thought of food makes him nauseous.

Mom notices the second he hesitates, chopsticks held between his shaking fingers. She reaches over and settles her hand on his with a reassuring smile.

“You've been eating well this week so far, Izuku,” she says gently, meeting his eyes. “If you can't eat right now that's okay. It’s not worth trying if you know you’re going to bring it up again later. Just let me know if you’re hungry, okay?”

The relief crashes over him in a wave, and he sets down his chopsticks at once. Mom smiles again, then returns to her own dish while Izuku pulls one of Ochako's pens from his pocket and begins to doodle over his scars. He loves his knives, but it’s nicer to doodle than it is to fiddle with them. Plus, he recently figured out how to draw little cartoon cats inspired by the embroidery given to him by Tsuyu.

Except, that’s when Cat suddenly reaches his side and shoves his head into Izuku’s lap. Izuku doesn’t jump, but it does surprise him, and judging by Mom’s wondering eyes, it surprises her, too.

“...That’s...odd,” Mom says, blinking several times, chopsticks still between her fingers. “You didn’t call him over…”

Izuku shakes his head. “I didn’t.” As weird as it is, and as big of a cat person as he is, Cat’s weight is comforting, and he settles the pen on the table and digs his fingers into Cat’s thick fur.

So.

That was something.

Sometimes in the end it just boils down to Shouta wondering why he even bothers being surprised by this kid anymore. It's not ten more cats he shows up with for training this time, no; it's a big, fluffy dog that looks twice—no, maybe even three times the kid's size. 

Shouta stares. He can't help it. The cats are curveballs enough, but a dog? “...I hope to God your mother knows about this.”

Midoriya snorts like it's a joke, but really, the implications could mean anything. “No, she knows,” he says, and Shouta lets out the biggest sigh of relief he's ever given. “This is Cat. He's going to be trained more as my emotional support dog and maybe a service dog later on. Y’know, so I can bring him with me everywhere and stuff.”

Oh. That makes, so much sense. “Alright,” Shouta says with a nod. “And is... Cat okay with us training, or is he going to resent me?”

“He'll be okay,” Midoriya answers, but he doesn't sound completely confident in that. “It's just Quirk training today you said, right?”

Shouta nods. "Right, yeah. And you can control the output now. You made that breakthrough."

Midoriya nods and looks down at his hands. “It's...weird,” he says, fiddling with Cat’s leash. “At the USJ, for the first time...I actually felt like I had complete control of Glitch, and not the other way around.”

Shouta digests this. Nods. “But you still can't turn it off.”

Midoriya shakes his head without hesitation. "No. Not even a little bit. Even being able to control the output like that is...it's hard. My Quirk is definitely broken; I just figured out how to work around some of the broken parts for it to work."

“Right. Well, you'll get there. You've made a great deal of progress already.”

Midoriya nods stiffly. Shouta eyes the dog for another long moment. "Cat," as Midoriya called him, has a gentle face and soft eyes—the complete opposite of Midoriya's many—many—cats. And Midoriya himself.
"There's something else I wanna talk to you about, Problem Child," Shouta says, moving aside, "before we start training." He sits atop a fallen beam that'd once held up one of these buildings, then pats the spot beside him.

Midoriya blinks, confused, but obliges, and he sinks down next to Shouta, holding Cat's lead in his lap. Cat sits right beside him.

"The sports festival is coming up in a few weeks," Shouta says, threading his fingers together loosely. "I don't know if you've already been informed of this, but you placed first in the entrance exam."

Midoriya frowns. "Really?"

"Yep, really." Shouta nods. "And, as such, it befalls on you to give the opening speech for the first year segment."

Shouta doesn't see it happen, but there's suddenly a pen in Midoriya's hand and he's drawing little swirls on his arm. "Is that so."

Shouta's brows furrow. "...Midoriya."

"Is that so."

"You don't have to." Midoriya stares at him, swirling the pen across his skin lazily, and Shouta continues; "I'm giving you an out, if you want one. The next student down could do it."

The pen doesn't stop. "Who's the next student down?"

"That would be Bakugou."

Midoriya's hand stills for a full second, and then it continues. "I don't know. I don't mind giving the speech, not really, I just...don't know right now."

As if on cue, Cat flops his head across Midoriya's lap, and Midoriya doesn't even stiffen, he just buries his fingers in the fur of Cat's neck. He still doodles with the other hand.

There’s nothing left to talk about, and deeming the conversation finished, Shouta rises to his feet. "Well, you've got time to make your decision," he determines, walking away. "Just try getting back to me on it by the end of the week, yeah?"

Midoriya swallows, but nods and gets to his feet. “As for Cat, about him and school…”

“I’ll talk to the rest of the teachers,” Shouta answers simply. “You said he’s your emotional support dog and gearing up to be a service dog later on. Granted he's behaved, there's no reason for them to say no.”

Midoriya nods. “Thank you.”

“Now.” Shouta turns toward him and meets his eyes. “Want to fire up your Quirk?”

Midoriya nods, though the movement is slightly more frantic than before. He pockets the pen, then looks down at the leash in his opposite hand. "Erm, would you mind...?"

Shouta replies by stretching out his hand. "Give it here."

Midoriya passes the leash to him, and Cat sits beside Shouta patiently while Midoriya steps away. The kid takes in a breath through his nose, leaves his eyes shut, and moments later, he calls his Quirk from within him.

Shouta lets it go for a total of three seconds. It doesn’t affect him as much now as it used to, especially considering that Midoriya is more comfortable and has a bit more control over it than he used to. When those seconds are up, Shouta focuses and forces back his Quirk.

Midoriya releases his breath and opens his eyes. The gold flickers away to green, although some speckles remain. Shouta meets his eyes and holds his gaze for a long, silent moment.

“...That was the easiest time I’ve ever had turning off your Quirk,” Shouta says.

Cat had made an effort to comfort Midoriya earlier when he was worried about giving the speech, but the dog stays where he is now, content.

Which means Midoriya must also be content.

The thought sends a spark through Shouta’s chest, and Midoriya’s eyes shine at the revelation. This time last year, just trying to get Midoriya to willingly turn on his Quirk took a lot of mental effort and emotional strain; but now he’d done it as easily as though he’d been born with it.

It’s progress. There’s only forward.

“...Let me know your final decision on the festival,” Shouta says, handing back the leash, which Midoriya takes readily. “The sooner you get back to me on that, the better.”

“I will,” Midoriya says, nodding. “Anything else?”

“Yeah, actually. I think it’s worth mentioning that you’re in the clear to bring your Quirk suppressants with you to the sports festival. Except, considering how hazardous they are in large doses, you should probably only use one for the entire duration of the festival.”

Midoriya blinks down at his hands. “...So unless you turn it off...I can only use my Quirk once.”

“Yep.” Shouta nods, settling a hand at his hip. “It’s not something you have to worry about, though. You never want to overthink stuff like this. You’ll be fine.”

Midoriya nods, but he seems distracted. For a long moment, he does nothing—and then, to Shouta’s surprise, he bows lowly.

“Thank you,” he says, and his voice breaks. “For everything.”

“Hey.” Shouta reaches out and nudges his shoulder, just enough to coax him out of the bow. “Don’t mention it, kid. I’ve got the easy job, here; I’m proud of you for the progress  you’ve made so far, even though it’s been hard. Let’s keep going like this, yeah?”

Midoriya blinks, long and slow, then nods eagerly. “Yeah. Let’s.”

[Kiri-chan]

Hey dude i’ve been thinking.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Fear

[Kiri-chan]
C’mon don’t be like that man. :(
Listen, I come to your house all the time, but I just realized that I never once actually invited you over to my house.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Suppose you haven’t.
To be fair, though, when you met me I barely wanted to go outside, let alone to someone else’s house.

[Kiri-chan]
Yeah but still I should have thought about it.
Do you wanna come over? Like, today?
Like maybe even right now?

[Midoriya Izuku]
I think Cat’s trainer is coming by either tonight or tomorrow.
I’ll ask Mom and get back to you on that.

[Kiri-chan]
Alrightee, sounds good.
Cya!

[Midoriya Izuku]
:)

Cat’s trainer is scheduled to come by that afternoon—but, on Mom’s advice and Izuku’s discomfort, he decides to accept Kirishima’s invitation.

“I heard from Kagami that Saito is a calm woman,” Mom had said when discussing this with him, Cat lying lazily on his dog bed, surrounded by kittens, “but I don’t know for how long she’s planning to be here. If you want to go over to Eijirou’s, if you think that’d be less stressful, then feel free.”

And that marks his final decision: he’ll go to Kirishima’s place until the trainer, Saito, is done with Cat’s first session. As beneficial as Izuku thinks it’d be for him to be there, he’s certain Mom can fill him in on Saito’s practices.

So he texted Kirishima back, and once Kirishima sent him his address, Izuku set out alone. Kirishima meets him about half-way, even though Izuku has directions; according to him, the neighborhood can be tricky to navigate, so it’s better to have someone there who already knows the way.

And now he’s on the front porch of Kirishima’s family home and he’s thinking that maybe he should’ve stayed home with Mom, trainer arriving or not. Kirishima is right beside him, sure, but he’d forgotten about one key aspect that he should’ve considered before.

Kirishima’s parents.

The house is small but the neighborhood is a good, well-kept one. It’s very homey and welcoming, so Izuku doesn’t know why he feels like he just swallowed rocks.

“It’s fine,” Kirishima says with a grin, fishing a set of keys from his pocket and unlocking the front door. “I told my parents a little bit about you. They ain’t gonna jump you or anything, so don’t worry about it. Except, there is something you need to know…”

Izuku is so stiff and tense at this point that someone could use him as a hat hook and he wouldn’t even think twice. “What is it.”

“I have...four dogs,” Kirishima answers, pulling the keys back and pocketing them. “Golden retrievers. They’re really sweet, but they’ll knock you on your butt if you aren’t careful. Is that okay, or...?”

Oh. Dogs. Dogs are the least of his worries. Give him wolves, those’ll be easier to interact with than Kirishima’s parents. Izuku doesn’t know why he feels so self-conscious about this all of a sudden; he’s never liked people, sure, but he’s so tense right now that someone could probably mistake him for a detailed mannequin.

“...Dude.” Kirishima pokes his shoulder. “It’s really okay. Just calm down a little, alright?”

Izuku doesn’t move. “Okie dokie.”

Kirishima raises an eyebrow at him, unconvinced—but then, he turns the knob and pushes the door open, heading inside. When he finds feeling in his legs again, Izuku follows him.

The front door leads straight into the living room, where dark, crimson-colored rugs cover bits of a smooth, hardwood floor. There’s a threadbare couch facing a widescreen TV on the far wall; an extinguished stone fireplace makes up part of the wall beside the couch. The house is well-lit. Pictures line the walls and sit on the fireplace’s mantle. It’s very homey.

“Mom! Dad! I’m back!” Kirishima hollers into the house, already yanking off his shoes by the door. Izuku follows his lead. “I brought Izuku!”

Izuku goes rigid again, and when he hears a set of quick, approaching footsteps, he contemplates how hard it would be to use his knives to dig his way to the other side of the world.

A woman steps from the hallway and into the front room, big, circular spectacles resting on the bridge of her nose. She has short, shaggy red hair and sparkling blue eyes, and her demeanor is easy-going and welcoming. She looks like she’s in her early twenties, but there’s no way that’s the case. Izuku’s shoulders go slack the moment he doesn’t pick up a sense of a threat from her.

“Hey, Mom!” Kirishima says immediately, beaming. He swings an arm around Izuku’s shoulder, no doubt sensing some of his discomfort and wanting to ease it. “This is Izuku, I told you and Dad about him before.”

The woman’s eyes flicker over to Izuku, who swallows hard and bows. “Thankyouforhavingme.”

“Oh, look at you!”

The woman’s voice is not what Izuku expected from that face. While the air she gives off is laid-back, her voice carries a sort of gentle, worried urgency that Izuku has never heard the likes of before.

By the time he raises his head, she’s approached, and she sizes him up, settling her hands on his shoulders and gazing into his eyes.

“You’re really pale,” she says, brows pinching together. “And you’re skin and bones, my goodness—come with me, I just made a batch of cookies. Eijirou, you too. Your father should be home soon, he took the dogs out...”

She spins on her heel and stalks off with this new purpose in mind, and Izuku turns wide eyes to look at Kirishima, who shrugs helplessly and smile-winces. They follow Kirishima’s mother into the kitchen, where they’re told to sit at the dining table (it’s huge compared to Izuku’s and Mom’s), and she brings over the entire plate of cookies and sets it in front of them.

“Take as much as you want!” she beams, standing back and putting her hands on her hips proudly, as though admiring her handiwork. “I’ll be in the study, give me a holler if you need anything!”

“Got it!” This is obviously very normal, because Kirishima grins with a thumbs-up. “Thanks, Mom!”

Izuku nods, fidgeting restlessly. “T-Thanks, Miss.”

“Ahh, none of that, dear,” she says, waving a hand with a soft smile. “Call me Haruka, please. Or even Aunt Haruka, if you’d like. Any friend of Eijirou’s is family to me!”

Izuku has no idea how to respond to that, so he nods, thanks her one final time, and she leaves them to their devices—namely, the plate of cookies that no two people should be physically capable of consuming on their own.

“...Your mom is nice,” Izuku says, and when Kirishima takes the first cookie, Izuku follows his lead. “She looks like she could be your big sister.”

Kirishima laughs and shakes his head. “She hears that all the time,” he says. “My parents were pretty young when they got married, and I came into the picture a little while after that.”

Izuku nods. “So, did you and your mom just...really like red hair, or…?”

Kirishima actually blushes and rubs the back of his neck. “Actually,” he says, sliding out of his chair to his feet (though he grabs a decent stack of at least seven cookies), “c’mere, there’s an entire story to that.”

Izuku takes a smaller amount of two cookies and follows Kirishima out of the kitchen and down the hallway. Doors line either sides of the hall, and Kirishima takes the third one on the right. A nameplate—spray-painted red on black wood—reads “Eijirou.”

“Welcome to my paradise,” Kirishima says, spreading wide his hands. “Or, as Mom likes to call it, my own little corner of hell.”

It certainly looks the part. Kirishima had never been a neat person, even slightly, and his room is the prime example. Clothes, books, a water gun, even, chess pieces, personalized cards to a game Izuku doesn’t recognize, are strewn across the room in disarray. The bed is unmade. There are pencils, pens, and open notebooks sprawled across the desk. Izuku doesn’t think it’d be possible to intentionally recreate such a mess, ever.

“Sorry about…” Kirishima gestures vaguely. “...Yeah.”

Izuku can only stare, completely discombobulated. He’s never been a neat-freak, but he isn’t sure he won’t start compulsively cleaning Kirishima’s room the second he turns his back.

“...This is fine,” Izuku intones.

“Well, I’m assuming the mess distracted you from the posters.”

Izuku turns to him, frowning, and Kirishima reaches over and hits the overhead lights. Izuku hadn’t even noticed how dark the room was at first; the mess had distracted him from that, too.

The walls are lined, almost floor to ceiling, with posters of the hero apparently named Crimson Riot. He certainly looks the part of “hero,” with a flowing cape and the kind of face that says a reassuring, “I’ve got this.” Just pictures of the hero ooze confidence and bravery on every bend.

And he has a head of bright red hair.

“He was...a huge inspiration to me,” Kirishima says embarrassedly, blushing again and rubbing the back of his neck. “Ever since I first saw a video of one of his fights online, I wanted to be just like him. So, I asked my mom about dying my hair, but I was super worried about it at first since, y’know, I’d never done it before. So she offered to do it with me, and, well, here we are.”

“That’s really sweet,” Izuku says, any last bits of tension finally leaving his shoulders. “That was nice of her to do that for you.”

“Yeah…” Kirishima smiles, looking up at one of the posters on the wall again. “She was supportive of me, no matter how crazy my hero obsession got. Man, Crimson Riot...he was so cool. I would’ve loved to meet him.”

Izuku blinks. “...‘Was’?”

“Well…” Kirishima deflates, and he looks up at one of the pictures sadly. “He’s been missing for years now. I never actually saw a live fight of him, just replays people put online. A lot of people think he’s dead, others say he’s just missing, but...y’know. Either way.”

Izuku steps up beside Kirishima, walking around a pile of laundry to do so. He looks up at the poster for a long moment, matching Kirishima’s gaze.

“Y’know, Kiri-chan, you’re an amazing hero already.”

Kirishima whirls around to stare at him, wide-eyed. “You’re kidding, man, c’mon.”

“No, I mean it,” Izuku says, turning to face him likewise. “I think you’re fantastic. Really brave.”

Kirishima doesn’t blush. He looks away; the look on his face goes from utterly mortified to doleful again. “I...disagree,” he says, meeting his gaze, “but...thanks, Izuku.”

Kirishima may have bested him at the endless run game, but Izuku is somehow better at Mario Kart, despite never playing the game before in his life. This frustrates Kirishima to no end, and Izuku hears him constantly murmuring to himself, wondering what it is about Izuku that makes him proficient at the game.

“There’s no way you can be that good at Rainbow Road!” Kirishima finally explodes when he’s had enough. “You said you never played it before, is that really true!? You can’t be a beginner and be this good at it!”

Izuku frowns at him. “What about beginner’s luck?”

Kirishima seems absolutely beside himself. “Beginner’s luck can’t beat Rainbow Road!”

Except, for some reason Izuku can. Rainbow Road is his favorite track out of all the ones they’ve played so far, so it’s thrilling to be good at it too.

Outside Kirishima’s tornado-aftermath of a room, Izuku hears a door open and shut, followed by a muffled voice hollering “I’m back!” into the house. Kirishima pauses their race and gets to his feet.

“That’s Dad,” he says, making for the door. “He’s been wanting to meet you for a while now, if you’re okay with that.”

“Uhm, okay.” Izuku sets down the controller and follows Kirishima toward the door, then out of the room and down the hallway.

Izuku doesn’t even have the chance to see Kirishima’s dad before he’s met by four huge, energetic, 50-some-pounds-each fluff balls that immediately run at him.

Izuku doesn’t even think about it; he leaps onto Kirishima’s back, just to be off the floor, and Kirishima laughs but calls the dogs off anyway.

“C’mon you guys, knock it off,” he says, shoving the first of the golden retrievers back. Izuku doesn’t let Kirishima go. “My friend’s kinda skittish. Go on, shoo.”

The dogs back down, and now that they aren’t nearly as crazy before, Izuku slides off Kirishima’s back. “My hero,” he murmurs; Kirishima replies with a goofy wink and a thumbs-up.

“Ahh, I’m real sorry about that.” A man steps towards them in the hallway, shoving off and shooing away the golden retrievers when they linger. “They always get excited about new people. I apologize.”

“It’s alright,” Izuku assures. “I like dogs, they just surprised me.”

The man smiles. He has an angular face, shaggy brown hair just a little longer than Haruka’s, and has a pair of rectangular glasses resting on his nose. He’s shorter than Kirishima, but still taller than Izuku.

“Dad, this is Midoriya Izuku,” Kirishima introduces, stepping aside. “He’s the friend I told you about.”

“Ahh, Izuku.” The man reaches out a hand, and Izuku tentatively shakes it. “It’s nice to finally put a face to the name, son. Eijirou never stops talking about you.”

Izuku turns to him; Kirishima grins and rubs the back of his neck. “What can I say,” Kirishima says. “You’re my best friend.”

It’s always been obvious, but warmth floods Izuku’s chest regardless.

“Well, it’s nice to finally meet you,” Kirishima’s dad says with a warm, welcoming smile. “Feel free to call me Takeda. Welcome to the family.”

Whether by coincidence or Kirishima’s planning, that night, Haruka calls the boys to the dinner table for katsudon. Izuku gives Kirishima a suspicious look the moment they’re sitting at the table, their bowls in front of them, and Kirishima pretends he doesn’t notice and instead takes up his chopsticks.

Haruka and Takeda join them at the table moments thereafter, and dinner begins in silence. Izuku isn’t sure whether or not it’s his place to break it; he’s only had dinner at his and mom’s house, and he really doesn’t know how to behave. Should he say something? Are they expecting him to say something? If so, what?

“So, Izuku, dear,” Haruka says, turning to him, “I hear you’ve been helping Eijirou with his studies for quite some time now.”

Oh, good, he doesn’t have to worry about it anymore. He nods. “For the past year, almost,” Izuku replies. “Kiri-chan is...well, he’s trying his best.”

Kirishima sighs. “You can say I’m dumb, dude, it’s fine.”

“You’re not dumb.”

“Well, we appreciate it, son,” Takeda says warmly, smiling at him. “Eijirou has definitely learned a lot from you, we can tell.”

Izuku doesn’t know why, but he kind of feels like crying again. It seems ever since that breakthrough at the amusement park, his tear ducts have been raring to go. It’s frustrating, but also kind of relieving. Cathartic.

He holds back and nods. “Yeah. I’m really glad to have met Kiri-chan. And you two, also. You’re both…” He looks down at his hands. Scarred. Haruka and Takeda hadn’t looked at him like he was a walking disaster. They hadn’t even asked. “...You’re both very kind.”

Haruka and Takeda look at each other for a long moment, then turn back to him with soft smiles.

“We’re glad to have finally met you, dear,” Haruka says. “I hope the katsudon is alright. I don’t make it often, but Eijirou tells me it’s your favorite, so…”

Izuku side-eyes Kirishima, glowering. “I knew it.”

“What can I say!?” Kirishima shrieks, voice two pitches higher than it should be. He waves his hands about, ever the drama queen. “She asked if you had a favorite food, I just—!”

Izuku pokes Kirishima on the shoulder with the tip of one of his chopsticks. “Dude. I’m kidding. It’s fine.” And then, to Haruka, “Thank you. It’s delicious.”

She beams. “I’m glad!”

Eijirou had told them a lot about Izuku. From his skittish personality to his cat obsession, from his intelligence and determination to his pure heart and good intentions, Haruka thought she was prepared for when Eijirou finally wanted to have him over.

Except that’s when Eijirou began to act a bit odd. It was subtle, but Haruka caught all of it. Every nervous habit, every small stutter in his voice, every void moment when he thought of something to say. She caught it all.

“There’s, ahh, there’s one more thing you guys need to know about him, before he comes over…”

Haruka had dropped what she was doing, focusing all her attention on him. “What is it?” she’d asked, not overly concerned. If Izuku was friends with Eijirou, there couldn’t be anything terribly wrong with him.

“He’s, ahh…” Eijirou’s nervousness was showing more than ever, in the way that he shifted his weight, rubbed his neck, smiled nervously. “...He’s got a ton of scars. All over him. And he kind of...ugh, there’s no way I can put this nicely. He looks like he’s dead on his feet.”

Haruka hadn’t known what he meant, but she’d done her best to be prepared when the moment came. She’d thought she was ready.

She was wrong.

From the second she laid eyes on the boy, her heart ached. She’d never seen that many scars on heroes, or even on villains on TV before, and she’d watched a lot of TV with Eijirou when he was growing up. And this boy is sixteen, according to Eijirou. He’s the same age as her and Takeda’s boy.

It’d hurt to think about it, so she’d put it out of her mind.

Izuku is a sweetheart. She could tell he’s socially awkward, but he really does try his best. When they finish with dinner, he offers to help her clean up, asks if she needs help, and oh, whatever this boy had been through, he didn’t deserve a lick of it.

“It’s fine, dear,” she assures him with a smile, taking their bowls into the kitchen. “I’ll take care of it. Eijirou, don’t worry about your chores for tonight. I’ll handle it.”

“Really!?” Eijirou exclaims, shooting up from his chair with wide eyes, and Takeda chuckles while Haruka only shakes her head. “Oh cool! C’mon, Izuku, I’m so beating you at Rainbow Road, just you wait—”

He takes Izuku by the hand (hesitantly, Haruka notices) and leads him away.

“Thank you for dinner, Haruka-san,” Izuku says to her over his shoulder as he’s dragged off, and Haruka smiles right up until Eijirou and Izuku turn the corner and disappear from sight. After that, she drops her smile, but waits until she hears the bedroom door close before speaking.

“...Takeda…”

Her husband sighs longly and shakes his head. He, too, has dropped his smile. “That poor kid,” he says, glancing at the hallway. “I’m glad he and Eijirou have each other, but…”

Haruka swallows hard and nods, the ache returning to her chest. Despite her fear of knowing, she can’t help but wonder what Izuku actually went through.

“Oh, boy—come on, you guys, you know you’re not supposed to be in here!”

“Maybe this is half the reason why the room is such a mess,” Izuku says. The four golden retrievers are being pushed out of the bedroom by Kirishima, and judging by Kirishima’s exasperation, this has obviously happened before. “Y’know. The dogs keep invading it.”

“That’s not it, man, it’s all me,” Kirishima says. “They’re just—Fetch, no, gimme that!”

The golden retriever in question had snatched up one of Kirishima’s shoes and is trying to make a break for it, but is blocked by the other three dogs trying to make their way out. Kirishima wrestles the shoe from the dog’s jaws, then shuts the door behind all four of them and leans against it with a heaving sigh.

“That was fun,” Kirishima says dryly, his tone of voice suggesting it was anything but. He tosses the shoe aside again and wipes the slobber on his jeans. “Sorry about them.”

“It’s fine,” Izuku says, then frowns. “Did you really name one of them Fetch?”

“I was six,” Kirishima answers, crossing the room. Izuku follows. “My dad named Rocky, I named Kazoo—I was little, stop looking at me like that—you have a white cat named Rainbow I’m taking no crap from you—and my mom named the fourth Max.” He pauses, frowns. “Stop looking at me like that.”

“I like the names,” Izuku says, “I was just trying to imagine a six year old you naming two dogs ‘Fetch’ and ‘Kazoo.’”

“DON’T DO THAT!” Kirishima swings a pillow at him in disdain, and Izuku doesn’t see it fast enough to duck. The pillow hits him square in the face, and when it falls, Izuku narrows his eyes.

“So that’s how it is.”

Izuku yanks a second pillow off the floor and smacks Kirishima with it. Kirishima’s howl is muffled by the hit, and with a grin, he swings his own pillow at Izuku’s face again.

“You can never win!” Kirishima shrieks, but he’s still grinning. He pulls back the pillow, ready to swing again. “Give up or face the wrath of the pillow!”

Izuku’s eyes blow wide. “Kiri-chan, wait—!”

His sudden change of tone is enough to make Kirishima stop dead in his tracks. He lowers his arms back down to his sides, suddenly worried. “Crap, did I trigger something? Are you oka—”

Izuku smacks Kirishima in the face with the pillow. Kirishima shrieks and flails backwards, landing on his bed.

“THAT WAS DIRTY!” Kirishima cries, glaring, and Izuku laughs.

It surprises them both. It isn’t quite a laugh, not like Izuku’s heard from his friends, and it doesn’t last more than about three seconds, but it’s still a laugh. Kirishima stares at him, wide-eyed, and Izuku stares back.

“...You…” Kirishima’s voice carries as much shock and wonder as his face, and Izuku nods, dumbfounded.

“...I...think I did?”

A beat. Izuku stares, wondering, disbelieving. Slowly, Kirishima’s face splits into a wide, brilliant smile.

“BUDDY!!”

Kirishima lunges at him, and Izuku had kind of seen it coming, but that doesn’t prepare him for the impact. Kirishima tackles him in a hug, and when Izuku shifts a foot back to compensate for the added weight, he slips on a pen on the floor, and they both wind up in a heap on the ground.

The wind is gone from Izuku’s chest, but he doesn’t even care. Kirishima moves quickly, getting off him, and Izuku sits up beside him, staring out at nothing.

“Sorry about that, dude, but—I think you actually smiled for a second,” Kirishima says breathlessly, and the grin doesn’t fall from his face. “Dude. Dude do you have any idea how happy I am right now?”

“You just tackled me,” Izuku says, “so I think so. But...I’m...I’m pretty happy, too. I think. I’m...kind of weirded out, to be honest.”

Kirishima lets out a rush of breath. “Yeah me too. But it’s a good kind of weirded out, right?”

Izuku looks down at his hands, at his scars. “...Yeah. It’s a good kind of weirded out.”

Kirishima goes silent for a time. “Hey, Izuku...I think you should stay the night. And you don’t have to if you don’t want to,” he adds quickly, “I just thought it’d be nice. Y’know. To hang out some more.”

Izuku ponders this. He likes Kirishima’s parents, and he doesn’t get any bad vibes from them. “I’ll ask Mom,” he says, nodding. “I don’t think she’ll mind. If she’s okay with it, and of course if your parents are okay with it, then...I’ll stay the night.”

Kirishima’s smile returns in an instant. “Awesome!” he says, a bit too loudly. “Aw, yeah, sleepover! I’m gonna beat you at least once on Rainbow Road, I promise you that.”

Izuku exhales sharply through his nose and gets to his feet, dragging his phone from his back pocket. “I’m gonna call Mom real quick. I’ll be right back.”

“Alrighty,” Kirishima says, nodding, and Izuku turns to leave. “Hey, dude, one second.”

Izuku looks back over his shoulder. “What’s up?”

Kirishima bites his lip for a moment, uncertain, but when a smile makes its way to his face once more, it’s soft and genuine. One of the realest Izuku’s ever seen.

“I only saw it for, like, a split second,” Kirishima says, “but you have a really nice smile.”

A lump leaps into Izuku’s throat, one he can’t swallow back. “...Thank you.”

As he leaves to call Mom, Izuku only wishes he could do it again.

It’s an immediate yes from her. That’s the information Izuku returns to Kirishima with. Kirishima had done his part, too, clearing it with his folks, and they were in the all-clear. A full-blown sleepover was in order.

“You can borrow some of my clothes,” Kirishima offers, dragging down a ton of blankets from the top shelf of his closet. “I have a couple hoodies, I think. Everything else would probably look huge on you, but hoodies kinda always look like that anyway.”

Izuku nods, but that’s not what’s on his mind now. “Umm...where are you gonna put the blankets?”

Kirishima turns around, arms full, and only realizes now that there isn’t a clear patch on the floor where he could get Izuku settled. “...Oh,” he says, setting the blankets down. “Uhh, I could probably clear a space or something…”

“You said your dogs invaded the room all the time,” Izuku remarks. “I think I’d sooner sleep in the closet than on the floor.”

Kirishima side-eyes him in a very “are you serious” kind of manner. “You’re not sleeping in the closet, Izuku. We could share my bed. It’s not like we haven’t done it before.”

That’s a more preferred idea. With their sleeping arrangements settled, Izuku beats Kirishima at Mario Kart a couple dozen more times before they decide to crash for the night. Izuku ends up accepting Kirishima’s offer at a hoodie—one that’s a shade of red twice as dark as Kirishima’s hair, with a white, meaningless 15 on the back of it.

“Found it at a thrift store,” is Kirishima’s explanation as he tosses a couple extra blankets onto the bed. “Dunno what it means. Some sports team, probably.”

Probably. The hoodie is huge on him, but that’s also part of what makes it nice. Before long, he and Kirishima are settled on opposite sides of the bed, covered in blankets, and it’s only when the lights are out that Izuku looks up at the ceiling and notices the vast array of glow-in-the-dark star stickers.

He snorts. “You weren’t kidding when you said you had a lot of them.”

On the other side of the bed, he hears Kirishima shift and groan. “What can I say, man, they look cool.”

“They do.” Izuku stares up at them a while longer. It’s so different than the pattern of the stars in his own room, which he’s sure he’ll have ingrained in the backs of his eyelids forever, and the atmosphere of the room is odd and different and there’s not a cat in reach, but Kirishima is here. Kirishima is here, and something about that makes everything okay.

“Oh, uh, real quick—”

Kirishima shifts again, and when Izuku’s eyes adjust, he sees Kirishima’s silhouette in the darkness. He’s sitting up. “I hate to ask this, but...your Quirk suppressants, do you have them on you…?”

“They’re in the pocket of my other hoodie,” Izuku answers. “On your desk chair.”

“Okay, good to know.” Kirishima settles down again. “Sorry, I just, y’know—I’m not saying I think you’ll have an episode, but—just in case—”

“Yeah, I getcha. Thanks. Goodnight, Kiri-chan.”

“Night, dude.”

Izuku looks back up at the stars again, organized much differently than his own, and when the wave of contentedness hits him, it drags him down into a peaceful slumber.

Eijirou isn’t sure what wakes him up at first. He’s always been a sound sleeper; Mom has joked several times that he’s practically a corpse once he falls asleep. Alarm clocks don’t work. They never have. He doubts they ever will.

Except, he does wake up in the middle of the night, blinking at his star-covered ceiling. There’s no loud noise, no one shaking him or yelling in his ear. Izuku isn’t screaming. The dogs haven’t burst into his room to clammer into bed with him (this has happened at least a dozen times. Eijirou still has no idea how they got through the closed door), so there’s no reason why he should be awake right now.

But he is, and a second later, he realizes that Izuku is trembling beside him. His half asleep mind registers this as a passing thought, like a pass the salt kind of comment. But then the thought sinks in a bit further, penetrates that exhausted haze, and then suddenly he’s wide awake and sitting up.

His first thoughts go panic attack, which wouldn’t surprise him, and he reaches around, finds Izuku’s shoulder in the darkness, and gives him a soft but firm shake. “Hey.” He keeps his voice low; one thing he’s realized over past experiences is that if Izuku is in the thralls of some kind of nightmare, the last thing Eijirou should do is raise his voice. “Hey, buddy. Are you okay?”

“Y-Yeah.” Something isn’t quite right about Izuku’s voice, though. “I-I’m fine, d-don’t worry.”

It’s only when Eijirou stops and listens closer that he hears quiet chattering in the darkness—very quiet, but very much there.

“Dude, are—are you cold?”

“K-Kinda,” Izuku says, but he pulls one of the blankets tighter around himself. That, and his chattering teeth betray him tenfold. “I-I didn’t r-realize how m-much the c-cats h-helped.”

A wave of relief washes over him and soothes his fear. This is okay. This is something he can fix. “You should’ve said something sooner, man, c’mere.”

He lifts his arm, and Izuku immediately curls against his side, resting his head on Eijirou’s shoulder. Eijirou settles his arm around Izuku again and shuts his eyes. “Man, you’re really shivering, huh. I could grab some more blankets…?”

Izuku shakes his head. Eijirou feels it more than sees it. “I-I’ll be f-fine,” he says, and already, his tremors have began to dissipate. That’s good. “T-Thanks.”

“It’s fine,” Eijirou assures him, smiling softly. “Don’t even worry about it.”

Izuku falls asleep before him, once he finally stopped shivering, and it’s only after that that Eijirou finally allows himself to return to his own sleep.

Izuku goes home the next morning, after thanking Haruka, Takeda, and Kirishima profusely for their hospitality. Kirishima waves him off while Haruka and Takeda say that it’s no trouble at all and they’re glad to have him anytime. With a final bow and one more thank-you—and plans to go down to the soda shop with Kirishima later that day—Izuku heads home.

“Mom? I’m home.” Izuku pulls off his shoes by the door before heading further into the apartment. The weirdest thing so far is perhaps the fact that he hasn’t been greeted by any of his cats yet. Cat—the dog, yes—is nowhere to be seen as well.

It concerns him. “...Mom?”

“I’m in the living room, Izuku.”

There’s something about her tone that makes the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. She doesn’t sound angry or frustrated. He doesn’t know how to describe that tone of voice. But she definitely doesn’t sound like herself, and that alone is worrisome.

He reaches the living room. She’s sitting on the couch, like she’s been waiting for him this entire time, and she certainly doesn’t look happy. “Izuku, please. Sit down for a moment. There’s something I need to talk to you about.”

“...Okay.” Izuku sits down beside her. “What is it?”

Mom takes in a deep breath. “I don’t mind you keeping cats, Izuku, I really don’t,” she says, shaking her head, “but you need to tell me about it first.”

“...Alright?” Izuku blinks twice in rapid session. “...I do tell you? I haven’t brought a cat home that I haven’t told you about.”

Mom takes in a deep breath, lets it out slowly, then rises to her feet. “I’m not saying you’re lying,” she says, “because I know you aren’t like that, but...take a look at this.”

He follows her, and she swings open the door of his room. He peers inside.

He doesn’t even want to count how many cats are in his room. There are the thirteen resident cats, but aside from them, there are at least ten brand-new ones that Izuku has never seen before. Except, “ten” is a nice estimate; there are probably more like fifteen new cats. They turn to greet the moment they see him, a chorus of mrrows in harmony with each other, all different tones and pitches.

“Izuku.” Mom looks him dead in the eyes. “I don’t know where they keep coming from. I know I said we could keep the strays you find, but this is just too much.”

Izuku is dragged out of his holy crap there are so many cats high by the strain in Mom’s voice. “Mom, I promise you, I didn’t bring in the other cats,” he assures her, shaking his head. “I wouldn’t do that without telling you first, you know I wouldn’t.”

“I know,” Mom says, shaking her head again, “but I really don’t know what else to think, Izuku. It’s just you and me here—and I don’t bring home stray cats.”

Izuku opens his mouth to plead his case again, but that’s when he notices the front door creak open, slowly. Mom has her back turned to the door, so she doesn’t see Cat sneak through the crack silently, with three tiny blobs curled in the fur of his back.

Izuku stares. “...Mom.”

She doesn’t notice. “I know how much you love cats, Izuku, but you could always take them to the shelter. You don’t have to bring them here—”

“Mom.”

“—And I’m not trying to blame you, sweetheart, I just don’t see how else the cats could have gotten here—”

“Mom.”

“—And I don’t mind you bringing home cats, really, I don’t, but you have to let me know—”

Just when Izuku thinks he’s getting absolutely nowhere, Cat walks between them. Mom falls silent, staring. Izuku stares, too. Cat ignores them and walks through the door of Izuku’s room, lays down to let his three feline passengers disembark, then gets up once more and leaves the room, just like that.

Mom raises her head, and Izuku meets her eyes.

“...There is no way,” Mom says, eyes wide. “What is it about us and cats recently, Izuku?”

“Ask him,” Izuku says, pointing at Cat as he makes for the front door again. “He’s the one you really need answers from.”

While Mom spins on her heel and dashes to lock the front door before Cat leaves again to return with more strays, Izuku can’t help but feel elated. Even though he’s sure a lot of the new kittens will wind up at the local shelter, well, he’ll at least have a few days in which his room is filled with thirty-some cats.

When he thinks about it, he whips out his phone and snaps a picture at the inside of his room. There’s no way Kirishima would believe him otherwise.
Notes:

    Sports festival up next :)

Chapter 22
Notes:

    Aaaaa, here we go! Sports Fest! \o/ Again, sorry for not responding to comments. Been kinda out of it lately. BUT!! UPDATE!! \o/ We're getting into it now! I've been looking forward to these chapters for a long time :D

    No art this time around, but huge thank you to all the artists so far! And thanks for all the support, everyone! Enjoy the chapter! :D

Chapter Text

Naomasa is the only member of the police force that Shouta genuinely gets along with. Everyone else is either too scared of him, or he has a personal dislike of them. Which is why, when he receives a call from Naomasa the week leading up to the sports festival, he doesn’t groan or heave at the thought of having a long conversation over the phone and instead picks up.

“Yeah, what’s up?”

“Hey, Aizawa,” Naomasa greets, but he sounds very drawn. “Sorry for calling you out of the blue like this. You know it’s not my style.”

“Sure. What’s the problem?”

Naomasa sighs. “Well, I’ll just cut right to the chase. You mentioned that Midoriya Izuku and the villain, ‘Shigaraki Tomura’ shared a history, right?”

“Yeah,” Shouta answers simply, not beating around the bush either. “I don’t know much, though, so if you want the full story you’re going to have to go to the kid. But don’t pressure him into it. He doesn’t respond well to pressure.”

“No, it’s fine, there’ll be none of that,” Naomasa says quickly. “I just wanted to confirm something with you.”

“Alright.”

“You said he called the villain Tenko, correct?”

“Yep. The villain corrected him and said his name was Shigaraki Tomura, but you already know that.”

“Alright, thanks. He didn’t mention a surname?”

“No.”

“Alright, thank you.” He hears something like a pen scratching paper on the other line. “I might bring Midoriya-kun in later to ask him a few questions—the more we have to go by in this investigation, the better—but thanks for your time. Just wanted to confirm that with you.”

“No problem,” Shouta says. “Is that it?”

“Ahh, nearly. The only other thing I wanted to mention is that we ran a DNA test with Shigaraki’s finger, but there weren’t any results. It was like the time we tried running Izuku’s DNA through it. It’s like he doesn’t exist.”

“...Huh.” Shouta frowns. “That’s odd. Do you think it’s been tampered with?”

“We’re looking into that,” Naomasa says, “but it’s going to take some time either way.”

“Alright. Is that it, now?”

“Yeah, that’s it. Thanks for your time. Be sure to let me know if you find anything else.”

“Vice versa,” Shouta says. “Goodbye.”

He hangs up without another word and sits back with a sigh. Midoriya’s situation is too damn complicated for its own good.

“SPORTS FESTIVAL!”

Izuku has half a mind to slap one of his post-it notes over Kaminari’s mouth, and refrains only because he needs those post-it notes and if he wastes one every time Kaminari says something stupid, he’d be out within the day.

From the moment Aizawa announced the U.A. Sports Festival to the rest of the class, everyone was in a state of joyous, anxious panic. Some whooped and cheered, some declared war on each other, some determined to be the best. Others explained the whole thing to those who didn’t know how it worked.

Aizawa’s words are still fresh in his mind regarding him giving the opening speech, and he’s had plenty of time to think about it since they discussed it. He’s sure that, by the end of the day, he’ll have a concrete answer for his teacher.

Izuku doesn’t have Cat with him today; there’s still a lot his trainer wants to teach him before officially deeming him Izuku’s emotional support dog, and while Cat will be able to stay with Izuku over the Sports Festival, leading up to that, Saito—Cat’s trainer—wants to work with him as much as she can. Which is perfect; the teachers are still working on their official permission slip for Izuku, so he has to wait on that as well.  

Kirishima arrives late to lunch that day, sliding into his usual spot on the bench long after the rest of the group arrived. He mutters something about “getting held up,” but the words are said so under his breath that Izuku can’t really make them out clearly.

“Is something the matter, Kirishima-chan?” Tsuyu asks, tapping a finger against her cheek. “You usually aren’t this quiet.”

“Oh, I’m fine,” Kirishima says, taking up his chopsticks as though to prove it. “All Might wanted to talk to me about the Sports Festival for a sec, but that’s all.”

“I’m super excited about the Sports Festival,” Ochako says with a smile, chopsticks held between her fingers. “I’m gonna do my best!”

Me too, Kouda agrees, nodding, and while the others aside from Kirishima and Izuku can’t understand him, the smile on his face makes his intentions clear.

“Hey, that reminds me.” Kirishima nudges Izuku’s shoulder with his own, and Izuku turns to him, curious. “Aizawa said something about you giving the speech, didn’t he?”

Izuku turns back and stares at his plate. “Yeah. I came first in the entrance exam, so…”

“You did?” Tsuyu asks, leaning over to look at him. “That’s pretty amazing, Izu-chan. Good job.”

“Thanks,” Izuku says, “but I’m not sure I wanna give the speech…”

“It’s fine if you don’t want to,” Iida says, then takes up his chopsticks as though to say he won’t argue his point further. “If it makes you uncomfortable, then let Aizawa know. I’m sure he wouldn’t force you to do it. On the other hand, if you do decide to do it, we’ll all be behind you.”

The others agree with nods of their own, and Izuku feels like a weight is lifted from his shoulders. It’s amazing how such simple words could have such big impact.

“Thanks,” he says, lifting his head to regard each of them in turn. “I’ll do my best not to let you down.”

Kirishima ruffles his hair, and the others mirror each other’s smiles and continue their lunch.

“So it’s a yes, then?”

Izuku nods. Aizawa studies him for a long moment, looking into his eyes; on the couch of the teacher’s lounge behind him, Rainbow, Teacup, and Muffins (one of the new kittens) explore the area.

“I’ve thought long and hard about it,” Izuku says, “and I think I do want to give the speech at the Sports Festival. I might not really know what to say, right now, but...I want to do it.”

“Alright.” Aizawa doesn’t question him or ask for further clarification. “Just let me know if you change your mind at the last second. Now hurry back to class. Come get me if you need me."

Izuku nods and leaves with a bow.

The walk back to Classroom 1-A is uneventful; they still have some time before their next lesson, so he's in no hurry.

Except, when he gets there, his classmates are—unknowingly—talking about him.

"I'm still trying to figure out just why the villains at the USJ just dropped like they did," Sero is saying, forehead creased. His frown and confusion reach his eyes. "Was it someone's Quirk? Kaminari?"

Kaminari puts up his hands. "Don't look at me, I was brain dead half the time we were fighting," he says. "Besides, my Quirk wouldn't've been able to reach everyone in the USJ anyway."

"So, who—?"

"That was my fault."

Everyone turns to look at him, wide-eyed, and Izuku replies with a careless shrug.

"My Quirk has a long range when I push it past its limit," Izuku explains simply, and finds it odd that he's able to do so. "And it's hazardous to my health, too, unfortunately."

"Wait, so that's why you were in the hospital for so long?" Ashido asks, eyes wide.

Izuku nods.

"Wow," Jirou says, looking at him with what seems to be a mashup of awe, respect, and terror. "Your Quirk is pretty amazing, Midoriya. Why didn't you use it before during training?"

"It's broken," Izuku replies simply, finally crossing over to his desk. He can feel everyone's eyes bearing into his back. "I can't turn it off once it's on, so I try not to use it unless the situation is dire."

"Oh, that makes sense," Shouji says, nodding. "Still, the fact that you were hurt so badly by your own Quirk is...concerning, to say the least."

"That's why I try not to use it," Izuku intones as he slides into the desk chair. "If I can avoid turning it on, at least."

The others don't have time to say anything else; their teacher has arrived, and they launch into their next class.

A full week before the Sports Festival, Izuku take that picture of his room and forwards it to Iida.

[Midoriya Izuku]
[attachment.photo]
Know anyone who wants a kitten

[Iida Tenya]
Midoriya I'm sorry but why in the name of sanity do you have so many cats.

[Midoriya Izuku]
I brought 13 home and my dog brought the other 18 when we weren't looking.
I'm trying to find homes for them amongst my classmates before just throwing them to the shelter.

[Iida Tenya]
...
Alright, I'll forward it to the others. In fact, let me make a special group chat for this cause.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Okie dokie

True to his word, moments later, Izuku gets a notification saying he's been invited to join a chat room titled "Cats For Adoption." He quickly accepts the invite and hops into the chat.

[MESSAGING “CATS FOR ADOPTION”]

[Iida Tenya]
[attachment.photo]
This is Midoriya’s doing, not mine.

[Ashido Mina]
SWEI:OASDLSAD;ALSD:SD
C A T S

[Midoriya Izuku]
I’ll edit the photo and draw circles around the ones that are mine but the rest of them are up for adoption.
Any takers?

[Ashido Mina]
A L L

[Hagakure Toru]
OH MY GOSH
LET ME ASK MY DAD REAL FAST
I’M
SJKLSDJFKLSDF

[Sero Hanta]
uhh, if the girls don’t take all of them my family and I have been wanting a cat for a while. we have a horrible mouse problem.

[Kouda Kouji]
I love cats!! I’ll take one!! ^ . . ^

[Midoriya Izuku]
You can take more than one if you want. ^ . . ^

[Kouda Kouji]
^ . . ^  ^ . . ^

[Midoriya Izuku]
^ . . ^  ^ . . ^ ^ . . ^

[Jirou Kyouka]
The cats are taking over.

[Kaminari Denki]
^ . . ^

[Uraraka Ochako]
^ . . ^

[Ashido Mina]
^ . . ^

[Kirishima Eijirou]
^ . . ^

[Tsuyu]
^ . . ^

[Yaoyorozu Momo]
^ . . ^

[Jirou Kyouka]
Asjdklasd, why did I think saying that was a good idea.

[Midoriya Izuku]
^ . . ^

In the end, amongst his classmates, Izuku is able to find good homes for each of the stray kittens brought in by Cat. They're nothing more than strays—no shots, unfixed kittens. But the classmates who wanted them don't seem to mind; they said they'd make sure the kittens got their shots and that Izuku could come visit whenever he wanted.

It's nice to know they're getting good homes amongst people Izuku already knows. And of course Izuku keeps the resident 13 cats, and that's nice, too.

The week leading up to the sports festival flies by like an arrow. Izuku and Kirishima bump into Yatchi again, who has grown considerably since they last played catch with her. Instead of throwing a frisbee around, she wants to tie little braids and ribbons into their hair, and of course, Izuku and Kirishima could never say no to that face. Cat, who is with Izuku at the time, also goes home with a bow on his collar.

There's something else leading up to the sports festival that concerns him. He goes to his vent forest every so often, but there are more new scratches than ever. Gashes through the bark in the tree that Izuku didn't put there.

Kirishima's knife has a piece of paper in the hilt leading him here, but it would seem he hasn't found it yet, which leaves only one other person.

When Izuku sees Todoroki at school, the day before the sports festival. The “threat to himself” is stronger than ever.

And when the day of the festival actually arrives, it's even stronger than that.

The stadium is packed when Izuku and his classmates wait in the prep room for their class to be announced. To his knowledge, they have ten minutes before go time. Ten minutes to collect themselves and soothe their frayed, anxious nerves.

Izuku especially is glad for Cat’s presence. He can’t take Cat with him on the field and will be leaving him with Aizawa shortly before going out with the others to face the audience. Mom is in the audience watching, along with Kirishima’s parents, who, according to Kirishima, said that they “wouldn’t miss it for the world.”

While having Mom in the audience is comforting, and Cat’s head against his leg is equally so, Izuku still can’t shake his jitters. He’s been shaking almost non-stop since sitting down, and while Cat’s presence has helped, it hasn’t fixed the problem altogether. He’d been confident while talking with Aizawa a week prior, but now that the day has finally come, he isn’t sure.

“Hey.” It’s Tsuyu who pokes him on the shoulder, and Izuku regards her with a tired scowl. She knows him well enough to not take personal offense to it. “You gonna be okay?”

“I’m sure I’ll be fine,” Izuku says, nodding, but he says it like he’s asking a question. “Slight chance I’m gonna make a run to the bathroom and throw up.”

“Ohh boy.” Satou grimaces. “Y’know, I wouldn’t be so worried about it. I know you’re giving the speech to thousands of people, not to mention all the people watching at home—”

Jirou kicks him in the shin before he can finish speaking his mind, and Satou howls and holds his offended leg. “You’re making it worse,” Jirou hisses through her teeth, not apologetic at all. “Just, shut up for now.”

“No, it’s fine,” Izuku says, shaking his head. “I’m sure I’ll be okay once I get out there, but my mind is going a million miles an hour right now.”

The others leave him alone after that—no one else wants to face Jirou’s wrath—and a part of Izuku wants them to keep talking to him. It’s a nice distraction from his thoughts, at least.

“Midoriya.”

And that’s when Todoroki walks up to him, his demeanor screaming “threat to himself” like a broken record. Izuku lifts his head, fingers buried in Cat’s fur, doodles and scribbles drawn in multi-colored ink up the length of his forearms.

“Yeah?”

Todoroki’s face doesn’t change. “I appreciate what you’ve done for me,” he says curtly, “but I don’t want you to get it in your head that we’re friends. I’m not going to pull punches or give you special treatment.”

It’s actually kind of relieving to hear this, and it gives him something else to focus on that isn’t his speech—which is due in less than five minutes. “Good,” Izuku says, nodding shortly. “Don’t expect me to pull punches, either.”

Todoroki turns away, and Izuku turns Todoroki’s words over in his head a few times, fully digesting them.

It’s a good thing he’s not pulling punches. Izuku would be truly insulted if he did.

A whirring buzzer calls the students to the stadium moments later, and led by Iida, they disembark.

As much as Izuku absolutely loves warmth and light, the sun seems to beat down on him like one gigantic spotlight as he and his friends step out of the corridor and onto the field. The rest of U.A.’s students have already been announced as Class 1-A files through. The roaring of the crowd makes Izuku’s ears ring, and he has to remind himself that Mom’s in the crowd, Kirishima’s here, Cat’s with Aizawa, it’s gonna be okay, it’s gonna be okay —holy crap there’s a lot of people—

Kouda slides up to him and pats his shoulder, and it gives Izuku just enough of a reality check to derail his spiraling train of thought.

They file in and stand in line with the rest of the students. Izuku is immediately intimidated by the sheer amount of people here. Walking down the street is one thing, but it’s like the whole of Japan has showed up to watch the event. It makes the hairs on the back of his neck stand up and his skin crawl.

The pro hero, Midnight, steps onto the stage before them and announces the first years once the crowd finally stills. Her voice is loud yet lively, perfect for an event such as this, but it’s all pointless noise to Izuku’s ears. He can’t make out anything she says.

—Or, he can’t, right up until he hears his name, followed by something about a speech.

It’s his cue.

Kirishima gives him a small, encouraging bump on the shoulder, and it urges Izuku forward, towards the stage. He’s small enough to be able to squeeze between students without stopping or asking them to move, and then he’s making his way up the steps toward the stage, with the eyes of thousands upon him.

“Good luck, kid,” Midnight says with a grin, and she steps back to let Izuku take the glory. He wishes she wouldn’t. He doesn’t really want to be left alone in this spotlight with the crowd staring him down.

“We’re behind you,” Iida had said. The words crash over him like a wave. He sees his friends’ faces in his mind’s eye, then Mom’s, then Aizawa’s, and Toshinori’s. And Yatchi’s. And Tenko’s.

They’re all watching him.

He adjusts the microphone to match his unusually small height, then takes in a deep breath in an attempt to calm himself. Yes, the entire world is watching, and yes, this is one of the scariest things he’s ever done, but with renewed confidence, he releases the breath and begins.

“...This time, one year ago,” he starts off slowly, voice wavering even though he isn’t nearly as frightened now as before, “I never would’ve had the courage to step up on this stage. There were a lot of things that scared me before, to be honest. There are a lot of things that still scare me now.”

A torrent of images washes back at him, but he shakes them from his mind in favor of plunging on.

“But, I’m here now,” he says, lifting his head, “and I’m more confident than I’ve ever been before in my life, because I’ve decided to aim for my future. I’ve decided to shoot for my goals.”

He wishes his voice was one able to carry more emotion, but the crowd seems to understand. They’re dead-silent, listening. He goes on;

“And that’s what we’re all doing. Here, now, in this moment, we’re making our stories. We’re fighting for our futures. And maybe we’re scared now, but that’s okay. We can still move forward and be brave no matter how terrified we are. That’s what I think.”

Kouda beams at him from the crowd of students, as do the others in Izuku’s circle of friends, and with a final boost of confidence, Izuku closes.

“So, let’s shoot for it together,” he says determinedly, raising his arm and spreading his outstretched hand towards the sky. Rays of light filter between his fingers. “Our goals, our futures, the lives we make...as one unit, as one body...let’s all do our best.”

He can’t make his tone of voice mimic his inner enthusiasm, but it would seem his mere words are enough to stir the crowds. They roar and cheer and clap as Izuku power-walks down the steps and regroups with his classmates, who won’t stop congratulating him.

“And with that,” Midnight takes the stage again, punctuating her words by snapping her whip with a wide, somewhat twisted grin, “let the Sports Festival begin!”

…

After his speech, the crowds are watching him specifically; the knowledge that he came first in the entrance exam, made obvious by Midnight’s opening introduction of him, practically straps a target to his chest.

And then the random generator spits out the first test of their skill: an obstacle course. Definitely not what Izuku needs right now. He’s sure he’ll be able to at least make the cut just with his quick wit and skills, but he definitely won’t be doing anything flashy.

Definitely.

...Except, he does grab a broken side panel from one of the robots Todoroki decimated. He uses it as a buffer when Bakugou rockets past him with his explosions, and it works as a nice tool with which to shield himself. When a robot turns his way, he covers himself with the piece of metal; they think he’s one of their own and turn away. It makes for a nice getaway. He holds onto it.

Tree climbing and perching precariously on branches gave Izuku a great sense of balance, so when it comes to the second test, which involves clearing a cliff with only a thick rope stretched across to hold onto, Izuku does fairly well and finishes quicker than most the other students with unsuitable Quirks. He does lose his balance a fair few times, barely managing to grab ahold of the rope before completely taking the plunge, but he’s always able to recover. He doesn’t know why he bothered bringing the metal robot panel with him, but who knows. It’d come in handy before; maybe it will again.

It does.

Izuku hears the landmines before he sees them, and the shudder of the ground below gives him a pretty good idea on just how strong they are. Not strong enough to actually cause someone serious harm, but strong enough to blast them off their feet and send them flying.

Izuku is glad he’d grabbed the panel and held onto it, because now he’s using it to carefully dig up and build a small but decent pile of the land mines. He’s too far behind now to make first place no matter what he does, but he can secure he has time to compensate this loss in matches to come.

He steadies himself, takes a deep breath, and grips the panel a little tighter before throwing himself onto the landmines. The blast makes his ears ring and his heart leaps into his throat, but he’s airborne, and he’s shooting across the field at a speed that would probably make Iida jealous.

He doesn’t make first place. He barely makes tenth. But he’s secured himself a spot in the next matches to come, and that alone is reason enough to celebrate.

He’s slightly more comfortable with the prospect of a cavalry battle, because at least it’s not something he has to actually keep a constant run during. The only hard part now is actually finding people to be on his team.

Oh, and Todoroki is worth 10,000,000 points. So there’s that.

Kirishima had actually done really well in the obstacle race. According to the charts, he’d come in fourth place, which isn’t bad at all considering the nature of the competition. That being said, he’s also worth a lot of points, and in no time at all, he’s being pulled in all sorts of directions towards all sorts of cavalry teams.

Izuku decides to let it happen and instead forms ranks with Ochako, Kouda and Tokoyami.

“Team Todoroki has the ten million,” Izuku says plainly when their group is huddled together away from everyone else, “but with his skill level, I don’t think it’s a good idea to try taking him down right away. Everyone else will be going for his team; we could try stealing headbands from them while they’re distracted.”

Ochako is the first to nod her agreement. “That sounds like a good plan,” she agrees. “Dark Shadow could actually steal headbands, since he has a wider range.”

If I ask nicely, the birds might help us steal headbands, too, Kouda suggests with a smile. Izuku translates to the rest of the group, who immediately agrees.

“I should probably be the rider,” Izuku says. “You’re all stronger than me, and I know for a fact that I’m lighter than all of you by miles.”

“That’s fine,” Tokoyami says, nodding curtly. “You’re the strategist here. I’m certain whatever you suggest is the way to go.”

His confidence is completely renewed, and Izuku nods. “So we have a plan. All that’s left now is—”

“Time’s up!” Midnight’s voice booms across the stadium, right on cue. “Riders, mount up! It’s time to begin!”

Izuku takes in a deep breath and holds it. “Let’s do this.”

How Eijirou winds up on Bakugou’s team is completely beyond him, but in the end, he determines that it’s mostly Sero’s fault. Sero had recruited Eijirou without telling him exactly who else was a part of the predetermined team.

But maybe this is good. Eijirou has a lot of harbored feelings towards Bakugou for his treatment of Izuku during the heroes versus villains battle, but Bakugou hasn’t caused any more harm since then. Maybe he listened to Eijirou and backed off.

The thought makes being on the same team with Bakugou somewhat more bearable, and when Midnight hollers for the battle to begin, they move as a unit and start off.

Eijirou just really hopes this goes well—specifically for Izuku’s sake. He wishes they’d wound up on the same team, if just so Eijirou could look after him better.

Just as Izuku assumed, the moment the buzzer rings signaling they can begin, everyone immediately goes for Todoroki’s team. Todoroki has the ten million, so it makes perfect sense, but even so; it’s just a tool for Izuku’s team to use to their advantage.

“Kouda!” Izuku says, and Kouda nods firmly. The birds swing in out of absolutely nowhere, snatching headbands off students’ heads, much to their objection, then returning to sender. Of course a couple of them go for Todoroki’s ten million headband, but Yaoyorozu is quick to make a shield for Todoroki to hold over his head and fend them off.

The birds only go for the headbands that Kouda instructs them to—everyone else gets a peck to the head to serve as a distraction while Izuku’s team makes their great escape.

“We’ve got the headbands we need for now,” Izuku says, securing said headbands around his neck after getting a brief estimate of their grand total. “We’ll go for the ten million later if we need to.”

“Righto!” Ochako agrees with a grin and a nod. “We’re doing really good so far, let’s keep it up!”

Except, that’s when disaster strikes.

There was one cavalry team that didn’t go for the ten million and didn’t join in on the din, and as Izuku and the others make their getaway, they’re approached.

Izuku recognizes this team’s charioteer. Some kid named Monoma from Class 1-B. He’d made a name for himself the other day when he barged into Class 1-A proclaiming that he was “gonna be the best.” Before, Izuku hadn’t given it a second thought.

Now he does.

“It’s weird, don’t you think? You Class 1-A guys think you’re all that, but you haven’t even shown us your Quirk.”

The world fades into white until all Izuku can see are Monoma’s eyes and smile. And hand.

“You’re keeping it under wraps for a reason, aren’t you? You wanna catch us by surprise during the one-on-one matches. But I won’t let you.”

Wait, no—

“Let me just borrow your Quirk for a second,” Monoma says. “You’ve obviously got a powerful one if you came first in the entrance exam. Why not go ahead and show me what it is?”

It happens too fast. They were gained on too quickly, and there’s no time for their cavalry team to evade Monoma’s.

Realization dawns on him. Izuku finds his voice. “No, don’t—!”

Monoma reaches out and slaps his hand.
Chapter 23
Notes:

    Aaaaaa thank you guys so much for all your continued support!! I wanted to respond to comments last chapter but most of them were just people screaming at Monoma (which is SUPER valid and really just the ENTIRE MOOD of last chapter), but yeah I didn't know how to respond to that sdjfklsdf.

    But I'll try getting back to it soon!! No art this time around, but thank you all so much for your continued support! Here's chapter 23, and I hope you enjoy! \o/

Chapter Text

Ochako had never much liked Monoma, but now that this has happened, she isn’t sure she won’t sock him in the face sometime in the near future. Hearing Izuku’s voice rise to that kind of panic and pitch made her skin crawl, but she can’t push Monoma away or get out of there in time. Monoma slaps Izuku’s hand with his own, and it’s like the entire world as she knows it dissolves into a spiraling void.

It starts slow; like pixels are raining down through her sight over her eyes, starting at the top. The pixels gather and eat away at her sight slowly, then all at once. Her ears fill with cotton. She suddenly can’t control her body. She’d been running a second ago, but now she stills.

She thinks she hears someone crying out, but even that comes to her like something out of a dream. Through her distorted vision and the ringing in her ears, she can’t perceive anything.

And then the static clears away. She regains feeling in her legs, in her arms, in her body. Her ears stop ringing, and she sucks in a deep breath.

They’re back in the arena, her and her cavalry group. But it’s scary. With exception of Monoma, who is clutching his hand and grinding his teeth, wide-eyed, no one else is moving. They’re still with their teams, like they’ve been frozen in place, and all life has left their eyes. They’re like zombies. Paralyzed, stiff zombies.

“What is this?” Tokoyami’s voice shakes, just a tad. “It’s affecting the audience, too…”

Now that Ochako notices, Tokoyami is right. The audience isn’t whooping or cheering like they’d been a second ago. It’s almost as though a silent, unspoken hush has fallen on all of them. There’s nothing.  

“It’s my Quirk.”

All eyes fall on Izuku, who has his jaw set tightly and speaks between gritted teeth. His eyes are a swirling clash of green and gold, and his hands tremble.

“So, wait, why aren’t we affected?” Ochako gasps, glad to be able to think freely again. “Your Quirk is broken, which means Monoma can’t control the output, right? So why isn’t it hurting us?”

“I’m countering it,” Izuku says, voice tight. “My Quirk lets me twist people’s senses, take them away, amplify them—all that. But it’s—” He stops, grits his teeth tighter. It seems every muscle in his body has been drawn as tight as a violin string. “—I-It’s broken. Monoma can’t control the output. He can’t control what he does with it. But, s-since working with it—I can. And I’m reversing whatever he’s doing to us.”

“That’s—” Ochako’s eyes blow wide as dinner plates. “—That’s insane.”

“Yeah, but—” Izuku takes in a breath through his teeth. His fists are balled, knuckles white. “—I can’t do it for much longer. He’s not holding back.”

"͠W̸h̢͢a͢t̢̧͘'͠s͟͠ ̴ģ̴o͘i̴n̶g ҉o͢ņ̵!?̧͟"͢ ̶͜͜

Monoma’s voice draws Ochako’s attention to him, and she and the others look. There are golden tendrils down the length of his arm. His eyes, bright gold, are blown wide with shock and horror, and he speaks with several voices, none of which sound like his own.

"̴̷͜W͏̷h̕͢͞a̢͟͝t̶͞'̸̛s ̛ḩ̛a̷p̕͡p̶͠e̸ni̡n̕g̵!͝?҉"͘ Monoma shrieks, waving his hand around. The people on his team, making up his chariot, are staring wide-eyed at nothing. "W̛͝h̷̕͜at̨ ͞i̴͢s̕͝ ̢̛͢t̡̡҉h̕i͘҉s͏!͠?̨̛͠ G̶̵et̷ ̢i̸t̢ ̢̕o̶͠҉f̸f!̡"̵̛̕

“It’s my Quirk, stupid,"   Izuku hisses, voice low and saturated in venom. “Calm down. If you keep freaking out you’re just going to hype it up more, and it’ll be worse for all of us. Let me walk you through this before you do any more damage.”

Monoma must be really scared out of his wits, because he actually listens, nodding feverishly and lowering his hand back down to his side. Izuku is unbreakably pissed at him, and understandably so, but he’s not the kind of person to leave someone suffering like that.

“How long can you copy it?” Izuku grinds out between gritted teeth. “For how long can you use it?”

"̷̷̢F͢͝-̷̛͜F̶͡iv͘͜e͏ ̡̧m̸̧̡i̡n͢͞͡ut͢͠e͞s̢͟,͢"͞ ̢ Monoma says, golden tendrils encircling him like chains. "F҉̢i̴ve̵͠҉ ͜͢m̢͟i̴n͘u̢t͞e̸͢s͞,҉ ̸t̨͞h͘͘a̵t͠'s͠ i͡͝t̶.̶͘"̡

“Okay.” Izuku nods, but puts a hand behind his back, Signing something to Kouda. Ochako isn’t a brilliant Signer, but she’d brushed up on the alphabet and is able to make out, with little trouble, Todoroki’s headband.

Kouda understands it. A bird—unaffected by Izuku’s Quirk, it would seem—flies off to do his bidding.

“You’re probably going to pass out the second the Quirk wears off,” Izuku tells Monoma bluntly, “so be ready for that.”

"̶I̡̨҉ ̢̕͡do͟n't ̷c̵a̷͜r̸̢͏e ̷wh͞͞͠a̶t h̴͟a̸̸p̸͟͠p͏̛͢e҉n̴s͟͏," Monoma trembles, shaking his head feverishly, "j͏̸̶ų̸͡st̨͡ ͠͞m҉ak̵e͡ ̶i̕t ͝s̕t͢o҉p.̢͡" ͟

“It’ll stop whenever your damn Quirk lets go of mine,” Izuku snaps back with little pity—or, maybe it just sounds that way due to his struggle. “Don’t do anything else. Just focus on calming down until it’s run its course.”

Monoma nods, though he seems no less frightened.

Ochako’s head had been full of static before, but now the true reality of the situation is sinking in, and she looks around.

They’re surrounded by groups of people. By the audience. Hundreds.

And everyone with exception of Monoma, Izuku, Ochako, Kouda, and Tokoyami is staring dead-eyed and frozen. Like zombies. Or, more accurately, like robots waiting for a command that won’t come.

That’s already scary enough, but the fact that she has a classmate with the power to actually do that is what really gets her.

Izuku snaps his teeth together again, harder this time. “These are the longest five minutes of my life…”

And then, the gold falls from Monoma’s eyes, around the same time Kouda’s bird returns and drops the headband into Izuku’s hand.

It’s like a spell is broken. Light returns to the surrounding students’ eyes, and they start forward, shocked and sluggish, like they’d just come out of a brawl and were worse off.

“What was that?” one of the “horsemen” from Monoma’s team gasps. “What even—h-hey, Monoma!”

He collapses into their arms, eyes closed. Unconscious.

“Idiot.”

Ochako looks up at Izuku again. His teeth are still gritted, but he’s pushing the plunger of a syringe into his arm. The liquid inside is clear; she has no idea what it is. “Idiot. What makes him think it’s a good idea to take the weirdo’s Quirk? What kind of moron…”

Ochako had always known Izuku to be a scary individual, despite his love for cats and his heart of gold. But this is the first time that she’s actually come to grasps with just how scary he truly is.

When Eijirou comes out of it, he knows exactly what it was.

He’d still been able to see, kind of; more or less. It was more of him being able to make out the scenario but still unable to actually come to grasps with it or move on his own accord. Above and around him, Bakugou and the rest on their team are confused and dazed, but unharmed.

Izuku. That’s the only explanation for it. Eijirou had felt that feeling once before, during the incident with the slime villain, except...it’d been Izuku’s Quirk, there was no doubt about it, but it lacked a certain something. It lacked a certain element of control.

“Dammit, we’re gonna fall behind!” Bakugou roars, startling Eijirou and the others—and lots of the surrounding chariot teams—out of their stupors. “Move, dammit, before it’s too late! We’re going for the ten million no matter what!”

“It would seem Monoma’s team is down for the count!” comes Midnight’s voice, though there’s a waver—a stunned something —that hadn’t been there before. “Disqualified! And, it would seem, in a shocking turn of events, that Midoriya Izuku’s team now has possession of the ten million points!”

“WHAT THE HELL!? HOW’D—!?”

“It doesn’t matter, let’s just go!” Eijirou snaps, but he’s concerned. Very concerned.

“Todoroki, the ten million!” Yaoyorozu’s shrill voice reaches his ears, as she comes to the same realization that everyone else has. “Your headband! It’s gone!”

Shouto doesn’t understand how this could have happened. One moment, they were moving—then there was nothing—and now the headband is gone and everyone is moving once again. It’s like the switch was flipped, flipped again, and has now been flipped yet a third time over.

“We can still get the ten million!” Iida says from below him, firing up his engines. “There’s still time! We have a chance!”

They don’t, though.

Shouto doesn’t say it, but they don’t.

They can still steal headbands from the higher-ups, but they can’t get that headband away from Midoriya. His heart wants to argue, but the logical side of him knows the truth.

Across from them in the field, they can see Midoriya and his team. Midoriya has a dazed look in his eyes, but he’s somehow alert despite that, ready to face the onslaught of panicked, desperate teams with the members  of his own. Kouda is sending birds at the crowd, chasing them off; Dark Shadow keeps knocking groups back; and Midoriya has the many headbands around his neck turned backwards, shielding their point values.

He hates it. He hates that there’s absolutely nothing he can do, but he knows. He knows.

They could try, and they’re going to, but there’s no way they can get in there and successfully steal back the ten million points. It’s almost stupid to try.

“Might pass out in like, ten minutes,” Izuku says, the world spinning around him. He’s ignored the aftereffects of his Quirk suppressants this long already, but they’re starting to get to him now. “We need to finish this soon.”

Tokoyami nods firmly. “A lot of them are giving up,” he says, while Dark Shadow sets himself up as a guard and Kouda’s birds ravage the rest of the students, pecking and scratching. “As long as we hold onto the headband, our victory is secured.”

Izuku swallows hard and nods. It doesn’t take long for the students to fall back, having completely given up; they’re going after other headbands now, determining that even if they can’t make first place, they still have to make it somehow.

Izuku and his team have a total of four headbands; their combined starting headband, the ten million, and two that Kouda’s birds nabbed earlier on in the competition. Even if someone swooped in out of nowhere and grabbed one, their chances of actually getting the ten million are one in four.

“GIVE ME THE TEN MILLION, YOU FREAKIN’ WORTHLESS WANNABE!”

“Way to announce your attack before giving it,” Izuku drawls, glaring. “So much for a surprise approach.”

Bakugou comes at them, his chariot team nowhere to be seen. Sparks fly from his palms, and he reaches out with a loud roar of a battle cry.

“Dark Shadow!” Tokoyami shouts, and Dark Shadow moves to block. Bakugou’s collision hits him head-on; Dark Shadow lets out a loud screech that sounds like a mix of pain and terror, but it’s enough to buff Bakugou’s attack. Before he can hit the ground and eliminate himself and his team, tendrils of tape wind around his midsection and yank him back, kicking and screaming.

“That went well,” Izuku intones, breathing hard. He really feels like he needs to get off the field and sit down for a while, before he actually does pass out, but—

Izuku feels it more than sees it; a startling whir of wind, close, too close. One of the headbands is snatched off his neck, the velcro tearing as whatever-it-is zooms by.

He whirls around. A little ways away is Todoroki’s cavalry team. Iida’s engines are smoking, and in Todoroki’s hand is a headband. One of the four.

Before Izuku even has time to check to see which one he’s missing, the buzzer sounds, and Midnight’s voice calls out, “Time’s up, everyone! Stay in your places!”

Izuku takes in a long breath and lets it out to clear his blurry vision. He definitely needs to sit down somewhere and breathe for a while until his Quirk suppressants stop bothering him—

“Izuku, look!” Ochako shakes his shoulder, and Kouda and Dark Shadow are pointing enthusiastically at the scoreboard behind Midnight. “Looklooklooklooklook!!”

Izuku does.

Their team—with the alleged 10,000,000 points—came in first place.  

Izuku lets out a rush of breath, and while Ochako and Kouda celebrate, Tokoyami helps Izuku down from their backs. His knees almost buckle beneath him, but Tokoyami’s steadying hand on his shoulder keeps him on his feet.

“You alright?” Tokoyami inquires, brows pinched, and Izuku nods.

“Better now that it’s over,” he says, nodding. “You and Dark Shadow did good. You all did. Thanks.”

You should go to the infirmary, Kouda tells him, stepping forward, just in case. Have Recovery Girl check on you.

I will, Izuku answers. I kind of wanna make sure Monoma isn't hurt and I have to get Cat, too, so.

Kouda and the others nod, and Izuku doesn't waste any time in leaving the arena.

On his way out, he hears Midnight calling a few names of students that passed; amongst the ones Izuku recognizes are Bakugou's team, which includes Kirishima and Sero, and Todoroki's team, which includes Iida. The rest of the names fall on deaf ears

Monoma has regained consciousness by the time Izuku gets there. Aizawa is there as well, no doubt arriving shortly before Izuku, which means that Cat is here as well.

Monoma doesn't look Izuku in the eyes. Physically, he seems fine, but his mannerisms here say otherwise.

Cat rushes up to him immediately, and Izuku takes the leash from Aizawa, fingers buried in the fur of Cat's thick coat. "Thank you," Izuku says; his fingers bush against Cat's vest, which is dark red and has "ESA" etched onto its side.

"Don't mention it," Aizawa responds curtly. "Just bring him by the sound booth before you go to your one-on-one match. Or you can leave him with a friend, whichever."

"Thank you." It's Recovery Girl who speaks, and catching her tone as his indirect cue to go, he takes his leave.

Monoma still won't look at him. Recovery Girl pretends not to notice either of them and busies herself with papers on the desk.

"...Hey. Are you alright?"

Monoma doesn't react. Izuku sighs.

"Your Quirk is great," Izuku intones, "and I don't want you to get it in your head that it's not. But your personality sucks. We're all fighting for something here, but we're not against each other in the long run. Petty stuff like this won't matter once we've graduated."

Monoma doesn't say anything right away, but his demeanor suggests that he's listening. "...You're right," Monoma says. "Thanks for not just leaving me even after I took your Quirk. I don't know what it was, but...it just felt...wrong."

"Believe me, I know," Izuku says. "I'm the one who has to live with it. Just, don't do stupid stuff and pick fights over stupid things, alright?"

Monoma is already nodding eagerly. "I won't," he says. "I promise."

"I'll hold you to that."

Izuku spins on his heel and makes to depart, but Monoma's voice calls him back.

"I'm sorry."

Izuku hesitates.

"...Thanks. Now don't do it again."

He looks over his shoulder log enough to watch Monoma nod, and then he turns away and leaves with Cat. He can probably find a hallway to crash at for a few minutes...

He does find a place in the hall to sleep. Cat lays on the floor, and Izuku lays down likewise and uses him like a pillow. Cat doesn't seem to mind, and within moments, he's fallen asleep.

It doesn’t last nearly as long as he wants it to, because it seems he’s just closed his eyes when he’s being shaken awake again. Groggily, he opens his eyes, and Todoroki’s blurry figure swims into view.

“Your match is soon,” Todoroki tells him flatly in a voice that suggests he really couldn’t care less about this.

Izuku blinks at him. He feels better now that he’s gotten a couple moments of shut-eye, but he’s definitely still considerably out of it. “...It would seem so…” He’d checked the screen beforehand; he’s fighting someone named Shinsou Hitoshi, from General Studies. Izuku has no idea how he fights or what his Quirk is, but he’s decided not to get too bothered by it.

Todoroki falls silent for a time. For a while, Izuku doesn’t think he’ll speak at all.

“Can we talk?” Todoroki says finally. “There’s something I want to discuss with you.”

“Sure.” Izuku pushes himself to his feet. He’s a little more than a head shorter than Todoroki; he hadn’t really thought about it much until now. Cat gets up when Izuku gives his leash an encouraging tug, and then he follows Todoroki down the corridor, farther away from the commotion of the festival. The words “threat to himself” scream at Izuku from every corner.

“So what’s up?”

Todoroki lifts his head and looks him in the eyes, hands stuffed in his pockets and shoulder blades pressed against the wall. They’re standing across from each other now in the same hallway, but farther down, where there’s no chance of anyone overhearing. Cat seems perfectly content sitting at Izuku’s side, tongue hanging out of his mouth. Izuku isn’t paying any attention to him.

Todoroki says nothing for a long while. “...You and Aizawa,” he says, crossing one foot in front of the other. “The two of you seem very close.”

“We are.”

“I have to know something. It’s been bothering me since the beginning of the school year.”

Izuku shrugs and leans against the wall. “Go for it.”

“Are you Aizawa-sensei’s illigitimate child?”

Izuku snorts. “That’d be news to me. I’ve got no idea who my birth parents are.”

Todoroki studies him for a while, baffled. “So, are you—”

“No, I’m not.” Izuku shakes his head. “I’m hoping that’s not the only thing you wanted to talk about. What’s your real reason for calling me out here?”

Something in the air changes. Todoroki shifts his stance into something less casual. More confrontational.

“I want to tell you,” Todoroki says, standing up straight again, “but something about the way you’ve been treating me lately says you already know.”

“I don’t know everything,” Izuku shoots back. “A lot of it’s from experience. But if you want to tell me, then use your own words and go for it.”

Todoroki gives him a look that could mean anything between “I want to crush you” and “are you really ready for this,” and it kind of throws Izuku for a loop. Not that he’s one to let it show.

“My father, Endeavor,” Todoroki says slowly. “The number two hero.”

“He’d be better as a villain,” Izuku drones, “but go on.”

Something flickers in Todoroki’s eyes, but it’s gone before Izuku can figure out what it is. “So you’ve already figured it out.”

“Yeah.” Izuku’s tongue feels a bit too thick for his mouth, and it’s hard to swallow. “Guesswork, anyway, but once you’ve been around people like him for long enough, the pieces kind of fall into place.”

Todoroki looks down at the space between them. “I hate it, you know,” he says without looking up. “I hate my left side. I swore that I’d come out on top in this festival without using it—to prove to my damn father that I don’t need him or his power.”

Izuku listens silently.

“My mother hated it, too.” Todoroki’s voice shakes, just barely, but Izuku picks up on it. “She hated my father and my left side and poured boiling water over me when I was five years old. When I was eight, even though I was scared, I agreed with her.”

“It was wrong.” Izuku finds his voice now, even if just for this one moment. “She was obviously going through a lot, like you all were, but you can’t look me in the eyes and tell me you deserved that.”

“I know I didn’t. Now.”

They both fall silent for a time, and Izuku waits for Todoroki to continue.

“So you understand,” he says at long last. “Why I have to win.”

Izuku nods simply. "Yeah. I get it. But I'm not going to hold back either way. I have my own list of reasons and problems."

“I’d count it as loss if I beat someone who was holding back,” Todoroki states. “So thanks. That's all I wanted to say. Thanks for your time.”

And he turns and leaves without saying anything else, just like that. Izuku doesn't watch him go; there's really no reason to; and while he stands there with Cat's gentle weight resting against his leg, he thinks.

He and Todoroki really aren't all that different.

The only major difference in their situations that Izuku sees, aside from the obvious, is that Todoroki's problems—Endeavor—are still staring him in the face.

And he hasn't begun to heal.

When he arrives back to the arena, his friends have a seat saved for him. His match will commence soon, but the commentators called an hour-long intermission (longer, probably, to give everyone a chance to recuperate from the cavalry battle mishap).

It seems there were a couple drop-outs, including Ojirou and someone else from another class. People who didn’t think they’d rightfully earned their place in the one-on-one matches and decided they were better off backing out of the festival entirely. To be honest, Izuku doesn’t entirely understand the decision, since they have plenty of time to prove their skills in the one-on-one matches, but still. He respects their choices.

“Are you feeling better?” Tsuyu asks while he takes a seat in between her and Iida. Cat squeezes in by his feet and lays down.

“Yeah, kinda,” Izuku replies, but he shakes his head. “Not looking forward to my fight, but anyway.”

“I still don’t actually know what happened,” Kirishima says, leaning over. Concern is etched all over his face. “What exactly…? I thought you weren’t going to use your Quirk until the one-on-one matches.”

“I wasn’t,” Izuku affirmed coldly. “Some idiot from Class 1-B had a copycat Quirk. He thought it’d be a good idea to borrow mine.”

Kirishima blanches. “Oh.”

“I’m still kinda shaken up,” Kaminari admits with a wince-like smile. “What actually happened? Like...why couldn’t I think clearly…?”

“My Quirk,” Izuku says simply. “I learned how to control the output.” (Recently, but either way.) “I learned how to choose between what I want to amplify or distort. Against the villains at the USJ, it was a sensory overload. The Quirk’s default function is deriving people of their senses. Which is what Monoma did. And he hit everyone in the arena because the Quirk is damaged and he hasn’t had the practice to learn how to work around the broken parts. And the gold on his arms meant he was using it to its full power without holding anything back. Idiot.”

“That makes sense…” Kaminari says, but he frowns in a way that says he didn’t understand a word.

“But if Monoma was really wiping out the entire stadium,” Ochako pipes up, “instead of trying to reverse it for our cavalry team, couldn’t you have used those Quirk suppressants on Monoma?”

“I could get my warrant taken away if I did that,” Izuku elaborates. “Carrying around Quirk suppressants is already iffy to begin with. They’re designed so I can use them when my Quirk acts up. That’s the rule. If I break that, I could get in trouble with the police.”

“Oh, right.” Ochako shakes her head. “Sorry, that was kind of a stupid question…”

“Not really,” Izuku responds with a careless shrug. “It’s a fair question, anyway.” He takes a breath, lets it out. “I should probably get to the ready room,” he comments, rising to his feet. “Can you watch Cat for me, Iida?”

“Oh, certainly.” Iida takes the leash for him; Cat doesn’t even get up. “We’ll be here for you once you’re through.”

“You have my thanks,” Izuku says, bending down to pat Cat on the head one last time before his fight. “I’ll see you guys on the other side.”

“Good luck!” Ochako cheers, smile so wide it’s in danger of breaking her face in half. “We’re all rooting for you!”

It’s all the encouragement Izuku needs for him to turn around, leave the stands, and start towards the prep room. He doesn’t really like leaving Cat behind, but Iida has him, and that’s alright—

“Hey, Midoriya.”

Izuku turns. Ojirou stands a little ways behind him near the end of the hallway, looking nervous.

“Can I talk to you a sec?” Ojirou inquires softly. “It’s about the guy you’re fighting. I know that what happened during the cavalry battle was because of that Class 1-B guy, but he wasn’t the only person out there messing with people’s senses.”

“Weeeeelcome back, ladies and gentlemen!” Present Mic’s voice booms across the stadium as crowds roar and cheer. “We will now be kicking off the second half of the sports festival! Competing in our first match!—No one really knows how he got here!—it’s Shinsou Hitoshi, from General Studies!”

The crowds roar as said student steps onto the arena.

“Versus!—He came first in the entrance exam and started out slow but made a real name for himself in the cavalry battle!—It’s Midoriya Izuku, from the Hero Course!”

Izuku steps onto the arena across from his opponent, Ojirou’s words still bouncing around in his skull, echoing. Shinsou Hitoshi, for his part, doesn’t look like much; he’d been with Monoma when he and a few other students invaded Class 1-A to “talk” (declare war) before the Sports Festival. He’d challenged them all, said that the Sports Festival was another way for the teachers to judge who actually belonged in the hero course.

It was definitely a challenge. And now here they are, and Present Mic is counting down, and Izuku’s teeth are clenched behind his lips.

Shinsou’s Quirk can only get the drop on him if he opens his mouth, and for someone who’s been selectively mute on and off ever since he was nine years old, this is going to be easy.

“START!” Present Mic’s voice finally booms, and Shinsou opens his mouth—fires his first attack, rather.

“Kinda pathetic, don’t you think?” Shinsou interrogates, looking him dead in the eyes. “People actually stepped down after the cavalry battle because they didn’t think they’d ‘earned’ their spot in the festival. Pathetic, am I right?”

Izuku doesn’t answer. He starts forward at a brisk but steady pace.

Shinsou’s facade begins to crack. “C’mon, you aren’t even gonna defend your classmates?” he challenges. “You Class 1-A guys think you’re all that. Do you have any idea how frustrating it is?”

This matchup really isn’t fair. Izuku is already taking in Shinsou’s stance, watching his hands, his feet, judging his balance. He’s not a fighter. He’d be lucky to get one hit in on Izuku.

It’s really not fair, but Izuku can’t argue with it.

“Are you deaf!?” Shinsou yells at him this time, but steps back when Izuku doesn’t show signs of stopping. He’s getting closer now. “Say something, huh!? Why don’t you!?”

Izuku reaches out for Shinsou’s forearm, and it’s only now that Shinsou realizes the gravity of the situation and reacts accordingly—or, with what he thinks is accordingly.

He swings out for a punch, but Izuku sees it before Shinsou actually throws the hit. He dodges to the side, grabs Shinsou’s wrist of his outstretched hand. He watches Shinsou’s eyes widen, but that’s about all Shinsou has the change to do before Izuku twists his arm behind his back, kicks his legs out from beneath him, and pins him face-down on the cement.

He hears Shinsou’s rush of breath as the air leaves his lungs, but Izuku doesn’t pull back, twisting both of Shinsou’s arms behind his back and pinning him there. Shinsou turns his head, teeth gritted, eyes narrowed.

Izuku says nothing.

“So this is it?” he bites, tone dripping with fury. “This is it, huh? You hero course guys really are conceded. You didn’t even use your Quirk to beat me. What are you trying to prove, huh? You really wanna beat us down this badly?”

Izuku says nothing.

“I’m not like you,” Shinsou snaps, and beneath him, Izuku feels Shinsou’s body tremble. His voice is strained. “I wasn’t born with some kind of awesome power. I tried applying for the hero course, and I didn’t make the cut, do you know why?”

Izuku says nothing, but he wants to this time.

“Shinsou!” Midnight calls from the stage, drawing their attention over. “Can you move?”

Shinsou squeezes his eyes shut and grits his teeth, but he’s stopped struggling. He’d stopped a long time ago, actually.

“...No. I can’t.”

Midnight’s hand shoots into the air. “Set and match! Midoriya Izuku advances to the second round!”

The audience answers with scattered applause—honest applause, sure, but scattered. For the first match of such a grand event, it fell kind of flat.

Izuku releases Shinsou and gets to his feet, and Shinsou takes in a deep breath and pushes himself to his hands and knees. Izuku can’t see the look on his face; he almost doesn’t want to.

“...I’m not who you think I am.”

Shinsou raises his head to meet his eyes, and Izuku doesn’t see hate or contempt, like he’d been expecting to. What he sees is something else. Something he can’t quite put his finger on.

“I wasn’t born with this Quirk,” Izuku tells him. “I didn’t even want it. I hated it. I didn’t think I could use it to be a hero. And I’m sure, for someone with your ability, you’ve been told the same thing.”

Shinsou sighs longly and shakes his head. “It doesn’t matter.”

“I think it does.” He stretches out his hand, and after a pause, Shinsou takes it and allows Izuku to pull him to his feet. “All I’m saying is, I get where you’re coming from. And I know it sucks, and it’s hell, but you’re really not as alone as you might feel. If you wanna get better at hand to hand combat, I can definitely help you out.”

Shinsou stares at him as though he’s seeing him for the first time. Maybe he is. “...Thanks,” he says heavily, stuffing his hands into his pockets. “Good match.”

“Good match,” Izuku agrees, nodding. “I look forward to fighting you again sometime in the future, Shinsou.”

“You too. For real next time.”

It’s almost, almost a promise. Someday, it’ll come to fruition.

Kirishima wins against 1-B’s Tetsutetsu, but without One For All on his side to make his blows stronger and to fire off blasts, Izuku can say with utmost certainty that the match would have been much closer. Maybe they would’ve tied.

Either way, Kirishima is victorious—although he does run up Recovery Girl’s office a little while thereafter. He’d been complaining about his arms being sore until Izuku finally demanded he go have her check it out.

“You’ve still got matches to fight,” is Izuku’s reasoning; “you wanna be at the top of your game. At the very least, she can wrap them.”

Kirishima hadn’t argued with him (he was probably afraid to), and now Izuku sits in beside Tsuyu again in the stands, waiting.

“This next match should be interesting,” Tsuyu says, tapping her chin in thought. “Kouda and Iida...what’s your take on it, Izu-chan?”

“It’s hard to say,” Izuku deduces, watching the field. “I think Iida definitely has a bigger advantage here, but if Kouda sends down a storm of birds again, I really don’t know how that’d turn out.”

“Hmm…” Tsuyu turns back towards the arena. “Guess we’ll see.”

Present Mic announces the match with plenty of needless pomp and circumstance as Iida and Kouda step onto the stage, and when he calls out “START!”, the match officially begins.

Iida starts off with a bang, engines burning as his legs carry him forward. But, that’s when Kouda waves his hands back and forth, looking panicked and worried. Iida skids to a halt, steam rising from his engines, confusion clear on his face.

“What?” he asks.

Kouda presses a finger to his lips, then moves his hand to his ear. Iida looks at him quizzically—and then the birds swoop in out of nowhere, attacking with a flurry of wings and feathers and angry battlecries.

“That was kind of dirty,” Tsuyu says, but she seems intrigued. Amused, even. “I never thought Kouda was the type.”

Izuku offers a shrug. “It’s always the quiet ones you need to worry about.”

Tsuyu turns to him. “You’re quiet, too, Izu-chan.”

“Uh-huh.”

Kouda, for his part, did about the only thing he could in sending down the birds, but against someone like Iida, his Quirk is unsuited. When Iida regains himself, he fires up his engines and moves, fast enough to leave the birds in the dust. He takes Kouda by the shoulders, keeps running, pushing him; and when he stops, the birds are behind him and Kouda’s feet have crossed over the white line.

“Kouda is out of bounds!” Midnight announces at once. “Iida advances to the next round!”

Iida bows, and Kouda returns the gesture—but a stray bird pecks Iida on the head regardless.

“Who’s up next?” Tsuyu asks, leaning forward in her seat a little too far for comfort. Her eyes are on the stage’s giant screen displaying the brackets of matches. “I can’t remember…”

Izuku raises his head and studies the brackets for a moment.

Iida and Kouda’s match just ended.

Now it’s Bakugou and Ochako’s turn.

Iida ends up dog-sitting Cat again; Izuku isn’t sure he’ll have time to navigate the halls with the dog if he wants to reach the prep room. Tsuyu goes with him, hopping once for every couple steps of his, until they finally turn the corner leading down that hallway, and—

—Almost smash right into Ochako as she heads out. They manage to stop in time, as does Ochako, but it’s a close call.

“Oh, you guys,” Ochako says, holding a hand over her chest. “What are you doing here?”

“We wanted to come see you before your match,” Tsuyu explains, glancing across at Izuku. The two of them are about the same height. “Wish you luck. You’re fighting Bakugou.”

Ochako swallows hard. Tsuyu might’ve missed it, but Izuku didn’t. “T-Thanks,” she says, shifting her weight. “Yeah. I’m fighting Bakugou. He’s—he’s pretty scary, y’know? I mean...the first time I actually fought with him…”

“I have some pointers, if you want them,” Izuku says, meeting her eyes. “...But something tells me you don’t.”

Ochako shakes her head. “I don’t,” she says, dropping both hands down to her sides. “I appreciate it, Izuku, I really do, but...if I’m going to fight Bakugou...I want to beat him on my own. I want to be able to claim this victory.”

“That’s noble,” Tsuyu says, nodding. “Good luck, Ochako-chan. I hope you win.”

Izuku nods his own agreement to the words, and Ochako smiles, though it’s wobbly and unconvincing.

“Thanks,” she says. “I’ll do my best.”

Roughly thirty minutes later, Ochako is heading back toward the prep room, alone. Recovery Girl had taped gauze over her cheek where she’d been scratched. Her hands are balled into loose fists at her side, and they shake slightly as they sway.

When she makes it there, she turns the knob and swings open the door.

A low but not unwelcoming boof is the first thing that greets her, and a second later, she notices Izuku sitting at the table, with Cat laying at his feet. Cat’s alert, looking at her with his tail swishing madly back and forth across the floor.

She feels Izuku’s eyes on her, like he’s staring straight into her soul, and she looks away quickly and rubs the back of her neck with a shaky, nervous laugh.

“S-Sorry for barging in like that, I forgot you had a match right after me!” she says in a rush of breath. “I-I’ll go now, d-don’t worry abou—”

“Ochako.”

She freezes, sinks her teeth into her bottom lip, then looks at him again and hopes he doesn’t notice.

By the look in his eyes, she’s all too transparent.

“It’s okay to be upset,” Izuku says shortly, and while his eyes are knowing, they aren’t accusing. They’re actually quite kind. Understanding, almost. Sympathetic without being pitying. “You did really well, though. Don’t sell yourself short.”

Ochako’s facade begins to crack, and she jerks her head down towards her shoes, tears burning her eyes.

She’d lost. She’d tried everything, literally put everything on the line, but in the end, she’d come short. She’d tried and she’d tried and she’d put everything out there, she’d thrown herself into the fight, she’d tried using Bakugou’s blasts to her advantage, like Izuku did in the entrance exam with the robots, but she’d fallen short. Not too short—she’d been so close —but it was short enough to make all the difference.

She’d wanted to win. She’d wanted to prove to her friends—to her family watching—to everyone —that she could do it.

But that’s the thing. She couldn’t.

She hears Izuku’s chair scoot backwards as he pushes himself to his feet, and then, he takes her hand in his own and curls her fingers around two items. One is thin and smooth; the other is thick and feels like fabric.

She looks down, and through her tears, she sees Cat’s leash and a bright purple pen.

“It’s okay to be upset,” Izuku says, his voice startlingly gentle. “I have to go, but Cat will take care of you until I get back. You did good, Ochako. Don’t tell yourself otherwise, okay?”

And then he leaves. She feels the wind as he passes her, hears his departing doorsteps, the click of the door when it closes. She stands still like a deer in the headlights, staring down at the pen and the leash.

Cat bumps her on the leg, and she kneels, hugs him around the neck, and cries.

Izuku can hear her crying as he walks away, but he doesn’t turn back. If there’s one thing he knows about Ochako—one thing that’s only been further confirmed to him while watching her match against Bakugou—is that she’s incredibly strong. Besides, she has Cat, and he knows for a fact that Cat will make sure she’s okay, just like he’s done for Izuku.

Izuku takes in a breath and keeps walking towards the arena. His fight against Todoroki will commence within minutes. He has to get down there—

THREAT

It rushes at him so jarringly that he springs backwards, hitting the ground again just as Endeavor turns the corner.

They meet eyes, and Izuku is slammed with torrent after torrent of wild streams of thought. Most of them center around THREAT and RUN and, startlingly, ELIMINATE, but he doesn’t do it. He doesn’t realize he’d been reaching for a knife until his fingers close around air.

“Ah, there you are.” Endeavor turns to face him fully, completely unaware of Izuku’s frantic thoughts and racing heart. “I was looking for you. For the student who came first in the entrance exam, you sure haven’t made much of a name for yourself since then.”

No, hell no. He’s never been this close to losing it in a long time. He sees Todoroki’s eyes flash on his eyelids when he blinks. In his heart he feels it; Todoroki’s fear, his pain, things he keeps hidden.

Izuku sets his jaw. He doesn’t trust himself to speak.

“My son has a duty to someday surpass All Might and become the number one hero,” Endeavor goes on simply, and his tone of voice makes it all too clear. He doesn’t care. He doesn’t care. He’s hurt Todoroki and he’s hurt Todoroki’s family and he doesn’t care. “Placing first in this festival might be the first step towards it. If you can help it, please, don’t disgrace yourself during the match.”

He passes Izuku and keeps on down the hall like the conversation never even happened.

Somehow, as Izuku clenches his fists and his fingernails dig into his palms hard enough to draw blood, he finds his voice.

“You can’t keep it a secret forever, Endeavor.”

He hears Endeavor’s footsteps stop. “What are you talking about?”

“Your little secret.” He spits the words out like they’re toxic. “You can only keep it under wraps for so long. Someday it’s gonna come out. And I can’t wait to see your perfect kingdom come crumbling down.”

Izuku doesn’t bother watching his reaction. He faces the hall and storms off in the opposite direction, balled fists swaying at his sides.
Chapter 24
Notes:

    Hey so I'm posting this a little early since it's a bit of a shorter chapter and I'm super excited to show y'all this chapter too so there's that jaskld so here we are!! I wanna thank everyone once again for all your support, you guys are so incredible and sweet and I love you so much. <3

    Before we get into it, art!!

    silverwolf1211

    Thanks so much! :D Enjoy the chapter everyone!

Chapter Text

Izuku hears Present Mic announce the fight, kind of. It sounds more like he’s hearing it from somewhere far underwater, where everything is unclear and uncertain. All he sees is Todoroki’s narrowed eyes as they both step onto the arena. Not even the roar of the crowd gets to him like it had before.

Present Mic is still announcing them, but Izuku tunes it out, and it seems Todoroki does the same. They take their places across from each other and stay there, eyes locked.

“So,” Izuku intones. “We’re doing this.”

Todoroki nods shortly. “I won’t go easy on you,” he grinds out, sliding his right foot out in front of him by a few inches. “And I hope you don’t take back your word or change your mind, Midoriya.”

“Believe me—”

“START!”

“—I won’t.”

Todoroki grits his teeth and twists the ball of his foot into the cement. At the same time, Izuku calls his Quirk to him. The edges of his sight crackle and pixilate, but he’s in control now.

He holds out a hand as Todoroki’s ice rockets toward him.

Todoroki recoils sharply, shaking and clutching his head with a small, surprised cry. The ice slams to a halt, barely halfway to Izuku.

Todoroki lifts his head slowly, but his teeth are gritted again, and he’s trembling. The second Izuku is finished, he flips the Quirk inward on himself; it's unpleasant, and he doesn’t want to force it on Todoroki for any longer than he has to.

“So…” Todoroki knows what he’s doing, judging by his change in demeanor. “You weren’t lying when you said you couldn’t turn it off.”

“Of course not.” Izuku really hopes the blood-crying thing doesn’t start anytime soon; that’d be hard to explain. “I don’t know why you think I’d—”

Todoroki sends another bout of ice at him, and Izuku bears into Todoroki’s senses with his Quirk. Just like before, the ice juts to a sudden halt, and Todoroki cries out and recoils.

Grinding his teeth together, Izuku fights to keep his stance. His vision has pixel damage all the way through it now that his Quirk has been turned inward on him, but it’s his Quirk, he can deal with it.

“...An endurance match…”

“Yeeeep,” Izuku drawls, shifting his feet. “Those glaciers are gonna come out smaller the longer you don’t use your left side.”

“But you can only turn your own power on yourself for so long,” Todoroki concludes, and with a grit of his teeth and a swing of his right arm, the ice springs at him. Faster.

Izuku tears into Todoroki’s senses. Faster. The ice stops. Todoroki recoils.

And then they do it again.

This time, though, the fourth glacier slams into the prior three before Izuku can stop it, and shards of ice in all different shapes and sizes explodes across the arena.

Izuku dodges immediately, springing to the side; his foot gets caught on a stealthy streak of ice Todoroki sent forth.

Without breaking a stride, Izuku yanks himself out of his shoe, before the ice can travel up his skin. He skids for a moment, one shoe lighter, and with newfound vigor, he charges at Todoroki.

He sees the slightest movement of Todoroki’s right arm and immediately overturns his Quirk. Stronger than before. Todoroki’s head snaps down, his eyes shut, his jaw goes tight; when he remembers the fight, by the time he looks up, Izuku is there and is raising a kick at Todoroki’s head.

Todoroki, still under the influence of Glitch, dives to the side in the nick of time. Izuku hits the ground, sets his jaw, and charges at him. He’s losing what little control he has over his Quirk. It’s becoming harder and harder to keep it focused like this while fighting at the same time.

Which means I have to end it quickly.

Todoroki swings an arm at him, but the blast of ice is weaker as Izuku’s Quirk invades his senses, so Izuku dodges out of the way, leaps again, and winds up behind Todoroki. Todoroki swings around, but Izuku is quicker, grabbing his right arm and twisting it behind his back. Hard. Harder. He feels something shift and snap, and Todoroki’s shriek of pain says it all. Ice shoots up Izuku’s hands, thin but freezing, and Izuku tears himself off his opponent and regroups.

Todoroki is holding his limp right arm with his left, breathing heavily. “Really? You’d break my arm?”

“Dislocate it,” Izuku says dryly, and he feels a single drop of blood roll down his cheek. “But yeah, I would and I did.”

He runs at Todoroki again, and Todoroki slams his right foot into the ground. Izuku doesn’t like using Glitch on his classmates, fight or no fight, but even so; he turns his Quirk on Todoroki, which slows the production of the ice enough for Izuku to dodge.

Except, it’s frustrating. As Izuku hits the ground, almost losing his balance with uneven weight on his feet, it’s very frustrating.

He thought maybe damaging Todoroki’s arm would encourage him to use his left side. But it would seem even now, when things are this dire…

Izuku grinds his teeth together and kicks off the ground towards Todoroki again.

Todoroki’s ice spreads across the ground. Izuku jumps over it and swings a leg, his shin connecting with Todoroki’s side. Todoroki stumbles, teeth gritted, frost growing and remaining on his skin. Izuku moves again, hitting the ground and sprinting. Todoroki swings his left fist; Izuku ducks, then brings his head into Todoroki’s chin from below. With a sharp, garbled yelp, Todoroki stumbles backwards, cradling his face with his undamaged hand.

“It’s infuriating, you know,” Izuku says, lunging again. Todoroki dives to the side, but Izuku trips him with a quick swing of his foot. Todoroki stumbles forward, but manages to keep from falling. “I’m laying into you pretty heavily and you’re holding back.”

“Shut up,” Todoroki snaps, breathing raggedly through gritted teeth. In the heat of the moment, it’s he who charges. “I told you, I’m not using my father’s damn Quirk!”

“It’s not your father’s Quirk!” Izuku snaps right back at him, dodging when Todoroki swings his fist. “If you wanna talk about using Quirks we hate, look no further! I hate my Quirk, Todoroki, but I promised you I wasn’t going to hold back! And I thought you did, too!”

Todoroki grits his teeth, clutching his right arm again. It must hurt more than he’d let on. “I swore I’d never use my left side for combat!” he yells. Izuku can feel the fury rolling off of him in waves. “If you thought I was gonna break that, Midoriya, then you’re mistaken!”

Izuku snaps his teeth together and drags in a ragged breath. “Then why are you here if you’re not gonna give it your all!?” he demands, racing toward him. “It’s not fair that you think you can somehow rise to the top when you aren’t even trying your best!”

He swings. Todoroki doesn’t dodge, and Izuku lands a solid hit to his face. The hit is hard, and he feels something in his hand snap and break—a finger or two, probably—but the pain is minimal. He ignores it.

When Todoroki lifts his head again, he’s clutching his face. Blood runs down his chin from his nose.

“I don’t care what you think,” Todoroki grinds out lowly through clenched teeth. “I don’t care.”

“Yeah,” Izuku barks. “You know who else doesn’t care? Endeavor.”

This is the wrong thing to say. Todoroki swings his arm—his right arm, dislocated at all—and a dozen or so icicles dart at Izuku. He can’t dodge without running into more of them; one of them in particular strikes him in the shoulder, sinking and remaining there, and he grits his teeth, but doesn’t cry out.

“Don’t you dare compare me to him,” Todoroki snaps, but there’s a crack in his voice that hadn’t been there before. “You don’t know—!”

“I do know!”

Izuku yanks the ice from his shoulder, grits his teeth tighter, then charges. Todoroki isn’t expecting it. Izuku lands a clean punch to his jaw.

“I get it, Todoroki!” he shouts, throat raw. “I get it more than anything! You didn’t ask for this power—!” A punch. Todoroki swings. He dodges. “—You didn’t ask for your childhood—!” He throws his own punch, which Todoroki dodges. Izuku’s foot gets caught in ice, but he breaks free. “—And it wasn’t fair! It wasn’t fair, I know! Believe me, I know!”

They’re barely even fighting anymore. It’s a mess of swings and punches and dodges. Izuku has his Quirk turned entirely on himself now. Todoroki’s pain is getting to him. His right arm is useless. His right leg is covered in frost. Izuku feels like he’s being torn apart from the inside out for more reasons than one.

“And I know how much it hurts!”

Another punch, sinking into Todoroki’s stomach. Todoroki stumbles backwards. Izuku takes a second to catch his breath, but then he’s moving again, faster than before. He doesn’t know how much longer he has before his Quirk overloads and knocks him unconscious, and if he doesn’t get this out now then he doesn’t know if he’ll ever have another chance to.

“I know what it’s like to sit back and watch from the sideline, kicking and screaming while everything is taken away from you!” he screeches, swinging a leg at Todoroki’s side again. Todoroki avoids the hit, but barely. “And sometimes, sometimes it’s hard enough just to drag yourself out of bed. Sometimes it’s hard enough just to ask yourself why you even bother!”

Another swing. Another dodge.

“Sometimes it’s hard enough just to keep living, to try, because no matter what you do it just never feels like enough! You want to change things, you want to make things better but you can’t even do that! At the end of the day no matter what you do, all you can be is helpless. That’s you, too, isn’t it!? We’re damn powerless, Todoroki!”

He throws a punch, and at the same time, Todoroki swings his right arm. He feels his fist connect with Todoroki’s skin around the same time a burst of cold hits Izuku in the face, and he trips and falls back, hitting the cement on his side.

They’re both on the ground, silent, still, breathing hard. Izuku holds his breath for a long moment, then lets it go and finds his voice.

“...You can’t hurt him, Todoroki,” he croaks, shaking his head. “You can’t hurt him. He’s risen a place you can’t drag him down from, and someday he’ll get what he deserves, but you can’t hurt him. Even after everything he did to the people you love...even after everything he did to you... you’re still powerless to change him. You’re still powerless to make him see.”

Todoroki says nothing.

“...But you can hurt yourself,” Izuku gasps, shaking his head. “And that’s something I can’t let you do. I made a promise, Todoroki—a promise to someone I loved, that I’d never let anyone else suffer how we suffered, and I’m not going to break that promise. I’m not going to let you drown like I did.”

Please…

Slowly, he pushes himself to his feet. He sways this time, overuse of his Quirk beginning to tear away at his consciousness, but he stands firm.

...Please…

“In the end, the only power we have is over ourselves,” Izuku says. “We can’t change our circumstances, but we can determine who we become through them. So…”

...Please…

Reach him.

“Wipe your father’s look out of your eyes and start living your own damn life!” he shouts, voice breaking. “You don’t belong to him, Todoroki! And neither does your Quirk!”

Midoriya is a mystery. Ever since the beginning of the school year, he’s been in the background. The cat fiasco had drawn attention to him, sure, but he’d never done that intentionally. He wasn’t like Bakugou, or even Iida or Kirishima or Ashido, who had widespread influence on the class’ overall mood. Midoriya Izuku isn’t like them. He was never like them.

But for some reason, here Midoriya is, and his words, his force, his being, is hitting Shouto harder than anything has ever hit him before. Midoriya had always been edgy, “weird,” almost unapproachable—but now he’s a force of nature, a swirling storm after a long silence. A hurricane.

Midoriya’s words spark something within him. Something he was sure he’d forgotten. A memory. He’s in his mother’s arms, bruised and crying, but that isn’t the impact of the memory. The true impact comes from the words she speaks.

“Shouto...you can still be a hero...without being your father.”

Within him, the warmth spreads.

On his left hand, the flames burst forth. Small, then larger. Stronger. Hotter. The ice is thawed. His pain is still there, still very real, but it’s lesser. It isn’t consuming him. For the very first time in his life, as his own flames roar around him, as the crackles of the embers roar through his ears, he feels free. Like he’s his own person again.

The chains that’d held him back aren’t suffocating him anymore. He’s harnessed them. He’s turned them into strength.

This is his power.

When he raises his head again to gaze into Midoriya’s eyes, what he sees isn’t anger, or bitterness, or cold. In Midoriya’s eyes, reflecting the light of the roaring flames, Shouto sees something like peace. Something like relief. He sees light, and it isn’t just because of his fire.

Through the raging flames and the torrent of emotions pouring into his heart, Shouto speaks, “...You’re crazy, you know.”

Midoriya tilts his head, but he seems more amused than bewildered. “Am I, now?”

“Yeah. What kind of idiot enables their opponent? You’ve gotta be mental.”

Midoriya exhales sharply through his nose and shakes his head. “Probably. But, it’s worth it, anyway. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you smile before.”

Oh. Is that what it is? He’s smiling? He can’t remember the last time he’s done that.

“...The fight isn’t over,” Shouto says, realizing it himself. He’d completely forgotten about the audience. He’d completely forgotten that this is all just for the sake of a sports festival.

“Yeah, I know.” Midoriya takes a single step forward. The drop of blood rolls down his cheek and splatters the ground in front of him, but he doesn’t seem all that concerned. He slams his foot into the cement; his eyes turn a brighter shade of gold, and soon, shining tendrils of the same color wind themselves around Midoriya’s skin like ribbons. “You ready to do this for real, Todoroki-chan?”

Shouto narrows his eyes and nods, already preparing himself for Midoriya’s Quirk. The thought of fighting for real, without holding back, actually using the power he’s despised for so long, fills him with a sense of thrill. He’s excited.

He locks eyes with Midoriya and says with every ounce of strength in his being, “Bring it on.”

The corner of Midoriya’s mouth curves upwards, ever so slightly, and he launches his attack at the same time Shouto launches his own.

Flames and ice race forward. Midoriya’s Quirk tears into him, eating away at his line of sight, blotting out the roar of flames with a ring in his ears, derailing his train of thought. It dulls the feeling into his arms until he feels neither heat nor cold, nor pain from his injuries; and yet, he continues to push forth, to press on.

Black pixels spread over his sight until he can’t see. The ringing in his ears increases until he can’t hear. And yet, in this moment, he’s never been this at peace. Even on the battlefield, with his senses taken away from him, he’s never felt so real.

Midoriya…

He can’t control his attacks. He can’t force through. But honestly? At this point, whether he wins or loses this fight doesn’t even matter to him.

...Thanks…

And then, in a snap, his consciousness leaves him.

There’s too much smoke to see clearly.

The audience sits on the edge of their seats with bated breath. After the roar of before, everything now is eerily still. A calm after the storm. Smoke and anticipation fill the air. Thousands of eyes watch on, waiting in suspense.

The smoke clears.

Todoroki is on the ground, still. Midoriya is on his feet with an outstretched hand, breathing hard, trembling. Inches away from his fingertips is a massive glacier. Streaks of blood run down his face. Smoke swirls around his feet.

There’s a long beat of silence.

And then Midnight’s hand snaps in the air.

“Todoroki is unconscious!” she booms. “Midoriya advances to the next round!”

As the crowds begin to roar, Midoriya’s knees buckle, and he collapses.
Chapter 25
Notes:

    Hi guys! Another update! \o/ Again, I didn't get to responding to comments this time, and my Ao3 was having a couple glitches and stuff so there were some issues there, but I read all of them and I love hearing from you all, so thank you!! A couple of you brought up concern for my update schedule considering some of the stuff I'm going through (I'm sick atm again actually dfjkldfg), but like I said, I have quite a few chapters on the backlog ready to go, and I'll be sure to take care of myself!! :D

    Thank you all for your lovely comments!! Before we begin, art!!

    my-manga-squeeze

    Thank you so much!! Enjoy the chapter, everybody! \o/

Chapter Text

A torrent of pounding footsteps fill the hallway, followed by a bang! as the door slams the wall. Uraraka, Iida (with Cat), Tsuyu, Kouda, and Eijirou pour into the infirmary, frazzled and gasping from their run over here.

Recovery Girl rounds on them immediately, putting a finger to her lips with a harsh shush. “Quiet,” she hisses, and the students calm down considerably. None of them want to be on her bad side. “I don’t care how worried you are, this is still the infirmary. You can’t come charging in here like that.”

“I apologize,” Iida says immediately, bowing. When he straightens up, he’s still cool and collected, but there’s definitely concern in his eyes. “Regardless of our concern, we shouldn’t have barged in here.”

Recovery Girl’s eyes soften, and she shakes her head. “I know he’s your friend,” she says, moving towards the desk, where there’s a stack of papers about the size of a small novel, “but you still need to think.”

The students nod their acknowledgement, but when that’s over with, Eijirou and the others examine the room.

The first thing Eijirou notices is Todoroki, sitting on the edge of one of the infirmary beds, with his right arm tucked in a sling around his shoulder. He has an odd look in his eyes. Soft, almost. Contemplative.

And then there’s Izuku, lying unconscious on the bed right beside Todoroki’s. Recovery Girl has him on an IV. Cat pushes his way between them and trots across the room at once, sitting down by Izuku’s bed.

“Is he okay?” Uraraka dares, more confident now that Recovery Girl isn’t angry with them anymore. “I-I mean, he looks—he looks pretty bad—”

“He’s alright,” Recovery Girl cuts in. “I have him under very mild Quirk suppressants, and I’m keeping him under sedatives right now until Aizawa can get here and make sure his Quirk is completely off.”

“That’s good,” Tsuyu chirps. “I’m glad—”

“However, he will not be able to continue on to the next round.”

“Wait, what?” Uraraka’s voice is small. “But—you said he was—”

“He’s fine,” Recovery Girl cuts in once again, “but with how he is now, he’s too weak to participate in the match.” At this, her demeanor changes, and she scowls. “If I had any say in it,” she says, turning towards Todoroki, “I wouldn’t let either of you fight the next match, but if you can get over your exhaustion, you should be okay. Just keep the sling on until the last second.”

Todoroki nods stiffly. That’s all he does.

“Well, get out of here,” Recovery Girl says, shooing him. “I’ve done whatever I can for you. Don’t do anything too reckless in your next fight, alright?”

Todoroki nods again, gets to his feet, and Uraraka and Tsuyu move out of his way as he makes for the door. He doesn’t make eye-contact with any of them, but he does glance back over his shoulder at Izuku one final time before he departs.

Eijirou bites his lip. Despite Recovery Girl’s reassurances, he can’t help but worry. This is Izuku’s second dosage of Quirk suppressants today, and while Recovery Girl said it was mild, he can’t help his concern. It’s part of what comes with being friends with Izuku. As much as he loves his friend, he wishes Izuku had more self-preservation.

“You lot should be leaving now, too,” Recovery Girl says, breaking into Eijirou’s thoughts and bringing everyone’s attention back to her. “You’ve got places to be, and besides, right now it’s better to let him rest. He’ll be fine, there’s no reason for you to stay here.”

They can’t argue with her. With non-verbal agreement, they turn and depart in Todoroki’s wake.

“Hey, Kirishima…” Uraraka glances at him out of the corner of her eye as they walk. “I didn’t want to bring this up, but...you’re fighting Bakugou next, aren’t you?”

Eijirou swallows hard. “Yeah. I am.”

With Izuku at the forefront of his mind, he hadn’t given it much thought. Now, with the knowledge that Izuku is fine, it strikes him like a dagger.

Bakugou. He's going up against Bakugou. 

Shouto’s arm doesn’t hurt nearly as much now as it had before, but the exhaustion from Recovery Girl’s healing is starting to get the better of him. He doesn’t sleep, of course; he has a match coming up reasonably soon; but even so. That, coupled with the emotions he’s been plagued with since using his flames, makes it hard to think. And it’ll make it even harder to fight.

He’s making his way back to the stands to wait when a familiar voice calls to him from behind.

“Shouto. Hold on.”

Shouto can’t bring himself to feel anything. He turns to face his father, who has moved and is now standing mere feet away from him. His arms are crossed over his chest, but he’s grinning.

“I heard they’re letting you fight on in your opponent’s stead,” Endeavor says, voice filled with merriment despite the words he speaks. “As shameful it is that you were beaten so quickly, you have another chance to prove yourself—with your left side.”

Shouto blinks, long and slow, and raises his left hand in front of his face. Midoriya’s words ring through his head on repeat, unwavering. Shouto sees Midoriya’s eyes imprinted in the forefront of his memory; eyes like a storm, powerful, dangerous. But his words hit their marks, like darts on a bull’s eye.

Shouto lowers his hand and looks his father in the eyes, and Endeavor suddenly doesn’t have the same impact that he used to. Endeavor suddenly isn’t the leading figure in his life anymore, twisting and manipulating Shouto’s emotions.

“I didn’t do it for you,” Shouto says, quietly, and for once, his voice isn’t filled with hatred or malice or venom. He speaks, and it’s as simple as that. “When I used my flames...it was like you’d been erased entirely.”

Erased and replaced with Midoriya’s molten gaze and piercing words.

Endeavor’s eyes don’t narrow in anger like they usually do. Instead, he seems shocked. Confused. “‘Erased?’ What the hell are you talking about?”

“I mean, I wasn’t fighting to spite you anymore,” Shouto says. “I was fighting for myself.”

He doesn’t wait to see the look on his father’s face. He turns on his heel and continues on his way.

He doesn’t know what this breakthrough means for him. He doesn’t know how long it’ll last. But, for the first time in his life, he’s actually moving forward. Forward.

“...Shouto.” Endeavor certainly sounds angry now. “Don’t forget your place.”

“I know my place,” Shouto says with such calm that it surprises even him. “I know it now more than ever.”

Endeavor doesn’t say anything else, and Shouto moves onwards. It’s weird, he thinks; his father’s presence had been overwhelmingly intimidating before, and every word somehow found its way straight into Shouto’s heart, for better or worse—

But it’s different now.

For some reason—after fighting Midoriya, after feeling his Quirk, after seeing that look on his face—it’s different now.

He isn’t afraid anymore. Maybe it’s because now, he knows someone far more scary. Someone far more scary who is on his side.

And Endeavor doesn’t have his eyes.  

Eijirou is moving forward now. Iida has fought Todoroki, and though the fight was messy, Todoroki managed to encase Iida in ice, which solidified his win. Iida had stepped outside after that to answer the phone, and now, Eijirou is away from his friends and sitting in the prep room, alone.

Fighting Bakugou, huh. Eijirou had plenty of time to admire Bakugou’s fighting style while he and Uraraka fought. Bakugou is definitely a go-getter, a hot-head, and everything in between. His fighting style may seem sporadic, but that’s far from the truth. Bakugou isn’t all brawn and no brains; he has a nice combination of both. His attitude speaks for itself, but ability-wise, Bakugou is not someone to sneeze at.

Eijirou takes in a long breath, holds it, then lets it go.

“Here we go,” he murmurs to himself, rising to his feet. “No use hiding in the prep room…”

He leaves and heads down the corridor towards the arena.

“And now, we have an interesting matchup here!” Present Mic’s voice calls over the stadium as Eijirou and Bakugou make there way up the steps. “On one side, with an explosive power and a face only a mother could love, here comes Bakugou Katsuki, from the Hero Course! Verses!—He doesn’t stand out much in the crowd, but his abilities need no introduction! Give it up for Kirishima Eijirou, from the Hero Course!”

Bakugou takes his place, mouth curled into a snarl. Eijirou takes his place across from him on the arena. The roaring of the crowds around them does nothing to soothe Eijirou’s frazzled nerves.

“So, Blasty,” Eijirou says, if just to boost his own confidence, “you ready for this?”

Bakugou responds by punching his fist into his open palm. “I think I’m the one who should be asking that question, Weird Hair.”

“Your overconfidence is gonna be the death of you,” Eijirou says, crouching, preparing. “Miiiiiight wanna start putting your money where your mouth is.”

“START!”

Bakugou runs at him, sparks flying, and Eijirou fires up his Quirk to counter the first blow.

An explosion is fired way too close for comfort, and Eijirou leaps into the air to avoid getting blown right out of the arena. When he hits the ground, Bakugou is there with another round of fire; Eijirou puts his forearms out in front of his face, blocking it with his Quirk. Bakugou’s attacks sting a little, which isn’t a good sign already.

Eijirou grits his teeth and throws a punch with an indistinguishable battle cry. The attack strikes Bakugou on the shoulder, but it isn’t nearly enough, and soon Eijirou is served another blast, this time right by his face.

Stumbling back, Eijirou regroups, cupping his hands around his mouth and watching through burning eyes as Bakugou rushes towards him again.

“What’s wrong, huh!?” Bakugou demands, retracting his fist. “Cat got your tongue!?”

As he throws the punch, Eijirou snaps out his own punch to retaliate. Forcing One For All through his arm, just barely what he needs, he slams his knuckles into Bakugou’s.

Bakugou goes flying back with a yell of pain, cut short when he snaps his teeth together. His eyes are narrowed into slits, teeth gritted. He’s holding his arm, and blood runs down his fingers.

“You’re gonna pay for that!” Bakugou swears, taking off again at full speed. “This is where you die!”

Eijirou throws his arms in front of his face to block, but it’s no good. Bakugou launches a full-scale explosion like he did to thwart Uraraka’s final attack.

In a second, Eijirou can’t breathe. A second later, he can’t see. The blast makes his ears ring. The heat overwhelms him.

“Mom…”

Eijirou grits his teeth.

“...Why did you keep me?”

Mom looks at him quizzically, eyes wide with wonder. “What do you mean?” she asks, tucking her pen behind her ear and rising to a stand. “What brought this on so suddenly?”

“I mean…” Eijirou’s eyes go to his shoes, and he twists the ball of his foot into the ground. “I just...you just said you ‘found’ me, right? I just showed up out of nowhere. Why didn’t you give me away?”

Mom approaches him. He hears her footsteps, but doesn’t trust himself to look her in the eye. She kneels, then reaches out and gently touches his chin, guiding his face upwards.

“Because you needed us as much as we needed you,” Mom says, smiling. “Whether or not we realized it at the time, you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to us. We wouldn’t trade you for anything.”

“Not even for a real son?”

Mom smiles, and Eijirou doesn’t think he’s ever seen a smile look so sad and genuine both at the same time.

“Eijirou, dear...you are our real son.”

He thinks he hears Bakugou’s voice, but it sounds far away and like it’s coming from underwater. Everything is muffled. He still hasn’t hit the ground.

“You should’ve told us you were being bullied.”

Eijirou doesn’t look at Dad. They’re driving home after a trip to the principal’s office, during which one of Eijirou’s teachers brought up their concern. The only person to ever stand up for him was that girl—he can’t remember her name for the life of him—but aside from that, he had no one.

Still.

“S’not a big deal,” Eijirou mumbles, leaning against the window and looking out at the passing city. “I could’ve handled it.”

“That’s not the point, son.” Dad’s voice rises somewhat in volume, but not for long. With a long, heaving sigh, he reaches over and squeezes Eijirou’s knee. “I know you want to prove yourself, and I know you don’t like asking for help, but your mother and I care about you a lot. We want to know when something’s wrong.”

Eijirou swallows hard and says nothing.

Smoke fills his lungs. His eyes burn for more reasons than one.

He’s sitting in his room, alone, staring down at nothing. They’re moving. Mom and Dad thought, with everything going on, shooting for a brand new start would be better than transferring him somewhere else. Besides, they’ve been discussing this move for awhile; news of Eijirou being bullied at school merely finalized their decision.

Eijirou looks down at his hands and, just for the heck of it, fires up his Quirk. Up to his forearm becomes hard as steel. Unbreakable.

Unbreakable, yet inside, he feels the opposite.

He breathes a ragged breath through his teeth, then leaps to his feet and slams his knuckles into the punching bag across the room. Tears burn his eyes, but he feels no physical pain, so he punches again. And again. And again.

“You’re pathetic!” he shouts, punching again. Again. Again. “You’re completely, totally pathetic! You can’t even stand up for yourself—” Punch, kick, punch, “—you can’t even fight back against them—!” Punch, kick, punch. “What the hell is wrong with you!?”

The punching bag doesn’t care. Eijirou wonders if there’s anyone out there who does.

He finally hits the ground, and the world returns to proper motion. Bakugou is standing over him, sparks flying, smoke swirling around them. Eijirou lifts himself off the ground, but doesn’t rise to his feet. With Bakugou so close and his attacks at the ready, he has no opening with which to do so.

“Give up yet?” Bakugou asks, grinning. “If you’re gonna get up again, now’s the time. I don’t have all day.”

Eijirou breathes freely now that some of the smoke has cleared, but there’s still an unmoving lump in his throat. It’s choking him.

“We will now be playing a rerun of Crimson Riot’s debut, in memory of one of Japan’s most beloved heroes.”

Eijirou is biking home from school when he passes the electronic shop’s window. There are several screens on display, all showing the same news clip, and there’s a small crowd of people gathered ‘round to watch.

Eijirou watches, too. He watches Crimson Riot, a hero with bright red hair and a bright red cape, leap in out of nowhere to defend two civilians from a villain’s deadly blow. It’s quite a scene to witness.

Even after it’s over, Eijirou can’t pull his eyes from the televisions. Even after everyone else leaves, Eijirou can’t tear himself away. Crimson Riot. A hero.

Broken from his trance, Eijirou pedals down the sidewalk as hard as he can, making for home. He doesn’t even bother parking his bike; throwing it to the ground, he stumbles and trips and rushes towards the front door of his house.

“Mom!” he calls, throwing the door open and rushing inside. “MomMomMomMomMom!”

Mom rounds the corner, looking equally frantic. “What is it?” she asks immediately. “Did something go wrong at school? Are you okay?”

“I’m fine!” Eijirou says, and he can’t help the dopey, stupid smile that comes over his face. “I’ve decided that I wanna be a hero!”

Mom blinks. “A hero? What brought this on?”

“I saw the news,” Eijirou explains hastily. “I saw a video of Crimson Riot saving someone. And he was super confident. He was right where he needed to be, and he knew it. He was ready to jump in there and save them even though it was dangerous. I want to be like that. I want to be able to rush in there and know who I am. I want to know I belong somewhere.”

He’s snapped back to the present when Bakugou’s palms begin to crackle.

“If you’re not gonna answer me,” Bakugou starts, “then I’ll go ahead and save you the trouble!”

He lunges, and Eijirou grits his teeth so tightly that his head begins to pound.

He’s not that girl he looked up to in middle school.

He’s not Crimson Riot.

He’s not Izuku.

He can’t be them. He’ll never be as brave as them, as strong as them, as sure of themselves as them. He’ll always have insecurities. Maybe he’ll never actually feel like he “belongs” somewhere. Maybe he’ll never be truly unbreakable.

But—

He brings his fist under Bakugou’s chin, reinforcing the punch with both his natural Quirk, and One For All.

Bakugou flies backwards, hitting the ground and rolling. He gets his feet underneath him and skids, stopping himself just moments before he crosses out of bounds, but he’s angrier than before. Despite his wild grin, Eijirou can tell he’s angrier than before.

“Hey, whaddya know,” Bakugou says, straightening up again. “Guess you weren’t all talk.”

Eijirou rises to his full height and picks his best fighting stance—the one Izuku taught him so long ago. The one he’s perfected after months of working at it, after months of training with Izuku, after months of training with Toshinori on the beach.

“Dunno if I can say the same about you yet,” Eijirou jabs, and it’s just the coaxing Bakugou needs before he throws his hands behind his back and blasts himself forward.

Eijirou rises to the occasion, pouring One For All into his veins and retracting his fist. Bakugou fires a blast; Eijirou throws the punch; their attacks slam into each other, and they’re both blown backwards.

Eijirou is on his feet again in an instant, and he runs. Across from him, Bakugou does the same. They meet again. Throwing punches, firing blasts. Bakugou swings a punch, gets a bit too close for comfort; muscle memory and training kick in, and Eijirou ducks and brings his fist into Bakugou’s stomach. Bakugou’s attack is thwarted by his surprise, and he stumbles back and hits the ground.

I’ll never be them.

“C’mon!” Bakugou snarls, leaping at him like some kind of deranged wildcat from hell. “Why won’t you just die!?”

Eijirou grits his teeth. “Why won’t you just shut up!?”

He throws the punch. Bakugou sends the blast. They cancel each other out, and the force throws them off their feet. They recover quicker than before.

I’ll never be as brave as them, as strong as them.

“You act like you’re all that, but the world doesn’t revolve around you, Bakugou!” Eijirou snaps, and he doesn’t even know why he’s saying it, or what he’s even saying. “And I don’t care if my body breaks, I don’t care if I’m not strong enough! That isn’t what matters!”

“Can it, Weird Hair!” Bakugou retracts his arm, palm spread. A final move. “Can it and die!”

Eijirou pours every bit of his everything into this one moment. Every bit of One For All, every bit of his natural Quirk, every bit of his spirit and his pain and his drive and his strength.

“I think you’re a great hero already,” Izuku had told him. And damn it all if he can’t live up to that. Moments before the attacks hit, he slams his heels into the asphalt of the arena.

And then, as sparks fly and smoke clouds his senses, Eijirou sees something.

Behind Bakugou—still, watching, with bright eyes and shapeless bodies—Eijirou sees eight silhouettes with varying heights. Of the eight, there’s only one he recognizes.

In hindsight, it probably should have scared him far more than it did, seeing eight silhouettes of people he doesn’t know just come into being in the middle of a fight. But it isn’t fear he feels; it’s comfort. Like he’s seeing old friends for the first time in years.

He’s rejuvenated. He’s exhausted and in pain but he’s never felt so energized. So alive.

He throws the punch. Bakugou sends the explosion.

The world dissolves into smoke and fire and wind. His hands go in front of his face to shield himself, Quirk activated, heels digging into the cement below. He’s actually dragged backwards a couple inches, but doesn’t falter. He remains standing. His arms stay in front of his face. Smoke and dust swirl around him like a hurricane.

And then, as quickly as it’d come, it ends. The wind stops, and slowly, the smoke begins to clear.

Eijirou drops his arms down to his sides, breathing heavily. Every part of him aches and burns someway or another, worse without activation of his Quirk, but that’s not what he’s concerned about. Even though he’s bleeding through the cracks in his skin that come from overuse of his Quirk, he doesn’t care.

What really matters is that Bakugou is unmoving. And not just that, but he’s on the other side of the stadium, crumpled into a heap on the grass.

Eijirou stares, breathing hard, unable to actually grasp what he’s looking at. Bakugou pushes himself to his hands and knees, moving excruciatingly slow, but it’s too late for him, now.

Eijirou stares down at his bloody hands, wide-eyed.

“Bakugou is out of bounds!” Midnight whoops, thrusting her hand into the air above her head. “Kirishima advances to the final round!”

Crowds cheer. Bakugou slams his fist into the ground. Eijirou barely registers any of it.

He’s come to a realization.

True heroes don’t have unbreakable bodies.

They have unbreakable spirits.
Chapter 26
Notes:

    Sorry for missing posting day yesterday, y'all! The so-called "planned power outage" turned into an actual power outage. :/ BUUUT, whatcha gonna do. They try their best.

    Anyway, here's chapter 26! We're moving right along! \o/ Ugh if not for the power outage I would've replied to comments, so I wanna try and do that this time around! Thanks for all your continued support!

    Before we begin, art!!

    hitamory

    Thanks so much!! :D Enjoy the chapter everyone! \o/

Chapter Text

Recovery Girl is furious.

Eijirou supposes he can't really blame her too much. After all, he'd come into her infirmary bleeding from several crack-like lacerations, inflicted by his own recklessness. Of course she's upset.

She’s already bandaged his forearms and legs and is now angrily pacing the floor in front of him like a prowling, angry cat. For a few seconds, she kind of reminds him of Izuku.

"I have just about had it with you kids and your recklessness!" she snaps, waving her cane around. Eijirou is afraid she'll accidentally (or intentionally) hit him with it. "When are you going to learn that your bodies aren't things you can throw away!? What's it going to take for you to get it!?"

Eijirou smiles nervously and rubs the back of his neck. "Will it help if I apologize?"

“No, it will not, because I know you wouldn't mean a word of it.”

“True—OW!”

She does whack him this time, and he rubs the back of his head gingerly.

"Do you think this is some kind of a joke!?" Recovery Girl fumes, brandishing her staff again. “Do you think this is funny?”

Eijirou recoils. "What's the answer that doesn't get me whacked with that thing?"

Recovery Girl gives him this cold look that automatically makes him think "oh crap, I'm dead,"—but that's when Izuku stirs and opens his eyes.

Recovery Girl and Eijirou stop fighting to look at him, and Cat’s tail swishes the floor while Izuku pushes himself upright slowly.

“Good to see you awake,” Recovery Girl says curtly, crossing her arms. “Do you have some kind of a death wish?”

Izuku blinks at her, exhausted. “Probably not. What kind of question is that?”

Recovery Girl only sighs. “I don’t know what I’m going to do with you…” she laments, crossing towards the desk. “If you can walk, you can both go. But, Kirishima, don’t do anything stupid in your next match.”

Eijirou nods and gets to his feet, eager to leave before she loses her temper again. Across from him, Izuku slides off the bed and to his feet, letting Cat steady him, and then the two set out.

For a while, neither of them say anything. It’s an odd kind of silence; the one Eijirou wants to break, but also doesn’t mind staying.

Luckily, Izuku makes the decision for him. “You beat Bakugou?”

“Yep,” Eijirou says, nodding firmly. For a moment, the eight silhouettes flash in his mind’s eye; he’ll have to ask Toshinori about that later, because he’s certain it has something to do with One For All.  “I dunno how cool it actually looked, but yeah. He’s probably pissed at me right now, dang…” He rubs the back of his neck, wincing. “But, hey, you won your match, too.”

“Suppose so,” Izuku says, shrugging. “I can’t move on either way, but I guess I do have that, at least…” He stops and turns to him with a frown. “Where’s Todoroki?”

“Dunno,” Eijirou admits, shaking his head. “Last I saw he was leaving the infirmary to fight Iida. He won the match. I didn’t actually watch it, since I was in the prep room, but anyway.”

Izuku nods and turns to face the hall once more. “Makes sense.”

Eijirou nods back at him.

When Kirishima leaves for the prep room to ready for his next match and Izuku gets back to the stands, the first thing he notices is that Iida is nowhere to be seen.

“He said something about a phone call,” Kaminari fills him in, but he sounds puzzled. “It was a while ago. I’m surprised he hasn’t come back yet.”

“He was probably talking to his brother,” Ochako offers. “I bet Iida feels terrible about losing when he was so close to the finish line…”

Izuku doesn’t say anything, but ponders this.

Kirishima and Tokoyami’s match doesn’t last very long. It boils down mainly to Kirishima keeping Dark Shadow distracted with blasts—not very big blasts, but big enough to stun him—while he gets in close and works his way into decimating Tokoyami’s stance.

In the end, after about ten minutes, Tokoyami concedes, and Kirishima moves on to the final round. The screen only has two names on it now; Kirishima’s, and Todoroki’s. They’re the finalists.

There’s to be a ten minute intermission—some time to allow the hype for the final match to grow—and Izuku excuses himself and leaves with Cat. He’s a bit scared of the next time he’ll run into Aizawa. After overusing h is Quirk like he did, he has no doubt his mentor will be furious with him.

Oh well. It was worth it.

He sets an alarm on his phone and crashes for about eight minutes, just like before. A part of him is bummed that he wasn’t able to advance to the next round despite his victory, but it’s whatever; he wouldn’t stand a chance against his next opponents, anyway. He’s already unsteady on his feet, he doesn’t know how he’d be able to hold his own in a fight.

In the end, it’s for the better, and eight minutes later, Izuku heads back to the arena, taking his place in the stands just as Present Mic announces the final fight.

You made it back just in time, Kouda says, gesturing to the spot next to him. Izuku accepts the invitation and sits down. They’re just starting.

Thanks, Izuku says, peering down into the arena. Present Mic’s voice booms across the stadium as crowds roar and cheer, and Izuku can’t help but fiddle with one of his pens.

Kirishima and Todoroki.

Izuku has no idea.

“And now we come to the final match of the first year’s Sports Festival! They’ve made names for themselves already; these are students who need no introduction! Give it up for Todoroki Shouto and Kirishima Eijirou!”

The roar of the crowd fills Eijirou’s ears, but he’s grown accustomed to it by now and is able to tune it out. Across from him stands Todoroki, eyes set forward, but distant, like he’s looking straight through him instead of at him.

Eijirou takes in a breath. He doesn’t know what Izuku said to him, but it would seem Todoroki’s entire world has been shaken. That look on his face is like none other Eijirou has ever seen before—except, maybe, like Izuku’s, the day after he’s had a bad relapse.

“Ready—!”

Eijirou shifts into his favorite stance and puts up his fists. Todoroki doesn’t move.

“—Set—!”

Here we go...Todoroki...don’t hold back.

“—START!!”

The ice springs forth immediately, a towering glacier speeding towards him across the arena, and Kirishima fires off a blast with One For All. The glacier stops dead in its tracks, then splinters and breaks, sending shards of ice flying in all directions.

Todoroki recovers quickly, sending another glacier, and Eijirou runs forward to meet it this time, retracting his fist. He slams his knuckles into the ice. The glacier shatters into bits, but he doesn’t stop running this time. He keeps on.

“Pretty good attack,” Eijirou says, grinning and leaping, “but it’s not gonna be enough!”

He sees Todoroki’s eyes, moments before landing the kick.

He feels like he’d been electrically shocked. His shin connects with Todoroki’s side as planned, and Todoroki is thrown back, but it shouldn’t have been that easy to land a hit on him. It shouldn’t have been easy to land a hit on one of U.A.’s top students.

Eijirou hits the ground, staring, and Todoroki pushes himself to his feet.

...He can’t fight.

Eijirou realizes this with a start.

He can try, but he can’t fight me. He’s still exhausted from Recovery Girl’s Quirk, and he still isn’t using his left side to balance out the ice on his right.

That, and...I’ve ever seen anyone look so torn in two before.

Todoroki gets to his feet and raises his head to meet Eijirou’s eyes. “Don’t throw the match.”

Eijirou steps back. “What are you talking about?” he questions. “I wasn’t going to—”

“Yes, you were. Either that, or you were going to go easy on me.”

Eijirou’s teeth snap together. He can’t deny it.

“...Don’t,” Todoroki says, guiding his feet into a messy stance. “I can’t give it my all right now. Your friend, Midoriya…” At this, Todoroki lifts his head towards the stands in the general direction of Class 1-A’s seats. “...He said some things that I’m still trying to digest. Already, the only reason I’m here is because he can’t be. Don’t throw the match just because you don’t think it’s a fair fight.”

Eijirou grits his teeth tighter, balled fists trembling. It isn’t a fair fight. He doesn’t want to fight Todoroki and win just because Todoroki can’t give it his all or do his best. It’s a disgrace.

But at the same time, he knows how he’d feel if his opponent didn’t give it their all or throw the fight just because they didn’t think it was fair.

That in mind, he raises his fists. “Alright,” he says, nodding, “I won’t hold back.”

Todoroki’s face doesn’t change. “Thank you. I’ll do my best.”

Eijirou runs at him.

“You’re aware the Sports Festival is a big event, correct?”

Eijirou nods eagerly, lifting his cup of tea from the coffee table. “Yeah,” he says, “it’s one of the biggest national events in Japan. Everyone watches it. Why do you ask?”

Across from him, Toshinori folds his hands. “It’s like you said,” he answers. “Everyone watches the Sports Festival. Civilian, hero...and villain alike. Which is why...with this festival...I want you to put yourself out there. I want you to throw yourself out there and tell the world, ‘I am here!’ Not only will you leave a lasting impression on the audience, but on the villains who watch, too.”

“A show of power, kinda?” Eijirou offers, to which Toshinori nods. With a grin, Eijirou clenches his fist. “Alright, then. I’ll do my best.”

It’s disgraceful, winning the festival just because his opponent couldn’t give it their all, but he supposes what Todoroki is giving now is all he can in this situation. They’re both doing their best, and it’s not like Eijirou is in top-shape, either. His arms are still bandaged. His Quirk still burns.

He gets in close. Todoroki sends ice at him, but Eijirou smashes through it with only a few punches. When he’s through the ice, he throws a punch that’s reinforced with One For All. Todoroki is blasted off his feet, barely managing to put up a small wall of ice behind him to keep him from going completely out of bounds.

It’s not enough. Eijirou grits his teeth against the part of him screaming it’s not fair and throws another punch. The wind glues Todoroki to his ice. When Eijirou throws the second punch, the ice cracks. With the third punch, it splinters, and just like that, Todoroki hits the ground, crossing over the line by inches.

It really is just as simple as that. Midnight announces the match finished and declares Eijirou the victor. Confetti rains around them as the crowds roar and rise to their feet, clapping and whooping.

Eijirou bites his lip, then crosses the arena towards Todoroki and outstretches his hand. Todoroki looks him in the eyes for  long moment, then accepts Eijirou’s hand and lets him pull him to his feet.

“We’ll fight again,” Eijirou says. “Next year. Sports Festival. We’ll fight again, and then, we’ll both be able to really give it our all.”

Todoroki’s face doesn’t change, but he nods. “Yeah. Let’s.”

Iida still isn’t there when the award ceremony comes around. Izuku stands with Cat in the field with the rest of the students; first, second, and third place—Kirishima’s, Todoroki, and Tokoyami respectively—stand on three separate podiums so they stand out from the rest of the students.

All Might leads the award ceremony. Tokoyami accepts his bronze metal with a respectful bow and thank-you. All Might compliments him on his hard work and strategy, then moves on.

Todoroki accepts his silver silently. All Might comments that the look on his face is completely different before, and that he knows Todoroki is going to be a fantastic hero. Todoroki doesn’t respond.

He settles the gold medal around Kirishima’s neck, and although Kirishima seems very reserved and almost regretful, he meets All Might’s eyes and accepts the medal with a firm, respectful nod.

Compared to the rest of the festival, it’s a simple, calm affair. The crowds give it up for the three finalists and the rest of the participating students, and once it’s all over, Izuku breaks away from the crowd silently.

“Hey, Midoriya.”

Izuku is on his way to check in with Recovery Girl one final time when Todoroki stops him. Izuku turns around to face him, curious, but not surprised. The look on Todoroki’s face is totally different than before, soft and expressional as opposed to hard and confrontational.

“What is it?” Izuku asks.

Todoroki looks down for a long moment. He’s holding his silver medal by the lanyard. “...Why’d you do it?”

Izuku frowns. “Do what?”

“Why did you give up the Sports Festival just so you could help me?”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“Midoriya.” Todoroki’s fist tightens around the lanyard. “You won the match. But you made me use my left side. You could have won without pushing yourself that hard. You might still have been able to move on if you didn’t say what you said. I want to know why you helped me. Why you’ve been helping me, even before now. You gave me that knife and showed me something personal. You got me to go with the amusement park with everyone. Hell, you made me pose with you on the rollercoaster. Why?”

“Why?” Izuku repeats, and shakes his head with a sharp exhale. “It’s because you looked like me, Todoroki. At the time, I didn’t know the extent of what you’d been through, but...I looked at you, and I saw myself. That’s why.”

Todoroki is silent for a long while. “...I don’t know what I’m going to do from here on,” he admits, “but...thanks to you...my head is clearer now. I think I can start finding my way, deciding the kind of person I want to become.”

“That’s good,” Izuku says, nodding. “I’m happy for you. My face might not look like it but I am.”

“Me too,” Todoroki says, and he sighs. “I...guess my face is kind of broken, too.”

Izuku snorts. “Yeah, I can see that. Just one more thing we have in common.”

Todoroki exhales through his nose sharply in something that could be interpreted as a laugh. “In all seriousness, though, thank you,” he says, lifting his head a little higher. “I don’t know how you did it, but you got through to me.”

“Don’t mention it,” Izuku says. There’s a pause. “...Hey, do you wanna spar with me sometime? In the forest?”

Todoroki blinks at him, startled. “Where did that come from?”

“Kirishima and I spar sometimes,” Izuku says with a shrug, “and I offered to help Shinsou from General Studies learn some more hand to hand combat, so I just figured if you wanted to, we could.”

Todoroki looks down for a long moment, contemplating. When he raises his head again, it’s with a nod.

“That sounds fantastic,” he says. “Thank you.”

Victory. They exchange numbers, and with that, they go their separate ways. The “threat to himself” is completely gone now. Todoroki is moving forward toward his future, and Izuku couldn’t be happier for him.

“Heya, Gold Medal,” Izuku says, sliding up to Kirishima.

Kirishima jumps and whirls around to stare. “How long have you been there?” he gasps, holding a hand over his chest. They’re outside now; Izuku found Kirishima by one of the vendors, window-shopping.

“About five minutes,” Izuku says, looking over his shoulder. “Whatcha doing?”

“Nothing!” Kirishima says quickly—too quickly. Izuku quirks an eyebrow. “I said nothing!” Kirishima insists, nodding as though to back it up. “Really!”

“Uh-huh.” Izuku nods mockingly. “Dig that hole deeper for yourself, why don’tcha.”

Kirishima heaves a long groan, shoulders slumping. “Why you gotta do this to me, man.”

“There they are! Izuku, Eijirou!”

The two of them turn; they’re approached hastily by Mom, Haruka, and Takeda. The three of them are beaming, through Izuku notices Mom seems a bit frazzled. Considering the events of the festival, Izuku can’t really blame her.

“First place!” Takeda swoops Kirishima into his arms, holding tightly. Kirishima lets out a strangled little yelp. “I can’t tell you how proud I am of you, son!”

“T-Thanks, Dad—” Kirishima strains, trying to wriggle free. “Um—choking—Izuku, help—”

Takeda lets him go, and Kirishima breathes in exaggerated gasps, though he’s smiling like a fool. Izuku rolls his eyes good-naturedly.

“You did really well, Izuku,” Mom says, beaming at him. She seems a tad worried, even now, but she’s definitely more excited than concerned. “You made it so far. I’m really proud of you. And you, too, Eijirou-kun.” She turns to him with the same smile. “Congratulations on first place.”

Kirishima beams back at her. “Thanks, Inko-san!”

“Have you met Haruka and Takeda?” Izuku asks, curious, and Mom, as well as Kirishima’s parents, nod immediately.

“We met about mid-way into the festival,” Haruka says, turning to Mom with a smile. “Right after you and Todoroki fought.”

“Neato,” Izuku says. Kirishima laughs.

“I’ve got an idea,” Takeda says, turning to each of them in turn. “Why don’t we go out somewhere special together? You know, maybe a ramen place—or, there’s this little soda shop Eijirou keeps telling us we need to try…”

“The soda shop!” Kirishima exclaims, as though it were his idea. “Hey, that’s great! We should definitely do that! What do you think, Inko-san?”

Mom laughs softly and nods. “That sounds like a wonderful idea to me,” she says. “Izuku?”

He’s tired, but never let it be said he turned down an opportunity like this. “Sounds good,” he says with a nod. “When do you wanna head out?”

“As soon as you’re both ready,” Takeda answers. “Is there anything you need to grab before we go?”

“I’m good!” Kirishima says with a thumbs-up, then turns to Izuku. “What about you?”

“Not that I know of…” Izuku reaches into his pockets for a moment. “I don’t think I left anything—”

Except that’s when he notices he only has one pen in his pocket.

He carries three with him—a green one, a blue one, and a purple one. He’d given the purple one to Ochako after her match, which means he should have two pens in his pocket, but…

“Actually, I’m missing something,” he says, lifting his head. “I’ll be right back.”

“Alright,” Mom says, nodding, and she takes Cat’s leash when he hands it to her. “We’ll wait for you here.”

Izuku nods, spins on his heel, and heads back into the stadium. He knows it’s just a pen, but still; it’s one of the pens Ochako gave him, and despite the fact he has more at home, he doesn’t want to part with it.

Tenya is in a hurry. Stuffing his PE clothes into his duffel bag and leaving them in the prep room to grab some other time, he races down the hall against his own self-set “no running” rule. His heart is pounding. His phone sits heavily in his pocket.

As he turns the corner sharply, he bashes right into Midoriya.

It doesn’t actually affect him, but Midoriya, who is smaller and lighter than him, stumbles back with a sharp cry that sounds somewhere between surprise and pain. Tenya feels a sharp stab of something in his chest, but even this is just a distraction.

“I’m sorry, Midoriya,” Tenya amends quickly, hands hovering by his friend, uncertainly. “I’m sorry, I wasn’t paying attention—I really need to go, I’m sorry—”

He makes to move past him, but Midoriya’s hand snakes out and snatches his wrist. Tenya turns around to look at him, ready to tell him to let go, but that’s when he actually meets Midoriya’s eyes.

He looks... scared.

“Iida,” he says, and his voice shakes. “Iida, what’s going on?”

“Nothing,” Tenya says, and the lie slips easily from his tongue. “It’s a family thing, Midoriya, something came up unexpectedly, it’s not a big deal—”

Midoriya’s fingers tighten around his wrist. “You’re lying to me.”

It hits hard, but not nearly hard enough. “I’m fine,” Tenya insists, snapping his hand from Midoriya’s grip as though for emphasis. The look in Midoriya’s eyes is haunting, but Tenya shakes it off. “I have to go. Don’t worry about me. It’s fine.”

He spins on his heel and races off. Midoriya doesn’t try to follow him.

As Izuku stares at Iida’s retreating back, getting further and further away, he feels something in the pit of his stomach. A heavy, very real something, rising into his chest and then further than that, up into his throat to choke him.

He wants to call out to him, he wants to stop him, but he can’t. He can’t move, he can’t speak. All he can do is stare and suffocate as the words threat to himself roll off Iida in waves.
Chapter 27
Notes:

    Aaaa welcome back, guys! Thanks for all your comments last chapter! I'm like 99% sure I replied to all of them, but if I missed a couple, I'm really sorry!! Thanks for all the continued support! <3 And I'll be honest, I'm not, like....100% sure how I feel about this chapter....? So I'm sorry if it's not as good as the others!

    Before we get into it, art!!

    Lilac (Warning for some mild blood)

    Thank you so much!! \o/ I hope you all enjoy the chapter! :D

Chapter Text

Izuku hits the ground, and a rush of breath leaves his lungs. Panting, he pushes himself upright, palms braced against the forest floor. Standing over him is Todoroki, also breathing hard to regain his breath, though he seems less worn out and more concerned.

“When you said you wanted to start sparring with me,” Todoroki pants, turning to face him fully, “I didn’t think I’d beat you this much. Is something wrong?”

Izuku is too focused on getting his breath back to answer. He loves sparring, especially sparring like this, with his friends, but right now, he feels incredibly sick and unsettled.

“...Hey.” Todoroki snaps by his face, not close enough to startle him but close enough to get his attention. “You’re zoning out. Are you okay?”

“Yeah, I’m fine,” Izuku lies, getting to his feet. “You wanna go again?”

Todoroki’s frown doesn’t let up. “I don’t know you all that well,” he says, “but I know you’re not usually like this. Just yesterday, you were able to get behind me and dislocate my arm like it was easy. You can’t tell me there’s nothing wrong here now.”

“Well, I’m telling you,” Izuku snaps, irritated. “Do you wanna go again, or not?”

Todoroki sighs, but ultimately decides he’s better off not arguing. “Fine. We’ll go again. But if you keep zoning out in the middle of the fight, it’s gonna do more bad than good.”

“I’m aware of that. Now hit me.”

Todoroki throws the punch, and Izuku dodges.

Izuku hasn’t spoken with Iida since yesterday. He hasn’t been able to get it out of his head, either. Every instinct told him that Iida was a threat to himself. But it doesn’t make any sense why it would come on so suddenly, not unless something happened.

Except, later on that day, as he’s lying on his bed scrolling through the news aimlessly with Cat and his kittens, he understands. When he refreshes the page out of habit, a new article pops up.

The Hero Ingenium: Travesty in Hosu

Izuku shoots upright, startling Teacup, who’d been curled on his chest. The article goes on; he reads it like his life depends on it, soaking in every detail. Hosu City. Ingenium, Iida’s older brother, the person who found and rescued Izuku all those years ago, was attacked. Attacked and maimed. 

Cat, sleeping on the edge of his bed, also looks up in alarm. Without waiting, Izuku closes out of the news and opens his contacts. Within moments, his phone is buzzing, and he holds it against his ear.

“Hello?” comes Iida's voice, hesitant. He sounds exhausted.

Izuku doesn’t sugarcoat it or beat around the bush. “Hey, Iida, I just saw the news.”

Iida goes silent for a time. “...Midoriya, I'm really sorry I didn't tell you, but—”

“No, I get it. You were worried about your brother. It's okay.”

Once again, Iida is quiet.

“Are you going to be at school tomorrow?” Izuku asks.

“Probably,” Iida responds. “My brother...he'll live. He'll be alright. I just need some...time. To...come to grasps with it all.”

“I get it,” Izuku says, nodding. “Let me know if you need anything, okay? I know we haven't been friends for very long, but I'm here for you.”

Iida doesn't say anything for a long time. When he finally does, his voice is thick.

“Thank you. That...that means a lot to me. I appreciate it.”

“Anytime,” Izuku says, and after a goodbye, Iida hangs up. Izuku drops his phone to the bed and draws his knees against his chest. He thought maybe hearing Iida’s voice would make him feel better, but he’d never been more wrong.

Iida is at school the next day. He doesn't speak to anyone, and very few people actually try; most, if not all of them, have seen the news and are trying to give him space.

So, instead of fretting over Iida, they buzz about the sports festival. Izuku tunes it all out. They could be talking directly to him and he probably wouldn't notice.

Aizawa enters the classroom, and everyone scrambles into their seats and acts like they’ve been there the entire time. Aizawa regards the group skeptically, then takes his place at the front of the room.

“As most of you already know,” Aizawa begins, getting straight to the point as always, “you first years will be participating in week-long internships at the hero agency of your choice. Some of you have already received offers from certain agencies in light of the Sports Festival, but if you didn’t, don’t worry. We’ll supply you with a list of agencies accepting interns. Now.” Aizawa swipes a remote control from the desk and presses a button; a screen drops down in front of the blackboard. “Your results.”

At the top of the list is Todoroki with the most offers. Second to him is Kirishima, not too far behind. Izuku finds his own name without much hassle; he has a couple thousand offers, but nothing too spectacular.

Huh, he thinks, leaning his elbow on the desk and resting his cheek against his hand. It’s more than what I expected. But, I suppose I did beat Todoroki in a fight, even though I couldn’t move on...that’s probably a big deal.

“Those of you who received offers will be picking your agency based on people who’ve scouted you,” Aizawa says, darkening the screen once more with a click of the remote. “I’ll be handing out papers later. For now, you’ll all be picking and choosing hero names.”

There’s a beat.

And then, just as Izuku snaps his hands up to cover his ears, the entire class erupts into cheers.

Midnight is there to help them decide on their hero names. She explains it simply enough; passing out canvases and markers, she tells the students that they will each take turns presenting their hero names to the entire class.

Some approach it with readiness, having planned for this moment their entire lives. Others, like Izuku, puzzle and ponder.

He’s never thought about his hero name. Not even once. It was like his costume: something so far into the future that he could never see the day actually arriving. Yet here he is, with a canvas in front of him and a pen in his hand, and he has to make his choice.

Tsuyu goes first, announcing her hero name to the class and earning a roar of approval from her peers. After that, one by one, the students continue in like manner. Midnight offers tips and suggestions wherever she sees fit, and the students accept the improvements readily.

Todoroki goes with his first name, “Shouto.” When it’s Iida’s turn, he surprises Izuku by doing the same thing. Iida had always struck Izuku as the kind of person to have everything figured out beforehand. His hero costume is well-structured and detailed. It doesn’t seem like Iida for him to pick his first name as his hero title.

Except, with recent events…

The pit in Izuku’s stomach begins to grow, and he shakes himself out of it as best as he can. He’ll call Iida again later. Maybe they can meet after school and get a soda or something. For now, though, if he wants to keep from spiraling, he can’t think about it.

And then it’s Bakugou’s turn, and Izuku is surprised yet again. Bakugou has been odd today; he usually has a big presence in the classroom, but Izuku hadn’t even noticed him until this very moment.

Bakugou flips around his canvas. The word “Katsuki” is written in plain, blocky letters.

“What is it with you kids and choosing your given names for your hero titles?” Midnight questions, looking personally offended, but she sighs. “If that’s really what you wanna go with, I won’t make a fuss, but remember, hero names tend to stick. If you want to change it later, you’re gonna have a harder time.”

Bakugou doesn’t say anything. He returns to his seat in silence.

“That leaves only a few more to go,” Midnight says, looking over the room. “Kirishima, are you ready?”

“Yeah.” Kirishima gets to his feet and makes his way to the front of the room. “I’ve had this one planned for a while…”

He turns the canvas for everyone to see.

“Red Riot,” Kirishima reads off. “In homage to the hero, Crimson Riot.”

Midnight’s gaze softens, and she smiles. “Quite the burden you’re putting on yourself, there,” she says, stepping forward. “If you pick this name, you’re going to have to live up to it.”

“Don’t worry, I will.” Kirishima grins and balls his fist, confident. “I’m gonna be the greatest hero I can.”

“Good on you!” Midnight says with a thumbs-up and a smile, and Kirishima beams a little brighter as he returns to his seat. “Next up…?”

Izuku goes back to examining the canvas while the next student goes up to share their name. Subconsciously, he taps the pen against his desk, thinking. He’s never thought about his hero name before now, and quite frankly, he has no idea what to do.

And then, a moment later, it comes to him, and he begins scribbling on the canvas.

“Midoriya!”

Izuku jumps, his pen hand nearly ruining the entire canvas . “Yeah?”

“Are you ready?” Midnight asks. “You’re the last one now.”

“Oh, y-yeah, I’m ready.” Izuku slides to his feet and makes his way to the front of the room, standing before the desk and facing his classmates. He feels their eyes on him, but does his best to ignore it.

Taking a deep breath, he flips around the canvas.

The Blade Hero: Kitten

“Ooh, original!” Midnight says, snapping her fingers. “Works with the aesthetic you’ve got going, too! I like it! A great way to finish us off!”

The class whoops and claps for him, and Izuku lets out a huge rush of breath. In the end, he thinks it’s a perfect name. He can’t think of anything that would be better.

As the school day progresses, Iida’s near overwhelming “threat to himself” gives Izuku a headache. One of the worst headaches he's ever had, even . After their second class of the day, Izuku has a post-it note on the corner of his desk at all times. In the background at some point, he hears Sero ask Kirishima what it means, and Kirishima fills him in quietly.

“It has to do with PTSD. The post-it note is basically just something for the teachers to look for so they don’t call on him.”

“Oh...is he okay?”

“I dunno…” He catches Kirishima’s concerned gaze out of the corner of his eye, and Izuku shakes his head and signs a small I don’t want to talk. Kirishima nods and goes back to what he’d been doing, but he’s obviously worries.

During lunch, Izuku can’t eat and scribbles on his forearms instead. Iida is dead-silent across from him, and Izuku’s headache is starting to turn into something much worse. He feels sick.

“Hey, it’s almost the weekend now, isn’t it?” Ochako asks, setting down her chopsticks. “If you guys are free, we should all go out for soda. You know. Together.”

It’s Todoroki who responds first, which surprises Izuku. Today is Todoroki’s first day sitting at their table and he still doesn’t know the group all that well.

“Soda?” Todoroki repeats.

“There’s this really nifty little shop downtown,” Kirishima answers, mouth full of rice. “Izuku and I hit it often, but it might be something fun to do with all of us, now that the Sports Festival thing has blown over.”

“I’m available for the weekend,” Tsuyu says, nodding. “Iida?”

Iida is quiet for a long moment. “...For a bit,” he says. “I think I can be there for a bit.”

Everyone else is available likewise, and they plan for 2pm that Saturday. Izuku is looking forward to it, as usual, but his thrill is shrouded by the gnawing hole in his heart and the growing pit in his stomach.

“Hey, Midoriya?” He hears the bathroom door open and shut, followed by footsteps he isn’t quite familiar with. “You in here?”

Izuku doesn’t want to answer. He’d just finished losing his breakfast, and with his once again wrecked emotional state and appearance, he doesn’t want anyone to find him, let alone Kaminari.

“Midoriya? Are you sick?”

izuku doesn’t want to answer that, either.

Kaminari must have followed him. Izuku doesn’t know how he managed to break away from Cementoss’ class when he barely managed to get a hall pass in time, but either way. He doesn’t know if Kaminari’s being here is a good thing or not.

“I-I’m fine,” Izuku heaves, hating how his voice shakes, and he leans against the wall, sitting on the floor by the toilet. “I’m really fine, d-don’t worry.”

“Umm, you don’t sound fine.” He sees Kaminari’s shoes, right outside his stall. “Are you really okay?”

Izuku wants to say that he is, but acid replaces the words in his throat, and soon he’s diving for the toilet again. Outside, Kaminari’s confusion and concern is replaced with panic.

“Hey, hey! Are you really okay!? Midoriya!” He knocks on the door frantically, almost like his own life depends on it. “Hey, man, open up!”

“G-Go away,” Izuku croaks, leaning against the wall again now that the fit has passed. “I’m fine, just go away.”

“Heck no, you sound really sick! Either you let me in or I’ll go get Aizawa-sensei!”

That, that is a genuine threat. Izuku would definitely rather deal with Kaminari than have Aizawa get on his case, and as much as he wants to be alone, to hide from the world, there’s a nagging part of him that knows he needs help.

So.

He gets to his feet, sways for a moment, then slides back the lock. Kaminari’s eyes meet his own, and immediately, Kaminari blanches.

“You look horrible,” he breathes, wide-eyed. He reaches out and takes Izuku by the forearm, guiding him out of the stall (Izuku has to resist the urge to pull away). “What even happened? You were fine earlier—” He stops abruptly. “Or—Or were you?”

Izuku swallows back the acidic taste in his mouth and shakes his head.

“Okay,” Kaminari shakes his head, too, “okay, uhh, here, just—sit down a sec. Let me know if you’re gonna be sick again.”

Izuku nods and sinks to the floor, leaning against the wall. He closes his eyes to block out some of the vicious pounding in his head, but his mind is still racing with thoughts of Iida and Ingenium and the Hero Killer as a whole. The entire incident is wrecking him. He still doesn’t know what’s wrong with Iida. He still doesn’t know why Iida is a threat to himself.

He hears running water, and then a damp paper towel is pressed against his forehead. “Hang tight,” Kaminari’s voice murmurs, very close but somehow very far away. “I’ll be right back. I’m really sorry, man, but this...this is beyond me. You’re really sick.”

He’s gone before Izuku can stop him.

He must have dozed off or blacked out, because the next time he wakes up, Aizawa is kneeling in front of him, forehead creased in concern.

“Midoriya.” He snaps his fingers by his ear. “Hey. You with me, kid?”

Izuku blinks at him tiredly. Kaminari stands nearby, eyes worried, hands wrung together. Izuku wonders how long it’s been since he left.

Aizawa's hand grasps his shoulder and shakes him, just slightly. “Midoriya.”

It's only now he realizes he hadn't answered. “S-Sorry, I'm okay,” Izuku says, shaking his head. “M'okay…”

“Yeah, no you're not. I'm taking you to Recovery Girl's office, and then you're going home. Sorry.”

He doesn't sound very sorry, Izuku thinks, but that hardly matters. An arm goes beneath his knees; another, around his shoulders. Normally he’d pull away, but this is Aizawa. He doesn’t mind it.

“Kaminari, run ahead and tell Recovery Girl we're on the way. Hustle.”

Kaminari nods and takes off, and Aizawa takes in a deep breath before hoisting Izuku into his arms. Izuku doesn't even have the strength to protest.

“You're heavier than before,” Aizawa murmurs as he walks. “That's good, but you're still neglecting your health a great deal. What am I going to do with you, huh?”

Izuku doesn't know and can't answer; black clouds his vision again, and he goes under.

Recovery Girl doesn't even seem angry with him when Aizawa brings him in and settles him on one of the infirmary beds. Actually, as she sorts through a stack of papers on the desk, she seems quite concerned.

“You don't have a fever,” she murmurs, more to herself than to Izuku. “Well, either way, I'm calling your mother to come pick you up. The school day is almost over anyway, and you shouldn't be here if you're feeling like this…”

There's a knock at the door, tentative, and Recovery Girl hollers that they can enter.

A second later, Kirishima, Kouda, Todoroki (which surprises him), Ochako, and Tsuyu enter the infirmary. Iida isn't there, and all this does is further fuel Izuku's fear.

“What happened?” Kirishima demands, the first to break the silence and cross the room. “Are you okay, Izuku?”

I’m fine, Izuku says, but his head spins. He’s glad for Kouda and Kirishima’s understanding of Sign; he doesn’t really feel like talking much right now. Just worked myself up a little. Got sick. Not a big deal. I’m going home.

Kirishima doesn’t look much less worried, but he nods. “That’s good. You’ll be able to rest, at least.”

“What did he say?” Tsuyu asks, and while Kirishima fills her in, Kouda steps forward.

Should we cancel the plans for the weekend? he asks, movements small and easy to read. Or reschedule?

Izuku shakes his head. I should be okay, he says. I’m going home and resting. I should be fine by then.

They don’t seem entirely reassured, but they don’t question him, either. He’s glad.

Rainbow actually snuck in the car. That’s the first thing Izuku notices as he hops into the backseat with Cat. Rainbow is sitting there, as obedient as any dog, and when Izuku is seated, Rainbow crawls into his lap and bumps his chin with her head.

“You in?” Mom asks, and when Izuku nods, she shuts the side door and clammers into the front seat. After starting the car, she does a three-point turn and speeds down the highway in the opposite direction of the school.

Rainbow bumps her forehead against Cat’s, and when they’ve come to this understanding, Rainbow returns to Izuku’s lap and curls there, purring to her heart’s content. Izuku strokes his fingers through her fur; as much as he loves Cat, there’s something very special about having a tiny ball of pure fluff snuggled against him. He’ll always be a cat person at heart.

When he gets home, Izuku is absolutely exhausted. He faceplants the couch, not bothering to make it all the way to his room, and he feels Mom pull a quilt around his shoulders moments before he drops off to sleep.

He feels a little better the next day. He hasn’t tossed his cookies since U.A., which is nice, but he still feels a little out of it. Mom calls in sick for him that Thursday morning, which leaves him to stay home to rest with Cat and his kittens, who can never seem to snuggle close enough to him. He’s started talking again, too, though his voice is a wreck. 

“Are you sure you’re alright?” Mom asks him, sitting on the edge of the couch. “How do you feel?”

“I feel…” Awful. “...I’m...getting there, at least. One of my friends is going through some family stuff, so that’s...that’s hard.”

Mom nods slowly. “Yeah...well, let me know if there’s anything I can do.”

“I will. Thanks.”

She smiles sympathetically and leaves the room. Izuku hears her footsteps with a weird amount of clarity; when the door shuts, it’s especially loud. He blames his accursed headache.

At least he feels better the next day.

He’s gotten used to the antiseptic smell. That’s really the one upside Tensei has been able to find during his time in the hospital. That, and he’s gotten so many letters and cards from worried but encouraging fans. They’re all placed gently on the bedside table, where he can reread them as many times as he wants.

He isn’t in the ICU anymore, either. That’s another upside. And, with support, he’s able to sit up a little. That’s more than he’d been able to do the day following the accident, when he’d first regained consciousness. He’d always respected them, but healing Quirks really are something. He’s realizing that now more than ever.

The door of his room opens. Tensei looks up as the doctor walks in.

“Afternoon, Tensei-san,” the doctor says, pulling the door to behind him. “How are you feeling today?”

“Well,” Tensei answers honestly. “This is the best I’ve felt since getting out of the ICU, so I can’t complain.”

“Ahh, I’m glad.” The doctor nods, then jots something down on his clipboard. “Listen, this might be sudden, but there’s someone in the waiting room who’d really like to see you if you’re up to it.”

Tensei’s brows furrow. “...Who…?”

“A boy named Midoriya Izuku,” the doctor replies shortly. “He says he has no blood relation to you, but he’s dead-set on seeing you if you’ll have him. He’s been in the waiting room since this morning.”

It’s around 1pm now. To hear that someone’s been waiting literal hours, just to see him, fills his chest with warmth.

“That’s great,” Tensei says, nodding. “Send him in.”

The doctor departs with a smile, and returns about ten minutes later with the boy in question.

Tensei doesn’t know why that name didn’t ring a bell. He’d known it before. He thought it’d sounded familiar. But with everything going on, it’d been placed in the back of his mind.

Now, though, as the doctor backs out of the room and the boy stares down at his shoes, Tensei recognizes him. He’d recognized him from the moment he stepped foot in the room.

“You’re—Midoriya Izuku,” Tensei says, wishing he could sit up straighter and properly greet his visitor. “You—Wow, you—You’ve grown up, haven’t you? Man...”

He hasn’t actually seen the kid since rescuing him, and back then was…

Yeah. Not the best terms on which to meet someone.

Midoriya swallows hard. He’s wearing a hoodie, but there’s some kind of pen marking on his wrists, purple and blue and green. There’s a little heart on the side of his cheek, too, right over one of his scars. He meets Tensei’s eyes, and there’s something about his gaze that stabs Tensei right in the heart.

“...Do you want to sit down?” Tensei offers, flicking his fingers towards the stool by the bedside. After a long pause, Midoriya crosses the room and takes a seat, though he still seems uncomfortable.

“Hey, you don’t have to tread around me like I’m glass,” Tensei says with a warm grin, hoping to lighten the mood. “Why not try for a smile, yeah? It’ll make us both feel better.”

“I can’t smile,” Midoriya says softly. At least he’s talking now. “My face doesn’t really let me. I’m sorry.”

Tensei frowns and bites his lip. “So...did you...want to talk about something, or…?”

Midoriya is silent for a time, but then he nods. “I wanted...I wanted to say thank you,” he says, “for saving me all those years ago. I never actually had the chance to say that.”

“Ahh, don’t worry about it,” Tensei says, shaking his head. “If I was doing it just because I wanted a couple thank-yous, I wouldn’t’ve become a hero.” Except… He considers his condition. I guess that doesn’t really matter anymore…

Midoriya goes quiet again. “...I guess, but...I just...I still wanted to say something. I never had the chance to before, and I thought now, maybe…”

Tensei can’t help but smile. “Well, I’ll accept it,” he says lightly. “Thanks, kiddo. I do appreciate it.” He pauses, thinks for a moment. “Hey, you’re...you’re friends with Tenya, aren’t you? He’s mentioned you a couple times.”

Midoriya tenses, but his stoic face doesn’t change, and he nods. “I am,” he says, then looks down again. “He’s...not really talking to me right now. I’ve been texting him, but...he just…”

Tensei bites his lip. “Yeah, I know. He’s always been the kind of person to internalize stuff like this and, y’know...never bring it to light. He hasn’t visited me at all since day one, and I get it, but...I’m worried. Guess you’re probably worried, too, huh?”

Midoriya swallows. The answer is obvious. “...I can do my best to look after him,” he says, “like I’ve been doing, but...he just…”

“Hey.” Midoriya raises his head, and Tensei’s smile turns soft. “Just you keeping an eye on him goes a long way. My brother’s pretty thick-headed and one-track minded, but...hearing that you’re looking after him makes me feel better. So don’t sell yourself short.”

Midoriya blinks twice. It’s the first time his expression has actually changed since he got in here. “...Alright,” he says, nodding. “I’ll keep looking after him.”

“Thanks, kiddo. Means the world to me.”

Izuku’s brain is fried. His emotions are frayed. He constantly feels like he’s being strangled, and nothing around him feels entirely real. He feels like he’s a walking, wandering phantom, dead but cohesive, with thoughts and feelings.

When he gets home after visiting Iida’s older brother in the hospital, he knows he should feel better. But he doesn’t. He feels worse. There’s something very wrong with Iida and Izuku just fixed this problem with Todoroki. Now he’s at it again and he doesn’t know how to fix it this time.

Mom is worried, but she doesn’t outright say it. She doesn’t really need to; Izuku can tell just by looking at her; but still. The fact that he’s worrying her only stacks up with everything else he’s got going on.

After dinner, out of his own morbid curiosity, he goes up to his room, shuts the bathroom door, and takes his temperature.

38.6

Izuku swallows back the bile in his throat. His eyes burn. 

No…

He sets the thermometer down and steadies himself on the edge of the counter. He feels like everything is crashing down around him.

No, I can’t do this now. I can’t do this now. Don’t do this to me.

Except, the thermometer doesn’t lie. It’s only a matter of time, now.

Cat somehow gets into the bathroom, even though Izuku had closed the door securely behind him, and when Cat’s head bumps his hand, Izuku jumps, startled.

“How’d…?”

Cat licks his hand, and Izuku releases a shaky breath through his teeth and shakes his head feverishly.

Maybe he’ll be okay. Maybe he’ll wake up tomorrow and everything will be okay after all. Maybe, just this once. Just this once is all he asks for.

“C-C’mon, Cat, let’s—let’s go to bed.”

Cat doesn’t reply, of course, and Izuku shuts off the bathroom light, retreats into his bedroom, and flops on his bed. He’s immediately surrounded by his kittens, and Cat’s massive weight dips the mattress by his feet.

He curls up on his side with the cats and squeezes his eyes shut, praying for morning to come quickly.

He wakes up in the middle of the night feeling like he’s been set on fire. Outside, there’s a crack of lightning and the subsequent roll of thunder. His cats have their claws dug either into his hoodie or into the duvet; Cat is sitting up, ears perked, and Izuku’s heart feels like it’s trying to pound right out of his chest.

He doesn’t need to check his temperature. He isn’t quite over the breaking point—his Quirk hasn’t been unleashed—but it’s coming soon. He can feel it. There’s no stopping it. A Quirk suppressant would only last as long as the dose allows it. Then it’s back to square one.

He drags himself out of bed and changes out of his bright hoodie into a darker one. He won’t be spotted as easily this way, wearing a hoodie so dark blue that it’s almost black. He’s stuck with his light-up shoes, but that’s okay. He can move quickly. Right now he just needs to move.

His cats try following him as thunder rolls and lightning cracks, but he pushes them away, snatches a single syringe of Quirk suppressants from the desk for whenever his fever breaks, and throws open the window. He has to pop out the screen, but he’s done it enough times to be good at it.

He gets one foot out the window when Cat’s teeth clamp down gently on his wrist. It doesn’t hurt, but it’s grounding. Tugging.

“I have to go,” Izuku strains, feeling nauseous. The world around him spins. “Just, stay here. I’ll come back in a little while, just stay here.”

Cat lets him go, but he doesn’t stop there.

He starts barking.

“H-Hey—hey, stop!” Izuku hisses as loudly as he dares, but Cat doesn’t stop. If anything, he seems to bark louder. The noise pierces through Izuku’s ear like razor blades, and the pounding in his head goes up a notch, but—

“Izuku!? Are you okay!?”

Izuku grits his teeth, swings himself out the window the rest of the way, and as soon as his feet touch the pavement, he runs.

He runs, and the rain bites into his skin and the wind makes his teeth chatter. He runs until he can’t hear Cat’s barking or Mom calling his name. He runs until he can’t see the city. He runs until he’s soaked with rain and his headache makes him trip and stumble.

He runs until he’s all alone and his Quirk consumes him.

Saturday afternoon comes, and Eijirou is waiting with the others outside the soda shop. The sun is setting, but it’s blotted out by dark rain clouds. A soft but telling sprinkle of rain soaks the cement beneath them. It’d rained hard all last night, hard enough to wash out the roads and fill the gutters. Every time a car zooms past, they leap away from the street to avoid the spray of muddy water.

“I like the weather,” Tsuyu admits, turning to the group, “but it’s a shame it had to happen on our outing, since I know the rest of you don’t really enjoy it.”

They don’t. Tsuyu is the only person without an umbrella.

Todoroki stretches out a hand towards the sky. “It’s probably going to start raining again pretty soon,” he observes, frowning. “Are we sure Midoriya said he could make it? Does someone wanna text him?”

“I texted him yesterday,” Uraraka says, fishing out her phone to double check. “He said he’d be here today, so I don’t think it’s that.”

“Maybe the rain kept him,” Iida suggests; it’s actually the first time he’s spoken since they arrived.

Unlikely, Kouda says, shaking his head. He’d be walking, not driving. Besides, we’ve been here for a while. He should be here by now.

He should. Izuku should be here by now.  

“I’ll text him again,” Eijirou offers, whipping out his phone and swiping at the screen. Already, dread has begun to pool in his stomach, but he tries not to let it show. “Maybe he forgot.”

That last part is a total lie. He knows Izuku didn’t forget. But he has to say something to reassure the others.

[Kirishima Eijirou]
Heyyy dude, we’re waiting for you at the soda shop. You on your way?
Or did you have another rough night and need to stay home? Either way it’s fine.

“Let’s see if he responds,” Eijirou concludes, darkening the screen and lowering his phone to his side. The others nod their agreement. Tsuyu catches rainwater on her tongue; Uraraka is playing with her Quirk, catching droplets in her hand, closing her fist around them, and then letting them float back into the sky. Eijirou notices Kouda talking to a bird sitting in the overhang of the roof, feathers ruffled with water. No one else says anything.

And then, Eijirou’s phone dings, and he whips his phone back in front of his face so quickly that it actually hurts his arm.

“It’s Izuku,” Eijirou announces the second he sees the texter’s ID. Everyone immediately gathers around to look over his shoulder. “He says—”

He stops.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Eijirou, this is Inko. Izuku is gone.

His heart leaps into his throat. So do the contents of his stomach.

“Shit.”

“What?” Uraraka asks, wide-eyed. “What is it? What does she mean he’s gone?”

“He—” Eijirou’s heart is pounding. “He gets sick sometimes and can’t control his Quirk. He runs off because he doesn’t want to hurt anyone.”

“He what?” Tsuyu actually stammers, wide-eyed. “He just up and leaves? Where does he go?”

“I don’t know,” Eijirou says, shaking his head frantically. “I don’t know, nobody knows, oh, buddy, why—?”

“We should look for him!” Iida says immediately, with such seriousness and suddenness that everyone jumps. “He can’t have gone far, right? Especially if he’s already sick.”

“The guy is insane,” Eijirou snaps, angry because he’s scared, “I don’t know where he is. He could be under the gutters right here and we’d never know.”

But we can’t NOT look for him, Kouda says, movements frantic. His hands are shaking. What are we supposed to do? Sit and just hope he comes back?

“I don’t know,” Eijirou says again, stuffing his phone back into his pocket. “I’ve got no idea. He could be literally anywhere and we’d have no clue—”

“You guys.”

Everyone looks toward Todoroki. His eyes are wide.

“...I think I know where Midoriya is.”  

They’re running. It’s raining harder now than before, and the sun has completely set, which leaves the forest shrouded in darkness. Todoroki is leading the way with Eijirou’s blue flashlight. The group doesn’t even dodge the mud puddles.

“How do you know where he is?” Uraraka gasps, before tripping over a jutting root in the forest. She would’ve fallen if it weren’t for Kouda’s hand snaking out to steady her shoulder.

“He’s brought me here a few times,” Todoroki answers, panting as they run. Mud splashes around them as they trample through a puddle. “It’s more of a hunch than anything, but, if I’m right—”

“A hunch is better than anything else we’ve got!” Iida hollers, more serious and business-like than Eijirou’s ever seen him.   "Lead the way, Todoroki, we're right behind you!"

They run, tearing through the forest, weaving in between trees and stampeding through mud puddles. They run until they feel it.

And then, they push through it, further on. Forward. Closer. Closer.

Inko is rushing frantically around the house, bustling to and fro and preparing to head out to search for her son. Cat is worried, following her around with his tail drooping and all Izuku's cats trailing behind him closely. Her thoughts are racing in time with her pounding heart. She doesn’t have time.  

She's just getting ready to head out when the door of the apartment swings open. She whirls around; a flash of lightning silhouettes several figures. She recognizes them.

In the front, Tenya has Izuku in his arms.

Inko's heart goes right to her stomach, and she runs forward as the rain-drenched students hasten into the apartment.

“We found him in the forest,” Tenya says, out of breath. “He had a Quirk suppressant with him. Kirishima injected it, but he’s been unconscious since then.”

Inko reaches out, touching Izuku’s face with her fingertips. Then, "The couch," she says, when her voice works again. "The couch, right over here—"

She guides the group over, barely giving a second thought to the fact that they're all thoroughly soaked. Tenya settles Izuku down on the couch with gentleness as though he were made of glass, and then Inko takes over, kneeling down and settling her hand over his forehead.

"He's definitely burning up," she breathes, chest tight. "You said he had a Quirk suppressant?"

"Y-Yeah." It's Eijirou who answers, looking thoroughly shaken. "Maybe ten, twenty minutes ago."

"That should keep him out for a little while longer," Inko murmurs, “but…” She bites her lip. Izuku is pale, shivering, with all his scars white as snow. She would expect some kind of feverish flush considering his temperature, but what’s more scary is the fact that there’s no color in his face whatsoever.

Inko singles out Eijirou and Tenya, who are fidgeting restlessly more than anyone else.

"There are blankets in the hall closet," Inko says firmly, giving them something to do besides stand there and fret. "Bring enough for everyone, you're all soaked."

Eijirou and Tenya nod and speed off.

"Ochako, Tsuyu, can you grab a bowl of cold water and a towel?"

Ochako and Tsuyu disappear into the kitchen.

"Excuse me, Ms. Midoriya—"

Inko turns from Izuku to the voice, and there is someone there she doesn't recognize. It's hard to make out in the dark, but he seems to have two different colors of hair.  

"I have an ice Quirk," he says. "I can help lower his temperature."

"Oh." Inko remembers him now. Izuku had fought him at the Sports Festival. At first, she’s a bit wary, but the fact that he's with the group gives her all the comfort she needs to comply. "Alright,” she scoots over, just a bit, “but if he wakes up, move back. He can be...unpredictable.”

The boy nods and sits by her side, bringing his right hand to hover over Izuku's forehead.

“And you can call me Inko,” Inko says when she thinks about it. “Please.”

He stiffens for a moment, glancing at her out of the corner of his eye, but he turns back to Izuku a second later. “Alright. And you can call me Shouto."

Can I do anything? Kouji asks; he's surrounded by Izuku's pets. The cats won't stop meowing, and Cat keeps bumping his side. They're all really worried about him.

You're fine, Inko says. If you can try calming them down, that would definitely help.

"Got the blankets!" Eijirou trumpets in their way back in; Tenya is hot on his heels. Inko takes some of the blankets and spreads them over Izuku; the rest of them are distributed amongst the rest of them.

"I don't need a blanket," Shouto says, but Inko spreads one around his shoulders anyway. He doesn't protest.

"What should we do now?" Tsuyu asks, sitting on the floor beside the useless water basin. "Is there anything else?"

Inko bites her lip and shakes her head. "No," she says, sitting back. "Now we have to wait for him to wake up. If you want to leave—"

"No way," Eijirou says, shaking his head firmly. "I dunno about the rest of you, but I'm not going anywhere."

"Me neither," agrees Ochako, also nodding. "He wouldn't leave us and we're not going to leave him."

“I can help keep his fever down, probably,” Shouto says, looking to her, “so I’m not going anywhere anytime soon, either.”

It’s an unspoken agreement between the rest of them, also. None of them are leaving.

If Inko wasn’t so worried, she would’ve given more heed to the thought that her son has so many friends now who love and care about him despite his... yeah. Despite everything.

Except, that’s when she feels it. The beginning of Izuku’s Quirk beginning to gnaw at her senses. It starts small; the corners of her vision darken somewhat, and she feels a buzz against her ears, but that’s just enough for her to know.

The first three to notice it aside from her are Shouto, Tenya, and Eijirou, who have all felt the effects of Izuku’s Quirk before.

“Is...is his Quirk really that strong that he can use it while he’s unconscious?” Tenya asks, eyes wide. Inko bites her lip.

“He’s not ‘using’ it,” she says, shaking her head. “This is what happens when he gets sick. He loses any semblance of control he has over it. Sit back—”

That’s all she has to say before Izuku’s eyes snap open, and her senses are torn apart. Izuku’s eyes are wide and frightened, and it’s nearly impossible for Inko to force herself through the haze caused by her son’s Quirk.

“W-What—” There’s something heartbreaking about the break in his voice, the panic in his eyes. “W-What are you—”

“We found you,” Shouto says; he hasn’t moved his hand. No one has moved, actually. “We found you and you’re home now, Midoriya.”

“I-I don’t—” The panic in Izuku’s eyes is what really hurts. Even though his Quirk is tearing through their senses and making it hard to think or feel or even see, the fear in his voice is all too clear. “N-No, I can’t—I can’t be here, I—”

“You’re not going anywhere,” Eijirou cuts in, and he reaches out and grasps Izuku’s shoulder to both comfort and restrain him. “I don’t care what you say or what your Quirk does, you aren’t leaving this spot.”

This doesn’t help, and Izuku shifts. He seems as though he’s trying to sit up, but he doesn’t have the strength. “N-No, you don’t understand, I’m—you have to let me go, Kirishima, Mom, you guys, I can’t—”

It’s getting harder to ignore now, Izuku’s Quirk. Inko doesn’t know for how much longer they’ll be able to force themselves through it.

Ochako and Tsuyu link hands and sit closer. After a moment, Inko’s hand is enveloped by Tsuyu’s, and she squeezes back. It’s grounding, having something to hold onto, and pushing through the static becomes easier.

“Just, calm down,” Inko tries, reaching out and settling her free hand over Izuku’s cheek. WIth a start, she realizes he’s crying again, hot tears running over her fingertips. She’ll never get used to seeing him cry, never. “Calm down, Izuku, we can get through this. I promise you, we can get through this.”

“No we can’t,” Izuku chokes, then sucks in a shuddering breath and shakes his head feverishly. “We can’t, we can’t, we can’t, please, you have to let me go—”

“We’re not letting you go,” Shouto hisses, teeth snapped together. Ochako reaches out and settles a hand on his shoulder. Grounding him. “You’re going to have to deal with it because none of us are going anywhere. And neither are you.”

“I’m going to hurt you.” He isn’t threatening them. He says it like he’s stating a fact. “I’m going to hurt you, please, I can’t—d-don’t make me hurt you, please don’t make me hurt you—”

“You’re not hurting us,” Tenya says, voice thick. Kouda is by his side, as are Cat and all the kittens. “You’re not hurting us, Midoriya. It isn’t you.”

“I don’t want to hurt you,” Izuku sobs, shaking his head again. “Please let me go. You have to let me go.”

Eijirou swears under his breath and looks down, fiddling with something in his pocket. “Dammit, this was supposed to be a surprise for when we were at the soda shop together,” he says, digging around and finally fishing something out, “but—”

He slips a simple, red and green thread bracelet around Izuku’s wrist. He secures it, then links their fingers together.

“Friendship bracelets,” Eijirou murmurs, squeezing his hand. “Someone was selling them at the sports festival, so I grabbed a bunch of ‘em on the way out. We’re here for you, okay? We’ve gotcha.”

Izuku chokes on a sob and shakes his head again. It’s only now that Inko realizes Shouto has his hand pressed to Izuku’s forehead. “K-Kiri-chan—”

“We can plow through your damn Quirk,” Eijirou says firmly. “All of us, me, your mom, Todoroki, Iida, Kouda, Tsuyu, Uraraka, your freaking pets—and you too. We can plow through it, and we’re gonna plow through it. I know you’re used to running off when you’re sick but you don’t have to do that anymore. You’re not alone.”

Izuku doesn’t seem to be nearly as comforted by this as he should. He takes in a shuddering breath and stammers in a tone that strikes Inko right in the heart, “K-Kiri-chan, w-what—what if—”

“There aren’t any what-ifs, Izu-chan,” Tsuyu interrupts, and although her voice maintains the same pitch, it does shake. “There’s only what’s happening now. And right now, we can push through your Quirk. Right now, we’re okay.”

“I-I—” Izuku sucks in a sharp breath and shakes his head feverishly. “T-That could change any time, you don’t know—”

“Izu-chan.”

Izuku lets out a pained, desperate sob. “What?”

“Can I hold your hand?”

It’s a simple request, and from Tsuyu, who can’t help but be blunt no matter what, it’s even more so. Izuku breathes for a moment, still choking around his tears—but eventually, he breaks and nods feverishly, and Tsuyu releases Ochako’s hand and squeezes Izuku’s. A moment later, Ochako settles her hand over both Tsuyu’s and Izuku’s and leaves it there.

The kittens, meanwhile, seem to have decided that they’re through watching their beloved suffer, and they squeeze in between Inko and the students to hop on the couch to snuggle with Izuku. Cat sits beside the couch, nearly knocking over the side table in his attempt to get as close as he can, and he rests his chin on the arm of the couch, right by Izuku’s head.

It’s a weird kind of huddled mess they have here, with everyone sans Izuku kneeling on the floor, maintaining a chain with their hands and arms that keeps them connected somehow or another. Kouji and Tenya have hands on each other’s shoulders. Tenya is touching Shouto’s shoulder, and while Shouto has his own hand pressed to Izuku’s forehead, Ochako squeezes his forearm, her other hand settled over Izuku’s and Tsuyu’s. Tsuyu still hasn’t let go of Inko’s hand, and Inko now rests her free hand on Izuku’s knee. Izuku still has tears running down his pallid cheeks, but he isn’t trying to break free anymore. He isn’t begging them to let him go anymore. He isn’t panicking anymore.

It’s not an optimal arrangement, sitting soaked on the floor, wrapped in spare blankets from the hall closet and trying to force themselves through a Quirk whose wielder has no actual control over, but still. Even though it isn’t preferred, even though it’s difficult, even though they have to stop talking in order to focus on keeping each other grounded and keeping Izuku here, it doesn’t matter. They don’t care.

If there was ever a perfect picture of the personification of “love,” it would probably look something like this. As Izuku’s haywire Quirk continues to tear away at their senses, they grasp each other’s hands, shoulders, anything they can hold onto, and as Izuku grits his teeth while tears stream down his face, the others resolve to be his grounding, to be his strength as well as each other’s.

Now they just need to make it through the night.

When Izuku is feverish, it’s like his Quirk has full control over his mind and spirit. All he can do is run. All he can do is fear. Beyond that, his Quirk has full control. It wraps him in chains he can’t escape and squeezes until all he can do is suffocate. It slashes away at his emotions until all he can feel is fear and terror and pain. In times like this, when he can’t hold it back, when he doesn’t have a say in what it does, that it seems to grab him by the throat and choke out every good feeling, emotion, and thought he has.

Except now, it isn’t him and his Quirk. It’s him, his Quirk, and Mom, and Kiri-chan, and Todoroki, and Iida, and Ochako, and Tsuyu, and Kouda, and his pets.

His Quirk tries to strangle them away, too. It tries to pull Izuku into an abyss like it’s done many times before, with thoughts like, You’re all alone, you’re going to hurt them, you’re a monster, you have to get away, you have to run, you can’t hurt them, if you hurt them they’ll leave you, but there’s no denying the hands clasping his, the weight on his shoulders, the voices he hears. His Quirk can’t erase that.

So it’s war. His Quirk—its fear, its terror—is suddenly fighting against the love of his mom and his friends. Every bad thing he’s ever faced is clashing with all the good that’s come into his life.

Fear tells him that he’ll hurt them, that they’ll leave him.

They’re telling him the opposite. They’re telling him that they’ll never leave him. That they love him. It’s such a contrast to what he usually feels when he’s sick that he can’t actually process it with his fever-addled mind.

He can’t process it, and eventually, his exhausted body can’t handle the mental, emotional strain anymore. It finally, finally drags him under and forces him to sleep. His warring trains of thought fall away into the abyss, and soon after, his consciousness does the same.
Chapter 28
Notes:

    Hi guys! Thanks for all your continued support! \o/ I know I didn't get to responding to comments again and I'm sorry but all your support means the world to me, so thank you very much!! :D

    Before we get into it, art!!

    soggybonesarevalid

    ItsBy(M)e

    Thank you both so much!!! I hope you all enjoy the chapter! :D

Chapter Text

When Shouto wakes up, it’s dark and he’s on the floor.

Actually, they’re all on the floor; him, Iida, Kirishima, Uraraka, Kouda, Asui, and Midoriya’s mother. Midoriya himself is on the floor, too, squished between Kirishima and his dog with closed eyes and even breath.

Shouto sits up, the blanket slipping from around his shoulders, and he reaches over and touches Midoriya’s forehead lightly. Even with the conflicting temperatures within his own body, he can tell at once that Midoriya’s fever broke sometime during the night. The fact that he’s sleeping soundly and his Quirk isn’t tearing away at them proves that much.

It’s still dark, but 3:52am according to Shouto’s phone, so he lays down on the floor again and pulls the blanket back around himself. One of Midoriya’s many cats sneaks over to him, bops him on the head, then curls up right there by Shouto’s neck.

Shouto thinks the situation should be more awkward than it is. This is his first time in the Midoriya household. He’s only known Midoriya for a few weeks, and Inko for a few hours, but despite all that, he doesn’t feel out of place.

They’re all here for Midoriya, and with that common interest in mind, the awkwardness is erased.

The next time Shouto wakes up, Inko is gone, and everyone else is up and conversing—except Midoriya, who remains curled up on the floor with Cat and his cats, fast asleep.

“Hey, you’re up,” Kirishima says, knocking his fist against Shouto’s shoulder as he sits up. His voice is low and tired, but it carries a certain sense of ease and merriment. “Welcome back, man.”

“I can’t believe we all fell asleep on the floor,” Asui says, shaking her head. “I don’t actually remember falling asleep at all.”

“Me neither,” Iida murmurs. Shouto can’t help but study Iida’s face for a lingering moment; ever since he heard what happened to Iida’s brother, he’s been more on-edge. “I’ll probably be leaving shortly. I don’t want to overstay my welcome.”

“You’re fine.” Inko reappears from the kitchen, like she’d been eavesdropping the whole time. “You pulled an all-nighter with me and helped look after Izuku. At the very least, you can stay for breakfast.”

As much as Shouto hates imposing—especially considering he doesn’t know Midoriya Inko like the rest of them do—he can already tell she’s the kind of woman who’d win any argument you threw against her. She won’t take no for an answer.

So, they do stay for breakfast. While Midoriya sleeps, the rest of them sit in a semicircle on the floor and eat in silence. They’re all exhausted, as proof by the dark rings beneath their eyes and their slow speech and movements, but Midoriya is here and safe, and that makes it all worth it.

Midoriya does eventually stir and sit up, blinking long and slow like he hasn’t quite come to grasps with reality yet. He doesn’t look terrible, but he’ll definitely be down for the rest of the day. Probably for the majority of tomorrow, too.

“Hey, you’re awake!” Uraraka says—a bit too loudly, actually, but that’s okay. “How do you feel?”

Midoriya blinks at her again. It takes him time to compute. “I’m...weirdly okay…?” He pauses, blinks twice in rapid session. “How—how long have you all been here?”

“We stayed overnight,” Shouto answers shortly, stirring his rice with his chopsticks to avoid looking Midoriya in the eye. “We found you in the forest, remember? You were sick.”

“Oh…” Midoriya stares down at the ground. Considering his usual behavior, this strikes Shouto as odd. “I...thought it was some kind of a weird dream…” He looks up at them, each in turn. “You really...stayed here the whole time? Even though my Quirk…?”

“It really wasn’t that bad,” Kirishima says, shaking his head. “We were able to keep each other afloat, so we’re good. I’m just glad we found you when we did.”

Midoriya doesn’t seem to think the same, judging by the look on his face, but he nods anyway, then raises a hand. The bracelet Kirishima gave him yesterday is still securely on his wrist.

“...Definitely not a dream, then…” He lowers his arm back to his side and stares downward. His usual demeanor radiates confidence, power and mystery; his demeanor now reminds Shouto of a kicked animal waiting to be hit again. There’s something heartbreaking about it that he can’t quite put his finger on.

“I’m sorry I led everyone there,” Shouto says, if just to have something to say. “I know you entrusted me with the directions, and I know it was a private spot, but—”

Midoriya’s shaking head cuts him off. “I would’ve shown everyone eventually,” he says. “I’m—I guess I’m glad you found me, but...I don’t know what I actually did to you guys. I can’t remember if my Quirk actually... hurt you or not.”

“Like Kirishima said,” Iida interjects, “it really wasn’t that bad, and we were able to make it through together. I don’t speak for everyone, but I would certainly do it again if it meant knowing you were safe.”

The others are quick to nod their agreement. Midoriya stares at them, then exhales sharply and shakes his head.

“I appreciate it,” he says quietly, but his voice is flat and it’s hard to determine exactly what emotion backs the words. “Thanks.”

“Izuku, I…” Kirishima bites his lip. “Was it...was it really that simple? Just, finding you in the forest? Is that really where you go and hide every time?”

It isn’t an accusation; if anything, Kirishima sounds guilty.

Midoriya shakes his head. “No. I usually end up in the sewers, but because it was raining so hard, I didn’t think it was safe.”

Shouto has never been a fan of the rain, but now he thanks his lucky stars for it.

“Don’t do it again,” Tsuyu intones, and all eyes go to her while she looks at Midoriya. “If you get sick like that again, don’t run off. We got through it together this time, which means we can get through it together again, and again, and for however many times we need to.”

Kouda nods and Signs something.

“He’s right,” Kirishima agrees, nodding and looking to Midoriya. “You’re not alone here, Izuku. I thought you knew that.”

“I do,” Midoriya says, but his voice shakes, “it’s just…” He stops short, sighs, and shakes his head. “I —I just need some time to process everything. But I won’t run off again.”

His flat tone of voice isn’t reassuring, but it’s all they’ve got right now, so they don’t argue with it.

Izuku doesn’t know what to think of what just happened.

His friends head out—no doubt to go home and sleep off the events of last night—and he’s left alone with Mom, Cat, his actual cats, and his thoughts, which he’s still trying to make sense of. On one hand, his friends are right. Together, they’d plowed through Izuku’s haywire Quirk and come out of it okay.  And because he didn’t spend an entire night out alone, his fever broke much faster than usual.

But on the other hand, he doesn’t know how much of his Quirk is actually activated while he’s sick, and he knows what the full extent of it can do to people. So, in the end, he doesn’t know which option he actually prefers, and thinking about it makes his headache worse, so he tries not to.

Mom calls the school on Monday and tells them simply that Izuku can’t come in, which is perfectly fine with Izuku. As much as he hates missing it, he’s not an idiot. He knows his limitations, and going to school that day is beyond them. He spends the majority of Monday sleeping—and, every now and then, responding to Kirishima’s texts.

[No Bones About It]
hey izuku how’s it going

[Knife Knife Baby]
Aren’t you in class

[Vroom Vroom]
Kirishima, we’re in class.
Midoriya, shouldn’t you be sleeping?

[Knife Knife Baby]
Shouldn’t you be paying attention
to class

[No Bones About It]
Crap I didn’t mean to use the group chat
Ruh roh

[Frogger]
Somebody’s in t r o u b l e

[Vroom Vroom]
It’s going to be all of us if we don’t start paying attention.

[Knife Knife Baby]
Here here

[Vroom Vroom]
Midoriya, go to sleep.

[Knife Knife Baby]
Oof

[No Bones About It]
Seriously dude you should
oh CRAP AIZAWA SAW ME TEXTING ASJDLAKSDL

[Knife Knife Baby]
Oh you’re freakin dead.

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
Rip

[Frogger]
Rip

[Snow White]
Rip

[Knife Knife Baby]
Rip

[Vroom Vroom]
Everyone. If you don’t wish to share the same fate. Please pay attention and stop texting.
Midoriya, please get some sleep.

[Knife Knife Baby]
I will. :)

[Vroom Vroom]
That smiley face has “passive aggressive” written all over it.

[Knife Knife Baby]
:)

[KNIFE KNIFE BABY is OFFLINE]

Except, Iida actually drops by on his way home after school with a bottle of raspberry soda. Mom opens the door for him and welcomes him inside, and Iida is swarmed by Cat and the cats as he makes his way across the hall and into the living room.

Iida doesn’t seem nearly as down as before, but the threat to himself sense is stronger than before. Which means things are getting worse, not better.

“Kirishima said you liked these,” Iida says, setting the bottle on the coffee table by the couch. “I’m sorry for dropping by unexpectedly, but I thought you’d be sleeping.”

“I was sleeping right up until the doorbell rang,” Izuku answers, scooting over. He pulls Snickers and Teacup off the couch cushion, then gestures to it. “Wanna sit down?”

Iida seems uncomfortable, but he nods and takes a seat. Izuku sets Snickers and Teacup down, and they bounce into Iida’s lap and mrrow at him. Iida hesitates, then sighs and strokes their fur.

“They don’t do this with everyone,” Izuku says, looking to him. “I’m pretty sure most of them hate Kiri-chan, actually. They tolerate him because I like him, but I think that’s the only reason why.”

Iida nods stiffly. “Yes, Kirishima does strike me as more of a dog person.”

“He is, definitely.”

Iida doesn’t respond, and Izuku goes silent for a time. “...Actually, Iida, I wanted to give you something,” Izuku says at long last, reaching behind the couch cushion. “So it’s actually great that you came over.”

Iida turns to him, brows furrowed. “What is it?”

Izuku withdraws a sheathed knife from the cushion and holds it out for Iida to take. “It’s fairly simple,” he says, “but I thought I’d give you one. The forest Todoroki led you guys to...it’s something of a vent forest. A way to take your anger out on something without, y’know...just keeping it all to yourself. The trees have never seemed to mind.”

Iida takes the knife from Izuku’s outstretched hand and studies it for a long moment. “...Thank you, Midoriya. I’ll treasure this.”

“It’s a knife,” Izuku says, “so it’s really not something to be ‘treasured,’ per se, but if you want to that’s fine. I won’t stop you.”

Iida nods and swallows thickly. Izuku turns away. A part of him wants to mention his and Tensei’s talk, but it doesn’t seem like the time or place. For whatever reason, Iida hasn’t visited his brother, and his mental state is deteriorating. Instead of bringing this up, Izuku is going to keep his promise to Tensei and look after Iida as best he can.

Everyone visits him, actually. About an hour after Iida leaves that Monday evening, Ochako and Tsuyu come to call on him, also with raspberry sodas. Izuku is sure that, by the time he goes back to school, he’ll have a fridge full of the stuff. Not that that’s a bad thing.

On Tuesday, Todoroki and Kirishima visit. Kouda comes a little while later and leaves with the two of them. All the while, the day of the internship approaches, and Iida’s threat to himself sense continues to grow.

Izuku doesn’t understand it, but that’s alright. He doesn’t have to understand it to protect him.

On Wednesday, Izuku feels well enough to return to school. The day is uneventful and simple; he overhears a lot of students discussing their agency of choice for their internships, and other students rush to the teacher’s office to hand in their applications.

Izuku is one of these students, except he hands his application directly to Aizawa. Nedzu’s personality bothers him more than he cares to admit out loud.

Aizawa looks over his application, then lowers the page from in front of his face and frowns. “Really?” he interrogates. “I’m not trying to dissuade you if you’ve made your decision, but is there really something for you there?”

Izuku nods without hesitation. “There is. I have my reasons.”

Aizawa shrugs. “If you’re resolved, then that’s good enough for me,” he says, folding the paper and stowing it away in his back pocket. “I’ll get this to the principal. In the meanwhile, how are you feeling? Any better?”

“A lot better,” Izuku answers with a nod. “I’m...worried, but, I’m doing better.”

“Good. Let me know if you start feeling off again.”

“Will do.”

And that’s that. He rejoins his classmates in the cafeteria for lunch, then follows the crowd back to their classroom. They do a rescue training scenario with All Might during Hero Basic Training, but that’s the most strenuous thing they do all day. And even then—

I’ve been here for ten minutes, Izuku thinks, lying flat on his back and staring up at the cracked cement ceiling above him. If I was bleeding out, I would be dead by now.

In this scenario, it’s his job to be concussed and unable to move or call for help. It’s boring, but on the other hand, he’s glad he isn’t one of the rescuers.

Eventually, he’s found by Jirou and Aoyama. Aoyama sends a blast into the sky to signal for help while Jirou “secures his head wound.” And once Satou gets there to “carry him to safety,” that’s all there really is to it.

When they reverse teams and the rescuers become the victims and vice versa, Izuku zips across the terrain, parkouring through broken buildings and slipping through cracks and gaps that no one else can.

Then, just as he’s getting ready to leave a decimated building, he hears breathing. It’s weird that he can hear it with as much clarity as he does, but either way, he hears it and immediately rushes in that direction.

He finds Yaoyorozu beneath a large slab of concrete held up by two bricks. Her leg is “broken,” so he splints it with a couple broken slats of wood and a strip of gauze. After that, it’s just a matter of getting her out of the building safely before he can run off again to look for more victims.

It happens again, except this time it’s from above him and he hears someone murmuring to themselves. It turns out to be Sero, pinned down by a piece of collapsed rooftop. The things they come up with really are something, but what they’re not is convincing.

Either way, Izuku moves the plywood and they’re on their merry way.

He hears people calling for help from farther away, finds them, frees them, and keeps going. It continues on like this for quite some time. This round doesn’t take nearly as long as the first one, for whatever reason. All Might congratulates the group with his usual flamboyance, then calls class to a close and has them return to their homeroom.

“Hey, Midoriya,” Sero says, falling in step beside him as they leave the training grounds, “how’d you know where I was? You couldn’t see me, and I wasn’t shouting for help.”

“You were mumbling,” Izuku answers shortly. “Loudly.”

Sero stares at him. “Midoriya, I was whispering.”

“Really.”

“Yes.”

“You whisper really loud, then.”

“I don’t know,” Yaoyorozu says, also falling in step beside him. “You were somehow able to find out where I was, even though I wasn’t making noise and was entirely out of sight.”

“I heard you breathing.”

Yaoyorozu’s face matches Sero’s. “...How?”

“I don’t know. Were you breathing heavily?”

“No, I was trying to be as quiet as possible,” she answers, still staring at him as though he’d done some wonderous thing. “Five people passed me before you, and they didn’t hear a thing.”

“Do you think maybe your Quirk makes you hear really well?” Kaminari offers, having eavesdropped (of course). “I mean, like, you said that your Quirk lets you mess with people’s senses, right? So maybe your senses are stronger than usual.”

“Huh.” Izuku ponders it. “I’ve been noticing stuff like this ever since the USJ, which was the first time I actually used my Quirk properly...who knows, maybe you’re right.”

Hagakure squeals and bounces up to him, nearly bashing Sero out of the way. “I can’t believe it!” she says. “This, plus your hero costume and your knifes...it’s like you really are a cat, Midori!”

Izuku’s face doesn’t change. “That’s what I’m going for.”

Sero frowns. “...I can’t tell whether or not you’re kidding.”

“Cool.”

No one else questions it, and they reach their classroom without further incident. In the meanwhile, Izuku keeps his head down, deep in thought.

Kagami settles a small teacup on the coffee table in front of Izuku, then takes a seat across from him on the couch with an identical cup in hand. Kagami’s office has always been welcoming. He has small bookshelves lined with picture frames and little toys and trinkets he’s collected over the years, as well as books with worn-looking spines and complicated titles. The office has two couches, with a coffee table placed in between, and the carpet is a deep, forest-green.

“So, Midoriya-kun.” Kagami’s voice is gentle, but to the point. “What is it you wanted to talk about? How are things?”

Izuku swallows thickly. He’s always liked Kagami a lot, ever since day one (despite the fact that he’d hid behind his mother the entire time), but he can’t help but feel vulnerable.

“I...wanted to talk to you about the nature of my Quirk,” Izuku says at long last. “I’ve been putting it off for a long time, but...now...I think I want to talk about it. I have a few questions.”

If Kagami is surprised, he doesn’t show it. He’s always been very calm, cool and collected. Izuku could probably say he was a criminal and Kagami wouldn’t react outrageously.

“Go ahead,” Kagami says. “Take your time. However long you need.”

He sips his tea, and Izuku bites his lip and tries to think of how to properly word this.

“...My Quirk, it...sometimes it talks to me,” he starts quietly, and Kagami listens. “It doesn’t, like, hold conversations with me or anything. I just, sometimes when I’m fighting villains, or sometimes when I’m afraid...it tells me to use it. It tells me to hurt people and make them pay for what they did.”

Kagami nods, taking this in. “Is there anything specific you’ve noticed?”

“It just—” Izuku shifts needlessly. Sweat beads and runs down the back of his neck. “It tells me to ‘do it,’ or ‘make them pay,’ even when I don’t want to. And when I get sick, it’s like it gets stronger. Like it has more influence, for some reason.”

“Hmm…” Kagami goes quiet, staring down into his teacup. “Tell me, Midoriya, are you familiar with ‘Imprint’?”

Izuku shakes his head.

“Doesn’t surprise me,” Kagami says, “it’s a reasonably new study, and there isn’t a whole lot of ‘studying’ to be done on it. The basic principle of ‘Imprint’ states that people’s Quirks carry a part of them with it—it was first brought up when someone with a copycat Quirk noticed hearing ‘thoughts that weren’t theirs’ whenever they tried using their borrowed power. As you can imagine, there aren’t many cases, and studying the theory is difficult because of this, but it seems similar to what you’re telling me.”

Aside from Mom, the detectives on the police force, and the people Izuku has specifically decided to tell, Kagami is the only other person who knows how Izuku received his Quirk. He’s one of the few people Izuku is able to talk to about his Quirk and get answers.

“So...the thoughts I hear,” Izuku says quietly, “the ‘do its’ and the ‘make them pays’...it’s just the thoughts of the person who had the Quirk before me?”

Kagami nods. “Quirks are a huge part of a person, Midoriya. Not just physically, but emotionally, too. The ‘Imprint’ theory suggests that their strongest feelings and thoughts are projected onto their personal Quirk. It hasn’t been proven, but considering your Quirk isn’t its own entity, I think it’s worth looking into.”

Izuku swallows hard. “So, what...what do I do about it, then? I’ve said no to it just once before, but...it’s really strong.” And of course, if Kagami is correct and ‘Imprint’ turns out to be factual, it would make sense, considering who it originally belonged to. “How...how do I refuse it?”

“Try this.” Kagami sets his tea down, takes his pen from behind his ear, and writes something in the notebook on the coffee table. “First off, I want you to accept that the voice is not yours and that those thoughts don’t belong to you.”

Izuku nods.

“Second,” Kagami glances up at him every now and then in between writing, “I want you to try giving these thoughts a name. It doesn’t have to be anything in particular, just something you can address.”

“Like, can I just call it ‘Glitch’? That’s what I call my Quirk anyway.”

Kagami nods. “And then, third—and this is the hardest part of it—tell it ‘no.’ You said you’ve already done this once, correct?”

Izuku nods.

“Then it might be easier the next time,” Kagami says, nodding. He sets the pen down, tears the paper out of the notebook, and holds it out to Izuku. “If it starts trying to control you, tell it off however you please. It’ll take time, but I know you can do it. And, if for some reason you can’t, we’ll move forward from there. Alright?”

“Okay,” Izuku says, nodding. Kagami rises to his feet, and Izuku joins him. “Thank you for meeting with me on short notice, Kagami-san.”

“Don’t mention it, Midoriya-kun,” Kagami replies warmly with a smile. “Anytime.”

Izuku meets Mom outside Kagami’s office, and they make for home.

‘Imprint’...

Izuku leans against the passenger window and looks out at the passing city, with Rainbow and Teacup curled in his lap.

I wonder if Toshinori-san would have any experience with it.

...Or, for that matter...

[MESSAGING: “KIRI-CHAN”]

[Midoriya Izuku]
You, me, soda shop, ten minutes.

[Kiri-chan]
Wait WHAT
Okay I’ll hurry. Um, might be more like 15 minutes. I’ll run.
What brought this on? What’s this about?

[Midoriya Izuku]
There’s something I need to ask you.
About your Quirk. You know what I mean.

[Kiri-chan]
Ohhh, okay, yeah.
Um...why...?

[Midoriya Izuku]
I’ll explain it when we get there.

When they get there, Kirishima is noticeably on edge.

“There’s nothing wrong,” Izuku intones, hands stuffed in the pockets of his hoodie. His fingers brush against the hilt of his pocket knife, as well as his purple pen. “You can calm down a little, don’t worry.”

Kirishima doesn’t calm down. He fidgets the entire time they wait in line at the soda shop, all the way until they find an out of the way booth near the back of the place. Izuku watches him, sipping his soda idly, then sighs.

“Kiri-chan. Your nervousness is making me nervous.”

“Sorry,” Kirishima says, shaking his head and waving his hands a bit, “it’s just, it’s not like you to call me all the way out here, let alone to talk about…” He bites his lip, then shakes his head. “Yeah, you know. So, erm, what’s up?”

“Have you ever heard of the ‘Imprint’ theory?”

Kirishima’s frown deepens. “Not sure I have. What’s it about?”

“It basically says that a part of a person is etched into their Quirk,” Izuku answers, keeping his voice as low as he can. “Their personality, their strongest thoughts and emotions, stuff like that. There haven’t been enough cases for the scientists to have a solid thesis either way, but the idea’s out there. I wanted to know if you’d ever experienced something like that. Thoughts that aren’t yours.”

Something changes in Kirishima’s face now. He looks puzzled. “Actually, yeah,” he says, nodding. “At the Sports Festival. When I was fighting Bakugou, at the last second...I did feel something. It was like I had the drive and determination of several people. And...I actually saw them. The past holders.”

Izuku blinks. “You saw them…?”

“Sorta.” Kirishima rubs the back of his neck. “They were really just these black, staticy little blobs with bright yellow eyes. I guess you could probably call them an ‘imprint.’”

“That’s kind of…” Izuku ponders this again, blinking. “That’s kind of scary, actually.”

Kirishima shrugs, indifferent. “Toshinori-san said it was only normal. He said it meant I was making the Quirk more and more my own. It’s a good sign.”

Izuku swallows hard. “...That’s...great…”

Kirishima frowns. “Okay, yeah, that didn’t sound good. What question did you want to ask me? What does ‘Imprint’ have to do with yo—” He stops. Izuku can almost see the gears in his head begin to whir faster once the realization fully sinks in. “W-Wait, the guy who—did you see him—”

“No, I didn’t,” Izuku cuts in, shaking his head feverishly. “My Quirk has always had its own inner thought process. Since…” He makes sure no one around is listening, then leans in closer. Kirishima does the same. “Since you and I weren’t born with our weird Quirks, I thought maybe you’d experienced something similar.”

“Yeah…” Kirishima doesn’t seem completely reassured. “But, to answer your question, yeah, I’ve felt it before. ‘Imprint.’ I think it’s fair to say it’s not just a theory.”

Izuku nods, but his thoughts are whirring. “...Say,” he says after another moment, raising his head, “do you want to see if the others are available? I know it’s a school night, but we never got to hang out like we’d planned. Besides…” He glances down at the bracelet around his wrist. “...Didn’t you say you had bracelets for everyone?”

Kirishima’s eyes go wide. “I do!” he says, as though coming to the realization for the very first time. “I do, oh, yeah, this is the perfect time to do it. Let me see who’s available.” As he speaks, he’s already whipped out his phone and swipes the screen frantically. A second later, Izuku’s phone dings, and he pulls it from his pocket.

[No Bones About It]
Izuku and I are down at the soda shop. Do you guys wanna meet us here? This can be our rain check from the other day.

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
!!! YES!!!

[Frogger]
On my way :)

[Snow White]
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:・ﾟ✧

[Freezer Burn]
When did I get added here
...
Why is my name like that

[Knife Knife Baby]
Do you want soda or not

[Freezer Burn]
Yes

[Vroom Vroom]
Sorry, but I’m going to pass for now. My apologies.

Kirishima and Izuku look up from their phones and eye each other. They don’t say a word, but they’re both thinking the same thing.

[No Bones About It]
Really? Are you sure?

[Vroom Vroom]
I’m positive. I’ll see you all later.

[VROOM VROOM is OFFLINE]

Izuku bites his lip and pockets his phone. Across from him, Kirishima sends a couple more messages, then does the same. He folds his hands in front of the table and looks down, lips pursed.

“...Something’s definitely wrong, right?” Kirishima says, glancing up at him.

Izuku bites his lip. He doesn’t need to answer.

“Tenko! Tenko, look!”

Tenko turns around. Dāku races up to him, beaming excitedly with a piece of paper pinched between his fingers. They’re currently in their three-bed room, which has a simple, barren design to remind them of their “place.” Sensei has always been very concerned with making sure they remembered their “place.”

Except for some reason, he’d given them paper and pencils to draw. There were no colors; everything was bland; but still. Tenko would take it.

“What’d you draw, huh?” Tenko asks, kneeling down. Dāku is about four now, and even though Tenko is only twice that age, he’s so much taller than him. “I bet it looks awesome.”

“Look, it’s us!” Dāku flips around the paper and thrusts it out to him. It is the three of them, it would seem; Tenko in the middle, holding his and Kowareta’s hands on either side. The quality is less than stellar, but that’s not what Tenko cares about.

“Hey, that’s fantastic!” Tenko says, spreading his arms and hugging Dāku shortly but tightly. “Did you show your sister yet? I’m sure she’d love it.”

Dāku shakes his head, then spins around and bounces over to her. Kowareta is perched on the edge of her bed, a pencil in hand. She lifts her head when Dāku draws close, and she smiles and congratulates him when he shows her the picture.

Tenko smiles faintly. He isn’t related to them, but they truly are like his little brother and sister. He’d do anything and everything for them.

And then, the door of their room swings open, and in steps their trainer. Not Sensei; their trainer.

“Oy, you two.” He points to Dāku and Kowareta, who are no longer smiling. “You’re up. Training.”

“Oh...okay.” Kowareta gets up first, and Dāku rushes towards Tenko and holds out the drawing. “Can you keep this for me?”

“Of course,” Tenko says, nodding and taking the picture gingerly. “I’ll make sure nothing happens to it.”

Dāku smiles at him, then turns and leaves with Kowareta, who keeps their fingers linked at all times. The door slams shut behind them, and Tenko is left alone.

“Shigaraki Tomura, he’s here,” Kurogiri says, sliding up to him. “He requests to be let in immediately.”

“Go ahead and let him in,” Shigaraki answers without hesitation, waving a hand dismissively. “If he really wants to help us achieve our goal, then he’s welcomed here any time.”

Kurogiri nods shortly and leaves, and Shigaraki taps his four fingers against the glass in front of him. The bar is dimly lit as usual, and he sits on one of the barstools, alone. His index finger of his right hand is gone. He still has it wrapped from the incident at the USJ.

He grasps the glass with his four fingers and holds it up. He can see his reflection through it, clear as any mirror. There’s a scar across his cheek from one of Dāku’s blades. It’s the kind of white, jagged scar he knows will never fade no matter how much time has passed.

He sets the glass down again with a long, heaving sigh.

“Dāku, please…” He bows his head against his bandaged hand and exhales shakily. “Please...come home...”

The door of the bar swings open, and in walks the hero killer, Stain, with Kurogiri right on his tail. Stain has a single sword drawn, and the blade drags the ground as he walks.

Shigaraki slides off his seat and to his feet, approaching Stain properly. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you, Hero Killer,” he says calmly; if there’s one thing he’s learned, it’s that you don’t mess with someone with drawn knives. Especially someone who knows how to use them. “Thanks for coming.”

Stain scoffs and narrows his eyes. “I didn’t come here for flowery words,” he says lowly. “I came here because you discussed a proposition. What is it you’re after? What’s your goal? Your motives?”

“Me?”

Shigaraki looks behind them. Pinned on the wall of the bar, right under one of the lights, is the drawing Dāku made all those years ago. The pencil has faded quite a bit, but the majority of the lines are clear.

Shigaraki turns and looks Stain in the eyes. “I want my little brother back,” he says. “And I’m willing to do whatever it takes.”
Chapter 29
Notes:

    aaaaand we're back again! technically one day sooner than usual, but I really wanted to post this. this upcoming arc has been one of my favorites and I'm really excited to show you guys all that I have planned. :D

    No art this time around, but huge thanks to all the artists thus far!! And thank you all for your continued support even though I'm not super great at responding to comments. ;-; Your support means the world to me! Thanks so much, and I hope you all enjoy the chapter!

Chapter Text

Shigaraki slides a picture across the countertop. It’s hard to make out in the faint lights of the bar, but it’s distinct enough. Black hair. Gold eyes. Taken during the Sports Festival’s cavalry battle.

“So,” Shigaraki says, sitting back and waiting with bated breath. “Will you help me?”

Stain’s eyes narrow, but it isn’t in malice or fury. Merely contemplation. “I understand your convictions,” he says at length, “and why you long to be reunited. I have some business to attend to in Hosu City first, but when that’s all said and done...I don’t see any reason why I couldn’t help you obtain your goal.”

Shigaraki smiles. “Thank you. It means the world to me. Is there anything I could do to repay you?”

Stain hums, teasing one of the blades at his sides. “Actually, there might be one thing. Hosu City. I need some kind of a distraction while I accomplish my goal.”

“Deal,” Shigaraki says without hesitation. “I’ll do whatever I can.”

Now it’s Stain’s turn to smile. “In that case, you’ve got yourself a deal, Shigaraki Tomura.”  

Everyone is flattered by Kirishima’s friendship bracelets. Even people like Todoroki, who has a harder time showing it, thanks him. The bracelets are all crafted with the same patterns, only with varying colors, making for a set of friendship bracelets that look like they belong together, but still have a certain uniqueness about them.

As they make to leave the soda shop, Izuku is stopped by Kirishima’s voice behind him, calling his name.

“Hey, Izuku...here.”

Izuku turns around; Kirishima takes his hand and presses something into it.

“You know more about what’s going on than I do,” Kirishima explains, looking torn. “When the time is right, give this to Iida for me, ‘kay? It doesn’t matter when, just, please...make sure he gets it.”

Kirishima lets go of his hand, and Izuku looks down. The last bracelet, blue and black, sits in his palm. Izuku raises his head to Kirishima and nods firmly.

“I will. I promise.”

“Alright, everyone! Get a move on, we’re heading out!”

Izuku closes his fingers around Iida’s bracelet and stuffs it in his pocket hastily, then grabs the handle of his suitcase and wheels it alongside him. In the other hand, he holds the metal briefcase containing his hero costume, which he hasn’t actually seen since it was sent in for repairs.

The day of the internships has finally arrived, and they’re at the train station, following Aizawa. Izuku had wanted to bring Cat, but for the sake of convenience and Cat’s own comfort, he’d left him with Mom in the end. It was better that way.

Izuku singles out Iida in the crowd of his classmates, walking farther up ahead, dragging along his own suitcase and briefcase with his head facing forward. Izuku bites his lip, then hastens to catch up.

“Hey, Iida.”

Iida doesn’t stop, but he does turn to look at him. “Good morning, Midoriya,” he greets simply, but there’s something about his voice that Izuku doesn’t like one bit. “How are you?”

“I was just about to ask you the same question,” Izuku reponds dryly. “I tried texting yesterday. You didn’t respond.”

“I was busy,” Iida says quickly. Too quickly. “It’s nothing. I’m fine.” Izuku opens his mouth to say something else, but Iida notices and changes the subject. “Which agency did you pick, Midoriya?”

Izuku looks him in the eye. “Manual’s. In Hosu City. With you.”

Iida freezes, and Izuku stops right alongside him, unconcerned. “How did you know where I was interning?” Iida demands, rounding on him. He doesn’t seem too upset, but he is shocked. “I didn’t tell anyone but the teachers, how did you know?”

Izuku frowns at him.

Th re aT   t o   h I m Se lF

He starts walking again, his suitcase rolling and clicking behind him. “Lucky guess.”

This time, it’s Iida who follows him. “Well…” he says, looking down. “I suppose I don’t mind you being there—”

“Good, because there’s literally nothing you can do about it one way or the other.”

“—But, Midoriya,” Iida turns to him, “I assure you, I really am fine. You don’t have anything to worry about.”

Izuku grinds his teeth together and says, too lowly for Iida to hear, “Yeah, we’ll see about that.”

“Yo, Iida! Izuku!”

They both turn to watch as Kirishima springs up to them, beaming. Behind him are Ochako, Tsuyu, and Kouda.

“Good luck on the internships!” Ochako says brightly, smiling. “I’m sure you guys are gonna do great, wherever you’re going.”

“Hosu,” Izuku answers shortly. “Iida and I will be in Hosu.” He catches Kirishima looking at him from the corner of his eye, and behind his back, he Signs, I won’t forget the bracelet. Kirishima gives him an ok-hand.

“We can talk through the group chat when we have spare time,” Tsuyu says, “just to keep tabs on each other and make sure everyone’s alright.”

Kouda nods.

“Yes, that sounds fine,” Iida says, but he seems distracted. He hikes up his briefcase a little higher. “I’ll see you all after the internships. Good luck.”

They flip the words right back at him and Izuku, and after they exchange their final goodbyes, Izuku and Iida head off for their train. On the other side of the station, Izuku makes brief eye contact with Todoroki. They raise hands and wave, and then Izuku and Iida board with the rest of the passengers.

Off they go to Hosu City.

“...Are we lost?”

“No.”

“...Are you sure?”

Iida lets out a long, heaving sigh. “...There’s a slight chance that we’re...a little lost.”

Izuku sighs, too. “Knew it.” He raises his head and looks around. He’s never been to Hosu City, so not only is it exciting, but it’s incredibly confusing. Just a few minutes off the train and they’re already lost in the middle of the city.

“Are you sure you got the right directions?” Izuku asks, looking over Iida’s shoulder at his phone. “I mean, Manual could’ve made a mistake. No one’s perfect.”

“I find that unlikely,” Iida says, nearly cutting him off. He lifts his head, looking forward. “I think we take this street all the way down. His agency shouldn’t be too far off after that…”

“And somehow, the two managed to get even more hopelessly lost.”

“Midoriya, your commentary is not appreciated.”

“And yet they continue forward in denial.”

“Stop it.”

Except, they do find Manual’s office eventually. Or, rather, Manual finds them.

“Hey! Interns!” he hollers, speeding towards them from the end of the road. “I thought you might’ve been having trouble finding the place, sorry! It’s kind of out of the way and in a weird spot, so unless you know the area, it’s hard to find your bearings...come on, follow me. I’ll show you there. I look forward to working with you two!”

Relieved, Izuku and Iida hasten after the hero with their suitcases clicking behind them.

Izuku likes Manual right away. He’s a young hero who’s universally loved by the public (or, at least, he is going by everything Izuku’s read about him in the newspapers or on the internet). Like Thirteen, he’s a hero who specializes in search and rescue, which is something Izuku also admires.

“Come on in,” Manual says, gesturing for them to follow as he heads through the double doors of his agency. The building is big, but not massive, which makes sense considering Manual’s lesser status as a hero. He doesn’t even make the top fifty. “Sorry you had such a hard time finding the place, the street signs can be really misleading…”

“It’s alright,” Iida says.

“You might want to do something about it, though,” Izuku interjects. Iida shoots him this look, and Izuku shrugs dismissively.

“Ah, you’re right, you’re right,” Manual says, shaking his head and pinching the bridge of his nose. “Well, anyway, it’s nice to meet you two. We’ve been looking forward to this for quite some time now. Tenya and...Izuku, correct?”

They nod. Manual beams.

“Perfect!” he says, clapping his hands together. “You can leave your suitcases here, we’ll have them brought up to your room later on. As for your hero costumes, if you go down the hall that way,” he points, “there’s a locker room. Go ahead and get suited up, and we’ll go out on a short patrol just to find our bearings and see what we need to work on this week!”

They do as instructed, leaving their suitcases behind and taking their briefcases along with them to the locker room.

The first thing Izuku notices when he flips open the briefcase in the locker room is a post-it note taped to the underbelly of the lid. Curious, Izuku yanks it off and reads.

 

Midoriya Izuku,

Your design for this suit was pretty awesome! Hope you don’t mind that I made it EVEN MORE AWESOME with some EPIC MODIFICATIONS!!  THAT’S right, you’ve got UPGRADES, courtesy of Hatsume Mei, Support Course!

I kept your original design, of course, but tweaked a few things here and there to make it even better!  Feel free to try everything out, and if anyone asks, you make sure to say it was Hatsume Mei who made all of this possible!

Let me know if you have any extra modifications you want me to add, and/or your equipment starts smoking. That is all!

-Hatsume Mei, Support Course

 

Izuku sets the note to the side, thoroughly concerned, and pulls out his costume. There’s a green-tinted visor that hadn’t been there before, clear and simple. Another post-it note declares that it grants him night vision (to go along with the “cat” aesthetic). Aside from that, all the other noticeable modifications are fairly simple and mostly for aesthetic purposes. Hatsume attached a whip-like tail to his belt (“And you can detach it and use it as a weapon!” declares another post-it), he has a pair of leather, fingerless gloves (to make gripping knives easier), his cat-ears have a green, neon light around the rim (to be turned on and off at will), and his combat boots have steel toes (as well as additional compartments within them to hold two penlights and several knives).

Overall, Izuku is happy with it. And the night vision visor is something he’s especially looking forward to.

When he and Iida have finished suiting up, they head out of the locker and meet Manual outside.

Eijirou knocks thrice on the door and steps back afterwards, waiting for a response. He has the address All Might gave him written in a note on his phone, but...honestly, when All Might told him he got an offer from his old teacher, he was expecting some kind of agency, not... this.

This place looks like some kind of thrashed shack from a low-budget horror film, with overgrown weeds and broken rafters. Glass litters the yard from blown-out windows. The only thing that actually seems fully intact is the front door, and even that has rusted hinges.

“Um, hi?” Eijirou knocks again, harder this time. “Umm, I’m here from U.A. Anybody home…?”

The door creaks open with a loud, drawn shriek, and Eijirou retracts his fist sharply. The door creaks a little while longer; within the house, all is dark, illuminated only by the streak of sunlight through the crack.

“...Wellp.” He clutches the suitcase and briefcase tighter. “This is it, then. I’m either gonna die by some kind of horrific creature or I’m gonna get arrested for breaking and entering.”

He goes in, anyway.

The thug throws her against the alley wall, not hard enough to knock her out or seriously injure her, but hard enough to make her cry out in pain. Her purse hits the ground, and the edge of her wallet slips from within it.

“Ha, jackpot.” Bending down, the villain lifts the wallet while his fellowmen cackle behind him. “I’ll be taking this off your hands, ma’am,” he goes on, waving it by her face tauntingly. His smile is wide, showing off each and every one of his yellowed, grimy teeth. “If you know what’s good for you, you’ll go about your day like none of this ever happened. And don’t even think about contacting the police.”

The woman looks up at him, glaring, but she knows better than to say anything against him. The villain grins. “Good,” he says, straightening up again. “In that case, ‘suppose we’ll be on our way.”

“Yo.”

The villain jumps and turns around, as do the two behind him, and the woman. When he actually catches sight at the person who’d spoken, his shoulders relax, and he lets out a long, low chuckle.

“Well, kid, don’t you have bad timing,” the villain says, shaking his head and tutting. “What, you get lost on your way to a costume party?”

The kid’s eye twitches. “Yeah, sure. Let’s go with that.”

And then he moves, much faster than she thought he could, and lands a solid kick to the villain’s stomach.

The man’s confidence is gone, and he lets out a rush of breath as the air is sucked from his lungs. The boy wastes no more time; while the man is bent over, he swings a leg, and the side of his shin slams against his skull. With a crack and a thump, the thug hits the ground and doesn’t get up.

“That was easier than I thought it’d be.” The boy turns to her, and beneath a green-tinted visor, she sees his eyes. They’re blank and emotionless, but not unkind. There’s no evil intention behind that gaze. “You okay?’

She nods.

“Alrightee.” The kid turns to the other thugs, who are backing out of the alley with wide eyes and trembling shoulders. “So, who’s next?”

They turn and run—straight into a trap.

A pro hero and another youth in white armor stop them, taking out the thugs with a punch and a kick. It really is just as simple as that, and the villains hit the ground in two more unmoving heaps.

“Kitten!” The pro hero, Manual, starts towards the boy. “I told you to wait up.”

“Sorry,” the boy answers, turning to him, “but we might’ve been too late otherwise.”

Manual sighs, but shakes his head. “Get the police on the phone, tell them to meet us here,” he says, and the boy nods and turns away. “Are you alright, ma’am?”

“I’m fine,” she answers, nodding. If anything, she’s in a bit of shock, but it isn’t the villains’ faults. “Thank you.”

“Don’t mention it,” Manual smiles, and once the woman has gathered her things from the asphalt, she thanks them one last time and goes about the rest of her day in peace. And awe.  

Midoriya is on the phone with the police outside the alley, and Manual and Tenya are working to restrain the villains in the meantime. From here, Tenya can’t hear Midoriya speaking into the phone; all he can hear is his and Manual’s own breathing as they bind the villains’ arms behind their backs.

“...Say, Tenya…”

Tenya tightens the ropes, ties a knot that Tensei taught him. “What is it?”

Manual goes quiet for a time, his teeth sinking into his bottom lip. “You picked my agency because your brother was attacked near here, right?”

Tenya stiffens, hands going still. Across from him, Manual sighs. Even without the further confirmation, he’d already known.

“Tenya, listen to me…” Manual moves in closer, kneeling across from him on the asphalt. “It doesn’t bother me. I don’t resent you. I know you’re angry with the Hero Killer, and I know you want to see him put to justice. And I get it, Tenya, I really do, but chasing after hatred will always lead you the wrong way. Always.”

Unbeknownst to them, Izuku isn’t on the phone anymore. He stands at the end of the alley, out of sight, listening.

Tenya swallows thickly. “...I know that,” he says, and he does know it, he really, really does. “I know that. I do.”

“Ahh, good.” Manual offers him a smile that looks more like a wince and rises to his feet, looping the extra rope around his hand. “Just, keep that in mind. I’m here if you need to talk to me, alright? Don’t be afraid to hit me up anytime.”

“I won’t be.”

“I called the police,” Midoriya says, returning. “They’re gonna be here any second now.”

“Good,” Manual says, turning to him with a nod. “We’ll wait for them to get here and then be on our way. There’s another alley a few blocks down that a lot of criminals hide around, so I’d like to check that out when we’re done here…”

As Tenya finishes tying off the ropes, he tunes Manual and Midoriya out, drowning in his own thoughts. He knows anger and bitterness and resentment will always lead him down paths he’ll regret. He knows that.

But…

...If that’s true, then…

...What am I supposed to do?

Considering the day consists of apprehending lesser villains and cornering thugs in alleyways, it goes reasonably smoothly. There was this one time Izuku almost got clobbered in the face with a wrench, but he’d been able to dodge thanks to years honing his reflexes and reaction time. It’d worried Manual, though, and from that point on, they’d taken more cautious approaches.

And then, when the sun begins to set, Manual leads them back to the agency (almost getting lost once or twice himself). Izuku glances over at Iida every so often on their way back, but if Iida notices, he gives no indication that he did. Izuku lets it go, for now.

“You two will be sharing a room,” Manual says once they arrive, leading them up a spiral staircase. “We don’t have a whole lotta space, here, so our interns all sleep in the same room.”

“That’s fine,” Iida says, speaking up for what feels like the first time in forever. “Are there other interns besides us?”

Manual shakes his head. “No,” he says, reaching for the doorknob, “so you’ve got the place entirely to yourself.”

He swings open the door. The room is lined with bunk beds, with blankets smooth and neat. By one of the bunkbeds sit Iida’s and Izuku’s suitcases.

“Bathroom’s in the back of the room,” Manual informs. “I’ll leave you two to get settled in. Make sure to get a good night’s sleep. Lots of patrolling tomorrow.”

“Thank you,” Izuku says. “See you tomorrow, Manual.”

“Goodnight,” Iida says, bowing shortly, and Manual smiles and closes the door on his way out, leaving Izuku and Iida behind.

It’s more awkward than it should be. Iida is definitely hiding something, and thanks to that “threat to himself” thing he’s got going for him (which has been gradually getting stronger and stronger), Izuku has had a headache all day. Once he’s ready for bed, he’s fully prepared to faceplant the mattress and stay there for a week. If his headache would let him sleep, anyway.

“I’m taking top bunk,” Izuku says, already swinging himself up there and yanking back the covers. “You can take the bottom bunk.”

Iida frowns up at him. “We literally have the entire place to ourselves, Midoriya, you can sleep wherever you want to.”

“Heck yeah, I’m taking the dresser.”

“Midoriya. You know that’s not what I meant. Your attempts at humor are...sad.”

Izuku chucks a pillow at him. Iida side-steps out of the way. “Tell me how you really feel, Iida.”   

Iida just sighs.

“Hey, cut me some slack,” Izuku says, swinging himself off the bed to retrieve his pillow. “I didn’t even understand the concept of humor until I was fourteen. If you think my attempts at humor are bad now, you should’ve seen my first ones.”

Iida doesn’t seem amused in the slightest, so Izuku doesn’t try to keep it going. He hops back onto his bed with the retrieved pillow and, to his surprise, Iida settles himself on the bottom bunk just below Izuku’s.

Izuku leans off the side precariously far and looks at him. As fun as sleeping on a bunk bed would be, “You can have the top bunk if you want it, Iida, I don’t really care.”

“No, it’s fine,” Iida answers. “Don’t lean over the bed like that. You’ll fall.”

Izuku sighs and swings himself back onto the bunk. He’s wearing a hoodie, like he always wears to bed, but he can already feel the chill setting in his skin. The cats really do help keep his body temperature regulated. He’s not looking forward to tonight.

The fact that he can’t sleep isn’t what surprises him. After laying in bed for a couple hours, staring up at the ceiling of the unfamiliar building, he finally gives up and retrieves his phone from his suitcase, which he’d put on the edge of his bed (he’s small enough to not be bothered by it).

Now, he’s in the middle of that dumb endless running game he’d seen Kirishima play so many times. He hates it, and he’s terrible at it, but it’s a nice something-to-do until his insomnia takes a hike.

Except, then, he is surprised by something else. When he finally gets sick of getting bested by the game, he uses his phone as a light and begins doodling on his arms again with one of Ochako’s pens. He likes drawing over his scars, giving intricate designs to the otherwise ugly, jagged marks there.

In the peace of this, while he draws on his arms thoughtlessly, he hears something subtle. Beneath him, he’s more hyper-aware of Iida’s breathing than ever, and it sounds...weird. There’s nothing wrong with it, per se, but it’s not even enough to belong to someone who’s asleep.  

Is he...awake?

Izuku frowns and decides that, instead of leaning over the bed again and possibly scaring him, he puts his pen away and focuses on his phone.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Iida are you awake?

Moments later, a text comes in.

[Iida Tenya]
Midoriya, what are you doing?
Do you know how late it is?

[Midoriya Izuku]
Do you?

Iida doesn’t respond for a long while.


[Iida Tenya]
If you have something to say to me, go ahead and say it. But don’t send it in a text when we’re in the same room together. It’s unnecessary.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Sometimes it’s easier to type things than actually say it out loud.
Kinda detaches yourself from the situation a little.

Another time passes in which Iida says absolutely nothing. Through his hyper-hearing, Izuku hears a slight stammer to Iida’s breath.

[Iida Tenya]
I don’t know what you’re insinuating.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Yes you do.

Iida doesn’t respond. Beneath him, all is still. Izuku bites his lip.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Iida, listen. I’m worried. We’re all worried. But you’ve been keeping things from us.
And I get why you want to, but at the same time…
Please, just, right now. Just this once. Be honest with me.
How do you feel?

He waits with bated breath, the light of the screen burning into the backs of his eyelids while he waits for an answer. For a time, he isn’t sure there will be an answer.

His phone vibrates.

[Iida Tenya]
I feel like I’m being torn apart

Izuku’s breath gets stuck in his throat.

He’d known. Even before Iida said it, he’d known. But actually hearing it from Iida hits him a lot harder than he thought it would.

Without knowing what else to do, he finds his favorite cat video online and forwards the link to Iida. Iida goes quiet again and doesn’t say anything for a while; and then, he sends a simple “Thank you” through the messenger.

After that, Izuku turns off his phone and lays down again, staring up at the ceiling in silence. Even if he can’t sleep, his eyes were beginning to burn, and he couldn’t stand to look at the light any longer.

As he lays there in the darkness, after a little while of listening, he thinks he hears Iida stifling sobs behind his hand.
Even though it hurts, Izuku doesn’t bring it up now, or the next morning. He knows Iida would much rather he pretend he didn’t hear anything.

Eijirou is still sore the next day after training. Gran Torino might not look like much, but he packs quite the punch. Eijirou isn’t really sure how he feels about the old man, but it’s whatever. He’s helping him perfect his method of using One For All, and any help he can get is help well-appreciated.

“You’ve already got some control over it, since you’ve got experience with a Quirk already,” the old man says, snatching his cane from where it’s leaning against the coffee table, “but for now it boils down to practice. And, well, you might have already started feeling it, but your original Quirk is much stronger now, isn’t it?”

“Now that you mention it,” Eijirou says, pausing from tearing open a cardboard box of taiyakis, “I have noticed Hardening being stronger...is that because of One For All?”

Gran Torino nods. “One For All is, at its core, an enhancement Quirk,” he says, crossing the room as Eijirou dumps the frozen pastries onto a microwave-safe plate. “Its default enhances your physical abilities. Since you have a Quirk, not only will it enhance your physical abilities, but your Quirk, also.”

“I get it.” Eijirou sets the timer and starts the machine. “I get it, but, like...how do I further that along, anyway? How do I get better at it faster?”

“Practice. Which is why,” Gran Torino spins on his heel, “as soon as we’re finished up here, we’re going out on a nightly patrol. Until then, though, once we’ve eaten, we’ll keep sparring.”

Already, only a day into the internship, One For All has been easier to call to him, and being able to use it freely under Gran Torino’s watch during a real sparring match has done numbers on his sense of control over it. And he’s noticed, too, that it hasn’t left him with creaking joints or nagging pains.

He’s improving.

“Right.” Eijirou nods with a grin. Behind him, the microwave dings. “I’m looking forward to it.”

Gran Torino,

I know it’s been a long time since we last spoke. I’m sorry. But I thought, in light of recent events, you would be able to help me again now just like you did all those years ago.

Almost a full years ago, I finally chose a successor. As far as the original plan is concerned, he has nothing to do with it, but I don’t think I could have picked a better successor, Gran Torino.

His name is Kirishima Eijirou. I met him briefly in the aftermath of the slime villain fiasco—I’m certain you heard about it on the news—and after that, his friend Midoriya Izuku asked if I’d be willing to help train him.

He’s brave and selfless, and overall, he wants to do whatever he can to save people and better himself as an individual through that. Whether you agree with it or not, I’m proud of him. I’m proud to call him my heir.

He has a Quirk—he calls it “Hardening” and it allows him to harden his skin to the likeness of rocks. He’s strong alone, but with One For All, he’s even stronger. He already has a good handle on One For All thanks to his own experience with his original Quirk, but there’s a lot you know about it also that I think you’ll be able to pass onto him.

I don’t like asking this of you, especially considering we haven’t spoken in many years, but please. If just for Kirishima, I ask that you take it into consideration. The Sports Festival is fast approaching; I think he’ll surprise you. Just wait and see.

Yours,

Toshinori

Gran Torino had received that letter several weeks ago, long before the Sports Festival. The boy in question, Kirishima Eijirou, hadn’t done anything remarkable or even noteable in the first two preliminary rounds of the festival; but when the matches began, well...that was something different altogether.

Kirishima Eijirou already has a good handle on One For All, like Toshinori mentioned in his letter, but not only that, he has a good sense of how to properly use his own Quirk, and how to mix the two together to bring out the best in him. The stances he’d picked in his fights definitely had lots of thought behind them, and each move was choreographed well, like a practiced dance with deadly potential.

He hadn’t learned that from Toshinori. He’d learned some of his moves from the man, certainly, but not those stances. Those stances were specifically for clever close-combat, something Toshinori had never been particularly good at. There was the other boy Toshinori had mentioned, “Midoriya Izuku,” but aside from the name, Gran Torino has no information on him whatsoever.

Either way, Kirishima’s potential shines, and Gran Torino can’t wait to see what he’ll do from here on.

So, that evening, they set out. A couple sparring rounds over, with Eijirou getting closer and closer to beating the old man each time, the sun has set, and Gran Torino calls it quits.

“You’ll develop bad habits real quick if you keep fighting me,” he says, locking the door behind them as they head out (although, it’s kind of pointless, what with the blown-out windows and all). “We’re going to head to some of the lesser cities and find some villains to take down. Just so you can get some practice.”

“That sounds good,” Eijirou says, chasing after Gran Torino when he heads down the front steps. “Are we taking a train? Where are we going?”

“Yes, and you’ll see when we get there,” Gran answers curtly. “You’ve already got a pretty good handle of One For All, so there’s not a lot I can teach you. Practice is the best way to do this.”

Eijirou nods shortly. Gran Torino hails a taxi, and they head out. From the taxi, they arrive at the train station, then set out once more. The sun sets beyond the horizon, bathing the city in darkness, and the train speeds onwards.

Eijirou turns to look out the window at the passing city lights. Gran Torino stares out at nothing, deep in thought, and Eijirou doesn’t disturb him.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” comes a voice over the intercom, “we will be stopping at Hosu City shortly. If this is your stop, please prepare to disembark.”

“We’re passing through Hosu?” Eijirou says, turning towards Gran finally, and Gran nods wordlessly. Biting his lip, Eijirou returns to looking out the window. Hosu City. Izuku and Iida are here, somewhere, probably knee-deep in their internships just like Eijirou is. Maybe they’re on patrol, too. A part of him wants to send a group text, but he doesn’t want to bother them if they really are busy—

The train gives a sudden lurch, sending a few standing passengers flying and even more out of their seats.

“We are experiencing some technical difficulties,” comes the lady’s robotic voice over the intercom again. “Please remain seated. I repeat, please remain—”

The sliding door of the train bashes inwards, nearly crushing two civilians standing nearby. Eijirou leaps out of his seat, wide-eyed, One For All already crackling against his skin. Around him, people run and scream and back against the walls; in front of him, from the bash in the side of the train, emerges an inhuman creature with bulging eyes and brains.

Wait, is it—?

“Get back!” Gran shouts. “Stay on the train!” —And before Eijirou can stop him, he’s zipped right by him with quick activation of his Quirk. He grabs the Nomu by the shoulders and throws both himself and the monster right off the train.

“Gran Torino!” Eijirou hollers after him, running. He has just enough time to look through the blasted-out door as Gran slams the Nomu into the side of a building and disappears in a billowing cloud of dust and smoke.

Eijirou grits his teeth and, heedless to the shouting around him and Gran Torino’s orders, leaps from the gaping hole of the train. He tucks and rolls on the first rooftop he sees, then gets to his feet and keeps running, fast then faster. One For All burns and crackles beneath his skin in a way it never has before, and he’s able to move with such mobility that it surprises himself.

There’s a Nomu here, one of those inhuman creatures that Shigaraki brought in at the USJ. There’s a Nomu here, which can only mean one thing.

His shoes slam the rooftops as he runs, leaps, hits the ground, then keeps running. Adrenaline burns through his veins like fire.

I’m done sitting around while other people fight, he decides, teeth gritted, balled fists swinging back and forth as he runs. Never again. I know I can use this training for something. I just know it.

Izuku is following Iida and Manual, trailing about a foot behind them. “Where to next?” he hollers, lights flashing against the asphalt as his shoes slam into the ground, one after the other.

“I got a report from further in the city,” Manual answers. He seems tense. “There’s a reported villain attack near the—”

Threat.

It comes so quickly that Izuku almost, almost doesn’t have time to react in time.

“Get down!” Izuku shouts, diving. He hooks an arm around Manual’s neck from behind, the other arm around Iida’s, and gives the two a hard yank. The three hit the ground, and at the same time, there’s a crash. Huge chunks of cement slam the asphalt where they’d been seconds ago.

The side of a building had been completely blasted out, and in its place stands a Nomu.

“What the hell!?” Manual gasps.

The Nomu lets out a long, animalistic screech, and the three of them cover their ears against it. Izuku grits his teeth tight enough to make his jaw hurt. The screech shakes him to his very core.

When it ends, the creature locks eyes with them and takes a step out of the building, towards them. Izuku draws two knives and prepares to fling them. The ground trembles and shakes; a few buildings down, there’s an explosion loud enough to rival a firework, and smoke begins to rise.

Manual wastes no time. “Izuku, Tenya, go to the plaza!” he demands, swinging an arm out towards them. “I’ll take care of this one! Go make sure everyone’s out! Help people evacuate!”

“Alright,” Izuku says, nodding, and he spins and runs in the opposite direction with Iida right on his heels. The Nomu definitely isn’t as strong as the one from the USJ, and Izuku has no doubt that Manual will be able to at least hold it off. Besides, the sooner Izuku gets to the plaza, the sooner he can tell other pro heroes where Manual is. He can call for backup.

“We should be there,” Izuku says, watching the smoke billow up from a nearby building and cloud the sky above. “Another block or two—”

He and Iida round the corner, and immediately, a shockwave blasts them both off their feet.

Smoke fills Izuku’s lungs and clouds his vision, but instinct tells him to grip his knives so they don’t go flying and tumble properly as to avoid injuring himself. He rolls on his shoulder, then springs to his feet, eyes burning from the heat and smoke.

There are two more Nomus, surrounded by ten or so pro heroes, who are fighting to hold them off. Civilians run in all directions, screaming and hollering.

“Follow the sidewalk down!” a hero shouts, directing the traffic. “Get as far away from here as you can! Hurry! We’ll handle this, get to safety!”

“Kid, you shouldn’t be here!” another pro yells, singling him out. Her eyes are narrowed, and there’s a nasty gash on the side of her face. “Follow the evacuation!”

“Manual needs help!” Izuku barks back at her, trying to get his voice over the roaring flames and the smoke in his throat. “He’s a few blocks down fighting one of these things alone!”

“What!?” The pro stops and coughs twice into her elbow, then grits her teeth. “Handle it from here!” she demands, turning and running. “I’ll go help Manual!”

“I’ll go with you!” another agrees, following, and they turn the corner and disappear from sight. Izuku lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding.

“Good,” he says, deflating. “Manual’s taken care of. We should make sure the evacuation goes smoothly, Iida—”

When he turns to face his companion, all he sees is a blank space.

Izuku stares. “...Iida?”

There’s no answer, of course. The realization has began to sink in.

“Threat to himself.” Hosu City. Stain. The Hero Killer. Tensei.

Hosu City. Tensei. The Hero Killer.

“Threat to himself.”

No, wait, don’t tell me—

“Iida!” Izuku shrieks into the smoke and dust and flames.

But no one answers.  

Tenya is running, engines roaring, feet pounding the asphalt.

I’m sorry, Manual. Midoriya. Everyone.

But…

...This is something I need to do.
Chapter 30
Notes:

    Hi guys! Back at it again! \o/ Thanks for all your support, and thanks so much for being cool with it when I can't always respond to comments. Just know that they mean the world to me and I could never thank you enough for all your support!!

    No art this time around, but huge thanks to all the amazing artists who have done me things so far!! Enjoy the chapter! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

The wind bites into Izuku’s skin like the knives he holds as he tears down the street, teeth gritted, chest heaving. He should have known better. He should have known better. Iida was right next to him. He should’ve kept a closer eye out. He should have known better than to turn his back.

He grits his teeth a little tighter. His head begins to throb. He runs faster.  

“A child in a costume?”

Stain’s voice reaches his ears around the same time his helmet clatters to the ground, knocked off his head by a swing of Stain’s sword. Tenya is on the ground now, holding the side of his face and trying to get his labored breathing under control.

He hears Stain’s blade scrape the ground as he lowers it. “C’mon, kid, this doesn’t involve you,” Stain says lowly, turning away. On the ground in front of the villain, unmoving but conscious, is a pro hero Tenya recognizes. “Leave me to my duty and pretend you didn’t see anything.”

The hero is bleeding from what looks like several stab wounds. There isn’t a lot of blood—the wounds must have been shallow—but even so. Stain raises his bloodstained sword until it’s poised over the hero’s chest, right over his heart, and—

Tenya finds his voice and speaks. “Is that what you did to Ingenium?”

Stain goes still. He doesn’t flinch or jump or even turn around. He simply stills.

“...You’re his brother.”

It isn’t a question. Stain knows exactly who he is. Tenya sets his jaw and slowly drags himself to his feet. Stain turns to him now, and Tenya looks him in the eyes, unafraid.

“Well, isn’t this fate,” Stain says, sounding almost amused. “You know, I knew someone was going to come after me after what happened to Ingenium. It’s one of the reasons why I let your brother live to begin with; so others could reap the aftermath. But I had no idea it would bring his own brother here.”

Tenya’s balled fists begin to tremble.

“Heroes talk a big game,” Stain goes on, “but in the end, when adversity strikes, that’s when their true colors show. Your brother, Ingenium...he was just as weak as I imagined him. A fake.”

“He isn’t weak,” Tenya bites out in a voice so low it’s nearly a snarl. “And he isn’t a fake. My brother, he...”

“Tenya, I won’t be resuming hero work. The doctors, they...they said I still have the use of my hands, but...I’m completely paralyzed from the waist down. There’s nothing they can do about it. From this moment on...unless you take my name...the hero, ‘Ingenium,’ is gone.”

“...He was an outstanding hero!” Tenya shouts, eyes burning. “And he didn’t deserve what you did to him! He didn’t deserve any of it! And, that’s why…” He grits his teeth, steadies his hands, finds his resolve, and meets Stain’s eyes. “That’s why I’m going to defeat you here and now!”

Stain’s face doesn’t change. “That’s your choice,” he says. “Whatever happens to you from this moment on is on your head.”

Tenya’s engines roar to life, and he charges. Adrenaline, as well as righteous anger and hatred and fury and pain burn throughout his body like fire, and he grits his teeth and swings a kick—

Stain dodges.

Tenya has just enough time to realize his mistake before his feet disappear beneath him, and Stain slams his head into the asphalt. It hurts about as much as you’d expect it to, but he grinds his teeth against the pain and balls his fists.

“Sorry.” A burning pain shoots through his forearm, and he cries out sharply. Stain retracts the blade and says, with a mixture of confidence and disappointment, “But you’re too slow.”

Tenya is just about to get up, to surprise Stain with a kick and reinforced engines, but just as he tries, his body goes numb. His muscles tighten like bowstrings drawn to snapping point, the pain in his head and his arm dull until it’s non-existent, and when he tries to move, his body won’t respond. He feels a tingling numbness throughout his being, but he can’t move. He can’t get rid of it. No matter how hard he tries, he can’t so much as lift his finger.

Paralysis. He knows that’s what this is in an instant. People have always theorized about Stain’s Quirk, and this was the conclusion many of them came to. Some kind of paralyzing Quirk to immobilize his victims.

A nagging part of the back of his mind says that he’s done for. Finished. But that’s the last thing he’s thinking about.

“You can’t win!” Tenya snarls, and hates that the intimidation is lost when his voice cracks and wavers. “You can never win, Stain! One way or another, I’m going to—!”

“To do what? Kill me? Get your revenge?”

Tenya’s teeth snap together. Stain looks down at him for a long moment, then turns his head. The pro hero from earlier is still lying still, wounded and bloody.

Stain jerks his head in the hero’s direction. “He’s the one you should be thinking about,” the villain says lowly, “not some kind of self-satisfying vengeance against me. Heroes like your brother—heroes like you —are everything that’s wrong with society today. Fakers who slap on the ‘hero’ label like it makes them a better person. Makes me sick.”

Tenya’s thoughts, as well as his heart, are racing. Even so to the point where he thinks and feels nothing at all. He grits his teeth against the sobs rising in his chest and tries, once more, to move. Nothing happens.

He recovers his voice once more. It comes out more broken than he wants it to.

“Say whatever you want about me! In the end, you’re just a criminal who hurt my brother!”

Static.

Tenya feels it for a fraction of a second, and nothing more than that. Stain, on the other hand, feels it much more than he does, and he springs backwards, feet hitting the ground with a thud.

He raises his head, grimacing. From the other end of the alleyway, Tenya hears footsteps.

“You talk too much,” Midoriya says calmly, striding forward. His eyes are a perfect, even mixture of forest green and molten gold, and he comes to a standstill once he’s placed himself between Tenya and the Hero Killer. His demeanor radiates a cool collectiveness, but it’s scarier that way. “Hi, Stain. I’m going to have to ask that you kindly back the hell off.”

Tenya’s mind begins to tick again. “M-Midoriya, what are you—”

“Iida. Shut up.”

It really settles in a second later. “Midoriya, no, you can’t be here,” he strains, trying (and failing) to move for the upteenth time. “Y-You have to get out of here, this fight doesn’t have anything to do with—”

“Iida. This is the last time I’m asking nicely. Shut up.”

He doesn’t know what it is about Midoriya’s tone that instantly makes him clamp his teeth together against the words he desperately wants to spew.

“I get where you’re coming from,” Midoriya says, back turned to him so Tenya can’t see his face. “Believe me, I do. But if you do this— pain for pain and blood for blood—then are you really any better than the Hero Killer?”

Tenya doesn’t answer. Everything he’s kept pent up until this point comes pouring out, until the tears finally break free and streak down his face. “This isn’t your fight,” Tenya tries again, stammering. “Midoriya, please, get out of here.”

“Yeah, sorry, no can do.” Midoriya picks a fighting stance and holds it, a knife in each hand. “I don’t really care what you say or think, Iida. Your pain is real, I get it. I really do. But hatred and revenge is never the answer, and I’m not going to let Stain kill you.”

Across from him, Stain glares darkly. “So you’re siding with them?” he asks, swinging his sword to point at Tenya. “You’re alright with the ‘fakes’? Do you really condone them, boy?”

“I never said I condone them,” Midoriya snaps. “But murder is murder, Stain, no matter how you put it. And their lives aren’t yours for the taking. I don’t know what the hell makes you think you have a right to play judge, but that doesn’t matter. You’re wrong, Stain, and I can't let you go through with this.”

“They’re fakes,” Stain insists, glare darkening. “They’re the scum of society, boy. The lowest of the low. Liars who claim to be one thing but turn right around and do things they proclaim they’re against. Fakers and liars. That’s all they are. And if you’re on their side, then that makes you my enemy.”

“We were enemies ever since the very beginning,” Midoriya says, “but okay.”

He crouches, springs, and Tenya is forced to watch from the sidelines.

[Midoriya Izuku]
[maps.pin]
Party downtown. Anyone near Hosu City is invited. But you gotta get here in like two minutes.

During a break between takes, Yaoyorozu frowns at the message.

At U.A., Aizawa’s and Toshinori’s phones go off.

In the middle of the ocean, while running drills with everyone else, Tsuyu’s phone buzzes aboard the ship.

On his way from rescuing a litter of kittens from a gutter, Kouda’s phone gives a chipper little ding.

In the alley, Iida’s phone rings.

Across Hosu City, on his way help neutralize the Nomus with Endeavor, Todoroki stares down at the message on his phone. He hears Endeavor’s voice from what seems like very far away, but he’s already tuning it out and sprinting down the street in the other direction, following the map.

Running and searching for Gran Torino, Kirishima’s phone lets out a happy buzz. The second he sees the message, he takes off for that destination.

He’d been forced to use his Quirk when he saw just how close Stain’s sword came to skewering Iida through the chest, but he doesn’t regret it. He would’ve had to use it one way or the other, eventually; might as well go ahead.

He overloads Stain’s senses, which gives him time to get in close and land a solid kick to the villain’s stomach. Stain springs backwards, light on his feet, and several knives go flying. Izuku dodges all of them, then throws three of his own, which Stain in turn dodges. The blades gleam in the moonlight as they clatter to the asphalt below.

Stain’s eyes flicker with something. “...So you’re the one Shigaraki mentioned,” he says, tightening his grip on the sword at his side. “His ‘brother.’”

Izuku goes still. He keeps his Quirk turned in on himself for the time being. “My brother’s name is Tenko. I don’t know who you’re talking about.”

“...I see. So it’s one-sided.” Stain’s face doesn’t change. He readjusts his grip on the hilt of his sword. “Regardless, I assured him that if I could do it, I would see your safe return.”

“So I’m in his ‘lost and found,’ is that it?” Izuku bites. “Fantastic.”

He throws three knives and unleashes his Quirk. Stain recoils, but he’s more experienced than any villain Izuku has ever fought. He launches himself upwards, despite his overloaded senses, and the knives clatter to the ground behind him around the same time he touches down.

“You’re not bad,” Stain says, lifting his head and meeting Izuku’s eyes, despite the fact that he’s fully under Glitch’s influence. “And that Quirk of yours is something else, isn’t it? But, when you’re like me and have trained your reflexes for this long...you don’t have to rely on your senses nearly as much. Things just come to you.”

Izuku flips Glitch in on himself and lets out a heaving sigh of relief. He can control the output, but it’s ridiculously hard, and he can’t let Iida or anyone else nearby be affected by his Quirk. He’s so distracted that he doesn’t notice Stain fiddling with something behind his back.

[XXXXX]
[maps.pin]
He’s here.

A second later, Stain takes up his sword again and charges.

Izuku dives to the side and throws three knives as a distraction. The blood in his eyes is making it hard to maneuver properly.

I’m running out of time.

Stain comes at him with a sword, and Izuku turns Glitch on him just long enough to act as a distraction. While Stain recoils, Izuku slams the steel toe of his boot against Stain’s knee. Stain lets out a sharp, indistinguishable shout of pain and springs backwards.

Izuku charges again, running, swinging. Stain ducks beneath his kick, and Izuku sends a knife flying for the villain’s face, right at his eye. Stain is forced to withdraw his own attack in order to dodge the knife. Izuku hits the ground and runs again, regrouping.

Come on…

He runs again, throws a knife.

Come on…

Stain dodges and swings his sword.

Come on…!

He’s just about to push past his limit and use Glitch to its full extent, golden tendrils and all, when something materializes in the darkness behind Stain. The villain draws closer, but his movements seem as though they’re happening in slow motion.

Behind him, Izuku sees two blurry, fuzzy figures. One of them is very tall, with glowing yellow eyes and a glowing smile to match. The other is only a quarter the size of the first, with slanted yellow eyes and a sad frown.

“Do it,” the older man prompts him, smile unwavering, and Izuku recognizes the voice. With a startling clearness, he actually recognizes the voice. The figure beside the man says nothing. Maybe he can’t.

“Do it,” the man prompts again, voice growing clearer. The voice is entirely his own, and Izuku hears every syllable. “Do it. It would be so much easier if you did.”

Kagami’s words flash through his mind’s eye. Izuku grinds his teeth together and tightens his grip on his knife. Now is not the time for this to happen, for him to deal with the personification of the people who held his Quirk before him, but—

Shut up, Sensei, Izuku tells the man firmly. You don’t control me anymore.

The man’s image, as well as the boy’s beside him, fade away.

And then, Glitch stops. Just like that, he feels it retreat further into him, where it’ll remain until the next time he calls to it.

Glitch is gone. He’d turned it off.

“Midoriya!”

Iida’s shrill voice snaps Izuku out of whatever trance he’d been in, but he can’t recover quickly enough. He throws three knives on a whim, but Stain is faster and he’d been distracted. Stain’s sword sinks into his shoulder, in one way and out the other.

Izuku’s cry of pain is cut short when he snaps his teeth together, and with his uninjured hand, he yanks two knives and throws them. Stain leaps out of the way, but one of the knives strikes him right in the hand. He hollers in pain, clutching his bleeding hand. Izuku hits the ground on his side, mind racing, blood soaking his shirt. He hears Iida’s voice behind him, but it seems to come from far off. Stain hits the ground across from him, glaring. His sword hits the ground between them.

Izuku is bleeding a lot worse than he should be. That’s the first thing he realizes. He pushes himself until he’s sitting up, clutching his shoulder. Blood runs from around his hand and between his fingers.

He probably hit an artery, Izuku realizes, hissing through his teeth. His vision is already going dark, and further up ahead, he sees Stain begin to move again, though much slower than before. He draws a clean sword from behind his back.

“You put up a good fight,” Stain says, raising his sword towards his face. “Your loyalty towards your friend is admirable, too. However, you will not hinder me from my goal.”

Izuku releases his shoulder and draws and throws another knife, but his aim is off and Stain is quicker. Two knives go flying. The first strikes Izuku in the shoulder once again; the second sinks straight through his palm and pins his hand up against the wall.

Izuku screams, almost biting his tongue when he snaps his teeth together. The knife in his shoulder pins him to the alley, and the other knife does the same, but with his hand. Blood runs down his thumb and forearm. The pain is dizzying.

“Don’t try again,” Stain warns, teasing another knife at his side. “I swore not to kill you, but I’m not past injuring you.”

The pain is making it hard to see, and bloodloss isn’t helping, but Izuku grits his teeth against it. He can’t concentrate enough to safely use Glitch. Stain is drawing closer to Iida. He raises his sword.

Izuku yanks the bloody knife from his hand, rides out the pain, and throws it as hard as he can.

This time, it actually lands, sinking into Stain’s calf. Stain howls and whirls around, eyes narrowed and furious. Blood runs down his leg, but the blade is blocking most of the flow.

“I warned you,” Stain says, and he moves forward, towards the bloody sword on the ground. “Guess we’re doing it this way.”

He draws his bloody sword closer to his face and licks it.

Izuku has barely enough time to register that before his entire body goes rigid, and he can’t move. He tries moving, tries forcing himself to draw another knife, but he can’t. He’s frozen. He’s bleeding and dizzy and frozen.

Stain, in the meantime, has no problem bringing up a knife and taking aim. “This is your own doing,” Stain says, eyes narrowed. He retracts his arm, then swings and releases the weapon. The knife gleams in the moonlight as it slices through the air towards him.

“Izuku—!”

It’s intercepted by Kirishima lunging right in the line of fire. The blade shatters against his shoulder, scattering to the ground in sad little shards. Stain’s eyes widen. Kirishima, gasping and panting for breath, stands between him and Izuku.

“What’d you get yourself into this time, Izuku…?” Kirishima breathes, shaking his head. “You get into more trouble than actual pro heroes.”

“It’s a bad habit,” comes Todoroki’s voice from the other end of the alley. A second later, Stain is forced to spring backwards to avoid Todoroki’s ice as it rushes towards him. Todoroki steps into the alleyway and places himself in between the Hero Killer and Iida, left hand up in flames.

Izuku’s head is light with giddy relief (and bloodloss, probably), and he lets out a breathy, shaky laugh. “Really cutting it close, don’t you think?” he asks, if just to say something.

“Yeah, well,” Kirishima says, picking a stance and putting up his fists while tendrils of red sparks crackle against his skin, “better late than never.”

“Fools,” Stain spits, but he’s grimacing against the pain. The blade in his leg is affecting him more than he’d originally let on, and his hand is still bleeding. “If you know what’s good for you, you’ll turn away now while you still have the chance.”

“I can harden my skin against his blades,” Kirishima says to Todoroki, more business-like than Izuku has ever heard him. “I’ll hold him off, check on Izuku and Iida.”

“On it,” Todoroki says, already turning towards Izuku. “Give me a shout if you need me!”

“Righto!” Kirishima says, and with a stupid salute, he springs at Stain like a flash of lightning.

Izuku isn’t worried about him. If ever Stain has “met his match,” it’d be now, against Kirishima. As long as Stain doesn’t have their blood, he can’t paralyze them, and as long as he keeps up his Quirk, Kirishima is impenetrable.

Now, Izuku himself, well, not so much.

“Midoriya.” Todoroki kneels by him, eyes on the blade in his shoulder and the blood down his shirt. Through blurring vision, it’s hard to make out exactly what kind of face Todoroki is wearing. “It’s bleeding a lot—”

“Artery,” Izuku manages, clenching his teeth. “I’m gonna bleed out if we don’t do something.”

Behind them, Izuku hears a clang as Stain’s sword hits Kirishima’s skin. The sword doesn’t shatter like the knife had, but Stain springs backwards regardless, out of the way. Kirishima charges, red tendrils of energy crackling all around him.

Todoroki’s left hand is still aflame. Izuku grits his teeth.

“You know what to do,” he says, looking Todoroki in the eyes. “I shouldn’t fight back. I’m still paralyzed.”

Todoroki grits his teeth, too, but he doesn’t have a choice. “Alright,” he bites, voice shaking. “Let me know if it’s too much.”

“Just do it.” His vision is going darker now. “Do it and get it over with.”

Todoroki begins, and it’s all Izuku can do to squeeze his eyes shut and keep from screaming.

Tenya watches all of it.

He watches Kirishima run and leap and swing at the Hero Killer, driving home each blow with as much strength as he can muster. The Hero Killer dodges, despite the knife in his leg, and his blood leaves blotchy streaks on the ground.

Closer—close enough for him to feel the flames—Todoroki has his left hand pressed against Midoriya’s bleeding shoulder. The bloody knife is on the ground nearby, beside Midoriya’s balled, shaking fist, and his other hand is bloodied and trembling. His teeth are clenched, his eyes are squeezed shut. The flames crackle and roar. Todoroki looks like he’s in an equal amount of pain.

In the meanwhile, Tenya is stuck. Frozen on the ground. Unmoving. He’s forced to watch all of this go down, and even though his eyes burn with smoke and tears, he can’t turn away.

The light of Todoroki’s flames dissipates. Midoriya’s balled fists loosen, and Todoroki steadies him with his uninjured shoulder when he tips to the side. “Stay with me, Midoriya,” Todoroki says, but his voice shakes. “Hang in there.”

Midoriya nods, but doesn’t respond verbally. Up ahead, Stain’s blade clangs against Kirishima’s arms, once, then twice. Kirishima ducks beneath a blow and yanks the dagger from Stain’s leg in one smooth swipe. Stain swings around, then dodges out of the way when Kirishima clumsily hurls the weapon at him.

Midoriya is down for the count, conscious but wounded. Todoroki has risen to his feet again, but he’s visibly shaking. Kirishima is holding his own, but—

“Gah!”

Kirishima springs back, skidding slightly when his feet hit the ground. He’s breathing hard, eyes narrowed in fury, but he’s clutching his arm. He isn’t bleeding, but he’s definitely hurt.

“Damn it—” he hisses,but cuts himself short. “—Todoroki—!”

Todoroki swings his left hand, and the flames burst fourth, forcing Stain back. Stain’s movements are faster now, more nimble despite his injury. The difference between his fighting style before and his fighting style now are night and day.

“I can give you an opening!” Todoroki says, glancing over at Kirishima as the flames roar and crackle around them and smoke fills the air. “When I say so, get in close! Watch your footing!”

“On it!” Kirishima agrees readily, and they launch their attack.

Tenya grits his teeth tighter, barely dragging his fingers into a balled fist, though his arm trembles with the effort. He still can’t move the rest of his body. He’s trapped on the ground.

Todoroki sends the ice fourth. Stain splinters it with a swift swing of his double swords. Kirishima runs and leaps at him, skin crackling; Stain’s blade hits his forearms, and he tumbles to the side, gets up, and tries again.

No…

“Kirishima, watch yourself!”

Kirishima dives to the side, and Todoroki sends out his flames. Stain dodges. It’s that simple.

“Everyone…” Tenya gasps, voice shaking. The tears finally break free, and he can’t stop or wipe them away. “Please... stop…”

They don’t listen. They probably can’t even hear him. Todoroki sends another round of ice. Kirishima fires off another punch. It hits its mark, but all it serves is another distraction. No finishing move. No end in sight.

“P-Please…”

They don’t stop.

“He’s getting faster!” Kirishima hollers, skidding out of the way. “Todoroki, the ice—!”

“I’m trying!” Another round. Stain breaks past it. “Kirishima—!”

Kirishima grinds his teeth and throws the punch. It’s stronger than the previous ones, nearly blasting Stain against the alley’s wall, but the villain recovers and keeps going. Faster.

“Kirishima, dodge!”

Kirishima does, and the flames rage.

“Stop!” Tenya tries, choking around his sobs. “Please, stop!”

“Iida.”

Tenya stops, and his eyes flicker down. Midoriya leans against the alleyway across from him, breathing hard, but more alert than before. His shirt is pulled back over his injury, and his eyes are glassy with hints of gold still left in his irises.

“...Iida…”

Tenya can barely hear him over the roaring flames and the buzz in his ears, but there’s no doubting the words he speaks.

“It isn't too late.”

Tenya stares.

“He’s right,” Todoroki grinds out, and Tenya shifts his gaze. Todoroki has his back to him, flames engulfing his hand and ice encircling the ground around him. “If you really want to stop this, Iida...then stand up! Keep your eyes on the person you want to become!”

Tenya stops.

And then, with a start, he realizes that he can move again.

Izuku is only half-aware of what happens after that. He sees Iida rise to his feet, watches him charge past Todoroki, towards the Hero Killer. He lands a devastating blow to Stain’s chest, forcing him to back off and giving Iida and Kirishima the time they need to regroup and form a plan. In the meantime, Todoroki sends forth his ice and fire, and Stain dodges accordingly, but he’s moving slower now. His wounds are getting the better of him.

Izuku watches. Todoroki lowers both arms, and Iida and Kirishima go in for the final blow. One after the other—a kick, then a punch—and Stain crumples to the ground in an unmoving heap with the victors standing by him, exhausted, hurt and breathing hard, but triumphant.

“...That was…” Kirishima breathes, wide-eyed. “I can’t...we actually took him out…”

“He made a lot of mistakes,” Todoroki pants, stepping back. “If it weren’t for Iida he would have overpowered us. And Midoriya’s knife to his leg caught up with him quickly.”

“Yeah, it—oh holy crap, Izuku!”

Kirishima turns and races towards him, kneeling on the ground and reaching out to grasp Izuku’s uninjured shoulder.

“I’m fine,” Izuku says, waving his uninjured hand idly. “I’m fine, just give me a second to breathe.”

“You lost a lot of blood,” Kirishima says, chewing on his lower lip (“We’ll take care of Stain,” Todoroki says behind him, and he and Iida find some ropes from the dumpster and begin securing the villain). “C’mon, we need to find some kind of a hospital, or call an ambulance—”

A sound cuts Kirishima off. Across from them, all the way on the other side of the alley, Todoroki and Iida stop what they’re doing. The sound is an odd one, like a swish of wind, subtle but definitely noticeable, except—it isn’t wind. The sound isn’t unfamiliar.

In unison, the four of them turn.

There’s a gaping abyss of black, swirling nothingness, and from its maw—from the gate—steps Shigaraki. He isn’t covered in disembodied hands like he was the last time Izuku saw him. His right hand is wrapped with gauze, his index finger a small stub of what it used to be. In this moment, he looks more “Tenko” than Shigaraki.

“You,” Kirishima says lowly, getting to his feet. Despite the fact he’d just come out of a battle and is clearly exhausted and worn, he puts up his fists and shifts into a stable fighting stance. “What are you doing here, huh?”

“I couldn’t help but stop by,” Shigaraki says, eyes on Izuku. “People have their eyes on you lot, you know. Villains, heroes, civilians…”

He takes a step forward.

“You’re brave, you know,” Shigaraki says. Todoroki and Iida move forward to stand alongside Kirishima. “All of you. You’re stronger than the world gives you credit for. I think Stain underestimated you.”

Izuku curls his fingers around the hilt of a knife. “What do you want, Shigaraki?”

“Isn’t it obvious, Dāku?” Shigaraki holds out his right hand, still a considerable distance away, but he’s moving in closer. “I want you to come home. I was upset with you for this,” he flicks his fingers, drawing attention to the one that’s missing and the bandages wrapped around his palm, “but I’ve forgiven you. If you come back with me...we can be a family again. I know we can, Dāku.”

Izuku opens his mouth, but that’s the only thing he has time to do.

“I dunno who the hell this Dāku person is,” Kirishima snaps, voice low. “Unless you’ve got Izuku mistaken for someone else.”

Shigaraki turns to him. “I believe it is you who has Dāku mistaken for someone else.”

Todoroki’s left hand goes up in flames. “His name is Izuku,” he says. “Midoriya Izuku. And whatever connections he had with you in the past are gone now. You’re just another villain.”

“And if you want to get to him,” Iida agrees, “then you’re going to have to get through all of us first.”

Izuku can’t help but stare, awestruck. “You guys…”

Shigaraki lets out a long, heaving sigh and shakes his head. “I didn’t want to threaten you,” he says, looking at Izuku once again, “but if you don’t oblige and come with me willingly, then I will be forced to kill one of your friends. Kurogiri’s Warp Gate is on standby; it wouldn’t be hard to end their lives.”

Izuku looks Shigaraki dead in the eyes. Maybe it’s the connection they’ve shared. Maybe it’s their time spent together growing up. But he doesn’t get any kind of threat vibe from Shigaraki. He never has.

Izuku raises his knife towards his own throat. “If you do that, Shigaraki,” he says, “then I’ll stab myself.”

Todoroki, Iida, and Kirishima all spin towards him, and Shigaraki’s eyes go wide. Now he’s listening. “You wouldn’t,” he says, shaking his head. “You wouldn’t, Dāku.”

Izuku narrows his eyes. “You wanna bet?”

“Midoriya—” Iida starts, but Izuku shoots a look his way that instantly shuts him up. They turn back to face their enemy; across from them, Shigaraki’s shoulders hunch, and he lets out a long, defeated sigh.

“I see,” he says, nodding. “Guess we’re going to have to do this the hard way, then.”

Another portal opens, right behind Izuku, and from it dashes a scrawny, winged Nomu. Izuku doesn’t even have time to react properly before claws sink into his already injured shoulder, and he’s jerked and yanked into the sky.

“Midoriya!”

“Izuku!”

Their voices call after him, but quickly fade out of his ears as he’s taken up, higher, higher, and higher into the sky until the world is a blur and he can’t make out his friends’ faces.

Do something.

He whips out a knife with his uninjured hand and stabs the Nomu’s foreleg with it. The creature lets out an inhuman shriek, which doesn’t help things whatsoever, but it doesn’t loosen its hold. Izuku retracts the blade and stabs again. Then again. And again. The Nomu’s blood splatters against his cheek and hand, but it won’t let him go.

He’s taken higher, and despite his best efforts, there’s nothing he can do about it.

Iida is the first to react, actually. “Get to him!” he barks, engines roaring to life. “I’ll stop Shigaraki, get to Midoriya!”

Eijirou and Todoroki spin around and bolt without another word, and Iida charges at Shigaraki. Eijirou doesn’t know the outcome of it, too focused on keeping One For All consistently through his skin as his feet pound the asphalt.

“Dammit, he’s too far away!” Todoroki hisses, teeth gritted. “We need a plan, and we need one now!”

Eijirou isn’t the smartest person out there. He isn’t a brilliant strategist, he isn’t a brainstormer, he isn’t even all that smart.

But his best friend is all of that and more.

“Todoroki, launch me!” Eijirou shouts. “Make a springboard with your ice! If I can get in the air, I might be able to stop the Nomu!”

Todoroki doesn’t argue. He skids to a halt, Eijirou doing the same beside him, and raises his right foot off the ground. “Ready?” he questions, and Eijirou nods. “Three, two, go!”

Todoroki slams his foot into the ground. Ice springs beneath Eijirou, and he launches himself off it with the added momentum, tearing into the sky.

Already, he’s closer. The speck that was the Nomu and Izuku is now distinguishable. Izuku is thrashing, stabbing the Nomu’s leg repeatedly, but the monster won’t let up.

“Izuku!”

Izuku’s head whips around. Their eyes meet. Eijirou reaches out.

“Grab my hand!”

Izuku stretches out his arm. For the briefest of moments, their fingertips brush.

And then another portal opens in front of the Nomu’s flight pattern, and the monster and Izuku disappear within the abyss. It almost takes Eijirou’s hand with him. If it’d closed one second later, it would’ve.

Eijirou’s eyes blow wide. He drops One For All, staring into the blank space where Izuku had been moments before.

He doesn’t even register that he’s falling until he hears Todoroki’s voice below, shouting his name. A ramp of ice springs beneath him; he slams into it and rolls down, barely feeling a thing. He comes to rest on his side, and he pushes himself to his hands and knees around the same time Todoroki catches up with him.

“Kirishima—” Todoroki stops short. He doesn’t ask. He doesn’t need to. His eyes are wide, disbelieving, and Eijirou has no doubt that his own expression mirrors that.

“Kirishima! Todoroki!”

Todoroki turns. Eijirou does not. Iida sprints towards them, eyes frantic, engines roaring.

“Did you stop him?” Todoroki asks, and there’s a hint of desperation to his voice. “Did you stop Shigaraki?”

Iida skids to a halt, engines smoking. “...No,” he says, “no, no, I couldn’t. He left in another gate before I had the chance to. Where’s—” He pauses, stammers; “Where’s Midoriya?”

No one answers him. Eijirou can almost see the moment when the realization dawns on his face. He takes a step backwards, wide-eyed.

“Don’t tell me he’s—” Iida stops himself and shakes his head. “Kirishima, Todoroki…?”

They can’t respond. Even if Eijirou wanted to—even if he had the words to say—he wouldn’t be able to.

When the realization really, really dawns on him, Eijirou bows his head against the ground, balls his fists, and lets out a long, guttural scream.  
Notes:

    \ o /

Chapter 31
Notes:

    if I was sorry for the cliffhanger I'd apologize but tbh I'm really not sorry so I won't bother : )

    So!!! moving on, this chapter is coming way earlier than usual but I'm getting my Holter monitor on tomorrow and I wanted to post this early, so!!! here you go!!! :D (btw a Holter monitor is just a portable little machine that records your heartrate. I'm getting one as a followup to my surgery, which went really well and I've fully recovered from!! thanks to all you guys who checked up on me and asked how that went and for all your support during that <3)

    Before we get st(ART)ed (HAHA SEE WHAT I DID THERE ok i'll stop now), ART!!!

    ItsBy(M)e

    Thank you so much!!! Enjoy the chapter everyone!! \o/

Chapter Text

The Midoriya household is the last place Eijirou wants to go. So naturally, that’s exactly where he finds himself.

He steps through the front door, shutting it behind him once he’s inside. It’d been unlocked, and he’d texted Inko to let her know he was coming. Immediately, Eijirou is swarmed by all of Izuku’s cats, mrrowing in confusion and curling around his ankles. Cat comes over to him as well, bumping Eijirou’s hand with his snout in what the dog probably thinks is a comforting gesture. In any other situation, maybe it would be.

Eijirou hears footsteps from further down, and he lifts his head just as Inko turns the corner. Their eyes meet, but Eijirou averts his gaze downwards, not wanting to maintain eye contact.

“Inko-san…” He steps forward, hands swinging at his sides limply. “Inko-san, I—”

Her arms snake around his shoulders and drag him into a tight hug.  He sighs longly and sinks into it, but doesn’t recuperate. Inko pulls away after a long, dragged out second, and Eijirou swallows back the lump in his throat and tries to speak.

“I’m sorry,” he strains, barely able to get the words out. “Inko-san, I’m—I’m so sorry—”

“It’s not your fault,” Inko says, framing his face with her hands and looking him in the eyes. “You did what you could, Eijirou. It’s not your fault. We’re going to get Izuku back, okay? Just don’t—don’t blame yourself.”

Eijirou takes in a long breath, then lets it out shakily with a nod. Inko lowers her hands down to her side, and it’s only now that Eijirou realizes she has her purse slung around her shoulder. Her car keys are attached to it, as well as Cat’s leash.

“I’m meeting Naomasa down at the police station,” Inko says. “We’re going to—discuss the situation. Do you want to come with me?”

Eijirou nods without a second thought, and Inko hooks Cat’s leash to his collar and lets Eijirou walk him while she shuts off the lights. It takes some time to make sure all the cats stay inside the house (Inko does a head count, actually), but once that’s done, she gestures for Eijirou to follow, and they head down the stairs, towards the street.

And now they’re driving down the road, rain falling all around them, the sky a rural, drowsy gray. Eijirou leans against the window and looks out at the passing buildings. In the background, the radio buzzes.

“And now we bring you back to your nightly programing. Thank you for choosing NHK, radio broadcasting. Before we continue on with our regular show, we have breaking news regarding U.A. student, Midoriya Izuku—”

Inko reaches over and changes the station.

“—Evening, ladies and gentlemen. If you haven’t already heard, recent tragedy has struck in Hosu City—”

Inko changes the station again.

“Before we bring you back to your regular programing, I have an announcement to make regarding a recent event. Last night, at approximately eight fifty-four, a U.A. student was—”

Inko doesn’t bother changing the station. She shuts the radio off, then returns her hand to the steering wheel and her eyes to the road.

The silence stretches.

“...Radio is overrated, anyway,” Inko says, shaking her head. “It’s like TV. All you do is flip through channels.”

Eijirou doesn’t look at her. “Yeah. Sure.”

He can feel her eyes on him, but she doesn’t say anything, and neither does he. The ride goes on in silence, rain splattering the windows and the windshield wipers brushing them away, until Inko pulls into the parking lot of the local police station.

She cuts the engine and reaches into the backseat, grabbing two closed umbrellas. She hands one to Eijirou, then takes her own and opens it over her head as she leaves the car.

Eijirou does the same, popping open the passenger seat and swinging the umbrella up over his head while Inko retrieves Cat from the back of the car. Eijirou takes the leash numbly, almost without registering it, and he and Inko hasten into the station.

Eijirou is alone now with only Cat to keep him company, sitting in one of the chairs at the waiting room. The white tiled floors reflect the yellow overhead lights; the only thing he hears is Cat’s panting, the rain pattering outside, and the tap-tap-tap as the desk clerk types away at his computer.

In another room a little further down, Inko is meeting with the detectives and whoever else was allowed in. On one hand, Eijirou gets why he couldn’t listen in, but on the other hand—

He gets to his feet as quietly as he can and makes his way across the room, circling the desk from behind.

It isn’t long before he hears quiet little pats behind him, and he turns around. Cat  stares back at him, the end of the leash clamped gently between his teeth.

“You can’t come,” Eijirou hisses as loudly as he dares. “Stay here, boy, alright? I’ll be right back.”

Cat whines softly, and Eijirou shushes him frantically. “Stay here,” he says, settling a hand over Cat’s muzzle. “Just, stay here. Sit. Stay. I’ll be right back.”

Obediently, Cat sits, but the look on his face is one of complete, utter betrayal and hurt. Eijirou bites his lip, determines to make this quick, and hastens towards the conference room’s closed door.

He doesn’t dare mess with the knob. Instead, he presses the side of his head against the door and holds his breath.

“—sending out search parties, but with the way he went, we have no idea how to get leads on him or the villains. It’s like he’s disappeared off the face of the earth”

It’s Aizawa’s voice, there’s no doubt about it. Eijirou takes a short breath and listens closer.

“We’re going to keep looking.” It’s Toshinori’s voice this time. He sounds exhausted. “We have our best men leading the investigation. I assure you, Midoriya-san, we’re going to do whatever it takes to find your son.”

That’s all Eijirou needs to hear. He backs away from the wall slowly as their voices fade out, then returns to the waiting room with Cat. He barely acknowledges the dog as he takes his seat again. Even when Cat nuzzles his leg, he barely feels it.

He’d hoped there would be something, anything that the heroes and detectives could go by that would lead them to Midoriya, but…

When Inko returns, looking more worn and weary than Eijirou has ever seen her before, she thanks the clerk at the front desk, then offers to walk Cat. If she notices the red in his eyes, she doesn’t comment.

[MESSAGING: TODOROKI SHOUTO]

[Kirishima Eijirou]
Hey, man. How’re you guys holding up?

[TODOROKI SHOUTO is TYPING…]

[Todoroki Shouto]
We’re hanging in there. Iida’s getting surgery done on his arm right now. It’s nothing serious, but the doctors are worried about nerve damage.
Is there any news on Midoriya?

[Kirishima Eijirou]
No. There’s nothing.
There’s absolutely nothing.

[TODOROKI SHOUTO is TYPING...]
[TODOROKI SHOUTO is TYPING...]
[TODOROKI SHOUTO is TYPING...]

[Todoroki Shouto]
We’re coming home soon. They kept me for shock but I’m really fine. Once Iida’s finished up and everything checks out clear, we’re heading back.

[Kirishima Eijirou]
Yeah, alright, keep me updated.

[Todoroki Shouto]
Yeah, you too.

[TODOROKI SHOUTO is OFFLINE]

Eijirou flops backwards on his bed and heaves a long sigh, his phone slipping from his fingers to rest on the blanket. His four dogs are lying on his bed with him, and while he’d usually push them off or tell them to get out of his room, right now he doesn’t have the heart.

The door of his bedroom creaks open. A streak of light filters through the room. “...Eijirou? I made dinner. I could bring you some if you don’t feel like coming out.”

“I’m fine, Mom,” Eijirou says, staring up at the star stickers on his ceiling. “Thanks. I’ll...I’ll come out later.”

Mom nods and backs out of the door, clicking it shut. Fetch nuzzles his head under Eijirou’s arm, and he strokes the dog’s fur gently. He feels like his mind should be racing right about now, but it isn’t. He feels nothing.

School is out of session while the others finish their internships, but for this state of emergency, the internships have been cut short, and the students will be returning home shortly. Eijirou still has to go grab his things from Gran Torino’s place at some point, but that’s the last thing on his mind right now.

His phone dings again, and he sighs and looks at it.

[MESSAGING: “FRIENDS”]

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
Oh my gosh Iida, Todoroki, Kirishima, I just saw the news.
Are you guys okay? Is Izuku okay? Have they found him yet?

[Frogger]
I saw the news too. I can’t believe it.

[Snow White]
Is it true? Is he really gone?

And at that moment, Eijirou begins to feel something. It starts in his throat and works its way down to his chest, where it quickly cuts off his circulation until he wants to scream, throw up, or maybe blackout.

He barely manages to type out a response. His hands are shaking so badly that he can barely hold the phone.

[No Bones About It]
I can’t talk about it right now. I’m sorry.
He’s gone. He’s gone and no one knows where he is.
I’m sorry. I can’t talk right now.

His phone dings a few more times, which tells him there are replies to that, but he can’t even bear to look at them. He sets his phone down and drags Fetch’s upper body against his chest, squeezing tightly. Fetch doesn’t seem to mind in the slightest.

Shouto arrives home the next morning, early, but Iida was told to stay overnight at Hosu General Hospital. The doctors said that he seemed alright, but considering the delicateness of the surgery, they want to be absolutely sure before sending him off.

Fuyumi is waiting for him at the station. Endeavor is nowhere to be seen, which is absolutely fine in his book.

“Shouto,” she breathes, stepping towards him as he disembarks, dragging his suitcase of belongings with him. She reaches out as though to touch his face, then stops at the last second, withdraws her hand, and shakes her head with a small smile. “There’s a taxi waiting for us,” she says, turning away. He follows her numbly. “We’ll go home, you can take a shower, I’ll make hot cocoa or something—”

“Nee-chan, there’s somewhere I need to go first.”

Fuyumi looks at him over her shoulder, eyes soft, but wondering. “Where?” she asks, turning to face him fully. “I don’t mind making a stop on the way home, just tell me where to—”

“I need to go alone.”

Fuyumi’s face doesn’t change. “...Oh,” she says, shaking her head. “Alright, I won’t stop you. I’m sure you need...time. Just give me a call if you need me to come get you, alright? And please get home before dark.” At this, she shivers and shakes her head feverishly. “I don’t trust this city.”

That seems to be a general thought on everyone’s mind considering what’d happened, but Shouto doesn’t say any of this. He nods, thanks her, and while she heads one way towards the waiting taxi, he heads another.

While he walks, he stuffs his hands into his pockets. His right hand brushes against his phone; his left hand brushes against the pocketknife Midoriya had given him.

It isn’t raining now as badly as it’d been raining yesterday, but the streets are still washed out and the sky is still gray. As Shouto passes the electronic shop, it doesn’t surprise him to see that all anyone wants to talk about on the news is the recent happenings concerning Midoriya.

“In the chaos of a massive villain invasion in Hosu City,” the reporter says, and Shouto can’t help but stop and watch, “a young boy, Midoriya Izuku—” His picture flashes on-screen for a moment; he’s wearing his school uniform with a blue tye-dye shirt underneath, pen scribbles on his face and eyes as dead and tired as ever, “—was abducted by the League of Villains. Tomorrow, Aizawa Shouta, one of the teachers at U.A. highschool, and detective Naomasa Tsukauchi will be holding a press conference to answer many nagging questions, as well as disclose their current information on Midoriya’s whereabouts. And now, it’s back to you, Himiko-san.”

Shouto moves onwards, but he clutches the knife a little tighter. He passes by people—men, women, kids, most of which stop in front of at least one of the televisions as they walk by—but doesn’t pay attention to them. A part of him wants to text Iida and the others, if just to see how they’re doing, but Iida hadn’t spoken to him at all in the hospital, and he doesn’t really feel like talking to anyone else.

So.

He takes the shortest route possible towards the forest. Deeper into the forest he goes, underneath canopies of trees still dripping with rainwater. He doesn’t even bother stepping around the muddy puddles; actually, he didn’t even realize he’d been walking straight through puddles until he feels something wet soak into his shoes and socks.

Even then, he doesn’t care.

He arrives at the heart of it all, where the trees have the most scars and the canopy is thickest. Once he’s there, he slows, then stops, standing right in the center, surrounded by scarred trees.

He pulls the knife from his pocket and holds it closer to his face.

It isn’t until right now that he notices his initials—T.S.—are carved into the hilt of the blade.

The realization sinks in slowly at first. And then it hits him like a truck.

He opens the knife, grinds his teeth together, and hurls it at the nearest tree. He intends for the blade to sink into the trunk, but his aim is lamentable and the knife simply bounces off and hits the forest floor with a soft thump.

Shouto snatches the knife from the ground and hurls it at another tree. The same thing happens. On his third attempt, it kind of embeds into the tree, but it doesn’t last long. He tries again.

And again.

And again.

And again.

And then he hears footsteps.

He spins around, arm retracted with the knife held between his fingers. Across from him, standing in the middle of a mud puddle, is Kirishima. One of his hands is stuffed in the pocket of his hoodie; the other hand is down by his side, fingers curled around a knife. On his wrist is a red and black bracelet, like the one Shouto is wearing, except Shouto’s swaps the black for white.

Shouto lowers his arm slowly. Kirishima meets his eyes.

They say nothing. In an unspoken moment, they promptly ignore each other and begin tearing away at the first layer of tree bark.

You could have stopped it, Shouto hisses at himself, swinging the knife. The gashes his blade leaves aren’t very deep, but that hardly matters. You could have stopped it. You were right there.

 

You had him, Eijirou seethes, clenching his teeth and sinking his own blade into one of the tree trunks. You had him. He was right in front of you. And you let him go.

You could have saved him.

You were so close.

You didn’t do anything.

He was right there.

You’re weak.

You’re pathetic.

Pathetic.

Pathetic.

Pathetic.

Shouto and Kirishima lay on their backs on the damp forest floor, breathing hard and staring up at the cloudy sky. Their knives are held loosely between their fingers, and the rain sprinkles down all around them, light but real.

“...It’s pretty amazing,” Kirishima breathes, staring up at the sky, “just how damn fast things went downhill.”

Shouto swallows hard and nods. “Yeah...it...it is.”

Kirishima doesn’t say anything else, but Shouto notices him grip the hilt of his knife a little tighter. A part of him wants to comment, but the rest of him knows Kirishima would appreciate it if just pretended it didn’t happen.

He holds his tongue and tries to get ahold of his own thoughts. It doesn’t go nearly as well as he would have hoped.

Eijirou spends another sleepless night at home, leaves the house without breakfast, and doesn’t actually stop to eat anything until half past noon. His friends should be getting back from their internships today, but he can’t bring himself to go meet them at the station, or even ask when they’re arriving. He doesn’t know what he’s feeling. He doesn’t know what he should be feeling.

He knows it’ll all sink in the second he stops to think about it. Which is why he’s doing everything in his power right now to not think about it.

Eijirou is heading further into the park when, a little ways up a head, he sees a familiar, black, fluffy blob of something speeding towards him. It isn’t running. Trotting. Quickly.

Eijirou’s brows furrow. “Cat?” he breathes, walking a bit faster. Sure enough, it is Cat, though his fur is damp with rainwater. Eijirou kneels down on the sidewalk and pets the dog’s head. “What are you doing out here al—?”

It’s now that he notices the two little white blobs curled atop Cat’s back. Eijirou lets out a long, heaving sigh and stands up again.

“You’re just like Izuku, you know,” Eijirou says, patting Cat on the head. “...C’mon, boy, if you’re gonna be out here you might as well walk with me.”

Cat boofs at him softly enough to not disturb his feline passengers, then trots alongside Eijirou when he starts back down the sidewalk.

When he thinks about it, he texts Inko.

[Kirishima Eijirou]
Hey, Inko-san. Just wanted to let you know, Cat’s with me.

[Midoriya Inko]
Oh dear me, he got out again.
I’m sorry. I really need to speak with his trainer about teaching him out of that. He’s been doing his own thing lately.

[Kirishima Eijirou]
Yeah
Also hope you’ve got room for two more cats because
Y e a h

[Midoriya Inko]
Oh dear.
Yes, that’s fine. At this point I’ve resigned myself to my fate.
Thank you, Eijirou. I can come get him if you’d like, or if you’d like to keep him with you you can stop by and drop him off later.

[Kirishima Eijirou]
Alright, let’s do that. See you later.

[Midoriya Inko]
See you. Be safe.

Eijirou pockets his phone without replying and continues on down the sidewalk. “How do you feel about doing a little exploring, huh, Cat?” he asks, turning towards said dog. Cat barks at him, which could mean anything, but Eijirou takes it as a yes and continues onwards.

“Izuku said he spent a lot of time in the sewers when he was sick,” Eijirou murmurs, more to himself than anything. “Maybe the villains have some kind of secret hideout down there that we don’t know about?”

He swears Cat glares at him.

“I know it’s cliche and all,” Eijirou defends, “but, y’know, it is a really big cliche. Plus, I don’t know, it just seems like a good way to kinda...kill time. Somewhere that’s not Inko-san’s apartment or my room.”

Cat gives no further indication of protest, and they head on. During rain seasons like this, the gutters are completely washed out, leading down a steep river that flows underground and eventually, out into the sea. Eijirou isn’t really sure what he plans to do once he gets there, and it sounds nasty already and he hasn’t even arrived, but it’s his last resort. Anything that isn’t the sewer will probably end up reminding him of Izuku. Even having Cat and the two kittens with him is hard enough.

They make it to the rush of dirty rainwater, disappearing down an overhang. Eijirou doesn’t waste any time, turning down the sidewalk that leads below with Cat hot on his heels. He’s torn with his reasonings for doing this; on one hand, he might be able to find clues that lead to Izuku if the villains really do have some kind of a base down here, but on the other hand, he wants to do it to distract himself from Izuku. His brain and emotions have never felt this messed up before.

Either way, he continues on. He pulls his small little blue flashlight from his pocket when the overhang sends a shadow around him, and he flicks it on and looks around. To his left there’s a rush of murky, dirty water; to his right is the wall of the overhang, and a little further up ahead, a door with the sign “MAINTENANCE TUNNEL” nailed over it.

Cat bumps him, and Eijirou shakes his head. “I don’t wanna stay for very long,” he says, advancing. “Just long enough to find something helpful. Maybe.”

Cat isn’t convinced whatsoever, but the dog is as loyal as he is skeptical, and follows Eijirou anyway. Eijirou reaches for the knob, expecting it to be locked, and is absolutely beside himself when the knob turns and the door swings open.

“...Uhhh…” He shines the flashlight into its gaping maw; the blue glow illuminates a set of stairs heading downwards. “...Guess we’re doing this, huh, Cat?”

Cat doesn’t look happy at all, but when Eijirou starts down the stairs, the dog trots along behind him.

“...It doesn’t look like a maintenance tunnel,” Eijirou murmurs, biting his lip. “At least, not yet it doesn’t...and there aren’t any ‘no trespassing’ signs, either. Or even any ‘danger’ warnings. Kinda weird…”

It certainly seems as though there’s something more sinister at play here. Cat’s soft footsteps continue behind him; the staircase ends, leading to a longer, damp tunnel. With the weak, blue glow of the flashlight, Eijirou can barely see in front of him.

“...Okay.” Eijirou advances, and Cat follows unhappily. “If I were a secret villain hideout in the sewers, where would I be…?”

Slowly, he begins to feel something akin to excitement and burning anticipation. This is it. He knows it. Every step he takes is one step closer to finding Izuku. The thought sends the rest of his doubts and fears away for the time being, and he presses onwards.

Except, that’s when he realizes there are several separate ways to go on either side of the tunnel, black, gaping, doorless shapes. There aren’t any signs, no clear direction on which way to go, and he stands there for a little while, contemplating.

“Okay...uhhh...this way.”

He takes a random hallway, and Cat follows obediently. Eijirou is beginning to feel vaguely claustrophobic, but that’s fine. He pushes past this.

And then, to his dismay, they come to another crossroad. There are only two options this time, but for some reason that makes the choice even harder.

“Left,” Eijirou decides—and then, “No, right. Right, yeah.”

He heads that way. Cat doesn’t seem concerned anymore, which is comforting.

“Okay—another crossroad, umm—let’s go left this time. ...Okay, right. ...Okay, uhh, let’s go straight. ...Left...Right…damn, this is a huge underground tunnel just for one sewer line. This has to be important. Okay, let’s go—left...”

It isn’t until a second later that he realizes he has no idea where he is, which way to go, or how to retrace his steps.

“Oh— great,” Eijirou breathes as soon as he realizes this, taking a step backwards and shining his light at the tunnel from whence they’ve just come. “Oh, crap, I really didn’t think this through. I should’ve brought some kind of pen, or something to keep markers with, but I didn’t think it’d be this—”

His foot hits air. His balance tips him back, and before he even knows it, the ground is gone, there’s wind around him, and Cat’s frantic yapping fills his ears.

He slams into something hard, solid and damp.

The first thing he hears, before even opening his eyes, is a distant, incessant bark.

Then, everything comes flooding back to him. He shoots into an upright position, breathing hard. He’s sitting in pitch darkness; the only light source at all is from his tiny little pocket flashlight, which had remarkably survived the fall. He reaches for it, dizzy but unharmed, and knocks his palm against it a few times when it flickers.

“Must’ve subconsciously used my Quirk…” Eijirou muses, rubbing the back of his neck. “Dangit...that could’ve ended badly…”

He hears the barking again, still distant but much clearer, and he shines his flashlight upwards. At the very top of a sudden, cliff-like drop off, he sees Cat’s shining eyes, reflected in the blue hue of his light.

“Cat!” Eijirou hollers, voice echoing back at and around him. “S-Stay there, I’m coming back up!”

He pinches the flashlight between his teeth and grips the side of the wall. It should be easy. He’d scaled the side of freaking U.A. Highschool before like it was no big deal.

Except, there’s water running down the sides of the wall, and he can’t get a secure grip. He must’ve hit his head, too, because he still feels dizzy and disoriented and he can’t keep his grip up for very long.

Eventually, he realizes there’s no chance. He can’t make it up there alone.

“Cat, I’m stuck!” Eijirou shouts, hoping the dog understands. “Go get help, hurry!”

Cat barks one last time, and then the light of his eyes disappears as he retreats back down the tunnel. Eijirou only hopes he knows where he’s going.

He turns away from the wall, shining his little flashlight into the darkness behind. There’s yet another tunnel this way, and he swallows back the lump in his throat.

“...For Izuku,” he tells himself, starting forward. “Do it for Izuku. And, who knows, maybe there’s another way out…”

He’s talking to himself. He misses Cat already.

Further onwards into the tunnel he goes, and now that Cat’s gone and he’s completely alone, he notices every little sound, every little drop of water, every footstep, every breath. It’s not driving him crazy yet, but another hour or so in solitude and, well, he doesn’t know. Maybe it will.

That, and his mind is dragging him back to thoughts of Izuku and the villains and his kidnapping, and that’s doing nothing to help his state of mind right now. He walks on in the darkness for a while longer, further downwards, with absolutely no idea where he’s at or where he’s going,

And then something grabs his shoulder.

Eijirou shrieks and fires up his birth Quirk immediately, swinging around with a balled fist, flashlight clutched in his opposite hand. He clenches his jaw, shifts into a stance, shines his light at the offender’s face—

He stops.

The offender is a man, older, maybe fourty or fifty, with a few gray hairs reflecting the blue hue of Eijirou’s flashlight. The rest of his features are primarily shrouded in the shadow, but his hair is dark. His eyes are red like blood and wide with shock, but there’s something very sad about his gaze, too. Something very deep and very raw.

Eijirou stares at him, eyes blown wide. He’s never seen the man in person. It’s been years since anyone’s seen him.

But for some reason the answer is all too clear.

“...Crimson Riot?”

The man’s face doesn’t change. His eyes are wide with wonder, fear, and disbelief.

“...Eijirou?”
Chapter 32
Notes:

    Back at it again! :D Thanks for all your support last time, guys!! And I'm sorry about all these cliffhangers. I promise I'll stop leaving you guys on them eventually :')

    I don't have a whole lot to say this time, so I'll just get right to it! Before we begin, art!

    arumaart

    Thank you so much!! I hope you all enjoy the chapter! :D

Chapter Text

The villain is lying in a crumpled, bloody heap on the asphalt, unmoving, barely breathing. A flash of lightning illuminates his still frame; a scythe lies beside his limp hand, the blade soaked in rainwater and blood.

The hero stands over the villain, breathing hard, fists balled, trembling. The rain falls around them both, bathing the street, and for a long while, nothing changes.

And then, the hero snaps out of his daze, spins on his heel, and rushes in the opposite direction.

“Akane!”

He crashes to his knees on the asphalt beside the bloody, trembling body of a young woman. She’s breathing heavily, too weak to push herself upright, and her blood is washed away with the rainwater down the gutters. He gathers her into his arms and holds her close, trying to meet her eyes.

“Akane,” he gasps, brushing her hair from her face. “Akane, why would you…”

Akane smiles at him through tears, and she reaches upwards and touches his cheek gently. “I’m sorry,” she strains, then sucks in a sharp breath as the tears begin to fall and her face contorts in agony. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have gotten involved. I-I just...I couldn’t just stand there...and let you die…”

He shakes his head and holds her tighter, tears burning his eyes. “You should have let it happen,” he chokes, shaking his head again. “You should have. Akane, you should have…”

She laughs softly, brokenly, and the tears fall faster. “I couldn’t have, Ryo, you know that. You know I couldn’t have. Just…” She moves her hand weakly, and he encircles it with his own. “Promise me. Promise me you’ll take care of our son. He’ll need you now more than ever.”

Ryo’s breath gets caught on the sobs in his throat, but he nods. “I will. I will, I promise you.”

She smiles faintly. The tears stream down her face harder, and then suddenly, not at all. The light fades from her eyes. She stops shaking and lies still in his arms.

As the rain falls and Ryo embraces her lifeless body, he finally allows himself to break.

Knock, knock, knock.

“What in the...who could that be? At this time of night?”

“I don’t know. Hand me the bat, and get ready to call the police just in case.”

“Okay—here. I’ll go with you.”

“Alright, but stay behind me.”

The locks slide back, the door swings open. A man and woman—both young, maybe in their early twenties—stand in the doorway warily, each holding an improv weapon of some kind. The husband has a bat, and the wife, a black, heavy-duty flashlight.

They stop when they notice the small basket on the porch, overflowing with blankets and with a note taped to the handle. They exchange glances; and then, the wife hands over the flashlight and kneels down, investigating.

Her eyes go wide. So do her husband’s. They look at each other, then, in unison, at the note.

Ryo waits until the wife lifts the basket into her arms and disappears inside with her husband before he rises to his feet. He watches the home long after the door shuts, and when his fear has settled, he turns away for the last time.

“I’m sorry, Akane. I broke my promise. I wasn’t strong enough. Our son deserves a life better than what I could give him.”

A flash of lightning cracks the sky, and with the rain falls Ryo’s tears. He’ll never see his wife again, and now, he’ll never see his son again, either.

Except, here he is, red hair and red eyes. His mother’s eyes. There’s no mistaking that color. There’s no mistaking that light. Eijirou’s eyes had always been red—and the way those eyes widen with shock and realization when Ryo calls him by name is only further confirmation.

Eijirou had called him Crimson Riot. Ryo hadn’t heard that name in years. On the other hand—

“How did you know who I was?” Eijirou demands, sliding his foot backwards. It’s subtle, but he’s moving into a fighting stance. Ryo can’t blame him. “Did you see the Sports Festival? Who are you?”

“Eijirou—” Ryo takes a single step forward, then stops.

Eijirou’s hand, the one holding the small, blue flashlight, is trembling.

Something floods into Ryo’s chest. An array of emotions so strong and so raw that he actually stumbles backwards for a moment. Eijirou stares him down, but he’s trembling harder now. They both are.

“...You...already know who I am,” Ryo realizes, scant of breath. “You already know.”

Eijirou’s jaw tightens. He swallows hard. For the longest of times, neither of them say anything.

And then, “...Come with me,” Ryo says thickly. “Let’s...let’s talk.”

Eijirou’s heart is racing. He walks down the hall, following Crimson Riot, with only his small blue flashlight to guide his way. The tunnel seems like it lasts forever, and for a while, he doesn’t think it’ll stop, but it does, ending in a tall, metal door that looks like it belongs to a bomb-shelter.

“Inside,” Crimson Riot says heavily, turning the wheel. With a loud creak that hurts Eijirou’s ears, the door unlatches and swings open. “Come on.”

Crimson Riot goes first, and Eijirou follows shortly. Once he’s inside, Crimson Riot shuts and latches the door behind him.

The space is lamentably small and cramped, with an arm chair and a bed up against the same wall, along with what looks like a bearskin rug on dirty floorboards. The room is illuminated with mere oil lamps that are set on the tiny coffee table and nailed into the walls. There’s a small electric stove as well, with a tea kettle atop it.

“I’m sorry about the cramped space,” Crimson Riot says, traveling further into the room and messing with said kettle on the stove. “Usually it’s just me.”

Eijirou is completely dumbfounded, but at long last, his muddled brain begins to tick again.

“You’re...a hermit.”

He hadn’t meant for it to come out that way, but it did, and Crimson Riot’s shoulders heave with a heavy sigh. He nods, but doesn’t answer verbally or elaborate.

Eijirou swallows hard. “...Why?”

Crimson Riot goes stiff, fingers curled around the handle of the kettle. He sighs again, but this time, he actually turns to Eijirou. There’s a look in his eyes—filled with pain and longing and sorrow—and the worst part of it all, there’s a sense of familiarity in there, too. Eijirou knows him, and he doesn’t know him as Crimson Riot. Seeing him in person has told him something different. Something closer.

Eijirou looks Crimson Riot in the eyes and says, and he hates the crack in his voice,

“Why did you abandon me?”

Crimson Riot’s eyes shimmer in the firelight, but he turns away once more. For a long while, he stands with his back to Eijirou; and then, he lowers himself onto the edge of his bed. The entire bedframe creaks beneath his weight.

He gestures to the armchair. “Sit down, Eijirou, please.”

Eijirou’s emotions are so out of whack that everything he’s feeling has come in full circle, leaving him completely numb and emotionless. As such, he doesn’t move.

“There’s no reason why I should let my guard down around you,” he snaps. “Just tell me why you did it. Tell me why you left me, and don’t you dare sugarcoat anything.”

Crimson Riot watches him for a long moment, then resigns.

“...Your mother,” Crimson Riot says heavily. “Akane. She was…” He stops, runs a scarred, calloused hand over his face. “She was an accountant for a hero agency downtown. Her car broke down on her way home from work, so I ran to pick her up. But...”

Something in Eijirou’s heart already knows the answer. Slowly but surely, he begins to feel again.

“We were attacked,” Crimson says thickly, shaking his head. His hand shrounds his face from Eijirou’s sight. “We were attacked, and she was murdered. Right in front of me.”

There’s a lump in Eijirou’s throat. He can’t swallow it back.

“I didn’t know what to do,” Crimson says, lowering his hand. His eyes are bloodshot, and there are tear tracks down his face. “I didn’t know what to do, Eijirou. If I couldn’t protect her, then what made me think I could protect anyone else? Protect you?”

His heart races faster. The edges of his vision go blurry.

“I left you,” Crimson manages, “because I didn’t want to lose you. And then, when I knew you were safe, when I knew you would have a better life, I left it all behind. I couldn’t save your mother no matter how hard I tried. I was a disgrace of a hero. Of a father. A husband. I didn’t retire. I didn’t say a word. I left everything behind and came here to die.”

The silence hangs over the room like a thick haze. Slowly, Eijirou loosens his fists. The tension in his shoulders ease. His eyes stop burning. He lifts his head, staring, thinking. Realizing.

“...You ran away.”

The trance is broken. Crimson leaps to his feet, and Eijirou feels physically struck by a sudden torrent of feelings. First it’s sorrow. Then it’s rage. Then it’s indistinguishable.

“Eijirou, please,” Crimson says, reaching out. “Please, you have to understand—”

“You ran away,” Eijirou repeats, and although his eyes are dry, his balled fists tremble. His chest fills and fills until he’s ready to burst.

“Listen to me, Eijirou, please. Calm down—”

The ringing in his ears reaches a crescendo, and Eijirou snaps.

“Shut up!” Eijirou barks, chest heaving, shoulders trembling. “You throw all of this at me and you expect me to calm down!?”

“Eijirou, please!” Crimson tries, pleading. “Please. I know you’re upset you have every right to be mad at me for leaving you, but—”

“I’m not pissed at you for leaving me!” Eijirou yells, cutting him off. “I’m pissed at you for leaving them!”

Crimson opens his mouth to say something else, but Eijirou isn’t finished.

“All the people who looked up to you—all the people who depended on you—not just me, but everyone! Retirement is one thing, I get that, but abandonment —that’s— that’s something else!”

“Eijirou—”

“What if you could have saved him!?”

He knows he’s being unfair. He knows he’s being irrational. But damn it, damn it, he doesn’t care.

“My best friend lost literally everything but he’s still trying! He’s still moving forward and he’s still doing what he can! He knows he can’t save everyone. We’re human. But you can’t run away!”

He’s not being fair. He’s not even thinking clearly. He’s angry, he’s scared, he’s upset, and he knows he’s going to regret these words but—

“I even looked up to you,” he strains, and his eyes fill with tears. “I looked up to you because you never gave up. And now...I guess I shouldn’t have. I was wrong.”

The pain in Crimson’s eyes almost makes him wish he could snatch the words right back. Almost.

“Eijirou—”

“I’m leaving,” Eijirou says, spinning on his heel. “I have a friend who needs me, and I’m not going to give up on him. Even if he’s already gone, even if I’m too late, I—I’m not going to stand by if there’s something I can do. I need to find him.”

He whips his flashlight from his pocket to shine his way, and just like that, he leaves. Crimson doesn’t follow him, and Eijirou doesn’t look back. He almost doesn’t trust himself to. His eyes are burning, his chest is tight, and he feels like he just swallowed a pint of nails.

He leaves and even though some part of him wants to, he never looks back.

It’s a straight tunnel back to the abrupt drop off, and he walks the trail alone, water splashing against his shoes when he walks through puddles of murky, questionable something. There isn’t a part of him that doesn’t hurt some way or other, and he’s never wanted to cry so badly before in his entire life. He walks alone in the dark, cold, hurting.

And then, he hears barking.

“Hello!? Is someone down there!?”

Eijirou’s eyes blow wide, and he redoubles his pace, hitting every puddle in his haste. “Uraraka!?”

He reaches the drop off and shines his light upwards, and sure enough, there she is. He can barely make out Uraraka’s face, peering over the edge right next to Cat’s, but she’s definitely there.

“Hey!” she shouts, waving. “H-Hang on, I’ll get you out of there—!”

“How did you find me!?” Eijirou hollers up to her, wide-eyed but relieved. “I thought you guys weren’t getting back until later—!”

“It is later!” Uraraka shouts down at him. “Hey, step back! I’m jumping!”

Eijirou does what she says, and she leaps over the side of the drop off. Moments before she hits the ground, she taps herself with her fingertips; she floats for just a second, then releases it. Her shoes splash water when she lands.

“Are you okay?” she asks, squinting against his flashlight. He guides it at the ground so she doesn’t have to, then nods.

“I’m fine,” he says (physically, at least. He’s fine physically). “Let’s just get out of here.”

Uraraka nods, takes his hand, and taps him on the shoulder. He floats and brings her up with him, and when they’re close enough to the lip, Uraraka reaches out and grasps Cat’s collar. Cat pulls them backwards, and she lets go and releases her Quirk. They land without incident.

“Come on,” Uraraka says, snatching her own flashlight up from the ground and leading the way. “Let’s go.”

Eijirou nods, and he and Cat follow her lead.

“—That sounds pretty scary,” Uraraka comments, facing forward. They’re headed down the sidewalk, a dark, cloudy sky above them. Cat’s name tags jingle as he trots alongside them with a growing amount of kittens on his back. “I’m sorry I didn’t get there sooner, I didn’t know what Cat wanted at first, and I’d just gotten off the train, and then I had to make sure I put markers down the tunnels so I knew how to get out—”

“It’s okay,” Eijirou cuts in, shaking his head. “I’m just glad you were there. Thanks.”

Uraraka smiles, but it looks very fragile and broken, and she turns away again. “Yeah,” she says uncomfortably, “but—”

“Hey, look! It’s U.A.!”

Uraraka and Eijirou flinch and spin towards the voice, but they aren’t being spoken to; rather, a group of civilians have gathered around one of the plaza’s JumboTrons. On-screen, Aizawa and Naomasa straighten out of their bow and face the press conference before them.

Uraraka bites her lip. “I forgot they were doing this,” she says, wringing her hands together. “This doesn’t look good…”

“Question!” one of the reporters says, hand shooting into the air. “Naomasa, can you please tell us where you are thus far in the investigation? It’s been a full day, surely you have some leads?”

On-screen, Naomasa releases a massive sigh, but stays professional. “We’re putting every effort into finding and ensuring the safety of Midoriya Izuku. We haven’t struck any leads yet, but we will stop at nothing to get him back.”

“I have a question!” another hollers, leaping to their feet. “Is it true that the students had a run-in with the Hero Killer, Stain? How do you explain that? Is Stain working with the League of Villains?”

It’s Aizawa who answers, leaning into the mic. “At the moment, we are unsure whether or not Stain and the League are in alliance with each other, and we will not release any information regarding that until we are absolutely certain one way or the other.”

“Aizawa, Midoriya Izuku is one of your students at U.A., is he not? How do you feel about his recent kidnapping by the League? Do you think it was the fault of U.A. that this happened?”

“They’re baiting him,” Uraraka whispers, then brings a hand to her mouth. “So this is what this is. They don’t care about Izuku. All they want to do is make U.A. look bad.”

When she lowers her hand again, she’s shaking. Eijirou doesn’t comment.

Aizawa leans into the mic once again. “The villains struck in Hosu City. They did not strike at U.A.”

“But isn’t it your responsibility as a hero to ensure the safety of your students?”

“Wasn’t he kidnapped during the internships, which were set up by U.A.?”

“Where are the leads, Eraserhead? How can you stand there and tell us that you have the situation under control when you have no idea where the villains are?”

Eijirou clenches his teeth. “Let’s go.”

Uraraka turns to face him, wide-eyed. “Kirishima…?”

“Let’s go.”

Her eyes shimmer, but she nods shakily and turns away with him. The noise of angry reporters and civilians fade into the distance as they hurry down the sidewalk in the opposite direction.

Eijirou drops Cat off with Inko, but declines her offer for dinner. Even just standing by the front door and watching all of Izuku’s cats curl around Inko’s ankles makes his heart ache, and he wants to get out of there as soon as possible. Inko seems to understand this, because she lets Cat in, tells him to call her if he needs anything at all, then lets him go.

Not too long thereafter, Eijirou unlocks the front door of his own house and heads inside. It’d started raining on his way back, so he pulls off his shoes and sweatshirt by the door before heading inside.

He hears a reporter’s voice, a glimpse of Aizawa’s—and then the sound of their TV powering down. He heads into the living room and sees Mom and Dad sitting on the couch, heads turned in his direction.

He stops in the doorway. Dad’s hand is on the remote.

“Welcome home, Eijirou,” Mom says, smiling, but it looks more like she’s about to cry and less like she’s genuinely happy. “It’s good to—”

“Did you know?” Eijirou asks, the words coming out sharper than he’d wanted.

Mom frowns. “Know what?”

“Did you know Crimson Riot was my father?”

Their eyes widen, and they exchange a startled glance, which basically tells Eijirou everything. Mom looks at him, then scoots over and pats the spot in between her and Dad. With little hesitation, Eijirou crosses the room and sinks down in between them, shoulders hunching. Mom’s hand squeezes his own, and Dad threads his fingers together loosely.

“...We called the authorities when we first found you,” Dad starts slowly. “We didn’t know what else to do. All we had to go by was that note, and even then, all it said was your name and some more flowery words. The first thing the detectives did was run your DNA through the system, and, well...they told us first.”

Eijirou takes in a breath through his nose and tries swallowing the lump in his throat. “I’m not—I’m not mad that you didn’t say anything,” he strains, “b-but—why didn’t you?”

Mom squeezes his hand, and the silence stretches for a time. “...When we first realized the truth,” she says softly, “we resented him for what he did. Even if he had his reasons, even if he thought he was right...he was giving away his son to total strangers. He was willing to throw you in the hands of anyone who would take you. He didn’t know who we were. He didn’t know the first thing about us. Even though we would never hurt you, he didn’t know that.”

“We hated him, son,” Dad speaks, shaking his head. “And maybe it’s selfish that we hated him, maybe it was wrong, but we did. We hated that he was willing to give you up like that, and when we decided that we actually wanted to adopt you...we talked about it. For months. And…”

He looks across Eijirou at Mom, and she sighs and shakes her head.

“We decided that we didn’t want you to deal with that,” Mom continues where Dad left off. “We didn’t want to give you that kind of life, where you constantly questioned why a hero would give you up, why you weren’t enough for him, or whatever his reasons were. We didn’t want you to have to deal with that your entire life.”

“And maybe that was selfish, too.” Dad hangs his head, wringing his hands. “You had every right to know, son. If you’re upset with us...if you’re angry...that’s within your rights, too.”

Eijirou isn’t mad, though. Not at them.

“...Would you... would you have told me?” he asks, voice nothing more than a feeble crack. “Eventually. Would you…?”

The silence that follows isn’t a short one. Mom lets go of his hand and folds them in her lap.

“...I don’t know.” She looks down at her hands, eyes shining, face contorted in pain as she tries to hold back her tears. “I don’t know.”

Dad doesn’t add anything. Eijirou doesn’t move for the longest of times—and then, he rises to his feet.

“Thanks for being honest,” he says, not knowing what he’s feeling. “I’m—I’m going to go for a walk.”

They don’t stop him. He slips on his shoes, forgets his hoodie, and leaves.

[UNREAD MESSAGES]

[TOSHINORI-SAN (4) ; “FRIENDS” (28) ; TODOROKI SHOUTO (2) ; URARAKA OCHAKO (4)]

[MISSED CALLS (6)]

It’d been a while since Eijirou actually checked his phone. He’d had it with him in the sewers, and for a little while he berates himself for not thinking to use it, but the more he thinks about it, it becomes clear that he wouldn’t have had service all the way down there. He forgives himself.

Now, on the shoreline of Dagobah beach, with an overcast sky and a cold wind biting through his skin, Eijirou sits in the cold, damp sand and watches the waves tumble against each other. His knees are against his chest, and he has his arms wrapped around them. He scrolls through his phone with his thumb.

[Uraraka Ochako]
Don’t look at the news. They took an intermission and are at it again.
I heard from Iida finally, but he didn’t say a whole lot.
Are you okay?  

[Uraraka Ochako]
You don’t have to, but we’re here to talk if you need someone. <3 None of us are alone here.

He doesn’t respond to her. There’s nothing he wants to say.

[Todoroki Shouto]
Iida’s surgery went well. He’ll be home tomorrow.
Listen, this is probably the last thing you want to here, but you aren’t alone. If you need someone we’re all here. That’s something I learned from Midoriya. And you.

He doesn’t answer, and when it comes to their group chat, he doesn’t even bother reading through. He scrolls through it in the blink of an eye to get rid of the notifications, then goes right to his and Toshinori’s messages.

[Toshinori-san]
I haven’t seen you in a while. Are you alright?
We’re knee-deep in the investigation. We’re going to bring Midoriya home, I promise.
Don’t blame yourself for what happened, alright? None of it was your fault.
I’m here to talk if you need someone.

And Eijirou doesn’t know why, but those final words—even though his friends had repeated them multiple times over—really hit their marks. They hit their mark, and they bring up so many things; all of Eijirou’s pain, all of his fear, every emotion he felt towards Crimson Riot, every emotion he’d felt towards his parents, every emotion he’d felt towards the villains, and finally, every feeling he’s ever felt towards Izuku.

With shaking hands, he types and sends a message.

[Kirishima Eijirou]
please help me

It’s the first time Toshinori had heard from Kirishima since the incident, and those words strike more fear into him than anything else he’s ever heard. He’d been less scared battling villains. He doesn’t send a response, he doesn’t wait around, he simply goes.

He doesn’t know what part of him knows exactly where to find his successor, but his feet carry him straight to Dagobah beach. Kirishima is standing there, back to Toshinori, facing the ocean. He has his phone in one hand.

Toshinori approaches quickly at first, then stops, thinks better of it, and slows to a gentler walk. Kirishima hasn’t noticed his presence yet, and the last thing Toshinori wants to do is scare him. Especially with everything else that’s going on. The press conference had been a complete failure, and it only served to damper the hearts of everyone on the investigation; Toshinori included. As if Midoriya’s kidnapping wasn’t already upsetting enough.

Toshinori steps up, and right when he’s about three feet away from him, Kirishima speaks.

“It’s my fault.”

Toshinori stops dead in his tracks. “Kirishima, my boy, that’s not—”

“It’s my fault, Toshinori-san.” Kirishima doesn’t look at him, but his shoulders shake. “I was right there, I almost had him. Our hands even touched. A couple more inches, and I could’ve—I would’ve been able to save him. But I didn’t.”

No. This is exactly what Toshinori had been afraid of. “Kirishima, if you could have saved Midoriya, you would have. I know you would have. It isn’t your fault the villains—”

“It’s my damn fault I wasn’t good enough!” Kirishima bellows, whirling around. HIs teeth are gritted, and his eyes are filled with tears. “Don’t you get it, Toshinori-san? Don’t you get it? I’m supposed to be a hero, I’m supposed to be your damn successor, but I couldn’t even protect someone who was right in front of me!”

“We can’t save everyone,” Toshinori says, but the words seem flat and he knows, knows that they don’t make any impact whatsoever. “It wasn’t your fault, Kirishima, please—”

“The only reason I accepted One For All was for Izuku!” Kirishima barks, voice breaking all over the place. “I knew my own Quirk wasn’t strong enough! I knew I couldn’t protect him with everything he went through! I wanted to be able to be there for him no matter what, and if I can’t do that, if I can’t even protect my best friend, then w-what’s—”

His voice cracks and break. He takes in a shuddering breath.

“Then what’s the damn point?” Kirishima asks, burying his face in his hands. “What’s the damn point of even trying to be a hero if I can’t even protect my best friend?”

“My boy, please—”

“My dad is Crimson Riot!” Kirishima snaps, tears flying. “And my birth mom is dead, Toshinori-san, she’s dead! And he let me go! And my mom and dad kept it from me! And Izuku is gone, and you have no clue where he is! He could be dead right now and no one would have any idea!”

Kirishima stops abruptly and drags in a long, heaving breath. Before Toshinori can get a word in edgewise, he launches right back into it.

“And I’m trying not to let it get to me!” Kirishima bites, but his voice breaks. He wipes his eyes but the tears keep falling anyway. “I’m trying to be that ‘unbreakable shield.’ I’m trying not to let it break me, but I can’t. I’m not—”

He meets Toshinori’s eyes, and Toshinori sees pain. Pain and loss and fear and regret and hurt.

“I’m not strong enough,” Kirishima says hoarsely, voice nearly gone. “I wasn’t strong enough to save him, and—I’m not strong enough to lose him. I can’t lose him, T-Toshinori-san, I can’t—I can’t lose him—”

Toshinori steps forward, holding out his arms, and Kirishima falls into them, sobbing. He hugs Toshinori fiercely, and Toshinori returns the gesture, winding his arms around Kirishima’s heaving shoulders, tight enough to be secure but loose enough should he want to pull away.

“It’s all my fault,” Kirishima chokes, voice muffled. “It’s all my fault he’s gone, Toshinori-san—it’s all my fault, it’s all my fault—”

“It’s not your fault,” Toshinori promises, squeezing him tighter. “It’s not your fault, my boy. We’re going to get him back. We’re going to get him back no matter what, I promise. I swear it.”

Kirishima’s tears redouble, and Toshinori holds him until it’s over.

In another room further into the apartment, something shatters.

Inko stiffens, hand stilling with the pen still clenched between her fingers. She lifts her head in the direction from whence the noise had come, and it’s not just her; Cat, too, whips around in that direction. For a little while, Inko wants to blame it on a cat knocking something over, but all the cats are currently curled around Cat on his dog bed.

Which means—

She hears footsteps.

Cat gets to his feet when Inko does, and she dials 110, turns her phone volume all the way down, and leaves it ringing. After that, she takes the pen with her and starts down the hallway, towards Izuku’s room. The sound had come from here, she’s sure of it. Behind her, Cat moves silently, and the cats are on high-alert, tails three times their usual sizes, pupils dilated. Nothing about that is a good sign.

She barely starts down the hall when the door to Izuku’s room suddenly bangs the wall, and in the doorframe stands a hooded figure with tiny, shark-like eyes and long, jagged claws on his knuckles.

His eyes meet Inko’s. “There you are,” he says, turning towards her, flicking his wrist as though to make sure she knows his claws are there. “Now listen, lady, I don’t want any trouble. If you come willingly, I won’t have to hurt you.”

Inko takes a step backwards, and the villain moves forward.

It’s the biggest mistake of the villain’s life. The moment his foot touches the ground, an indistinguishable ball of fur springs at him and latches onto his face, snarling and lashing like some demon straight from the bowels of hell. The villain shrieks and thrashes, trying to get Fistfight off, but the other cats take Fistfight’s attack as a call to action and immediately spring on him, digging their claws into his legs, thighs, stomach, arms, chest; Rainbow goes right for his scalp, burying her claws into his skull, and he thrashes harder, so confused by the mixed pain signals that he’s rendered immobile.

Cat comes bounding out of Izuku’s room with a syringe of Quirk suppressants clenched between his teeth, and Inko meets the dog half-way, takes the syringe, then springs at the villain herself.

She latches onto his wrist and yanks his arm towards her; he’s still flailing, but she’s injected Izuku plenty of times while he was thrashing, and while the villain is stronger than Izuku, the attacking felines make up for that. She jabs the syringe into his arm and pushes the plunger all the way down in one fluid movement.

The reaction is immediate. The villain stops struggling, and he sways to and fro on unsteady feet; without waiting for him to recover, Inko kicks him in the knee as hard as she can. The villain howls and loses his balance. The cats spring off him agily, and when he hits the ground, they circle him like lots of furious, fluffy sharks, snarling and hissing.

“What—” The villain is still conscious, if barely, but he’s dazed. “What in the hell—”  

Cat sits on his chest, effortlessly pinning him down. The villain chokes, but when he tries pushing Cat off, the dog snaps at him and almost takes off three fingers. After that, the villain backs down.

“Keep him there,” Inko says, and she swears Cat nods before she gets to her feet and races back into the living room for her phone. She swipes it from the coffee table and holds it to her ear.

“Hello? Are you still there?”

“Inko?” It’s Naomasa. He sounds urgent. “What’s wrong? What happened?”

“I think I almost got abducted,” she says, glancing down the hall. The cats aren’t circling the villain anymore, rather sitting around him in a circle while Cat snarls in his face. “I have a villain at my house right now. He’s been neutralized, but if you can get here as fast as you can, I’d appreciate it.”

“Oh damn — okay, we’re on our way. I already dispatched a team when you didn’t respond, so they should get there any minute now. They’ll bring you to the station, we can talk there.”

“Thank you.”

“Are you sure you’re alright? You seem...startlingly calm...”

“‘Alright’?” Inko repeats, and then, she can’t help it. She beams. “Naomasa, I’m sorry, but I’m elated. I suppose they thought they’d have some leverage if they nabbed me, but... now... they’ve given us the perfect compass.”

Roughly thirty minutes later, Inko is standing beside Naomasa and a group of officers. The villain is in the police department’s interrogation room, with only a barred door and a glass window. The villain is handcuffed to his chair, dazed but conscious. Sitting across from him is another police officer with a much calmer, more alert demeanor, hands folded, eyes watching the villain skeptically while he asks his questions.

At long last, the officer rises to his feet and leaves, shutting and locking the door behind him.

“It’s no good,” the officer reports, shaking his head. “He won’t tell us a thing.”

“That’s fine,” Naomasa says, unconcerned. “I figured something like this would happen, so I sent in for backup.”

“Backup?” The officer frowns. “You have some kind of professional manipulator on the inside that I don’t know about?”

“In a sense,” Naomasa says—and right on cue, the door behind them swings open, and all heads turn in that direction.

Aizawa steps into the room, and right beside him is Shinsou.

“Thanks for coming on such short notice, you two,” Naomasa says, stepping towards them. “Shinsou-kun, I’m sorry for bringing you into this.”

“It’s alright,” Shinsou answers shortly, glancing over Naomasa’s shoulder and through the glass of the interrogation room. “That’s the villain?”

Naomasa nods, and he guides Shinsou by the shoulder towards the door leading inside. Another officer opens it for them, then closes it behind them once they’re in.

The villain’s lips twist into a snarl. “Are you kidding me?” he snaps, glaring. “A kid? You really think a kid is going to get information out of me?”

“Dunno,” Shinsou says, shrugging. “Guess we’ll find out, huh? Why don’t you tell us where Midoriya Izuku is?”

“Like hell I’ll—” But then, the villain’s eyes gloss over. His frown smooths out. The fight leaves his face, and he stares at Shinsou with blank, dead eyes.

Shinsou smiles. “I’ll ask again,” he says, leaning forward. “Tell me where to find Midoriya Izuku.”
Chapter 33
Notes:

    \o/

    Before we get into it, art!!

    umberchips

    Thank you so much!! Enjoy the chapter everyone! :D

Chapter Text

“Where are we going?” Shouto asks, taking two steps for each one of Aizawa’s. The man very rarely moves this quickly, and that alone is enough cause for concern. “What is this about?”

They’re walking through the police station, down a long, seemingly endless hallway. Endeavor had gotten a call from Naomasa while on-duty, and after receiving clearance, Shouto had ventured to the police station to meet with them. Aizawa had been waiting for him outside and was quick to guide him in.

“Aizawa?” Shouto tries again when he isn’t answered, concern spiking. “What is this about?”

Aizawa’s response is short, sweet and right to the point. “We found out where the villains are keeping Midoriya.”

Shouto freezes. “You...found out—”

Aizawa is farther ahead of him now, and Shouto jogs to catch up. “A lot of pros were taken out during the Hosu incident,” Aizawa explains hastily, “and we’re short-handed. If you weren’t Endeavor’s son, this probably would’ve never worked, but you have the all-clear to join us and help ensure Midoriya’s safety.”

Shouto’s mind is racing. As much as he hates having any connections with his father, this is one he can live with. “Right,” he says, and now that he knows the situation, his fear has been replaced with determination. “When are we leaving?”

“Literally as soon as we finish gathering everyone,” Aizawa answers shortly. “We’re bringing a small band of heroes with us, but that’s it. Also, keep this to yourself. No sharing with your classmates, alright?”

Shouto nods at once. The first name that pops into his head is Kirishima, but he shoves the thought to the back of his mind. “Of course.”

Satisfied, Aizawa nods, and they continue down the hall.

There are lights over his head.

Izuku squints against them, teeth clenched behind his lips. The lights have an ugly, muted yellow hue to them, and they add to the already vicious pounding in his head. He shuts his eyes, swallows back the acid in his throat, and wishes he was less conscious.

At first, dazed and sickly-feeling, he’s completely unaware of his surroundings. But then, slowly, the rest of his senses begin to return. He feels something around his wrists, and when he tries to lift his arms, there’s a small clattering of chains and the movement is stopped short. He can’t raise his hands.

He opens his eyes slowly and looks around. There are handcuffs binding his wrists to opposite rails of a hospital bed, and there are several tubes leading from his forearm. Bags on a hook by the bedside read sedatives and Quirk suppressants, and his hand is bandaged.

Who bandaged it…?

“Oh, good. Finally awake, are you?”

Izuku’s head whips around; across from him stands a short, stout man with narrow glasses and a round face. He looks at Izuku over his shoulder, only turning the rest of the way once he realizes Izuku is looking at him. With a toothy smile, the man walks towards him, lab coat swishing in his wake.

“Ahh, it’s so wonderful to see you,” the doctor says brightly, much too brightly for a place as dank and gloomy as this. “I’m sorry for our methods in bringing you here, but that’s what happens when you don’t come willingly. Shigaraki tried asking nicely, but you wouldn’t listen.”

Slowly, Izuku begins to recognize him. And then he begins to remember.

The doctor winds the bandages around Kowareta’s arm, the overhead lights glinting on the edges of his spectacles. He himself is standing off to the side, watching; the most abusive of their captors has a hand on his shoulder.

“Look,” the villain says, giving him a harsh shove when he tries to turn away. “Look what you did. This is all your fault, you worthless brat.”

Kowareta meets his eyes. She doesn’t say anything, she’s learned the hard way not to, but the look in her eyes speaks numbers. She doesn’t want him to blame himself. She doesn’t think it’s his fault.

But he doesn’t know how she can think that when he’s the one who threw the knife.

“Come now, Tanaka,” the doctor says, tying off the bandages, “you know what the boss said. We need to treat these children with respect.”

The villain’s fingers tightens around his shoulder. “Like I give a damn. They’re whiny brats. If it were up to me, I’d kill the lot of them and be done with it.”

“But…” The doctor straightens his glasses. “...It’s not up to you, is it, Tanaka?”

The villain grits his teeth, but doesn’t argue.

Izuku snaps back to reality, and when he does, the first thing he notices are his balled fists. He doesn’t remember doing that. “You…”

The doctor smiles widely at him once more. “It’s good to see you up,” he says, turning away. “I’m sure those suppressants haven’t worn off yet, and I’m sure you feel out of it, but please bear with me. I’m treating your injuries as best as I can; let me work, alright?”

The doctor had never hurt them. He never tried stopping what was done to them, but he did try dissuading Tanaka. Tanaka; the one in charge of them, the one who ran their training, the one who abused them the most.

Tanaka was the one set up for their “initiation.” He was the villain Kowareta had refused to kill.

Izuku still doesn’t know what happened to him.

“Ahh, you’ve grown so much,” the doctor says, shaking his head. “We healed your hand well enough, but…” His fingers ghost over Izuku’s shoulder, pulling back his shirt from the collar, and he hisses sharply through his teeth. “Dear me, that looks nasty…”

He barely touches the edge of the wound, and splitting pain rockets through Izuku’s arm. He seizes up, grinding his teeth to keep from crying out, and the doctor flinches back with wide eyes.

“I’m sorry,” he says, shaking his head feverishly and reaching for a syringe on the table, “I should have started with this, perhaps…”

Izuku feels the needle penetrate his skin, and a cooling sensation rushes through his veins.

“This should keep you out for now,” the doctor says, voice already growing fainter, “at least until I do what I need to. Please don’t fight it. We’re going to fix you, one way or another. I promise.”

Izuku isn’t even able to fight it. He drops into an unnatural slumber.

The next time he wakes up, he’s still in pain, but it’s less of a sharp, blinding pain and more of an annoying, nagging pain. It doesn’t keep him from opening his eyes and looking around.

The doctor is standing over him once again, glasses white beneath the reflecting lights. There’s a desk not too far from the door leading out, and atop it is a large stack of papers and a small pile of loose paperclips. The folder is open, but Izuku is too far away to make out anything written on its pages.

The doctor leans a bit closer, drawing Izuku’s attention back to him. “I’m sorry to wake you while you’re still injured,” the doctor says slowly, “but Shigaraki has been dying to see you. Before we do anything else, why don’t we go talk to him, hmm? See what he has to say about all this. After all…”

He leans close to Izuku’s face, far too close, and Izuku swallows back a gag when he catches a whiff of the doctor’s breath. Even though the doctor had never harmed them, Izuku didn’t and doesn’t trust him. The air he gives off now is just as toxic and twisted as it had been six years ago.

“...That’s the whole reason why you’re here,” the doctor says, grinning, and he whips a key from his lab coat and begins unlocking the cuffs. “Now, don’t try anything smart, alright?  You may be strong, but under the influence of those suppressants, not to mention your injuries, you won’t get very far. And if you try running, well…”

The cuffs slip from his wrists, and the doctor’s long, thin fingers replace them. Izuku can feel every knuckle and bone.

“The boss won’t be too pleased,” he says, shaking his head. “He might even kill you.”

Izuku clenches his teeth, but he knows that in his state, running is just about the dumbest thing he could possibly do. So he grinds his teeth harder, and when the doctor senses no resistance from him, he yanks Izuku upright. Izuku’s head spins, but he barely has time to react before he’s being dragged off the bed and manhandled to his feet. The entire ordeal is reminding him of way too many things, and he’s sure that if he’d been any more coherent, he would’ve socked the doctor right in the face. Or worse.

“Now.” The doctor settles his hand on Izuku’s uninjured shoulder, and although the touch is light, there’s an unspoken threat hidden there. “This way, if you would.”

He opens the door of the operation room, and he and Izuku disembark.

Bandages shift against his skin as the doctor urges him forward, down a long, straight hallway with other, more winding hallways branching from it. The walls, floor and ceiling are all made of the same kind of wood. Izuku feels a bit like he’s walking below the decks of a ship, except the walls are so close to him on either side that he feels claustrophobic in no time.

At the end of the hall is another door, and the doctor reaches out, opens it, and pushes Izuku inside. It clicks shut behind them instantly.

Shigaraki and Kurogiri are in the room, waiting for them, but other than that, it’s almost completely barren. There are a couple chairs and floor lamps, but dismissing those few exceptions, the room is startling empty.

Shigaraki’s face lights up for a moment, but he only takes one step towards him before stopping. His hand is still bandaged. His index finger is still gone. His smile fades from his face with the light in his eyes.

“...I’m sorry,” he says, turning away. “You resent me.”

Izuku’s eyes bear into his back. “I mean, you did kind of kidnap me. And lead an invasion against my school. And try to kill my classmates.”

“We weren’t going to kill anyone,” Shigaraki says, spinning around to face him once more. He looks hurt. “That was never our intention, Dāku, please, please don’t think that. Sensei gave us the means to lead the invasion, and we did. We thought it would be a great way to get our name known, that’s all! The ‘League of Villains’...”

He gets this dreamy look in his eyes for a moment, but it ends as quickly as it’d come.

“...But then, you were there,” Shigaraki says, taking a more confident step towards him. “You were there, and it all became very clear. It was more than just an invasion to get our name out there; it was you. Sensei wanted me to bring you home.”

Home. Home.

“‘Home,’” Izuku spits. A part of him wants to laugh. “As in the place we were abused and tormented? As in the place we hated?”  

And then, something very scary happens.

Shigaraki looks confused.

“Dāku, I…what are you talking about?”

And it all becomes far too plain. Izuku conceals his shock behind hard eyes and a glare, but within, a storm rages. Everything clicks.

Shigaraki doesn’t remember.

“Dāku, listen, I…” Shigaraki drops his hands back to his sides and lowers his head. “I just want things to go back to the way things were. That’s all. Do you—do you understand? Do you know what I mean?”

“I know exactly what you mean,” Izuku says shortly, “but what you want can never happen. There’s no going back. You’re a villain. I’m a hero. And Kowareta is dead.”

This seems to hit Shigaraki harder than any words they’ve exchanged before. He actually stumbles back, unsteady on his feet; Kurogiri reaches out as though to steady him, but Shigaraki catches himself on the back of the chair.

“Shigaraki Tomura—”

“Leave,” Shigaraki says, swiping a hand through the air as though swatting him away. “Kurogiri. Doctor. Leave us.”

Kurogiri doesn’t seem convinced, but the doctor backs out of the room and shuts the door behind him. Moments later, Kurogiri turns inwards on himself and disappears from the room.

Shigaraki breathes raggedly for a few moments, then straightens up. “Dāku—”

“It’s Izuku now, get it right—”

“Listen. Please, listen.”

Izuku hardens his gaze, fists balled at his sides, but he stays quiet. Shigaraki takes this as his cue to speak.

“...I’m sorry. I’m sorry about what happened to Kowareta. I’m sorry I didn’t stop it. I’m sorry I couldn’t stop it. But, Dāku—I don’t want to lose you, too. The villains gave us a home when we didn’t have one. They gave us life when we would have died on the streets. They gave us a family and hope when we had nothing. Why can’t you see that? What can I do to make you understand?”  

“You’re wrong, Shigaraki.” Maybe this is what Kowareta meant. Maybe this is his chance. “Shigaraki—they hurt us. They hated us. They didn’t care about you, or me, and they definitely didn’t care about her. They didn’t give us a family. They gave us a life worse than death.”

“You’re lost,” Shigaraki says, stepping back with wide eyes. “You’re lost, Dāku, I’m—I’m so sorry, I don’t—what did the heroes do to you—”

“They gave me hope,” Izuku says, throat growing tight. “They gave me hope, Shigaraki. Not the villains.”

“You’re wrong!” Shigaraki explodes, but he doesn’t look angry. He looks like he’s in pain. “The villains took us in when we had no one, Dāku, don’t you remember!?”

“I remember that, along with everything else. But I don’t think you do.”

Shigaraki doesn’t yell. His hands shake at his sides, and to Izuku’s shock, his eyes shimmer.

“...I can’t help you,” Shigaraki says, like he’s just coming to this realization himself. “I can’t help you, Dāku. This is beyond—” He shakes his head feverishly. “You’re beyond my help. I’ll call Sensei and ask him to come here. He’ll know how to help you—”

“He’ll kill me, Shigaraki,” Izuku intones. “He’ll kill me. Is that what it’ll take before you get it? Or maybe it’ll have to be that way. Maybe after that, you’ll finally see. Maybe that’ll be the last straw.”

Something snaps in Shigaraki. He breaks.

“Stop it!”

Shigaraki lunges at him. Izuku doesn’t know what he’s trying to do—he’s never picked up a “threat” sense from Shigaraki, and that hasn’t changed—but his sudden movement spurs a reaction.

Izuku flips the switch and saps away Shiagraki’s senses.

It was involuntary. He hadn’t meant to. But Shigaraki’s hands drop back to his sides, his eyes stare straight through him, and he goes completely still.

Izuku’s mind races. A part of him thinks he should turn and run while he still can, but the doctor is right outside the door. Could he plow through him? Maybe he could find a window somewhere. Maybe he could use Glitch on the doctor, too.

But then, Kurogiri materializes out of thin air just behind Shigaraki, angry yellow eyes narrowed at him. “Dāku.” His voice is low. Threatening. “Please release Shigaraki Tomura.”

Izuku responds by directing Glitch at him as well as Shigaraki, but to his astonishment, nothing happens. Kurogiri’s face doesn’t change. He doesn’t react as though he’d been stripped of his senses.

“My body is mostly derived of senses to begin with,” Kurogiri intones as the realization sinks in. “I don’t even have a true physical body. Your Quirk does not work on me, boy. Nothing you do will make a difference.”

Damn it—

“Now, I’ll ask again,” Kurogiri says calmly, but his air radiates danger and fury. “Release Shigaraki Tomura.”

Izuku grinds his teeth, but obeys.

He hadn’t done much with his Quirk, so it doesn’t leave lasting effects on him or Shigaraki. The light returns to Shigaraki’s eyes, and he straightens up, blinking in confusion for a moment before realizing what’d happened. He raises his head to look at Izuku, and their eyes meet. For a long moment, nothing happens. Izuku glares. Shigaraki looks hurt.

And then, “...I’ll contact Sensei,” Shigaraki says flatly, breaking eye contact and looking down at his shoes. “You’re beyond my help. I’m sorry. Kurogiri, call the doctor back in.”

Kurogiri disappears, but before Izuku can react, the door behind him swings open, and something small and sharp pierces his neck.

He recognizes the sensation immediately. A syringe. A plunger. Quirk suppressants.

The doctor grabs ahold of his arm to keep him steady, then removes the syringe once it’s empty. Shigaraki turns away and heads toward a second door on the opposite side of the room.

“Keep him with you,” Shigaraki orders the doctor as he leaves. “I’ll inform Sensei of our predicament.”

“As you wish,” the doctor says, and gives Izuku a hard yank on the arm, tugging him out the door.

Izuku’s head is spinning, and he’s unsteady on his feet, but still—

“Remember!” he shouts desperately at Shigaraki’s retreating back. “Remember, Shigaraki! Please!”

Shigaraki doesn’t turn around, and the door slams in Izuku’s face.

“Feisty one,” the doctor growls, hauling him along. “Don’t worry, though, boy. The boss will put you in your place soon enough. He’ll fix you. You’ll be alright.”

Izuku grits his teeth, feeling lightheaded. He wants to scream.

The doctor opens the door and drags him inside, but he loses footing and staggers to the side abruptly, clutching his head. He barely manages to grasp the edge of the desk for support before he completely loses his balance.

The doctor’s fingers tighten around his arm. “What’s the problem?”

“S-Sorry.” Izuku pushes himself upright, hand slipping off the desk and swaying at his side. “Got dizzy. Quirk suppressants don’t always agree with me.”

The doctor’s gaze actually softens in something akin to sympathetic, but he shakes his head and drags Izuku on once more. “Well, it’s your own fault we had to do that,” he chides. “If you’d listened to us, we wouldn’t’ve had to.”

He pushes Izuku back onto the hospital bed, and Izuku complies only because he doesn’t have another choice. The doctor begins fiddling with the cuffs, shaking his head all the while.

“It’s a shame we have to use harsher methods,” he murmurs, unlocking the cuffs, “but if you’re going to be difficult, then you really leave us no other choice.”

The doctor settles the cuffs around his wrists and snaps them closed. Izuku is once again cuffed to the rails of the hospital bed. Immobile.

“Alright…” The doctor steps back to admire his handiwork with a wide, toothy smile. “We’ll be back shortly. Just hang tight until then. We’re going to fix you.”

The doctor turns and leaves, and when he’s shut the door, Izuku hears an array of locks sliding into place, followed by departing footsteps.

He wonders how long it’ll take before the doctor notices that his desk is missing a paperclip.

Shigaraki is drumming his fingers impatiently against the coffee table when the doctor steps into the room, pulling the door shut in his wake. Shigaraki leaps to his feet and approaches hastily.

“Dāku has been secured,” the doctor informs with a short, quick nod of his head. “Now there is nothing to do but wait for Sensei’s arrival.”

Shigaraki nods, but he’s distracted. He wrings his hands together for a moment, cautious not to touch his five fingers simultaneously against his right hand, then speaks.

“Can I go see him?” Shigaraki asks slowly, almost hesitantly. The doctor has never let him in his room before, but Shigaraki has to ask anyway. He needs to know. “I want to make sure he’s alri—”

“No,” the doctor says sharply, cutting him off before he has a chance to fully form his plea. “You mustn’t go in there, Shigaraki Tomura. Do you want him to brainwash you? Trick you into siding with him? No, no; we must wait for Sensei to arrive. He’ll know what to do.”

Shigaraki swallows hard, wanting to argue, but he remembers Dāku’s drawing, their promise, the time they spent together. When all that comes flooding back, it’s all he can do to nod silently.

The doctor smiles at him and settles a hand on his shoulder. “Don’t worry, Shigaraki. All will be made right soon enough.”

Shigaraki nods again, and the doctor releases him and starts back down the hall. Now, all Shigaraki can do is wait and hope that Sensei arrives soon.

Picking the cuffs isn’t hard. When he’s bent the paper clip into a shape he can use (which is the hardest part of it, considering he can’t use both hands), he twists his wrist and begins picking the lock of the cuff attached to the railing. He doesn’t know how much time he has before the doctor returns, but he forces himself to keep a level head and a steady hand. If he panics, he’s going to waste time he doesn’t have.

The first cuff comes undone, and he quickly does the same with the opposite one. The cuffs are still attached to his wrists, but he’s free from the bed, and that’s all that matters.

Just when he’s about to start planning his next move, he hears the locks slide back, and he immediately throws himself back onto the bed and lies still, hoping the doctor doesn’t notice the cuffs are no longer attached to the rails. Izuku shuts his eyes, and a moment later, he hears the door swing open, followed by footsteps. He forces himself to stay relaxed and keep a neutral, peaceful expression.

The doctor sighs. “Guess the Quirk suppressants knocked you out, huh.” More footsteps, getting quieter. “Good, makes my job a lot easier…”

Izuku hears a rustle of paper and dares to crack his eyes open. The doctor is no longer facing him, rather bent over the stack of papers on the desk.

Izuku’s brain begins to tick, and he assesses the room all over again. There’s the medical table from earlier, with bags of Quirk suppressants strewn across its surface, along with smaller syringes labeled as “sedatives.” Izuku glances back at the doctor, who flips back another page, and then, silently, Izuku swings himself off the side of the bed.

His feet touch the ground with thumps so soft that only his enhanced hearing can pick them up. The doctor stands there, completely oblivious, and Izuku stealths towards the table.

“Ahh, yes...quite the medical history, oh dear…glad I don’t have to sort through all of this on a regular basis. But you’ve always been the problem child of the bunch, haven’t you? Always the trouble maker…”

Izuku swipes one of the syringes from the table, then redirects his target and begins sneaking up on the doctor from behind.

“Well, suppose it doesn’t matter now. It’s a shame you never had a Quirk. I’m sure you would have been very powerful with anything you got your hands on—”

Izuku stabs the doctor in the back of the neck with the syringe. At the same time, when he inhales to shout, Izuku loops his other arm around the doctor’s throat and yanks him as hard as he can. The doctor struggles, clawing at his forearms, but he’s too late. The sedatives kick in, and Izuku lets him crash to the floor like a sack of rocks.

The instant he hits the ground, Izuku’s mind goes into overdrive. He grabs two more sedatives from the table, slides them into the cylinders strapped to his thighs (they’d been emptied out before, no doubt when the villains first dragged him in here), then makes for the door.

At the last second, he stops and looks at the desk—specifically, at the massive folder the doctor had been sorting through moments ago. Izuku bites his teeth, thinking, then impulsively grabs the entire folder and tucks it under one arm. After that, he turns, swings open the door, and sprints down the hallway.

There are dozens of halls in the facility, and Izuku picks one at random and runs through it, feet barely touching the ground. He’s careful to stay light on his feet; the last thing he wants is for his light up boots to give away his location.

Come on, come on, find a way out—

Just as the thought crosses his mind, a loud siren blares overhead. He nearly jumps out of his skin, looking around frantically for a moment before realizing that they haven’t actually found him, but simply realized that he’s missing.

He turns and keeps running, taking long hallways and ducking into shadows whenever he can. They’ve found him out, but they haven’t actually found him, which means that, if just for now, he’s okay. He’ll be fine so long as he keeps moving and stays hidden.

And then, Shigaraki’s voice booms over the intercom before Izuku even knows there’s an intercom at all.

“You can’t run, Dāku,” Shigaraki says, and he sounds almost sad. Izuku skids to a halt and stands there, gasping. “There’s no point in trying. We figured you’d escape, and we came prepared. I’m sorry.”

And then, all the overhead lights go out, leaving hm in darkness so intense that he can’t even see his hand when he puts it in front of his face.

He’s in the dark. He’s in the dark and he can’t see a single thing. Slowly, the black dones a physical form and begins to suffocate him. He’s being strangled slowly, starting from his chest and working up his throat. The villains knew. They knew he was terrified of the dark. It was the only explanation.

But he’s not the same kid the villains raised, and Izuku yanks and pulls himself together, takes in a deep breath, lifts his foot as high as it could go, and stomps it hard. Multi-colored lights flash through the dark, and while they go out quickly, they give him just enough light to see the path ahead. They chase away the invisible chains around his throat and chest.  

“Joke’s on you, Shigaraki,” Izuku murmurs into the darkness, raising his head. “I came prepared, too.”

As the sirens whir and his mind races, Izuku takes off down the hall once again, this time with rainbow-colored lights to guide his path.

Every now and then, he hears something up ahead. Footsteps, voices, the likes; farther away than they actually sound, he knows, due to his heightened hearing. He’s always sure to go in the opposite direction whenever he hears these voices or footsteps. He doesn’t have any knives on him, and while he can comfortably turn Glitch on and off so long as he doesn’t use it to its full power, he doesn’t have the physical strength to fight right now. Plus, he doesn’t know how long it’ll take for the Quirk suppressants to wear off.

He runs for a while longer, but he isn’t as physically fit as most people, and with his mounting exhaustion, there’s not much he can do. At long last, despite the situation, he decides to find a spot to hide while he catches his breath.

This spot ends up being a cramped closet he just so happens to stumble upon. He shuts the door behind him, but leaves it unlocked (locked doors are far more suspicious than unlocked ones), and as soon as he’s sure he isn’t being followed, he stomps his foot and lights up the room.

The first thing he notices is a desk, and he quickly scrambles underneath it and draws his knees against his chest, trying to become one with the shadows.

All the lights in this facility are out because they knew he was afraid of the dark, and he’s sure the villains have flashlights to light their way, but still; even though the darkness is a disadvantage to both of them, it’s actually an advantage for Izuku when it comes to hiding.

He leans against the wall, breathing hard, the thick folder still tucked against his chest. The sudden silence is almost more unsettling than the constant shouts and footsteps, but the silence also means that he’s safe, and right now, safety is more important than comfort.

A moment later, he remembers Hatsume’s note regarding his hero costume—specifically, that he has a small penlight tucked in the sole of each boot. Curious, and not daring to get his hopes up yet, Izuku pulls his boot off and lifts the sole.

Sure enough, when he feels around, there’s a small cylinder containing an even smaller penlight. Izuku holds down the button, and a startlingly bright light answers the call. It illuminates his boot, his scars, the cuffs still attached to his wrists, and the folder in his lap.

Izuku turns off the light and listens again, and when he hears nothing, he shines the penlight onto the folder and slowly flips it open.

The very first thing he sees is a small, rectangular photo of Kowareta pinned to the top of the page.

His breath catches in his throat, and his eyes widen ever so slightly. The picture is tattered, and it’d been taken a long time ago—she couldn’t have been older than five or six—but the thing that gets to him the most is that she’s smiling.

It shocks him.He turns the page, out of curiosity, and he sees his own picture, tattered but recognizable, and he’s smiling, too. He flips the page once more, and there’s Shigaraki—or, rather, Tenko. Also smiling.

Now that he sees this, he has a vague memory of the day these pictures were taken. It was while they were still young and hopeful, before the worst of their experiences. Before they had a reason to worry and fear and hate.

Izuku swallows hard and flips back to the first page. He moves Kowareta’s picture out of the way, ignoring the sharp tug at his heart, and shines the penlight on the text below.


NAME: Shimura Kowareta

QUIRK: Unknown

AGE (in photo): 7

NOTES: All the tests we run show that she should have some kind of Quirk, but none has manifested that we’ve been able to notice. She could be hiding it. More testing at a later date. She is very protective of her younger brother (SEE NEXT PAGE); further surveillance. Could use him as leverage in the future should need be. Take note.

 

PERSONALITY: She is naturally very stubborn, protective, and is already beginning to show a sense of hatred towards us despite not officially starting her training. She’s mentally and physically strong. Keep tabs.

 

Izuku flips the page.

 

NAME: Shimura Dāku

QUIRK: None

AGE (in photo): 5

 

NOTES: Quirkless. He’d be a naturally hard candidate. But despite his lack of special ability, he’s already showing a naturally good sense of his surroundings and is proficient in knives, despite not starting official training just yet. His skill levels are already abnormally high for his age.

 

PERSONALITY: He’s a gentle-hearted soul. Cries at everything. Gets emotional over nothing. He dislikes it when we give him knives and tell him to play with them. He enjoys drawing. We tried twisting his memories to make him forget his sister (KOWARETA), but they were too close to forget each other. Keep tabs. Quite possibly the strongest of the three.

 

He almost doesn’t want to, but he flips the page once more.

 

NAME: Shimura Tenko

QUIRK: Decay

AGE (in photo): 10

 

NOTES: Only child. He accidentally murdered his father when his Quirk activated for the first time, and we removed his memories of such happenings. We also erased all memories of his cousins (MENTIONED PREVIOUSLY). The less familiar bonds they have with each other the better.

 

PERSONALITY: Emotionally unstable and mentally fragile. While his memories of the incident are gone, the feelings he felt through it may still remain despite our best efforts. He is generally easy-going and shows particular fondness to Shimura Dāku, though he is equally protective and fond of Dāku’s sister. Keep tabs; could be useful in the future.

 

With shaking hands and a pounding heart, Izuku skims through the remaining pages. One after the other, he’s slammed with dates, memories, happenings, incidents, medical records; things he knew and things he didn’t; things he’d forgotten and things he wished he could; memories, feelings, moments. Lab reports. Some words prevail louder than others; the rest is white noise in his brain.

Knife throwing; Dāku is unwilling; threatening to harm his sister usually forces him into it, but she is also very convincing and tells him not to.

 

Punishment : SEPARATION.

Tanaka put in charge of children.

Tenko attempted to stab the doctor twice today; may need to alter his memories again; further testing. Keep tabs.

Punishment : Dāku has been moved to the Black Room for three hours.

Throwing knives.

Kowareta is unwilling. She only does things for her brother’s sake.

Dāku is improving.

Training regimens.

Tanaka is on watch.

Punishment : Dāku has been moved to the Black Room for three hours.

Dāku is improving. Keep tabs

Tenko - BRAINWASHING SESSION

Dāku is improving.

Punishment : KOWARETA, fasting.

Tenko - BRAINWASHING SESSION.

Dāku is improving.

Tanaka : REMOVED

[INITIATION]

[INITIATION—FAILURE(?)]

Kowareta refused to kill Tanaka.

Dāku escaped. Kowareta deceased. Tenko remembers nothing.

[TENKO REMEMBERS NOTHING]

[TENKO HAS DECIDED ; “SHIGARAKI TOMURA”]

Izuku slams the folders shut, breathing hard, penlight going out. For a while, that’s all he can do; breathe and stare out into space while his mind races and his heart pounds.

He doesn’t want to think about it. He’d gotten more than he bargained for, but now he knows. Now, Kowareta’s words flash in the forefront of his mind. If he’d been doubtful before, he can’t be now.

Kowareta was right. All For One brainwashed Shigaraki, but he didn’t erase him. Shigaraki is still here, and maybe, maybe, Tenko is still beneath him. Maybe Tenko is still there, too.

Maybe Izuku can still save him.

He crawls out from under the desk, clutches the folder to his chest, and scampers across the room towards the door. Slowly, he reaches out, turns the knob, and swings it open. The lights have been restored; the sirens have gone silent; and the hallway is empty.

Izuku looks left, right, then speeds down the hall as fast as he dares while still not making a sound. He has to be reaching some kind of end now; he’s been running for quite some time, and surely this building can’t be some kind of labyrinth. There has to be an end somewhere. There has to be. Somewhere—

He bursts from the hallway into a large, empty room with a high ceiling and no windows. In the center of the room stand Shigaraki and the doctor.

Shigaraki doesn’t even look angry. He takes a small step towards him, pain in his eyes. “Dāku, please don’t run. Please,” he pleads, reaching out. “Sensei will be here any second now. He’ll be able to fix you, Dāku. He’ll be able to help you.”

The folder is suddenly twice its weight, and Izuku sets his jaw. “Do you know?” he demands, and Shigaraki halts. “Have you ever been in the doctor’s office? Have you read the files?”

Shigaraki’s fingers twitch. He lowers and withdraws his hand. “No, no, I haven’t. What—”

“Why don’t you check the facts?” Izuku snaps, thrusting out both arms and presenting the folder to him. “See who’s really brainwashed. See which of us are really in the wrong. I think you’ll be shocked by what you find when you dig a little deeper.”

Shigaraki meets his eyes, and Izuku steps towards him with the folder. Shigaraki does the same.

“Don’t listen to him!” the doctor snaps, racing forward. “He’s just spewing nonsensical psycho-babble to try and distract us from our goal! He’s trying to trick us into letting our guard down so he can stab us in the back and ruin everything!” He rubs the back of his neck, probably in memory of the syringe Izuku had injected there. "You can't listen to a thing he says, Shigaraki Tomura!" 

He’s so close. He’s so close. “Shut up!” Izuku snaps at the doctor, then, “Shigaraki, please, listen to me—!”

“We need to bring him to us, not the other way around!” the doctor exclaims, turning to Shigaraki. “If you do what he says now, you’re going to lose him forever! Is that what you want!?”

Shigaraki seems to snap out of whatever thoughtful remorse he’d fallen into, and he meets eyes with Izuku once again. Izuku’s heart drops into his stomach, and his eyes burn.  

“You’re right,” Shigaraki says, eyes glazing over. “You’re coming with us, Dāku, one way or another.”

Izuku wants to cry. He wants to scream. But he doesn’t.

Instead, he meets Shigaraki’s eyes and says, with such calmness it startles even him, “If I’m really so wrong...then why won’t the doctor let you see the folder?”

Shigaraki stops.

And then, Izuku hears the smallest of rumbles and feels the floor quake beneath him. Shigaraki and the doctor don’t notice, but for him, it’s the most noticeable thing he’s felt in a long while.

He dives to the side, and the wall to the right of him explodes.

Dust and dirt fly in all directions. He hears Shigaraki’s short, quick exclamation of pain before he’s completely shrouded by the dust and smoke. Izuku coughs into his elbow, clutching the folders against his chest. For a few neverending seconds, he’s lost in the chaos of it.  

He squints through the smoke, trying to look past it. He sees several silhouettes, hears several shouts through ringing ears, hears sounds of a battle. Doors swing open; villains pour in to assist; punches fly; shouts, hollers, pained shrieks, and—

“Midoriya!”

—Todoroki grabs him by the forearm and yanks him to his feet.

“Come on!” Todoroki says urgently, voice much clearer this time. “Come on, Midoriya, we have to go now while the heroes distract them!”

Izuku doesn’t know what’s going on. Everything is moving too fast and he’s still disoriented from the folder’s truths and the doctor’s Quirk suppressants. And his injury is throbbing and burning once more, which only adds to the storm. Behind him, he hears clashing and shouting. He even picks up Aizawa’s voice from the mess, as well as Kurogiri’s, but the smoke hasn’t even begun to clear, and he can’t see anything.  

“T-Todoroki, wait—” Izuku starts, then coughs harshly again when smoke fills his mouth and lungs. “I-I need to say something to him—I need to show him something, Todoroki, I—I need to—”

Todoroki looks at him over his shoulder, eyes carrying such an intense urgency that it actually takes him aback. “What are you talking about, Midoriya? We have to go. If we don’t do it now we won’t have another chance. The second the smoke screen is gone, Kurogiri will be able to see you again. They’ll get you back.”  

Izuku realizes it moments before Todoroki actually says it.

He’s right.

He’s right.

Izuku ducks his head and grinds his teeth together. Around him, everything fades into white noise, an incessant ringing that he can’t ignore or get rid of. Todoroki yanks him along frantically, leading him down a dark, silent hallway; and Izuku looks over his shoulder at the dust and smoke and sees Shigaraki.

Shigaraki meets his eyes. Izuku’s line of sight blurs, and it isn’t because of the smoke.

I’ll come back for you.

Kurogiri’s warp gate swallows Shigaraki, and the two vanish like they’d never existed.

I’ll come back for you, Shigaraki.

Tenko.

I promise.

The world returns to proper motion. He can hear again. Todoroki tugs him forward, breaks down the door with a miniature glacier, and cold, open air hits Izuku in the face.

It’s nighttime. Police cars and ambulances flash their lights, and the pounding in Izuku’s head skyrockets. Todoroki slows from a run to a walk, dragging Izuku’s arm around his neck to help support his weight.

Izuku’s heart stops pounding all at once, and when the adrenaline stops, the corners of his sight go black. He hears Todoroki yelling as though from far away, and suddenly, the folder tugged out of his arms and he’s being lifted and carried to an ambulance.

The paramedic sits him upright and pulls a blanket over his shoulders. Todoroki sits beside him on the edge of the ambulance, offering to help. Izuku is still fully aware of what’s going on, but he can’t speak, and he can barely hear.

“Probably going into shock,” the paramedic says, flashing a penlight in Izuku’s eyes. Izuku flinches back, hating it. “Alright—hang tight, there’s something I need to—”

His voice fades out, and Izuku sways to the side. His head lands on Todoroki’s shoulder, and he feels Todoroki jump beneath him, but he doesn’t pull away. Instead, he brings his arm around Izuku’s shoulders hesitantly. It’s clear that he doesn’t know what to do, but the fact that he’s here and trying his best is what really matters.

Izuku doesn’t actually remember the paramedic returning, but he’s right there in front of them and moving Izuku again, this time easing him into the back of the ambulance on a stretcher.

“—friends—?”

“—Don’t mind—”

Izuku barely catches anything, but suddenly Todoroki is climbing into the ambulance with him and sitting down by the stretcher. They meet eyes, and Todoroki gives him the faintest, fragilest of smiles before turning back towards the paramedic as he, too, hops into the back.

The doors slam shut, and the whirring siren continues as the ambulance lurches and speeds down the highway.

Izuku feels his limbs being moved as the medic hooks him up with IVs and an oxygen tank, and then the medic begins to pull Izuku’s shirt by the collar to expose his shoulder. Izuku is still in his hero costume, but his gadgets are gone; his cat ears, his belt, his knives, his Quirk suppressants—

—Kirishima’s bracelet for Iida—

The medic pulls back the bandages and prods around his injured shoulder. White-hot pain sears through his body. Izuku almost bites his tongue when he snaps his teeth together trying to hold in a shriek. Todoroki’s hand is suddenly clasping his uninjured one tightly, and Izuku has no idea who initiated it, himself or Todoroki.

Either way, it doesn’t matter. As long as he has something to hold onto.
Chapter 34
Notes:

    Back at it again! \o/ No art this time around, but a huge thank you to all the awesome artists who have done me things so far!! You guys rock! :D

    And a huge thanks to all the continued support, you guys! I hope you enjoy the chapter! :)

Chapter Text

When Izuku wakes up, he’s warm.

He opens his eyes just a crack. The room is mostly dark, but there are multi-colored lights on the wall, near the floor. He sees Cat’s dark fur by the edge of the bed. Small vibrations rumble against Izuku’s skin as his cats curl around him. There are glow in the dark star stickers on his ceiling.

He’s in his room, on his bed, wrapped in his mother’s arms, covered with blankets and cats.

He’s exhausted, but it’s more of a sleepy, warm kind of exhausted. It’s almost pleasant. He doesn’t know why he’s home and not in the hospital, like he’d been expecting, but he doesn’t dare argue with it. He’d take being here over the hospital any day.

Mom’s breath hitches. Her fingers graze his shoulder blades. “Izuku? Are you awake?”

Izuku takes in a deep breath through his nose and nods. “Mom, what—what happened…?”

She hugs him tight and shakes her head. “It doesn’t matter,” she says quietly, running her fingers through his hair. “It doesn’t matter right now, anyway. We’ll talk later. Sleep. You’re safe. Everyone is.”

Izuku’s eyelids are beginning to feel heavy, so he can’t argue. He shuts his eyes, sighs in contentment, and quickly drops off once again.

The next time he wakes up, there’s sunlight streaming through the window. He’s still warm and covered in cats, but he must’ve kicked the blankets off sometime during the night. He feels bandages wrapped around his shoulder and chest, but the pain is a dull throb that he’s able to ignore easily.

Mom is lying beside him on the bed, eyes closed, breathing steady. Izuku watches her for a moment before reaching over and poking her on the shoulder. She stirs, and when she opens her eyes, she meets his. A moment later, she smiles.

“You’re awake,” she murmurs, and Izuku nods and shifts close enough for her to wrap her arm around his shoulders. She’s mindful of the bandaged one. “How’re you feeling?”

“Sore,” Izuku answers honestly, “but, aside from that, I’m... really good, actually.”

She nods. “I’m glad. The doctors let you stay here, since they thought it’d be better for you to recover somewhere other than... you know... a hospital. Plus, once they eliminated the risk of infection, there wasn’t much more they could do…”

Izuku turns this over for a bit. “So... it’s for my mental state…”

Mom nods. “Yes. I’m glad they considered it and let you stay here. Besides…” At this, she smiles again, glancing down at the foot of the bed. “Cat wouldn’t’ve been allowed in to see you, and he was pretty worried about you.”

“You were?”

Cat doesn’t get up, but his tail thumps the mattress hard enough to shake it.

“C’mere, Cat.”

Cat pulls himself towards him from the foot of the bed, shoving his head under Izuku’s arm to rest his head on his uninjured shoulder. The corners of Izuku’s lips turn ever so slightly, and he strokes his fingers through Cat’s fur.

“The cats wouldn’t stop screaming at me,” Mom breathes, shaking her head. “They were confused. Didn’t know where you were. Kouda said they kept calling him a ‘liar’ whenever he tried to explain what was going on.”

Hearing Kouda’s name reminds Izuku of the others—Uraraka, Tsuyu, Kirishima, Iida, Todoroki, though specifically those latter three. Then he thinks about Aizawa and Toshinori and wonders how they’re faring. After that, he thinks of Manual. He hasn’t seen him since the Hosu incident.

“...I know what you’re thinking,” Mom says, and Izuku tilts his head and looks up at her. “You want to see your friends again, right?”

Izuku doesn’t try hiding it. “Yeah. It’s... it’s been a while, y’know? And after—after all of that, I just—”

Mom shakes her head, and he trails off. “You don’t have to explain it to me, Izuku,” she says, tapping him lightly on the nose with a smile. “There’s no problem. Let me know when you’re up to it, alright? For now,” She pulls her arm from beneath his shoulders and swings herself off the bed, to her feet, “I think breakfast is in order. What do you think?”  

Izuku nods and swings himself to his feet, too. “Sure,” he says, scooping Rainbow into his arms before she jumps into them herself. He feels a bit unsteady, but it’s not something he can’t cope with. “Thank you.”

Mom gives him the funniest look—something he can’t quite put his finger on. He tilts his head at her and frowns. “What is it?”

Mom seems to snap out of it, and she smiles gently and shakes her head. “Nothing,” she says, but she reaches out and touches his cheek softly. “I’m really proud of you, Izuku.”

Izuku blinks twice in rapid session, confused. “...Thanks…?”

Mom doesn’t offer any further observation. She turns on her heel and heads out, and Izuku follows close.

He doesn’t know it, but he’d smiled. It’d been faint and barely there, but Inko caught it. He’d actually smiled, and she’d never seen him do that before.

While sitting at the breakfast table, Izuku recaps, running his kidnapping through his head once again. Shigaraki and Kurogiri escaped with the Warp Gate; he wonders if the doctor escaped, too. The police have the files either way. Maybe there’s something there that’ll lead the heroes to the villains’ true base. He doesn’t know.

After a while of silence, Mom sets down her chopsticks. Izuku lifts his head and meets her eyes. “So,” she says, looking down at her hands, “you seem like you’re well.”

Izuku nods. “I am, actually.” He sets his chopsticks down beside his bowl so he can focus on the conversation. “The villains didn’t actually hurt me. The shoulder thing happened during—”

He stops abruptly, but it would seem it’s futile. If her expression is any indication, she already knows exactly what happened.

“You, Tenya, Eijirou and Shouto ran into the Hero Killer,” she says, nodding slowly. “Yeah. I know. The police filled me in. They’ve decided to hand down the credit to Endeavor to keep you lot out of trouble with the law, but... Izuku…”

“I know, it was crazy.” Izuku takes up his chopsticks again and stabs a piece of chicken with one. “But I couldn’t let Iida die, y’know? It wasn’t even an option for me.”

Mom gives a longsuffering sigh and nods. “I know, believe me. But I was worried, and then they told me about the villains, and... well…” She stops, shakes her head feverishly. “Let’s finish breakfast, alright? Someone from U.A. is coming by tomorrow to talk with us; we can talk everything out before then.”

Izuku nods, doesn’t argue, and digs into his breakfast once again.

[MESSAGING: “KIRI-CHAN]

[Midoriya Izuku]
Hey dude come over for dinner

Kirishima doesn’t actually respond. Izuku doesn’t think he’s coming until the door suddenly swings open, and suddenly Kirishima is there, staring at him with wide eyes from across the hall.

Izuku is on the couch with Cat and the cats, all of which turn the moment they see Kirishima. Izuku is currently whittling with a small chunk of wood and one of his best knives, and he only stops to raise a hand in greeting.

“Hey,” Izuku says, lowering his hand again. “What happened? Did you forget to respond, or…?”

Kirishima doesn’t say anything. He crosses the room, slowly at first, faster, and faster, and faster—his arms encircle Izuku’s shoulders, and he yanks him into a suffocating embrace.

The cats scramble out of the way, but neither Izuku nor Kirishima pay them much mind. After a second, Izuku releases a huge breath, sets his knife and wood to the side, and hugs Kirishima back wordlessly. For a long while, they don’t say anything at all.

“You need to stop doing this,” Kirishima says through his teeth, shaking him ever so slightly. “You need to stop. Just— knock it off. Stop being stupid. Stop getting hurt—”

His voice breaks, and Izuku exhales sharply through his nose and hugs him tighter.

“I’m glad you’re okay, too, Kiri-chan.”

Kirishima lets out a shuddering breath and says nothing more.

It lasts a long time, and when the embrace is over, they sit on the couch while Mom prepares dinner. She’d also offered to take over litter box duty for a little while until Izuku started feeling more like himself (even though he’d assured her he was fine), which means that’s one less thing for him to think about tonight.

They don’t talk much, Izuku and Kirishima; they sit on the couch playing games on Kirishima’s phone until Mom brings them dinner. They thank her, and she smiles, kisses them both on the head, then leaves for the office to file out some papers.

“I should get you a lava lamp,” Kirishima says unexpectedly over dinner. He and Izuku are still on the couch, sitting on opposite ends with the cats smothering Izuku (all except Teacup, who finds herself a nice little spot on top of Kirishima’s head). “You ever seen one? They’re freakin’ weird. But they have lots of cool colors, and they light up the room pretty well. They seem right up your alley.”

Izuku ponders this, stirring his rice around with his chopsticks. “I don’t think I’ve actually seen a lava lamp before.”

“You haven’t?” Kirishima sits forward a little straighter, eyes suddenly wide. “Okay, yeah, I’m definitely getting you one. When’s your birthday?”

“No idea. We usually celebrate it in June.”

“Crap, so that’s already passed. What about, like, Christmas?”

“... Kirishima…” Izuku studies his friend’s face for a moment, and Kirishima conveniently looks away. “This might be kind of presumptuous, but... is there... something you wanna ask me?”

Kirishima bites his lip before sighing longly. He settles his bowl into his lap and shakes his head. “I dunno, man. You just got back home after—after that, and—I don’t know if now’s a good time to talk about it.”

“I’m not going to be able to sleep tonight if I’m worried about you,” Izuku answers calmly. “So you might as well go ahead and get it over with while we can.”

Kirishima takes in a deep breath, lets it out, and nods reluctantly. “Alright. And, dude, you don’t have to answer this, but... I was just wondering, erm… what does Shigaraki want with you? How do you guys know each other?”

Ah. Honestly, Izuku is a little surprised Kirishima hadn’t asked before now. “We grew up together,” Izuku replies evenly. “There were three of us—me, Kowareta, and Tenko—or, Shigaraki, now. Shigaraki was always our master’s favorite, and once I rebelled against him, Shigaraki was brainwashed into forgetting everything the villains did to us.”

The color drains from Kirishima’s face. “He was— brainwashed?”

Izuku nods.

“So, like—he has no idea,” Kirishima says quietly, eyes filled with shock. “He thinks the villains are the good guys?”

“...Yeah.” Izuku stirs around his rice needlessly. “Something like that.”  

Kirishima looks down for a long time, blinking at nothing. “Dude, that’s—that’s messed up.”

“Yeah. I know. It is.” Izuku stares down at his bowl for a moment and says steadily,  “So, what else is on your mind?”

Kirishima’s head snaps up quickly. Too quickly. “What do you mean?”

“What else do you wanna talk about?” Izuku clarifies. “You’re bothered by more than you’re letting on. I’ve told you a lot about me already, so... why don’t you tell me how you’re doing?”

Kirishima’s breath hitches, but again, he doesn’t argue. “I... um…” He sets the bowl onto the coffee table and draws his knees against his chest. Teacup tips off his head and curls on his shoulder instead. “... I... met my birth dad. In the sewers. While I was looking for you.”

“...Oh.” Izuku falls silent, processing. “How did... I mean…? It obviously didn’t go well—”

“He’s Crimson Riot.”

Izuku’s shoulders tense. Now that he’s outright said it, it actually makes sense. He doesn’t know how he didn’t realize it before. The resemblance is definitely there, he just hadn’t been able to notice.

“Kirishima—”

“It was just kinda crazy to figure out, y’know?” Kirishima says, running a hand through his hair. “I mean, I looked up to the guy ever since I was little and this whole time I didn’t even realize he was the dad who abandoned me. Hell, I dyed my freaking hair because I wanted to be like him. I picked my hero name after him. And now, I just... feel like it was all a lie.”

Izuku takes this in and turns it over in his mind for a good long while. “Kirishima, listen... it’s okay that you’re upset. You have every reason to be. But you’re not Crimson Riot. Just because you were inspired by him doesn’t mean that you are or will be him.”

Kirishima sighs. “I know, I just—”

“The world doesn’t need another Crimson Riot,” Izuku cuts in sharply. “The world needs a first Red Riot, and that’s exactly who you’re going to be. So be proud of it.”

Kirishima stares, and Izuku pretends not to care and goes back to eating. He does, however, catch Kirishima’s brilliant smile out of the corner of his eye, and a second later, he’s moving his bowl out of the line of fire when Kirishima lunges and hugs him tight.

“Izuku, I—I’m really glad you’re safe, buddy.”

Izuku drops his chopsticks into his bowl and hugs Kirishima back with one arm. “I’m glad we’re safe, too.”

[MESSAGING: “FRIENDS”]

[Knife Knife Baby]
^ . . ^
guess who’s back

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
!!!!! IZUKU!!!!

[Snow White]
HOLY HECK HI THERE
YOU’RE OKAY!!!!!

[Spicy Blizzard]
It is. Really nice to hear from you.
...I’m not even going to ask about my name right now.

[Frogger]
How do you feel, Izu-chan?
I heard the doctors let you recover at home.

[Knife Knife Baby]
They did yeah it was really nice to wake up at home
I’m still resting but I’m doing great.
Hey @VroomVroom are you online?

[Frogger]
I don’t think he is. He hasn’t actually been talking at all, lately.

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
Yeah... he’s home from the hospital and I heard his surgery went well but... he hasn’t said much of anything.

[Knife Knife Baby]
Ah. I see.
Hey I think a trip to the soda shop is due.

[No Bones About It]
DUDE SERIOUSLY?
YOU JUST GET BACK FROM BEING KIDNAPPED AND YOU WANT SODA

[Knife Knife Baby]
Yeah, but.
It’s not just that.
It’s something we’ll all be able to do together, finally, since we haven’t been able to yet.
And I kind of want to see all of you again, anyway. It just seems like a good way to make a nice trip out of it.
But y’know if you guys don’t want to then I guess you could come over to my place, there’s just not a whole lot to do over here.
Plus I haven’t had soda for a while and I’ve really been wanting some ever since the internships so I think it’d be a nice change of pace too.

[Frogger]
Holy hecc you’re talkative
I don’t think I’ve even seen you talk that much in real life

[Knife Knife Baby]
Oh. I’m sorry.
Just. Kind of. Got excited.

[Houston, We Have A Problem]
That’s okay!!!! It’s really cute, actually!!!!
Hey so, soda shop!! I’d love to go once you feel up to it, Izuku!

[Snow White]
Me too!! I think it’d be a lot of fun!

[No Bones About It]
You can count me in, 100%

[Spicy Blizzard]
Me, too.

[Knife Knife Baby]
Alright, so we’re all in agreement.
Except Iida but I’ll talk to him.
Once we’re all in we’ll pick a day before school starts back.
Cya then ^ . . ^

Iida doesn’t respond when Izuku texts him. It really could mean anything, Izuku assumes; but if he had to guess, he’d say it has something to do with the Hero Killer and guilt. And while he gets it, he finds himself more annoyed than sympathetic.

There’s really no reason for him to assume that Iida wound up at the vent forest, but that’s where Izuku feels he needs to go. He checks in with Mom first, who is hesitant at first but eventually agrees (granted he takes Cat with him). After that, Izuku slips on a hoodie and sets out into the night with Cat marching alongside him.

Izuku isn’t sure what makes him turn his feet towards the vent forest. Something about Iida’s lack of communication really gets to him, especially considering their last conversation was held while they fought for their lives. Even if Iida isn’t in the forest, Izuku still plans on using it for his own venting reasons.

Except, when he arrives, Iida is there. He’s standing with his back towards the pathway, facing a tree with several fresh gashes through it.

He doesn’t notice Izuku’s flashlight until they’re only a few lengths away from each other. When he does notice, he whirls around, wide-eyed and gaping. Izuku stares back at him, flashlight raised and Cat’s leash around his wrist.

“Midoriya,” Iida says, taking a step backwards. It’s actually less of a step and more of a stumble. “I—I thought you just got out of the hospital—”

“They let me recover at home,” Izuku responds, walking towards him. “What about you? I heard you had surgery.”

Iida touches his arm lightly, and now that he’s drawn attention to it, Izuku notices bandages peeking from beneath his long sleeves.  “It’s nothing,” Iida says coldly, shaking his head. “It’s nothing, Midoriya.”

Izuku holds his gaze—but then, he lets out a heaving sigh.

“Listen. I get that you’re mad at yourself, but giving me the cold shoulder isn’t going to help that.”

Iida stares. “Midoriya, I—I’m not trying to be abrasive, I just—”

“Say what you wanna say.”

Iida stops and blinks, bewildered. “I’m... I’m sorry?”

“It’s the only way you can move past this,” Izuku elaborates, lowering his flashlight down to his side. “I know there’s a lot you want to say, so... I think it’s better if you just say it now. Get it over with. We’ll talk things out now so we can move on from here.”

Iida looks as though he’s going to argue. He takes a step forward, he opens his mouth, his eyebrows raise—but at the last second, he stops. He thinks better of it. And he backs down and looks at his feet, fingers curling into fists.

“... It’s my fault you got involved with Stain,” Iida begins with a voice Izuku can scarcely hear. “It’s my fault you were there when the League of Villains attacked. It’s my fault you were in Hosu. It’s my fault things turned out the way they did.”

Izuku stays silent. He’d told Iida to talk, and now he’s talking.

“I’m supposed to be the class rep,” Iida grinds out, growing more frustrated. “I’m supposed to be the example. I’m supposed to lead the class, keep everyone safe, and what did I do? I put you in danger, and not just you, but Kirishima and Todoroki, too. Your very lives were in jeopardy all because I was selfish. I was blind. And then—” Iida takes a shuddering breath through his teeth and lets it out the same way. “And then Shigaraki was able to get ahold of you. He was able to take you away, and it was because of my shortcomings. It was because of me that you were kidnapped.”

Izuku finally decides to butt in, “No. It’s not your fault they kidnapped me.”

Iida doesn’t believe him. He shakes his head. “Midoriya, I—”

“Iida, I have a history with the villains,” Izuku interrupts. “They targeted me because of stuff that happened in the past. If it didn’t happen now, it would have happened somewhere further down the line. Yeah, you were stupid, and the Hero Killer thing was your fault, but the kidnapping—that’s not on you.”

Iida looks down again. He doesn’t seem convinced. “... Mido—”

“Let me say this. Please.”

Iida falls silent. Izuku draws a breath.

“... I meant what I said, you were stupid,” Izuku says, biting his lip. “It was stupid, going after the Hero Killer without any regard for your life and the lives of the people who care about you. A part of me kind of wanted to punch you in the face.”

Iida winces. “I would deserve it.”

“Yeah. But that’s not the point. You can’t just—you can’t define yourself by your failures, Iida.”

Iida releases a short, mirthless laugh. It sounds thick and wet. “You could’ve died.”

“I know. We all could’ve. But we didn’t. And I hope you learned something from it.”

Iida doesn’t say anything.

“... I get where you’re coming from,” Izuku says, looking down. “I’ve... I’ve only just come to terms with a lot of things, even things that happened years ago. But holding onto guilt, it... it’s going to destroy you eventually, Iida. If you keep doing…” He gestures vaguely with his flashlight, “... whatever this is, then you’re going to cave in on yourself before you know it. You were an idiot, yeah, but you can’t change what’s already happened.”

Iida finally, finally turns to look at him, and Izuku meets his eyes.

“You can move forward from it,” Izuku says. “Learn something from it. Never make the same mistake again. It’s not going to help right away, and... and I know you’ll always feel guilty about it, but... there is a forward.”

Iida stays silent for another long while, but it doesn’t last nearly as long this time. He takes a deep breath and lets it out as he nods.

“You’re right,” he relents, running a hand through his hair. “You’re right, Midoriya. I-I’m... I’m sorry. I’m sorry you had to pick up the pieces from all this when it had absolutely nothing to do with you.”

“It’s okay,” Izuku says, but Iida is already shaking his head.

“It’s not. I knew better, I shouldn’t have gone after Stain, and I shouldn’t have allowed you and the others to get involved. It wasn’t your job to pick up after me. Even now, here, you’re giving me advice on moving forward when it was my fault in the first place.”

“It’s okay to ask for help, Iida.”

“But I’m supposed to be the class representative,” Iida says desperately, voice cracking at the end. He takes a moment to compose himself, but does a poor job. “I’m supposed to lead you all. I’m supposed to be strong.”

“We don’t need you to be strong all the time, Iida,” Izuku cuts in, throat tight. “We want you to be okay.”

Iida stops. It seems the words resonated somewhere within him. He looks away sharply, jaw clenched, eyes shimmering. His fist clenches the hilt of his knife, trembling.

“... Midoriya, I—” he tries, but his voice is a strangled rasp and he stops short. “I—I’m—”

Izuku doesn’t know what to do or say, but he’s had friends for a while now. He’s getting better at being a good friend and knowing what to do when things like this come up.

He steps towards Iida, tentatively at first, then more confident. Iida glances at him, and when Izuku is close enough, he leans forward until his forehead knocks against Iida’s chest.

He hears Iida’s breath catch in his throat, but arms encircle his shoulders a second later, and Izuku sinks into the embrace and returns it with vigor. He’s still inept when it comes to comforting people, but he hopes the hug helps, even if it is in just some small way.

Iida pulls away at long last, wiping his eyes beneath his glasses, and Izuku lets him go. “I’m sorry,” Iida murmurs, shaking his head and lowering his hands. “Thank you for—for listening. And for not giving up on me even after everything I did.”

“Don’t mention it,” Izuku says. “... But seriously, don’t do it again.”

Iida lets out a small, humorless laugh and shakes his head. “I won’t. I promise, I won’t, Midori—” He stops abruptly, like he’s remembering something that’d happened years ago. “—I mean, Izuku. Sorry, I keep—” He pauses and lets out a long, shuddering sigh. “I keep forgetting.”

“It’s like I said, you can call me whatever you want,” Izuku says with a shrug. “I don’t mind Midoriya if that’s easier for you to remember.”

“But you prefer Izuku to it,” Iida says, more firmly this time. “I can call you Izuku, Midoriya, I just—” He stops, realizing what he’d just said. His next sigh is long and heaving. “—I just need to get used to it is all. But I will get it, I promise.”

Izuku shrugs again. He’s doing his best not to show it as to keep from making Iida even more guilty, but he’s elated. “Either way.”

Cat boofs unexpectedly, annoyed that he’s been ignored, and Izuku exhales through his nose and scratches behind Cat’s ears. “I should head home,” Izuku says, glancing back behind him. “I told Mom I wouldn’t be out too late, and I don’t want her to worry.”

“Right, yes.” Iida nods and straightens his glasses, more out of habit than necessity. “I’ll walk you home.”

“You sure?”

Iida nods again. “Positive. I’d feel better knowing you weren’t alone, believe me.”

Izuku doesn’t argue. “Thank you,” he says, and turns away towards the path leading out. “It’s always nice to have company.”

He hears Iida fall in step behind him, and they disembark for home.

“... Hey, Midor—I-I mean, Izuku.”

Izuku turns to him. “What is it?”

Iida quickens his pace, just enough to flank him. “If you would like... you could call me Tenya.”

Izuku’s eyes widen. “Are you sure?”

“Definitely.” Iida nods. “We’ve been friends for a long time now, and you’ve done so much for me. I think we’re on a first name basis now, don’t you?”

Izuku turns back towards the path and stares, taking this in. He turns towards Iida once again and nods.

“I do,” he says. “Thank you, Tenya.”

Tenya smiles at him, and Izuku hopes he can see the light in his eyes.

[MESSAGING: “FRIENDS”]

[Knife Knife Baby]
We are ON for the soda shop!
^ . . ^

[No Bones About It]
WHOO!! \o/

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
YEAH!
What day should we do it?

[Knife Knife Baby]
What do you guys got going on tonight?
My mom said someone from U.A. is coming over tomorrow so I don’t know how well that would work.

[Snow White]
Oh yeah now that you mention it someone from U.A. is coming by my place tomorrow, too.

[Frogger]
Same. Wonder what’s up.
Anyway I’m not busy at all right now. We could meet tonight.

[Vroom Vroom]
I’m in it if the rest of you are.

[No Bones About It]
IIDA HI WELCOME BACK
Yeah soda shop!! \o/
Hey @ALiteralACUnit you in?

[A Literal A/C Unit]
If you guys are game then so am I
Also who keeps changing my name please don’t

[Knife Knife Baby]
So we’re all in? For the soda shop?

[Houston, We Have Many Problems]
Looks like it! See you guys there! \o/

[Vroom Vroom]
Be with you shortly

[Snow White]
(＾▽＾)

[Frogger]
:)

[Fireworks But With Ice]
See you there
Stop this

[KNIFE KNIFE BABY is OFFLINE]

Izuku sets his phone off to the side and lies there for a moment, staring up at the star stickers on his ceiling. Once he’s finished with that, he hops to his feet, snatches a hoodie off his desk chair, and heads into the bathroom. The bandages shift against his shoulder as he walks.

He’s allowed to take the bandages off, Mom had said that morning. He hasn’t yet, not because he’s afraid of what it looks like, but more because he hasn’t felt like dealing with it. Now, though, he just wants to get it over with.

He flicks on the bathroom light, steels his breath, and yanks his shirt over his head. He’s used to what he sees in the mirror; pale skin, scars along his chest and stomach, identical to the ones that cover the rest of his body. Though, he can’t see his ribs anymore. That’s an improvement. The one other thing there that jars him are the white bandages around his shoulder and collar.

Izuku takes in a breath, finds one end of the bandages, and begins to unwind. Unwinding, unwinding, unwinding—until finally, he lets them fall to the floor, wound exposed.

It’s... not really as bad as he thought it might be. He’d been stabbed twice in the shoulder by Stain, but he can’t even see those wounds over Todoroki’s cauterization. All he sees are fleshy scars of dark pink and blistering red—not that unlike Todoroki’s own scar, except perhaps a bit deeper, with further damage and discoloration.

Still; it’s not as bad as he’d been expecting. He’s actually quite relieved. He pulls his shirt back over his head, along with his sweatshirt (the dark red one with the 15 on the back that he’d accidentally stolen from Kirishima), and once he’s said goodbye to Mom, Cat, and his cats, he sets out for the soda shop with a spring in his step. He’s so elated that he isn’t even bothered by the weird looks he gets as his light-up shoes splash colors on the dark streets.  

For this occasion, Izuku left Cat at home; he doesn’t know the store’s policy on animals, and Cat has yet to be a certified service dog. Izuku would rather do without the hassle.

They all arrive at the same time, but in two groups; Todoroki, Tenya, Kouda, Uraraka and Tsuyu arrive together, and Izuku and Kirishima arrive together.

“IZUKU!!”

Tsuyu, Uraraka, and Kouda run at him the second they see him, and Izuku mentally prepares himself for the glomp. They all skid to a stop at the last second, as though realizing what they were about to do; but Izuku shakes his head and holds out his arms. Their faces light up, and they react accordingly by lunging at him all at once and almost knocking him to the ground.

Todoroki, Iida, and Kirishima hang in the background, and eventually, Kouda, Uraraka, and Tsuyu release him. Izuku takes in a deep breath to replenish his deprived lungs.

“Aaaand we’re all here!” Kirishima says enthusiastically, leaping out in front of the group. It’s the first time Izuku has seen him smile like this in a long while. “Don’t think we’ve ever actually been able to go out all together, so this is great!”

“We’re really glad you’re okay, Izu-chan,” Tsuyu says, which is what everyone else is thinking. “We’ve been worried.”

“Yeah,” Izuku says, nodding, “but I’m fine. And I’m glad we’re able to do this together. Thanks for meeting on short notice.”

They smile at him. Even Todoroki tries his best. Shortly thereafter, Kirishima holds the door open for the group, and they head inside.

“I’m going to try the pomegranate this time,” Uraraka says as they look over the menu, waiting to order. “The raspberry is good, but there are so many unique flavors here to just get the same thing every time.”

Izuku shrugs. “I’m getting raspberry. Y’all can do you.”

“I kind of want to try the mint,” Todoroki murmurs, holding his chin in his hand. “Can you combine flavors? Do they let you do that?”

Kirishima nods. “I got vanilla mint once. It was pretty good. But yeah, I’m sticking with raspberry. I’ve had everything here at least once and the raspberry is still my favorite.”

“I’m gonna go with vanilla mint, now that Kirishima mentioned it,” Tsuyu says, tapping her cheek. “That sounds good.”

It comes their time to order, and they step up to the plate. Iida pays for the group this time; usually Izuku would put up a bit more of a fight, but he lets it go this time. Soon they have their drinks and are sitting at a big, circular booth. It’s the only booth in the building that can hold the lot of them.

“So,” Uraraka says, the first to break the silence, “how did your internships go?”

And that’s what they talk about. They discuss their internships, they discuss what they plan to work on once they’re back at school, they discuss pointless things that don’t matter. Kirishima almost does a spit-take across the whole table when Izuku reveals he’d tucked Rainbow in the pocket of his hoodie, and everyone else howls with laughter and Izuku tries keeping Rainbow quiet.

It’s simple, it’s refreshing, and despite all that’d happened, there’s a certain sense of normality here that Izuku wouldn’t trade for the world.

When they’ve finished their drinks, they rise from the booth and make to leave. Out of everyone there, Todoroki had been the quietest, and while Izuku knows that’s just how he is, a part of him is worried. Neither he nor Tenya carry a personal threat to themselves, but even so.

While everyone else busses the table, Izuku steps up behind Todoroki and taps him on the shoulder. Todoroki turns to him curiously, brows furrowed.

“What is it?”

“I wanted to thank you,” Izuku says shortly, “for what you did in the alleyway. I know it was a lot, but thank you for doing it. You probably saved my life, there.”

Todoroki stiffens, and his left hand twitches. “Did it…” He pauses a moment while he finds his words. “Did it scar?”

Izuku doesn’t lie. “It did. But I’m not upset about it, and you shouldn’t be, either. Look.”

At this, he turns and raises a hand. Todoroki follows his gaze. Kirishima, Uraraka, Tsuyu and Tenya are thanking the bartender for the soda—at least, at first appearance, that seems like what they’re doing. In reality, they’re keeping him distracted while Kouda tries to recapture a rampant Rainbow before anyone notices.

“We’re all here together,” Izuku says gently. “We’re all here together and the only reason that’s possible is because you saved me. So, even though it scarred, I’d really appreciate it if you didn’t beat yourself up.”

Todoroki gapes at him for just a moment, but shuts his mouth quickly. He nods. “I... guess I could do that. If it meant that much to you.”

“It does.”

Izuku pauses for a second, thinking. “... Hey, Todoroki. Hold out your hand.”

Todoroki side-eyes him. “Why?”

“Just do it.”

Todoroki signs, but complies, turning to face him. He stretches out his hand—the friendship bracelet Kirishima got him is around his wrist—and Izuku slides his palm against Todoroki’s, balling his fist on the way out. When Todoroki does the same, Izuku knocks their knuckles together.

“Kirishima called that a handshake,” Izuku says, dropping his arm back to his side.

Todoroki stares at his hand for a long, long while before looking up and whispering, as though the entire world had betrayed him, “But we didn’t shake hands.”

“That’s what I told him, too.”

Rainbow’s claws dig into Izuku’s leg, and he lifts her into his arms again, tucking her into his hoodie pocket. Once everyone is ready, they part ways and return to their respective homes.

“That was a lot of fun,” Kirishima is saying while he and Izuku walk down the street. “We should do that more often.”

Izuku nods stiffly. “Yeah. We should.”

He doesn’t know what about his voice gives it away, but Kirishima turns to him at once. “Is... something the matter, dude?”

“I lost Iida’s friendship bracelet while I was kidnapped.”

“Oh—” Kirishima actually looks relieved. “Dude, that’s—that’s okay. I can get him another one. Hell, I could make him another one. You don’t have to be upset about that, man, you were a hostage. I’m just glad you’re alright.”

Izuku bites his lip and nods. “Thanks, Kirishima.”

Kirishima offers him a smile and turns away, buying the story. And while it was true that that’s one of the things plaguing Izuku’s consciousness, it’s only, only one of them.

He’s thinking about Shigaraki. Tenko. The folders now in police hands that he knows could have brought Shigaraki to the light. He’d been so close. So close and so far.

He finds himself wondering if Kowareta was right. He finds himself wondering if Shigaraki really can be saved.

“Kiri—”

“Izu—”

They stop and stare at each other.

“You first,” Izuku says.

Kirishima nods. “I was gonna ask... would you mind if, like... if I stayed over, or something? Just—Just for my own peace of mind.”

“Funny you mention that,” Izuku says, “I was going to ask you the same thing.”

“Wait, really?”

“Yeah. I’d love to have you over, Kiri-chan.”

Kirishima beams at him. “Thanks, man!”

Izuku rolls his eyes good-naturedly and turns away. “... Dork.”

“HEY!” Kirishima says, face full of mock-anger, but the light in his eyes gives it all away.

Toshinori holds his head in his hands. The folder rests on the coffee table in between him and Naomasa. The air is stale. The silence stretches.

“... I’d love to tell you it isn’t true,” Naomasa says quietly, the first of them to speak since the contents were revealed, “but... we ran Izuku’s DNA right alongside Shigaraki’s, and they match. They’re definitely related. And if they were both related to—” He stops short and takes a breath. “—Her, then it makes sense why they would both be removed from the system.”

Toshinori feels like the walls are closing in around him. His palms are sweaty, his head feels too light, and the room is too hot. He doesn’t want to believe it. He doesn’t want to see what’s right in front of him.

He should’ve. He should’ve seen her in him. He should’ve known.

Izuku, Kowareta, and Shigaraki— Tenko —are all relatives of Shimura Nana.

Izuku has been right in front of him for the past year.

Tenko is brainwashed into Shigaraki.  

And Kowareta is dead.

“No! Let me go! I have to get to him! What are you doing!? He didn’t do anything wrong! Stop it! Stop it, please—!”

Tenko snaps awake and jolts upright, breathing hard. He doesn’t wait to hear anything else; he leaps out of bed and sprints across the room, towards the bedroom door.

“Let me go!” He hears sounds of a struggle, the grunts of a villain along with Kowareta’s desperate pleas. “Let me go with him, please! You can’t—!”

The door swings open, and the villain tosses Kowareta inside. Tenko can’t surge forward fast enough to catch her; she lands on her hands and knees with a sharp exhale of breath. The door slams shut behind her.

“Kowareta!” Tenko kneels in front of her, heart beginning to race. “What happened? Where’s Dāku?”

Kowareta lets loose a loud noise like a mixture between a furious shout and cry of pain. “He refused to hit me again,” she chokes out over heaving gasps of breath. “They told him to and he said no and they—they’re going to hurt him, Tenko, they’re—they’re going to hurt him and I can’t stop it!”

Her voice rises in pitch up until the final word, and Tenko can’t find anything to say. He raises a hand to settle on her shoulder, keeping his pinky raised, and her own hand covers his and squeezes.

It’s all he can do, and it’s all she can do. Now they wait.

When he’s thrown back to them nearly two full hours later, his forearms are bandaged, and he’s so far gone that you couldn’t even call his state “conscious.” The villains gave no explanation—they never did—but Kowareta and Tenko were used to that by now and able to work around it.

Now they’re lying on Tenko’s bed, with Kowareta and Tenko on their sides facing each other and Dāku tucked securely between them. He’s completely unconscious now, eyes closed and face squished against Kowareta’s shoulder.

Tenko doesn’t know why or how, but he finds himself shaking. Dāku is the youngest of them, the most vulnerable. He’s the last person who deserves this, and seeing him in such a fragile state is setting off a fierce need to protect and shelter.

“I’m going to kill them,” Tenko grinds out before he’s aware he’s opened his mouth. He feels Kowareta’s eyes on him, but doesn’t look at her. “If they try doing it again I’m going to kill them.”

Kowareta’s eyes widen. Her fingers ghost over his shoulder. “Tenko, don’t—”

“Why not?” Tenko bites from between gritted teeth. “Why shouldn’t we?”

“Tenko—”

“Look at him, Kowareta.” She does, for only a moment before turning away. “Look at him. They’re going to kill us eventually. Why shouldn’t we?”

“I don’t know,” Kowareta chokes out, and it’s only now, when her voice betrays her, that her eyes shimmer with tears. “I don’t know why, okay? I don’t know. It just—they’re hurting us, Tenko. We know what that feels like. A-And the thought of... doing that to someone else, I just... I can’t.”

Some of his rage dissipates, and Tenko sighs longly and shuts his eyes. “You’re right. You’re right, I’m... I’m sorry. I shouldn’t’ve said it like that, I shouldn’t’ve asked now of all times—”

“It’s okay.” But, judging by her tone and her tears, she’s lying. “We’ll find another way out, Tenko. A way that doesn’t involve killing anyone.”

Tenko may or may not disagree. Maybe they have different moral standings. Maybe he’s a terrible person and Kowareta’s some kind of angel. Maybe she’s an idiot and he’s sensible. He doesn’t know.

He doesn’t know a lot of things. All he really has—the only real things he has to anchor him here—are Dāku and Kowareta.

He nods. “Right. We’ll find another way.”

They didn’t.

Shigaraki wakes up in a cold sweat.

“... Hmmm... that is quite the dream, Shigaraki, my boy.”

Shigaraki nods stiffly. He’s seated atop one of the barstools back in their main base; on a TV screen, the words [TRANSMISSION IN PROGRESS] are on display. Kurogiri and the doctor are out at the moment, meeting with two people who were interested in the League and possibly becoming a part of it. Whether or not that’ll do any good is a mystery, and it’s not something Shigaraki cares much about right now.

He looks down at a white-blue bracelet held in the palm of his four-fingered-hand; the doctor had found the bracelet in Dāku’s pocket while examining him.

“... Sensei... please. I need to know.”

“Go ahead, my boy. Ask me anything. I am an open book.”

“Was it really just a dream?” Shigaraki asks, looking at the television. “Was it really just... something my mind made up? Or... or was Dāku telling the truth about you all along.”

Over the screen, Sensei lets out a long, heavy sigh. “Oh, my dear boy, of course not. He is delusional, that poor boy. He’s so deluded that he’s trying to distract you from your own goals and ambitions because he thinks he’s in the right. Don’t stray from your path, Shigaraki Tomura. Keep in mind the person you want to become.”

For a moment, Dāku’s words flash in his mind’s eye. Shigaraki remembers his desperation, his pleading eyes.

Shigaraki had been so close. He’d felt it. He could’ve gotten through to Dāku if only the heroes hadn’t shown up when they did. He could’ve saved his brother.

His four fingers clench around the bracelet and squeeze tightly. “... I understand, Sensei. I will not lose sight of who I am.”

“I know you won’t,” Sensei says, and Shigaraki can hear the smile behind his words. “... Unfortunately, my patience with Dāku has worn thin. We cannot keep trying to show him the truth if he chooses to stay blind to it. Do you understand what that means, Shigaraki Tomura? Are you okay with that?”

The picture is on the wall of the three of them, sketched in black and white.

“... Yes. I understand.”

Sensei chuckles. “All fine and well, my dear boy. Now—I am recruiting a few people for you. People who will help you along your journey as you fight to find your new path. They will be joining you shortly. Please give them a warm welcome when they arrive.”  

Shigaraki nods. “I will. Thank you, Sensei.”

“Anything for you, my boy.”

The lights are dimmed. Tubes stretch across the floor like hundreds of snakes of varying lengths and girths, and facing an array of screens is a man in a swiveling chair. The lights of the screens are the only lights in the entire room, and they barely do that, leaving the majority of the room engulfed in shadow.

Footsteps resound throughout the small space. “I got the sample as you asked,” the doctor says, flicking his finger against a small vial of blood to remove the bubbles. “Out of my own curiosity, what do you intend to do with it?”

The man in the chair chuckles, a sound deep and chilling to anyone who isn’t already on his side. “It’ll come in handy in due time,” All For One says, facing the screen. “Until then... keep tabs on the boy. Tell me if anything of particular interest happens.”

The doctor grins toothily and bows out of the room, taking the vial of Izuku’s blood with him.
Chapter 35
Notes:

    Hey guys. Erm, so, uh, this is a little earlier than usual again but this time it's because I'm upset and I thought maybe posting this would boost my own spirits a little. I promised y'all fluff and now it's time to deliver. :)

    No art this time around but huge thanks to everyone who've done me things! thank you all so much. I hope you guys enjoy the chapter <3

Chapter Text

It’s Fistfight who wakes Eijirou in what is possibly the most cat-like way possible—chewing on his hair.

Eijirou opens his eyes tiredly and bats a hand at the cat. “Knock it off,” he complains. Fistfight responds by hissing, smacking Eijirou’s hand with a paw, and promptly scampering off.

Eijirou waits until he’s sure the cat’s gone before settling down again. Izuku didn’t wake up for the fiasco, sleeping soundly with his head tucked under Eijirou’s chin snugly, arms draped around his waist. The dark shadows under his eyes aren’t nearly as prominent as they used to be.  

Eijirou smiles softly and brings his arms back around his friend to pull him closer. He’ll have to head home pretty soon to meet his parents before the U.A. guy arrives, but until then, he’ll have this moment.

“Thank you for having me,” Kirishima says, bowing toward Mom respectfully.

Mom shakes her head at once. “You don’t need to thank me,” she says, turning towards Izuku with a smile. She glances back at Kirishima. “We’re happy to have you.”

When Kirishima straightens up, he has a small, embarrassed kind of smile on his face. “Yeah, but, I don’t wanna ever take advantage of your hospitality,” he says, rubbing the back of his neck, “so...there’s a chance I’ll still thank you. Occasionally.”

Mom’s smile grows. “I understand that,” she says, nodding. “Just don’t ever get it in your head that you’re imposing, alright?”

Kirishima nods with a more real smile this time. He and Izuku do their “not handshake,” and shortly thereafter, Kirishima sets off. The cats and Cat, sitting in a long line at Izuku’s side, don’t try to follow.

“...So.” Izuku turns to Mom quizzically. “When did you say the U.A. person was going to be here?”

Mom’s smile fades slowly. “Any time now, I suppose,” she says, glancing back at the wall clock. “They said over the phone that I should expect them before noon. We’re one of the last homes they’re hitting.”

Izuku takes it in with a nod. “Do you know what they want?”

“Yeah.” Mom doesn’t look at him. “They want to talk about a dorm system. For all their students.”

The realization doesn’t take long at all to settle in. A dorm system. On U.A.’s campus. It makes sense why they would do that, considering Izuku’s kidnapping, but...a dorm system, away from home, away from Mom…

She must see it in his eyes, because Mom cuts in before he can start spiraling. “We’ll see what happens when they get here,” she tells him, reaching over to touch his shoulder. “There are…” She glances at Cat and the thirteen cats, who blink back at her with wide, wondering eyes. “...Quite a few things we need to ask them, too, amongst others. Don’t worry about it yet, alright?”

Izuku nods. They eat breakfast in silence, undisturbed. Cat’s head is in Izuku’s lap the entire time. Izuku eats, but he doesn’t eat a lot before he goes back to doodling on his arms, redrawing old doodles, adding new ones over scars he’d missed before. Mom doesn’t bat an eye.

When breakfast is over, Mom says she’ll take care of the plates, and Izuku heads into his room to wait. On his desk are all his composition books with his friends’ Quirks, along with his own. He hadn’t added to it recently. Maybe he should, he doesn’t know.

He flops backwards onto his bed and drapes an arm over his forehead limply. Cat parades into the room with all the kittens trailing behind him, and at Izuku’s okay, Cat jumps onto the bed with him and plops his head on Izuku’s stomach. The cats, of course, don’t wait for an okay from him. They bounce onto the bed and curl around him, purring.

A dorm system. It sounds like a great idea, it really does. A way to ensure the students’ safety outside of school. Still, Izuku is unsure. He really doesn’t know. He’s made a lot of progress, but…

This is something he needs to think about. Plus, there’s Mom, too, and the issue of his pets. With her work, his problems, his animals, plus not to mention the prospect of living in a dormitory with dozens of other students…

He really doesn’t know.

Cat perks up unexpectedly, nose pointed towards the door, and Izuku sits up, pulling Diamond and Shiney off his shirt while he goes. Their doorbell rings.

Izuku sets Shiney and Diamond on the bed with their fellow cats and gets to his feet. As expected, he’s immediately followed by Cat and his namesake, all the way from his room, down the hall, and to the living room where Mom is answering the door.

She meets his eyes for a moment, hand on the knob, and once he nods, she pulls the door open. In the entryway stands Aizawa.

It doesn’t take long for them to all get settled. Izuku and Mom take the couch while Aizawa pulls over a chair from the dining table in another room. Cat stands at Izuku’s side like a fluffy, sentient gargoyle, and the braver of the cats—Fiddlesticks, Rainbow, and Fistfight to name a few—inspect the newcomer. Aizawa glances at them, but overall, doesn’t comment. Instead, he folds his hands loosely in his lap and speaks.

“Thank you for having me, Midoriya-san,” he says professionally. “I’m assuming you already received a call from the school concerning my visit.”

Mom nods. “The dorm system. Yes, I’m aware.”

Aizawa looks over at Izuku for a moment, then back at her. “Have you two had the chance to talk about it yet?”

Izuku and Mom turn to each other. Mom is the first to look away. “Well, more or less. I had a couple questions regarding these arrangements, and I wanted them answered before making a final decision.”

Aizawa spreads a palm. “By all means.”

Mom suddenly becomes very professional—as though she’s interrogating someone. “Would he be allowed to bring his animals with him? Both his cats and his dog?”

Aizawa nods. “I’ve asked ahead of time, and none of his classmates have cat allergies. The school doesn’t mind. As for Cat—” The dog perks up at his name, Izuku doesn’t know how he learned to differentiate, “—he also has clearance. As a service dog to be.”

“Right…” Mom nods, but she seems uncomfortable. “Listen, this might be a bit of an odd question, but...how are visiting limitations? Would I be able to see him whenever I—or, he—wanted to?”

“That brings me to something else I was asked to discuss with you,” Aizawa says, straightening up. “Midoriya-san, we are offering you an on-campus building.”

Mom’s eyes widen. “What?”

Aizawa glances at Izuku for a second, and while he speaks to Mom, it’s almost as though the words were meant for him.

“The villains came after you while Izuku was kinapped,” Aizawa says.

Izuku whirls around to stare at her, wide-eyed. “The villains came after you? Why didn’t you—”

“I’m fine, Izuku,” Mom says, shaking her head. “I promise, I’m fine. Your cats actually defended me.” She reaches over, strokes Rainbow’s head. “I didn’t mention it before. I’m sorry.”

Izuku releases a long breath and shakes his head. “I-It’s fine, I just—I was kinda—I wasn’t expecting that. I’m glad you’re okay.”

She smiles and settles a hand on his shoulder, then turns back to Aizawa. “I’m sorry, what were you saying?”

Aizawa nods and gets back to it; “The main purpose of the dorms was to ensure the students weren’t targeted by villains, but you were targeted just the same. At this point, we can’t put anything by the villains. Setting surveillance over your home wouldn’t be enough. If you’d accept, we’re preparing to have a building constructed for you along with the dormitory.”

“So I would live on-campus?”

“In your own building, yes.”

“That’s perfect,” Mom agrees, quicker than Izuku thought she would. “I’ve actually been planning on looking for a new house recently, considering…” She glances at Fistfight and Fiddlesticks, who are creeping up on Aizawa’s shoes. “...All the cats.”

“Alright. I’ll let the board know.” Aizawa sits a little straighter. “Now. Your decision. I don’t mean to pressure you, but this isn’t really something we can let sit.”

“Right.” Mom nods shortly, hands folded in her lap. “...As for me...I know you have Izuku’s best interests at heart, and I know that he’s been making more progress at U.A. than ever before. For me, I don’t think pulling Izuku from the school is an option I have, even after all that’s happened. I suppose, the real question is whether or not Izuku wants to continue at U.A.”

The spotlight is on him now. It’s a spotlight he’d never wanted to bear.

Except, now that he’s here and the decision is his to make—even if Mom hadn’t been offered an on-campus building—the answer is suddenly clear. He’d been unsure at first, maybe even hesitant, but Mom is right. He’s made progress. He’s learned so much. He isn’t the same boy he was seven years ago—hell, even seven months ago. Every step he’s taken so far has been one in the right direction. Even when he falls back, even when he’s set back, he hasn’t wavered.

More and more, he’s leaving his past behind. More and more, he’s becoming Midoriya Izuku.

Izuku lifts his head, meets Aizawa’s eyes, and says with every bit of resolve he has, “I’m willing. Bring it on.”

It’s bold, even for him, but he sees Mom’s smile, and even Aizawa’s lips quirk into a small grin.

“Alright, then. We’ll have it ready within the next couple of days; you’ll be contacted once everything has been arranged.”

With his fear gone, excitement is able to replace it. Izuku feels bubbly and light, and more than anything, he’s ready to meet whatever the future holds for him.

The dormitory is finished before Mom’s building. It makes sense, considering they’d started building the dorm long beforehand. As such, Izuku is the first to leave the household—with Cat and all the cats, of course.

His knives are gone from the walls. They’re barren, with only splatters of paint to their name. Izuku wonders, briefly, if he’ll be allowed to redo the whole paint thing in his new room at U.A. He supposes he’ll find out when he gets there. Maybe he could text Aizawa about it.

Someone had already come by earlier for his belongings; all he has to take with him to the dorm is himself and his animals.

“I’ll see you in a few days,” Mom says, cupping his face in her hands and smiling gently. “Take care of yourself, alright? Remember your Quirk suppressants if you need them.”

“I will, don’t worry.”

He’s never been able to say that to her before and mean it.

Her smile grows, and she pulls him into a tight embrace. He hugs her back, and when they let go, he’s ready.

8am—that’s when the students were asked to show up at Heights Alliance. Shouto gets there at 8am sharp, but not everyone does. Iida and Yaoyorozu arrive right on time, as expected of them. Kirishima charges in at 8:03, skidding like he’d just struck a home base. Uraraka and most the other girls arrive at the same time. Sero, Kaminari, and Mineta arrive around 8:10; by 8:15, everyone with exception of Midoriya is there.

Midoriya arrives at 8:17, looking great. The best Shouto has ever seen him, actually. He’s wearing a tye-dye shirt beneath his school blazer, and every couple steps, he leaps and glides on the heels of his shoes, which light up with each footfall. He has two hearts drawn in purple on one cheek and one heart drawn in pink on the opposite cheek. The little embroidery of a cartoon cat that Tsuyu gave him is pinned to the front of his blazer.

He looks happy, which shouldn’t make sense because he isn’t smiling, but gazing into his eyes, Shouto knows.

Cat bounces at Izuku’s side, as enthusiastically as though this is the best day of his life, and trailing behind Izuku are dozens of...fluffy...blobs…

Oh.

“Hey, Izuku!” Kirishima says, grinning and waving a hand. “Good to see yOU HOLY CRAP HOW MANY CATS DID YOU BRING!?”

“I only brought thirteen,” Midoriya says, and it’s only when he gets close enough that Shouto notices Rainbow curled on his shoulder. “The rest of them just kind of. Tagged along.”

“TAGGED ALONG!?”

“They’re mine now, though, so it doesn’t really matter.”

“YOU CAN’T JUST DO THAT—!”

It’s...bizarre, Shouto won’t lie, but it would seem the fiasco breaks an unspoken tension amongst the students, and soon everyone is laughing and cooing over the cats.

In front of them, a whistle blows. Everyone snaps to attention and whips around; Aizawa stands on the porch of Heights Alliance, a lanyard with a whistle around his neck.

“Alright,” he says, once everyone is listening, “all your belongings are already in your dorm rooms, as you should know. I’ll be giving out floors and room numbers shortly. Everyone, follow me.”

He spins on his heel and heads inside, and Midoriya and the others trail in his wake.

It’s huge. It’d already looked big on the outside, but the inside almost seems to double it in size. The ceiling stretches high above their heads; there are several couches around several coffee tables in an enormous common room; there’s a staircase and an elevator, along with a spacious kitchen and lucious carpets.

And then Shouto notices all the cat tunnels. They’re ridiculous, stretched across parts of the walls with rails leading up to them. The tubes themselves wind all the way around the room, spacious and luxurious. Shouto doesn’t know how extra U.A. has to be to take in account all [insert unfortunately high number] of Izuku’s cats.

“You’ll be sharing the dormitory with Class 1-B,” Aizawa explains as he leads them inside. “The common room is open to everyone. Bathing schedules will be announced on the billboard. Your rooms each have their own AC unit, a bathroom, a mini-fridge, and a balcony.”

“Holy crap, I feel like I’m some kind of celebrity,” Sero gapes, wide-eyed. “Is this...is this really for us?”

“Hot damn,” Satou remarks, turning around to take it all in. “This place is amazing.”

Shouto doesn’t think he’s ever seen Midoriya look more shellshocked. He looks particularly mesmerized by the sheer amount of cat railings and trails.

“I put all your floors and room numbers on a list on the billboard,” Aizawa says, pointing at said billboard by the door. “I’ll be giving Iida and Yaoyorozu a master key for the boys’ and girls’ dormitory respectfully. Please respect whatever rules they set for you.”

It’s all happening so fast, but it’s so exciting that Shouto isn’t bothered at all.

Kaminari’s hand shoots into the air, but he doesn’t wait to get called on. “You said we’re sharing a dorm with 1-B?”

“Well, it's more like there are two sides of the building," Aizawa says, "and you have one side while Class 1-B has the other. Although, there is a small alteration that I think it’s fair to bring to your attention…”

The confusion is unspoken and universal, and Aizawa turns to face them fully before saying,

“Monoma transferred to General Studies. Shinsou Hitoshi replaced him in Class 1-B.”

Shouto’s mind immediately goes wait, who? before he remembers the Cavalry Battle. Then, he remembers exactly who. The kid who borrowed Midoriya’s Quirk and wrecked the entire stadium.

Unsurprisingly, all eyes go to Midoriya, who looks on at Aizawa in shock. “He—wait, was he transferred out, or—?”

“He dropped out,” Aizawa elaborates simply. “He didn’t drop out of the school, but he asked the principal if there was any possibility he could move to a different study. You’re welcome to ask him yourself if you’d like.”

Midoriya looks down, but Shouto has no doubt he’s going to wind up doing exactly that.

“Well, that’s all from me.” Aizawa moves past the students, towards the door leading out. “Go ahead and get settled. We’ll start back with regular schooling on Monday.”

Today is Saturday. That gives them plenty of time to move in.

It’s a pretty simple ordeal. Shouto decorates his room with about as much poise as he can tolerate. Enough to make it like his home arrangements without taking up too much of his time. It takes him longer than he thought it would, in the end; he only hopes it was worth it. He still has a few more boxes to go through, but it’s mostly for sentimental junk and stuff he has for the mere reason that he can’t throw it away.

Once he’s finished, he takes the elevator downstairs to meet with the others. He’s on the third floor, dorm mates with Kirishima, Midoriya, and Tokoyami. Whether or not it’s a coincidence that he’s on the same floor as Kirishima and Midoriya remains a mystery.

“Ahhhh, man, that took forever,” Ashido moans, flopping backwards onto the couch. “Dang. I feel like if I lift one more box, my back is gonna snap.”

“I still have a few more boxes to unpack,” Iida murmurs, sitting across from them on the opposite couch. “We have all day tomorrow, though, so I don’t think we need to rush. We should take our time.”

“I’m still wondering where Izuku ran off to,” Kaminari says, draped over the back of the couch where Iida is sitting. His arms hang down the cousins like limp spaghetti. “He should be back by now, shouldn’t he?”

“I dunno,” Uraraka says, seated beside Ashido. “He said he needed to talk to Aizawa-sensei about something, so I guess if it was important, he could be gone for longer…”

Right on cue, the door swings open, and in walks Midoriya. His arms are filled with rolls and rolls of thin, translucent plastic, wound around long cardboard pipes. Cat, who’d come in alongside him, has a roll clenched between his teeth.

Midoriya kicks the door shut and pulls off his light-up shoes before crossing the room, not even seeming to realize that everyone has stopped talking and is staring at him. Cat tottles along by his side, looking more accomplished than any dog should (and carrying a tiny black feline on his back that Shouto doesn’t notice at first glance). Midoriya presses the elevator button with his toe, steps inside with Cat, and disappears with the sliding doors.

“...Ooookay…?” Sero turns to Kirishima. “What’s he up to?”

Kirishima throws his hands above his head. “Don’t look at me, I’d pay good money to know what goes through that guy’s head sometimes. We’ll find out eventually, I’m sure.”

“I’m still trying to figure out how he opened the door,” Kaminari says.

Ashido wiggles her fingers at him. “He’s a ninja.”

“He didn’t have an open hand.”

“He’s a ninja wizard.”

“He’s not—”

The elevator dings a few moments later, and out step an empty-handed Midoriya and Cat. They cross the room just like before, and as soon as Midoriya’s put his shoes back on, they disappear outside once again.

“There he goes,” Tsuyu says, raising a hand to wave. Whether or not she’s being sarcastic is anyone’s guess.

Shouto puts it out of his mind for a while and busies himself with making tea. He can hear Hagakure and Jirou waving cat toys around for the kittens in the living room, and not soon after, Fistfight curls around Shouto’s calf, purring loudly.

It surprises him. Fistfight is infamous; whenever Kirishima mentions the cat, it’s with a sense of fear and terror. She’s never interacted with Shouto much before, despite the times he’s been over to the Midoriyas. He feels honored.

At least, he does, right up until—

“...It’s just because you like my left side, isn’t it.”

Fistfight mrrows at him, a sound made light with floaty purrs of contentment, and smushes the side of her face against his left leg again.

“Yeah, that’s what I thought.”

Regardless, he takes his cup of tea back into the common room—just in time to watch as the door swings open once again. All eyes turn in that direction, watching wondrously; Midoriya kicks off his shoes and starts across the room with Cat. This time, he has two silver buckets, one in each hand, and a third is dangling from Cat’s mouth.

They vanish into the elevator without a single word.

The others don’t say anything this time. They simply turn to each other, blink, and then look back at the elevator when the doors slide open again. This time, it’s just Cat who walks out, heading for the door. He stoops down by the porch, clamps something small and wooden between his teeth, and trots back. He bops the elevator button with his nose, steps inside, sits, and the doors close behind him.

“...Okay.” Sero turns to the group, but doesn’t look at them. He’s staring off into space like there’s some kind of ghost on the wall. “Okay what the hell just happened.”

“I’m…” Iida raises a hand and points at the elevator. “I’m going to go see what he’s up to.”

“Good luck,” says Tsuyu.

“Plus Ultra,” agrees Ashido.

Iida heads toward the elevator, and after a second or so, Shouto joins him.

For whatever reason—though, probably more Cat’s doing than his own—Midoriya left his door cracked. The first thing Shouto notices is the cat flap embedded in the door; the second thing he notices is a strong, familiar, overpowering smell.

Judging by his face, Iida smells it, too. “Is that... paint?”

“It sure does smell like it,” Shouto murmurs back, voice low lest Midoriya hear them through the door. “Is he painting something…?”

“I can hear you, you know,” comes Midoriya’s voice from inside, and both Iida and Shouto just about jump out of their skin. “You can come in if you want, it’s no secret or anything.”

Iida seems uncertain, so Shouto reaches out and pushes the door open the rest of the way. The balcony door is wide open, and the curtains blow with the draft.

Midoriya is painting. And unless it’s intentional, he’s doing a very bad job of it.

There’s thin plastic wrap over everything, taped down with scotch tape and reinforced with even more scotch tape. A couple unpacked cardboard boxes sit on the floor (covered in plastic, of course), with three open paint cans on top of them. There are only three colors—blue, purple and green—and Midoriya is using a singular paint brush for all of them.

He hasn’t gotten very far, by the looks of it. Only a portion of the wall is paint-splattered (along with a good part of the hardwood floor, which, for whatever reason, wasn’t covered in plastic beforehand), and Midoriya’s tye-dye shirt and black-green hair has a generous amount of paint in it, too.

Shouto is shocked, but Iida seems mortified. “Midoriya, what…?”

“Do you want to help me?” Izuku asks, turning to them. His scarred, pale skin and blank eyes look so out of place amid the messy splotches of color. “Aizawa said I could paint as long as I didn’t mess anything up.”

Iida isn’t reassured in the slightest. “But you’re just—” He gestures animatedly, like he’s trying to find a word to say that isn’t rude, “—Tossing paint all over the place!”

Izuku doesn’t bat an eye. “It looks cool,” he says.

“It’d look even cooler if you had some semblance of order to it!” Iida replies loudly, and the second he reaches up to straighten his glasses, Shouto knows things just got real. “If you would accept my help, Midoriya, I would like to help show you how it’s properly done!”

Again, Izuku doesn’t so much as blink. “That’s great,” he says. “But you’re gonna need to get your own paint brush. I only have one.”

“I believe I can help with that.”

Shouto and Iida turn, and Midoriya looks behind them. Yaoyorozu stands just a little ways away, holding up four paintbrushes of varying sizes.

“I’m sorry for intruding,” she says, but she’s smiling. “My curiosity got the better of me. If you’ll accept my help, Midoriya, I would like to assist you, also.”

“Oh…” Midoriya blinks twice at her, like she’s from another planet. “Alright, then.”

“Can I help, too!?”

Ashido and Hagakure bounce out of nowhere, beaming as though this entire thing was their idea in the first place.

“I’m really good at painting!” Ashido swears, even though Shouto gets the feeling she’s never held a paint brush in her life. “C’mon, I can help! Pleeeasseee?”

“Of course,” Izuku says, nodding. “We’re...probably gonna need more paint brushes.”

“Leave it to me!” Yaoyorozu says, beaming a little brighter. “We’re all in this together, now!”

It could just be a trick of the light, or maybe Shouto’s own imagination, but Midoriya’s eyes shine.

It isn’t long before everyone knows about and gets into it. Yaoyorozu is the most elegant painter, bringing in a ladder from who even knew where so she could get to the ceiling. She brought in her own cans of paint, too (again, Shouto has no idea where they came from), and between her and the rest of the class, taking turns running in and out, the room is really busy really fast.

Shouto is more in the way than anything. He’s no artist, let alone a painter, so he’s out of his element here more than anyone else. His time is mostly spent getting out of the way of his classmates as they dash to and fro. He’s just about to call it a night, considering he isn’t contributing whatsoever, when he overhears,

“Hey, buddy, you doin’ alright?”

Attention grasped, Shouto spins around. Midoriya is nodding to Kirishima, but his hand—his left one—is shaking.

“I’m fine,” he says evenly, and if not for his trembling hand, Shouto would believe him, “just, y’know. The shoulder’s still pretty sore after what happened.”

The latter clangs as Yaoyorozu takes two steps down it. “If your shoulder is ailing you, Midori-chan, you shouldn’t keep using it,” she says, very big-sister like, shaking her head. “Maybe take a break for a bit, and you can come back and see it once we’re through.”

“Yeah!” Ashido agrees with a brush in her hand and a smile on her face. She has a big splotch of blue paint on her cheek, and a drop of paint falls from the brush splats the floor when she isn’t paying attention. “We can handle this no problem, you go downstairs and take it easy!”

Midoriya doesn’t seem convinced, and this is exactly when Shouto seizes his chance.

“You could come help me unpack if you want, Midoriya,” he offers. “I’ve got a couple more boxes to go through.”

Midoriya perks up a little at that, turning to look at him. “You’re sure you don’t mind?”

“I’m sure.” For emphasis, Shouto starts towards the door leading out, gesturing for Midoriya to follow him. “If you want to come, you’re free to.”

As expected, Midoriya follows, pulling the door to behind him. For once, he isn’t followed by any of his animals.

“...Thanks,” Midoriya says simply. “For pulling me out of there.”

Shouto doesn’t look at him. “I’m sure Kirishima would’ve done it if I didn’t, but I thought it’d be easier this way. He isn’t exactly the most subtle person around.”

Midoriya nods stiffly. “I love everyone, really, I do,” he says, “it’s just...hard. I wasn’t really expecting all of them to jump on it like that. It’s nice, but...”

“Yeah.” Shouto nods, too. “The quiet is also nice, sometimes.”

Midoriya doesn’t answer, but the air between them is calm and peaceful. Shouto reaches for the knob and swings open the door to his room. He’d styled it like a typical Japanese home, and while it may be a little plain and uninteresting, it’s perfect for him.

“Wow.” Midoriya blinks at the room while Shouto shuts the door behind them. “You did all this quickly, huh…”

Shouto shrugs. “Not all of it,” he says, crossing the room and pulling two boxes from up against the wall. “Still got this to go through. Most of it’s just sentimental junk, but anyway.”

“That’s fine.” Midoriya follows him and kneels across him in front of the boxes. “If you’ll have me, I’d love to help.”

They really do have a lot in common, Shouto and Midoriya. Shouto uses the knife Midoriya gave him to slice open the boxes, and Midoriya helps him remove the packing tissue.

The first thing that’s unveiled is a picture frame—the only picture Shouto took with him. Shouto sees it first, but it’s Midoriya who actually brushes away the packing tissue to study it.

“...Siblings?” Midoriya guesses, but by his tone he already knows.

Shouto nods. “Yeah.” He scoots to the other side of the boxes until his and Midoriya’s shoulders nearly brush. “That’s Fuyumi—” He points, “—Touya—” He points again, “and Natsuo. I’m in the middle there.”

Midoriya studies the photograph for a long while before handing it back. “They look really cool,” he says. “Are they still at home? Are you close?”

“Close…” Shouto sighs, then shakes his head, reaching to set the picture frame on the nightstand. “Close is...a strong word. I feel like we would be close, if I actually had the chance, but…”

“Right, right…” Midoriya nods darkly. “Endeavor. You know, it’s getting increasingly hard to not just stab him in the kneecaps and be done with it.”

“The feeling’s mutual, honestly,” Shouto says, “but either way, he doesn’t matter now. I’m away from him at this point, and I’m charting my own course, so. There’s no point in being upset about him.”

Midoriya sighs.

“But,” Shouto says, digging through one of the two boxes if just to have something to do, “I’m sure my siblings would love to meet you one of these days. Natsuo and Fuyumi are pretty free most of the time. We could even take them down to the soda shop or something.”

Some of the murder leaves Midoriya’s eyes, and he nods. “That sounds nice,” he says. “I’d like to meet them.”

The rest of the unboxing goes without much incident. Shouto doesn’t even know why he bothered bringing half this stuff with him; a sock puppet Fuyumi made when he was three, a book Natsuo snuck under his bed one night after a long day of training, a tiny wooden cup with his name on it…

“Todoroki, what’s this?”

Shouto turns. Midoriya is staring into the bottom of one of the boxes, wide-eyed. When Shouto looks over his shoulder, he’s half expected to see a cat in there (really, that wouldn’t surprise him one bit), but what he’s met with instead is a pair of inline skates.

“Oh.” Shouto reaches into the box and pulls out the skates, one after the other. “These things. Fuyumi used to be really into ice skating. She and Natsuo used to take me all the time whenever Endeavor was on long business trips.”

Shouto swears Midoriya’s eyes sparkle. “They’re like...blade-shoes.”

Now Shouto gets it. He really should’ve gotten it from the start. “Yeah,” he says, nodding. “They’re kind of like those wheel-shoe things you have.”

“You mean the heelys?”

“Yeah. You can skate around the ice with them. It’s really fun  once you get good at it.”

Midoriya looks away, wide-eyed. “Knife heelys,” he whispers, like it’s the secret to the universe, and Shouto almost laughs then and there.

“Sorta,” he says, getting to his feet. “If you want, I can help you learn how to do it. It’s been years, but I’d like to think it’s sort of like riding a bike.”

Midoriya blinks. “What about riding a bike?”

“You don’t forget.”

“Huh.” Midoriya gets to his feet, holding the ice skates against his chest. “I’ve never ridden a bike before, so I guess I wouldn’t know. I think it’d be kind of hard to find ice to skate on, though.” At this, he looks down at the skates, almost sadly. “With the whole dorm system and stuff, it’d be hard to actually get leave to go off-campus.”

“Well…”

Midoriya looks at him, and Shouto shifts his right foot out in front of him. Immediately, Midoriya’s eyes widen.

“I was thinking,” Shouto says, “as long as we keep it between the two of us…”

He twists his foot into the ground, and a flat, even line of ice spreads across the floor, dodging around Midoriya’s and Shouto’s feet. It’s about four inches thick and the strongest kind Shouto can muster.

Midoriya stares at him like he’d placed the stars in the sky. “...Are you serious?”

“Yes,” Shouto says, but he doesn’t know why he’s doing this. He’d never have done this before meeting Midoriya. “It’s a small space, but I think it’s enough to give you the basic idea until we can find a rink somewhere else.”

“...You’re serious,” Midoriya realizes. “You’re dead serious about this.”

“Here, I’ll start—” Shouto reaches out and takes the skates from Midoriya’s arms, “and then you can try.”

Midoriya lets him. Shouto walks across the ice cautiously and sits on the edge of his desk chair. Midoriya stands by him to watch, and Shouto pulls the skates over his feet, laces them, grabs the edge of the desk for support, and straightens up.

He’s surprised by how much balance he still has, considering he hasn’t done this in so long. He does a small little spin, skates remaining on the ground, and when he turns to face Midoriya again, he looks absolutely spellbound.

“It’s really easy,” Shouto says, “once you get the hang of it.”

“They really are knife heelys,” Midoriya gapes. Shouto doesn’t think he’s ever seen anyone look this excited. About anything. “Can I try?”

“Sure thing. The shoes might be kinda big on you, but…”

Shouto glides back over and swaps places with Midoriya. Now he’s the one in skates, grasping the desk for support. He stands on the skates, but doesn’t make any move to release the desk.

“Uhhh...Midoriya?”

“I’m gonna fall the second I let go,” Midoriya says, looking down at his feet, “but a part of me wants to try anyway.”

“If you want to,” Shouto says, “I won’t stop you.”

Midoriya sucks in a breath, lets it go, and pushes himself off the desk. He almost loses his balance and ends up having to catch the edge of the nightstand to regain it, but still. He seems elated enough.

And Shouto doesn’t know why. If someone asked him what’d changed, he wouldn’t be able to say. There’s always been something about Midoriya. Someone who knew exactly what it was like and could sympathize with his weak spots and hardships.

Aside from his siblings—people he wasn’t really allowed to interact with, anyway—Shouto never had any of that. And now here’s Midoriya, with throwing accuracy to scare even the strongest of villains, with more skill than someone his age should possess, with a Quirk he hates, with scars covering every part of visible skin, with cats who follow him around and a dog who doesn’t know when to stop, with powerful words and golden eyes.

With compassion Shouto had never known before.

Midoriya whips himself around on the skates accidentally, barely managing to catch himself on the wall, but when he meets Shouto’s eyes, something’s different. His lips are barely curved. Only his front teeth are visible.

But that’s a smile. That’s a smile, and a second later, Shouto finds himself smiling, too.

Getting rid of the ice is easy. Shouto is able to melt and evaporate it simultaneously with activation of his left side. Midoriya seems disappointed, but he doesn’t voice any of it, especially not after Shouto promised they’d visit a proper rink someday. Not just the two of them, but everyone.

They’ve just finished breaking down the boxes to be taken to the garbage later when there’s a frantic knock at Shouto’s door. Midoriya and Shouto both whip around, and Shouto strides forward, yanking the door open.

It’s Jirou, with a sly smirk and a dash of orange paint on her cheek.

“Finished,” she says, flashing the two of them a thumbs-up. “You’re gonna flip, Midoriya.”

She turns away, gesturing for them to follow, and Shouto and Midoriya jog behind in her wake. Midoriya’s room is only a door down from Shouto’s, and Jirou throws open the door grandly and spreads her arms in a grand gesture.

Shouto and Midoriya peer inside.

It looks like a totally different room. The balcony door is still wide open, airing it out, but the once white curtains are now a dark shade of purple. The plastic has been torn down and is nowhere in sight; the only evidence of their painting adventure are the cans and brushes stacked neatly by the wall.

The floor itself is paint-splattered, but the disorder has a certain sense of aesthetic to it. As for the walls, Shouto doesn’t know where to start. The base color for the entire room is purple, but above that are splatters and splashes and swirls of blue, white, silver, gold, orange, yellow, green—basically, any bright color you could think of. The only black to be seen are a few music notes (obviously Jirou’s touch), and there are lots of swirls and hearts and flowers. There are several cats painted on the walls, too, either batting at a flower or chasing a butterfly.

Not everyone is in the room—most of them are crowded outside—but Yaoyorozu, Kirishima, Iida, Uraraka, Sero, Tsuyu, Jirou, and Hagakure are in the room, and they all spread their hands grandly while awaiting Midoriya’s approval.

“What do you think!?” Hagakure asks, springing up to him. “It still needs to dry and the room has a lot of airing out to do, but doesn’t it look great? I think it looks great, how about you?”

“I…” Midoriya looks absolutely dumbfounded, which is valid. Shouto is, too. “I have...I-I have no words…”

“Dude, that’s not even the best part,” Kirishima says, pulling Midoriya and Shouto into the room. “You’ve gotta see this. Tsuyu, on three, hit the lights.”

Tsuyu nods, fingers hovering over the lightswitch. Kirishima drags Shouto and Midoriya to the center of the room, then pulls them down to the floor with him when he sits. Yaoyorozu and Iida sink to the floor, and soon after, so does everyone else in the room. Uraraka pulls the door shut before crawling over to join them.

“Ready?” Tsuyu says.

Yaoyorozu gives a nod, and Tsuyu flicks off the light.

Shouto’s breath gets stuck in his throat.

On the ceiling above them, galaxies are painted in all sorts of glow in the dark colors and hues. There are blues, purples, yellows, whites, golds; strewn about in spiraling patterns for galaxies, splatters for stars, glitter for what lies far beyond.

“Kirishima told me that stars are really important to you,” Yaoyorozu says softly. “I hope I did them justice, Midori-chan.”

Shouto can make out Midoriya’s face thanks to the nightlights on the walls. Midoriya’s eyes are wide, turned towards the ceiling, and just like before, Shouto doesn’t need confirmation to know.

Tsuyu turns on the lights once again, and the stars vanish with them. Everyone turns their heads downwards, eyes on Midoriya.

“What do you think?” Uraraka asks, scooting a little closer. “Do you like it? Is there something you want us to do differently, or…?”

Midoriya stares out into space for a while longer. Then, he sniffs. Then, he brings his hands up towards his eyes.

“You guys,” he murmurs, voice breaking at the end. “Y-You’re gonna make me cry again…”

“Aww, buddy!” Kirishima reaches over and drags Midoriya into a tight side-hug. “If you start cryin’, man, I’m gonna cry, and you do not wanna see me cry, I’m a mess—”

Midoriya laughs hoarsely, the sound weak and choked with tears, and the atmosphere is suddenly much lighter. Yaoyorozu, Iida, and the rest of those involved with it exchange soft, contented smiles, and they stay there on the floor until Midoriya exhausts his tears and Kirishima releases him.

“T-Thanks,” Midoriya says, wiping his eyes. “S-Sorry, that was...that was kind of uncalled for. Again.”

“Hey, don’t mention it,” Kirishima says, giving him a tiny nudge on his good shoulder. “It’s never uncalled for, dude.”

The door bangs open, and the rest of the waiting students all start talking at once.

“Does he like it!?”

“What do you think, Midoriya?”

“I drew the cats!”

“I did the flowers, see!?”

“Did you like it? I hope you liked it—!”

“It’s perfect,” Midoriya cuts in, and they all shut up at once. “I really do like it, believe me. It’s perfect. It’s really, really perfect. It’s...it’s so much more than I could’ve ever hoped for.”

A smile passes through the group like a virus. Shouto doesn’t think there’s ever been this much positive energy condensed into a single room before.

“I’ve got a question, though,” Kaminari says, pointing. “What are we gonna do with all the leftover paint?”

“I kind of wanted to put a couple little things on my wall,” Uraraka says, scratching her cheek with a finger. “Izuku-chan gave me the idea, but having a couple small little things up on the wall would be really cute.”

“Now that you mention it,” Tsuyu says, turning, “I could better theme my room if I put a couple little frogs on the walls.”

“I was already planning on using the leftover black paint for some music notes in my room,” Jirou says, jabbing a thumb over her shoulder. “We should do that.”

“Hell YEAH!” Kaminari shouts, pumping his fist into the air. “Oh, waitwaitwait, I could put lightning bolts on the walls! Wouldn’t that be something!?”

“Even a couple stripes of color would be better than the plain walls.”

“I could draw some little birdies! That’d be so cute!”

“Oh, I’ve got an idea! We should—!”

And so the night carries on.

Shouto isn’t even sure how it came down to it, but he winds up letting Jirou and Ashido invade his homespace to paint light, wintergreen-blue snowflakes on the walls of his Japanese-themed room. In the end, he likes them. They add a nice touch to the blandness.

It carries on, with the class moving in waves as they sweep through each other’s rooms with the paint and the brushes. Sero basically does what Midoriya originally tried to do, but with more order, painting spirals and curls of different colors. Satou painted sprinkles and cherries all over his walls, along with a couple pink drips to mimic frosting. Tsuyu went with her original plan and added little green frogs on lilypads, along with tiny flies drifting a little too close. Kouda, of course, paints as many little critters as he can think of.

“The music notes look great, Jirou!” Ashido says brightly as they peered into said girl’s room. “They add a really cute little touch to the rest of the room! Good choice!”

Jirou smiles, cheeks going pink. “Thanks,” she says, running a finger along one of the dry notes. “Kinda cutesy, but I think they work.”

“Do you play an instrument?” Midoriya asks.

Jirou nods. “Guitar, mostly,” she answers, gesturing to her acoustic sitting on its stand on the other side of the room. “But I can play some other stuff, too.”

Midoriya stares at the guitar for a little while longer. “...Can you teach me?”

Jirou’s eyes widen in surprise, but her shock is quickly replaced with a small smile. “I mean,” she says, shuffling a foot against the carpet, “I’m not sure how good a teacher I’d be, but I could show you the ropes.”

Midoriya’s eyes shine, and he thanks her ardently.

So on and so forth it went. The students swept through their classmates’ rooms, complimenting their tastes, questioning their tastes. Right up until about four in the morning.

It was Iida who originally discovered the night ticking away into morning, and he quickly (and loudly) ushered everyone to bed—especially Midoriya, though, who was still recovering from injuries. Midoriya had waved him off as he left with Cat and a small army worth of cats and kittens, promising he’d get a good night’s sleep.

Everyone soon joined him in their own dorm rooms for bed, bidding goodnight to each other on their way to the elevator, up the stairs, or even down the halls toward their rooms.

Shouto is this close to falling asleep when his phone dings.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Can I borrow you for like, two seconds?
I swear it’ll only be like two seconds.

Shouto swings himself to his feet, leaves his phone on the side table, and heads down the hall toward Midoriya’s room. He’s careful, lest the floorboards creak underneath him (it’s a new building, still settling and whatnot, so anything could happen), and he knocks on Midoriya’s room a total of three times. Two seconds later, the door opens, and Midoriya beckons him inside.

Midoriya must have finished unpacking or something, because Shouto does not remember that many knives on the walls before. His bed is covered in stuffed animals and blankets (and actual animals, too), and on his desk sits a bright pink laptop, at least ten additional knives, about twenty colored pens, and two pencil cups varying between knife cups and pen cups. The room is almost fully lit thanks to night lights, and a deep, purple lava lamp sits on the dresser.

“What is it?” Shouto asks while Midoriya grabs two highlighters from the desk. “What’s the matter?”

Midoriya hands the highlighters to Shouto, who takes them curiously. “You’re the only person who didn’t get to add anything on the wall,” Midoriya explains, reaching out and pressing his hand against the dry, multi-colored surface. “I don’t have anymore paint, but I still wanted you to add something. I thought the highlighters would do.”

Shouto blinks. It’s a simple, sentimental thing—like him keeping the ice skates even after so many years. He nods, thinks to himself for a moment, then uncaps the blue highlighter, finds a white patch on the wall to draw over, and doodles a tiny kitten.

It was the first thing that came to mind when he walked into the room and saw all the cats asleep on Midoriya’s bed. When he’s done, he hands back the highlighters, and Midoriya takes them back and tosses them onto the desk.

“Thanks,” he says. “Sorry for dragging you back here on short notice, I just wanted to do it before I forgot.”

“That’s fine,” Shouto says, nodding. “It was nice of you to think of me.”

“Of course.” Midoriya nods. “Well, anyway, I won’t keep you. I know you’re exhausted. You can go back to your room now and I’ll see you in the morning.”

“Alright,” Shouto agrees, turning towards the door to head out. “Goodnight, Midoriya.”

“Goodnight, Todor—oh, actually, one more thing.”

Shouto looks back at him. Midoriya meets his eyes.

“You can call me Izuku.”

Shouto blinks, taken aback. But, when he realizes what this means, he accepts it with a nod.

“Thank you. I will. And—And you can call me Shouto.”

Izuku’s eyes shine in the darkness. “...Thank you. Goodnight, Shouto.”

“Goodnight, Izuku.”

Shouto leaves, pulling the door shut behind him, and he falls asleep faster that night than he has in years.

Shouto wakes up the next morning feeling more fully rested than he had in a long time. A quick glance at his phone tells him it’s one o’clock PM on a Sunday afternoon, and he’s only glad it’s the weekend, or Aizawa would no doubt have their heads for sleeping in so late.

Shouto sets his phone back on the side table and is about to shut his eyes again, but his fingers brush against something that hadn’t been there before. He opens his eyes again, curious, and reaches around his phone for it.

It’s a sheet of stickers. Small, snowflake-shaped stickers with a greenish hue. Shouto blinks long and hard at them, then turns the sheet over. There’s a note on the back written in bright purple, cursive handwriting. The same bright purple cursive handwriting that’d given him directions to the vent forest.

I didn’t have any actual snowflake stickers, so I used the corner of one of my knives to shape a couple of my extra glow-in-the-dark star stickers so they looked like snowflakes. I’m sorry if they’re not very good, I’m still getting used to using knives for things that AREN’T combat-related.

Anyway, they should still glow in the dark. I hope you like them!

-Izuku

Shouto has to re-read the message twice before the meaning actually sinks in, but when it does, he snatches his phone from the side table, pulls up his messenger, and types and sends a text faster than ever before in his life.

[Todoroki Shouto]
Did you seriously carve the star stickers into snowflakes

[Midoriya Izuku]
^ . . ^

[Todoroki Shouto]
Do you have any idea how insane that is

[Midoriya Izuku]
^ . . ^/ ❄

[Todoroki Shouto]
I’m being serious

[Midoriya Izuku]
^ . . ^/ ❄❄❄
Just take your heckin snowflakes Shouto.

He goes offline after that, so even if Shouto had come up with a viable argument, Izuku wouldn’t’ve heard it.

It comes as no surprise that they all slept in, and despite how appalled Iida is, it only makes sense. They hadn’t gotten to sleep until early morning, so of course they woke up at an obscenely late hour.

But what is a surprise is the state in which Izuku finds his classmates in the common room, gathered around the center table, all looking like they’d suffered the worst nightmare of their lives. In the midst of them, pacing the floor, is Cat.

“What’s wrong?” Izuku asks, crossing the room toward them. Cat has a flap in the door so he can leave when he wants (but judging by the ajar door, he’d let himself out), so finding Cat down here isn’t a surprise, either. “What happened?”

“Your dog doesn’t know how to dog,” Sero says, wide-eyed.

Izuku is just about to ask what he means by that when Cat lets out a god awful noise. It sounds somewhere between a gurgle, a choke, and a... some kind of animalistic something. It really is terrible. His classmates tense and push themselves further into the couch cushions like they’re trying to escape. Cat, for his part, looks all too pleased with himself.

“He’s trying to meow,” Satou says, looking the most scared of all of them. “Isn’t there something you can say to make him stop?”

“Why?” Izuku asks, frowning.

“Because it’s freaking terrifying,” Sero cuts in. “Do you have any idea how unsettling it is to hear that right outside your door while it’s still dark out? It’s not natural, dogs aren’t supposed to do that.”

“Kouda doesn’t even know what to make of it!” Kaminari pipes up, gesturing at Kouda beside him. “C’mon, Kouda, tell him what you told Kirishima!”

It’s like he’s trying to piece together several dialects to make a cohesive statement, Kouda says, looking embarrassed—and maybe a little scared, too.   But he has no idea what he’s doing so in the end he just sounds kinda sad and lost. Even though I think he’s happy with himself.

Izuku opens his mouth to object, but Cat makes that noise again, and he doesn’t really have an argument.

“Okay, fine,” Izuku says, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I guess we can— try training him out of it? I don’t know, how would you even go about doing that?”

“I could find some videos on my laptop,” Shouji offers, straightening up. “Maybe if he heard what an actual dog sounds like, he’d be able to pick it up. He’s copying the cats, so who’s to say he can’t copy a video, too?”

Everyone else is nodding before Izuku can even think about it.

“Anything’s worth a shot, I think,” Kaminari says with a firm nod, like he’s trying to reassure himself. “We’ll make a dog of Cat, yet.”

Shouto walks in on them as they’re all sitting in a circle on the floor with Cat in the middle, Shouji’s laptop blasting a video someone’d took of their barking dog. Izuku is half expecting Shouto to turn around and walk right out.

He doesn’t, though. Instead he crosses the room and takes a seat on the floor in between Izuku and Uraraka.

“What’s going on?” he asks once he’s situated.

“We’re trying to teach Cat how to dog,” Kaminari answers, and nudges Shouji with an elbow. “Hey, play it again.”

The rest of the cats—not just Izuku’s, but his classmates’ cats, too—sneak over to investigate, crawling over Cat and Izuku like they’re their own personal jungle gyms. Teacup in particular makes her home on Shouto’s lap.

“Well,” Shouji says, shutting his laptop after what must be the tenth loop, “we could see how that goes. If that doesn’t work, I don’t know what we’re going to do.”

So that’s that. The cats disperse in different directions, up their cat ramps, around the room. Cat takes two by the scruff, places them on his back, and flops down on the floor in front of the couch. Yaoyorozu reaches down from where she’s reading a book and scratches his head.

“Hey, Midoriya.”

Izuku turns; Jirou approaches from the staircase.

“If you aren’t too tired after yesterday,” she says once she’s stopped in front of him, “I can give you your first guitar lesson.”

Izuku blinks at her, long and slow. “Really? Are you sure? You’re not too tired?”

Jirou shakes her head. “I’ve actually been reading up on some stuff I could teach you, so I’m really excited. If you want to we can start right now.”

Izuku bounces to his feet, hands Rainbow off to Shouto (“Thanks,” Shouto says, as Rainbow curls up with Teacup in his lap), and follows Jirou up the stairs.

“Thanks for offering to teach me, Jirou.”

“No problem,” Jirou says, smiling. She shuts the door behind them and gestures to the edge of her bed. “Go ahead and sit down, I’ll grab the guitar.”

Izuku nods wordlessly and sits on the edge of her bed, waiting. Jirou’s room has a kind of simple elegance to it, with tinted-purple lights overhead, posters of bands Izuku doesn’t recognize on the walls, along with all those painted music notes.

“I have a surprise for you, actually, Midoriya.”

She brings over not only her own guitar, but another, slightly smaller one, in a black case. She sits down on the edge of the bed beside Izuku and settles the cased guitar in his lap. She nods to it when he looks at her questioningly, and he undoes the clasps and flips back the lid.

“It was my old acoustic,” she explains. “I didn’t really need a new one, but my mom and dad were insistent and got me one for my birthday. This is my old one. Sorry it’s a hand-me-down, but it’s a really fine instrument. I can teach you how to string it and everything.”

The smooth wooden body of the guitar shines beneath the purple-tinted lights. Izuku almost can’t believe it.

“You...you want me to have this? Are you sure?”

“I’m positive,” Jirou says, smiling at him. “It’s just collecting dust as it is right now, so I’d much rather you take it and actually play it. It might take some time to get used to, and it might be discouraging when you first start, but I think you’d make a great musician, Midoriya.”

Izuku runs his fingers along the smooth wood. “...You think so?”

She nods, then positions her own guitar in her arms, fingertips touching the strings lightly. “I’ll show you how to hold it, first,” she says. “Go ahead and take it out of the case…”

He doesn’t get very far. He learns a couple basic chords and commits them to memory, but he can’t quite shift between them nearly as fast as he needs to. Jirou promises that he’ll get it with practice, and shortly thereafter, Izuku thanks her once again and returns to his room, one guitar heavier.

As soon as he gets there, he sets the guitar in its case gingerly on his bed, then turns and examines his wall of knives. He hadn’t been able to take all of them to U.A. with him due to regulations; a lot of them wound up sold online, unfortunately; but he still has a decent amount to choose from.

That night, just as Jirou is getting ready to go to bed, she hears a dull thud against her door.

Curious, she slides out of her desk chair and moves over to investigate. No one’s there when she looks out the peep-hole, but curiosity gets the best of her, and she opens the door anyway.

There’s a sheathed knife on the floor, with a simple purple bow around the hilt. Jirou looks left down the hallway, then right. There’s nobody there.

Bending down, she picks up the knife and studies it. She doesn’t notice anything out of place at first; but then she notices something carved into the hilt of the knife alongside the ribbon. Two letters: J.K.

Immediately, she knows. She smiles to herself, tightens her fingers around the hilt of the knife, and retreats into her room.

Izuku is surprised by how easily he falls asleep that night, actually. He’d thought that maybe being in a new place with unfamiliar surroundings would confuse his already tipsy sleep schedule, but not so. He actually slept better that Sunday night than he had in a long time.

And then comes Monday morning. He sets an alarm for 6am and is up and dressed by 6:10; and then, at 6:30, his phone dings with a text from Mom.

[Mom]
I received a call from U.A., the building is ready. I’ll be moving in shortly if you’d like to come by after class. :)

So there’s that to look forward to after the school day. But there’s a lot on his mind that he has to take care of first and foremost.

Starting with Monoma.

Classes 1-A and 1-B leave their dormitories at the same time that morning, heading to the main building for their classes. Sure enough, Izuku sees Shinsou amongst them. He seems kind of awkward, unsure, but his new 1-B fellows are already making friends with him, dragging him into conversations, laughing and talking all the while.

Izuku doesn’t say anything to him yet. There’ll be time for that later, maybe, once they’ve all settled into their new arrangements.

The day goes uneventfully. Nothing new to write home about. One thing Izuku does notice is that everyone—though in particular, the teachers—are on edge. He doesn’t see All Might all day, either. Aizawa says that he got caught up in some police business, which Izuku gets, but still. Something about it doesn’t sit right with him.

Oh well. Maybe he can ask about that before the day is over, he doesn’t know.

And then lunch comes, and Izuku seizes his opportunity to talk to Monoma.

He intentionally finds an empty table and stands by it, waiting and searching the crowd of students. Eventually, he sees Monoma, carrying a tray and glancing around, looking for a seat.

Izuku waves him down. Monoma meets his eyes.

“So...why’d you drop out of the hero program?”

Monoma lets out a huge sigh, breaking his chopsticks apart. “A couple reasons,” he says, stirring around his ramen needlessly. “Though, most of them had to do with my own self-analysis. I’ve been thinking about what you said to me at the sports festival, Midoriya—about changing myself. Bettering myself.”

Izuku listens, stirring around his katsudon. “And…? How’s that been going?”

“It’s been…” Monoma looks down at his bowl. “Well. I mean. It’s been going. That thing that happened at the sports festival really changed me, Midoriya. Really gave me insight on how I’d been acting up until that point.”

Izuku nods. “So, does that mean you’ve given up on it? Being a hero?”

“Oh, hell no,” Monoma says immediately, shaking his head. “No, definitely not. Just, for now, I thought it’d be better if I backed down. Worked on myself some more before I get to saving other people. If I have to take some college hero courses after school, well...I’ll be more prepared for it then than I am now.”

“I see.” Izuku mulls this over for a bit. “That’s pretty mature of you, Monoma. I might actually have some respect for you, yet.”

Monoma laughs and shakes his head. “I wouldn’t expect you to,” he says, rubbing the back of his neck, “but thanks. From here on out, I’m going to work on being the kind of person that people can look up to. Not the kind of hero just yet. The kind of person.”

“Again.” Izuku points his chopsticks at him. “Pretty damn mature. Count me officially proud of you.”

“Ahh, well, thanks,” Monoma says, stirring his ramen again. He pauses for a moment, teeth sank into his bottom lip. “Say, Midoriya—what is your Quirk? It took out the entire arena. That’s pretty insane.”

Izuku sets his chopsticks beside his bowl. Monoma does the same. And Izuku tells him all about Glitch. Not how he’d obtained it, but rather, how he’d learned to wield and harness it. Monoma listens on in awe.

It wasn’t much, sharing lunch and a conversation or two, but walking away from it, Izuku could definitely see the two of them becoming friends somewhere down the line. At this rate, it wouldn’t even be too further down the line.

Mom’s building is located on the opposite side of the U.A. building—a fair distance from the dormitory, but not too terrible of a walk. When the school day is over, Izuku grabs Cat from the dormitory, tells the others he’ll catch up, then takes the walk across the property and to Mom’s new building.

It’s...huge, actually. Which, considering it’d been built by U.A.’s team, Izuku really shouldn’t have expected anything less. It’s a nice building, spacious, with two floors. It’s painted typical U.A. gray with white accents.

Izuku knocks, and as soon as his mother’s voice calls, “Come in!” he opens the front door and heads inside.

It’s already furnished nicely. The hardwood floor reflects the overhead lights, and a couch faces a widescreen TV in the center of the room. There’s a wing where the kitchen is, along with a dining area and a spiral staircase leading up.

It looks like the kind of house fit for a celebrity. Which is great, because his mother deserves nothing less for all she’s had to deal with.

Mom swings around the corner with a wide, bright smile. It’s actually one of the brighter smiles he’s seen from her, and it occurs to him that they’re very rarely away from each other for this long.

“Izuku!” she says, crossing the room in long strides. Her arms go around his shoulders, and he hugs her back fiercely. He hadn’t even realized how much he’d missed her until this moment in her arms.

She pulls back and holds him by the shoulders, smile not fading. She turns away, glancing about the room, before letting out a long sigh. “I told them just a small place would suffice,” she laments, shaking her head. “But I guess I should know better. This place is huge, though, and you haven’t even seen the upstairs part of it.”

Izuku blurts without thinking, “We should open a cat cafe.”

He’d said it as a joke, a joke, but Mom doesn’t actually shake her head or roll her eyes, even good-naturedly. She looks away, almost thoughtful, and Izuku’s eyes blow wide.

“Wait. Are you actually—? You’re considering—?”

“Not yet, anyway,” Mom says, shaking her head, “but it’s been on my mind for some time, now. I’ll be honest, Izuku…” At this, she drops her hands from his shoulders and sighs again. “I’ve been considering retiring for a long while now. We’re doing well enough financially, and I wanted to be able to devote myself to taking care of you, even if you’re doing better on your own.”

“Retiring?” Izuku repeats. “Like—you’d stop being a lawyer? I thought you loved it.”

“I do,” Mom says, “but think about the situation here, Izuku. I’m a villain target now. Even if I hadn’t already been considering the possibilities, it’s not safe for me at this time. For now, it’s better if I wait it out.”

She’s right, and Izuku knows she’s right. A selfish part of him wants her to keep doing it because she loves it, and he knows she loves it, but she is right, and he doesn’t want her to be in danger. Ever. He’s not sure how he’d react if something happened to her and he was there to see it.

“So, as such…” Mom’s face brightens a little. “I’ve been genuinely considering our options, and, well...you know what? After this blows over...after the League is dealt with, Izuku...let’s open a cat cafe.”

Izuku could cheer it from the rooftops. He almost cheers it right there. “You mean it?” he asks, hardly daring to hope. “We could open a cat cafe?”

“Someday,” Mom reminds him, but she nods. “I should have considered it before, I suppose, but yes. Someday, I promise you, we’ll have our own cat cafe.”

Izuku dives into her arms again, and she hugs him back with a light, bubbly laugh that makes his spirits soar. They’re both safe now. They’re all safe now, moving forward with their new arrangements at U.A.

There’s only forward from here.

In the dead of night, when everyone else in the dormitory is fast asleep, Kaminari and Sero are awoken by what is possibly the most disturbing noise they’ve ever heard.

They find each other on their way to the elevator. They take a look around them to make sure they’re alone, then redouble their pace until they’re inches away from each other.

“Do you hear that?” Kaminari whispers, as loudly as he dares which, under the circumstances, isn’t very loud at all. It’s a wonder Sero even hears him.

But he nods, very slowly. His eyes dart about the hallway. “I almost don’t wanna check it out,” Sero says in a soft, hesitant voice, “but I won’t be able to sleep until I find out what’s wrong.”

Kaminari nods his own agreement. They quickly conclude that taking the noisy elevator is not a good idea and instead opt for the stairs. Step by step they creep downwards with bated breath and tense shoulders. Their teeth are clamped together.

They hear the noise again. Several things are producing the sounds. They’re low garbles, almost like moans, except not nearly human enough to be that. Definitely animals. Maybe even some kind of monster.

They peer around the corner of the hall, hardly daring to breathe.

Dozens upon dozens of eyes glare back at them, situated in pairs of two and spaced sporadically throughout the area. There’s no light in the common room. There are no shapes. Only blank, glowing eyes.

Kaminari almost screams, but Sero claps a hand to his mouth and whispers, “It’s the cats. It’s just the cats.”

Kaminari releases his breath, and Sero removes his hand. “Well, that’s good,” Kaminari says. But his relief is short-lived when he realizes, “Wait. If the eyes are the cats, then...what’s making that noise?”

Sero’s eyes widen, too. But then they hear the horrid, legion noise again, this time with several pitches and voices. And it comes from right in front of them. It’s a garbled sound between a choking dog and a hoarse pony.

It takes them a second before they realize.

“...They’re trying to imitate a dog,” Sero says, and claps his palm to his forehead with a smack!. “They’re making those noises Shouji played on his laptop earlier, remember?”

Kaminari’s eyes are still wide. He doesn’t seem any more reassured. “The noises Shouji played,” he says, pointing, “sounded nothing like this.”

The cats make the horrid groaning, garbling noise at them again, and Sero and Kaminari back out of the room, up the staircase, and into their separate beds in their separate rooms.

Neither of them sleep that night, and the next day, the cats play innocent and nobody believes them.
Chapter 36
Notes:

    I'm not super confident with this chapter, to be honest. I was going to go back through and maybe see if there was anything I wanted to change, but the power company is calling for a planned power outage so I don't know when I'd get another chance to post this so djkglfgfg, figured I'd give it to y'all now and go back and fix stuff if I wanted to :)

    Thanks for all your support, you guys! Sorry I haven't been responding to comments; I really wanna get back to that and all your support means so much to me. Thank you guys so much!! <3

    Before we get started, ART!! :D

    littlemissrainhoe

    buzzbeeuniverse

    Thank you both so much!! Enjoy the chapter! :D

Chapter Text

All Might is back the next day to lead their basic hero training class. He shows up with his usual pomp and circumstance, but Izuku can definitely tell something’s not quite right with the hero. Whether it’s his body language or his tone of voice, Izuku senses something amiss.

He says nothing.

For basic hero training today, the students are taken to Field Gamma to show off what they’d learned in their internships. Izuku only wishes he really had something to show off. He’d learned how to turn Glitch off so long as he isn’t using it to its full extent, but…

“You will go in teams of five, one at a time,” All Might says to the group, grinning. “I myself will be hiding somewhere within Field Gamma in an undesignated location. Whoever reaches me first will be declared the winner!”

... Huh. If that’s the case…

“The first five will be Ashido, Sero, Iida, Midoriya, and Ojirou,” All Might continues. “The rest of you will watch from the viewing area while it plays out. As for the students I henceforth mentioned, please take your places in the Field!”

They do.

From a widescreen TV, Eijirou and the remaining fourteen students view the contestants, one at a time, in the field. Iida is already in a runner’s stretch; Sero is swinging his arms in windmills; Ashido has her arms stretched above her head, fingers clasped; Tsuyu is crouching, waiting; and Izuku is standing there like he’s waiting in line for a rollercoaster and not about to run a race.

Usually that means he’s up to something.

“Students!” booms an electronic voice over the loudspeakers. “Please take your marks! Commence race on the sound of the buzzer!”

The cameras switch viewpoints to display each of the five’s faces. The buzzer sounds, loud and long, and they spring into action.

“I’m rooting for Iida,” Kaminari says from beside him, watching the screen. “He’s got the perfect Quirk for this, don’t you think?”

“He does,” Eijirou agrees, nodding, “but that doesn’t necessarily mean he’s going to win.”

Kaminari looks confused, but he shrugs and goes back to the screen. Uraraka steps up beside him likewise, watching. Iida is on the ground running, approaching the center. Sero is swinging between pipes and alleyways like Spider-Man. Ashido is secreting acid on her feet and sliding across narrow pipes. Ojirou flips and springs like he’s got trampolines for shoes. And Izuku stays on the rooftops, running.

“Heck yeah, almost halfway there!” comes Sero’s voice from the speakers. He isn’t too far ahead of the others quite yet. “Just a little further now—OH HOLY FRICK—!”

He stops swinging and smacks straight into a metal pole. Eijirou recoils, as do the rest of the onlooking students. Sero hits the rooftop, shaking his head and flicking back his visor. His eyes are wide. He waves a hand in front of his face.

“I can’t see!” he realizes. “I can’t see, what the heck—!”

The camera view switches again. Izuku is running, and beneath his night vision visor, his eyes are golden.

“Is that…?” Uraraka murmurs, eyes glued to the screen, and Eijirou nods.

“He’s actually using it,” Eijirou realizes, voice wavering. “What in the…?”

Izuku flips over a gap between two buildings; before his feet touch the ground, the camera view switches to Ashido. She’s running close enough to Izuku that he can be seen in the background of her screen.

She’s smiling, eyes bright with determination and fists swinging back and forth as she goes; but then she, too, stops and skids to a dead stop. She blinks out at nothing and looks down at her hands before reaching up to touch her face.

“What…?” She looks beneath her, stomps her foot. “Why can’t I…?”

She can’t feel anything. It takes Eijirou longer than it should before he realizes this.

Izuku runs on.

Ojirou is next, though the effects slow him down instead of taking him out. No doubt due to Izuku’s range limit. He isn’t using Glitch to its full extent, nor is he crying blood. Ojirou keeps going, but Izuku gets close enough to take him out fully. Blinding him, just as he did Sero, and then passing him up.

He doesn’t beat Iida, who was far out of range before Izuku had the chance to stop him, but still. The fact that Izuku came second—no, the fact that he actually used his Quirk and had such precise control over it—the fact that he turned it off in between uses—

That was—

“DUDE!” Eijirou shouts, racing towards him when he, Ashido, Iida, Ojirou, and Sero return to the viewing area. “Dude, that was insane, how did you—?”

“Glitch,” Izuku says simply, like he didn’t do what he just did.

“But you turned it off!” Uraraka bounces up to him, too, looking as baffled as Eijirou feels. “You actually turned it off!”

Izuku blinks at her. There are still leftover flecks of gold in his otherwise green eyes, and he studies her face before looking down at his hand.

“... Suppose I did,” he says.

“I can’t believe you took me out so quick,” Sero says, voice thick with awe—or maybe it’s just pain. He’s holding an ice pack against his head. “Your Quirk really is something to be feared, dude. It’s not as flashy as most people’s, but seriously, it’s insane.”

Izuku doesn’t react how Eijirou thought he would. He doesn’t tense. The look on his face doesn’t change.

“Thanks,” he says, accepting Sero’s words. “I... actually had fun. Taking you guys out.”

He realizes what he’d said the second the words are out of his mouth.

“No, wait,” he amends, turning to them, “I meant, using my Quirk, not that I wanted to, actually, y’know—”

“We know what you mean, you’re good,” Ojirou assures, shaking his head with a smile. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you blush before, though. That’s new.”

The look on Izuku’s face doesn’t change, but his cheeks go redder. He points to the door leading out of the viewing room. “I’m just. Gonna go now.”

Eijirou rolls his eyes and slings an arm around his shoulders. “Dude you’re fine, don’t even worry about it. It was pretty cool to watch.”

Izuku sighs again and shakes his head, but he doesn’t pull away and run off, which Eijirou counts as a win. The others return to watching the screen, and Eijirou and Izuku turn to do the same.

When it’s Eijirou’s turn, Izuku wishes him luck, prompts their handshake, and waves goodbye while Eijirou takes off. Eijirou is racing Bakugou, Satou, Mineta and Yaoyorozu; of these four, he knows he only really has to watch out for Bakugou and Yaoyorozu. Satou and Mineta won’t be hard to outrun with the new style he and Gran Torino worked on. He’s still trying to come up with a name for it.

Bakugou blasts ahead easily at first, with Yaoyorozu close behind on impromptu rockets. Eijirou passes up Satou and Mineta easily, One For All burning and crackling beneath his skin. In no time, he’s caught up with the leaders and is nose-to-nose with them.

“What’s up, Bakugou?” Eijirou says, trying to break the ice. “I’m keeping up with you.”

Bakugou’s silence is what really surprises him.

It’s Yaoyorozu who wins in the end, beating out Eijirou and Bakugou. Eijirou doesn’t even know if Bakugou was giving it his all.

All Might is already congratulating Yaoyorozu when Eijirou hits the rooftop. Bakugou lands a couple seconds later.

I’m getting better at using One For All, Eijirou thinks to himself, pondering, but I’ve still got a long way to go before I’m where I need to be.

“Good hussle, everyone!” All Might says once all five of them have arrived. “Now if you would, please return to the viewing area! Once the final team has gone, we will head back to the classroom for review!”

“Yessir!”

The others start off, and Eijirou takes up the rear—but he barely gets two steps before All Might’s hand lands on his shoulder.

“Could you and Midoriya please meet me in the teacher’s lounge when this is all over?” All Might asks, just loudly enough for him to hear. The tone of his voice is completely different than before. “It’s urgent.”

It takes him by surprise, but Eijirou manages to splutter out an, “Oh, sure thing,” and a nod. “I’ll be there.”

All Might gives him a thumbs-up and a prompting shove between the shoulder blades. He jogs to catch up with his classmates and doesn’t look back.

He doesn’t have to explain it to Izuku. Just when he’s about to, before returning with the others to 1-A, Izuku beats him to it.

“I already know about meeting with Toshinori,” he says, barely loud enough for Eijirou to hear. “He told me about it after my race. I don’t know what it’s about, though.”

“Yeah, me neither,” Eijirou agrees in an equally low voice. “Guess we’ll just have to wait and see, huh?”

Izuku gives a nod.

There isn’t a whole lot of overview to be done. Everyone understands their strengths and weaknesses, so it’s more All Might giving a general overview than specific suggestions and tips. He congratulated the winners, closed the class, and left.

Roughly ten minutes later, after they’ve gathered their backpacks and told their friends not to wait up for them, Eijirou and Izuku meet him in the teacher’s lounge.

He’s already there when they arrive, seated on a stool across from the couch. Barely five seconds here, and already, the tension in the room is making it hard to breathe.

Toshinori glances at them when they come in, then gestures to the couch across from him. “Thanks for meeting me on short notice, you two. Please, take a seat.”

They do. Eijirou can’t tell how Izuku feels about this, but he knows at least that he himself is on edge. Izuku maintains a calm, placant expression, and while a part of Eijirou wishes he had someone to sympathize with, Izuku’s calming demeanor is appreciated.

“So…” Eijirou decides to break the ice when the tension becomes too much to bear. “You wanted to talk to us about... what?”

Izuku doesn’t say anything. He watches Toshinori like a hawk. He isn’t being outrightly confrontational, but something about the look in his eyes is starting to put Eijirou further on edge.

The fact that Toshinori has yet to respond doesn’t help, either.

Eventually, Toshinori sighs and raises his head to meet their eyes. “Midoriya, I want to first apologize to you about—”

“I’ve already been apologized to about the kidnapping,” Izuku says flatly. “By a lot of people. If I hear it one more time I’m probably gonna blow a fuse. It’s no one’s fault that I was kidnapped and I’m fine, so there’s no use dwelling on it.”

Toshinori gapes at him for a moment before nodding. “Right. Sorry. I’m sure you’re tired of hearing that…”

Eijirou nudges Izuku’s leg with his elbow and leans in closer, speaking softly. “Might’ve come across a little harsh there, dude.”

Izuku blinks at him. “Really?”

“Yeah. Just a little.”

Izuku turns back to Toshinori. “Sorry for being short with you,” he says with about as much sincerity as he can, which is probably less than he’d hoped.

In an attempt to lighten the mood, Eijirou chimes in with a, “That’s okay, Izuku. You’re short with everyone,” while leveling his hand between his chin and the top of Izuku’s head.

Izuku glares at him, and it’s quite possibly the scariest thing Eijirou has ever seen. He tries balancing it out with a dopey smile, but he’s sure it looks more like a pained wince than an actual grin.

“Kirishima, Midoriya, there’s something else I need to discuss with you.”

Eijirou and Izuku drop their staring contest to instead focus on Toshinori. Toshinori looks down at his hands, shoulders hunched, and he looks years older than he actually is.

“... You both know how One For All works,” Toshinori begins softly. “One person passes it on to the next, who then cultivates it and passes it on when their time comes. It can only be obtained through the will of the one who holds it, and while it cannot be forcefully taken away, it can be forcefully passed on.”

Eijirou nods. So does Izuku.

“One For All started way back in the day, around the same time Quirks first showed up. The first Quirk wielders were oppressed and looked down on by society because they were different. Riots filled the streets. People feared for their lives on the daily. But then…”

Toshinori’s hands, which had been clasped together loosely, now tighten around each other, fingers interlocked.

“... A man rose up amongst them with the power to take away and forcefully give Quirks to whomever he wished. That man went by the title ‘All For One.’”

Eijirou’s breath gets caught in his throat. Izuku shows no reaction, although, when Eijirou looks closer, there’s a pen clasped in Izuku’s left hand. He hadn’t come in with one.

When neither of them say anything, Toshinori goes on; “All For One had a Quirkless younger brother, who opposed the society he created. People followed All For One not out of respect or even out of awe, but of fear. When it went too far, All For One forced a stockpiler Quirk on his younger brother. Whether out of anger or pity is anyone’s guess.”

Eijirou hears it, now. Izuku is breathing slightly harder than before.

“Toshinori-san,” Eijirou says, glancing back and forth between the two of them for a moment, “maybe—”

“I’m fine,” Izuku cuts in, understanding immediately. “I’m fine, Kiri-chan. Toshinori-san, please just—get it over with.”

Toshinori doesn’t want to. Eijirou doesn’t want him to. But he does anyway.

“As it turned out, All For One’s younger brother wasn’t nearly as Quirkless as everyone thought he was,” Toshinori says, increasing the speed of his words. “He did have a Quirk—one that let him cultivate and pass down his power to whomever he wished. That is the origin of One For All. Something that All For One intended for evil was turned into a powerful weapon that will someday put an end to his reign of terror.”

Izuku doesn’t say anything. Eijirou somehow finds his voice.

“Is that how you were injured? Fighting him?”

Toshinori takes a quick breath, then nods. “Yes. For a long while, I thought I’d killed him, actually. But the Nomus, as well as other evidence, would point towards him being alive.”

Eijirou grits his teeth and looks down at his lap. His hands are balled into fists, though he doesn’t remember voluntarily letting them.

One For All might as well be Glitch, origin-wise. The thought of it, although he doesn’t know why, makes him sick.

“There’s something else, though, isn’t there?” Izuku says, but it isn’t a question. His voice is monotone and penetrating. He knows. “Something you want to say. Something that’s been weighing on you ever since I was rescued.”

Eijirou’s head whips around to look at Toshinori, but Toshinori doesn’t look back at him. There’s a long pause following Izuku’s accusation, long enough to where Eijirou almost says to drop it, but then,

“Midoriya, you, your sister, and Shigaraki are all related to Shimura Nana. The person who carried One For All before me.”

Eijirou feels like he’d just been stabbed in the gut—and if that’s how he feels, then he has no idea what Izuku’s going through right now. He turns to look at Izuku’s face, and what he sees is nothing.

Nothing.

There’s no shock. There’s no horror. There’s no calm, but there’s no storm. Izuku’s eyes are neither wide nor squinted. His posture is neither stiff nor relaxed. There’s this look in his eyes, something people who don’t know him better would probably brush off, but Eijirou does know him better.

He knows him well enough to catch it but not well enough to decipher it.

“The police looked over the file you retrieved from the villains,” Toshinori continues, but his voice is heavier and lower than before. “When Naomasa found out the truth, he contacted me. I’d love to be able to tell you that it’s just a coincidence, but—”

“There’s no way it’s coincidence,” Izuku bites, and his voice actually cracks at the end. “He planned it from the beginning to spite you. To spite One For All.” At this, Izuku pinches his face between his hand, shielding his eyes. A dark, mirthless laugh forces its way out of his throat, and it sends a chill right down Eijirou’s spine. “It’s such a him thing to do.”

Barely, Eijirou feels something familiar begin to nag at the corners of his mind. The tiniest of rings hit his ears. By the looks of it, Toshinori notices, too.

His hand finds Izuku’s shoulder and squeezes. “Izuku, man, don’t do this. He’s a damn monster and it sucks, but, just—don’t lose it, buddy.”

“My sister died because of his damn petty spite,” Izuku snaps at him, but it’s not venom in his voice. It’s not even rage. “It’s not your fault, it’s not Toshinori-san’s fault, it’s not Shimura Nana’s fault. It’s his fault because he thinks for some damn reason that he has free reign over people’s lives, people’s Quirks, people’s memories—”

The darkness lining the edges of his sight grow darker, and while Toshinori leaps to his feet, Eijirou wraps his arms around Izuku’s shoulders and pulls him against his chest.

He doesn’t tell Izuku to calm down. That’ll only escalate things. As badly as he wants to say something, say anything, words leave him, and the only thing he can do is hold him tighter.

It’s a lot to take in but the one thing that rings true in Eijirou’s mind are the words It’s messed up.

It’s messed up. It’s so much more than just “messed up.” It’s so much more that Eijirou can’t put into words.

Toshinori kneels in front of them on the couch and reaches out, tentatively. His arm loops around Eijirou’s shoulders, but he doesn’t touch Izuku.

“... I’m sorry.” Toshinori’s voice is thick and wet. “I’m sorry Kirishima, Midoriya.”

“Shut up,” Izuku bites out, but his voice lacks the usual snark. “I just said it’s not your fault, I—I don’t w-want you to apologize—”

Toshinori hesitates again, but can’t stop himself. He wraps his other arm around Izuku’s shaking shoulders and pulls both him and Eijirou into an embrace.

Izuku doesn’t pull away. Eijirou doesn’t, either.

Time has no meaning anymore. Whether hours or minutes pass is anyone’s guess. Eijirou’s brain and emotions are completely overloaded until he doesn’t know what to think anymore. Until he can’t feel anymore.

“I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you three,” Toshinori strains, and Eijirou knows who he’s talking about. “I’m sorry I couldn’t save Kowareta. I’m sorry I couldn’t save Shigaraki. I’m sorry you went through—”

“I’ll save him.”

Toshinori stops, and he and Eijirou listen. Izuku drags a shaking, ragged breath through his teeth. When he speaks again, his voice doesn’t shake. It doesn’t waver.

“I’ll save Shigaraki or I’ll die trying.”

It isn’t a threat. Not exactly. But it’s just as scary as one, because Eijirou has no doubt that he means every word of it. It’s a promise and he’ll hold himself accountable to it. For better or worse.

When it’s finally over, Izuku drags the both of them downtown to the soda shop.

They’d needed clearance from Nedzu, who practically shooed them out the door as soon as he knew All Might (Toshinori) would be accompanying them. They were in good hands so long as he was there.

Izuku is silent for the entirety of the train ride, and it’s the kind of silence that Eijirou wants to leave and break both at once. In the end, he doesn’t say anything, and Toshinori doesn’t, either. It would seem Izuku has calmed down since earlier, but it’s impossible to tell.

The awkwardness breaks the second they step off the train. Izuku turns to them both with eyes rimmed red and expression set in stone.

“Don’t be awkward about it, please,” he says, simple and straightforward. “It sucks and it’s going to bother me forever but right now I just... want to do something to distract me. And I thought maybe you felt the same way.”

He poses it like it was just a thought, but Eijirou knows. Izuku has always been scarily good at reading people.

Toshinori breathes a heavy sigh, but nods. “Alright. I don’t know where we’re going, so lead the way, you too.”

Izuku spins on his heel and marches off, and Eijirou and Toshinori follow along in his wake.

The barista knows Eijirou and Izuku well enough to prepare their drinks without taking their orders, and Toshinori orders the same thing. He pays for it—he was very insistent of that—and as soon as they have their drinks, they find a booth. Izuku and Eijirou sit together, and Toshinori sits across from them.

For a little while, it is awkward. Eijirou doesn’t know what to say, and Toshinori is clearly in the same boat. He wants to say something, something to alleviate the tension in his heart and the racing thoughts in his head, but he can’t. He can’t even take a sip of his soda.

Except, that’s when he feels something side across his wrist. It doesn’t hurt, but it tickles. He looks down, blanches.

“C’mon, what are you doing, man.”

Izuku lifts the pen from Eijirou’s skin and points with it. “It’s a raincloud.”

A black raincloud, anyway. Eijirou didn’t even knew he had a pen that color. He shakes his head. “Izuku, what are you—”

Izuku takes his arm and stretches it across the table. Once he has both Eijirou’s and Toshinori’s attention, he takes the pen to Eijirou’s skin again.

He illustrates it with the doodle on the back of Eijirou’s hand, drawing short strokes to indicate falling rain, adding darker clouds along Eijirou’s knuckles.

“If there’s one thing I’ve learned over all these years,” Izuku says, capping the pen, “it’s that this happens.”

And then he does something different. He replaces the black pen with a red one and draws an arc over the rainclouds. After that, an orange pen replaces the red one, and he does the same thing, drawing an identical arc just slightly beneath the red one. And then he does the same thing with a yellow pen. Then with a green pen. A blue pen. Purple. Pink.

Izuku sets all eight pens off to the side and links his fingers together. His hands are trembling ever so slightly.

“... It sucks,” Izuku says quietly. “It sucks and it’s hard, but there’s... there’s another side, right? I know I—I-I know I lost myself earlier. I’m sorry—”

“It’s okay,” Eijirou says, and at the same time, Toshinori says, “It’s fine.” Izuku sighs.

“Still,” he says. “All For One is out there now, but we can stop him. I know we can. We can stop him, we can save Tenk—Shigaraki. We can save him and we can end the League of Villains once and for all. And then we’ll see the brighter side. The rainbow. That’s what I think.”

Eijirou stares at him. So does Toshinori.

“It... it probably doesn’t make any sense,” Izuku says, shaking his head, “and it’s probably a dumb metaphor, but—I just—I want to believe that there is something beyond the League of Villains. That there is something beyond All For One’s reign of terror. And I have to believe that we’ll all make it there.”

This Izuku is a farcry from the Izuku in the teacher’s lounge. Eijirou wonders if he’d spent the entire silent train ride pondering this, collecting his thoughts, resolving in his heart.

Izuku looks first at Eijirou, then at Toshinori. Determined. “I know we’ll stop All For One—no, we have to stop All For One. He made a mistake, giving his brother that power. Giving me Glitch. Because, now... ”

Something in Izuku’s eyes changes. It’s subtle, but just enough to notice. And fear.

Toshinori blanches, and bone-deep chills spiral down Eijirou’s spine. Izuku doesn’t seem to notice. The gold flecks in his eyes are the brightest they’ve ever been.

“... We’re gonna put an end to his reign of terror. Once and for all.”

Eijirou doesn’t doubt him. With a look like that in his eyes, he has no grounds to.

Izuku is probably the scariest person he’s ever met. And with him on their side, Eijirou doesn’t see how they could lose.

“Toshinori-san… can I ask you a question?”

It’s the first time anyone has spoken since Midoriya’s final declaration, and Toshinori hadn’t been expecting Midoriya to be the first to speak, either. His voice isn’t like before; instead of being determined, his voice is small, and Toshinori catches a slight waver in his tone.

“Of course,” Toshinori says once he’s over it. “Of course, Midoriya, go ahead.”

“Erm… Shimura Nana. My grandmother. I… what was she like?”

Toshinori almost chokes on his soda. Across from him, Kirishima does, and Midoriya reaches over and smacks him between the shoulderblades without flinching. Toshinori recollets himself for what feels like the hundredth time this day, and he nods.

“She was… she was a truly amazing person,” Toshinori begins, and usually he feels a kind of ache in his heart when he thinks about Nana, usually he feels some kind of hole or longing. But not now. Not this time. He almost enjoys the memories that come flooding back. “She was the first person in my life that I actually looked up to.”

Midoriya stops sipping his soda to listen. Beside him, Kirishima does the same, leaning in closer.

“She would have really liked you, Midoriya,” Toshinori says. “She would’ve really liked both of you, actually. She was a free-spirit, unafraid to stand up for the people she loved or what she believed in. She might not have been the strongest hero out there, but… she did her best and did what she could. And a lot of people looked up to her.”

“What kind of things did she like to do?” Kirishima asks. “Like, did she have any hobbies, or…?”

Even more memories come flooding back to him, and Toshinori recounts them all to his students. To his successor, and to the grandchild of his predecessor. Even though the future is still fast and coming for them and the threat of All For One is realer than it’s ever been, being able to fondly recall these memories of his mentor when he hasn’t been able to do that before is… well…

It’s nice. And Midoriya and Kirishima are eager to listen.

The purpose of going down to the soda shop hadn’t necessarily been to reassure Toshinori and Kirishima, although that was a big part of it. Rather, it’d been to reassure himself.

Hearing about Nana had helped loosen some of the tension in Izuku’s shoulders. While Toshinori recounted some of their most memorable training sessions, their fondest times together, so on and so forth, Izuku had listened and he’d felt free.

But now it’s over, and he’s back to square one. He’s back to their conversation in the office, and even though the words he’d spoken at the soda shop were real to him, that doesn’t change how he feels.

The fact that All For One was still out there had always haunted him, but now it’s closer than ever before. Shigaraki is still with him, trapped and devoid of his true memories. One For All is destined to bring All For One down. In a small way, so is Glitch. Izuku.

When he gets back to the dormitory, he’s greeted with Cat and all the dorm’s cats, too, crowding around him excitedly. They follow him up to his room, and he waits until they’re all safely inside before closing the door.

Dinner should be prepared, soon. Iida is trying to get them on a proper schedule for meals. Izuku isn’t hungry at all and decides that it’s in his better interest to call it a night early.

He unbuttons his blazer and leaves it on the back of the chair. He doesn’t bother changing out of his shirt, which is tye-dyed and already comfortable enough to sleep in, but he does swap out his nicer pants for a pair of sweats. For good measure, he pulls his galaxy hoodie over his head before climbing into bed.

The cats don’t wait for him to give the okay before they join him, but Cat does. Izuku whistles softly and pats the mattress, and Cat clammers over and bounces onto the bed, carefully treading around the cats until he can curl against Izuku’s back.

He doesn’t close his eyes, though. He stares out into space for a few moments while the cats get situated; and then, he props himself up on an elbow and pulls open the top drawer of the nightstand. Several syringes of Quirk Suppressants roll and bump against the wood with the movement.

Izuku swallows hard. He doesn’t really want to, but... if something happens and he has some kind of an episode, even if he can turn Glitch off, he doesn’t trust it to stay off.

Better safe than sorry, he decides, pulling the closest syringe out of the drawer and sitting up fully. Cat perks up and doesn’t settle down again until Izuku has administered the dosage and deposited the empty syringe back in the drawer to be disposed of later.

He settles down again, this time burrowing further into the blankets and wrapping his arms around Cat, burying his fingers it the dog’s thick coat. He isn’t sure whether or not Cat approves, but he doesn’t seem to mind it too much.

The night ticks on.

Eijirou is in the middle of a nightmare when something shakes him.

In the dream, he’s standing in front of a towering man with a shadow over his face. His features are blotted out with jerking, twitching static screens of black nothingness. There’s no light. There are no buildings. There’s the man, there’s Eijirou, and standing behind him, staring up at the sky, is Izuku.

There isn’t anything particularly startling about the imagery in said dream, but he feels thoroughly shaken by it. Like someone had walked over his grave. Like an invisible spirit passed through him and left frost on his heart.

He’s dragged out of the dream and back to reality by a hand shaking his shoulder. He’s awake immediately, sitting up and almost bonking heads with the intruder. The room is dark, but he doesn’t even have to see to know who it is; the small weights already dipping the mattress tell him all he needs to know.  

“Izuku? That you?”

“Yeah.”

Eijirou’s eyes adjust somewhat, enough to make out Izuku’s silhouette (as well as Cat’s and several literal cats). “... Are you…?”

Izuku shakes his head. “Sorry, Kiri-chan, I just—Mom’s all the way on the other side of the campus and I don’t know who else to—”

“No, man, it’s fine.” Eijirou is already scooting over, tossing back the blankets. “It’s fine, I promise. I could use the company, too.”

Izuku doesn’t hesitate after that. He accepts Eijirou’s invitation, and once they’re both laying down, Eijirou yanks the comforter over their bodies. The cats make themselves comfortable, and when he thinks about it, Eijirou pats the foot of the bed to invite Cat up, too. Cat lands on his legs and flops there to stay.

“You good?”

Izuku nods against his shoulder. “Are you?”

His nightmare flashes in his mind’s eye for a moment, but he smiles gently and nods.

“Yeah. I’m okay.”
Chapter 37
Notes:

    Hey guys, it's me! and while mentally I am feeling better physically has not been the best lately. I'm alright just going through the motions. as well as a couple emotions.

    but, anyway! I want to apologize in advance if this doesn't reach expectations. I really tried but bits and pieces of this still seem very off to me but I can't put my finger on why and I can't fix the problem if I don't know what's broken. Whatever feels off or tight here will be smoothed out in later chapters. I promise.

    Anyway, before we get started, art!

    ItsBy(M)e

    Thank you so much!! <3 and big thanks to everyone's continued support. I love you guys. Enjoy the chapter!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Days pass with a kind of serenity that puts Izuku on edge, because things are never this quiet for long when it comes to U.A. Except the school year is drawing to a close, and midterms are finally upon them.

Yesterday, Kaminari declared an official “doom” over the entire class. Ashido came home from a shopping trip with an espresso maker and like ten bags of coffee grounds. Shouto got an entire box of hot pockets and almost burned down the dormitory when he used his left side instead of the microwave because there was a line and he was impatient.

“You know those moments,” Shouto tries explaining after a full half an hour lecture by Tenya, “where you wonder, ‘what’ll happen if I do this?’ so you do it just to find out? That’s what this was like.”

Tenya isn’t satisfied with that gives Shouto the cold shoulder for the rest of the day.

As time goes on, Izuku seconds Kaminari’s declared doom day, not as a doom to his education, but as a doom to what measly hours of sleep he manages to catch. He knows that, despite his health, there’s absolutely no way he isn’t going to end up helping his idiot classmates.

Seems Class 1-A is better at handling villains than midterms.

One night, Tenya finally snaps. “Ashido, I’m confiscating your coffee maker if you continue like this!” he exclaims, waving his hands about and almost K.O.-ing Sero. “This is not good for your health, you must stop at once!”

Ashido blinks long and hard at him and pours the coffee into her mug without breaking eye contact. “Plus Ultra, Iida,” she says. “We Plus Ultra or we die.”

“That’s not how—”

Izuku sighs heavily. “If you meet me in my room later on tonight,” he says simply, “I can help anyone who needs it.

At least six heads swivel to meet his eyes, and Izuku just knows he’s in it for the long haul. He sneaks the espresso maker past Tenya when he has his back turned, and Kaminari, Ashido, Aoyama, Kirishima, Kouda, and Uraraka (probably just because they want to be there) follow him into his room.

Midterms come and go without any hassle, but that’s the least of their concerns. Once it’s behind them and they have their grades as a foundation, for better or worse, the final exams are coming fast for them.

The tone shifts, and Izuku pulls late nights every night studying with his classmates. For him, the insomniac that he is, it’s just another normal night, except it’s made better by the fact that he’s surrounded by classmates instead of being alone.

He visits Mom every day in between finishing school and heading back to the dorm. She’s always happy to see him. When he brings his circle of friends over—Shouto, Tenya, Uraraka, Kouda, Tsuyu, and Kirishima—she’s happy to have them, too. She always makes tea or hot cocoa, depending on the weather, before sending them off with well-wishes and a smile.

He spends more time with Jirou when he’s not studying himself or studying with others. She moves forward in teaching him the guitar, has him pick a song in particular that he wants to learn. It’s tricky, but once he gets his hands separated, it becomes easier.

Every now and then, Yaoyorozu will come to him, asking if it’s okay for her to add a couple more things to his room. It would seem she’s taken a unique love for painting. Izuku agrees, and every now and then, the balcony door will be open, and there will be new stars painted onto the walls.

“You’re a really good painter, Yaoyorozu,” Izuku says when he catches her, painting another star on his wall one day. “The most I can do is fling paint at stuff and sometimes doodle.”

Yaoyorozu laughs softly and shakes her head, dropping the paintbrush back into its can. “There isn’t much to it, and I’m mostly winging it,” she says, “but thank you. And  please, call me Momo. Yaoyorozu is a bit too formal for my taste.”

Izuku doesn’t know why, but for a brief second, when she smiles at him, she reminds him of Kowareta.

It’s not a bad thing.

“Thank you, Momo-chan,” he says, nodding. “And you can call me Izuku.”

Her smile grows ever so slightly, and he hopes she can see the joy in his eyes.

And so it continues. Late nights with the espresso maker (although Tenya eventually finds then and confiscates it, which is not fair), playing guitar with Jirou, sparring with Kirishima and Shouto from time to time outside.

Except, it isn’t long before the others find out about their sparring and decide they want to be a part of it, too.

So then that’s another added item to the list of things they do leading up to their final exams. They spar with each other. Izuku gives them basic tips, shows them his own techniques, teaches them how to disarm a knifed opponent (if they’re careful). None of them can disarm him, but that’s alright; someday, with practice, they’ll get it.

The only person who doesn’t join them is Bakugou, which on one hand Izuku gets, but it still bothers him. Bakugou is a jerk, sure, but he’s a confident jerk. The fact that he isn’t out here, shouting that he can best all of them without breaking a sweat, is concerning.

Izuku doesn’t like Bakugou, though, and for his own safety—and the safety of his classmates should a second meeting go anything like their first one—he keeps his distance. Bakugou hasn’t been emitting any threatening vibes; if he starts that, well, Izuku will have to intervene.

(Although, he has stopped with that “empty threat” vibe, which Izuku thinks is probably a good thing.)

Until then, though, he spars with the others, helps the less book-smart of their class with their studying (along with Momo and Tenya, who join in to help), plays guitar with Jirou, adds a dozen or so colorful stickers to the body of his guitar, and on and on it goes.

All the way until the day of their final exams.

The written exams are simple enough. Izuku is sure they all at least passed, whether or not they did well on it. That was the written part of the exam. And for the practical exam—

Well, it was just perfect, really.

All twenty students met their teachers at Field Gamma, where they were given the run-down of events. They would be taking turns, working in teams of two to fight against one of their teachers.

And of course it makes perfect sense that Izuku and Bakugou would get paired together against All Might, no less.

It’s perfect, really. With his luck he doesn’t know why he’d been expecting anything else.

He and Bakugou are the fourth team to compete for their final exams. The students who pass will be permitted to go to a summer training camp with their teachers, which is basically synonymous with, “passing the exam means the entire world to these students.” Izuku included.

He just doesn’t know how he’s supposed to work with Bakugou when Bakugou won’t even look at him.

They’re standing outside Field Gamma now, clad in their hero costumes. Izuku leaves the night vision visor back off his face for now, and he keeps his knives in their sheathes, where he can grab them whenever he needs to. His cat ears—with knives beneath discreet sheathes—sit snugly on his head.

Bakugou’s arms swing at his sides, and he keeps his head forward. Izuku doesn’t want to say anything for a long time, and he almost doesn’t—but eventually the silence gets the better of him, and he says,

“I know our first actual meeting went rough and we haven’t had a conversation since then, but let’s work together to overcome this.”

Bakugou doesn’t say anything. The buzzer blows, the massive doors swing open, and off they go.

Their objectives are simple: they either capture the “villain” (in this case, All Might), or make it to the escape gate on the other side of the arena before time runs out. The logical part of Izuku says to go to the escape gate, because he knows what All Might is capable of, but, between him and Bakugou, they have a fighting chance of taking the hero out—or at least distracting him long enough to get the handcuffs on.

And he doesn’t just think that. He knows it’s a viable possibility.

“Bakugou,” he says, having to take two steps for every one of his companion’s in order to keep up, “listen. We can get through this but you have to talk to me if we wanna have a fighting chance.”

Bakugou grits his teeth, and then, he speaks for the first time since this whole thing started. “Take him out. There’s no way we can outrun him without some kind of massive head start, and he isn’t going to give us that.”

Izuku nods his agreement. “If we distracted him, we might be able to find a safe passage through the city before he spots us again. It just depends on—”

He hears it, feels it in his feet. Bakugou doesn’t notice at first, but a second later his head whips around towards the other side of the road.

A cloud of smoke, dust and debris is approaching them rapidly, blowing out windows, tearing up guardrails and asphalt, coming closer and closer by the second.

They don’t have time to brace themselves. All they have time to do is consider their inevitable doom before the cloud swallows them whole.

Izuku’s ears ring. He yanks two knives from his sheaths and sinks them into the asphalt to keep from getting blown off his feet. Bakugou isn’t nearly as lucky, but while he does go flying backwards, he also manages to catch himself quickly. The cloud rushes over them like a tumultuous wave; there’re a few crashes, windows shattering, metal being uprooted from the sidewalks.

And then, as quickly as it’d come, it stops. Izuku straightens up, yanking his knives from the ground. Bakugou steps up beside him, teeth barred, eyes narrowed. As the smoke settles and the chaos dissipates, All Might steps towards them from the other end of the street.

“You two don’t have time for idle chit-chat,” All Might says lowly, and he’s smiling, but there’s something sinister and dark about it this time. “If you want to beat me, you’re going to have to strategize. Quickly.”

One second, All Might is in front of them. The next second, he isn’t.

Izuku swings an arm forward. Glitch burns behind his eyes.

All Might slams to a dead stop in front of them, like he’d hit an invisible wall. He reels back, fingers pressed against his temples, but here’s merely down, not out. Sweat beads and slides down Izuku’s face.

“Blinding me, are you?” All Might says, grinning. “Nice try, but you can’t stop me for long!”

He throws another punch. Neither Bakugou nor Izuku have time to prepare for it. The gust of wind blasts them backwards and into the sky, but before Izuku can think or react, Bakugou’s fingers snap around his wrist. His other hand reaches behind them and fires a blast to keep them in the air.

“Damn it, take away his hearing, too!” Bakugou barks, eyes on the cloud of smoke below them. “I can steer us away as long as he can’t hear us!”

“I’m on it,” Izuku says, having already done just that before they got blasted into the sky. Glitch still burns strong, but he isn’t using much of it. He’s still terrified of losing control. “He’s probably going to end up pushing through it, though, since he’s used to how Glitch feels and I’m not using as much as I could since I don’t want to lose control.”

Bakugou’s head whips around. “He’s WHAT!?”

“In other words, it’s only a temporary solution.”

“So what, you wanna take him out now while we still have the chance!?” Bakugou asks, sparks already crackling against his palm. “You said we don’t got much time before he pushes through it, right!?”

“We should regroup,” Izuku says, “and hide. I’ll turn off Glitch, we’ll come up with a plan, and strike when he least expects it.”

Bakugou doesn’t look happy, but he isn’t an idiot. He knows it’s the smarter thing to do. He aims his palm at the sky and blasts him and Izuku back towards the asphalt.

Moments before contact, he swings his arm below them and cushions their fall with another blast. As soon as their feet touch the ground, he releases Izuku and breathes hard. Izuku does the same.  

“Alright, Cat,” Bakugou says, glaring at him. “What’s next on the agenda?”

Izuku glances down the street for a second, then looks back at him. “You’re not gonna like it.”

“I know,” Bakugou snaps, irritated, “I already hate this damn thing. Just tell me what we’re doing.”

Izuku lingers on Bakugou’s face for a moment, before turning and pointing. “Underground. The sewers. That’s where we’ll hide.”

Once they’re safely underground and making their way peacefully through the sewer system, Bakugou and Izuku fall silent again. The sewers aren’t actually in use of course, considering it’s merely a training ground, but regardless; the atmosphere is dank and dark, and Izuku stomps hard with each step to light up the area.

“Here, Bakugou, take this.”

He pulls off a boot and wishes one of the two penlights from the cylinder within. Bakugou snatches it out of his hand, and Izuku flicks the night vision visor over his eyes before continuing. A white light shining on the brick walls tells him Bakugou is following.

“So this is your great plan?” Bakugou asks, a slight demanding tone to his voice. “What’s so special about the sewers, huh?”

“It’s a way to keep moving undetected,” Izuku answers shortly. “It’s temporary, sure, since we can’t tell where we are, but for now it’s good enough.”

Bakugou doesn’t say anything more, and they continue on with only the stomps of their feet to break the silence.

“Nice thinking back there,” Izuku compliments when he thinks about it, side-glancing at Bakugou again. “Good maneuvering.”

Bakugou rolls his eyes and clicks his tongue. “Yeah, you too. Except I never would've guessed the frickin sewers would be your go-to place. Although you're already so freaking weird that I shouldn't be surprised.”

The fact that Bakugou is talking to him at all, let alone in a non-confrontational way, is a step in the right direction. At least, Izuku hopes it is.

Bakugou lets out a long, heaving sigh. His shoulders loosen. “...Listen. Way back when. I called you Deku even though I knew you hated it.”

The memories return, and Izuku nods sharply. “Yeah. I remember.”

“Well, it was wrong. I was wrong. I shouldn’t have done that to you.”

Izuku whirls around to look at him, surprised. Bakugou doesn’t meet his eyes, and eventually, Izuku looks away, too.

“...Since you already get it, I won’t give you a hard time about it,” Izuku says. “And I’m not angry with you about it anymore, now that you’ve owned up to it. Thanks.”

Bakugou snorts. “Yeah, sure.”

Izuku doesn’t like his tone. They continue on for a while in silence, but eventually, Izuku can’t keep it up anymore.

“...Bakugou, you're really strong.”

Bakugou glares at him. “What?”

“You heard me the first time," Izuku responds dryly. "It's not just your Quirk, either. Your sense of combat, your physical skill set, your ability to act on the fly…but it’s like I told Monoma. Raw strength isn’t all that matters.”

Bakugou doesn’t say anything for a while. “...Yeah.”

Izuku looks ahead. They keep walking through the darkness, with only his penlight to guide their way. “...So, you already know.”

“Yeah. Damn it—I don’t like it, but I know it.”

“Then I won’t lecture you about it,” Izuku says. “If you’re working towards something better than where you’re at now, then there’s nothing more I can say. Although…”

At this, he stops, turns, and looks Bakugou in the eyes.

“Monoma dropped out of the hero course while he betters himself,” he says plainly. “I'm not saying you or anyone else should do the same, but we could all use some self-reflection every now and then. Sometimes what you find will surprise you. For better or worse.”

Bakugou looks down, until Izuku can’t see his eyes.

“...For now though,” Izuku says, changing the subject, “we need to think of a way to work together and beat All Might. That’s what we need to be focusing on for now. Do you have any suggestions?”

Bakugou raises his head. His glare hasn’t really changed, but then again, that’s just how he is. “If we run, he’ll catch up to us eventually,” Bakugou says, crossing his arms. “Even if you use your Quirk, he’ll push through it eventually.”

“Right, right,” Izuku says, nodding. “Which means we should face him…”

“Well you’ve had my two cents. What’s yours?”

“I do have an idea,” Izuku says, turning to him fully, “but I’ll need your permission before I do it.”

“What the hell do you need my permission for?”

“Screwing with your senses.”

Bakugou’s glare darkens. “Why?”

“It’s better if I show you and explain it afterwards. Do I have your permission or not?”

Bakugou doesn’t look happy about it, which Izuku thinks is fair, but he grinds his teeth and says, “Screw it, just do what you gotta do.”

Izuku calls Glitch to him and focuses. It doesn’t take much; amplifying people’s senses is easier than lessening them. In no time at all, Bakugou’s eyes have widened, and he steps back.

“Holy shit,” Bakugou grinds out, looking down at his hands. “What the hell, what the hell, what the hell—”

“We should be able to hear All Might better if he tries getting the drop on us,” Izuku explains. “We won’t have much time to react, but we’ll have more time than we would without it.”

It’s like Bakugou doesn’t even hear him, despite his amplified eardrums. “I can hear your heartbeat, what the hell—”

Izuku frowns. “...If it’s too much just say the word and I’ll knock it off.”

“Damn, no hold on—if I can get used to it this would really help—”

“I could turn it off for now and we can try again once we’re on the surface.”

Bakugou doesn’t look like he wants to, but he nods, and Izuku turns Glitch inward on himself. Immediately, his hearing peaks. He can hear Bakugou’s breath with startling clarity, along with his heartbeat, his weight when he shifts it—even a drop of sweat as it rolls off his fingers and splashes against the brick floor.

Bakugou releases a huge breath of relief immediately. “Damn, that’s nuts. Save it for later.”

Izuku nods. “With all that in place,” he says, “I think I have a solid plan, if you’re willing.”

To his surprise, Bakugou grins. “Hell yeah,” he says, sparks crackling on his palms, “let’s do this.”

It’s an odd feeling, Glitch, but All Might could tell just by feeling it that Midoriya has much more control over it now than he ever did. The boy had obviously been holding back substantially; no doubt in fear of losing that measly control; but still. The fact that he’d been able to stall All Might long enough for him and Bakugou to escape sure was something.

But not again. All Might is determined not to let it happen again.

He’s running down the torn road that he’d decimated, searching for the two wayward students. He’s assuming they’d done the naturally smart thing and took off towards the escape gate; it would make sense why they would, considering Midoriya’s Quirk distracting him and all.

But still, he can’t count out the option that the kids have something real crazy up their sleeves. They tend to do that.

He’s running and searching, when suddenly, he thinks he sees them up ahead. Two distant, vague shapes, running towards the escape gate.

So I was right, he thinks—and then, with a quick activation of One For All, he surges towards them ten times as fast.

He’s nearly there when Midoriya shouts something indistinguishable and spins around. He holds out a hand. His eyes turn bright gold. All Might’s sight leaves him once more, stripped away and leaving a pixel mess behind, but he pushes through it as much as he can, until he can see Midoriya’s silhouette vaguely through the static.

All Might grabs him by the arm, mentally apologizes, and slams him up against the side of a building.

Immediately, his sight clears, and Midoriya’s grimacing face is roughly a foot away from his own. His eyes are green again, with small remnants of golden flecks left behind.

All Might grins at him. “Come now, Midoriya,” he says. “Did you really think that was going to be enough to stop me?”

Midoriya grits his teeth, squeezing his eyes shut, struggling against All Might’s hand pinning him to the building.

But then, he opens his eyes. They’re bright gold.

“Where are you looking, All Might?”

All Might’s ears ring, and suddenly, everything is amplified. He can hear Midoriya’s ragged breath; hear his sleeves shift as he struggles and claws; and behind him, he hears a footstep. He hears something swish through the air.

Bakugou fires off a massive explosion at point-blank range.

Usually it wouldn’t be a problem. Usually All Might would reach out and thwart the effort by grabbing Bakugou’s face or otherwise immobilizing him.

But the explosion had gone off right by his ear, and it burns. It pierces through his skull like vicious feedback during a concert. A part of him realizes this was their plan all along, to have Midoriya distract him while Bakugou got in position, and then the hearing, and Midoriya’s amplification of his senses—

But most of him is reeling. He can’t hear, and he finds himself flinching back in an effort to retreat from the sound.

And then, it ends. The smoke clears. The ringing stops. Bakugou hits the ground and straightens up, breathing hard. Midoriya’s eyes are green again, and the pair of capture handcuffs is snapped around All Might’s wrist securely.

They’ve won.

All Might releases Midoriya, and he hits the ground gracefully and straightens up, turning to Bakugou. Bakugou stares back at him, wide-eyed.

“That was it?” Bakugou says, sounding every bit as shocked as All Might feels. “It was that simple? Really?”

“I couldn’t’ve done it without you,” Midoriya says instead of answering, but as All Might watches the exchange, as he waits for the buzzer resound throughout the arena, his mind races.

Midoriya doesn’t seem bothered by it whatsoever, but he doesn’t realize what this means. Or perhaps he does and is simply choosing to ignore it.

It hadn’t taken long at all. Midoriya didn’t need Bakugou’s help. If Midoriya looked at All Might like he was a real villain and not a faux one, the knives would’ve come out, and with distorted sight, All Might wouldn’t be able to avoid them.

All Might has always known Midoriya was powerful. The USJ in particular had been a testament of that.

But Midoriya had just successfully taken out the number one hero. Bakugou had helped, but in the end, Midoriya would have been fine on his own. He could have done it alone.

He could have taken out All Might all by himself without any bodily harm whatsoever.  

“So, what do you think?” Midoriya says, looking at him. “I thought we made a pretty good team.”

Katsuki doesn’t answer. He doesn’t know how to.

Ever since the sports festival, his mind has been in a state of disarray.

More and more, ever since the start of the school year, his weaknesses are being thrown right in his face. Exploited for him and everyone else to see. Losing to Midoriya and Uraraka way back at the beginning of the school year had been one thing, but the Sports Festival. The biggest sporting event in Japan—and, quite possibly, the world.

That was something else.

And damn it. Damn it all. For the first time in quite possibly his entire life, he’s forced to face what’s right in front of him. He’s forced to look back at his past and beg the question, “Am I really as incredible as everyone made me out to be?”

And he knows he’s strong, sure, but he’s also not stupid. Standing next to him is probably the most intimidating, powerful person he’s ever met unto this point; and that person isn’t All Might.

The buzzer rings, declaring their victory, and Midoriya stands facing the horizon. His eyes still carry hints of gold, and All Might’s cuffs rattle as he straightens up.  

Katsuki knows the truth. Midoriya could have won without him.

Midoriya didn’t need him.

With that in mind, Katsuki looks up, too, at a blue, cloudless sky. And he ponders.

“Tch,” he says in response to Midoriya’s statement, and he shakes his head. “Guess we do, huh. Damn it.”

Midoriya doesn’t look at him, but there’s light in his eyes.

Maybe this realization—maybe this time working with Midoriya— is a step towards bettering himself.

Maybe this is the first step of many that will lead Katsuki to be the greatest hero that he can be.
Notes:

    I’m sorry if Bakugou seemed out of character here. We’ll be going more in depth in his development a little later on, and if this is as rough as I think it is, hopefully the later portions will help smooth it out.

    On another note, I'm changing my update schedule from every three days to every other day. I intend to finish writing this fic as a NaNoWriMo project and have quite a few chapters stockpiled. Unless I catch up with myself, we will be keeping a consistent schedule until the end of the fic!

    Again, thank you all for your support <3 and I'm sorry if this chapter wasn't what you guys were hoping

Chapter 38
Notes:

    aaaa i dont have much to say this time around other than thanks for your support and continued patience and everything. this chapter's shorter than i want it to be, but it's a nice chill chapter before everything comes crashing down again. hope you enjoy it! <3

Chapter Text

When it’s all said and done, Izuku and Bakugou return to the viewing area to watch the rest of their classmates complete their exams.

Up next is Kirishima and Satou against Cementoss, and thanks to Kirishima’s quick thinking (and probably Izuku’s influence), Cementoss goes down and the students are declared the winners. Satou had distracted Cementoss and taken all the blows while Kirishima dropped below the training grounds and burst through the cement right beneath the “villain,” incapacitating him in seconds.

There aren’t many students who didn’t pass. Kaminari and Ashido didn’t make it (which, while unfortunate, wasn’t a surprise), and Sero was down for the count during his and Mineta’s match against Midnight, so his win didn’t count. Out of the twenty of them, only Kaminari, Ashido, and Sero don’t make the cut.

And the next day at school, they make sure everyone knows that.

“You guys,” Ashido sniffs, wiping her eyes with the backs of her hands, “I’m g-gonna miss you. H-Have fun at training camp. T-Take lots of pictures for me…”

Izuku ignores it, dangling a piece of thread over Cat’s head. Cat watches the thread earnestly, snapping at it once or twice, always missing when Izuku yanks it out of reach.

“Do you not care!?” Kaminari wails at him, looking betrayed. "We aren't going to the training camp and all you're doing is playing with Cat!"

Izuku looks him dead in the eyes. "You lost to a rat. I feel no sympathy for you."

“HE HAD A WRECKING BALL!” Ashido cries, beside herself.

Sero scratches his cheek. “I’m more concerned that you just called Principal Nedzu a rat.”

Izuku looks at him. “Am I wrong?”

Sero sighs. When Aizawa enters the classroom, the shenanigans stop, and they return to their seats like the model students they are.

"Well," Aizawa says, eyes lingering on the failed students in particular, "if you lost the exam, you know who you are. You all passed the written test—barely in some cases—but not everyone passed the practical exam. And, as such..."

"Here it comes," Ashido whispers tearfully. "No training camp for us—"

"We're all going to the training camp," says Aizawa.

There's a long pause.

"WAIT, WHAT!?" cry Ashido and Kaminari at once, and they leap to their feet. "B-But you said—!"

"I lied," Aizawa interrupts flatly. "Of course we're all going to the training camp. Those of you who failed the exam are the ones who need the most work. Come next week, we will all be taking the trip."

The classroom is alive again. Ashido, Kaminari, and Sero haven’t stopped smiling.

"Now," Aizawa says, gathering the papers on his desk into a stack, "I’ll be handing out charts of everything you need to take with you. Iida, Yaoyorozu, come help pass these out."

Tenya and Momo rise to their feet and do just that, handing out papers to each student. When Izuku gets his, he skims through the list, mentally checking off what he already has and circling what he doesn't.

He definitely needs supplies, that's for sure.

Once everyone has a sheet and Tenya and Momo have returned to their desks, Aizawa says, "Tomorrow, two other teachers and I will be accompanying you downtown to the shopping mall to get what supplies you need. If you already have everything at home, you have no obligation to go with us; however, if you are lacking anything on that list, you don’t have a choice."

"A shopping trip?" Satou murmurs to himself, eyes on his paper. "Off-campus?"

"Aizawa-sensei," Uraraka raises her hand, "what other teachers will be accompanying us?"

"Mic and Midnight," Aizawa answers curtly, but he doesn't sound happy about it. "And like I said, this is a mandatory attendance if you don't have all your supplies. We'll be meeting tomorrow morning at the train station at seven. Don't be late. Homeroom dismissed."

Come Saturday morning, everyone gets there on time. Considering it’d been Aizawa’s order, they're afraid not to.

"LOOK AT YOU ALL, BRIGHT EYED AND BUSHY TAILED!" Present Mic says. He's in civilian clothes, and if not for the fact that Izuku knows who he is, he's not sure he'd be able to recognize him. And he still can't tell whether or not Mic is being sarcastic. "Are you ready to go shopping!?"

Aizawa rolls his eyes to the sky. He, too, is in civilian clothes—probably the only nice outfit he owns. "You're too enthusiastic about this," he says, side-eyeing him. "It's barely seven. Leave the screaming to when you're alone and no one can hear you."

"Come on, Shouta, don't be a wet blanket," Midnight says, beaming. Izuku can hardly recognize her. She has her hair pinned up like Momo's, and her outfit is simple and quaint. Not the least bit flashy. "Come on, kids, let's have fun shopping today!"

Her words elicit a small whoop from the class.

The shopping center is absolutely ginormous. Izuku is overwhelmed the second they arrive, and he keeps close to Kirishima's side lest he be swept away by the crowd. He isn't scared; he's gotten a lot better with crowds over the past couple months he's been at U.A.; but still. It's overwhelming.

"Alright, girls," Midnight says, turning to the group, "you're with me! Shouta, Hizashi, you've got the boys."

"Righto!" Mic says, saluting. Aizawa has no reaction. Midnight swings an arm to beckon the girls forward, and they follow her down main street and out of sight.

"Alright." Aizawa turns to the remaining students with a very no-nonsense look about his face. "Who needs what?"

"I have a checklist!" Tenya supplies, thrusting a piece of paper into the air above his head. "I had everyone write down what they need beforehand as to avoid wasting time!"

"Perfect," Aizawa says, taking the list from Tenya when he comes forward. "We'll start from the ground up. Carry-ons. Mic, you know where to go."

"That I do!" Mic agrees with a grin that Izuku can only describe as maniac. "C'mon, listeners! Follow me!"

The students follow. Aizawa falls in step beside Izuku and murmurs, just barely loud enough for him to hear, "He has no idea where he's going, he just likes leading the way."

Izuku snorts. Figures.  

They hit shop after shop, leaving each building a couple shopping bags heavier. As it goes on, the class begins to take it less and less seriously. It's still a business trip, of course, but they've officially started having fun with it. Even Bakugou isn't as angry as he usually is.

(But of course Shouto doesn’t personally know Bakugou, so it could just be that he’s being quiet for whatever reason.)

"Alright..." After their fifth stop of the day, Aizawa turns to face the class, double-checking the list. Mic is right beside him. "We've done general supplies, so that's over with. Who needs—" He finally lifts his head to look at the students, and his eyes zero in on Izuku in particular. "Midoriya. What are you holding."

Shouto turns around, as do the rest of the students. In Izuku's arms is a small cardboard box.

"Do you even need to ask?" Izuku says simply, and the answer is no, they don't. Shouto already knows exactly what's in the box, and his theory is proved true when Kirishima reaches over and flips back the lid to reveal three meowing kittens.

"This has gone far enough!" Iida exclaims, hand swishing through the air. "Midoriya—sorry, Izuku—you can't adopt every cat you find!"

"You can't stop me," Izuku intones. "Besides, Kodua said they were crying and scared."

All eyes go to Kouda, who shakes his head ardently. They were! he insists, like that somehow makes it better.

"Don't enable him!" Iida exclaims, rounding on him. "The dorm is already overrun with cats, what makes you think it's a good idea to bring home three more!?"

"It's not my fault," Izuku says, but alas, it is indeed his fault. "They were sad and alone and they needed someone to love them, Tenya."

"Enough," Aizawa says before it can go on any longer. "Midoriya, you can keep the cats for now, but they're going to a shelter as soon as we're back. We've allowed your domestic cats to stay at Heights Alliance with you, but we can't keep adding more."

Izuku looks down sadly at the kittens, who meow back up at him like he's their entire world. Kouda says, They love you and want me to tell you they'd die for you, to which Izuku leans in closer and whispers, "Me, too."

To the people who didn't understand Sign Language but heard Izuku's words, needless to say, they spent the rest of the day concerned.

Izuku ditches the box after a little while and carries the kittens in his backpack instead, leaving an open spot in the zipper to give them air. As ridiculous as it is, Shouto thinks it's kind of endearing. He’d never seen anyone love anything the way Izuku loves cats.

They meet back up with Midnight and the girls for lunch at an American-styled restaurant. Izuku keeps sneaking french fries into his backpack, and Shouto, as well as the rest of 1-A and the teachers, pretend not to notice.

When that's all said and done, they continue on as a group to gather the last of their supplies—namely small things, like hygiene products and sunscreen.

They're on their way when a little girl rushes in out of nowhere and crashes into Izuku's leg.

She has dark black hair and shining blue eyes, and she's hugging Izuku's leg like he's the most important person in her life. Izuku jumps at first, startled, but not for long.

He Signs to her, faster than what Shouto can keep up with (and he has a larger vocabulary, too), and to his astonishment, the girl begins Signing back with matched enthusiasm.

"Hey, Yatchi!" Kirishima says, grinning—but then he, too, switches over to Sign.

The rest of the group—teachers included—have by now turned to look. Most, like Shouto, are confused; others, like Kouda, Uraraka, Tsuyu, and Iida, who have a better understanding of Sign, watch on fondly.

"Her name is Yatchi,” Kirishima explains. “We met her about a year ago. Izuku saved her during the whole slime villain incident. She's deaf, so we use Sign Language with her."

"What are they talking about?" Yaoyorozu asks, stepping forward. She waves at Yatchi, and Yatchi waves enthusiastically back at her before continuing her conversation with Izuku.

"Catching up," Kirishima translates. "Yatchi's telling him about her school. And now he's telling her about all of us."

As Kirishima translates, Izuku and Yatchi turn towards the group. Yatchi beams and waves at them with both hands, and they wave back. Not even Bakugou can help himself.

Yatchi's father (or, who Shouto assumes is Yatchi's father) arrives moments later. Yatchi hugs him around the leg like she'd done Izuku, and the man shakes Izuku's hand, says a brief greeting and farewell to Izuku and the group with him, then hoists Yatchi into his arms and continues about his way. Yatchi doesn't stop waving at them until they're long out of sight.

"That was nice," Izuku says, lowering his hands back down to his sides. "It's been a while since I last saw her..."

"She seems really sweet," Shouto says. "I wouldn't mind learning Sign so I could talk to her."

Izuku turns to him. "Really? Would you want me to teach you?"

Shouto nods. "If you wouldn't mind."

"Of course I wouldn't," Izuku says, nodding more enthusiastically. "That'd be great, I'd love to teach you."

"Alright, everyone!" Mic calls, striking a dumb pose. "Let's finish shopping and get you lot home!"

The group moves on with a spring in their steps.

They have all their necessities. They've gotten what they need for the training camp. They're heading towards the exit now, doning their bags of purchases. In Izuku's case, it’s sunscreen and a new hoodie he couldn't resist, along with the three cats he'd found. Kirishima has a bag from the athletic store. The group moves as one as they hurry on towards the exit to catch their train back to Heights Alliance.

Except, that's when Izuku notices an enormous candy store just shy of the exit. It's a towering building compared to the rest of the ones they've been in today, with alluring shop windows displaying all their most appetizing goods.

Izuku originally isn't going to say anything. But then Kirishima catches him looking and bumps him on the shoulder.

"Do you want something?" Kirishima asks. "I'll get you a thing or two."

"From where?" Hagakure asks, following Izuku's gaze.

She sees the candy shop, and that's when the chaos really unfolds. She shrieks "CANDY SHOP!!" on the top of her lungs and is running towards it before anyone can stop her.

Aizawa sighs. "Well. Guess we're going to the candy shop.”

And that's exactly what they do. The shop is big enough to hold their entire group and then some, and in no time at all, they've all gathered inside and are searching the shelves, grabbing bags, filing through their wallets to see how much they can actually afford. The girls even pick out something nice for Midnight, and Kaminari gets Present Mic a bag of sour candies. Izuku isn't sure how much he appreciates it, but he gets Aizawa a bag of marshmallow cats. The look on his face when Izuku showed him was nothing short of priceless.

And then Shouto decides to be a being of uttermost chaos and offers to buy everyone something. At first they object, not wanting to impose. But then Tenya and Momo do the exact same thing.

"I have some savings that I won't be using for now," Momo says, "plus, this is our last big class trip before the training camp! We should go out with a bang!"

"Just don't eat it all at once," Tenya says.

They spend a good hour in the candy shop. Everyone keeps changing their minds about what they want at the last second. On Kirishima's insisting, Izuku lets him buy him a bag of soda-flavored fizzy candies, which is really all he wants; but then Tenya, Momo and Shouto also get him candies, which he takes with gratitude.

They almost miss their train, but arrive back at Heights Alliance right on time. Everyone disappears to their rooms for a while to unpack; Izuku gives Cat a jellybean and shows the three kittens to his room, where they'll stay until he and Aizawa can make a run down to the shelter.

Whether or not anyone heeds Tenya's rule of not eating their candy all at once stays a mystery—except, the fact that Izuku doesn’t see half his classmates come Sunday morning is pretty self explanatory.
Chapter 39
Notes:

    hey guys! back into it we go! \o/ Thanks for all your support last chapter, means the world to me. :D

    Before we get into it, ART!!

    narcolepticpansy

    uselessqueerme

    Thank you both so much!! Enjoy the chapter everyone! :D

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“You don't mind taking care of them for me? Are you sure?”

“Positive,” Mom says with a smile, scratching Cat behind the ears. “Cat isn't much of a problem, and the dormitory cats shouldn't be too much of a hassle. I just need to double-check with Aizawa and make sure he's alright with me looking after them.”

Izuku nods, also reaching down to pet Cat on the head. For a long while, there's silence between them.

And then Mom says, “Izuku... are you sure you're going to be okay at training camp?”

“I'll be fine,” Izuku says, and he means it. “I won't be alone. Aizawa will be there, Kiri-chan will be there, and so will Uraraka, Tenya, Shouto, Tsuyu and Kouda. I'll be okay, I promise.”

Mom bites her lip, but smiles at him. “If you say so,” she says, "then I have no objections. You're going to do great, Izuku, sweetheart. Just don't push yourself too hard, and keep your Quirk suppressants nearby, okay?"

Izuku nods. "Okay. I'll look after myself, I promise."

She bends down to kiss his forehead, then pulls back to frame his face in her hands. "... I do have a question," she says, running her fingers lightly through his bangs. "Do you want to re-do the dye before you go?"

Izuku runs a hand through his hair. It's slightly longer now and almost completely black again. He doesn't feel as strongly against black as he used to be, but still. He nods, and Mom smiles.

The day of the training camp arrives, and the students of classes 1-A and 1-B stand outside Heights Alliance while they wait for the bus. A couple busses had come by earlier to grab their things for them; now all that's left is for the students to make their way towards training camp.

Everyone is enthusiastic about it. Izuku has his backpack slung over his shoulder, and he's wearing his usual tie-dye beneath his school blazer. Along with that, his arms are covered in pen scribbles, and he has a couple hearts drawn on his face that he'd done that morning. His hair is bright green again.

"Yo, dude, you re-did the dye," Kirishima says, the first of everyone to notice. "Looks great, man!"

"Thanks," Izuku says, running a hand through his hair out of habit. "What do you think about training camp? Are you excited?"

"Well... " Kirishima rubs the back of his neck. "Yeah, I'm excited. Kinda nervous, though. I mean... " He looks around, then leans in closer and lowers his voice; "U.A.'s so extra that I'm kind of scared of what this training camp actually means."

"We're gonna be fine," Izuku says shortly. "It's for training. Think of this as a way to broaden your horizons."

“My horizons are just fine, thank you very much,” Kirishima says, but Izuku can hear the smile behind his tone. “Guess you’re right, though. I am looking forward to it.”

"Me too," Izuku says, and is about to say something else when he catches Shinsou looking at him from across the group of students. "... One sec," Izuku says, and when Kirishima nods, Izuku breaks away and approaches Shinsou.

Shinsou turns to him fully when he gets closer. "Yo," Izuku says, raising a hand. "How's it going?”

“Going well,” Shinsou says, hands stuffed in his pockets. “What about you?”

“Can’t complain,” Izuku says with a shrug. “So, you’re a hero course student now, huh? What do you think of it so far?"

Shinsou shakes his head. “It’s crazier than I thought it'd be, I’ll admit, but I'm good. How're things going with you? Last I heard you were kidnapped."

"People made it out to be a bigger deal than it was, I think," Izuku says, shrugging.

Shinsou rolls his eyes. "Or maybe you're undermining it a little much. You were kidnapped, I don't think that's something to be taken lightly."

"Meh." Izuku shrugs again. "Maybe. Compared to some of the other stuff I've been through, it was more of a minor inconvenience than anything else."

Shinsou holds his gaze for a moment, then shakes his head. "Still, though. Glad everything turned out alright in the end."

"Me, too."

The bus arrives shortly thereafter, and the students of Class 1-A climb aboard. Classes 1-A and 1-B are set to arrive at different times; Class 1-A that morning to get started, and Class 1-B a little later on in the day.

Izuku finds himself a place in the very back of the bus with Shouto, who also goes for the very back of the bus probably for the same reason as Izuku. Kirishima and Kouda sit in the seats across from him, and Uraraka and Tsuyu sit in front of them. Tenya sits a little further ahead in order to regulate some of their classmates' insanity, which is a good idea. As much as Izuku loves his classmates, they can be overbearing sometimes, especially in a cramped space for a long trip.

Once everyone is seated, the bus gives a lurch and speeds off down the street, out the towering gates, off campus, and finally to the main road.

"Hey, look out the window," Kaminari says, pressing his nose against the glass. "There are these black cars surrounding us."

Everyone immediately crowds towards the windows to see; Izuku and Shouto glance out also. In front of the bus and behind the bus are two black SUVs.

"Heroes," Aizawa answers from the passenger seat, glancing over his shoulder. "They're accompanying us until we get out of the city."

"Out of the city?" Jirou asks, frowning. "Where exactly are we going?"

Aizawa turns around again and faces the road. "You'll see when we get there."

"Wellp, I'm gonna sleep," Izuku says, leaning back. "Kiri-chan, can I borrow your earbuds?"

"Oh, sure thing." Kirishima pulls his earbuds and music player from his pocket, ignores Kouda's offer to pass it, and tosses it over the seat. Izuku catches it, thanks him, and begins the tedious process of untangling the cord.

"Wanna listen with me?" Izuku asks Shouto, offering him one of the earpieces. "Kiri-chan made me a playlist with some nice songs."

Shouto looks about to decline, but at Izuku's insisting, he sighs and nods. "Alright," he says, taking the earbud and positioning it. Izuku takes the other and does the same, then finds and starts the playlist. It's mostly made of instrumental guitar songs he wants to learn with Jirou. Peaceful music, easy to relax to.

He doesn't remember falling asleep, but when he wakes up, it's to Kirishima shaking his shoulder.

"We're taking a bathroom stop," he supplies as Izuku sits up, blinking tiredly. "Aizawa said it's the last stop before we get there, so now's the time."

Shouto isn't here anymore, and neither are the rest of their classmates. Izuku assumes they left him to sleep, which he appreciates considering how exhausted he’s been.

He nods and turns off the music player before handing it back to Kirishima. Kirishima leaves it on his seat on the bus, then follows Izuku outside.

The sun beats down on them, hot and unforgiving. It's definitely summer, Izuku thinks. The heat feels amazing after the air conditioned bus.

“Hey, Midoriya!” Kaminari says, grinning and waving at him. “You looked kinda tired, so we thought we’d let you—” He pauses abruptly, his smile fading. “Uhh…”

Izuku blinks at him. “What is it?”

“You’ve, uhh…” Kaminari brushes a finger against his cheek. “Got a little somethin’... ”

Izuku narrows his eyes. “What.”

“Nevermind,” Kaminari says, shaking his head, “don’t worry about it. It’s nothing.”

Izuku gives him a look, but Kaminari doesn’t elaborate. Eventually, Izuku lets it go and turns away.

"Wow, that's a long way down," Sero says, peering over the edge of the cliff on which they've stopped. Everyone else gathers 'round to look down the cliff edge with him. "It'd suck to fall down there. Do you think you'd even survive?"

"I don't know," Tsuyu says, also looking down, "but that's a solid 'no-thank-you' from me."

Izuku takes another look around. There's no facility. No bathroom unit. If this is really a rest stop, then it isn't a very good one.

Except, that's exactly the moment he realizes it.

This... isn't a rest spot.

He doesn't have time to vocalize this before the ground gives a lurch. Tsuyu reaches out and snatches Sero's wrist just before he takes the plunge, but it makes no difference. The once solid ground beneath them turns into a wave of sand, and all twenty of them are swept off with it, right over the edge.

Don't know why I expected anything else, Izuku thinks darkly. He's already braced himself for the landing, reminding himself to tuck and roll on his shoulder, but it turns out he doesn't have to. Tsuyu's tongue winds around his waist, and she bounces off the treetops and sets him down gently on the ground.

The rest of them aren't nearly as lucky. Bakugou, Kirishima, Tenya, Uraraka, and the obvious ones like Sero are able to break their falls, but Kaminari, Ashido, Satou, and the rest of them barely make it down without breaking anything.

"Holy crap," Kaminari breathes, voice shaking as he rises to his feet. He doesn't bother brushing the dirt off his clothes. "Was that... was that supposed to happen?"

"Obviously," Tokoyami says darkly, glaring at nothing. "This is just the kind of thing U.A. would do."

And then, at the same time, he and Izuku say, "What a mad banquet of darkness."

“HEY, KITTENS!”

Izuku is the first to whirl around and look up. Peering over the edge of the cliffside, like the students had been doing moments before, are three middle-aged women. It’s hard to make out any distinguishable features from way down here.

“You have until noon to make it through the forest and to the camp!” one of the three yells down to them. “Anyone who arrives any later than that is missing out on lunch!”

“WHAT!?” at least half the class hollers back at her, but she and the other two disappear from the cliffside and don’t come back.

That would be the end of it, if not for a low sound that emits from the forest behind them. Izuku pivots sharply, as do the rest of his classmates. From the shadows below the canopy of trees march creatures of earthen creation, with rock bodies and large branches protruding from stone joints.

Izuku crouches. Kirishima fires up One For All beside him, and bright red tendrils crackle against his skin. Around them, the rest of Class 1-A readies themselves for the battle ahead.

They aren’t living, breathing creatures, which means my Quirk shouldn’t work on them, Izuku thinks, balling his fists. Guess we’ll go with something different…

He makes the first move. Right behind him are Kirishima, Tenya, Shouto, and soon after, the rest of the class follows by example.

The first of the rock creatures reels back with a roar of fury. Izuku dodges to the side when it swings a massive paw at him. Skidding against the forest floor, Izuku regains his pace and takes off. The creature’s leaps shake the ground behind him.

Up ahead of him, another creature  bounds out of the shadows, gnashing stone teeth and narrowing earthen eyes. Izuku glances over his shoulder at the creature still following him, then up ahead at the second creature rapidly getting closer.

He gets as low to the ground as he can while still running and, moments before the creature in front catches him, Izuku slides beneath its front legs and rolls out of the way.

The two earthen beasts slam into each other. In a clash of rubble, dirt and twigs, the creatures break apart with one final, garbled roar. They hit the ground in a heap, and even after the dust has cleared, they remain still.

Satisfied, Izuku gets to his feet just in time to dodge out of the way of the next creature that swings at him.

By the time they arrive at the campgrounds, the sun is setting and they’re dragging themselves along with speed and complexions that would make zombies look the pinnacle of health.

There are five people—Aizawa and four strangers—when they arrive, and now that Izuku sees them closer, he recognizes the strangers. He’d seen them on TV once. They aren’t as popular now as they used to be, but there’s really no doubt about it.

The Pussycats. A group of four pro heroes.

“You made it!” one of them says, beaming. "We were starting to think maybe you wouldn't show at all!"

Seeing them on TV is one thing, but in person is totally different. They certainly look their name—cat gloves, tails, distinct markings on their faces…

One of them (Mandalay, if he's right) looks at him peculiarly. Another of the group (Pixie-bob) follows her gaze. For a second, Izuku thinks it's because of his scars or the look in his eyes—but then she beams excitedly and races towards him.

"Another cat lover!" she gushes, like her entire life has led up to this moment. "Oh my gosh, that's so cute!! What's your name, Kitten, huh?"

It's weird, actually being called that now, but it's not the name that sets him off. "What is it?" he asks, confused. "What's cute?"

“The little cat whiskers you drew on your face!” she answers like it’s obvious, and the second she’s done speaking, Izuku whirls around to look at his classmates. Some of them are on the ground, still trying to get their breath back, but the ones who aren’t take a noticeable step backwards.

“I didn’t have anything to do with it,” Kirishima says, showing open-palmed hands. No one confesses.

“Why didn’t you say something?” Izuku demands, looking at each of them in turn.

“I thought you’d done it yourself!” Kaminari answers, looking frantic. “I was gonna bring it up but I didn’t want to hurt your feelings if you’d done it, so I didn’t say anything!”

No one offers any other explanation, and there’s nothing that would give the traitor away. So Izuku lets it go. For now.

“Is that someone’s kid?” Sero asks, pointing, and Izuku, as well as everyone else, follows his gaze. There is a kid standing off to the side, maybe four or five years old. He has a bright red hat pulled low over his forehead , and the rim shrouds his expression.

“Oh, that’s my nephew, Kouta,” Mandalay replies, turning to the boy in question. “Why don’t you say hi, Kouta?”

Kouta responds by clicking his tongue and turning away sharply. Izuku decides at once not to mess with him; something tells him it’d be incredibly stupid—

“Hi there!” Kirishima says, striding forward enthusiastically and thrusting out a hand for the boy to shake. “My name’s Kirishima, it’s nice to meet you!”

Izuku grimaces. “Kiri-chan, I’m not sure you should—” Kouta strikes. Izuku and the others flinch while Kirishima wails. “... Yeah okay you were kind of asking for that.”

“That,” Kirishima gasps over dinner, still acting like he’s in a considerable amount of pain, “was a low blow.”

“To be completely honest, though,” Uraraka says, though she’s wincing, too, “you did kind of earn it. The kid was being hostile already…”

Izuku, Kirishima, Shouto, Tenya, Tsuyu, Kouda, and Uraraka are sitting at their own table, eating the dinner prepared for them by the Pussycats. Izuku doesn’t know where Kouta is; he’d left as soon as the students headed inside for dinner.

“I mean,” Kirishima says, looking at Uraraka, “you can’t expect me to, like... read the situation. You guys know I’m no good at that.”

“Might be a good time to start getting better at it, then,” Shouto says, like he couldn’t care less. “It’s kind of an important skill to have.”

“I know,” Kirishima says, and he sighs heavily. “I just don’t know how to be more perceptive, that’s all.”

“Perceptive,” Tsuyu echoes. “That’s a nice word, Kiri-chan. Your vocabulary is improving.”

Kirishima just sighs again. “Thanks but that’s not really the problem right now.”

“If you wanna try talking to him,” Izuku says shortly, tossing his rice with his chopsticks, “then do it on his timing. Ask if he’d like to talk and then see where you get from there. Off-topic, but if anyone finds out who drew Sharpie on my face, let me know.”

It does look cute, Kouda says, but I understand why you’d be annoyed. I could ask around if you want me to.

Izuku shakes his head. “I don’t think that’s necessary. I should be—”

Mrrr-rrow?

They flinch. Izuku tenses.

“... You didn’t,” Tenya says, wide-eyed, while Izuku slings his backpack onto the table at lightning speed.

“I didn’t, I swear,” Izuku says, but he unzips his backpack as the rest of the table crowds around to see. From the crack in the backpack, Rainbow’s fluffy little head pokes out. She looks around happily, meows in Izuku’s face—and he barely has time to stuff her back out of sight before a dozen heads turn to the source of the noise.

“There’s no way,” Kirishima breathes in a low voice, shaking his head in disbelief. “Did she... sneak in? Did she really…?”

“I have no idea,” Izuku replies, reaching into the backpack and stroking Rainbow’s head. “What are you doing here, silly…?”

She said she wants to protect you, Kouda translates, looking just as shellshocked as the rest of them.

“I don’t need you to protect me,” Izuku murmurs back to Rainbow, stroking her head with one finger. “What am I supposed to do with you now, huh? If anyone finds out about this I’m gonna get in so much trouble—”

“Midoriya-kun?”

It’s not just Izuku who whirls around, but Shouto, Tenya, Tsuyu, Uraraka, Kirishima, and Kouda, too. Mandalay stands just a little ways behind them, smiling kindly.

“I overheard,” she explains, before turning on her heel and gesturing with a hand. “Come with me for a moment. It won’t be long.”

Izuku mentally prepares himself for whatever scolding he’s about to receive, zips up his backpack, and follows Mandalay. His friends salute at him as he leaves.

Mandalay leads Izuku away from the cafeteria and into a smaller back room that he hadn’t noticed at first. For a second, Izuku is sure she’s brought him here to scold him, but all he gets from her is another soft smile and a shake of her head.

“Don’t look so tense, kiddo,” she says. “We have a couple cats on campus already. Besides, it’s not your fault she came along with you. Can I see her?”

Izuku blinks, then nods and swings his backpack off his shoulder, unzipping it. Rainbow pokes her head out again, and Mandalay reaches and scoops the cat into her arms.

“Her name is Rainbow,” Izuku says, zipping up his backpack once again. “I have a lot of cats back at home, but she’s... she’s the most protective of me. I’m sorry for the trouble.”

Mandalay strokes Rainbow’s fur with a soft smile. “Well, I can’t blame her for wanting to protect you,” she says, turning towards him instead. Izuku doesn’t understand how such a genuine smile could look so sad. “Rainbow can hang out around here until camp is over. I’m sure she’ll be alright.”

Izuku releases a breath he didn’t know he was holding. “Thank you,” he says, meaning it from the bottom of his heart.

Mandalay smiles at him, still sadly. She doesn't explain why, but a second or so later, Izuku opens his mouth and efficiently changes the subject.

"Kouta... what happened to him that made him hate heroes so much?"

Mandalay turns to him sharply.

"If it's too personal I'll back off," Izuku assures her quickly. "Just say the word."

She's shaking her head before he finishes speaking. "It's not like that," she says, averting her gaze. Rainbow meows at her in concern. "It's just... "

Izuku waits patiently, and she lifts her head to meet his eyes. He knows she's watching him, studying him, thinking... eventually, she sighs and shakes her head again.

"Have you ever heard of the Water Horses?"

"I have." He knows what happened to them, too. Saw it in a magazine just once.

"They were Kouta's parents," Mandalay says thickly. "After they... died ... people praised them for their bravery and sacrifice. And, to a kid who'd just lost everything... "

Izuku drinks this in slowly, digests every word. "... Yeah... that's rough."

Mandalay doesn't look at him for another passing while. "Listen, Midoriya... I don't know your situation. But... if Kouta won't listen to me... maybe he'll listen to you. I know it's a lot to ask... and you don't have any obligation to, but—" She trails off, then shakes her head. "I'm sorry. I kind of overshared a bit, there."

"It's okay," Izuku says immediately. "And I was actually thinking about talking to Kouta before you asked. I don't know if he'll hear me, but I'm willing to try."

Mandalay stares—but then, she smiles. Her eyes shimmer.

"Thank you so much. You—you don't know how much this means to me. To all of us. Thank you."

Izuku nods back at her. It's the only way he knows how to respond.

Izuku likes the Pussycats a lot. Whether it be their cat personas or their bubbly personalities, he's already quite fond of them and he's only known them a few hours. He's fairly certain that he'd have a hard time with them for a long period of time, but he does like them.

Except he isn't very excited at their hot springs offer.

His opinion is an unpopular one. With the boys on one side and the girls on the other, separated by a towering wall, everyone soaks in the springs with looks of contentment on their faces.

Or, everyone except—

"Yo, Midoriya," Kaminari says, waving a hand at him, "you gonna come in?"

Izuku stands off to the side. He hasn't even undressed. "No thanks, I'm good."

"It feels really nice, man," Kirishima says, swishing around the water for emphasis. "Might do you some good."

"I'm fine," Izuku insists, shaking his head. "Maybe I'll put my feet in or something."

Kirishima doesn't push it, but not everyone can be Kirishima.

"Why not?" Kaminari asks. "Does it have to do with your sca—"

Kirishima reaches over and smacks him. Kaminari’s shout of pain becomes garbled when his head disappears under the water, and he comes up a second later, coughing and spluttering.

“It’s not that,” Izuku says, shaking his head. “I’ve never been super self-conscious of my scars. I just…” He looks down, shuffles his foot. “... Don’t like water.”

“That’s fair,” Shouto says, having overheard. “We won’t force you to come in if you don’t want to.”

Izuku is about to thank him—but that’s when he notices Mineta inching towards the separating wall with a towel wound around his waist. Izuku can’t see his face from here, but he doesn’t really need to.

“Mineta. What are you doing.”

If Mineta hears the venom in his voice, he gives no indication of it. “Don’t you guys realize?” he asks in a harsh whisper. He swings out an arm and points a finger at the top of the wall. “The girls’ hotsprings are right over there!”

Izuku narrows his eyes. “Don’t.”

But Mineta doesn’t listen. He yanks two sticky balls from his head and inches towards the wall.

“Mineta!” Iida snaps, furious. “Your behavior is unacceptable!”

“Seriously,” Izuku says, stepping forward. “Knock it off.”

“Plus Ultra,” Mineta shoots back.

Izuku takes another step forward. “Mineta I swear to God I will end you.”

Mineta places the first ball against the wall—and immediately, a knife flies out of nowhere and sinks in the wood inches away from his face.

Mineta isn’t smiling, now. The focus has shifted to Izuku, who approaches Mineta in long, even strides.

“Oh boy,” Sero says, sinking further into the water. “He’s definitely dead.”

“Waitwaitwaitwait!” Mineta shrieks, backing against the wall and waving his hands frantically. “I wasn’t gonna do it I swear!”

Izuku doesn’t let up. “Let’s see what Aizawa thinks about that, shall we?”

Mineta shrieks, and Izuku drags him off.

Aizawa isn’t happy, but Mineta seems almost glad to be with him rather than Izuku. Aizawa thanks Izuku for it and sends him off again, and Izuku bows, glares at Mineta one final time, then heads away.

His plan is to return to the hot springs and maybe dunk his feet in the water for a while, even if he doesn't like getting wet, but he pauses just moments before entering the onsen.

Kouta is heading away from the campsite, into the dark forest. Alone.

Izuku watches him for a time, wondering. Mandalay’s words and his own promise flash through his mind’s eye, and after a second longer of contemplation, he redirects his course and follows Kouta into the shadows. Despite how uncomfortable the darkness makes him, Izuku suppresses the urge to draw a flashlight. He doesn’t want to give himself away just yet.

Kouta’s hideout has always been his personal place of solitude. A place where he can be alone. A place where he can clear his head. No matter how much he loves Mandalay and the others, he needs to get away from them sometimes.

And this is where he goes to do it.

He sits down on the cliffside and draws his knees against his chest, wrapping his arms around them. The air is cool, but not cool enough to deter him.

“... Hey.”

Kouta jumps so hard he nearly topples off the cliffside. He whirls around to face the intruder, eyes narrowed, fists grasping handfuls of dirt at his sides.

It’s that weird kid, the one with stupid pen doodles on his forearms and black cat whiskers drawn on his face. Out of all the Class 1-A students he’d seen, this kid’s the only one who doesn’t look like he belongs in high school.

If not for his eyes, anyway.

“You followed me out here?” Kouta seethes out through gritted teeth. “What the heck do you want with me? Why?”

Midoriya watches him for another moment, then turns and looks off the cliffside, down at the lodge below. “... Is this some kind of hideout of yours?”

Kouta’s glare doesn’t change, but he doesn’t snap at him again. He turns away sharply and resumes his previous position, winding his arms around his knees again. “Yeah. My secret hideout. Not even Mandalay knows about it.”

“I’m sorry for following you,” Midoriya says, and Kouta doesn’t know what it is about his tone, but Kouta doesn’t think he’s ever heard someone be so blatantly honest. “I didn’t mean to intrude on something private.”

“Yeah, just—” Kouta grits his teeth. “Don’t tell anyone about it. And don’t bring anyone else here.”

“I won’t, I promise.”

A beat.

“Well?” Kouta snaps without looking at him. “Scram. Get off.”

“I will,” Midoriya says, “but before that... is it okay if I show you something?”

Kouta grinds his teeth harder, grabbing fistfulls of his shorts. “Why the heck would you want to show me something? What is it?”

“I’m asking you first if you want to see it,” Midoriya answers. “Either way, it’s up to you. Say no and I’ll leave, no questions asked.”

Kouta wants to tell him to leave, but a part of him is curious now, too. He gives a careless shrug, and Midoriya crosses the plateau toward him and takes a seat, legs dangling off the cliffside.

“Look.”

Kouta turns. He didn’t see Midoriya grab them, but he’s holding a small, partially shaped chunk of wood and a small, simple pocket knife.

“What’s that for?” Kouta questions, wanting the conversation to end just as soon as he finds out what Midoriya wants.

“Whittling,” Midoriya answers, sliding the blade of the knife across the wood and taking away a chip. “I’m pretty good with knife fighting, but I wanted to get coordinated with other things, too. I picked this up a little while ago for practice.”

Kouta wants to tell him to go away now that he’s shown him, but the rest of him is completely transfixed by Midoriya’s workmanship. He’d said he’d only just started, but he moves the blade with elegance as though he’d done it every day of his life.

Kouta watches, and Midoriya chops away chunks of wood until two pointy ears are obvious. He rounds the wood to make a small face, then a body. Then, smaller facial features.

Kouta doesn’t need to ask. He clicks his tongue, rolls his eyes and goes back to sulking. “Kind of childish,” he says. “Making a cat.”

Midoriya looks him in the eyes and says, “I’d assume so. We’re children. Forced to grow up too fast, maybe, but... still just kids.”

Kouta bites his lip, squeezing his knees tighter. “... Aren’t you gonna say sorry, or something?”

Midoriya frowns at him. “What for?”

“Don’t be stupid. I know Mandalay told you. Everyone always says they’re sorry once they find out what happened.”

A silence falls between them, broken only by the sound of Midoriya’s knife as it chips through the wood.

“No. I’m not going to apologize. ‘I’m sorry for your loss’, ‘it gets easier,’... that kind of stuff never helps. When messed up crap like that happens, you don’t want an apology. You want it to end.” Woodchips drift off the cliffside. “But it doesn’t. And it sucks.”

Kouta swallows back the lump in his throat.

“You don’t need someone lecturing you,” Midoriya says calmly and evenly, but with a firmness that suggests he knows exactly what he’s talking about, “so I figured I’d try meeting you somewhere in the middle.”

“In the middle,” Kouta echoes, only half mockingly.

“Your thoughts and feelings are valid, Kouta,” Midoriya says, as though he hadn’t heard him. “Everything you’ve ever felt, all the anger, all the pain... you have every right to feel that way. I’m not here to tell you that you’re wrong. But like you, I have my own convictions. I want to be a hero so I can keep stuff like what happened to your parents, what happened to my sister, what happens to so many people on a daily bases, from happening even more.”

Kouta turns to look at him as though he’s seeing him for the first time. “You... lost your sister?”

“I did. I was nine, she was eleven. It happened a long time ago, but... still.”

Kouta swallows thickly, squeezing his legs tighter. “... That sucks.”

“Yeah. It does. But we’re both just hanging in there, you and me. It’s hard as hell, but we’re gonna make it.”

Kouta doesn’t know why, but these words, despite their simplicity, hit him harder than anyone else’s. They find their way past all his walls and straight into his heart, where he knows they’ll stay.

Midoriya lifts his half-carved cat and blows off some of the wood shavings. “... I don’t know how Mandalay would feel about me giving you a knife,” Midoriya says, turning back to him, “but if you want to try, I can teach you.”

“Really?” Kouta asks, leaning towards him a bit. “You would?”

Midoriya nods. “I can show you, at least,” he says, “and if Mandalay is alright with it, you could practice under my supervision.”

“That’d be…” He looks at the cat again, and as childish as it is… “... That’d be great, actually. I’d... I’d like that.”

Midoriya gives a nod, and Kouta watches on earnestly while he finishes the cat. Once it’s done, they decide to leave it at Kouta’s hideout as something of a guardian to watch over it while they’re gone.

When Izuku gets back to site, Tenya is waiting outside for him to show him to their sleeping quarters—a giant room, divided in two with a wall running down the middle to separate them. Everyone is laying out their sleeping bags when Izuku gets there; the girls are, presumably, on the other side of the wall doing the same.

Izuku lays out his blankets right beside Kirishima’s, and Kirishima smiles at him, which Izuku takes as an okay. Shouto brings over his sleeping bag and sets himself up beside Izuku silently, like it was just coincidence.  

The only missing person aside from the girls is Mineta, which doesn’t surprise Izuku (or disappoint him) one bit.

“I think I’m all set up here,” Kirishima says, sitting back. “Anyone need any help?”

“Dagnabbit, I think I forgot an extra blanket,” Kaminari says, digging through his bag a moment longer before sighing and rubbing the back of his neck. “Anyone have one I could borrow?”

“I have a couple,” Izuku says, pulling said blankets from his suitcase, “but if you don’t give them back to me when you’re done with them, I’ll find you.”

He tosses two blankets to Kaminari, who catches them with a smile and a thank-you tumbling from his lips.

It doesn’t take long for everyone to finish settling in. The girls invade their side for a bit, bouncing stories back and forth. Tsuyu made a sock puppet out of one of Ashido’s socks, and with goofy lines coupled with the puppet and her stoic voice and expression, she sends everyone cackling in no time at all. She hands the sock puppet off to Izuku next, and everyone laughs harder.

It’s stupid, that’s what, but it’s like Izuku told Kouta. It’s like Aizawa told Endeavor. Even though they’re strong, even though they’re tough, they’re kids first and heroes second. This is only further proof of that.

“OKAY WHO IN THE HELL DREW WHISKERS ON MY FACE!?”

Eijirou wakes up the next morning to Bakugou’s shrieking. Izuku, curled snugly against his side, also rouses and sits up. Bakugou is staring at the front camera of his phone while Sero and Kaminari roll and holler on the floor around him. On each of Bakugou’s cheeks are three straight, black lines. Whiskers.

“WHICH OF YOU DID IT!?” Bakugou demands, looking at each person in turn. “I’LL KILL YOU!!”

“Revenge,” Izuku says darkly, and all eyes go to him immediately. “I know you’re the one who drew on my face. This is payback.”

“YOU LIKE DRAWING ON YOURSELF!” Bakugou thunders, looking just about ready to spontaneously combust. “WHAT THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO DO ABOUT THIS!?”

“Good question,” Izuku says, nodding. “It’s permanent marker, too, so good luck.”

“YOU FRICKIN CAT, HOW DARE YOU!?”

“Meow.”

“I SWEAR ONE OF THESE DAYS—!”

Eijirou can’t help but crack a smile. Even though Bakugou is screaming at them, he’s a lot more bark than he is actually bite. Especially as of recently. They’ll be fine.
Notes:

    The next chapter might take a couple extra days, simply because I want to make sure I've done everything I want to do with it and that it's exactly how I want it. Thanks for reading! :D

Chapter 40
Notes:

    Aaaa, made it on time! :D thanks for all your support everyone!!! <3 I hope you like the chapter! Before we get into it, art!!

    lilac

    renkades

    Thank you both so much!! <3 Enjoy the chapter!

Chapter Text

Izuku officially hates training camp. A broad statement? Perhaps, but to that he says, “sue me”; training camp sucks.

Class 1-B is here now training alongside them, but Izuku barely gets two words into Shinsou in between training shifts. Even their breaks are spent just trying to catch their breath. Izuku is surprised they haven’t all dropped from dehydration or something.

Training camp is all about honing their Quirks according to Aizawa—which, for Izuku, means Glitch. Controlling the output. Lengthening the output. When he uses it to its full power and really pushes it, his range is out of this world; however, using Glitch normally, the range is lackluster and its strength is debatable. Someone who’s used to it would be able to get through it.

So.

Aizawa and the Pussycats help him with his range when they aren’t focused on other students. All he does is use what power he can while maintaining full control and see how far he can go with it. He knows the second he hits his limit; and that’s when the Pussycats and Aizawa leave him to his devices and come back later to check his progress.

It’s slow, tedious, and mentally, emotionally, and physically exhausting. Izuku keeps having to tell the voices of Imprint in his head to kindly screw off while he does this, but it still isn’t that easy. For a solid five hours with minimal breathing room, Izuku and his classmates push themselves to the brinks of their abilities, and then some. By the time four hours have passed, Izuku thinks they may be taking this whole “going beyond” thing a little too far.

They call a break around high noon, and the students collapse against trees, walls, and each other while they scramble for their water bottles. They were promised an hour break this time; plenty of time to rest themselves and get prepared for the next round of activities.

Izuku finds himself collapsing alongside Shouto against the facility wall. Izuku downs half of his water bottle in one go and leans back against the wall, chest heaving. Beside him, Shouto, too, gasps and pants for breath.

“... Fun,” Shouto breathes, glancing at him.

It takes Izuku a while to muster up an answer. “Yeah. Fun summer vacation. I could be home with my cats asleep right now, but noooo.”

Shouto huffs and shakes his head. “You holding up okay?”

“Oh I’m just fantastic,” Izuku says dryly; but then, more serious, “How about you? How’s, y’know, using your left side and stuff?”

“It’s fine, actually,” Shouto answers, looking down at his left hand. “It’s... kind of startling, really, how fine it is. Even though we’re being pushed to the brink, I don’t dislike using my left side.”

“Yeah…” Izuku nods, and his mind drifts back to Glitch and how far he’s come in using it. “I don’t really have a problem using my Quirk, either.”

“That’s good,” Shouto says, nodding and turning away. A second later, he goes on, “Izuku, I don’t think you ever told me. Why did you hate your Quirk?”

It’s weird to hear the word “did” in place of “do,” but Izuku doesn’t correct him. Besides, Izuku is more focused on a slightly more startling realization.

“... Oh. I didn’t... tell you.”

He’d told everyone else the basic gist of it back when they visited Kowareta’s grave, but Shouto hadn’t been a part of that, and aside from the words they’d shared during the festival, Shouto doesn’t know.

“You don’t have to if it’s personal,” Shouto says with a shrug. “Not everyone is okay with sharing their past. It’s fine.”

“No, I don’t mind,” Izuku assures him, “I just... didn’t think about it. Do you want to hear?”

“Only if you want to share.”

As they get their breath back, stretch their aching muscles and finish up their bottled waters, Izuku tells Shouto the story as simply as he can. He tells Shouto about Kowareta, about “Tenko,” about his Quirk. He leaves out a lot of details, things he deems too much or unimportant, but everything else is there, and Shouto takes it all in.

“... And I thought I had problems with my Quirk,” Shouto says, when it’s all said and done. “I... don’t know what to say.”

“You don’t have to say anything,” Izuku says, shaking his head. “I’m here now and I’m doing better. Besides…”

He stretches out his hand. His friendship bracelet is snapped on to his wrist, like it always is. So is Shouto’s.

“I have all of you guys now,” Izuku says, lowering his hand again, “and you guys have helped me get through a lot. So, thanks.”

Shouto nods, looking like he wants to say something else. He never does, though. Not until the very last second, as Aizawa calls them all back to continue on with the next step in their training.

“If you need someone to talk to who kind of gets it,” Shouto says, turning to him, “then you can hit me up anytime. It’s not... really like your situation, but—”

“Shouto, can I be real with you for a second?”

Shouto blinks, but nods.

“I have this ‘threat’ sense,” Izuku explains. “It’s kind of confusing, even to me, but if there’s someone around who endangers someone else’s life—whether it’s their own life or another person’s—my mind labels them as a ‘threat.’”

“Alright,” Shouto says, nodding, “so, what does that—”

“Your father comes up as a threat, Shouto.”

Shouto freezes. Izuku takes in a breath through his nose.

“... I don’t know what we can do about it, if anything,” Izuku says quietly, “but... for you, for your siblings, for your mom... maybe there is something. Maybe someday we can make things right.”

“Izuku, I—”

“We’re starting again!” Aizawa hollers for the second time. “Anyone who isn’t here will have an extra remedial class at the end of the day!”

Izuku turns and, after a moment’s hesitation, knocks Shouto on the shoulder with a fist. “C’mon,” he says, pivoting, “let’s go.”

He jogs, and Shouto tags closely behind him.

No more Quirk training. They move straight to hand to hand combat.

Thanks to Izuku helping Class 1-A leading up the final exams, they have an easy advantage over their opponents of Class 1-B. Some Class 1-B students are stronger than others, but as a majority, Class 1-A gets the drop on them. They take turns sparring with different partners each time; after the second or third one, Izuku gets paired with Shinsou.

Despite Izuku’s offer, they’d never had the chance to spar properly before now. Izuku has no idea whether or not Shinsou has improved since the sports festival.

Shinsou goes at him, and while his strikes are strong and true and he definitely knows what he’s doing, Izuku’s experience is without rival. He catches Shinsou by the arm when he loses balance, then twists Shinsou’s arm behind his back, knocks his knees out from under him, and efficiently decks him.

Their second match, Shinsou lasts slightly longer, and then with the third one, longer even so. He’s improving as they go on, and while he’s nowhere close to where he needs to be before he can beat Izuku, he’s definitely moving forward and learning from each mistake.

The Pussycats had been kind enough before to prepare dinner for the students, but not today. In Izuku’s opinion, they were taking this hell camp a little too far, but what the heck. It would seem curry is in for the popular vote—even more so when Izuku’s circle of friends begins spreading the word.

“Izuku makes the best curry,” Uraraka brags to anyone who will listen. “It is so good I swear, I don’t know how he does it.”

“Hey,” Sero says, swinging around to face him, “if we take care of prep, can you actually make it?”

Izuku shrugs. “Sure thing. Just get everything ready.”

Everyone is so hyped by all the rumors of Izuku’s curry that it doesn’t take long at all before they’re knee-deep in their work. Bakugou chops veggies like it’s nobody’s business, and he does it all while looking Izuku dead in the eyes. Izuku responds by stroking his own cheek, effectively reminding Bakugou of the drawn-on whiskers. Izuku doesn’t know why or how, but it’s like he and Bakugou have become something akin to rivals. It isn’t necessarily a bad thing, either.

True to his word, as soon as all the prep is done, Izuku takes care of actually cooking the curry to perfection while his classmates crowd around him impatiently. Despite all his issues, Izuku actually finds himself hungry, which usually means that he’s really, really hungry.

As soon as the curry is done, everyone digs right in like it’s the first food they’ve had in weeks.

“IT’S SO GOOD!!” Ashido squeals, looking close to tears. “Or maybe it’s just so good because I’m so hungry but Midori-chan it’s amazing!”

“Thanks,” Izuku says, stirring his curry before taking a bite.

“No, seriously,” Satou says, staring wide-eyed at his bowl, “everyone in my family cooks and this is the best curry I’ve ever had. You have to teach me how to make this one of these days, my family would flip.”

“I didn’t even know you could cook,” Shouto says.

“He’s a wizard ninja of many talents,” Hagakure says darkly, but she says it as though it should make all the sense in the world.

“Thanks, guys,” Izuku says. “I’m glad you like it.”

They respond with a couple more thank-yous, followed by some more gushing over how wonderful it is, and after that, they finish their meal in silence.

“We’ll be doing a test of courage!” Ragdoll announces, spinning on her heel with arms spread wide. Her face is split by a devious smile that would make the Cheshire cat look like a harmless kitten. “In this test, you will prove yourselves against your opposing class!”

Across from Class 1-A by the entrance of the forest stands Class 1-B.

“Class 1-A’s job will be to make it through the forest without letting the enemy get the drop on them,” Mandalay explains, gesturing towards the dark forest that lies ahead. “Class 1-B is the enemy. Your job is to successfully scare and take down any Class 1-A student that crosses your path.”

Everyone is excited about it—except, not everyone is able to participate. Aizawa drags off Ashido, Sero, and Kaminari—the three who’d failed the final exams—while they shriek at him to let them off the hook, just this once. He doesn’t, and they disappear.

Kirishima watches them go with a wince, and when he turns to meet Izuku’s eyes, Izuku gives a careless shrug and shakes his head. They’d failed; it’s not his fault.

“Alright, now we’re ready to begin,” Mandalay says, facing the group and clapping her gloved hands together. “We’ll be pairing you up in teams of two for this one. Let’s go…” She taps her chin with one finger. “Well, first off, Bakugou and Midoriya are together.”

“HEY WHAT THE HELL!?” Bakugou roars.

“Okay,” says Izuku.

“DON’T BE OKAY WITH THIS! IT’S BECAUSE OF THE MATCHING CAT WHISKERS ISN’T IT!?”

“Okay, next up, Iida and Kirishima.”

“OY—!”

Izuku side-eyes Bakugou, and while he doesn’t look any less angry, he does stop shouting at the top of his lungs, which is really all Izuku wanted. Once the groups are divided evenly, Class 1-B heads into the forest to hide while Class 1-A gives them a head start.

“I can’t believe we got paired together just because of the frickin cat whiskers,” Bakugou grumbles as they stride down the path through the forest. “Do they think we’re friends or something?”

“Hope not,” Izuku responds cooly, “but there’s not a lot we can do about it either way. Let’s just try not to get scared.”

As though on cue, someone leaps out in front of Bakugou and Izuku, waving their hands about with a loud, indistinguishable exclamation. Izuku blinks twice. Bakugou doesn’t flinch.

“Hi,” Izuku says.

The student tumbles back into the bushes and out of sight. Izuku turns to Bakugou, who rolls his eyes to the sky.

“Loser. Gonna take more than that to put us on edge.”

“Probably,” Izuku says, and they head further into the forest. There isn’t much light to go by; only that given by the full moon overhead, peeking through the gaps in the canopy of leaves. Izuku doesn’t hate the dark nearly as much now as he used to (plus the light-up shoes are a bonus), but he still dislikes it.

“Well, let’s go,” Bakugou says, moving forward. “The sooner we get this over with the better.”

Izuku nods and jogs to flank him—but that’s precisely the moment something catches the corner of his eye. It’s a blur of movement, barely anything, but—

“Oy, Cat,” Bakugou snaps, turning to him, “what’s the hold up?”

THREAT

“Hey, what’s—”

Izuku swings out his arm and calls Glitch to his command. The silhouetted figure lets out a shriek, trips over something, and hits the ground in a heap.

Bakugou flinches and whirls around. “What in the hell—”

Izuku is already running, and Bakugou joins him to investigate.

The figure on the ground hears them and tries getting to his feet, but he trips over a jutting treeroot and faceplants the forest floor once again. Bakugou reaches him first and slams his heel into the man’s back in between his shoulder blades, and he cries out sharply.

“Okay.” Bakugou meets his eyes. “What the hell just happened.”

“He’s a villain,” Izuku replies sharply. “He’s here to hurt us.”

“What the hell,” Bakugou echoes, but this time his eyes are on the villain pinned beneath him. “No one’s supposed to know about the training camp, how—”

“It doesn’t matter,” Izuku cuts in. “What does matter is that if there’s one villain here…”

Bakugou’s eyes widen. “... Probably means there’s more of ‘em. Shit.”

“You kids are gonna pay for this!” the villain beneath Bakugou howls. “You’re gonna pay, mark my words— dammit, what happened to my eyes!?”

“The same thing that’s going to happen to the rest of your senses if you don’t tell us exactly why you’re here,” Izuku snaps. “Why are you here, how many of you are here, and what do you want?”

“Like I’d tell you!” the villain barks, squirming beneath Bakugou. “You’ll never make me talk, fools—!”

Izuku slams his heel into the villain’s skull, not too hard, but hard enough. The villain goes limp beneath Bakugou’s foot and doesn’t speak again.

“Tch.” Bakugou steps off him, glaring down at the unconscious villain. “Thought you were gonna get information out of him or somethin’.”

“I wouldn’t be able to get anything out of him, anyway,” Izuku replies sharply. “Besides, we’d never know whether or not he was lying. He’s better to us unconscious.”

“This is bad, though,” Bakugou says, raising his head. “Hey, can you do that—the thing with your hearing? Where you can hear everything?”

“I can try,” Izuku says, and he turns Glitch on himself, limiting the control to just his ears. At first, he doesn’t hear much, but when he pours more of Glitch into it, the noises begin to come through. He hears a scuffle, sounds of a fight, voices he doesn’t recognize. Threats. And then, further off, walking with Ragdoll and blissfully unaware—

“Mandalay.” Izuku raises a finger and points. “That way. Mandalay is that way. You need to go to her and tell her what’s happening.”

“I can do that,” Bakugou says, nodding firmly. “What are you gonna do?”

“I have a bad feeling,” Izuku answers. “That kid, Kouta. He has this hideout place that no one else knows about.”  

“Kouta. You mean that kid who punched Kirishima in the crotch?”

“Yep.”

“Alright,” Bakugou says, pivoting. “I’ll tell Mandalay. You’d better not freaking die.”

“You, neither. Good luck.”

“Yeah, same to you.”

They sprint in opposite directions, leaving the unconscious villain and each other behind.  Izuku doesn’t think he’s ever run this fast before in his life.

Kouta holds the whittled cat between his hands, sitting on the edge of the cliffside like he’s done alone so many times before. He doesn’t know why, but he doesn’t feel nearly as lonely as he used to when he came up here alone, even if his intention was to be by himself in the first place. There’s something sentimental about the wooden cat he holds—something very precious.

He’s just about to stand up and return to the site when Mandalay’s telepathic voice fills his head. It’s not the first time it’s happened; she’s often hailed him this way, asking him to come home from wherever his hideout is.

But this time, her voice is filled with an urgency that Kouta had never heard before.

“Everyone, we are under attack,” she says frantically. “Please, stay together and make your way back to the campsite. I repeat, stay together and, if possible, make your way back to the campsite. Do not engage. I repeat, do not engage. Protect yourselves and stay hidden.”

Kouta’s eyes widen. “Under attack…?”

“Hey, kiddo. Whatcha doin’ up here all by yourself?”

Sparks crackle against Eijirou’s skin as he, Kouda, and Shinsou stand facing a villain. Shinsou is still covered in leaves from when he’d hidden himself in a bush, and there are several birds waiting in the nearby trees for Kouda’s command.

“Ahhh, how spectacular,” the villain says, raising his hands. He has goggles over his eyes, and a sly grin splits his face. “To think I’d run into the winner of the sports festival. Let’s see if you can live up to your name, Kirishima Eijirou.”

Eijirou narrows his eyes. “Let’s see if you can live up to all that damn confidence. Shinsou, Kouda.”

They nod.

A knife flies right by Ochako’s head. Tsuyu barely manages to pull her out of the way in time. From the direction the weapon had come, they hear a giggle, and a young girl no older than themselves prances from the shadows with a chipper smile on her face and two drawn knives.

“Oh, hello, girls!” the villain sings, beaming at them. “This is wonderful! I was hoping I’d be the one to fight you... this must be fate, or destiny…!”

Ochako puts her hand behind her back, just barely in Tsuyu’s line of sight. Ready? she spells out, slowly and clearly.

Tsuyu nods, small enough for the villain to miss but enough for Ochako to notice.

It isn’t just them. Several other students face several other villains, some stronger than others. Mandalay, Ragdoll, and Bakugou stand before two villains; Shouto and Yaoyorozu, before a single but much stronger one. The rest of the students, save just a few, fare the same.

Mandalay’s voice still rings through their heads like a broken record. Under attack. Make your way to the campsite. Stay together. Do not engage. Do not engage. Do not engage.

If only they had that choice.

On a cliffside overlooking it all stand Shigaraki, Dabi and Kurogiri.  There’s silence between them for a time, broken only by the faint, distant scream and occasionally, an explosion of sorts as battles rage below.

“The ball is rolling,” Kurogiri states, standing behind them. “We’re ready for the next step.”

Shigaraki contemplates for a moment, then nods.

One favor. Sensei had asked for a single favor. And while Shigaraki may not like or understand it, he doesn’t argue with it.

“I have no doubt that Dāku is going to take out the vanguard,” Shigaraki says calmly. “When that happens, Kurogiri, Dabi, it’ll be left to you. His range is impressive, but if the USJ is anything to go by, he shouldn’t be able to reach us from here.”

Dabi doesn’t give any reaction to show that he’s heard. Kurogiri nods his understanding. “Of course,” Kurogiri says, taking a small bow. “I will not let you down, Shigaraki Tomura.”

Shigaraki nods and sets his eyes on the forest once more. The pawns are set. The ball is rolling. Now all they have to do is wait and see what happens.

Kouta scrambles to his feet and leaps backwards, eyes wide, hands shaking around the carved cat. The villain standing before him has a burly figure, even beneath the cloak he dones, and all Kouta can see of his face is his white, white teeth drawn in a sly grin.

“What’s with that face, kid?” the villain asks him, smile widening until it almost splits his entire face in half. “I’m not really all that scary, now, am I?”

Kouta doesn’t answer. His throat is tight and his voice won’t work. When he tries to step back, his legs won’t work, either.

“That’s a neat hat you’ve got there, kiddo,” the villain says, stepping towards him and reaching for his hood. “C’mon. Why don’t you let me get a closer look?”

He raises his hood off his head, and Kouta’s stomach leaps into his throat. The villain has one real eye and one faux one; one wide with insanity and the other nothing more than a blinking red contraption.

Kouta doesn’t know why or how he does it, but he clutches the wooden cat closer, pulls back his arm as far as it’ll go, and hurls the cat at the villain’s face with all his might. Miraculously, he hits his target, and the villain reels back, clutching his one good eye while the cat figure hits the ground with a dull thump.

Kouta has a total of two seconds to revel in this victory before the villain straightens up again. He’s still grinning, but there’s something especially terrifying about it now. Even more than before.

“You shouldn’t’ve done that, kid,” he says, throwing off his cloak. He’s even burlier than Kouta thought he was. “We could’ve been friends, you and me... but you had to go and be a damn brat about it, I see…”

Kouta doesn’t know how, but he finds his voice. “S-Stay away!” he shrieks, still frozen in place. “S-Stay back, d-don’t—!”

“Begging is pointless, kid,” the villain interrupts, and his smile grows. “Hope you don’t mind me toying around with you a bit before I put you in the ground!”

He moves, much faster than Kouta thought was possible coming from a man of that size. Kouta screams and flinches back, hands coming up to shield his face, though he knows it’s pointless. One hit. One hit and the villain will kill him. One hit is all it’ll take.

“Put your arms down, brat!” the villain taunts, and Kouta can hear his grin in his voice. “I want you to look me in the eyes! I want to see the terror on your face when I tear you to pieces!”

“Stay away!” Kouta snaps one last time, but he does lower his hands, and he does meet the villain’s eyes. Crazed, murderous, bloodthirsty. Like some kind of psychopath out of a horror film.

Kouta’s lungs stop working, and so does every other bodily function. He can’t move, he can’t breathe, he can’t even flinch.

I’m going to die.

And then, the villain stops.

His smile drops from his face. His raised fist swings back down to his side, fingers uncurling. His eyes, which had before been wide and crazed, now hold nothing at all. It’s as though he’s been turned into a brain-dead zombie.

“I made it in time,” Kouta hears, and he finally averts his gaze. Midoriya stands just behind the villain, hand outstretched with glowing, golden tendrils winding around every visible inch of his skin like long ribbons. His eyes are like molten pots of gold.

“Are you okay?” he asks, voice strained, and Kouta glances at the villain, unmoving and still, then nods. Midoriya’s chest heaves with each breath, and his outstretched hand trembles.

“Come on,” Midoriya huffs, jerking his head in the opposite direction and holding his hand down for Kouta to grab. “Come on, we have to go.”

Kouta doesn’t look back. He bolts, and as soon as Midoriya’s hand wraps around his own, they find a brisk pace and hold it, sprinting down the mountainside until they hit the ground, then winding between trees and branches.

“A-Are…” Kouta’s voice cracks. “Are you okay?”

“I’m fine,” Midoriya chokes, but his voice is wet. Kouta doesn’t know what that means, but it fills his gut with lead. “I’m fine, don’t worry. You were—” Midoriya stops long enough to drag in a long, heaving breath. “Y-You were brave. Thanks for holding on until I got there.”

“T-Thank you for getting there,” Kouta murmurs back, eyes burning. He doesn’t know what Midoriya is doing or why he seems to be in pain, but he’s scared. Even more scared than he’d been facing that villain. “M-Midoriya—”

“Midoriya!”

Midoriya and Kouta skid to a halt. Across the forest, running towards them, is Aizawa.

Immediately, Kouta can breathe freely again. Aizawa is here. He’ll know what to do. He’ll be able to help Midoriya with whatever is going on.

Aizawa stops just a little ways in front of them, brows furrowed. “Are you two alright?” he asks, looking over Midoriya first, then Kouta, then back to Midoriya. “... You’re using your Quirk.”

Midoriya’s hand squeezes Kouta’s. The golden tendrils haven’t faded, and his eyes are still a hard, molten gold. “I have to.”

They’re talking about it in present tense, and it’s only now that Kouta realizes. “W-Wait, you’re—you’re still using your Quirk on that guy?”

Midoriya nods, the movement jerky. “I-If I let it go, he’ll be free,” Midoriya gets out. When Aizawa opens his mouth, Midoriya goes on and says, “Aizawa-sensei. It’s Muscular.”

Kouta doesn’t know what that means, but Aizawa certainly does. His eyes widen, and whatever argument he’d been about to bring up falls from his lips.

“... L-Listen,” Midoriya goes on in a low, strangled tone. “The villains are only in this forest, right?”

“As far as we know,” Aizawa affirms, nodding.

“Then make sure Kouta is safe,” Midoriya says, “and I’ll take out every villain in this forest.”

Kouta’s head whips around to stare at him. “Are you crazy?” he questions, angry because he’s afraid. “You can’t take out all the villains on your own, that’s—!”

“I can,” Midoriya cuts in, and he says it with such confidence and authority that Kouta’s argument dies in his throat. “If I can get near the center of the forest like I did at the USJ, I’ll be able to take out every threat in this place.”

Kouta looks to Aizawa for backup, and Aizawa looks Midoriya in the eyes. “You remember what happened the last time you did that,” he says lowly. “You aren’t doing it again.”

“I have more control over Glitch now than before,” Midoriya shoots back. “It won’t kill me. I’ll be down for the count, but so will the villains. It’s a sacrifice I’m willing to make if it means I can protect everyone else.”

As much as Kouta wants to fight back, as much as he wants Aizawa to fight back, he knows Midoriya has a point. He can take out all the villains. He can protect them all. He can make sure it doesn’t escalate further.

Aizawa looks the same way Kouta feels. Torn. But he sets his jaw, grinds his teeth, and drags in a long breath.

“Fine. Do what you need to do. But make sure someone’s with you.”

“I will,” Midoriya says, nodding, and he finally lets go of Kouta’s hand. “Good luck.”

“Yeah, just be careful, Problem Child.”

“I will,” Midoriya promises, and just like that, he turns on his heel and disappears in the opposite direction, further into the forest. Kouta and Aizawa go the other way.

Izuku doesn’t really know how “careful” he can be in this kind of situation. He’d only really said it so Aizawa would let him go, but now he’s completely put it out of his mind. He’d lied about Glitch, too. He doesn’t know what kind of effect it’s going to have on him once he unleashes it into the forest.

But that’s neither here nor there. Right now he needs to focus on getting to a vantage point where Glitch can have the most power over the forest. And he has to get there before the strain becomes too much. He just hopes Muscular isn’t out of his range yet, because that would suck.

Izuku is just about to burst into a clearing when he hears sounds of a scuffle nearby. He amplifies his hearing as much as he dares, and when he focuses on it, he makes out two voices he recognizes and one voice he doesn’t. Shouji, Tokoyami, and a villain.

Izuku spins around and runs that way, bursting onto the scene. Tokoyami and Shouji are locked in combat against a villain with expanding limbs and a jagged knife in each hand.

“Someone else to the party?” the villain hisses, wide eyes brightening with a wide, twisted smile. “How wonderful. I can’t wait to get started…”

“Sorry, bub,” Izuku says, “but you’re gonna have to.”

He saps the villain’s senses away. His arms drop down to his sides, the knives hit the ground, and he stares off at nothing like a lifeless, porcelain doll.

Tokoyami and Shouji round on him like they’re seeing him for the very first time, and Izuku lowers his hand back down to his side and approaches.

“Midoriya,” Tokoyami says, the first to break out of the daze. “It’s good to see you.” He doesn’t ask about the golden eyes or golden tendrils. Considering what he’d just seen, he doesn’t have to. “Are you alright?”

“I’m just peachy,” Izuku says. “How about you guys?”

“We’re fine now,” Shouji answers, stepping forward, “but we wouldn’t have been if you hadn’t shown up just now. Thanks for that.”

“Don’t mention it,” Izuku says shortly, and then, he goes on; “Listen, I’m going to do something kind of crazy and there’s a chance I’m going to need one of you to carry me when I’m finished.”

Shouji and Tokoyami blink long and hard at him in unison. “What?”

“I’m going to use my Quirk like I did at the USJ,” Izuku says, “and immobilize every villain in this forest.”

Tokoyami and Shouji know that they aren’t in danger, but they keep their distance regardless. Maybe it’s because they don’t want to mess up his concentration. Who knows.

Izuku drags in a long breath through his teeth and closes his eyes. Glitch is easily one of the most powerful Quirks in existence, and he knows that more than anybody. He can do this. He can take one out of Monoma’s book and wipe out the entire forest. He doesn’t even have to do it like he did at the USJ, inflicting pain and overstimulation. He can do it just like Monoma did and simply rip their senses right from them.

He concentrates. Calls Glitch to his command again. Slaps a label on every threat in the area. Turns the label into a target.

And then, only when he’s ready, he launches the attack.

Muscular is unmoving on the plateau, the little wooden cat doll on the ground beside him.

Across the forest, Shouto and Yaoyorozu, who’d been struggling against the villain Moonfish moments before, now watch in shock as the villain stops moving altogether, staring off at nothing.

The two villains before Bakugou, Mandalay, and Ragdoll drop their guards, staring off into space.

Toga doesn’t even have a chance to swing her knife before she can’t move at all. Uraraka and Tsuyu watch on, and when it clicks and they realize what happened, they look at each other, wide-eyed, then turn and bolt in the opposite direction.

Across the entire forest, villains lower their weapons, stop using their Quirks, stare off at nothing as though their souls had been ripped from their bodies, leaving behind empty shells. On the highrise, out of range, Kurogiri, Shigaraki, and Dabi watch it all unfold.

Kirishima has the villain’s arms pinned behind his back, and Shinsou stands before him. The villain’s eyes are glassy and unseeing.

“What do you want?” Shinsou asks. “Why are you here?”

The villain says, very clearly, “Bakugou and Mandalay,” before Shinsou’s control is ripped away from him, and the villain is overtaken by Izuku’s own Quirk.

Kirishima lets the villain go, but his eyes are on Shinsou the entire time. Kouda’s eyes are wide.

“Mandalay and Bakugou,” Kirishima echoes. “They’re after…”

“We need to move,” Shinsou says, already turning and running. “We don’t have much time to warn them, we have to hurry!”

Kirishima snaps out of it, and red tendrils crackle around him once again. “Right!” he agrees readily, and he speeds ahead with One For All while Shinsou and Kouda tag close behind.  

“It’s Midoriya’s Quirk,” Katsuki realizes before anyone else, while the villains drop their stances and lower their weapons. “He must’ve took out the whole vanguard just like he did before. Freaking moron…”

“He took out all the villains?” Ragdoll breathes, bright eyes wide with awe. “All by himself? How could he?”

“I don’t frickin know,” Katsuki snaps back at her, “but it isn’t safe. The last time he did it he nearly—”

“Mrffh!”

Katsuki and Ragdoll whirl around. Mandalay is being dragged into a black, swirling abyss by a villain covered in stitches and scars. He has one hand over Mandalay’s nose and mouth, the other hooked around her waist.

“Mandalay!” Ragdoll shrieks, springing at her.

“Bastard, let her go!” Katsuki roars, explosions blasting from his palms and propelling him forward.

He’s too late. The portal closes on Mandalay and the villain and disappears from sight.

“Mandalay!” Ragdoll screams, louder this time, and her eyes glass over for a second, pupils darting to and fro. “She’s not here,” she realizes, raising her head to look Katsuki in the eyes. “She’s not in my range, I can’t find her, she’s—s-she’s gone.”

Katsuki’s heart is racing. “What in the—”

He hears it, a small, near indistinguishable swish in the wind, and he fires an explosion behind him and blasts away. The villain from before launches a blast of blue flames to counter Katsuki’s.

“... Damn,” the villain says, stepping out of the warp gate. It twists shut behind him. “Guess I have to fight you for real, now.”

Katsuki shifts into a stance. Beside him, Ragdoll does the same thing.

“Oh yeah?” Katsuki growls, crouching. “I’d like to see you try.”

Shouji and Tokoyami are running, with a barely-conscious Midoriya held securely in Shouji’s massive arms.

“Which way are we headed?” Shouji hollers as they run, jumping over tree roots and dashing through bushes.

“Back to the site,” Tokoyami responds easily, facing forward. “With the villains out of commission, we should be safe to move.”

“I can walk,” Midoriya slurs, but his eyelids droop so much that Shouji can barely see the gold. The tendrils still glow strong. “I’m fine, honest…”

It’s obviously a lie, and a weak attempt at one, too. Shouji and Tokoyami ignore him easily and continue their plight through the forest, running as fast as they can. Midoriya isn’t hard to carry, but Shouji’s concern leaves his shoulders tense and a pit in his gut. Midoriya had collapsed almost as soon as he’d unleashed his power, and still he insists on maintaining it for as long as he needs to.

It’s admirable, but also incredibly stupid.

Onwards they run, through the forest, heading back towards the front—but then, to the left of them, a massive explosion rattles the ground and shakes the trees. Tokoyami and Shouji stop dead in their tracks; Midoriya lifts his head, turning glassy eyes in that direction.

“Bakugou,” Midoriya says, and then, a second later, “a-and Ragdoll. They’re... fighting…?”

“I thought you took out all the villains,” Shouji says.

“I did,” Midoriya responds tiredly. “I took out all the villains I could. T-They must’ve used the warp gate or something and brought in reinforcements.”

“We need to help them,” Tokoyami says, in a voice that leaves no room for argument. “Midoriya—”

“I’ve been saying I could walk for the past ten minutes,” Midoriya says, and reluctantly, Shouji sets him down, though he keeps a steadying hand on Midoriya’s shoulder until he’s sure he won’t topple over. “I’m fine, let’s go.”

Shouji and Tokoyami take the lead, and Midoriya runs right behind them. They weave between trees, duck beneath branches, dash through bushes—and finally, they burst into a clearing.

A blast of blue flames slams Ragdoll against the side of a tree, and she crumples to the ground, unconscious and unmoving.

“Bastard!” Bakugou screeches, lunging at the villain responsible. “I’ll kill you for that—!”

The villain smiles, and it all happens too quickly.  

“Bakugou, don’t!” Midoriya shouts, voice cracking. “He wants you to do that, don’t—!”

The warp gate opens in the small space between Bakugou and the villain. Bakugou’s eyes blow wide, but the gate comes up too quickly and the momentum sucks him in like a black hole.

The gate closes, and he’s gone.

It’s Midoriya who moves before Tokoyami can even think to.

“Give him back!” Midoriya demands, but it loses the effect when his voice cracks. The one lone remaining villain turns to look at him. Blue eyes meet golden eyes.

And then, Midoriya starts screaming.

He clutches his head in his hands, fingers burying into his hair. The sound is piercing, tortured. Tokoyami goes for Midoriya while Shouji runs on towards the villain.

“Midoriya, what’s wrong?” Tokoyami demands, grabbing him by the shoulder. “Midoriya, talk to me. Midoriya!”

T̘͔̻̲H̡̪̣R̬E͓̩̝̫͉̪̘͝A̫̥͈͔̰T͖̥̹̯͇͟?̵͔̰?҉?͇̕?̳̩

̻̩͉̦͎ͅT̴ͅH͈͠REA̪̘̲̲͔͟ͅT͏ ̬̥̝̲͚̝̞T͍̰̤͜Ơ͎̬͖̻ ̸̤̼͚̳͔̞͍H͇̟͎I̠̦M̴͇͔̞S̝̯͔̪ELF̻?̜̠̺̲͉͞?̗͔̘̮?̵͍̞̝͇?͏

̡̤͙͎̥̲̩͕T̢̬͚̟H҉͉̙̭̙̮Ṟ̺̮͇̟̝͡E͉̱̙͠A̛̭T͏̯

̭T̢̘̞̝O͉̦̣̖ ̬̖͍ͅH͈̬͍̲͖I̷͍̳̝̟͙̥M̡̜S̮̟̘̱E̠̤̱͖̻͎͓L̴̲F̩̪̙͞ ̙̕?̴̼̟ ̰͙͞?̼͖̟̝ ̵̖̗̜͈͍̦?͘?̧̣͍̩̳͉͍ ̪̺͕̣?͍̜̫̮ͅ ̹͖̹

T̘͔̻̲H̡̪̣R̬E͓̩̝̫͉̪̘͝A̫̥͈͔̰T͖̥̹̯͇͟?̵͔̰?҉?͇̕?̳̩

̻̩͉̦͎ͅT̴ͅH͈͠REA̪̘̲̲͔͟ͅT͏ ̬̥̝̲͚̝̞T͍̰̤͜Ơ͎̬͖̻ ̸̤̼͚̳͔̞͍H͇̟͎I̠̦M̴͇͔̞S̝̯͔̪ELF̻?̜̠̺̲͉͞?̗͔̘̮?̵͍̞̝͇?͏

̡̤͙͎̥̲̩͕T̢̬͚̟H҉͉̙̭̙̮Ṟ̺̮͇̟̝͡E͉̱̙͠A̛̭T͏̯

̭T̢̘̞̝O͉̦̣̖ ̬̖͍ͅH͈̬͍̲͖I̷͍̳̝̟͙̥M̡̜S̮̟̘̱E̠̤̱͖̻͎͓L̴̲F̩̪̙͞ ̙̕?̴̼̟ ̰͙͞?̼͖̟̝ ̵̖̗̜͈͍̦?͘?̧̣͍̩̳͉͍ ̪̺͕̣?͍̜̫̮ͅ ̹͖̹

T̮̰ͧͥ͐ͩͣ͋́H̶̳̫̫͎̗̦̽́̌́̀̚R̥̥͑E̊̃A̖͉͔͖̩͞T͈̭̱͍̻͚̔ͧͤͫ̅̃̅͜ͅ ̺̱̲̻͓̗̆ͯͯͩͬ͟T̫̺̫̤H̤͛R̓̊͗͆̿̍͝Ȇ̤̩͇̺͇͔̚͟A̫̥̗̐ͦ͌͠Ţ̻̬̭̝̹͉͎̋͋̃̊̚ ͓̳̬̮͙̭͎͑̓͟T̝̱̺͍͖ͤ̆̊̓̕H̶̗͓͔͖R̯̭͎̯̤̫͙E̩̫͐̌̅͆ͨ͊͑͞A̞͖̤͚̺̐̆ͩͪ̐̾̚T̥̖̯̫̰ͬ̉ͪ͋͑ͅ ̠̪̳͖̙̃ͭ̿ͦ͜ͅṪ̙̦͒͗̄̅́̂͠H̷̖̼̙͚̳̏͌͊̇̿̈́R̘͇̳̲͍̐͞EͩA̔ͨ̓ͭ͐͂̚҉̜̲̥̟T̓͒ͩ̅͟ ̶Tͫͧͨ͋ͩͧ̊H̫̣͇̞͉̬R̝̥̖͋̃͒̄̄Ë́A͈̘ͬ̏͝T̲̘̯͈̻̥̘ ͆̔T̮̰ͧͥ͐ͩͣ͋́H̶̳̫̫͎̗̦̽́̌́̀̚R̥̥͑E̊̃A̖͉͔͖̩͞T͈̭̱͍̻͚̔ͧͤͫ̅̃̅͜ͅ ̺̱̲̻͓̗̆ͯͯͩͬ͟T̫̺̫̤H̤͛R̓̊͗͆̿̍͝Ȇ̤̩͇̺͇͔̚͟A̫̥̗̐ͦ͌͠Ţ̻̬̭̝̹͉͎̋͋̃̊̚ ͓̳̬̮͙̭͎͑̓͟T̝̱̺͍͖ͤ̆̊̓̕H̶̗͓͔͖R̯̭͎̯̤̫͙E̩̫͐̌̅͆ͨ͊͑͞A̞͖̤͚̺̐̆ͩͪ̐̾̚T̥̖̯̫̰ͬ̉ͪ͋͑ͅ ̠̪̳͖̙̃ͭ̿ͦ͜ͅṪ̙̦͒͗̄̅́̂͠H̷̖̼̙͚̳̏͌͊̇̿̈́R̘͇̳̲͍̐͞EͩA̔ͨ̓ͭ͐͂̚҉̜̲̥̟T̓͒ͩ̅͟

T̆͋͂̉ͯ͂͗͏O̙̭̰̪̐ͨ̏̈̓ͪ ̢̼̙̌͒H̪̍̿ͦ͛I̶̮ͨ̇ͤ̈̉̓M̫͓͐̂̔ͥ͢S͒͜E̺L̵͓͇̪̥̩̍̂̅̿F͙̫͙̆ͪ͝ ͪ̉͐̄̌͐̚͏̫̖̠̻̘̥T̳͙͉̦̻̺͈ͫO͇̘̯͇ͅ ͍̦͚̺̖͝Y̧̼̟̓ͪ̑ͦ̏O͈̲̝̗̥̫̠͌͢Ưͫ͗̍ ̩͓Ť̠͍͕̻͈͔ͬ̂O̟̠̬̻̘̯̎͟ͅ ̸̳͐̉̈́ͤ̀̄T̮Ȟ̭̞E̡̟̻͙̗͔͚̚M̙̋̾͋͗͑̊ ̤͚̻̞̩̒̍ͮ̂͂Ṱ̝̭̫̺̣͖͋ͬ̂ͩ̈͊͗Ó̖̮̜̾͠ ̓̍̈HI̱̟̘̤̤M͖̜̀̾̐͛ͪ͠ ̯̩̜̅̑͌͂̑͌̌ͅT̙̠̲͍͊͗͆͆͑́̾͟O̺͍̲̰̜͌̈͊̅̈̀̕ ͖̙̖̩̖͍ͮ̇͐̊ͩY̬̟̦͆̒͊̎ͬ̚Ỏ̥̺̮̽̉̏ͮ̂̚U̪̩̠̲̦͙͉̓ ̿͡T̖͓̙͚͉̺̑͌ͥO̵͉̓͒ͪ̂ͣ ̝̮̙̹̼̻̹T̳̩̳͍̜̰̆̇͛̒́ͯH̳̘͑ͤ͒̈͘Ễ̂̑̾͌̚͟M̶͔̪͗ ̶̭̂́́͆̈́̌Ṫ̜͍̝̹̏̃͋͌ͅỌ̞̰͘ ̞̜̬̓̃Ḧ̛̝́͊̉̚I̮͒̓̀ͪ͐͡M̹̬͕̲͙̞̲̊̎̽̑ͭ̒S͓̺̜̄Ę̜͓̼̥̦ͧ̚L̮̬̖̝̖͐ͭͅF ̱͉̯̪̏T̆͋͂̉ͯ͂͗͏O̙̭̰̪̐ͨ̏̈̓ͪ ̢̼̙̌͒H̪̍̿ͦ͛I̶̮ͨ̇ͤ̈̉̓M̫͓͐̂̔ͥ͢S͒͜E̺L̵͓͇̪̥̩̍̂̅̿F͙̫͙̆ͪ͝ ͪ̉͐̄̌͐̚͏̫̖̠̻̘̥T̳͙͉̦̻̺͈ͫO͇̘̯͇ͅ ͍̦͚̺̖͝Y̧̼̟̓ͪ̑ͦ̏O͈̲̝̗̥̫̠͌͢Ưͫ͗̍ ̩͓Ť̠͍͕̻͈͔ͬ̂O̟̠̬̻̘̯̎͟ͅ ̸̳͐̉̈́ͤ̀̄T̮Ȟ̭̞E̡̟̻͙̗͔͚̚M̙̋̾͋͗͑̊ ̤͚̻̞̩̒̍ͮ̂͂Ṱ̝̭̫̺̣͖͋ͬ̂ͩ̈͊͗Ó̖̮̜̾͠ ̓̍̈HI̱̟̘̤̤M͖̜̀̾̐͛ͪ͠ ̯̩̜̅̑͌͂̑͌̌ͅT̙̠̲͍͊͗͆͆͑́̾͟O̺͍̲̰̜͌̈͊̅̈̀̕ ͖̙̖̩̖͍ͮ̇͐̊ͩY̬̟̦͆̒͊̎ͬ̚Ỏ̥̺̮̽̉̏ͮ̂̚U̪̩̠̲̦͙͉̓ ̿͡T̖͓̙͚͉̺̑͌ͥO̵͉̓͒ͪ̂ͣ ̝̮̙̹̼̻̹T̳̩̳͍̜̰̆̇͛̒́ͯH̳̘͑ͤ͒̈͘Ễ̂̑̾͌̚͟M̶͔̪͗ ̶̭̂́́͆̈́̌Ṫ̜͍̝̹̏̃͋͌ͅỌ̞̰͘ ̞̜̬̓̃Ḧ̛̝́͊̉̚I̮͒̓̀ͪ͐͡M̹̬͕̲͙̞̲̊̎̽̑ͭ̒S͓̺̜̄Ę̜͓̼̥̦ͧ̚L̮̬̖̝̖͐ͭͅF ̱͉̯̪̏T̆͋͂̉ͯ͂͗͏O̙̭̰̪̐ͨ̏̈̓ͪ ̢̼̙̌͒H̪̍̿ͦ͛I̶̮ͨ̇ͤ̈̉̓M̫͓͐̂̔ͥ͢S͒͜E̺L̵͓͇̪̥̩̍̂̅̿F͙̫͙̆ͪ͝ ͪ̉͐̄̌͐̚͏̫̖̠̻̘̥T̳͙͉̦̻̺͈ͫO͇̘̯͇ͅ ͍̦͚̺̖͝Y̧̼̟̓ͪ̑ͦ̏O͈̲̝̗̥̫̠͌͢Ưͫ͗̍ ̩͓Ť̠͍͕̻͈͔ͬ̂O̟̠̬̻̘̯̎͟ͅ ̸̳͐̉̈́ͤ̀̄T̮Ȟ̭̞E̡̟̻͙̗͔͚̚M̙̋̾͋͗͑̊ ̤͚̻̞̩̒̍ͮ̂͂Ṱ̝̭̫̺̣͖͋ͬ̂ͩ̈͊͗Ó̖̮̜̾͠ ̓̍̈HI̱̟̘̤̤M͖̜̀̾̐͛ͪ͠ ̯̩̜̅̑͌͂̑͌̌ͅT̙̠̲͍͊͗͆͆͑́̾͟O̺͍̲̰̜͌̈͊̅̈̀̕ ͖̙̖̩̖͍ͮ̇͐̊ͩY̬̟̦͆̒͊̎ͬ̚Ỏ̥̺̮̽̉̏ͮ̂̚U̪̩̠̲̦͙͉̓ ̿͡T̖͓̙͚͉̺̑͌ͥO̵͉̓͒ͪ̂ͣ ̝̮̙̹̼̻̹T̳̩̳͍̜̰̆̇͛̒́ͯH̳̘͑ͤ͒̈͘Ễ̂̑̾͌̚͟M̶͔̪͗ ̶̭̂́́͆̈́̌Ṫ̜͍̝̹̏̃͋͌ͅỌ̞̰͘ ̞̜̬̓̃Ḧ̛̝́͊̉̚I̮͒̓̀ͪ͐͡M̹̬͕̲͙̞̲̊̎̽̑ͭ̒S͓̺̜̄Ę̜͓̼̥̦ͧ̚L̮̬̖̝̖͐ͭͅF ̱͉̯̪̏T͖̯̠̭̤H̗̥̻̹̝̓͐̿ͬ͋̄̚͠R̳̦̽͠Ë͚̼̹͎̪̬͙́ͦ̒̋͐̓Aͮ̈̉̊͛̓Ṯ̈ͦ͊̎ͮͯ̚ ̴̈̂T̵̮̜͎H̵͈̫̫̹̱̰͇͗ͫ̂̀͒͋̽R̭̳͚̐̆E͚͎A̖ͩ̎ͮ̍̇̄ͫT̶̤́ ̖͓͖̗͕͌͆ͩT̫̙̀̅́̃Ḫ̛͔̣̻̗̰̖͗̚R̢͓̮̻̥ͫ̾ͨͩÊ̗͉̕Ạ͖̦̩̮̐̌̀ͬ͛T̯͓̓͊͢ ̶̤̺ͩ̏ͪT͓̼̙̫̜̖ͨ̓ͭ͜ͅH̔͐̍R̃̓̆̋͏̜̟̗̤̝̘͚Ẻ̤̬ͬ̓ͅA͍̼̻̲̹̦̥ͤ͊̿̕T̛͇͔͙̬̂ͭ͗ͣͫ

T͖̯̠̭̤H̗̥̻̹̝̓͐̿ͬ͋̄̚͠R̳̦̽͠Ë͚̼̹͎̪̬͙́ͦ̒̋͐̓Aͮ̈̉̊͛̓Ṯ̈ͦ͊̎ͮͯ̚ ̴̈̂T̵̮̜͎H̵͈̫̫̹̱̰͇͗ͫ̂̀͒͋̽R̭̳͚̐̆E͚͎A̖ͩ̎ͮ̍̇̄ͫT̶̤́ ̖͓͖̗͕͌͆ͩT̫̙̀̅́̃Ḫ̛͔̣̻̗̰̖͗̚R̢͓̮̻̥ͫ̾ͨͩÊ̗͉̕Ạ͖̦̩̮̐̌̀ͬ͛T̯͓̓͊͢ ̶̤̺ͩ̏ͪT͓̼̙̫̜̖ͨ̓ͭ͜ͅH̔͐̍R̃̓̆̋͏̜̟̗̤̝̘͚Ẻ̤̬ͬ̓ͅA͍̼̻̲̹̦̥ͤ͊̿̕T̛͇͔͙̬̂ͭ͗ͣͫT͖̯̠̭̤H̗̥̻̹̝̓͐̿ͬ͋̄̚͠R̳̦̽͠Ë͚̼̹͎̪̬͙́ͦ̒̋͐̓Aͮ̈̉̊͛̓Ṯ̈ͦ͊̎ͮͯ̚ ̴̈̂T̵̮̜͎H̵͈̫̫̹̱̰͇͗ͫ̂̀͒͋̽R̭̳͚̐̆E͚͎A̖ͩ̎ͮ̍̇̄ͫT̶̤́ ̖͓͖̗͕͌͆ͩT̫̙̀̅́̃Ḫ̛͔̣̻̗̰̖͗̚R̢͓̮̻̥ͫ̾ͨͩÊ̗͉̕Ạ͖̦̩̮̐̌̀ͬ͛T̯͓̓͊͢ ̶̤̺ͩ̏ͪT͓̼̙̫̜̖ͨ̓ͭ͜ͅH̔͐̍R̃̓̆̋͏̜̟̗̤̝̘͚Ẻ̤̬ͬ̓ͅA͍̼̻̲̹̦̥ͤ͊̿̕T̛͇͔͙̬̂ͭ͗ͣͫT͖̯̠̭̤H̗̥̻̹̝̓͐̿ͬ͋̄̚͠R̳̦̽͠Ë͚̼̹͎̪̬͙́ͦ̒̋͐̓Aͮ̈̉̊͛̓Ṯ̈ͦ͊̎ͮͯ̚ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋

TH̸R̷҉̕EA̛T ͏TH̶̢Ŗ̶E͡͏AT ̴͟T̸H҉̵R̛͝EA̸T ͘͡T͝H͜͝R̶͘͝Ę̶AŢ̶̛TH̸R̷҉̕EA̛T ͏TH̶̢Ŗ̶E͡͏AT ̴͟T̸H҉̵R̛͝EA̸T ͘͡T͝H͜͝R̶͘͝Ę̶AŢ̶̛TH̸R̷҉̕EA̛T

Tͥ͊̊͛ͩ̐͜͏Ơ̇ͮ ͛ͭͪ̌̍ͪ͑͜H̆̊́Iͬͦ̃̆ͣ͢͝M̢̉͐̂ͤ̓ͯ̏͗Ṡ̶͛̆̀̈́ͫ͂̚Eͪ̓͑ͦ̂̔ͪL̈́͛ͤͭ̆̋͂̿F͑̔́ͣͬͨ͝ ̴̷̉ͭ̒ͬ̈́̎͌̾̚͞Ť́͊̃̚͟͠͏O͊̾̊̾ ̴͋̒̂͢Ḧ̨̨̛ͨͧĮ̧̏M͂̽͆̈́ͮͩ͠Ṥ̢͊̍͠҉Eͬͦ̍Lͣ̉̉͊͟҉F̉ͣ ͩ̈̈̃̎ͫ͏Tͮ̑ͧ̓̋̚̚͢O̧̾ͧ̾͛ͩ͛ͫ͞ ̿́͏H̸̨ͨ̍͐ͦI͆̉̂̊̃̕͠͝M̷͒S̑ͧ҉Eͨͭͪ̉͆̾̚L̄ͯF̛̾̔͘͝?̈́͋ͮ̒ͬ͗̋ͫ͛?̨̋̍̿̐ͣ͐̓ ̶̀̈͊͂̕T̃̑̈́̌ͧ͌ͮ҉͠Hͫ̓̌̒ͨͥR̨̆͂̅ͮ͊ͣͬͨ҉̢E̴̴͒ͦ̓͂̇͊A͑͒̂̉̍͊̈́̿Tͨ̚҉̷ ͯͪ̔̃̄̇̕͞Tͤ͂Oͤ͆̋ ̷͂ͪͨͥͭ̍ͪ̐͗͞Hͪͭͩͩ͑ͦ͠ÏM̷̃ͫ̍̍̎ͧ̽ͤS̓̉͂̊̉ͥ͋҉Ę̔͂̋̓L̉̒̓̈̉͌̌͘Fͣ̈̈́͒̃ͥ͜?̆̆͌ͨ̔͟?̸̓ͤͬͬ̓?̧̎̆ͨ͐͒̾̅̆͢?̶̌̋̒ͭ͟TH̶̢Ŗ̶E͡͏AT ̴͟T̸H҉̵R̛͝EA̸T ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋

Tͥ͊̊͛ͩ̐͜͏Ơ̇ͮ ͛ͭͪ̌̍ͪ͑͜H̆̊́Iͬͦ̃̆ͣ͢͝M̢̉͐̂ͤ̓ͯ̏͗Ṡ̶͛̆̀̈́ͫ͂̚Eͪ̓͑ͦ̂̔ͪL̈́͛ͤͭ̆̋͂̿F͑̔́ͣͬͨ͝ ̴̷̉ͭ̒ͬ̈́̎͌̾̚͞Ť́͊̃̚͟͠͏O͊̾̊̾ ̴͋̒̂͢Ḧ̨̨̛ͨͧĮ̧̏M͂̽͆̈́ͮͩ͠Ṥ̢͊̍͠҉Eͬͦ̍Lͣ̉̉͊͟҉F̉ͣ ͩ̈̈̃̎ͫ͏?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶ͮ́ͥ͢Tͮ̑ͧ̓̋̚̚͢O̧̾ͧ̾͛ͩ͛ͫ͞ ̿́͏H̸̨ͨ̍͐ͦI͆̉̂̊̃̕͠͝M̷͒S̑ͧ҉Eͨͭͪ̉͆̾̚L̄ͯF̛̾̔͘͝?̈́͋ͮ̒ͬ͗̋ͫ͛?̨̋̍̿̐ͣ͐̓ ̶̀̈͊͂̕T̃̑̈́̌ͧ͌ͮ҉͠Hͫ̓̌̒ͨͥR̨̆͂̅ͮ͊ͣͬͨ҉̢E̴̴͒ͦ̓͂̇͊A͑͒̂̉̍͊̈́̿Tͨ̚҉̷ ͯͪ̔̃̄̇̕͞Tͤ͂Oͤ͆̋ ̷͂ͪͨͥͭ̍ͪ̐͗͞Hͪͭͩͩ͑ͦ͠ÏM̷̃ͫ̍̍̎ͧ̽ͤS̓̉͂̊̉ͥ͋҉Ę̔͂̋̓L̉̒̓̈̉͌̌͘Fͣ̈̈́͒̃ͥ͜?̆̆͌ͨ̔͟?̸̓ͤͬͬ̓?̧̎̆ͨ͐͒̾̅̆͢?̶̌̋̒ͭ͟͏TH̶̢Ŗ̶E͡͏AT ̴͟T̸H҉̵R̛͝EA̸T ͘͡T͝H͜͝R̶͘͝Ę̶AŢ̶̛TH̸R̷҉̕EA̛T ͏TH̶̢Ŗ̶E͡͏AT ̴͟T̸H҉̵R̛͝EA̸T ͘͡T͝H͜͝R̶͘͝Ę̶AŢ̶̛TH̸R̷҉̕EA̛T ͏TH̶̢Ŗ̶E͡͏AT ̴͟T̸H҉̵R̛͝EA̸T TH̶̢Ŗ̶E͡͏AT ̴͟T̸H҉̵R̛͝EA̸T ͘͡T͝H͜͝R̶͘͝Ę̶AŢ̶̛TH̸R̷҉̕EA̛T ͏TH̶̢Ŗ̶E͡͏AT ̴͟?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶ͮ́ͥ͢T̸H҉̵R̛͝EA̸T ͘͡T͝H͜͝R̶͘͝Ę̶AŢ̶̛TH̸R̷҉̕EA̛T ͏TH̶̢Ŗ̶E͡͏AT ?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶̴ͮ́ͥ͢͟T̸H҉̵R̛͝EA̸T

T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶ͮ́ͥ͢ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶ͮ́ͥͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͢͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝

 

T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶ͮ́ͥͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͢͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶ͮ́ͥ͢ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡

 

T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶ͮ́ͥ͢Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋

 

?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉ͮ́ͥ͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͢͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳

 

?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶ͮ́ͥ͢T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚

 

Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋

 

T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟?̃̽̉ͤͯ̄͌͐͜?̢̽ͨ̐ͮͩ̓?̡̽̈̿̀̋ͨ̓?̈́̏̓ͯ̕͝?̷̊ͪ́ͩ̄͑̓̒͐?̷͊́ͧͯ?̶ͮ́ͥ͢Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕

̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ̶̢̛̫͉̪̬̞̦̬͉͖͈̪͉͊ͬ͑̉͂́̿̅̈́͒͘͠T̵̶̨͉̪̣̗̠͕̲͓̉͊̿ͯ͑ͪͯͦ̄ͯ̐̽̓ͣ͢͜Ḩ̴̞̪̗͍͇̗͕̈́͑ͤ̓ͮ͋ͮ̑̓̅̀̉͆̿ͧ̕Ȑ̺̮̲̻̳̦͎̺͆ͣ̌́ͯ̎͘͢͢E̛̛͐͋̍̽҉̭͔̪̬̗̟̱͎A̸̫͈̝̱̺͚̼̤ͧ͊ͦͭͦ̏̊̆ͩ͆ͯͣͯͫ̏ͪ̏͢ͅT͎̰̩͍̿ͭͨ̉̿̉͌̇̄́͋͐͛̈́͆͊ͥͥ̚̕ ̵̤̜̳̳̝̦ͧͬ͗ͭ̇̉ͦ̔̒͐ͣ̚Tͧ̽ͨ͛ͪͬͨ̇̈̎ͥ͏҉̞͎̱̤͎̹̰̭̬͎̠̩̬͘͞͠ͅH̾̓̓̾̌̑͏̢̥̻̭͎̺͈̣̗̼̱͠R͎̪̮̲̯̬̪̰͚̙͕̪̜̪̫̺̯̱ͩͭ͗̍͘Ę̵͉͓̞̥͇͕̟͖̃̇͛ͦ̚͜ͅA̿ͯ̅̒̑ͭ̂ͯ̂̋̒̐ͫ͒̓̾ͦ͏̵̬͉̠̱̘͇͙͚̯̪͔̯͕Ṫ̶͕̞̘̪͎̬͈͙̀̒̎̎ͦ̃̓̑ͣͩ͒ ̸̤̤̮̱̞̬̪͖͔̟̘̗̗͔̟̹̿̔́ͭ͐̆̏͆́ͮ͡T̤̩̻͚͖̤̞̲̝̪ͭ̃͊͗ͣ͝͞H̢̨͎̦̭̱̼̱̅̐̒͑̀͐̓ͫͣͬ͊̓͛ͩ̾͟ͅR̷̗̜̠͎͇͕̤͓͎̯̺̠͋̂̍ͦ̉ͨͩ̆ͯ͗̽̋͛ͥ͐̾̚̚͢ͅE̴͖̬͔͇̮̜͉̘͕͈̳͖͇̹̰̦̗ͯͫ͂̄͋ͭͪͬ̎ͨ̕͟ͅͅĄ̟̞̤̥̱̠̜̘̯̹̣̬͑ͤͭ͂̉̽̉̋͌͆͆̚͘͟͢ͅT̸̫͙̻̦̘͖͇̩͔̯̱͙͈̗͔̅ͧͯ̈ͮͮͨ̃ͤ̽̐͐ͫ͒̒ͧ͢͡ ͮ̐̆ͤ͛ͧ͡҉̞̼͈̩͉̹̥̖͎͔͍̻̫̭͕̯̳T̨̢̩̲̠ͯ̾ͦ͌̋̃̐ͨͮͤ̅͆͂̏H̵̡̛̲̘̬̝͕̣̞̮ͥͫ͆ͧ̈ͩͤ͂̾͊̉̔ͨ͗͝͞R̸̶̸͙͔̻̫̥̠̼̺͎̤̩̻͆̾ͤ̓̒ͯ͂͐̑͐ͧ͆̈E̺̣͚̠̥̬̞͍̘͖̫͎̰̮͙͛͛ͦͬ͟Ã̈̇̑͑̌ͪ̈̅̄͞͏̨̱̮͉̜͓͕̝̤̹̪̯͢T͕͕͕͔̯͖̺̒͋͒̊͡͞͠ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋  ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋ ͔͓̰̠͖̓ͬ͂ͮ̉ͨͨͣ͜͝T̶̷̳̖͎̞͙͙̝̳̰̣̳̦̖͖̱̠̅̒̒̃̂̋̚͟͜H̸̵̦̯̪͔̪̘̳ͥ̍̃̃R̈͒ͯͫ̇̒ͫ͒͂̿͌͗ͧͤ͒ͭ̚̚̕̕͢҉̝̮̫Ē̵̶͉̩̪̰͓̮̼͔̳͍̂̑͐ͪ́̋ͫͥ̆ͤͤ͢͝Å̷͙͍͈̮̹̰͕͕͇̭̉ͭ̈͒̃̈̿̏ͬ͋̄͠͡T̛̛̼͈̫͉̻̫̻̮̈́̽ͨͪ̓ͧ̾ͪ͗̂ͩ͆̿͋



Midoriya’s knees buckle, and Tokoyami barely has time to catch him before he loses consciousness. The gold fades from his arms, and Tokoyami shakes him earnestly. “Hey, Midoriya! Midoriya!”

In the meantime, the villain steps towards another warp gate. Shouji runs, but he isn’t fast enough. The villain gets one foot in the gate—

“You’re not going anywhere!”

A blur of crackling something zips past him. Kirishima pulls back his fist, rocketing towards the villain with speed to rival a bullet’s.

The villain raises a hand and sends a massive burst of blue flames directly at him.

Kirishima throws his punch early, barely managing to blast away the worst of the flames, but that’s his one attack. His one chance. When the flames dissipate and the smoke clears, there’s no villain. There’s no warp gate. There’s no Mandalay. There’s no Bakugou.

Shinsou and Kouda are right behind him, bursting into the clearing moments later. Midoriya is on the ground, limp and unconscious. Tokoyami has given up on trying to rouse him. His mind is blank.

There’s no shout. No words. No nothing. As the students stare on, as the realization sinks in, there’s silence.
Chapter 41
Notes:

    You guys have no idea how long I've been looking forward to this chapter

    Before we get into it, art!!

    notch0607

    ItsBy(M)e

    flippy7501

    Thank you all so much!! Hope you enjoy the chapter! :D

Chapter Text

Izuku shoots upright, chest heaving with every desperate breath. His vision is blurry. His head is full of cotton.

"Hey, dude, breathe," Kirishima says, close to his side. His hand squeezes his shoulder. "You're alright, just breathe."

When his sight clears, he hears commotion all around them. People move back and forth, some he knows and some he doesn't know. Outside the facility, he hears sirens. Chopper blades slicing through the wind. The overhead lights flicker.

"What happened?" Izuku gasps out, looking Kirishima in the eyes. "Where's Bakugou?"

He sees it. The smallest flicker in Kirishima's eyes. It isn't much, but it's enough.

"K-Kiri-chan... " He doesn't want to say it. "What happened to Bakugou?"

Kirishima squeezes his shoulder a little tighter and bows his head until Izuku can't see his eyes.

"They got him," Kirishima says in a low, broken voice. "Him and Mandalay. They're gone."

The world around him fades into splotchy colors and garbled voices. He sees Shinsou talking with a medic; Uraraka replaces Kirishima and leans into his side, but he barely feels it. He think Shouto and Tenya are there for a brief moment, but he isn't sure. He can't be.  

Tsukauchi is rushing about with his men, who are bringing in villains they'd apprehended at the camp. Sansa walks in long, even strides by his side.

"How many in total?" Tsukauchi questions as they move.

"Seventeen," Sansa answers, "including the murderer, Muscular. But the warp gate took the rest of them back to base."

"Figures," Tsukauchi grinds out from between gritted teeth. "They have a habit of running like cowards... what leads do we have? Anything?"

Sansa shakes his head. "Nothing yet. We're looking into it now. The heroes are going to keep us updated as things progress."

"Good. I want to know as soon as they have a lead on the villains. The second you find something, I need to be the first to know."

Sansa nods and breaks off, and Tsukauchi strides onward.

“Naomasa!”

Up ahead, a second officer runs at him, looking frantic. Tsukauchi stops, and the offer does the same in front of him, panting to catch his breath.

“What is it?” Tsukauchi demands. “Do we have a lead? Good news? Bad news?”

“Good news,” the officer says, straightening up and looking him in the eye. “One of the U.A. students, Yaoyorozu Momo—she placed a tracking device on one of the Nomus and made us a GPS. We have a solid map that leads us straight to the villains’ hideout.”

Inko receives a call, and barely ten minutes later finds her charging through the double doors of the nearest hospital. Aizawa and a doctor are there conversing, and they turn to her when she arrives.

"Midoriya Inko?" the doctor guesses, and with Inko's nod, the doctor gestures for her to follow him. Aizawa stays behind, but Inko puts it out of her mind for now and follows the doctor down the hall. “He's mostly unharmed,” the doctor explains, coming up to a closed door, “but he's in shock. We haven't been able to get him to respond to anything."

The doctor opens the door and leads her into the ward. He leads her in between tables and empty beds, and when they’re near the end of the room, he pulls back one of the blue curtains.

Izuku is sitting on the edge of the hospital bed, being checked over by a nurse. The nurse notices her immediately, and she steps back to give Inko room. The doctor beckons her over, and he closes the curtain back around Izuku and Inko.

Izuku blinks out into space, like he's not even seeing her, and Inko moves slowly to sit beside him in the bed. When he still shows no reaction, she reaches out and touches his shoulder.

He reacts this time, head whipping around to look at her. Their eyes meet, and slowly, Izuku raises a hand.

Mom?

Inko's heart lurches, and she wraps her arms around his shoulders and draws him to her, holding him. He doesn’t hug her back.

Aside from Izuku and a couple smaller, minor injuries, there are no casualties.  Izuku's Quirk and quick thinking took out the villains in no time at all, which eliminated the possibility of more than a few minor injuries. So that isn’t the issue.

The issue is that Bakugou and Mandalay are in the hands of the villains, and as long as they have them, their lives are in danger.

Eijirou sits on the floor in the common room of the dormitory back at U.A. It’s the evening of the day after the training camp, dark and gloomy both outside and inside. The students are all home now (sans Izuku, who is still at the hospital getting checked out), but the rest of them locked themselves away in their rooms to cope with everything alone.

Everyone except for Eijirou, anyway.

He’d come home to the sound of upset kittens and an energetic Cat, who bounced over to the door expecting Izuku to come in right behind him. The thought struck Eijirou right in the heart, and he’s been in the common room with the animals ever since. Sitting in the dark with Cat’s head in his lap and the cats prowling around him, Eijirou’s mind wanders. He can’t tell what’s worse; being alone or being with Izuku’s animals.

However, he isn’t alone for very long. The elevator lets out a ding, and Eijirou looks towards the sound just as the door opens to reveal Kouda. Kouda meets his eyes for just a moment as he steps out of the elevator, but then he averts his gaze and twists the ball of his foot into the ground nervously.

Do you want to be alone? he asks, movements small. If you do I can go.

Eijirou doesn’t know what he wants, so he shakes his head. “It’s alright,” he says, and it seems a crime to break the silence, really. “I don't mind you being here, come on."

Kouda doesn't wait. He crosses the room towards him, bending down to scratch Fiddlesticks behind the ears on his way over, and he takes a seat beside Eijirou on the floor. Eijirou strokes Cat's fur, and not for the first time, he longs for home. He wants to see his parents. He wants to see his dogs. He wants to get out of here. Anything.

But he can't do that now. U.A. isn't on lockdown (yet), but the teachers don't want anyone to leave. Of course Izuku is still in the hospital, and Yaoyorozu had been called in by the police station to talk (about what? Eijirou doesn't have a clue), but they’re the only exceptions.

Are you okay? Kouda asks, turning to him worriedly. Eijirou shrugs, but doesn’t stop petting Cat.

“I don’t know,” Eijirou answers honestly. “I mean... it’s just... a lot.”

And he’ll be honest; the time Izuku was kidnapped was a lot harder to cope with than this. Eijirou feels like the worst person on earth when he thinks it, but it’s true. He’d been devastated before, but now he’s kind of in a state of surreal shock. He can’t believe it happened again, after U.A.’s best efforts to protect them. The villains shouldn’t have even known where the forest was.

The elevator dings again, and this time the doors open to reveal Todoroki, Tsuyu and Uraraka. They take one look at Eijirou and Kouda sitting on the floor and almost turn around to head right back into the elevator, but Kouda waves them over, and their hesitation doesn’t last.

They sit in a circle on the floor, and the cats take notice of the new arrivals and begin prowling, mrrowing in question when they realize Izuku still isn't among them. Uraraka pets their fur as they crawl into her lap, but her eyes shimmer with unshed tears.

“Have you heard from Izu-chan?" Tsuyu asks, and although her tone is as blunt and straightforward as ever, there's an underlying worry to her tone that Eijirou and the others don't miss. "Anything from him at all?"

Eijirou shakes his head. "I don't think he was seriously hurt," he says, "the doctors are just keeping him to make sure he's okay after everything. But... I don't know when he'll come home. I have no idea."

The students fall silent once again.

And then the elevator dings once more, and out step Tokoyami and Shouji. Like the former three, they hesitate, but stop as soon as they're hailed over. Their circle expands once more. The cats don't seem to pay Tokoyami much mind, but they take to Shouji like he's their personal jungle gym. Their enthusiasm through all of this—their blissful ignorance—makes Eijirou a little jealous.

Despite the newcomers, no one says anything. The silence remains.

And then, a door opens. It isn't the elevator. It's the front door leading into the dormitory. All heads whip around in that direction, and honestly, Eijirou is half expecting to see Yaoyorozu. Or Aizawa. Or Toshinori. Or anyone else.

But it's not them. It's Inko, with a hand settled on Izuku's shoulder.

Cat bounces off Eijirou's lap, and Eijirou and the others spring to their feet and follow the dog over. Cat stops at the last second, nuzzling Izuku's hand, and the most startling thing of all is perhaps the fact that Izuku doesn't react to it whatsoever. His eyes are blank, staring forward at nothing, and honestly, Eijirou is reminded of the day they met under that cherry blossom tree. He hadn't realized how much light had come to Izuku's eyes since then.

Until now, anyway.

Eijirou moves without thinking, pulling Izuku into his arms. Cat nuzzles his hand again, and the cats are curled at his feet, meowing in half worry and half joy, but Izuku doesn’t respond. It’s like he doesn’t even notice them.

"We'll take care of him," Eijirou hears Todoroki tell Inko from what sounds like far away. "It's alright. We've got him. We'll make sure he's okay."

Eijirou doesn't remember Inko leaving, but when he finally looks up, the door is closed and she's gone.

Izuku doesn't actually speak. He seems coherent enough, and he doesn't look as shell-shocked as he did a second ago, but he still won't verbalize.

Are you okay? he asks the group after a second, and Eijirou translates so the others can answer freely.

“I’m alright,” Tokoyami says, but he says it like he’s asking a question. “However, I believe it’s fair to say none of us are... really alright.”

Izuku looks down at his feet, cross-legged beneath him. Fiddlesticks had wandered into his lap, and Teacup is happily curled on his shoulder. Rainbow is still up at the training camp, from what Eijirou remembers.

“Are you okay, Izuku?” Todoroki asks him, and like Tsuyu, his voice is low and even but not without concern. “You were the only one of us that actually wound up in the hospital.”

Izuku shakes his head. I’m alright, he says with small but steady movements. Just kind of. Coming to terms with everything. I’m not what we need to be thinking about.

The mood drops again, and the silence returns to them once again. It’s so quiet now that Eijirou can hear Fiddlesticks purring.

“... It’s my fault things turned out this way,” Tokoyami finally speaks, surprising them all. When they look at him, he turns to the floor to avoid their eyes. “If I’d been faster I would have been able to help Bakugou.”

“D-Don’t say that,” Uraraka says, shaking her head ardently. “It’s no one’s fault, Tokoyami. We can’t start blaming ourselves, we’re just going to make it harder for everyone. I’m sure we all have regrets... s-some bigger than others, but... we can’t be angry with ourselves right now. We can’t.”

Eijirou knows she’s right, but he has so many pent up feelings towards what’d just happened that he can’t quite follow her words. He’d been the one closest to saving Bakugou. Not Tokoyami. Not Shouji. Not even Izuku. It’d been him and, for the second time, he’d missed.

Izuku is still for a long moment, but then, he lifts his head towards the group. Can I say something?

“Of course you can,” Todoroki responds evenly.

But Izuku shakes his head. I want to say something insane, he says. And stupid. And dumb. And—

"Just say it, Midoriya," Shouji cuts in when Izuku doesn't look ready to stop any time soon. "Get it out there."

Izuku takes in a long breath and shuts his eyes. When he opens them in again, there's a spark of something that hadn't been there a second ago. He looks more like the Izuku that Eijirou has grown to know and love.

"What if," Izuku manages, "we save Bakugou?"

There's a beat of silence while it sinks in. And then, when it does, the reaction is immediate.

"Save Bakugou?" Uraraka repeats, wide-eyed. "You mean, as in... go to the villains and get him out of there?"

"That's exactly what I mean," Izuku shoots back, not rudely, but sharply.

"Midoriya, we all feel strongly about this," Tokoyami says, leaning forward, "but please be rational. We can't save him. We don't even know where the villains are—"

"And even if we did," Tsuyu adds, "it's against the law for us to fight villains, Izu-chan. You know that."

"I do," Izuku strains, "but look at me. Look at me."

They do. Izuku yanks back his sleeves, one at a time. Eijirou had never actually taken a close look at Izuku’s scars before, but now, for the first time, he does.

And the first thought that pops into his head is how big of an injury would it take to make such grotesque scars?

“This one, here.” Izuku drags his finger along one of the smaller, fainter scars. “During training. The villains got upset with me. This one.” He brings his finger to his face, traces a scar across his cheek. “I got punched in the face with steel knuckles. I have three stripes on my back. Knife wounds, cuts, gashes, you name it. The villain behind all this literally tore my body apart when he forced Glitch on me. I still don’t know how I survived it with my sanity. I nearly didn’t.”

Izuku pauses and takes a breath.

“... And that same guy, those same villains, have Bakugou and Mandalay.”

No one argues. The color has drained from their faces, and Izuku pulls his sleeves back over his arms and settles his hands in his lap.

“Bakugou is strong,” Izuku says. “He and Mandalay are both incredibly strong and incredibly smart but the villains aren’t going to pull punches. We can’t sit back and just hope that they don’t get annoyed with them before the heroes move. Not to mention... if All For One wanted to, he could even try brainwashing Bakugou. Forcing him to join them if he refuses. We can’t sit and wait for that to happen. I certainly won’t.”

“It’s crazy, Midoriya,” Tokoyami gets out, but even his argument sounds weak. “And even if we wanted to go through with this, how would we find the villains in the first place?”

“I don’t know,” Izuku responds sharply, “but we have to make a decision now before we can move forward. I’m going whether or not you condone it and there’s nothing you can say or do that’ll stop me. All I want to know is whether you’re with me or not.”

It’s not an empty threat. Eijirou doesn’t know what lengths Izuku would go through to keep them from stopping him. He’d brought all the USJ villains to their knees. He’d beaten Todoroki in the sports festival. He’d taken out All Might for their final exams. And even more recent than that, he brought down every villain with exception of Dabi and Kurogiri.

He’s used his Quirk on his classmates before. Eijirou knows he won’t hesitate to do it again.

“... I’m definitely in,” Eijirou says at long last, and he’s expecting his classmates to riot, but they don’t. “I was the closest to reaching Bakugou. If I can reach him again, now, then... I have to, don’t I? Besides…” He turns to look at Izuku. “I know there’s absolutely nothing I can do to stop you, so I might as well be there. Someone’s gotta look after you.”

Izuku isn’t surprised at all. In fact, it’s like he was expecting this. “Thank you,” he says, then, to the others, “Anyone else?”

“What exactly do you want to do?” Tsuyu asks, looking at him. “You wanna barge in there and take down the villains by yourselves?”

“No,” Izuku says. “That’s suicide. Even with Glitch, my Quirk doesn’t work on Kurogiri or—” He pauses, shakes his head. “It doesn’t work on everyone. It’s stupid to go in from the front.”

“So what’s your plan?”

“Go in secretly,” Izuku says, “nab Bakugou and Mandalay, and get out before anyone realizes we’re there.”

“The likeliness of that is absurdly low,” Todoroki interjects. “You can’t go into a villain’s base without expecting some kind of fight.”

“We’ll avoid it at all cost,” Izuku says, “and if it starts looking dangerous, we’ll back out. But we can’t just stay still and hope things turn out okay. We have to at least try. Even if it doesn’t work, we have to try.”

There’s another long while before anyone speaks again.

“... I will not go with you,” Shouji says at long last, “but I can make sure that no one finds out about this.”

“I’ll do the same,” Tokoyami says. “Your convictions are admirable, Midoriya, but Dark Shadow has been more aggravated than usual. I cannot risk him being unleashed in such a delicate situation.”

“I was with you from the start,” says Todoroki simply. “I’m going.”

“I’m going, too.” Uraraka nods, as though to reassure herself. “This is the right thing to do, I just feel it. If we can save them, then... t-then we have to try, don’t we?”

I’ll stay behind, Kouda says. If a bunch of us disappear at the same time people will be suspicious. Besides, you guys would be better at stealthing it than I would. I’ll have a bird keep an eye on you all.

“Alright,” Izuku says, and he and all the others turn to the final person who has yet to speak. “Tsuyu?”

Tsuyu’s head is bowed. Eijirou can’t see her eyes. Wordlessly, she moves Shiny and Diamond out of her lap and onto the floor, then rises to her feet.

“I’m sorry,” she says, “but I’m not going. And I don’t agree with your decision.”

Uraraka’s eyes widen. She looks hurt. “Tsuyu—”

“I’m not debating,” Tsuyu interrupts, fists balled at her sides. “I won’t rat you out if you actually decide to go through with this, but I’m not going to have any part in it. Please think about it some more before making your decision. For me.”

She doesn’t say anything else, and no one stops her. She turns on her heel and leaves with the elevator before they can think of a thing to say.

“... I think that’s fair,” Izuku says quietly, looking down. “She doesn’t have any obligation to go with us. If you guys change your mind or want to back out of it, go right ahead.”

“No, we’re still in it,” Eijirou says firmly, and he can tell just by looking at the others that they all feel the same. “We’re right behind you, Izuku. We’ll get Bakugou and Mandalay back.”

How is still the question that buzzes through their minds, though. They spend another good while there on the floor, surrounded by cats, trying to think of somehow, some way they could locate the villains.

And then the dormitory’s front door opens, and Yaoyorozu steps inside. Her features are drawn, brows creased, and she slips off her shoes while pulling the door shut behind her.

“Momo,” Izuku says, looking at her. “You—”

“I heard it.” The door clicks shut, but her fingers stay wrapped around the knob. “Everything you just talked about. I heard every word.”

Oh.

Uraraka bounces to her feet, looking desperate. “Momo, please, please don’t tell the teachers. Please. We have to go save them, Momo, we have to try—”

“I’m not telling anyone,” Yaoyorozu interrupts, and Eijirou doesn’t think he’s ever seen such a grave expression on her face before. “I... don’t know what to think about this. Any of this. But…”

She reaches into the pocket of her jeans and draws from it a small, rectangular device about the size of a smartphone.

“... If you hold true to your word,” she says slowly. “If you don’t engage combat with the villains... and if you promise that you’ll back out the second it starts to get dangerous, then... I’ll go with you. With a tracking device I planted on one of the Nomus.”

“Wait, for real!?” Eijirou springs to his feet, hardly daring to believe it. “You’re serious? Really?”

“Yes,” Yaoyorozu answers, but she still looks torn. “What we’re about to do is... it’s insane. I spoke with the heroes and gave them a tracker that’ll lead them straight to Kamino Ward—”

“That’s where the villains are?” Tokoyami voices, looking at her. “Kamino?”

Yaoyorozu nods. “According to my devices,” she says. “Exactly where in Kamino, we’ll have to see when we arrive. We don’t have much time.”

“So, wait—when do you wanna do it?” Uraraka asks. “How soon?”

Izuku glances out the window for a second, into the dark of the night. “... How about right now?”

Unbeknownst to them, standing in the hallway and listening in is Iida, fists clenched and trembling at his sides.

Also unbeknownst to them, a group of heroes led by All Might plans to disembark for Kamino Ward.

There’s little discussion between them as they get themselves ready. Izuku slips two knives into the soles of his shoes, and he takes his pair of simple heelys, the ones that don’t light up. He doesn’t bother saying goodbye to Mom; he doesn’t want her to know first off, and second, if it goes well, they’ll be back by this evening.

“Once we’re at Kamino,” Momo had said, “there are lots of thrift stores to choose from. We can find some disguises once we’re down there, but for now we should just focus on moving while we still can. It’s still about a two hour ride by train from here.”

Once they’re set, the group doesn’t wait any longer. Momo goes first, and following closely are Shouto, Uraraka, Kirishima, and of course Izuku, who shuts the door quietly but securely behind him. With luck, no one will notice they’re missing.

“I’ll take care of the train fares,” Momo says as they walk. “I’m not sure any of you thought about that—”

The door behind them opens. All heads whip around in that direction.

Tenya swings the door shut behind him and takes the steps in long strides.

“Iida,” Kirishima says, stepping back. “What are you—”

Shouto holds out a hand to stop him, and Kirishima stops abruptly. Izuku and the others watch him with bated breath, waiting for the explosion. For a while nothing happens.

And then, Tenya speaks through gritted teeth. “What are you doing?”

“You know what we’re doing,” Izuku says shortly.

“I know what you’re doing,” Tenya snaps, balled fists trembling, “but… what are you... what are you thinking? Kirishima... Izuku... Todoroki…” He looks to each as he says their names, desperate. “All of you, but you three especially, I don’t… I don’t understand. Why—”

“We can save Bakugou and Mandalay,” Izuku answers, patience thin. “We can save them and we’re going to do it without risking our own lives.”

“But don’t you realize that you’re risking your lives anyway?” Tenya grinds out, swinging his hands. It’s only now that Izuku realizes they’re shaking. “Going out there against the villains... you can’t…” He pauses, draws a breath. His fingers curl into fists. His head snaps up and he meets Izuku’s eyes. “You can’t possibly think that this is okay! Have you forgotten everything you told me!? Are you blind!?”

“G-Guys,” Uraraka tries, putting out her hands, “l-let’s not do this now—”

“No.” Izuku turns to face Tenya fully and squares his shoulders. “Go on. Say what you wanna say.”

“It’s against the law,” Tenya goes on desperately, voice rising. “You’re going to get yourselves killed!”

“Bakugou and Mandalay could already be dead,” Izuku snaps right back at him, “and if a couple seconds make a difference, then damn it we’re going to be the difference.”

“But you can’t put yourselves at risk!” Tenya says, voice rising. He’s angry now, Izuku can tell. So is Izuku. “What you’re about to do is suicide, and I can’t stand idle and let you do that!”

Izuku glares further and says before he can stop himself, “At least I’m not charging headfirst into battle against a serial killer. Like some people.”

He knows it’s a low blow, and regrets the words as soon as they’re out. He sees something flicker in Tenya’s eyes—pain, hurt, regret—but then it morphs into rage, and his fist flies at Izuku’s face.

“Izuku—!”

“Iida, don’t—!”

Izuku doesn’t flinch, completely ready to receive the blow. But Tenya’s fist stops inches from his face, just before contact is made.

The tension is thick. The silence stretches. Izuku can hear each of Tenya’s ragged breaths with a startling amount of clarity. Izuku’s heart pounds against his ribs.

Tenya meets his eyes again, and Izuku watches as the fury melts away. Slowly at first, then all at once. Guilt crushes Izuku’s heart like an iron fist. Tenya lowers his fist back down to his side.

“T-Tenya, I—I didn’t mean—I’m—”

“Izuku. Stop.”

Izuku’s teeth snap together. Tenya drags in a long breath.

“I’m worried,” Tenya breathes out, rubbing a hand over his face. “I know the path I went down, and I can’t bear to think of you making the same mistakes. What if it goes wrong? What if you’re cornered? What if the worst case scenario actually happens? I can’t handle—” He pauses and drags in a shuddering breath. “I can’t handle losing any of you.”  

“We’re going to take every precaution possible,” Momo says, stepping up. “I’m accompanying them for the sole purpose of ensuring they don’t fall headfirst into battle. If it gets dangerous, I’m calling off the entire mission.”

“We’ll be careful, Iida,” Kirishima says, stepping up beside Momo. “We won’t fight the villains. It’s not like the Hero Killer, I promise you.”

“We don’t want revenge,” Shouto adds, and it sounds like a promise. “We just want to do what we can to make sure Bakugou and Mandalay make it out of there alive. That’s all we want to do.”

Izuku doesn’t say anything else, and Tenya breathes and covers his face. The silence hangs over them like a dark cloud.

“... I don’t condone this,” Tenya says, shaking his head. “I don’t, I can’t, not after—not after that. But... I know I can’t stop you. I can’t stop you even if I run and tell the teachers now. So... I’m going to go with you. If just for my own peace of mind.”

Izuku and the others take a second to look at each other, but the response is unanimous.

“Alright,” Yaoyorozu says, before spinning on her heel and starting towards the massive gates leading outside the campus. It’s only 8pm, and curfew doesn’t start ‘till 10; the gates are still accessible to the students. “Come on. We need to move.”

They follow her down the road, with Tenya taking up the rear, and after a second or so, Izuku moves to flank him.

“I’m sorry,” Izuku gets out through his tight throat. “I didn’t mean to say that, Tenya, I shouldn’t have... I know you didn’t, I just—”

“Izuku, it’s okay,” Tenya replies, shaking his head. “I know you didn’t mean it, and you weren’t exactly wrong. I’m not upset with you.”

Izuku swallows back the lump in his throat and manages a nod. “Thanks. You can—you can still punch me if you want to.”

Tenya grimaces. “No, I’m not going to do that.”

“I’d deserve it.”

“Izuku, it’s really okay,” Tenya insists, shaking his head. “For now, let’s focus on the task at hand. We can talk about whatever else we need to at a later date. Alright?”

Izuku doesn’t argue. He nods, and the group moves as one, down the road away from U.A.

In a dark warehouse, lit only by the heat lamps beneath bubbling tanks of purple liquids, All For One stands by an examination table. Lying on the table is a still body; only the rise and fall of their chest indicates any sign of life.

The warehouse door swings open, and in steps the doctor, white lab coat trailing behind him. “The boy is still unconscious,” the doctor reports, crossing the room towards the villain. “We have him restrained. Would you like me to bring him out of the sedation?”

“No, not yet,” All For One answers, waving a hand idly. “Please, tell Tomura to meet me here. There is something of great importance that I must discuss with him.”

“Yes, of course, sir,” the doctor says, taking a low bow as he backs out of the warehouse. “I will return with him shortly, don’t worry.”

All For One smiles. “Thank you, Doctor.”

Lying on the examination table, eyes wide and lifeless, is Mandalay. A single tear rolls down her cheek as the massive door slams behind the doctor.

Katsuki is unconscious, roped down to a chair where he couldn’t move even if he tried. He’s been sedated since he got here; one of the very first orders of business was to make sure he stayed unconscious until Sensei was ready for him.

Shigaraki still doesn’t understand why Sensei wanted this boy, and he still doesn’t know what Sensei wants with him. Only that he’s here for a reason and it doesn’t feel quite right.

Compress fiddles with his cane. Kurogiri stands behind the counter. Dabi leans against the wall idly, flipping a coin. They don’t speak to Shigaraki or banter amongst each other. Even though more than half of their men had been convicted during the Kamino incident, there’s no change in the environment. They still don’t talk to Shigaraki.

The door of the bar opens, and the doctor pokes his head in. “Ahh, Shigaraki,” the doctor says, gesturing with a hand. “Sensei would like to speak with you at the warehouse. Please go to him quickly. Compress, Kurogiri—” The villains snap to attention, “relocate everyone to the secondary base. Sensei is anticipating an attack.”

“Oh, how fantastic!” chrips Compress, doing a dramatic little spin. “Finally, something to do! The stage is set for the heroes’ demise!”

“Just take him away already,” Dabi grunts, catching the coin after flipping it into the air. “Let’s get tonight over with.”

Compress looks hurt, but regardless, he and Kurogiri disappear with a warp gate to do as instructed, taking the unconscious, restrained Katsuki with them. While the others follow orders immediately, Shigaraki is somewhat more hesitant. Katsuki is here. Sensei had wanted Katsuki for a reason. So why is he stalling? Why isn’t he just dealing with Katsuki directly?

Shigaraki doesn’t argue, and he heads out the door. The doctor doesn’t follow him.

When he arrives there after a full walk in complete silence, he swings open the door and heads inside. Sensei has his back to him, only turning when the door slams shut.

“Ahh, thank you for coming on such short notice,” Sensei says, facing them fully. “Come, come, Shigaraki Tomura. Take a stroll with me. There is one final thing I must attend to before we can move forward.”

Shigaraki doesn’t question it. His curiosity is too strong, and he follows All For One out of the warehouse and into the night.

Finding their disguises is actually the easiest part of it. Shouto finds a wing to cover his two-toned hair, and with a quick outfit change, he’s nearly unrecognizable. Uraraka finds a modest but flattering dress in the thrift shop and pins her hair in a bun at the top of her head, a style Izuku has never seen her wear before. Momo, Tenya and Kirishima find their disguises easily enough, and soon after, so does Izuku—although his disguise mostly consists of face makeup over his scars, along with a hoodie that actually fits him and a dressy pair of slacks.

With their disguises handled, they continue down the street, following Momo’s tracking device.

“This way,” she says, and leads them down a thin, abandoned side street that screams danger with every crack in the cement and chip in the sides of the building. Onwards and onwards they go, until the noise of the city fades in their ears and they’re left on their own, navigating winding streets with only Momo’s tracking device to guide them.

And then, just when Izuku is about to ask how it’s going, Momo stops and lifts her hand to point. “There,” she says, stuffing the tracking device into a cheap purse she’d picked up from the thrift shop. “That building. That’s where the device leads.”

“Then let’s not waste any time,” Shouto says, redoubling his pace. “If that’s really where they are, then we need to hurry up before it’s too late.”

They follow Shouto towards the warehouse and circle around to look for a safe way in. The front door is obviously out of the question, which leaves them with the next best thing.

The windows.

“They’re too high to reach by ourselves,” Kirishima says immediately, not that it really needs to be said. It’s pretty obvious. “Izuku, stand on my shoulders.”

Izuku nods and steps forward.

“Dāku.”

He stops short, a monstrous chill running right down his spine. He doesn’t know what’s scarier; the fact that he hears the voice not through his ears but directly into his head, or the fact that he knows exactly who the voice belongs to.

And then, it comes again.

“I know you can hear me, Dāku. Pretending you cannot is futile.”

Kirishima, kneeling in front of him, looks back. “Hey, man, are you okay? You look kind of pale all of a sudden.”

“Sorry, just got dizzy for a second,” Izuku lies easily, but his heart pounds. “I should probably stay on the ground.”

Kirishima’s brows furrow, but he buys it. “Okay,” he says. “Uraraka?”

Uraraka nods, pulling off her heels so she can stand comfortably on Kirishima’s shoulders. Across from them, Tenya makes to hoist Shouto up onto his own shoulders, too.

Meanwhile, the voice chuckles softly in Izuku’s head.

“There’s so much I want to say to you,” says All For One in a slow, steady voice, “but this one-sided telepathy isn’t really the most suitable for proper conversations. Let’s say you meet me in person, Dāku. We can talk things out properly.”

Izuku clenches his teeth, balled fists shaking. Telepathy. One-way telepathy. Mandalay. All For One.

“Oh, by the way…” All For One goes on. “If you don’t come now... if you disregard this little message and pretend you never heard anything... I’ll kill Bakugou Katsuki, just like I killed Kowareta. And I’ll do it right in front of you and the rest of the world.”

Izuku’s heart stops.

“Now then, if you’ve made your decision, I’ll give you directions to my location. We have much to talk about.”

“Wait a second.”

Todoroki pushes himself away from the glass abruptly, bracing his hands against it for support. His eyes are wide, and he’d leaned back so far that he almost toppled right off Iida’s shoulders. Judging by the look on her face, Uraraka saw it, too.

“What is it?” Eijirou demands, worry rising in his stomach. “What’s in there? What do you see?”

“Nomus,” Todoroki breathes, pressing his nose to the glass and cupping his hands around his eyes once more. “Five, six, seven—there are so many of them, and they’re all in tanks, too. Like they’re being made.”

That’s already bad enough, but then Uraraka says, “W-Wait. I-I... I-I think there’s... there’s a person.”

The realization sinks in for all of them at once, but Eijirou is the only person who whirls around to look at Izuku. This entire situation hits home for him the closest, and with all these new revelations—the Nomus, and now this— Eijirou is worried for him.

But when he looks towards Izuku, all he sees is blank, empty space where his friend had stood moments ago.

Eijirou’s eyes blow wide. “Izuku?”

Silence answers him. But it doesn’t last.

The ground gives a sudden lurch, and Todoroki and Uraraka nearly topple over, just barely managing to steady themselves. The ground shakes again, harder this time, then harder, spaced evenly between each other, almost as though they weren’t mere shapes, but footsteps of a giant—

“Get down!” Eijirou shrieks, and just as the words leave his mouth, Mount Lady’s ginormous leg kicks down the entire roof of the warehouse.

Rubble, dust and giant chunks of cement rain down all around them. They hit the ground, putting their hands behind their heads in an effort to shield themselves, but they’re blessedly missed by every teetering chunk of cement and crumbling building.

“The heroes!” Yaoyorozu gasps, struggling to get her voice over the roaring noise. “It’s them!”

“No way!” Todoroki responds dryly, and Eijirou can almost imagine Izuku saying the same thing.

Except for whatever reason, Izuku isn’t here.

The rubble falls. Everyone is focused on shielding themselves from the onslaught. Eijirou clenches his teeth, mentally curses himself, then fires up his hardening Quirk and makes a break for it.

Izuku couldn’t have gone far. He needs to find him now before it’s too late.

The wall explodes, and in pours the heroes in all their shining glory, weapons at the ready and Quirks fired up.

But when the smoke clears and the heroes look closer, all they find is a bunch of empty barstools and empty chairs and tables.

Nobody’s here.

“They must have relocated!” Snipe deduces immediately, already turning in the other direction. “There are several more buildings nearby, maybe they took shelter in one of those!”

All Might grinds his teeth together, fists clenched, and not just because he was anticipating a fight. Every time. Every time they get closer, the villains are one step ahead of them. And the heroes, meanwhile, are taking two steps forward and three steps back.

When the group moves, All Might moves with them, leaving the vacant bar behind as they search for the villains elsewhere.

Eijirou runs through the streets, barely able to keep himself from calling Izuku’s name out of desperation. The streets are completely abandoned, and the conditions are barely even driveable. Eijirou doesn’t know how this sector of the city has existed for so long in such poor condition.

He runs, taking blind turns, searching and longing and trying to find him before the villains do, before it’s too late—

He turns a blind curve and crashes right into Izuku.

The impact sends them both flying backwards, though neither of them fall. Some of the makeup must have gotten wiped off, because Izuku’s scars are completely visible again, stark white beneath the moonlight. Eijirou recovers first, and he rushes forward and grasps Izuku’s shoulders, shaking him.

“Dude what the hell are you doing?” Eijirou demands, shaking him again. “Where did you go? What are you doing?”

“I’m sorry,” Izuku says evenly, looking down, “but—there’s—I have to—”

Eijirou takes in a deep breath to calm himself, then releases Izuku’s shoulders and stands back. “Sorry,” he says, trying to regain his composure, “I just... dude, don’t run off like that— why did you run off? It’s dangerous to be alone, we agreed we’d stay together—”

“It’s important,” Izuku interrupts, voice small. “It’s—it’s really important, Kirishima.”

“What are you talking ab—”

“Please, don’t—don’t ask,” Izuku says, shaking his head. “Don’t.”

“Okay.” Eijirou knows better than to push stuff like that. “Okay, okay, I won’t. But... if you can’t tell me what’s wrong, then... can I at least go with you?”

Izuku pauses, thinking, but then he nods. “Okay. Just, stay behind me. And be careful.”

Eijirou nods, and Izuku takes the lead.

They continue on down the winding road, in between cramped buildings and through alleyways. Eijirou is silent for a time, but eventually he can’t take it any longer.

“This ‘thing’... does it have to do with All For One?”

Izuku flinches, but nods. “Yeah. More or less.”

“More or less?” Eijirou frowns. “Dude—we promised we wouldn’t get into combat with the villains. You can’t go face him—”

Izuku swings around to meet his eyes, and he holds out his hand as though it’s a stop sign. “Kirishima, please. Just—please. You can come with me if you want to, but you really can’t stop me.”

Eijirou holds his gaze for another long moment, then nods. “... Alright. I’ll go with you.”

Izuku lowers his hand back down to his side and spins on his heel, continuing down the street. Eijirou follows him closely.

For a while, nothing happens.

And then, Eijirou calls One For All to him. Red tendrils crackle against his skin like thousands of sparks. Warm floods his veins from his head to his toes.

In front of him, Izuku stops and glances over his shoulder. “What are you doing?”

Eijirou swallows thickly, but narrows his eyes and shifts his feet into a stance.

“You’re... not Izuku.”

The person standing in front of him doesn’t flinch. Doesn’t move.

But then, a twisted smile crosses over their features, and they turn to Eijirou fully.

A knife goes flying. Eijirou activates his Quirk, but he’s not nearly fast enough to stop it altogether. The knife leaves a small nick on his forearm before clattering to the ground behind him.

“Awww, you figured it out so quickly,” Not-Izuku complains in a sweet, sing-songy voice, and Eijirou turns back to them, eyes narrowed. “What gave it away?”

Eijirou puts his balled fists in front of his face. “I knew it from the second you called me Kirishima instead of Kiri-chan,” he says. “But I wasn’t completely sure until I saw your hand. The friendship bracelet I made him. He’s never taken it off.”

“Oh, fooey,” Not-Izuku says, shaking his head. “And here I thought I was doing a pretty good job…”

“Who are you?” Eijirou demands, voice rising. “Show me who you really are.”

“Awww, but where’s the fun in that?” Not-Izuku asks, pouting. “Your friend has such a cute little face, too. All scarred and bruised. I bet it hurt when he got them, don’t you think? He must’ve looked even more beautiful then.”

Eijirou’s stomach lurches. He swallows back the acid in his throat, stands his ground, and it takes every bit of willpower not to sock this imposter right in the jaw.

“What’d you think of my impression of him, though?” Not-Izuku asks, turning to him with an even brighter grin that looks so twisted and wrong on his face. “‘Kiri-chan! Kiri-chan! Please come with me! You can’t stop me even if you tried’!” They punctuate this with a bout of hysteric, bubbly cackling.

Eijirou grinds his teeth and narrows his eyes. He’s shaking now. “Where is Izuku?”

Not-Izuku stops laughing, but not smiling. “Oh—I wasn’t lying about the first part,” they say. “Your precious little buddy’s going straight into All For One’s waiting arms. He’s gonna die, you know. There’s no way Sensei would let him live after everything…”

“He’s going to face All For One?” Eijirou repeats, glaring. “How do I know you aren’t lying?”

“You don’t,” Not-Izuku says, beaming. “But do you really want to risk that, Kiri-chan?”

He doesn’t. He can’t.

“Then stay out of my way,” Eijirou snaps, narrowing his eyes further. “Unless you want to fight me—”

A knife flies right by his face and embeds in the wall behind him. Not-Izuku, still beaming, lowers their outstretched hand.

“Your precious little buddy isn’t the only one in the world who’s good with knives,” they say breezily. “If you really want to get to Sensei, then you’re going to have to fight me.”

“Then so be it,” Eijirou says without hesitation. “You aren’t going to stop me, whether or not you have his face.”

At this, Not-Izuku tilts their head at him. The smile fades, replaced by a certain kind of curiosity.

“You really love Izuku,” they say, “don’t you?”

“I do,” Eijirou snaps, “but don’t think that just because you have his face I’m going to pull punches—”

“Do you love him enough to die for him?” Not-Izuku asks.

Eijirou is immediately assaulted with images. Memories, flashes, small moments. Stumbling about while trying to put the star stickers on the ceiling; dragging Izuku down to the soda shop for the first time; bringing home cats; naming cats; confiding in each other; and, finally, the one time he’d seen Izuku smile.

“... Would I die for him?” One For All courses through his veins like poison. He shifts one foot beside him and the other in front, balled fists held before his face. “... In a heartbeat.”

Not-Izuku grins and springs at him.

Izuku hears him and feels him before he actually sees him.

His brisk pace slows to a walk, but he doesn’t stop. He feels All For One’s presence, and when he uses as much of Glitch as he dares, he can hear the rasp of his breath.

But he isn’t alone.

Izuku follows the sound, down a thinning alleyway, down the street, away from whatever commotion is going on elsewhere. Away from the city, all the way to a tall, towering warehouse. This one isn’t like the one from before. It’s taller and higher, with more windows, all blown out with glass scattered across the ground.

The front door is wide open.

Izuku walks straight over the piles of glass and through the front door.

All For One is there, half of his face shrouded with shadow and the other half illuminated by moonlight streaming through the windows. There are tubes and wires connected to his face and shoulders that lead into a bigger mechanism strapped to his back.  At his side, in the shadows, stands Shigaraki.

All For One smiles at him the second he enters the warehouse. Shigaraki doesn’t. Even though they grew up together, even though they went through hell and back together, Izuku has never seen Shigaraki looked more devastated.

“Hi, Dāku,” Shigaraki says quietly.

Izuku shifts his gaze from Shigaraki to All For One, Glitch tugging at his chest.

“Ahh, Dāku,” All For One says, completely ignoring Shigaraki. “It’s wonderful to see you again, you know. Oh, also—” All For One holds out a hand to him, like he’s welcoming an embrace. “Don’t use your power here, my boy. I’m all too familiar with its functions. It’s a testy Quirk, Midas’ Gold... but I held it before you. You cannot stop me with it, and if you try, well... think of Mandalay for just a moment. You wouldn’t want something else to happen to her, would you?”

Izuku swallows hard, but he can’t call All For One’s bluff. There’s always the possibility that he isn’t actually bluffing. Instead of calling him out, he glares, and All For One returns it with a smile.

“Good boy,” All For One says, still smiling. “Now then. We can speak freely. Shigaraki Tomura, do you understand the reason for our meeting here?”

Shigaraki looks Izuku in the eyes and nods slowly. “I do.”

“Very well.” All For One turns back to Izuku, the tubes against his back shifting with the movement. “We have much to discuss, Dāku.”

“I have nothing to discuss with you,” Izuku says coldly.

All For One doesn’t seem irritated. If anything, he seems sad. His shoulders heave with a long sigh, and he shakes his head slowly.  

“You know something? I had so much faith in you, my boy,” says All For One in a low, heavy voice. “So much faith that you would be the one to succeed me. You were the strongest. You could withstand the most before you broke. And yet... you threw all of that away, and for what?”

“I threw it away because you killed her,” Izuku snarls back at him. “And it was the best decision I’ve ever made.”

“Oh, dear…” All For One sighs again. “You really are just as stubborn as you used to be. I hope you realize the kind of danger you’re in, Dāku. Do you have any idea the peril?”

“I do,” Izuku says. “You’re the one who nearly ripped me to pieces, don’t you remember? Or have you brainwashed yourself, too?”

“Dāku, please,” Shigaraki says thickly, voice small. “Please don’t make this any harder than it already is. Please don’t.”

Izuku looks at him for a long moment, but All For One’s chuckle draws his attention back.

“He’s right,” All For One says, and he steps towards Izuku with long, slow, deliberate strides. “I haven’t called you here to negotiate. I’ve called you here so I can put an end to it all. Your Quirk…”

He gets closer. Closes the distance between them more and more.

“I always knew you’d be able to handle it from the second I gave it to you,” All For One says slowly. “I knew you were strong enough. You weren’t like the others. You weren’t like Kowareta. And with this power... you’ve become strong. Just as I knew you would.”

Izuku narrows his eyes. “What, then? Did you really think I was going to come crawling back to you after the hell you put us through? All your sorry attempts to try and bring me back—did you ever really think I’d come back?”

“I had my hopes,” All For One admits, “but I must say that it was foolish of me to ever think that. You were the strongest of the group and easily the most stubborn. Not even your sister could hold up to you on that regard. My attempts at bringing you home were, as you say, ‘sorry.’ And I have owned up to that now.”

Izuku opens his mouth to say something else, but All For One goes on.

“However, as I said, I have owned up to them. And I can admit when I have failed. As such, a new course of action has been charted. I have redirected my path, and Shigaraki Tomura has finally found his own.”

Shigaraki stands far behind him, nose pointed at the ground, hair shrouding his eyes.

“... And now, you will fall into place as well.”

All For One stretches out his hand. His smile vanishes.

“I gave you this Quirk. I can take it away.”

Black tendrils shoot from his fingertips and strike Izuku. One sinks into his shoulder. The other sinks into the opposite shoulder. Another one in his side. One in the palm of his hand.

It hurts initially, but then the tendrils take on a stronger form and slam him back-first into the ground. Izuku scrambles for a knife, for purchase, for anything—but he can’t move.

All For One kneels in front of him and stretches out is opposite hand, towards his face. “That should keep you down,” he says slowly. “Brace yourself. If you can.”

He lets his hand hover over Izuku’s face. From his fingertips comes an airy substance like smoke. It solidifies. He gives his hand a yank like a puppeteer commandeering a marionette, and—

Izuku screams.

His vision goes white, the air is sapped from his lungs, his fingernails dig into his palms until they draw blood. There’s something being yanked and pulled at in his chest, and his heart pounds frantically against his ribs.

It stops. Izuku sucks in a long, desperate breath and chokes on it, chest heaving, throat burning. The spines keep him on the ground. All For One’s hand is still right by his face.

“I hear them, you know,” All For One says calmly. “The voices of the people I’ve stolen from.”

He jerks his hand again, and Izuku’s throat is shredded by his shrieks. It ends sooner this time, and he’s gasping and choking on the ground, clawing for something to grab onto, for anything.

“That ‘Imprint’ theory that doctors and scientists like to throw around…” All For One says lowly. “They like to romanticize it. People like the thought of being attached to their precious Quirks. They like the thought of leaving a little something of themselves inside of it…”

Another yank, another pull, another scream rips from Izuku’s throat. When it ends, he can’t breathe anymore. He can’t move.

“It almost drove me insane, actually. The voices of the lost. But I harnessed them eventually. Learned to drown them out. And soon, your voice will join the screaming masses... the echoes of lives lost and twisted. Your strongest thoughts and ambitions will mingle with the tortured screams inside All For One, and when I’m through bringing about the world I reach for, it will die with me.”

Izuku gets his breath back, somehow, and he narrows his eyes at All For One and says, very clearly, “Then die.”

All For One doesn’t waver. “Pity,” he says, shaking his head. “I was going to give you mercy and get this over with quickly, but... I think I’ll take my time with this, Midoriya Izuku. And I’ll enjoy every moment.”

He clenches his fingers once more, and Izuku is torn apart once again, screeching, thrashing, blinded by the pain. All For One stops, gives him just a second to breathe, and then he starts off again, pulling, yanking, dragging—

“Shigaraki!” The pain is blinding. He can’t breathe, he can’t think. “Shigaraki, please—!” His voice breaks off into a grating screech. Glitch thrashes within him. “Please, rememb—r-remember—!”

Again. Again. Again. His voice is raw. His throat burns.

“Please, T-Tenko—!”

“You talk too much,” All For One says. “I think it’s time we take it up a notch…”

He clenches his fingers. Izuku screams.

And then, All For One recoils abruptly. The pain stops. Izuku sucks in a long, desperate gasp of breath and coughs, eyes burning, throat tight.

Shigaraki is there, and his fingers coil around one of the massive tubes connected to All For One’s face. The tube cracks, then disintegrates.

All For One releases an indistinguishable shout. His tendrils withdraw from Izuku’s skin and into his fingertips, bloody, and a breath of relief races from Izuku’s lungs. He can think again. Pain sparks through his body, every nerve clenching and twisting, but he still has Glitch. He’s still alive.

“Izuku, run!” Shigaraki shouts from what seems like far away. “Run, get out of here! I’ll handle him, go!”

Izuku scrambles to his feet and charges towards the open door leading out. All For One swings out an arm to stop him, but Shigaraki snaps his fingers around All For One’s wrist. The villain releases a shout of pain, and Izuku trips and tumbles out the door.

Into the night he runs, Glitch fully intact, breath finally returning to him. He’s in pain all over and bleeding from his wounds, but that’s the least of his concerns right now. He still has Glitch. He can still use it.

He turns it inwards on himself and shuts down his nociception system. Namely, his pain receptors. It’s not something he’s done before, but it works. The pain is snapped right out of his body as though it’d never even been there. In this state, he can fight. Long enough to save Tenko.

Double back around, he tells himself, grinding his teeth. Double back around, go through the window, catch him off-guard—

T̞̜̯̬͕̤̗H̛͓̦R͖͎̭E͚A̟͈̝̳̼ͅT͎̱̜͓̝͓

̲͈̺̝̼T̺͔̹̟̩Ọ̯̬̫̪͡ ̨̪H͎͚̟̳I͖̗͉͜M̳̱S͙̺̪͡ͅE͍͈̼̯͔̘̗Ḷ͙͢F̵̮̯?̰͖̣̦̞̩̪?͕̦̗̤?̙͇̺̩͖̲

̩̖̦̟̪͕͎T̺H̖͎̱̪̝R̭̩͔̣E̙̥̹͙A̯̖̖̹͜T̰̼͚͕̻̕

A massive burst of blue flames explodes right in front of him, and Izuku leaps backwards to avoid it. He can’t tell whether or not he’s successful, since he doesn’t feel pain, but he feels the heat of it, singing the tips of his hair and making his eyes water.

Izuku hits the ground and skids, breathing hard. From a billowing cloud of smoke steps Dabi.

“Thought you’d get away,” Dabi says lowly, narrowing his eyes. “You’re a tricky one, Midoriya. People always underestimate you.”

Thousands of senses invade Izuku’s thoughts. Mantras of THREAT and THREAT TO HIMSELF, followed by a question. Followed by several questions, none of which Izuku can read or answer. It doesn’t affect him the same way it’d affected him at the training camp. He knows what to expect now.

But that doesn’t change how he feels.

Izuku lifts his head to look Dabi in the eyes, and suddenly it’s all too clear. He doesn’t know how he didn’t realize it before.

“... I know who you are,” Izuku gasps out slowly, throat raw. “... Who you really are.”

Dabi glares at him and sends another round of flames.

He doesn’t know what did it. But something about Izuku’s screams, something about his tone of voice, made everything come flooding back. And when it’s there again, Shigaraki doesn’t know how he’d forgotten it. He doesn’t understand how memories like that could have been taken away from him.

In the warehouse, Shigaraki stands gasping, his left hand red with blood that isn’t his. All For One stands before him, breathing hard—but then the wound on his forearm closes. He bends low to the ground; the disintegrated bits of his medical equipment gather into the air and reform themselves along his shoulder once again.

All For One stands there for a moment, breathing freely again. And then, painstakingly slowly, he turns and looks Shigaraki in the eyes. Instead of radiating annoyance, he begins to radiate blind, undaunted rage.

“It would seem you have lost your place as well... Shimura Tenko.”
Chapter 42
Notes:

    Hi guys! Thanks for all your support last chapter, and I'm sorry I'm not posting this one until now; I had a pretty bad migraine almost all through yesterday and I just, didn't feel up to posting. Depending on how the migraines pan out and stuff, I might miss a day posting here and there every now again. Sorry!! Thanks for all your support, regardless; I really do appreciate it and it makes my day. :)

    Before we dive into it, art!

    flippy7501

     

    Thank you so much!! I hope you guys enjoy the chapter! \o/

Chapter Text

“They have Mandalay, I saw her,” Uraraka whispers harshly, peering over the chunk of building they crouch behind. “They have her, she’s safe.”

Yaoyorozu, Todoroki, and Tenya look with her, and they see Mandalay, wrapped in blankets, cradled in Tiger’s massive arms. Her eyes are wide open and bank, like a corpse’s, but very faintly, Tenya can see the rise and fall of her chest. She’s alive.

“Where did Kirishima and Izuku go?” Yaoyorozu says as the smoke clears further. “They were—they were here a second ago, weren’t they?”

Tenya’s eyes go wide, and he looks around. The smoke is still clearing, and the shouts of heroes fill their ears while Mount Lady continues to demolish the warehouse and the Nomus within it, but there’s no doubt about it. Todoroki growls a low “Dammit,” under his breath.

Kirishima and Izuku are gone.

Before Tenya can react, Yaoyorozu reaches over and grabs him by the shoulder, holding him in place. “Don’t do anything rash,” she hisses, eyes bearing into his, dark and grave. “If the villains kidnapped them, we would know about it. They’re around. But going and looking for them now isn’t going to help if we don’t even know where they are. They’ll come back.”

No one is happy about it. That’s something Tenya grasps easily. None of them like it, but no one argues. In their hearts, they know Yaoyorozu is right.

Tenya grinds his teeth together, and his fingernails draw blood from his palms. As he watches the heroes ravage the building, destroying tanks of Nomus and clearing the area as one unit, all he can do is hope for the best.

Or, at least, hope that the worst case scenario doesn’t actually happen.

Izuku swings himself out of the way of Dabi’s flames, and he can’t tell whether or not he’s been injured by them thanks to Glitch turning off his pain receptors. The flames go by him, and he feels their heat close to his skin, singing his hair.

He hits the asphalt skidding, placing a hand against the ground to help stop himself. Dabi stands across from him, hand still outstretched, eyes narrowed in anger.

Izuku clenches his jaw and says, before he can stop himself, “Todoroki Touya.”

Dabi’s eye twitches.

“That’s your name, isn’t it?” Izuku rises to his feet and slides one foot out in front of the other. “I don’t know how I didn’t realize it before. It makes sense why you’d choose this path, considering everything, but that doesn’t make it right.”

Dabi clicks his tongue as though he couldn’t care less, but he’s definitely angrier than before. “That name means nothing to me,” he snaps. “I know the path I’ve chosen.”

The flames spring forth once again, and Izuku dives out of the way. He’s not sure whether or not he’s clearing them, and he’s too scared of turning on his pain receptors to find out.

Dabi is no less angry. He seems even more so. “Go ahead,” he growls. His outstretched hand still smokes from use of his flames. “I know who you are, Midoriya Izuku. The kid who single-handedly took out every villain during the League’s first invasion at U.A. The media might’ve tried covering for it, but things slip through the cracks.”

Izuku doesn’t respond.

“So why don’t you use it, huh?” Dabi says, but it’s less a question than it is a demand. “Go ahead. Do it. Torture me just like you tortured them.”

“Does Shouto know?”

Dabi’s fingers twitch. “What?”

“Does Shouto know the truth about you?”

Something flickers in Dabi’s eyes, but it isn’t guilt or regret. It’s rage. “As far as he and the rest of my family are concerned, I’m dead. And that’s what Todoroki Touya is to me, too. He's dead.”

Izuku isn’t given the chance to properly take this in. Flames come at him and he springs to the side, tucking and rolling behind a collapsed wall. He can hear Dabi’s flames crackle to a stop. Can hear his ragged breathing. His footsteps as he starts forward, slowly at first, then faster. Closer.

“Get out in the open,” Dabi snaps. Closer. Closer. “I wanna see your face.”

Izuku springs upwards. The flames blast beneath him. He hits the ground before they dissipate, and the bottoms of his shoes burn and smoke. The second he lands, he hikes up a leg and kicks Dabi in the ribs as hard as he can. Dabi stumbles back, clutching his side, but he doesn’t retaliate.

“Did you ever regret it?” Izuku demands. “Did you ever stop to think about how your family feels? How Shouto feels? Your mother?”

Something in Dabi’s eyes flickers. “Dabi has no family,” he snaps lowly. “And Todoroki Touya has been dead for years. But that doesn’t matter right now, Midoriya.” His cool, collective demeanor is gone, replaced with fury as blistering as his flames. “I know you can stop me. So why don’t you just end it.”

There are things Izuku wants to say. Dozens of things he wants to say. But Tenko is with All For One and Izuku doesn’t have time to waste here.

He can’t save Todoroki Touya yet. But he can save Tenko.

“Fine,” Izuku spits.

It’s not that Dabi doesn’t put up a fight. He swings up an arm, and the beginnings of flames spread throughout his palm, but Izuku yanks away his balance, then his sight. Dabi tips to the side, blinded, and while he’s down, Izuku lands a roundhouse kick to the side of his skull. To the ground Dabi falls, unconscious.

Izuku doesn’t wait. He turns and runs and doesn’t look back.

All For One had never scared Tenko before. Not that he remembered, at least. But now he does remember, and as the man rises to his full height before him, Tenko doesn’t know how he didn’t realize it before. His intimidating air. His sugary-sweet tone that shrouds darker motives.

Izuku was right about him. Tenko forgot.

“I’ll give you one chance to come back to me on your own,” All For One says lowly, in a voice that makes every instinct Tenko has scream run, run or die. “If you still choose to oppose me, then I will be forced to use more drastic measures.”

It’s a threat. Tenko wouldn’t have known this five minutes ago, coming from him. But now it’s all too clear. All the comforts, all the words, all the agreements he and All For One ever held between them...they were lies. Threats. “Or else” s.

He hadn’t even realized it before now.

“I’m not going to be your tool anymore,” Tenko snarls in a voice that sounds too confident to be his own. “Izuku was right about you, All For One. He was right about everything.”

All For One lowers his hand slowly. The wrinkles on his forehead even out, and his shoulders heave with a long-suffering sigh.

“Tenko, please. You’re the perfect candidate to succeed me. You’d have all the power in the world, all the strength, all the respect... you’d never know fear again. You’d never know loneliness or longing or regret. You will be revered, honored. Without rival.”

Tenko grinds his teeth.

He isn’t Izuku. He can’t stand up to All For One like he did, or even like Kowareta did, now that his eyes have been opened. Now that he’s seen all the pain and fear that All For One put them through.

But he doesn’t have to be Izuku. His decision is solid in his mind and heart.

“I’d rather be by Izuku’s side,” Tenko says, “than be the ruler of the entire universe.”

All For One doesn’t look calm anymore. It’d been another facade, another act. Something to guilt-trip him into coming back.

“Very well,” All For One says slowly, raising a hand. “Then you will suffer the consequences. Izuku is much stronger than you, Shimura Tenko. I wonder if you’d be able to handle it. A second Quirk.”

Tenko’s heart pounds against his ribs, and he sets his jaw and waits.

But then, he notices a flash by the door. Something moves in the darkness, fast and approaching. He notices it, but doesn’t draw attention to it.

Izuku leaps into the air, a knife held between both hands.

All For One doesn’t hear him.

The knife sinks right into the tank strapped to the villain’s back.

All For One howls, and a steam-like substance billows from the machine and into the air. Izuku hits the ground, buries the knife in All For One’s foreleg, then snatches Tenko by the right hand—his four-fingered right hand—and takes off. Towards the window. Away from All For One.

“C’mon, Tenko! We have to go while we can!”

Tenko looks over his shoulder, but All For One doesn’t look back at them. He can’t hear them. The villain fires a red-hot blast of something at the door, and the structure rattles and shakes, but doesn’t harm them. Somehow, they’re okay.  

Izuku leaps out the window, and Tenko leaps out after him. He stumbles, but Izuku’s hand clasped around his steadies him just in time. They run. Run. Run. They run as fast as they can and then faster. Their feet carry them down the street, away from the trembling, creaking warehouse.

“I’ll find you,” breathes All For One’s voice in their minds, as clear and vivid as though he were right behind them. “I’ll find you both. Don’t think this is the end, Midoriya Izuku. Shimura Tenko. You’re going to pay for this.”

“Don’t listen to him,” Izuku speaks. It sounds like hard work. “Don’t listen to him, Tenko, block it out—”

“I’ll kill everyone you love. Their blood will run freely, staining the walls, and then you will be sorry. Is that what it will take? Do people really have to die just because of your stubbornness?”

“Don’t listen to him,” Izuku says again, but it’s like he’s talking to himself this time. “Don’t listen to him, Tenko. Don’t listen to a thing—”

“I won’t,” Tenko says back. “I won’t. I promise.”

“You’re going to pay,” All For One says again. “You’re going to pay and you’re going to suffer. You’ll get your wake-up call soon enough, and when you do...you’ll wish you’d come back to me while you still had the chance.”

They run onwards, leaving All For One behind. In between buildings they run, taking the choppiest, zig-zaggy route possible to avoid being followed. Not that it would make a difference; if All For One had a way of finding them, taking a hard route wouldn’t even slow him down.

“You don’t know the truth about your Quirk, do you, Midoriya Izuku?” All For One asks, and Izuku flinches, but doesn’t stop. “I know you can hear me, my boy. Well? Do you? Do you have any idea?”

Tenko squeezes Izuku’s hand. “Block it out,” he says.

Izuku returns the gesture, and they sprint down the street.

All For One’s voice stops tormenting them eventually, and now they’re sitting side by side, backs pressed against the cold stone of an alley’s wall. The walls are high enough to provide cover; when he looks up, Tenko sees a cloudless, star-filled sky.

Beside him, Izuku’s chest heaves. His eyes are still bright gold, even though All For One is long gone.

“Izuku—”

“Pain receptors,” Izuku manages, glancing at him as though he’d read his mind. “I shut down my pain receptors.”

Tenko’s eyes go wide. “You can’t—Izuku, what happens when you turn off your Quirk? You’re—”

“I’m gonna be royally screwed up, I know,” Izuku gets out without breaking eye contact. “I’m okay with that. I’ve faced worse.”

Those three words, and suddenly Tenko is faced with it all over again. Every pain, every fear, every night spent holding which of them was unconscious, every day spent wondering who would be next, every day getting wounded and bandaged, every day wondering if they’d ever truly be free.

“Izuku…” Tenko’s fingers curl into fists, although he makes sure to avoid full contact with all fingers of his left hand. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you. I’m sorry I didn’t realize.”

Izuku’s gaze softens. “Tenko, don’t—”

“No,” Tenko croaks, shaking his head. “The USJ, the training camp—every time I put you and your friends in danger, without even realizing what I was doing… I kidnapped you, I let All For One hurt you— I’m sorry. I’m sorry, I’m sorry—”

Izuku places a hand on his shoulder gently. He smiles, and Tenko doesn’t understand how such a soft, genuine smile could look so broken and sad.

“It’s okay, Tenko,” Izuku breathes, but his voice cracks at the end. “It’s okay, I promise. You didn’t know, you couldn’t know, i-it’s—” His eyes fill with tears. His fingernails dig into Tenko’s shoulder. “Oh god, Tenko—”

Tenko’s arms snake around Izuku’s shoulders, and Izuku wraps his arms around Tenko’s waist and squeezes him hard enough to choke him. Tenko doesn’t make him pull away, and he doesn’t pull away himself; he responds by hugging him just a little tighter, burying his face against Izuku’s hair. It smells artificial. Chemicals.

Izuku pulls away eventually, and Tenko lets him go. They both wipe their eyes, and when Izuku lets out a breathy, watery laugh, Tenko can’t help but do the same.

Izuku is his cousin, he remembers that now. But he’ll always be Tenko’s little brother, always. And he’s finally gotten him back.

“S-So…” Izuku lowers his hands down to his sides. His eyes are still bright gold. “What are you going to do from now on, Tenko?”

Tenko takes a breath. “...I don’t know,” he admits, shaking his head. “The logical thing to do would be to go back with you and start a new life, but...whether or not I knew what I was doing, I’m still a criminal. I still led people to battle and put lives in danger.”

Izuku flinches. “That wasn’t your fault, you know that. For all you knew, you were on the right side of things. The police can’t incarcerate you for that.”

Tenko sighs and shakes his head. “It’s not just the police, Izuku. I can’t live with it.”

“... Oh.” Izuku looks down. “So... what, then?”

“I’m...going to figure it out,” Tenko says, shaking his head. “But for now...we should deal with the present. Mandalay and Katsuki. We need to get them out of there.”

Realization dawns on Izuku’s eyes. “R-Right. I need to save them. You need to get a head start.”

Tenko’s eyes widen. “Izuku—”

“It’s like you said,” Izuku cuts in, shaking his head. “You and I know that it wasn’t your fault, but I don’t know if the rest of the world would actually be satisfied with that. Even though it wasn’t your fault, even if they have those files from All For One’s doctor, the USJ, the training camp... your name is attached to all of that. Until we can figure something out... you need to get out of here. Before they find you.”

A part of Tenko knows he’s right, but he doesn’t like the thought of abandoning ship. Just when he’s about to voice this, Izuku hits him with a look that immediately kills his argument.

“You need time to figure stuff out,” Izuku says. “And you can do that. So get a head start. We’ll take care of All For One.”

Tenko swallows thickly, but he knows there’s no point in arguing with Izuku. He’s always been that way. “Alright,” he says, even though he doesn’t like it. He gets to his feet, and Izuku does the same beside him. “I’ll go. But promise me one thing, Izuku.”

Izuku nods, and Tenko settles his four-fingered hand on Izuku’s shoulder.

“... Don’t die,” Tenko says. “Be careful.”

“I promise,” Izuku says without hesitation. “Good luck, Tenko. If you ever need me for anything, anything at all... we’ll find some way to get in touch.”

“Right.” Tenko squeezes his shoulder, eyes burning. “Izuku, I—thank you. Thank you for not giving up on me. Thank you for leading me into the light.”

“It wasn’t just me,” Izuku says, and his golden eyes shimmer. “Ko never gave up on you, either.”

Tenko doesn’t know who moves first, but they share one long, final embrace until who knows when. It’s probably just Tenko’s imagination, but he’s almost positive he feels a hand on his shoulder that isn’t Izuku. A sentimental feeling. A comfort.

They pull away at the same time, and Izuku meets his eyes.

“Go,” he says. “Go and be careful.”

“I will,” Tenko returns, nodding firmly, “I promise.”

Izuku nods back, but he bites his lip right afterwards. “Tenko, there’s... one more thing.”

“Yeah, what is it?”

“I... have a favor.”

Katsuki regains consciousness slowly at first, and then all at once.

He snaps upright, eyes blowing wide, and he tries getting up on instinct. Thick, heavy chains have him strapped to a chair. He can’t move.

“Welcome back to the land of the living,” says a voice, close, and Katsuki whirls around. He feels like he’s in some kind of Frankenstein movie, because there is no way that doctor is real. He’s the living personification of a stereotyped evil doctor, and if not for the chains holding him back and the proof that this was real, he’d probably laugh.

The doctor smiles at him. “Nice cat whiskers,” he compliments.

Katsuki growls.

“Hey, don’t sound so angry,” Mr. Compress says, spreading wide his hands. Katsuki can’t tell if he wants a hug or a double high-five. “There’s no need to be so hostile, Bakugou Katsuki. You’re here as our guest, not our prisoner.”

Katsuki looks him dead in the eyes and shakes his chains about. “If this is how you welcome your guests, then I’m freaking terrified for the people who come here as your prisoners.”

Twice rolls his eyes, but turns his head to one side and says, “He’s kind of got a point.” Katsuki doesn’t know what the hell that’s all about and he doesn’t care enough to ask.

Standing behind the bar—probably the only truly threatening villain in the room right now—is Kurogiri. He makes his presence known by releasing a long, heaving sigh, which Katsuki hadn’t even thought was possible considering his body is made up entirely of swirling nothingness.

“Well, this is unfortunate,” Kurogiri says, lowering an earpiece down from what Katsuki assumes is his head. “All For One’s orders. Change of plans, everybody.”

Katsuki opens his mouth to tell Kurogiri exactly where he can stick his plans, but he doesn’t have the chance to. A gaping abyss opens in front of him, dark and intimidating, and from its maw steps All For One.

Katsuki has never seen the villain before. Only heard about him in passing. He needs no introduction, though; Katsuki knows exactly who he is from the moment he steps out of that gate. His mere presence is all the introduction he needs for Katsuki to come up with a solid thesis.

The air he emits is the same as Izuku’s, but something’s slightly different about it. Both All For One’s and Izuku’s airs radiate power and confidence and danger and control, but there is a solid difference that sets the two apart.

All For One is a villain. Izuku is not. And while Izuku wouldn’t hurt Katsuki, All For One would.

“Bakugou Katsuki,” All For One says slowly in a sweet tone that makes Katsuki want to puke. Or maybe that’s just the crushing weight of All For One’s presence doing that. He doesn’t have a damn clue. “It’s nice to finally meet you, my boy, but I’m afraid I don’t have nearly as much time here as I’d like. It won’t be long now before the heroes arrive and take over.”

Katsuki narrows his eyes, but holds his tongue. Anything he says now could lead to his death, and even though he wants to spit every insult he’s ever learned, he isn’t stupid. He knows better.

All For One must notice, because he smiles. “Smart boy, you are,” he says, nodding. A weight comes over his shoulders, and he hunches in on himself, shaking his head. “I do have tragic news to report to you all. Shigaraki Tomura has betrayed us. He is now on the opposing side.”

“Wait, are you serious?” Twice says, then looks to the side and says, “I knew it! Called it! Totally!”

“It’s true,” All For One says, nodding slowly. “Which is why, Bakugou Katsuki, I have a proposition for you.”

Katsuki bites his lip, and All For One takes a knee slowly, until they’re eye-level—except, All For One has no eyes.

“Shigaraki Tomura was my intended successor,” All For One tells him, speaking slowly and gently. “But as you now know, he has turned his heart against me. To be completely honest, I’d taken this into consideration. I always had a suspicion he would eventually side with Midoriya Izuku…”

He reaches out to touch Katsuki’s face, and Katsuki snaps his head in the other direction. All For One withdraws his hand.

“Hear me out,” All For One says. “If you—”

“Yeah, I’ve heard enough,” Katsuki growls out, unable to hold back any longer, “and I’ve made my decision. No frickin way.”

All For One frowns at him. Katsuki doesn’t know why.

“What, you want me to feel bad for you?” Katsuki snaps. “Treat you like you’re some damsel in distress? I’m glad Shigaraki finally ditched you, you bastard. Whatever happens here, you’ve brought upon yourself, and I’m not gonna be a part of your legacy even if it means ruling the world.”

All For One’s air changes. He isn’t calm and collected anymore. “...I see,” he says, nodding to himself and rising to his feet. “To be completely honest with you, I figured just as much. However…”

He extends his hand until all five of his fingertips touch Katsuki’s face.

“I need a successor,” All For One says smoothly. “Whether it be a willing one or not. And if I have to remove your memories to do so, then I will not hesitate.”

Katsuki grinds his teeth together. There’s really no question. There never was.

“Good luck,” Katsuki says, glaring at All For One from in between his spread fingers. “It’s gonna take a lot more than stealing my memories before I join you.”

All For One’s forehead wrinkles. Katsuki feels his fingertips twitch. “So beit, Bakugou Katsuki. Remember that this is your own doing.”

Katsuki snaps his teeth together tighter to brace himself.

And then a ginormous hole blasts right through the wall. In a torrenting wave, the heroes flow in, one after the other. They aren’t all here. The group is startlingly small considering the situation.

But All Might is among them, and he goes straight for All For One without so much as a second of hesitation.

“Kurogiri!” shouts All For One, putting up his fists—but before Kurogiri has the chance to react, spines shoot out of nowhere and sink into his body. Kurogiri lets out a garbled yelp; the spines convulse; the villain falls limp.

“He’s down!” one of the heroes yells, swinging around. “Move, move, move!”

Someone grabs Katsuki while the others go for the rest of the villains. All Might slams into All For One, and the two of them shoot through the building and crash through the wall on the opposite side.

“Don’t flinch, Bakugou,” the hero, Snipe, says, and before Katsuki can ask why, five loud, nearly simultaneous bangs! echo throughout the room. Sparks fly from the chains, and they fall from Katsuki’s wrist, ankles, and stomach. He’s free.

“This way!” Snipe grasps Katsuki by the wrist and pulls him away. Two other unoccupied heroes join them; a third says “We found them! Warehouse 5243, bring backup! All Might is engaged in combat with All For One!” into a receiver.

“Follow us,” Snipe says, leading the way. “You’re safe now, Bakugou.”

Katsuki glances at the gaping hole through the wall where All Might and All For One had disappeared, but he doesn’t do anything other than look. He follows the heroes out the exit while the remaining villains are apprehended.

Not-Izuku springs at him, knives slashing, and all Eijirou has to do is harden his arms before he’s able to parry the blows with ease. Not-Izuku grins at him, much too close to his face.

“You’re a lot tougher than you look, Kiri-chan,” Not-Izuku says, beaming. “But you’d look even tougher if you let me bloody you up a little. Is it true that you can harden your entire body, Kiri-chan? You have no weaknesses?”

Eijirou throws Not-Izuku back, One For All burning through his veins. His foe skids backwards slightly, blades leaving gashes on the ground, but when they raise their head, they’re grinning even wilder.

“Well, that was telling,” Not-Izuku gushes, straightening up and holding a blade close to their face, almost as though they’re going to taste it. “Or maybe you just don’t want to answer? Is that it? I’m not really all that bad, Kiri-chan, honest.”

“Stop calling me that,” Eijirou snarls.

Not-Izuku beams. “Make me.”

And suddenly Not-Izuku is right in front of him again, and there are knives coming right for his face.

No. Not his face.

Eijirou barely has time to throw up his arms to shield his eyes. The blades shatter on impact, scattering on the ground around them.

Not-Izuku springs back with bladeless hilts. Unlike before, whoever’s underneath the disguise isn’t happy now. “So you do have a weakness,” they deduce, throwing their hilts to the ground. “You can’t harden your eyes, can you, Kiri-chan?”

Eijirou doesn’t wait for them to make the first move. He springs forward with One For All flowing through his legs, and before Not-Izuku has the chance to react, Eijirou brings his knee into their stomach. With a cry, they go flying back, slamming back-first into the wall.

Eijirou is there in an instant, grasping them by the throat and pinning them to the wall. “Who are you?” Eijirou demands in a low, dangerous voice. “Tell me who you are, now!”

“My, my…” Not-Izuku grins at him, but there’s something more sultry than evil about it now. “You’re really upset about this, aren’t you? Why? All I did was borrow his skin for a bit. Why do you care so much?”

Eijirou is this close to punching their lights out and being done with it—but then an explosion rattles the ground , nearly throwing him off balance. His head snaps up on instinct, and he looks around; two fingers poke him in the eyes, and he releases Not-Izuku reflexively and clutches his face with a howl. When he opens his eyes again, blinking feverishly, Not-Izuku dashes around the corner and out of sight.

Eijirou grits his teeth, but doesn’t pursue whoever they are. If that explosion was anything to go by, there’s something far more pressing going on elsewhere.

He turns towards the direction from whence the explosion had come and takes off.

Izuku doesn’t know when he’ll see Tenko again. He doesn’t know if he’ll see Dabi again. His body was gone when Izuku and Tenko passed the spot of their squabble; Izuku has no idea where he went. And now Tenko is gone too.

That would be the worst of his problems, if not for the monstrous explosion that erupts from a few buildings down. Izuku skids to a halt and whirls in that direction; smoke rises from one of the buildings just a little ways off.

He charts a new course and runs.

“Bakugou! You’re okay!”

Katsuki is led elsewhere by Snipe, moving so quickly that he doesn’t even remember the path before them. Snipe, along with the other two accompanying heroes, turn in the direction of the shout. Uraraka, Iida, Todoroki, and Yaoyorozu sprint towards them, looking frantic.

“You kids shouldn’t be here,” Snipe says, but hands Katsuki off to them regardless. “Listen, the heart of the attack is happening further down that way.” He points. “You need to get as far away from here as you can. I will escort you. You two,” he turns to the heroes beside him, “go help the A team. We don’t have time for slip-ups.”

The two heroes sprint off, and Katsuki is rejoined with Yaoyorozu, Todoroki, Iida, and Uraraka. But something about this isn’t right. This group is incomplete. There’s no way Kirishima and Midoriya didn’t come with them.

“Where the hell are Kirishima and Midoriya?” he questions.

The looks on their faces tell him everything he needs to know and more. He feels his own eyes widen, but his shock quickly morphs into anger, and he grinds his teeth as sparks fly from his palms.

“Oh damn them.”

The shockwave is almost too much for All Might to bear, but he grinds his teeth and rides it out, fists slammed against All For One’s arms. All For One isn’t shook by it whatsoever, but the asphalt cracks beneath his feet by the force of it.

“You’ve gotten weaker, All Might,” All For One says, raising his head with a grin. “Is it possible that…? Oh, of course you did. I know exactly who you gave it to. I could call him by name.”

All Might throws another punch, and All For One blocks it again. The ground beneath him shakes and lurches, cracking further, but once again, the villain isn’t moved.

“Did I strike a nerve?” All For One asks, lifting his head. If All For One had had eyes, they would have met each other’s gazes. “How pathetic, All Might.”

“Shut up,” All Might snarls, close to his face. “You’re going to pay for what you’ve done. It’s been a long time coming.”

“Oh, you’re referring to that.”

All For One swings his fist, and now it’s All Might who blocks. The wave skids him backwards, but he ultimately maintains his composure.

All Might lowers his arms, eyes narrowed into slits. His heart pounds against his ribs like a scared, imprisoned animal beating against the bars. “Even if they weren’t related to my master...what you did to Izuku, to Tenko, to Kowareta... is unacceptable!”

He punctuates this by lunging and swinging. All For One only smiles and prepares to block. All Might’s fists slam into All For One’s forearms. It forces him back just slightly, but not enough to make a difference.

“You had no right,” All Might grinds out from between his teeth. “No right to hurt them. To hurt anyone.”

All For One’s twisted smile grows.

“You misunderstand, All Might,” he says slowly. “I have every right.”

He forces All Might back, and the back and forth continues as shockwaves shake the earth.

He’s getting closer. There are more explosions now, shaking the ground, rocking the buildings. Izuku runs faster, making sure to keep his pain receptors off. He really, really doesn’t want to know how much pain he’d be in if he didn’t have it erased.

He runs, and just when he thinks he can’t go anymore he runs faster, and faster, and faster—

Izuku turns the corner and slams into Kirishima.

They both fly backwards, and Izuku rubs his head—but he doesn’t even have time to ask what Kirishima is doing here before Kirishima suddenly takes him by the shoulders and stares into his eyes.

“What’s your favorite soda flavor?” Kirishima demands.

Izuku blinks at him, twice in rapid session. “I’m sorr—?”

“What’s your favorite soda flavor?”
“Raspberry,” Izuku answers, “but why…?”

Kirishima releases his shoulders with a huge sigh and steps back, rubbing a hand over his face. “Sorry,” he says, shaking his head. “I just—had a run-in with someone who was impersonating you. Thought maybe they’d come back or something.”

“Oh,” Izuku says, pondering this. “That...makes sense. I get it.”

Another explosion rattles the ground. They’re close enough to it that it nearly throws them off their feet. When they regain their balance, they look first at the smoke rising from a nearby building that is way too close for comfort, then turn to one another.

The feeling is mutual. They pivot and race in that direction to find out what’s going on.

Izuku can’t tell who is winning: All Might or All For One. But it’s hard to tell anything through all the dust and smoke, and every time a shockwave rushes over them, Izuku feels like he has to recollect himself.

The fists are flying. They block each other’s attacks. Buildings crumble, widening the playing field. Windows explode with shockwaves. The punches keep flying. All For One sends blasts, which All Might seems barely able to counter; but just when Izuku thinks All For One has the upper hand, All Might surprises him with another attack that sends All For One backwards.

It’s a constant to and fro, back and forth. The scale takes turns tipping to each side at different intervals. From the shadows, Izuku and Kirishima watch with bated breath, hardly daring to breathe. Kirishima’s eyes are wide with horror, and Izuku can’t blame him. While he might be better at hiding it, he feels exactly the same way.

“We should get out of here,” Kirishima breathes, looking Izuku in the eyes. “All Might has this covered, and even if he didn’t, there’s nothing we can do to help. We have to believe in him. Believe that everything’s going to be okay.”

Izuku glances down at Kirishima’s forearm, and very, very faintly, he sees remainders of the rainbow he’d drawn there what feels so long ago. They don’t have any other choice. Right now, all they have is the hope that the future is brighter than what they have now.

Izuku sucks in a long breath, and as All Might goes in for another hit, he nods. “Okay. Let’s go.”

He gets to his feet and makes to follows Kirishima.

“Midoriya Izuku.”

Izuku halts. Kirishima doesn’t notice and keeps walking. A shockwave makes the ground tremble worse than any earthquake Izuku had ever felt.

“You act smug and powerful now,” All For One says in his head, strained slightly as he holds back All Might’s blow, “but do you know where that power comes from, boy?”

Against his better judgement, Izuku turns around. Despite the fact he’s holding back All Might, the number one hero, All For One’s head is turned towards him. Almost like he can see him after all.

“...I see.”

All For One brings his fist up into All Might’s stomach, and the hero goes flying back. Izuku doesn’t even have time to register this before All Might is back, returning the gesture with equal vigor. All For One skids backwards, but keeps his composure.

“You never knew, did you? It makes sense...you never could have…all the theories about it being a mutation Quirk...all the false leads...”

Izuku’s heart begins to pound, and he doesn’t even know why.

“‘Imprint’...that romanticized theory...it doesn’t hold much weight if the second wielder of the Quirk is stronger than the first. The voice of the weaker is lost, and what then? What does ‘Imprint’ do for them if they’re too weak to make a difference?”

He throws All Might back. He isn’t looking at Izuku anymore, but his words ring clear and true, like he’s right beside Izuku.

“You probably don’t remember. It all happened so fast, and you were so young. So naive…”

“Izuku?” Kirishima is a ways away from him by now, but he’s finally realized Izuku isn’t following him. “What are you…?”

Izuku’s eyes widen. His breath gets stuck in his throat. All For One throws All Might back, and when he raises his head again, he’s smiling.

“I did a lot more than simply force a Quirk on your sister, Midoriya Izuku. I took her Quirk from her. And I gave it to you.”

Izuku’s heart stops.

He sees All For One swing his arm. He hears All Might’s shout. He sees a blast of light.

“Izuku!”

The world stops.


“You really love him, don’t you?"



Izuku sees it before he feels it. A flash of light, faster than All For One’s attack. Red tendrils. Crackling skin. Panicked eyes.

He realizes what’s happening, but he can’t stop it. “Kiri-chan, don’t—!”

Kirishima slams into him, shoving him to the side as far as he can. Izuku hits the ground, choking, scared, and—

—Izuku sees it clearly.

All For One’s blast closes the remaining distance between them and strikes Kirishima in the chest.
Chapter 43
Notes:

    Thank you for all your support! I've got nothing else to say :)

    Before we really get into it, art!!!

    ItsBy(M)e

    Thank you so much! Hope you all enjoy the chapter.

Chapter Text

He hears it. 

He doesn't just see the impact. He doesn't just see Kirishima's wide, fearful eyes, soon swallowed up by the light of the blast. He hears it, a clang! like metal against metal. A shockwave blasts him back off his feet again, and he hits the ground, wide-eyed. 

Izuku has seen blood before. He’s seen more blood and injuries than anyone his age should see. But they’ve never scared him before.

They do now.

He doesn’t realize it’s blood at first until the blast of light fades and Kirishima hits the ground and he tastes something metallic in his mouth. It’s a dark red in comparison to his hair, but once it sinks in, it resides. Deep in Izuku’s heart.

“Kirishima!”

It doesn’t sound like his voice. His feet carry him like he’s passenger and not driver. His knees hit the ground, his hands hover uselessly, and once he sees the blood he can’t look away. There isn’t a lot; the blast cauterized the wounds it made; but the burns are almost worse to behold. There’s so much blistering red and pink mingled with black and blood that there isn’t even one distinguishable wound.

“H-Hey, buddy, don’t look at me like that,” Kirishima says, voice thick and wet. Izuku doesn’t know how he’s still conscious, and when he meets Kirishima’s eyes, he sees the shimmer of waiting tears. “I don’t like s-seeing you upset, man.”

“Kiri-chan—” He feels sick, he feels sick, he can’t. “K-Kiri-chan, why— w-why didn’t you use your Quirk —”

“I did,” Kirishima chokes out. “T-This is with my Quirk. B-But, i-it’s worth it, anyway.” At this, he gives Izuku a small, broken smile, and the first of his tears streak down his face. “I finally saved you.”  

“K-Kiri-chan—” He’s blabbering now. He can’t think. “He was aiming for me, Kirishima, why did you—”

“I know he was aiming for you,” Kirishima strains, and his already fragile smile fades. “T-That’s why I did it.”

Izuku’s throat constricts until he can’t breathe. His eyes burn. Kirishima smiles at him again, weaker this time, and Izuku doesn’t know how he does that because he feels like the world around him is boiling and burning.

Kirishima reaches up and touches his face lightly. His fingers are bloody, but Izuku grabs his hand and holds it tightly between both his own.

The ground shakes. All For One and All Might are still fighting, still exchanging blows, still bringing buildings to the ground. Izuku clutches Kirishima’s hand against his heart, and his mind races. One possibility after the other assaults his brain, but nothing makes sense. It’s a jumbled mess of nothing and everything both at once and he can’t make sense of anything.

“K-Kiri-chan, I can’t—” Izuku chokes, and the first of his tears finally fall. “I can’t do it without you.”

Kirishima gives a short, watery laugh and shakes his head. “You’ll be fine,” he says, voice thick. “You’re gonna be okay, Izuku… I know you are...”

Just like that, his eyes slip shut.

And suddenly, there’s one thought that rings true in his mind. It settles in, slowly at first. Faster. Harder. Until it’s striking him in the heart repeatedly like a hot knife.

“Kirishima, h-hey, Kirishima—”

He’d been here before. Years and years and years ago. It’s the one thing he’s always been afraid of. His heart pounds harder. Kirishima's hand is limp in his.

"K-Kiri-chan?" He squeezes his hand. "Kiri-chan, please—"

Kirishima doesn't answer.

The explosions behind him fade out until they're nothing. Within him, Glitch thrashes and writhes.

A scream tears his throat.

Racing with Snipe, Shouto, Iida, Bakugou, Uraraka, and Yaoyorozu all turn towards the sound. Villains shrink back with vicious shrieks and screams of pain. The heroes fighting them barely notice, too engrossed by the tormented scream.

Across from Izuku, All For One is caught off guard, stumbling back while clutching at his head. He barely dodges in time when All Might's fist comes at his face.

“Damn you—!”

"Struck something in you, did I?" All For One asks with a smug, smug grin. "That look on your face is completely different than before. It's him, isn't it? Kirishima Eijirou is your successor."

All Might releases a cry of rage and anguish and aims another hit, but All For One counters it and forces him back. The villain’s hand snaps up, outstretched towards where Izuku and Kirishima are on the ground.

He realizes it a second before it happens.

"No—!" All Might cries, but he can't make it there nearly fast enough.

All For One fires the blast, even as Glitch assaults his senses. It isn’t the same blast from before; it’s weaker, smaller.

But it’s still a blast. Still deadly if it reaches him unhindered.

Izuku sees it coming, nothing more than a blinding beacon of light in the darkness. He sees it, but doesn't move. He knows what it means. He knows what would happen if it hit him.

But he doesn't move. He watches the light and waits for the end.

Something leaps out of nowhere and intercepts the blast.

It snaps him out of his trance, and Izuku squeezes his eyes shut and throws himself over Kirishima's body on instinct; but the blast doesn't reach them. He feels the heat from it, hears a loud clang! like the one before, and the light blinds him, but he doesn't feel it. Holding it back is the silhouette of a tall burly figure with lots of long, dark hair.

The blast dissipates. The man lowers his arms down from his face, bruised and bloody and charred. Izuku hears each pained, ragged breath with startling clarity. 

"I'll hold him back!" the man barks in a low but commanding voice, gravelly from disuse. “Run, get out of here! I'll cover for you!”

Izuku scrambles to move, taking Kirishima with him. 

Crimson Riot stands there waiting, but All Might doesn't let another blast get past him.

The scream was probably one of the worst sounds Shouto had ever heard, but the silence that followed was just as eerie. Snipe has his guns raised behind them while the students hurry on with Bakugou, but it's only when Shouto risks a glance over his shoulder that he sees them.

“Wait!” Shouto shouts, skidding to a halt.”Look! Behind us, there!”

The others with him quickly.

Izuku walks towards them, hauling Kirishima over his back. He's struggling. Tear tracks cut through the dust and blood on his face, and his eyes are gold, teeth gritted with the strain.

Shouto doesn't see the blood at first. But when he does—

His feet are moving before he's even aware of it. Bakugou is two steps ahead of him. Uraraka, Iida. Yaoyorozu and Snipe run after him. His heart begins to pound and he's hyper-aware of every beat, every breath, every footfall.

And at the same time he doesn’t feel a single thing.

A building crumbles to the ground. If not for the fact that they’re in the abandoned sector of the city, All Might wouldn’t want to imagine the kind of casualties they’d suffer.

Midoriya and Kirishima are gone. The person who’d blocked All For One’s attack when All Might fell short is gone, too. But it’s better this way. It means that All Might can give it his all. It means he can finally bring All For One the justice he so righteously deserves.

“Your entire life has built up to this one moment, All Might,” All For One says lowly, with a crooked smile. All Might stands across from him with bloody fists and heaving breaths. “You’ve had plenty of time to recover and prepare since our last meeting, and yet your successor had to jump in there to compensate for your shortcomings. Look where it got him.”

All Might’s teeth clench behind his lips.

Kirishima…

“It would seem the society you’ve been building up and rescuing is all for naught, in the end,” All For One goes on, spreading wide his hands. “That boy, Midoriya Izuku... your boy, Kirishima Eijirou... Midoriya’s sister, Kowareta... Shimura Tenko… you’ve failed them all several times over. It’s only a matter of time now. The ball was set to roll with Kowareta, and what lies ahead will surely break the people you love. It will surely break you.”

All Might lunges. All For One stretches out his hand, and All Might’s knuckles slam into his palm. Windows shatter with the shockwave that follows.

“People like you really are fascinating,” says All For One, close to his face. “You hold onto each other like you couldn’t live without them. Life’s a lot simpler when you let go of people, All Might. Maybe this is your first. Maybe this will finally teach you how to let go.”

Images and thoughts race back at him. His first meeting with Midoriya. Being introduced to Kirishima. Kirishima’s encouragements, Midoriya’s social awkwardness. The name “Shimura” placed before the names Daku, Tenko and Kowareta on that file.

All Might clenches his teeth so hard his head begins to pound. “Your words mean nothing to me.”  

He throws his other fist forward in a punch, one that All For One catches with his other hand. All Might sends a kick against the villain’s chest, and All For One releases him and skids backwards, but ultimately keeps his composure. He lifts his head.

“Do they really mean nothing to you?” All For One asks, tilting his head to one side. “Because you seem rather worked up to me.”

“Call a medic over here! Hurry!”

“Iida, Todoroki, restrain him!”

“Izuku, stop—!”

All Might goes for him again. Fist after fist. Blow after blow. All Might’s strength begins to wane, but so does All For One’s. He’s so close now. He knows he’s close. Just a little while longer.

“You won’t win, All For One,” All Might says, regrouping to get his breath back. “No matter what happens, I won’t let you win!”

All For One frowns at him. “You ‘won’t let me win,’ you say?”

He takes a small step forward, towards him.

“You’re already too late to save him,” All For One says. “You’re too late to save all of them. Kowareta has been dead for years…” Another step forward. “Midoriya is barely holding on.” Another step forward. “Kirishima will surely die.” A fourth step forward. “Midoriya may have been able to come out of his sister’s death with his sanity intact, but do you really think he can handle it a second time? Do you really think he can handle losing someone who’s just as close to him as she was? And do you think Tenko could handle losing Izuku? You tell me who the real victor here is, All Might. Or have you chosen not to see it?”

All Might comes at him again.

Sirens. Kicking. Bakugou fires an explosion at the ground with an indistinguishable screech of anguish and rage. Izuku has stopped fighting Tenya and Shouto’s arms on his. He’d stopped fighting a long time ago.

All Might feels his strength waning, bit by bit, but that’s the last thing he cares about. The world is going to find out the truth. They’re going to know about him as Toshinori, not as All Might.

But if just to defeat All For One, he’ll give that all up. He’d give up his life if it meant this villain never saw the light of day again.

His fist flies for Kirishima as he begs him to stay alive.

His fist flies for Midoriya as he begs him to stay strong.

His fist flies for Bakugou as he begs him not to blame himself.

His fist flies for his students, who he still has to teach and guide and protect.

His fist flies for Kowareta. For Tenko. For the injustices and the sufferings these people have endured at the hands of All For One.

He’s weaker than he’s ever been, but none of that matters. One For All burns through his veins like venom, stronger and hotter than ever.

He fights, and he fights for Kirishima. For Midoriya. For his students. For the people watching, whoever they may be.

He pours every bit of strength and being into one final attack. One final punch. One final moment. All For One conjures up his own attack, reinforced with several Quirks, but All Might looks on it like it’s nothing.

He throws and lands the hit.






























 

The cheering of the crowd is distorted noise in Izuku’s ringing ears.



































He sees All Might— Toshinori Yagi— put his fist in the sky.









































The crowds roar and scream their applause. All they care about is that All For One is down and he isn’t getting up again. They don’t care that All Might has suddenly become Yagi Toshinori.



































Izuku doesn’t care, either.









































He doesn’t care about anything.
































 

 

He feels Shouto’s hand on his arm. Tenya’s hand on his shoulder. Uraraka’s hand in his. Kirishima isn’t with them anymore. Izuku doesn’t know where he is.



































It’s over. All For One is finished. He’ll go to prison like he deserves. He’ll stay there for all of eternity like he deserves. He’ll stay there until the day he dies like he deserves.












































But Izuku finds himself wondering if it really matters.



































He wonders if it was worth it.











































He wonders if his life was really worth that much to Kirishima. He doesn’t understand why or how. He doesn’t understand.




































He doesn’t understand why the crowds won’t stop cheering.




































All For One is down and gone but was it worth it?







































Is All For One’s defeat worth Kirishima’s life?








































Izuku doesn’t think so.
































 

 

 

 

“All For One.”

All For One turns towards the voice. Across him in an empty space of dark, overwhelming void stands a little girl in a knee-length white dress. It looks more like a hospital gown. She raises her head towards him, brows drawn low over her bright eyes.

“Congratulations,” Kowareta says, her hands still by her sides. “You slaughtered and vanquished and in the end you’re in the same boat as the rest of us. Was it really worth it?”

“Kowareta, my dear.” All For One turns to her fully. “It’s been a long time.”

“Don’t give me that,” she snaps. “You’re acting like you’re surprised to see me, but I’ve been screaming at you for the past six years.”

All For One releases a long, heaving breath. “I understand why you would resent me,” he says, “but I really didn’t want to kill you. You were just as eligible to succeed me as Izuku or Tenko.”

“What about everyone else?” she asks. “What about the thousands of others you’ve killed? Do you feel sorry for them, or am I special because you could’ve used me?”

All For One holds her gaze. “My child…”

“Y’know something?” she says, and barks a bitter laugh. “A part of me wants to thank you. You might never have stopped if Izuku didn’t turn against you. And it’s because you gave him my Quirk that I was able to see him one last time.”

All For One lowers his head. “Kowareta…”

“Imprint sure is a funny thing,” the girl says, tilting her head to one side for just a moment or two. “You’ve been ignoring it up to this point. Driving yourself mad with all the voices in your head until you finally ignored them. I’m glad I made an imprint on you, All For One. Because now you have to answer to me. And answer to the thousands of other people you’ve killed.”

“I do regret your death,” All For One insists. “I do regret killing you, my child—”

“But only because I could have been useful to you.” She isn’t shocked or surprised. She speaks as though this is a fact she’s long since accepted. “... No one’s going to miss you, All For One. You’re just another villain to them. The only ‘legacy’ you’ll have is as the villain that All Might defeated.”

“Defeated…”

Kowareta looks him dead in the eyes, and All For One lets loose a low chuckle before drawing a breath and shaking his head.

“My child, I haven’t been defeated. I may be more dead than alive, but ‘defeated’? That, I am not. You see... the seeds have been sown. The hero society will crumble from the neck down, and it’ll start with your precious brother and the people closest to him.”

“Really?” Kowareta’s glare darkens. “If you think Izuku is going to break, then you haven’t met my brother.”

“I’ve met him,” All For One responds coolly. “I’ve spoken with him. I’ve tortured him. You forget, Kowareta, that whether or not you appreciate or accept it, I did raise the three of you.”

“You murdered me,” she says plainly, like it’s as easy a thing to say as “pass the salt.” She laughs. “You really like glazing over that, don’t you? Do you have any idea how many Quirks you’ve stolen? How many people you’ve killed?”

“I have a good idea,” All For One says, “yes.”

Something dark crosses over her eyes. Her demeanor changes.

“... Maybe you should be a little more scared, then.”

Kowareta steps towards him, and behind her marches several figures from the darkness. Fuzzy. Distorted. Kowareta is the strongest and most prevalent of them all. The strongest Imprint.

“The rest of the world doesn’t have to deal with you anymore,” she says, “but you’re not off the hook. The world isn’t going to miss you, All For One. No one pities you. You’ve stolen and you’ve killed and you’ve done it gladly. Like it was some favorite passtime of yours. And now…”

She stops just in front of him. The last time he’d seen this look in her eyes was when she’d refused to kill Tanaka. Fearless. Defiant. Furious.

“Now, you’re going to answer to us.”
Chapter 44
Notes:

    I was gonna respond to comments, but I figured it would be better if I just let the chapter speak for itself. Hope you guys enjoy it.

Chapter Text

Momo’s hand is on his arm, pulling gently. “Izuku, c’mon. We’re going to follow the ambulance to the hospital. It’s not that far away.”

She doesn’t know how she gets him to move, because no one else has. Ever since he stopped struggling against Iida, ever since the medics took Kirishima away, all he’s done is stare aimlessly into space like there was something there to look at.

But she tugs him, and when the others start moving, he moves too. She lets him hold and squeeze her hand.

It’s all too damn much to take in. All Might has been hospitalized with substantial but minor injuries; his true form has been showcased to the world; Dabi, Shigaraki, and Toga are missing; All For One is dying in Tartarus; the rest of the League has been successfully apprehended; and Shouta finds himself taking quick, deliberate strides up the front porch of the nearest hospital. He isn’t nearly running, but a part of him desperately wants to.

The automatic doors open for him and he hurries inside. Considering what’d just happened, the waiting room is startlingly empty. All Might and All For One had taken their fight to the abandoned sector of the city, and thereby, hundreds of casualties were avoided.

It isn’t hard to find who he’s looking for. Sitting on the floor in the corner of the room is Midoriya, with his knees drawn against his chest, staring forward at nothing. His arms are bandaged, and there’s a patch of gauze taped over his cheek. Todoroki sits beside him in a similar position, although he has a hand settled on Midoriya’s forearm.

Todoroki notices him first. Midoriya doesn’t seem to notice him at all. “Aizawa-sensei,” Todoroki murmurs, and Shouta nods and kneels in front of them. Midoriya’s eyes flicker up to him for a second, but it doesn’t last long.

Shouta knows what happened. He knows the kids had run off in a feeble attempt to save Bakugou, and he knows what happened to Kirishima, but that’s all. Nothing beyond that. While he’s angry at them for breaking orders, and he’ll have to reprimand them later, now isn’t the time.

“Where are the others?” Shouta asks.

“The doctors wanted to check on Bakugou,” Todoroki answers, very business-like (though it’s probably just a facade). “They made everyone else leave.”

“So, why…?”

Todoroki glances at Midoriya. “They couldn’t get him to go, and he stopped talking completely. Eventually I said I’d stay with him. We’ve been here ever since.”

Midoriya lifts his hands and Signs something. Shouta wishes he’d learned Sign Language.

“He says ‘they won’t let me see him,’” Todoroki translates, before swallowing hard. “It’s...pretty much all he’s said. Since we got here.”

Shouta nods slowly. He feels like someone just punched him in the neck. “Where is Kirishima? Is there any news?”

Todoroki shakes his head. “The doctors have him in the ICU. They haven’t told us anything and they aren’t letting anyone see him, but...”

His voice trails off. Shouta doesn’t need anymore information.

“Todoroki, go home,” Shouta says. “Your family home, U.A., it doesn’t really matter. You shouldn’t be here right now.”

Todoroki opens his mouth to object, but Shouta cuts in again.

“I’ll stay with him. Go home.”

Todoroki’s teeth snap together. Whatever argument he’d been about to give dies. He nods, the movement small and stiff, and slides his hand down Midoriya’s forearm and squeezes his fingers. After that, Todoroki rises to his feet. Shouta rises with him.

“Keep in touch,” Shouta tells him. “Give me a call if you need anything, alright?”

Todoroki gives him a funny look—one Shouta can’t quite figure out—but he lowers his head and nods. Shouta watches him until he disappears out the automatic doors.

Midoriya still hasn’t moved. Shouta takes in a long breath, then sinks down beside him, taking up Todoroki’s previous spot on the floor. Midoriya doesn’t look at him.

“You can’t stay here forever, kiddo,” Shouta says, shaking his head. “I don’t think Kirishima would appreciate it if you did this, do you?”

Midoriya swallows thickly, and before Shouta can go on, he pulls his phone from his pocket and types out a quick message. There’s a whoosh from Midoriya’s phone, then a ding! from Shouta’s. Shouta pulls the device from his back pocket.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Kirishima isn’t here right now, though, is he?

Shouta takes in another long breath. “Midoriya, Kirishima is going to be okay. They’ve got the best doctors helping him right now, you know that.”

But Midoriya’s thumbs fly across the screen, and Shouta’s phone dings again.

[Midoriya Izuku]
You don’t know he’s going to be okay.

“Do you know that he isn’t?”

Midoriya’s fingers tap away at the keypad. It takes a lot longer this time than it did the past two times.

[Midoriya Izuku]
I listened in on the doctors for an hour after we got here. They don’t think he’s going to make it. They said that at this point it could go either way. They’re going to keep him in the ICU and they don’t know how long he’s going to be there.

[Midoriya Izuku]
They won’t let me see him.

[Midoriya Izuku]
I have to see him.

“And you will,” Shouta says, gently, but firmly. He only hopes he’s right. “Kirishima is going to pull through this, and you’re going to pull through this, too. You’re both going to be alright.”

Midoriya swallows hard. His fingers tap at the screen slowly.

[Midoriya Izuku]
How do you know?

“Because I know my students,” Shouta says, and he really hopes he’s being honest and not just spitballing because he can’t tell one from the other anymore. “You and Kirishima are gonna be just fine.”

Midoriya lowers his phone into his lap and stares out into space again for a long moment. Before Shouta knows what’s happening, he tips to the side, and his head lands on Shouta’s forearm. Shouta stiffens at first, but reaches over with his other hand and pats Midoriya on the head softly.  

“You’re gonna be okay, kiddo,” he says, before taking a breath to help calm himself. “You’re gonna be okay.”

Midoriya shuts his eyes and doesn’t move.

For a little while, Shouta thinks that maybe he’s fallen asleep; except, this hope is dashed when the automatic doors slide open once again to reveal a frantic man and woman. Shouta doesn’t recognize them, but Midoriya shoots upright the second they arrive, which speaks numbers.

They don’t seem to notice Midoriya whatsoever, which makes sense considering he’s sitting in the corner of the room and not on a proper chair. The couple goes straight to the receptionist’s desk and starts talking. From where he’s seated, Shouta can’t make out their words.

A doctor emerges from the hallway and approaches them. He speaks in a low voice, and the man and woman listen anxiously. It finally clicks for Shouta, who these people are, why Midoriya knows them, and why they’re here. He wishes he hadn’t realized.

He glances at Midoriya. His eyes are bright gold.

A pit forms in his stomach, and Shouta activates his own Quirk and shuts off Midoriya’s as easily as flipping a lightswitch. Midoriya’s eyes fade into green, and his head snaps around towards Shouta.

“Don’t listen,” Shouta says. “You don’t need to hear everything right now. I know you’re worried, but you’re going to end up hurting yourself. Stop it.”

Midoriya’s eyes go to his shoes, but they don’t turn gold again. The doctor turns away and gestures at the couple to follow him, and they all disappear down the hallway.

The silence stretches. Shouta hesitates a moment, then settles an arm around Midoriya’s shoulders, loosely in case he wants to pull away. He doesn’t; instead, he leans into Shouta’s side, and together they sit on the floor in the corner of the waiting room.

The automatic doors slide back, and Inko rushes inside.

Midoriya is on his feet and moving almost the second she’s inside, and Shouta rises to his feet and follows him over. Inko quickens her pace, and her arms go around Midoriya’s shoulders tightly while his arms wrap around her waist.

Inko meets Shouta’s eyes over Midoriya’s shoulder, and the look on her face really says it all. She knows what’d happened. Shouta isn’t sure there’s anyone in Japan who doesn’t.

Eventually, she returns her focus to Midoriya and pulls him away from her, holding him by the shoulders. “We’re going to go home,” she says, brushing his hair away from his eyes. “To my building at U.A. Okay?”

Midoriya swallows hard and Signs something that Shouta can’t see or understand. Inko gets it, though, and she nods, straightens up, and settles an arm around Midoriya’s shoulders.

She sends a look of gratitude Shouta’s way before turning away and guiding Midoriya and herself away. Out the doors of the hospital and out of sight they go.

Shouta stands there for a little while longer and takes in a deep breath. What a damn mess.

He’s about to leave (for where? He doesn’t know), but the doctor from before reemerges from the hallway, without the two he’d gone with. The doctor meets his eyes, and when he starts toward him, Shouta meets him halfway.

“Aizawa Shouta,” the doctor guesses, but he already knows the answer. “You’re the homeroom teacher of Kirishima Eijirou?”

Shouta nods, and the doctor lets loose a long, heaving sigh.

“I’ll be frank with you,” he says, glancing down the hall a second before turning back to him. “We’ve done whatever we can for him right now, but I don’t have any good news other than that he’s stabilized. I don’t know what else to tell you other than pray to whatever deities you believe in.”

Rainbow is in the car waiting for him when he gets in there. Izuku slides into the passenger seat and yanks her into his arms immediately, cutting off her surprised “meow” in the process. Inko closes the door behind him and heads to the other side of the car, climbing in the driver seat herself. Once she and Izuku are both buckled in, she starts the vehicle and pulls out of the hospital parking lot, heading down the street towards U.A.

There are two black SUVs accompanying their car; a couple police officers and heroes designated by Naomasa to make sure they reached their destinations safely in this trying time. Inko thinks it’s unnecessary; with most of the League incarcerated and their main powerhouse in Tartarus, it doesn’t make much sense for them to launch an attack so soon after.

But she appreciates it either way. One can never really be too cautious these days.

Izuku says nothing to her the entire drive. She thinks she sees him raise a hand every now and then as though to start a conversation, but he never does, and she never pushes him.

She parks the car outside U.A.’s front gates, as do the SUVs. She gets out of the car and goes to the other side to get Izuku, but he’s already let himself out. He has Rainbow clutched against his chest, and she bumps his chin and rubs her face against his cheek.

Inko is about to turn and guide him towards her home on-campus, but he reaches out and touches her shoulder lightly.

Dormitory, he spells out with one hand. My room. Alone.

He’d used to do this before, with that blanket-filled closet back in their old apartment. If he was overwhelmed or just needed an escape, he’d go there and stay there until he was ready.

This is like that. She can tell just by looking at him.

She nods, bends down to kiss his forehead, and they head in opposite directions. The first thing Inko does when she steps through her front door is pull out her phone and send a message.

[Midoriya Inko]
You already know this, but I’m here if you need me.
I love you, sweetheart <3

A couple moments pass.

[Izuku]
i love you too mom

Izuku speaks to no one when he enters the dormitory. It’s like he doesn’t even notice them. Tenya, Yaoyorozu, and Uraraka arrived here first after the battle, and were immediately swamped by the classmates who’d stayed behind.

“Holy crap you guys, I saw it on the news—!”

“We saw you guys in the background with Bakugou—!”

“Is Kirishima okay? We heard a report on it but they didn’t say anything else—!”  

It’d been too much. Yaoyorozu got them all to back off, and luckily, they were sensible enough to drop it. Satou went to make tea, and Hagakure and Ashido willingly followed him into the kitchen. The rest of them occupied themselves with pointless, meaningless things with no heart behind it.

Todoroki arrived about half an hour later, head down, dragging his feet. All he said was that Izuku was still at the hospital before heading into his room and leaving the rest of them behind.

Another half an hour after Todoroki came Bakugou, who said absolutely nothing and took the elevator up. No one stopped him. No one questioned him.

And then finally, Izuku arrives.

It’s like an audible cloud falls over the room when he steps inside, and Tenya can feel his demeanor, radiating an entire torrent of emotions that hits him much too hard considering they don’t belong to him. Rainbow is tucked in Izuku’s arms, but his hands are still. He isn’t petting her like he usually is, and the pen art on his skin seems somehow darker than before. Shadowed.

He doesn’t speak to them, and they don’t speak to him. The only person who looks like he might is Kaminari, but Todoroki catches his gaze and shakes his head before he can get a word out.

A part of Tenya knows this isn’t his fault. He knows what his classmates, what anyone would say to him if he proclaimed that it was. He knows it isn’t. Some part of him does.

But he’s supposed to lead them. He’s supposed to protect this class. His friends. He’d been put in charge of them because Kirishima thought he deserved it. Because Kirishima trusted him.

Kirishima.

Tenya knows what his classmates would say if he voiced how he really felt.

So he keeps it to himself.

“Midori-chan. ...Midori-chan?”

Tsuyu knocks on his door slowly. Her fist feels like led, and her heart is tight.

“...You don’t have to come out. You don’t have to talk to me. B-But...if you want to, then...I would really like to talk to you.”

She isn’t expecting an answer. She doesn’t know why Izuku would want to see her of all people.

But just as she’s about to give up and turn away, she hears the door click. She and Izuku meet each other's eyes.

They sit on Izuku’s floor in his room. Izuku has his phone in his lap. Tsuyu has hers. The cats are all in Izuku’s room, either on his bed or prowling the floor. Cat is lying at Izuku’s side, sprawled on his side, but even he seems worried.

Tsuyu swallows hard and wipes her nose with the back of her hand. “Midori-chan, I-I—”

Her phone dings.

[Izu-chan]
You can still call me Izuku

She looks at him. He doesn’t look back.

“Izu-chan, I—when you went after Kirishima-chan, to try and get him back, I-I—” Her throat constricts. She sniffs and swallows hard. “I’m sorry I wasn’t there. I’m sorry I didn’t go with you all. I-I was mad at you, I thought you were being stupid, I thought it was wrong and I was angry. I didn’t try telling you not to go, I didn’t try talking you out of it, and I didn’t even try to go and help. I could’ve stopped a lot of things, Izu-chan, I could have—”

Her phone dings. She reads the message through blurry vision.

[Izu-chan]
It isn’t your fault.

“I could have done something, though,” Tsuyu argues, trying to hold back her tears. Her eyes are burning. “I could have done something, I could have said something, I could have told the teachers and I could have stopped what happened if I’d just— been there. Told you no.”

[Izu-chan]
Tsuyu please
Please don’t do this

She lifts her head, and he finally meets her eyes. It’s only now that she notices he’s holding back tears, too.

[Izu-chan]
Don’t do this.
It isn’t your fault.
Don’t blame yourself.
Please don’t blame yourself.
You weren’t there. 
There was nothing you could have done.

“Izu-chan—”

Her argument falls apart. She knows he’s right but that doesn’t change how she feels inside. She knows it isn’t her fault in her head, but her heart spins a different story.

In the end, all she can bring herself to say is, “I’m sorry.”

Izuku scoots towards her, and the next thing she knows they have each other in their arms, holding tightly. She doesn’t know if it was her or Izuku who made the first move, but she supposes in the end it doesn’t really matter.

Her tears finally fall, and so do Izuku’s.

Shouto stays in the common room with the others for several hours after Izuku came home. Tsuyu returns, red-eyed and wiping at her face, but nobody comments. She sits down to join a card game with Uraraka and Yaoyorozu. None of them seem super focused on the game.

Jirou sits off to the side, alone, one earjack in the wall (for whatever reason) and her other plugged into her phone. She’s tapping away at her phone idly, no doubt playing some kind of a game to occupy herself; but then she perks up abruptly, fingers going still. She looks towards the elevator, then rises to her feet, retracting her earjacks as she goes.

Before he can stop himself, Shouto jogs to flank her. “What’s going on?” he asks, careful not to draw the attention of anyone else. “What’s wrong?”

“Follow me,” she says, and makes for the elevator without further explanation. Shouto doesn’t care; he follows her into the elevator, and she punches the button of the fifth floor. The only person on the fifth floor currently is Izuku.

Jirou steps out of the elevator and heads down the hall towards Izuku’s bedroom door, but she slows down before she quite reaches it. Beside her, Shouto slows down likewise.

“Listen,” Jirou whispers.

And Shouto does, and he hears it. Muffled because there’s a wall and a door between them, but he hears a guitar being strummed and plucked. Shouto doesn’t recognize the tune, but it’s a slow, simple kind of song, with no melody or complicated notes. It’s simple, it’s gentle, it’s straightforward,

and he realizes a second later that it’s Izuku who is playing.

Jirou sinks to the ground, her earphone jack embedded in the wall, and Shouto sits down beside her. Even with the wall that separates them, Shouto can hear every strum with clarity. And he can hear the emotion behind it. Soft, gentle. Not without mistakes, but perfect in its imperfection.

They listen for a while longer, until the song finally comes to an end. Shouto listens closer, pressing his ear against the wall to see if it’ll start up again, but it doesn’t.

He turns to Jirou, but her expression is totally different from his. Her eyes have widened slightly, and she has a hand pressed against the wall right beside her earphone jack.

“What’s wrong?” Shouto asks as loudly as he dares.

Jirou swallows hard. “He’s... crying.”

It doesn’t feel right to say anything. Barging in there now, confronting Izuku about this, even if it’s for the intention of helping him, doesn’t feel like the right thing to do. While he might want to, Shouto knows he shouldn’t.

So he goes to bed that night with a hole in his heart and what feels like the weight of the entire world on his shoulders.

He doesn’t sleep. He shuts his eyes and he counts sheep; he listens to relaxing music; he rolls over on his side, his stomach, then his back again; but he can’t fall asleep. Even though he’s exhausted and drained he can’t get a wink in.

And then there’s a small, hesitant knock on his door.

Shouto opens his eyes and snatches his phone off the ground beside him. It’s about two in the morning according to the clock, and he pushes himself to his feet and uses his phone light to guide his path. He doesn’t even need to wonder who’s at his door.

He opens it, and sure enough, there stands Izuku. Cat is right by his side, and he has what looks to be at least five cats cradled in his arms. The rest of them trail behind him on the floor.

Izuku doesn’t say anything. His eyes go to his feet, and he twists the ball of his foot against the ground slowly.

“You can stay with me,” Shouto says without thinking, and a part of him is relieved Izuku had come here. When Izuku doesn’t move, Shouto backs out of the doorway for emphasis. “It’s fine. Come on. Leave the door open for the cats.”

He turns and crosses the room, and Izuku’s soft footsteps trail behind him. He leaves the door ajar for the cats to come and go, lowering the five from his arms onto the floor once he’s inside. Shouto grabs a blanket from the closet and tosses it onto his futon, and just when he’s about to open his mouth and speak, his phone dings.

[Midoriya Izuku]
I can sleep on the floor. I don’t mind.

“You can if you want to,” Shouto says, “but I really don’t mind you sleeping on the futon with me, either.” To be honest, Izuku is one of the only people in the world Shouto trusts; having him close wouldn’t be bad at all. “It’s a lot more comfortable than the floor, I’m sure.”

Izuku doesn’t seem immediately convinced, but when Shouto settles himself back under the covers, he finally relents. He patters across the room, and Shouto lifts the blanket for him to crawl under. Izuku doesn’t curl against him at first, but when Shouto touches his shoulder lightly, he moves closer until his head is on Shouto’s shoulder.

Shouto releases a long breath. For a moment, he thinks of Jirou’s words, All Might’s end, Kirishima’s predicament, but puts it out of his mind as soon as he can. The less he thinks about that—the less he thinks about anything —the better.

The next teacher meeting is one that is startlingly quiet. Usually you can't get someone to shut up during these things; and yet, the meeting has been officially in session for five minutes and no one has said a word. Shouta would usually relish the silence, but this time, it instills within him an intense feeling of dread.

“...We have classes 1-A and 1-B scheduled to take their provisional licenses two weeks from now,” Midnight speaks, addressing the elephant in the room as she raises her head to assess the group. “But now might not be a good time for that after all. Should we reschedule for next spring?”

“No,” Shouta says quickly as several teachers open their mouths. “No, we definitely shouldn’t reschedule it.”

“That seems rather insensitive to the students,” Cementoss comments with a wince and a shy raise of a hand. “After everything these kids have been through—”

“I don’t speak for Blood King, but I know my students,” Shouta interrupts. “What they need to do is set their minds on something different. They need something to preoccupy them so they aren’t drowning in these circumstances.”

"I agree," says Blood King with a firm nod. "My students weren't nearly as effected as yours, Eraser, but they definitely could use something else to focus on."

Nedzu folds his hands (paws?) on the table in front of him and gives a grave nod. “What happened to Kirishima is a tragedy," Nedzu says, “but regardless, we must move forward.”

“Regardless,” he’d said. Kirishima was just “regardless.” A part of Shouta wants to punch that stupid rat in the face purely because he has no idea what the 1-A students are going through, but he restrains himself. Barely.

"Then we'll keep the schedule," Mic surmises, nodding. "In two weeks they'll take their exams."

"With that settled," says Nedzu, straightening up, "I think we’re done here. Dismissed.”

The meeting closes and the teachers disperse. Shouta himself heads towards Heights Alliance to see how his students are faring.

Toshinori still isn't here, recovering in the hospital from his battle against All For One. Shouta hasn’t seen or heard from him since that night. If not for the fact that Shouta is needed far more here, he would pay the hero a visit.

But—

"I don't think he's eating," Iida tells him almost the second he steps into the dormitory. “I tried bringing him something earlier, but he’d locked his door. I've thought of using the master key, but…”

Shouta nods in acknowledgement, already approaching the elevator in long strides. "Thank you, Iida. I'll try talking to him."

"Let me know if there is anything else I can do," Iida replies.

“Thank you. I’ll take it from here.”

Iida nods, and Shouta steps into the elevator and punches a button. If he's unsuccessful with Midoriya, he'll be contacting Inko next.

He steps out of the elevator at the fifth floor and starts down the hall to Midoriya’s room. The door is shut, and he doesn’t need to try the knob to know that it’s locked.

"Midoriya?" Shouta knocks on the door. His own master key sits heavily in his pocket. "Midoriya, you have to eat. You could text your classmates to grab something for you. I don’t really care how you go about it, but you have to eat.”

Still nothing. Shouta purses his lips.

"Midoriya. Either you say something now or I'm coming in."

Still nothing. There's a chance he's asleep, but with everything that's happened, Shouta seriously doubts it.

He gives Midoriya another minute to respond; and then, “Okay, Midoriya, I'm coming in now."

He unlocks the door and swings it open.  

The room would be dark, if not for all eight of Midoriya's night lights. The lava lamp on the desk glops and shimmers; the glow in the dark paint is further amplified by the multi-colored night lights.

But the bed is empty. There isn't even a single cat in sight, and Cat is unaccounted for, too.

"Midoriya?"

The balcony door is locked from the inside, which means he's still in the room somewhere. But he isn't on the bed and there aren't a lot of places for him to hide, so—

That's when he hears it. A small, almost inaudible whimper. And it'd come from the closet.

Shouta arrives there in two short strides and pulls open the door before he can rethink it.

Midoriya is on the floor, surrounded by blankets and all of the sleeping cats. Cat is in his lap, relaxed but whining softly; Midoriya is stroking his fur with trembling fingers.

“Midoriya, what are you doing in here?” Shouta asks when Midoriya doesn’t acknowledge his presence. “Why are you—”

That’s when he sees the empty syringes. Three of them, tucked in the corner of the closet in a neat little pile. Shouta stares at them for a while longer as it all sinks in; then he turns towards Midoriya sharply. He doesn’t know how he didn’t notice before, but there’s a noticeable flush to the boy’s cheeks.  

“You’re sick.”

Midoriya still won’t look at him, but his lack of response may as well be just the answer he needs.

Iida had told Shouta of Midoriya’s haphazard Quirk and how it unleashed itself against his conscious will when he was sick, and while Shouta hadn’t brushed it off, he hadn’t put a whole lot of thought towards monitoring Midoriya when he should’ve.

It sinks in fully, though. The suppressants, his Quirk, his silent treatment—

Shouta kneels in front of him and grasps him by the shoulders. “How many suppressants did you use?” he questions. “How many did you take and how long has it been?”

Shouta sees him gulp, but he shakes his head.

“Midoriya, you need to tell me. Right now.”

His eyes are green, which means he must have taken one recently. But the gold is coming back. Maybe an hour ago?

Midoriya taps him on the shoulder and traces something onto the floor once he has Shouta’s attention. It takes a couple tries.

Twelve. Twelve what?

“Twelve hours,” he guesses. Midoriya makes a see-saw motion with a hand. “You’re not sure. But around twelve hours.” Midoriya nods. “How many?” 3. “When was the last time you took one?” 1.

“You can’t take that many in such a short period of time,” Shouta says, abrasive only because he’s worried. “You’re going to destroy yourself, Midoriya, you can’t do that.”

Midoriya sniffs and shakes his head. He doesn’t speak, but Shouta can tell just by looking at his face that he’s sorry.

Shouta heaves a long sigh and releases Midoriya’s shoulders, sitting back against the closet’s opposite wall. “You haven’t been taking them as much now as you used to,” he murmurs, pinching the bridge of his nose, “so you should be okay. But you really should have told me you were sick. I would have been able to keep your Quirk at bay without you going through this.”

Midoriya looks down at Cat in his lap, and the dog raises his head just enough to lick his chin. Midoriya recoils in surprise, but ultimately settles down and strokes his fingers through Cat’s fur again.

“Well.” Shouta rises to his feet. “I’ll be right back. Gonna find a thermometer or something. Stay here and don’t touch your Quirk suppressants again, alright?”

Midoriya nods stiffly, and Shouta steps around three sleeping cats and heads downstairs. The students all have their own personal bathrooms in their dorm rooms, but there’s also general one on every other floor with basic medical supplies. He returns to Midoriya’s room roughly two minutes later with a thermometer.

He sits across from the kid in the cramped closet, carefully moving two cats out of the way so he can sit down. The cats in question hiss at him and scamper over to Midoriya instead, and while Shouta would usually feel betrayed, he’s too worried to think much of it.

“Here.” Once he’s seated, he turns on the digital thermometer and passes it to Midoriya. “You know what to do.”

Midoriya nods and takes it from him, sticking the tip under his tongue. They wait in silence for the beep, and when it comes, Midoriya hands it back to him without looking at the reading.

39.9

Shouta sighs and sets the device off to the side. “Yep. Definitely a fever. I don’t know why your solution was to lock yourself away when there are so many people who can help you.”

Midoriya bites his lip and averts his gaze. After another moment, he digs through the blankets for his phone, and once he finds it, he taps out a message.

[Midoriya Izuku]
I didn’t want to be around anyone else.

That’s fair. “Still,” Shouta says, shaking his head, “you should’ve come to me about it. Even if you didn’t want to be around anyone else, I could at least turn your Quirk off.”

[Midoriya Izuku]
It doesn’t stay off. You’d have to keep turning it off every so often.

“Then I guess I’m just gonna have to stay here,” Shouta says, looking up from his phone.

Midoriya’s eyes go slightly wider, and his fingers go flying across the screen, but Shouta reaches out and gently takes the phone from his hands. Midoriya reaches for it for a second, but gives up quick.

“Listen.” Shouta darkens the screen and sets the phone to the side with the thermometer. “I know you hate it. And I know you don’t want to be around anyone right now. But you can’t keep using your suppressants, and if your Quirk really does keep turning itself back on, then I’m the only other solution to that.”

Midoriya turns away again.

“And I don’t mind, Midoriya,” Shouta says, as softly as he can while still being firm. “As your teacher and mentor, it’s my duty to look after you. And even if it wasn’t, it wouldn’t make a difference. I know it’s hard to accept, and I know you’re hurting, but I’m here for you. You’ve never been a burden to me before, and you never will.”

Midoriya’s eyes shimmer. Cat bumps his chin again with his snout, which elicits a breathy kind of soundless laugh from Midoriya. Shouta smiles faintly, but it doesn’t last long, and he returns to his phone again.

“I’m going to text Recovery Girl,” Shouta says, rubbing his other hand over his face tiredly. “She can come take a look at you just in case. Does your Quirk bug you when you’re sleeping?”

Midoriya blinks at him. When Shouta realizes the problem, he returns Midoriya’s phone to him, and he answers.  

[Midoriya Izuku]
It wakes me up sometimes.

“Alright. You should try to get some sleep, anyway. At least until she gets here.”

[Midoriya Izuku]
You look tired, too.

“Yeah, I am, but don’t worry about me, kiddo. Just an occupational hazard.” He sends the text, darkens his screen, and sets his phone beside the thermometer. “If you can sleep, go ahead. And I’ll be here if your Quirk turns itself on again.”

[Midoriya Izuku]
Thank you

“Don’t mention it.”

Roughly ten minutes later, Chiyo stands before the open closet door for a moment, eyes wide. But then, her features soften into a gentle, sad kind of smile.

“Damn softie,” she murmurs fondly, shaking her head.

Aizawa and the student she’d come to see are both in the closet, fast asleep. Midoriya is somehow curled against Aizawa’s chest, and Aizawa has his arms thrown loosely around him. In a cramped space like the closet, there isn't much room at all and it seems like it’d be quite uncomfortable, but Chiyo doesn't think she's ever seen two people look more content.

She pulls a blanket over the two without waking them and turns away. She’ll come back to check on Midoriya a little later on.
Chapter 45
Notes:

    Before we get into it, art!!

    mc-awsome

    Thank you so much!! Enjoy the chapter everybody :)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Flowers have never looked so sad before.

Toshinori appreciates the thought. He really does. But the flowers on his bedside table, while bright and alive and cheerful, instill a deep sense of pain and sorrow within him that he hadn’t known they could.

He’s gotten several flower bouquets from several visitors; specifically, from Class 1-A students. Midoriya was never among them, and they always came with several bouquets.

“We’re dropping some of these by Kirishima’s room,” Uraraka says quietly on one occasion. “Or... giving them to a doctor who can. They still aren’t... letting anyone see him.”

Since that moment, the flowers have always been a reminder. His shortcomings, how he’d failed to block those blasts, Kirishima’s state, the emotional state of the rest of his students—

Two days pass. He begs the doctors for information. For any news on Kirishima. But even though they don’t tell him any big details, even though the most he gets out of them is “he’s stable, but we’re keeping him in the ICU,” he can tell the air isn’t good. They aren’t hopeful. And hopeless doctors are scary.

He’s discharged the day after that. A full three days since the fight. The doctors had kept him so long primarily as a precaution, to make sure he didn’t have any other complications, but once he’s deemed well enough, he’s allowed to go.

And rightfully, the first thing out of his mouth as the doctor turns away is, “Is Kirishima accepting visitors yet?”

The doctor stops dead in his tracks and lets out a long, slow breath.

“Aside from family,” the doctor says, clutching his clipboard a little closer, “no. I’m sorry.”

It’s not like Toshinori had been expecting him to say yes, but a part of him had still hoped. He waits a while after the doctor has left before rising to his feet and exiting the room.

He signs himself out of the hospital at the front desk. While a lot of the world had seen his and All For One’s final battle, he isn’t approached by anyone or called out as All Might. Which is fantastic because that’s the last thing he wants to be dealing with right now.

He turns away and is just about to leave the hospital behind him when he notices a hunched figure sitting alone in the waiting room. He has lots of dark, bedraggled hair hidden beneath a hoodie that seems a bit too small for him, and his fingers are laced together with his head bowed against them. When his sleeves slip, Toshinori sees gauze wound around his arms and hands.

Toshinori can’t see his face, but he recognizes him as the one who’d stepped in to block All For One’s second blast to save Midoriya and Kirishima.

That’s how Toshinori recognizes him at first, anyway.

But then when he gets a little closer, he recognizes him as someone else. Someone he thought he’d never see again. They’d never been close, and they’d never really spoken aside from the few and far between occasions in which they’d worked together, but there’s no doubting it.

Toshinori approaches slowly and says in a quiet voice, only for the two of them to hear, “Ryo?”

The man flinches, and his crimson eyes raise to meet Toshinori’s.

“I owe you one,” Toshinori says, “for what you did back at Kamino. Stopping that blast to protect Midoriya and Kirishima, even when it could’ve killed you...”

Ryo shakes his head. Even though Toshinori is sitting next to him again and they’re carrying on a conversation, he maintains the exact same posture as before. Slumped, gloomy, distraught.

“You don’t have to thank me,” he says, still shaking his head. “If anything, I should be the one thanking you. You and Eijirou are…” He wipes under his nose with the back of his hand, “... quite close, aren’t you?”

There’s nothing accusatory about his tone. Only something very sad. Regretful.

“... In a word, yes,” Toshinori says, turning away and looking down at his bandaged hands.  “He’s a fine student of U.A.’s hero course. Not all that book-smart, to be frank, but he’s got a heart of gold.”

Ryo nods stiffly. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m sure.”

Toshinori’s smile grows smaller and smaller until it’s gone altogether. “... Ryo... where did you go? Where have you been for all these years?”

Ryo takes in a breath and lets it out slowly. “That’s... well, I’d say it’s a long story, but it really only feels that way to me. Fifteen years is... a long time to be alone in solitude.”

Toshinori doesn’t answer, and eventually, Ryo goes on.

“I gave up on being a hero when I couldn’t save the person who was dearest to me,” he says. “So I gave up the rest of what I treasured and loved and left to die alone underground. Although…” At this, he releases a short, mirthless laugh and shakes his head. “I guess I should have known someone would find me eventually…”

He trails off. The pieces click into place. “Kirishima?”

Ryo nods. “That kid... he’s something else. For the first time since I gave up on living, he actually made me assess what I’d become. He made me think about what I’d done and the consequences of my actions. I’d meant to thank him. To meet up with him eventually, even if just to say I’m sorry. But…”

A nurse moves past them, pushing a rattling cart of medicines and equipment. It feels like a slap in the face.

“... Right,” Toshinori says, and nothing more. A silence falls between them, but doesn’t last. “Are you planning to wait here until he’s allowed visitors?”

Ryo shakes his head. “No. I’m here to speak with his parents. I’m sure they wouldn’t appreciate hearing from me, but…”

Toshinori draws a breath through his nose. He remembers Kirishima’s words, yelled at the top of his lungs on Dagobah beach what feels like many years ago. Crimson Riot is his father. His birth father. The father who’d abandoned him because he thought he was doing the right thing.

“... Ryo,” Toshinori says at long last, when he finds his voice again, “I know your relation with Kirishima.”

Ryo inhales sharply, but has no reaction aside from that. “You might think you do, but I’m no father,” he says, shaking his head. “He might have my blood, but we aren’t family. I gave up that right a long time ago.”

“Regardless,” Toshinori says, I think… you could all use the closure. You, Kirishima’s parents... and when he recovers,” when, he has to keep telling himself that, “... Kirishima, too.”

Ryo doesn’t move or respond for the longest of times, but eventually, he nods. “You’re right. I know I screwed things up in the past, and I know there’s no fixing what I did, but... I want to try to make things right. Even if just for Eijirou’s sake.”

Toshinori nods his agreement, but his mind wanders into dangerous places. He thinks of Kirishima’s predicament once more. The flowers in his own hospital room.

He wonders how many bouquets Kirishima has been given. He wonders if any of them are from Midoriya.

Haruka is assaulted with thoughts, feelings, fears, and memories, swirling together like a hurricane.

She remembers the day she'd found him. She remembers the day he came home from middle school, bruised and trying to keep up a smile, a brave face. She remembers dying his hair, dying her hair with him. She remembers him coming home last year, telling her he'd received a second Quirk from someone he couldn't name. She remembers respecting that. Promising, with Takeda, to keep it a secret. She remembers him bursting from his room, waving his acceptance letter over his head in triumph. An official U.A. student.

It seems like only yesterday.

She doesn’t want to leave Eijirou’s side for a second, but the ICU is much more restrictive when it comes to visitors. Even when the visitors are the patient’s own parents.

A part of Haruka wants to fight the doctors, because that’s her little boy hooked up to all those machines, that’s her child on life support, that’s Eijirou the doctors talk about in hushed voices when they think Haruka and Takeda can’t hear them, telling one another of their rising concerns.

This is her child and she doesn’t want to leave him. She’s scared that if she leaves him for too long, if she lets go of his hand, if she stops being there, that by the time she gets back he’ll be gone. It’s already bleak enough. The doctors aren’t even all that hopeful. She’s absolutely terrified of leaving him.

But rules are rules no matter what she thinks or feels, and soon Takeda is guiding her out of the ward and into the hallway. She looks at Eijirou’s hospital bed over her shoulder as the doctors crowd around him, and then the door shuts in her face.

Takeda releases her arm slowly, and she wishes he wouldn’t, but he takes her hand in his instead. “He’s gonna be okay,” he says, running his thumb along her knuckles. “He’s always been a fighter. He’ll get through this.”

Haruka really wants to believe him, but Eijirou’s still form haunts her mind, and so does the medical equipment, and the doctor’s hushed voices, and the beeping of several life support machines—

Her husband squeezes her fingers, and they head down the hall away from the ward and into the waiting room. She should probably go home and shower—they both should, actually—but there’s that fear again. The paranoia that Eijirou will be gone the second she’s away for too long.

So.

In about an hour from now, after the doctors have finished with their tests and monitoring, she and her husband will be able to sit with him again. Haruka holds on for that time and nearly counts the seconds down herself.

They return to the waiting room, where they’ll stay until they’re allowed to see Eijirou again, and Haruka is so occupied with her own thoughts, fears and feelings that she doesn’t notice a slumped figure in the corner of the waiting room. She sees him a second later, but still doesn’t acknowledge him.

At least, she doesn’t until he rises to his feet and takes a step towards her. She turns towards her sharply, and Haruka doesn’t know why or how, but she recognizes him immediately. Something about his eyes, the way he holds himself, his dark hair—even a coincidental scar on his cheek—reminds her of someone.

He reminds her painfully of Eijirou.

Takeda must have realized it at the same time, because his fingers squeeze hers and his eyes look forward at the man as he approaches. He’s a big man, tall and haggard, but there’s nothing intimidating or threatening about him.

“Are you two Eijirou’s parents?” he asks with a thick, heavy voice.

And with those words, Haruka knows exactly who’s standing right in front of her. She could call him by name. Yell at him. She could call him out and shout at him and she could be right. She could yell and tell him she hates him and he wouldn’t be able to put up a decent argument to defend himself.

But she doesn’t do that, because whether or not he actually loved Eijirou, whether or not he actually cared, this is still Eijirou’s blood father. And his tone of voice goes miles to tell her exactly how much pain he’s in.

“We are,” Takeda answers him when Haruka doesn’t, and he looks Crimson Riot right in the eyes, completely fearless (but, like Haruka, subdued. Surprised, maybe upset, but not angry). “My name is Takeda. My wife, Haruka.”

“Crimson Riot,” Haruka greets, with just the slightest edge to her tone that she hadn’t meant to let slip through.

Crimson Riot takes in a shuddering inhale, and for a while, Haruka and Takeda wait with bated breath to see just what he has to say—but that's precisely the moment they realize he hadn't inhaled to speak, but to cry.

“I’m sorry,” he croaks out, and Haruka’s eyes widen as the ex-hero bows to them, hands clutching at his face, voice breaking all over the place. “I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry.”

Any trace of anger Haruka may have held dissipates for now. She’s always been bitter. She’s always hated Crimson Riot, hero or not, and she knows her husband feels the same way.

But at the same time, she can’t bear to hate him now. Even if she hates him tomorrow, even though she hated him yesterday, she can’t do it right now.

He’s in anguish, just like Haruka and Takeda are. And Haruka doesn’t have the heart to beat down this man when she knows exactly what he’s feeling.

Ochako can’t help it; when Aizawa announces during homeroom a couple days later (almost a full week later, actually; a full week since the incident) that they’ll be taking their provisional license exams in a weeks’ time, she’s angry. Especially when she glances over at Izuku and sees a desk covered in post-it notes, and equally so when she sees an empty desk across from that one.

It seems almost wrong to hold the license exams now, after everything. But once she calms down, she can kind of see U.A.’s angle a little better. Knowing Aizawa, he’s probably doing whatever he can to keep their minds off of Kamino and Kirishima. He’s trying to keep them from completely drowning.

Which is great but Ochako still can’t help but think that there has to be another way.

After closing session that school day (led by Aizawa instead of All Might while the hero continues to recover), Izuku approaches Aizawa with his phone in hand. Aizawa speaks to him, checks his phone when it dings, and writes something on a slip of paper for him. Izuku takes the paper and leaves the classroom before anyone else.

Ochako’s curiosity gets the better of her, and she approaches the front of the class. “Aizawa-sensei? What’s going on with Izuku? Is he okay?”

“He’s about as fine as he can be,” Aizawa answers shortly, but she can hear the concern lacing his tone. “He wants to go off-campus. I gave him a pass to take to Nedzu, he’ll make the final decision.”

“Off-campus?” Ochako asks, concerned—but then she thinks of the forest. She’d only seen it once, and it was dark back then and they were all too worried about Izuku to pay much mind, but it’s definitely a vent forest of sorts. Somewhere productive to deal with emotions in a way that wouldn’t cause harm to the user or others.

“... I see,” she says, nodding. “O-Okay. Thank you, Sensei. I-I, erm... please let me know if there’s something else I can do to help.”

Aizawa meets her eyes, and when Ochako studies his face a little closer, she thinks he looks very tired. “I’ll keep that in mind,” he says, “Thank you, Uraraka. Get a good night’s sleep, alright?”

“I-I’ll try,” she says, already dreading going to bed tonight. Her dreams haven’t exactly been very pleasant ever since Kamino. “Thank you, Sensei.”

She leaves with her classmates and heads back to Heights Alliance.  

When the day of the license exam arrives, they pile into a bus and head out with Aizawa, not unlike how they did leading up to training camp. Except this time is different, and Izuku sits alone in the backseat with Kirishima's music player. She sees a couple people—namely Todoroki, Iida, Tsuyu, Kouda, and Jirou—look at him with concern, but nobody approaches him or bugs him. A part of her wants to go to him and say something, but another, stronger part holds her back. Maybe he doesn't want anyone around him. Maybe he wants to be alone. Maybe he'd be upset if someone went to him.

So in the end, no one does anything.

At least, they don't until Kaminari rises from the seat in front of her and heads for the back of the bus.

She almost, almost stops him, but winds up stopping herself instead. Kaminari sits down beside Izuku like there's absolutely nothing wrong and says, with utmost casualty,

"Hey man do you wanna play some games on my phone? Or watch me play some games? I have Candy Crush and I hate it, look."

Izuku doesn't seem very interested, but that doesn't stop Kaminari from whipping out his phone and tapping at the screen.

Ochako almost sends him a text telling him to leave Izuku alone—but that's precisely the moment that Izuku tilts to the side until his head bumps Kaminari's arm. Kaminari beams at him, then goes right back to his phone. Izuku watches, and Ochako doesn't think he's ever looked more tired.

She looks across from her to Todoroki, who meets her gaze with a small, fragile smile. Ochako returns it before facing forward again, a weight lifting from her shoulders. She can hear the sound effects of Kaminari's game from here.

When they actually arrive at the place where the license exams are to be held, Izuku takes up the rear of the pack and seems to have no intention of changing that. Kaminari swaps out with Kouda, who signs a small inquiry, and Izuku shakes his head while responding.

The other schools arrive simultaneously with U.A., but don’t approach. At first, Ochako wonders why, but the answer becomes obvious a moment later. When some of the more outgoing students try approaching, they're told off by one of the more mature, level-headed ones.

It makes too much sense, really. What happened to Kirishima isn't exactly a secret. It's been over two weeks since he was hospitalized and there's still no solid good news either way, other than that he's no longer in the ICU.

Maybe she should try to visit him. Maybe she should see if Izuku would come with her.

"Ochako? Are you okay? You've been distracted all day."

Ochako shakes her head, strapping on one of her boots. The girls are getting suited up one place, and the boys get suited up elsewhere.

"I'm okay," she says, even though she doesn't know herself. "Just… got my head in the clouds I guess."

Ashido gives her a look. "Is it because of Izuku?"

Ochako straightens up with a long sigh. "I think it's because of everything."

Ashido offers a sympathetic smile, but it looks horribly forced. Once the rest of the girls have finished with their costumes, they head outside. Across from them, the boys do the same, and they meet in the middle of the arena to await their instructions. She tries to find Izuku in the crowd and spots him for a brief moment; he's one of he shortest students here, but she sees the tips of his cat ears for a total of two seconds before he disappears into the crowd again.

She refocuses her attention as the announcer steps up to the mic and explains the exam.

It's actually a lot simpler than Ochako thought it would be. All they have to do (for the first round, anyway) is hit people's targets while protecting their own. It shouldn't be too much of a hassle, really, it shouldn't.

Class 1-A gets together again on the battlefield moments before it begins to decide on a plan. To her surprise, it's actually Izuku who speaks.

"This is just the first round," he says flatly, "which means there's worse on the way. I'll take out whoever comes against us and we'll all pass together."

A part of Ochako wants to object, simply because it shouldn't be just up to him and they shouldn't have to rely on him; but he has a point. If they all pass this round, it means they'll be together for the next round.

The buzzer sounds, the other students spring at them, and Izuku's eyes turn bright, molten gold. He doesn't wait for his classmates’ approval or okay. He simply acts.

The students coming at them trip and tumble to the side with shocked exclamations. Some of them clutch at their eyes; some of them try standing again and can't; and others feel around them like they don't know where they are.

Izuku steps toward the first couple with a single orange ball. He hits their targets, one after the other; one, two, three, four, over and over again until—

"We have our first pass," says the announcer over the intercom. "That was quick. Keep it up."

"You can do whatever you want to do," Izuku says to his classmates, turning and walking away, "but the option's open. Hurry and choose before I’m out of range."

Ochako watches him go, with his silver cape billowing behind him, head raised and facing forward. She wants to call out to him, but for what or why, she doesn't know.

With a heavy heart, she takes one of her own balls and, with her classmates, approaches the fallen, helpless students.

"Oh wow. Five more just passed. Seven more. Aaaaand it looks like every student in Class 1-A has effectively made it past the first round. There are eighty one spots left."

The second Class 1-A passes, Izuku's Quirk is lifted from the vulnerable students. While Class 1-A moves on, the others fight. Izuku is a little ways ahead of Ochako and the others, and even after the announcement, even after they pass, he doesn't turn to look at them.

And he scares her. He scares her, but not in the way that villains scare her, or even in the way that death scares her. He scares her because she loves him, because he's her friend and he's endured so much already and here life is throwing him under the bus again.

He scares her because she cares so damn much about him, and she doesn't know how much longer he can continue on the road he's spiraling down.

She jogs to catch up, just as he heads into the empty waiting room. He doesn't acknowledge her, even though she's sure he knows she's there.

When she can't stand it any longer, she reaches out and tugs at his shirt. He stops and turns towards her curiously, and she swallows hard.  

"H-Hey, Izuku, can... can I hug you?"

His eyes widen slightly, but he nods faster than she thought he would, and she wastes no time pulling him close. She's taller than him by a couple inches, and while she wraps her arms around his shoulders, he wraps his arms around her waist.

It lasts a good long while.

She waits for him to pull away first, and he wipes his eyes with the backs of his hands. Thank you, he signs.

"Don't mention it," Ochako replies with a smile. They're joined by their classmates soon enough, and together, they wait for the exam to end.

There's a guy who’s been looking at Shouto weirdly ever since he got here.

He looks vaguely familiar. Like someone he went to school with when he was little but never actually talked to. That’s the kind of face this kid has. Except, for the life of him, he can’t figure out who he is or what he could possibly want.  Those looks Shouto’s been catching are not friendly ones; Shouto doesn’t even know who the dude is and it’s like they’ve already gotten off on the wrong foot.

The second part of the exam comes after the first one hundred students have gathered in the waiting room. Shouto spots Izuku sitting in the corner, looking down with his fingers threaded together. He thinks about reaching out, saying something, but doesn’t. There’s a reason Izuku had chosen to sit alone right now and Shouto is going to respect that, even if he doesn’t know the reason.

The second part of the exam is slightly more complicated than the first. In the first part of the exam, they’d been enemies to each other, fighting the other schools and throwing students under the bus in order to push themselves to passing.

Now they’re working together to save “victims” of a traumatic incident reminiscent of Kamino. Definitely an intentional rehash of that scenario. Devastating in every way.

As soon as it’s underway, the students disperse. Most people pick partners and start planning, but Shouto finds himself alone for the first good five minutes of it. He secures a falling beam from a decimated building in time to keep a civilian from being crushed beneath it, and as soon as that’s over with, he moves on.

Eventually, Shouto spots Izuku and Jirou a little ways away, standing back to back. Jirou has an earphone jack plugged into the wall of a half-collapsed building, and Izuku’s eyes are bright gold.

“I’ve got two in the building,” Jirou reports, turning to him. “How many on your end?”

Izuku holds up four fingers.

“Alright,” Jirou says, nodding. “We have to get the people out of the building, but I’m not sure how stable the structure is, so we need to deal with that first.”

“I can stabilize the building,” Shouto jumps in, approaching them. Izuku and Jirou both turn his way. “I’ll go with Izuku and secure the structure with ice. In the meantime, you can go check on the four Izuku mentioned and make sure they aren’t in immediate peril.”

Jirou gives a firm nod in agreement, holds her earphone jack in the soil for a moment, then takes off in the direction of the victims. Shouto and Izuku, in the meantime, advance and enter the crumbling building.

It’s in a total state of disarray. Beams are cracked and tilted at precarious angles; the hardwood floors are cracked and splintered; one of the walls is completely gone, and the door is off its hinges.

There’s no one on this floor, Izuku tells him as they step inside. Do your thing.

Shouto nods and leans his weight into his right leg; ice spreads along the floor, securing cracking beams and spreading across the ceiling in a thick, sturdy layer.

“That should hold it,” Shouto says, starting across the ice and melting a path with his left foot as he goes. “Come on. Next story.”

Izuku follows him silently. Up the staircase they go, and when they reach the second floor, Shouto sees them; one older, one younger, The two victims huddle against each other, not even acknowledging Izuku and Shouto’s presence.

“We’ve come to save you,” Shouto says; the victims turn toward his voice, and he settles his palm against one of the beams. The victims watch in awe as the ice spreads up the wood and secures it to the floor and ceiling.

“That should hold it for now,” Shouto decides, turning towards the two huddled figures again. “Come on, let’s get you two out of here.”

“Not so fast,” the younger one says, and he swings out an arm to point at Izuku. “You. What’s with that look on your face?”

Izuku blinks. He doesn’t look any different than usual, except maybe there’s less light in his eyes and the shadows beneath them are more pronounced, but this is just how Izuku looks anyway. He isn’t doing anything intentionally, and Shouto knows this.

But apparently the civilian doesn’t.

“You shouldn’t look so doomed and depressed to the people you’re trying to save!” the victim scolds, wagging his finger tauntingly, like an angry school teacher scolding a toddler. “Try for a smile, why don’t you!? Points deducted!”

Shouto has never seen Izuku look so crestfallen before.

They get the two civilians out of the building and to safety easily enough, and Shouto wonders why the victims hadn’t given him a hard time for “looking doomed and depressed” because Shouto is positive that he looks like that at least half of the time. But nope, they’d picked on Izuku. Of course.

Once the victims have been taken to the medical sector led by another school on the other side of the arena, Shouto and Izuku set out again to meet up with Jirou. Izuku won’t look at him. He hasn’t looked at him since they dropped the victims off.  

“They shouldn’t have said that,” Shouto tells him as they run. “And you shouldn’t have lost points over that.”

Izuku shakes his head. Like I said, he says, and points to his face. Broken.

It hadn’t hurt the first time he said it, way back when they were planning their trip to the amusement park, but it hurts now.

“Izuku, that’s not your fault,” Shouto tries to reason. “You weren’t being a bad hero just because you can’t smile on command. They shouldn’t have deducted points for that.”

Izuku doesn’t look reassured. They continue on, and just when they’re close to meeting up with Jirou once again, Shouto sees him; the kid who’d been looking at him weirdly every chance he got. The confrontational boy that Shouto felt like he should know but doesn’t.

Izuku catches his gaze and frowns. What?

“Nothing,” Shouto answers, shaking his head and facing forward again. “Forget it, it’s nothing.”

Izuku gives him a look that might actually warrant a deduction of points if aimed at a civilian, but he turns away and they keep moving forward.

They find Jirou not long after, as she hauls a civilian over her shoulder and carries them quickly but safely away from a precarious stack of debris.

“There’s broken glass everywhere,” she says as she passes them. “I already got one out safely, but there are still two others in there. It’s unstable, so be careful.”

“Got it,” Shouto acknowledges, and he and Izuku start towards the rubble.

A second later, Shouto realizes that Izuku is no longer following him.

He pauses and pivots on his heel, but Izuku won’t look at him. His eyes are directed at the ground, and his irises are solid gold.

“What’s up?” Shouto inquires. “Izuku?”

We’re under attack, Izuku answers.

And not a second later, something moves out of the corner of Shouto’s eye. He isn’t quick enough to react to it, but somehow, Izuku is. A knife goes flying right by the villain’s face, leaving a thin stripe of red across his cheek.

The villain lands, and Shouto recognizes him—not as a “villain,” of course, but as part of the hero team led by Gang Orca. The villain straightens up slowly and regards Izuku and Shouto with a wide, twisted grin.

“Well,” he taunts, “what do we have here?”

“Nothing,” Izuku says, and snaps out his hand. The villain recoils, a hand reaching to cover his face, but his smile doesn’t fade.

“Taking away my sight, huh?” he says, pulling his helmet down further around his ears. “Hate to ruin it for you, kid, but that isn’t going to work.”

An ear-splitting something assaults them from behind. From far away, even. But it pierces Shouto’s head, and he’s clutching his ears before he registers even moving. The noise isn’t even loud, just at such a high frequency that it’s piercing and burning and painful--

And then it stops. His ears still hurt and ring, but he can’t hear the sound anymore. Neither can the surrounding victims.

Shouto turns to Izuku, who gives him an are you really surprised? kind of look before pivoting. Fight him, Izuku says. I’ll go help the others at the medical area.

Shouto nods, and while Izuku scampers off, Shouto faces the villain and sends a torrent of ice at him.

Gang Orca s u c k s .

That’s what Katsuki thinks, anyway, the second the hero (playing villain, of course) swishes his cape in the wind and stomps towards the safe zone and the examinees who guard it. Katsuki has a bad feeling about this already and it’s barely been two minutes.

Five minutes into fighting Gang Orca is when Katsuki decides that it really sucks a lot more than he thought it would. Gang Orca’s attacks are so friggin strong that they almost forcibly pin him to the air, if such a thing is possible. Even if it hadn’t made his ears bleed and ring, he couldn’t fight back if he’d wanted to. He could never get in close enough to make a difference. He knows this.

As he’s regrouping to come up with a better plan, something taps him on the forearm. He swings around and nearly smacks Midoriya  in the face with a gauntlet. Midoriya doesn’t flinch, but Katsuki does.

“Don’t sneak up on me, you damn cat,” Katsuki barks, but it lacks its usual bite. “Why aren’t you taking out Gang Orca, huh? Getting rid of his senses or whatever?”

“Been using my Quirk all day,” he says quietly, so quietly that Katsuki almost has to have him repeat himself. “I could probably take out his hearing or something, but I can’t completely immobilize him right now. Plus, I’m already trying to block out Gang Orca’s biggest attacks to keep the civilians safe. I can’t safely push it any further than this.”

Katsuki grinds his teeth. “So what do you wanna do, huh?”

“I have one idea,” Midoriya says, turning to face their enemy. Gang Orca strides towards them slowly, but purposefully. “I’m going to need your cooperation, and a good distraction.”

“Got the first part,” Katsuki says, “but what about—”

And that’s exactly the moment that an enormous beam of what looks like swirling, dusty wind zips down from the sky and engulfs Gang Orca easily. Gang Orca flinches back, but lifts his head and roars into the sky; the wind cuts, but the person conducting it—nothing more than a speck in the sky from Katsuki’s perspective—doesn’t give up.

“Well,” Katsuki says, “guess we’ve got both, then. What’s your plan?”

Shouto takes him out easily, undaunted by the noise caused by who he can only assume is Gang Orca himself. As soon as that’s over with, he rescues the civilians from underneath the rubble and guides them to the safe zone.

Except that’s when he realizes the heat of the battle is at the safe zone.

Gang Orca is there, and so is that one kid who kept looking at Shouto funny. He doesn’t see Izuku, though; for whatever reason, he isn’t here.

Kaminari and Sero are, though, and they’re standing between Gang Orca and the civilians, who are currently scrambling away from the safe zone to regroup somewhere safer. A couple of Class 1-A and Class 1-B students are amongst them respectively, guiding their evacuation route and attacking whatever villains try to stop them.

A blast of wind surges from the sky and hits Gang Orca full-force, but judging by Orca’s quick reaction time, this isn’t the first time it’s happened. The wind-user dodges Orca’s blast of sound, and Shouto’s hands snap up to cup around his ears for a moment. Izuku isn’t using his Quirk on him anymore.

Orca turns towards him. “Another hero to stand against me,” he says, and he plays the part remarkably well. Now that Shouto is seeing him face to face, he understands why Orca is high on the list of heroes that look like villains.

(Now that he thinks about that, he wonders how high Izuku would be on that list someday.)

He tries shaking the thought away as soon as it comes, but doesn’t have the time to. Another blast of wind comse at Gang Orca, engulfing him. Shouto is about to regroup and come up with a plan, but he’s swept off his feet by another blast of wind. Before he has the chance to register what’s going on, he’s being swept into the sky.

What in the hell—?

“Todoroki Shouto,” booms a voice that Shouto knows should be familiar, but he can’t pin why. “I’ve been wanting to talk for you for a long, long time.”

Shouto is just about to snap at the wind-user that they don’t have time for this petty bull—but he gets a good look at his eyes, and suddenly, he realizes.

Inasa. That’s his name. He’d taken the U.A. exam for recommended students and qualified with flying colors. He could’ve gone to U.A. if he wanted to.

But he hadn’t.

Inasa glares at him, jaw set. “Let’s talk.”

Why now? They’ll have plenty of time later, so why now—

Gang Orca’s blast knocks them both from the air while they’re distracted. The wind-user catches himself, but Shouto is left to break his own fall. He makes a ramp of ice and slides down it easily enough—but then he’s swept right back into the sky.

“Really?” he shouts this time, angry. “Do you really think we have time for this right now?”

“Make time,” Inasa says lowly. Below them, Gang Orca attacks.

“Check that,” Midoriya says, sinking down behind their hiding spot again and glancing at Katsuki. His back is pressed against a collapsed wall of concrete, as is Katsuki’s. “We now have two distractions. … And maybe a change of plans.”

“Fan-flippin’-tastic.”

“What do you want?” Shouto questions, suspended in the air with what feels like a board of wind beneath him. “Why are we doing this now when we’ll have plenty of time to talk afterwards?”

“You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” Inasa snaps back at him with hostility Shouto doesn’t understand. “Yeah. Say we’ll talk afterwards and then ditch me like I don’t even matter to you at all. That’s just what you want, isn’t it?”

Gang Orca’s attack comes at them from below, and Inasa swings both of them out of the way with a quick bend and twist of the wind. The height is making Shouto lightheaded.

“If you wanna talk, then talk!” Shouto barks. “But do it!”

And to his surprise, and relief, Inasa speaks. “You’re just like your father after all,” he says lowly. “I’d had hopes for you, Todoroki. I thought maybe if we became friends, your father wouldn’t scare me nearly as much. But you dashed that hope, too. Just like he did.”

The pieces fall into place. Shouto remembers.

He remembers brushing Inasa off, so focused on his own hatred that he hadn’t paused to look at the lives he was effecting. So blinded by fury that it wasn’t even that he couldn’t see, but wouldn’t see.

He thinks of his father’s eyes. Izuku’s eyes. Izuku’s words to him at the sports festival. Their friendship henceforth.

Shouto isn’t the same person he’d been before. The lifeless shell of rage and resentment that’d once been “Endeavor’s son” is now “Todoroki Shouto.”   

Before he can fully think things through, Shouto finds himself yelling.

“I’m sorry!” he blurts, and he means it. These words are some of the sincerest he’s ever spoken. “I’m sorry I was like him. I’m sorry I brushed you off. My father scares me too, Inasa, and I’m sorry you looked at me and saw him. I don’t want to be him. I’ve chosen not to be him. But before that I hurt you, and I’m sorry.”

The look on Inasa’s face changes in an instant, and so does the solid foundation of wind beneath Shouto’s feet. Inasa must’ve been surprised, because he almost drops both of their strongholds of wind.

“You mean that?” Inasa says. “Really? You really mean that?”

“I do,” Shouto says. “I swear to you, I do. And I don’t think it’s too late for us to become friends, either.”

Gang Orca’s blast interrupts them, stronger and larger this time. Inasa and Shouto are shot right out of the sky.

But as they fall, wind ripping through their clothes and hair and skin, they meet eyes. The agreement is mutual.

“You shouldn’t have wasted so much time,” Shouto hears Gang Orca speak beneath them. “You’ve sacrificed your win for a petty nothing.”

His blast comes before Shouto can react. But while he feels the force of it, and his ears burn, he doesn’t actually hear it.

Judging by the look on his face, Inasa doesn’t, either.

An explosion erupts from behind Gang Orca, and embers, fire and smoke rise into the sky over the arena. Shouto sees it but doesn’t hear it.

Gang Orca neither sees it or hears it.

From the explosion, coming towards them like a bullet, is Izuku.

In a flash he’s there, three knives in between his fingers on both hands, and Gang Orca finally sees him, but can’t hear him. Izuku throws all six knives before Gang Orca can react, but the knives only fly past him. A bluff.

Gang Orca sends one of his shockwaves at Izuku, and it forcefully flings Izuku backwards, where he hits the ground rolling and tumbling. It looks like it hurt.

Shouto’s initial reaction is to go to him, but that’s when he realizes.

He did it to give us an opening.

“Inasa!” Shouto shouts, left side igniting. The flames roar and blaze. “Let’s do this!”

Inasa calls the winds to his command, and a vicious tornado of flames conjures before them, circling around Gang Orca and allowing no room for escape. The flames roar with the wind, and Shouto can hear it, which means Izuku isn’t using his Quirk on them anymore. The flames crackle and burn while the wind spins and whirls and brings Gang Orca to his knees.

With the flames roaring in his ears, Shouto can barely hear the buzzer announcing the second match completed. But he does hear the buzzer, as does Inasa, Kaminari, Sero, the civilians, the rest of the students, and Izuku, staggering to his feet and holding his head.

“Congratulations,” drones the announcer, “you have completed the license exam. We will take a short intermission while we gather your results and reset the arena; in the meantime, please change out of your costumes and meet back here.”

“Well,” Inasa says breathlessly with a lopsided smile, “that went well—”

“One second,” Shouto tells him, spinning on his heel and racing towards Izuku. He hears Inasa’s footsteps behind him. “Izuku!”

Izuku lifts his head to meet his gaze. His eyes are completely green again, but glazed over.

“Shouto,” he says—right before his eyes roll back in his head and his knees buckle.

Shouto is barely fast enough, slamming to his knees and holding out his arms to catch him in time. Inasa is hot on his heels.

“Holy hell, is he okay?”

“He’s fine,” Shouto says, but he’s unsure himself. “His Quirk isn’t kind to him. He probably won’t be out for very long, but…”

Inasa is already nodding and kneeling beside him. It’s like they weren’t even enemies five minutes ago. “We should still take him to the medical tent, even if this is normal. Want me to carry him?”

“Okay,” Shouto says, nodding. “Just, be careful with him—”

“OY, CAT! DID YOU DO IT!?”

Shouto and Inasa both turn as Bakugou runs up to them, looking a mixture of curious and furious. Except, both those emotions change into confusion when he notices Izuku on the ground.

“What happened?” Bakugou demands, closing the remaining distance between them. “He frickin overused his Quirk again, didn’t he?”

Shouto nods. “We’re going to take him to the medical tent,” he informs. “Even though his Quirk gives him grief all the time, he should still get checked out.”

“Right, damn idiot…”

Inasa carefully takes Izuku from Shouto’s arms and rises to his feet. Shouto does the same beside him.

“So you’re Bakugou,” Inasa says, looking him over. At long last, he says, “I like your cat whiskers.”

“WHAT THE HELL AGAIN!?” Bakugou’s fingers go to his cheeks, as though he could feel the Sharpie there. “HOW DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING!? HOW LONG HAS IT BEEN THERE!? MIDORIYA!”  

“I wasn’t going to say anything,” Shouto says calmly, “but they’ve been there since about the time we got here.”

“ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?”

By some miracle, all Bakugou’s yelling and cursing doesn’t wake Izuku, and Shouto and Inasa start towards the medical tent with an unhappy Bakugou in their wake.

Inasa leaves as soon as he’s deposited his charge with the nurses, with a promise to inform the rest of Class 1-A what’s going on and why Izuku and Shouto aren’t back yet. Shouto had thanked him, but Inasa already had both feet out the tent and he’s not sure whether or not he heard.

Izuku isn’t unconscious for very long—just long enough for the nurses to determine that his vital signs are normal and aside from being exhausted, he’s alright. Barely ten seconds after the nurses leave the tent, Izuku’s eyes snap open and he tries to sit up.

“Hey, hang on.” Shouto hesitates, but presses his hand to Izuku’s shoulder. “Calm down, alright? You only passed out for a little while, you’re fine.”

Izuku gulps noticeably, but settles back against the stretcher again. Results? he asks.

Shouto shakes his head. “Not yet. We’ve still got another ten minutes to go before they announce who passed. You’ve got some time to relax before then.”

Izuku nods and falls silent for a time. I can’t believe you almost got pulverized by Shamoo, he says.

Shouto snorts. “First Nedzu, and now Orca. You’re going to get yourself in trouble one of these days.”

Orca is awesome though, Izuku says. Nedzu is literally just a rat.

Shouto shakes his head again, and the conversation drops off there, with Izuku lowering his hands and turning his head to the side. For a good minute or so, the silence continues, and it seems a shame to break it, with signing or otherwise.

Shouto takes another look around, just to make sure they’re alone (not that anyone else would understand Izuku’s sign language, but still), and asks, How have you been? With everything?

Izuku swallows hard. I’ve been… trying to keep good spirits. Be strong and stuff. Because I know that’s what he’d want. But I’m not sure I have the strength to do it without being dishonest with myself.

Shouto takes it in and gives a slow nod. “Yeah, I know what you mean. It sucks.”

Izuku nods back at him and drops his hands to his sides for a while. It doesn’t last.

He should be here, Izuku says, and his hands tremble ever so slightly. He should have been here with us, Shouto.

“I know,” Shouto says. There’s a lump in his throat that he doesn’t remember forming. “You’re right. He should be here.”

Izuku’s hands move to say something else, but Shouto will never know what—the announcer’s voice calls them back to the arena to wait for their results, and Izuku drops the conversation, refuses to say anything else, and leads the way out of the medical tent.

The entirety of Class 1-A passes. Including Bakugou and Shouto. Which, honestly, kind of surprises Shouto, because with his and Inasa’s little squabble, it doesn’t really make much sense why they’d be allowed by. Unless their argument got settled before too many points were deducted. Either way he’ll take it.

Well, he supposes he shouldn’t say the entirety of Class 1-A passes. Kirishima isn’t here.

Class  1-B also passes with their full class. The majority of Inasa’s classmates pass, but Inasa himself does not. There aren’t very many students who actually don’t make the cut for the exam; and those who failed now (including Inasa himself) will get another chance in spring.

“To those of you who passed,” the announcer drones, “we have several people who will be taking your pictures and giving you your licenses. Please line up by the waiting area and take turns going in. Do this as orderly as possible, please.”

They don’t run, but the majority of them speedwalk, eager to get there first. Shouto and Izuku actually end up swept away with the crowd and near the front of the line. Several students are let in at a time, and minutes later, they leave through a different door, squealing and gushing over their licenses.

Shouto and Izuku go in together. They have several photo booths set up, each one manded by at least two people. Shouto and Izuku stand in two booths beside each other, facing the technicians.

“This ain’t a mugshot, kiddo, you can loosen up a little.”

Izuku slumps his shoulders. He doesn’t really look unpleasant, but he doesn’t exactly look very pleasant, either. The camera man doesn’t try again and takes the picture; around the same time, a camera flash in front of him nearly blinds Shouto.

“Done!”

Their licenses are printed for them right there; two cards with their pictures and information. Shouto takes his, Izuku takes his, and the students are swept off towards the back door while the next group is let in.

Izuku stares down at his license, pinched between his fingers. Shouto had looked at his, too, but Izuku is much more intense about it than Shouto.

“You look fine,” Shouto says. “Don’t listen to what anyone else says, alright? You’re doing great.”

Izuku turns to him, and while the look on his face doesn’t change, he snaps a picture of his license and fiddles with his phone instead of staring at it. Which is probably a win.

They pass Bakugou in line, just as Izuku puts his phone and his license back in his pocket. The cat whiskers are still very dark and very obvious on Bakugou’s face.

Izuku steps towards him and fishes a small, single-wipe packet out. “Here,” he says softly, holding it out to Bakugou. “I used washable marker this time. You can get it off before your picture.”

Bakugou looks at the wipe in his hand for a moment considering; but he raises his head and looks Izuku in the eyes.

“You know what?” Bakugou says. “You know what? Screw you, I’m rocking these whiskers now. You can’t bug me with them anymore. I’m gonna get my picture with them, just you wait.”

Izuku stuffs the packet back in his pocket as though he’d been expecting this kind of an answer. “Fine by me,” he says, nodding. “Good job out there today.”

“Yeah, you too!” Bakugou barks, and Izuku and Shouto turn and head away.

Shouto finds himself thinking that maybe this is Bakugou’s way of “making light” during this kind of situation, just like what Izuku does with his pen doodles on his skin, his light up shoes, his neon clothes. They’re all affected by what happened to Kirishima; Izuku worst of all, of course, but still all of them.

Shouto takes in a breath through his nose and lets it out slowly. Izuku’s words, he should have been here, ring through his mind again.

And he’s right. Kirishima really, really should have been here.

Once everyone has their licenses, the exam comes to a final close. Shouto is on his way with Izuku to rejoin their classmates when he sees Inasa out of the corner of his eye.

Shouto turns to look at him, and Inasa, in response, grins and waves a hand in farewell. Shouto returns the gesture, and beside him, Izuku does the same just to be nice.  

Once they’ve rejoined their classmates and Aizawa outside the arena, they load into the bus and set a course for home. While they’re leaving with more than what they came with, it would seem Kirishima’s absence has an even bigger influence on the overall mood than the fact that they now have their provisional licenses.

Shouto doesn’t sleep that night. He’s not sure anyone does.

 
Notes:

    You guys, I promise you with all my heart that this story is going to have a happy ending. Hang in there with me.

Chapter 46
Notes:

    Aaaaa you guys thank you so much for your support!! I wanted to respond to comments but I just,,, didn't really know what to say? jfkljskldfsdf i'm sorry. but your support really means the world to me, so thank you all so much!!

    And now, a public service announcement:

    This is where I give the “manga spoilers approaching” warning, not because there are spoilers in this chapter, but because there are spoilers in the next chapter and this chapter isn’t a nice one to stop on. So if you're an anime-only and don't wanna be stuck on a chapter with a bad ending, wait on reading this one. Either way, I hope you enjoy!

    Before we get into it, art!!!

    ItsBy(M)e

    Thank you so much!! Enjoy the chapter everyone!

Chapter Text

[Incoming Call - Naomasa Tsukauchi]

Toshinori answers, setting aside the papers he’s been sorting through for the time being. “Hey, Tsukauchi.”

“Toshinori,” Naomasa greets, but his voice is stiff and very business-like. “Listen. I know this is the last thing you want to talk about, but we need to discuss Shimura Tenko. And All For One.”

Toshinori’s shoulders tense, but he reminds himself to breathe. Night has fallen now; he’s only working to keep his mind preoccupied from everything going on around him. He hasn’t seen the students since Kamino, and while he should be in bed right now to prepare for tomorrow, sleep is the last thing on his mind.

So, “Alright. Shoot.”

“We still have no idea where Dabi and Toga are,” Naomasa starts off, slowly but steadily, like he’s reading things off a checklist. “We’ve been looking all over for them, but we haven’t gotten any leads. And… we still have no idea where Shigaraki ran off to, either, but Bakugou told me that, according to All For One, he betrayed the villains and is now working on our side.”

Toshinori’s eyes widen, and suddenly his feet are beneath him and he’s clutching the phone tight, then tighter, until his hands tremble. “Really?” he gasps, hardly daring to believe it. “You mean he’s—the brainwashing, he fought through it? He made it through?”

“Yeah,” Naomasa says, but his voice lacks the excitement that Toshinori feels, “but like I said, we have no idea where he ran off to. Chances are he was overwhelmed by all the new information that came down on him once the brainwashing wore off. He probably left to have some time to process everything, clear his head, but we have no solid leads on him.”

Toshinori sinks back into his chair and drags a bandaged hand over his face wearily with a shaky breath. Tenko is saved, then. And he has no doubt that Izuku had everything to do with it.

“If you found him… what would you do?” Toshinori asks, already dreading the answer. “What would happen to him?”

“I don’t know,” Naomasa says tiredly, and Toshinori can imagine him shaking his head. “The police force has unanimously agreed that Shimura Tenko is no criminal, and his mindset was completely conditioned and out of his control, but… we don’t know how the public would take that. Even if the evidence is right in front of them, getting people to believe it is going to be difficult. We can’t ensure Tenko’s safety if the world is out to get him.”

Toshinori’s heart clenches at the thought, and he knows in a heartbeat that Naomasa is right. Even if Tenko is regarded as a normal citizen by the police force, Toshinori knows that the entire public won’t accept it. Not after the training camp incident. Not after the USJ. Not after Izuku was abducted. Not after Kamino.

He hates to say it, but Tenko is better off missing.

“And the final thing I want to speak to you about is the state of All For One,” Naomasa says, pulling Toshinori from his thoughts. “Which is… honestly, probably the smallest discussion point right now.”

Toshinori’s fingers tighten around the phone again, and his brows lower over his eyes. “What of him?”

Naomasa drags in a long breath. “Basically, he’s in a coma. The doctors aren’t expecting him to pull out of it, ever. They say he’ll either die eventually or become completely brain dead, but either way, it isn’t looking good for him. And they aren’t expecting that to change.”

It’s what he deserves, really. Toshinori takes it as information; he feels no sympathy towards the villain or regret to his fall whatsoever. He’d do it again in a heartbeat, and he’d fight even harder. Block every blast.

“That’s really the only points of interest I can think of right now,” Naomasa says at long last. “I can’t think of anything else to tell you at the time being, but I’ll get back to you if we find any new information or if anything changes.”

“Right,” Toshinori says, shaking his head to snap himself from his daze. “Thank you for keeping me informed, Tsukauchi.”

“No problem,” Naomasa says, and Toshinori thinks he’s about to hang up before, “Ahh, by the way, Toshinori… can I ask how you’re doing? Not just with recovering, but… with everything.”

Toshinori takes a sharp breath.

“I’m… well…” His fingers clench and unclench at his side. “... I’m trying to hang in there. That’s really all I can say.”

“Yeah, right, I bet… just hang in there a little while longer, Toshinori, okay? And don’t blame yourself for what happened. I know that’s what you’re doing, and you need to stop while you’re ahead.”

Toshinori inhales sharply again, but lets it out slowly. “Guess I can’t fool you, can I?”

Naomasa chuckles softly, but there’s something sad about it. “You can try, but you’re a pretty open book when it comes to people who know you. Just… yeah. Hang in there. And let me know if there’s anything I can do to help. Alright?”

Toshinori nods, a lump in his throat. “Alright. Thank you.”

“Don’t mention it. I’ll talk to you later.”

He ends the call, and Toshinori is left in his office at U.A., staring down at scattered papers and writing utensils.

“Don’t blame yourself,” Naomasa had said.

What a joke.

Ryo somehow managed to rent out a low-life apartment in a low-life sector of the city without people discovering his true identity. The landlord had asked about the bandages on his arms and whether or not he was alright, but Ryo brushed it off and said he’d been victim during Kamino, to which the landlord had stopped questioning him immediately and instead looked on him in sympathy and lowered the price of the rent. Maybe he thought Ryo’s house had been destroyed during the fighting or something. Ryo had no idea. 

Either way he wasn’t going to complain about it. The apartment is small and all he has is a couple blankets he’d gotten dirt-cheap at a thrift store, but it’s all he needs, and it’s better than what he had down in the sewers while he lived out his days in solitude.

He hadn’t spoken with the Kirishimas for very long. Hardly at all, actually. He’d only been able to get out the words I’m sorry before he lost his composure and couldn’t trust himself to speak again. The Kirishimas hadn’t responded, clearly too shellshocked to do so, and he’d left. Left before they even had a chance.

Maybe it was for the best. He doubted they wanted to see him.

And now he’s sitting in his apartment all by himself, with only a tiny radio to keep him company. And even the radio doesn’t do a very good job considering all it tells him are things he already knows; the fall of All Might, the missing villains, the captured ones, Eijirou’s state.

It’s all so up in the air and it’s all such a big mess.

Ryo tries sleeping that night, but doesn’t get a wink.

The room is dark. The windows are shut. The lights are out. Outside, the clouds dominate the night sky, blocking out all light sources. Tonight should be a joyous night; they should be sending photos of their hero licenses to their parents, bragging about it, gushing about it to one another.

But there’s none of that. None of that at all.

“...I think,” Iida says at long, long last, raising his head towards the group, “that we need to address the elephant in the room.”

All nineteen students are gathered in a circle in the common room. The cats, strangely enough, are nowhere to be found. Cat is lying on his stomach between Izuku and Shouto, but he’s fully alert, and his tail is still.

Iida draws a long breath and folds his hands. “I think… it’s fair to say we’ve been… putting this off. For as long as we possibly could. And it’s understandable; I have been doing the same. But we have our licenses now. We’re closer to being heroes now more than ever. I think… we have to address it. Our thoughts, our feelings… we can’t keep them locked away forever. If we do, we’re only hurting ourselves.”

Shouto immediately glances at Izuku, who’s staring off into space as though the conversation isn’t even happening. Something that’s been bothering Shouto especially is the fact that Izuku hasn’t said anything about what’d happened. His thoughts, his feelings, his emotions—he hadn’t breathed (or signed) a word.

“If you have things you’d like to give up,” Iida continues heavily, “then… now’s the time to do it. It’s the only way we’ll be able to move forward and stay strong as a group.”

There’s no cheer, no response, no agreement whatsoever from the class. Iida takes in a long breath, lets it out, and speaks once more.

“I’ll go first.” And, after another pause, he says, “I still blame myself for what happened to Kirishima. I was there at Kamino when it happened, and I’d sworn to protect you all. Even though, logically, I know there was nothing I could do, I still take full responsibility for what happened.”

“Iida, no, you know it isn’t your fault,” Uraraka says, reaching out. “Don’t blame—”

“I said I know that,” Iida cuts in sharply.  “I know it isn’t my fault. That doesn’t mean I don’t still take the blame for it.”

Uraraka falls silent and sits back once again.

“That’s all I have to say,” Iida says, facing the group again. “If anyone else has anything they want to share or let go, then… feel free to go ahead. If it’s more personal and you don’t feel like sharing with everyone, then that’s alright, too, but I have to ask that you take it up with Aizawa if that’s the case. Don’t keep it to yourself.”

It’s Tokoyami who speaks next, lowly but audibly.

“I feel the same as you, Iida,” he says. “I wasn’t at Kamino when it happened, but I very well could have been. Some part of me wonders if I’d’ve been able to stop it. If Dark Shadow could have countered the blow and kept Kirishima safe. But that’ll always be a what-if, and some part of me will always blame myself.”

A silence falls and stretches.

“... Izu-chan already knows this,” Tsuyu says softly, “but I feel horrible for not going with you to save Bakugou. Even if I hadn’t been able to prevent it, I would have been there to help you all through the aftermath. I’m sorry I wasn’t there. I’m sorry I left you all like I did and gave you the cold shoulder.”

“I’m sorry I got kidnapped,” Bakugou says; he was the last person Shouto was expecting to speak. “If I’d been stronger, none of this would have happened in the first place.”

It’s ridiculous, to feel guilty for something that beyond his control. But Bakugou already knows this. They all know this. It doesn’t change the way any of them feel about their own personal guilt-trips, enforced by only themselves.

“I wish I’d, like… maybe been a better friend to Kirishima,” Kaminari says quietly. “I-I mean, I was never mean to him or anything, and we got along really well, I just… I wish there was more I could’ve said, leading up to this. I wish there was more I could’ve done.”

“I wish I’d’ve gone with you,” Shouji voices. “I might have been able to prevent it.”

“I wish I could have done more,” Uraraka says softly, “when Izuku got back with Kirishima. I wish I could have helped him.”

“I’m sorry I wasn’t where I was needed the most,” Yaoyorozu says, shaking her head. “I’m sorry I didn’t immediately go looking for Kirishima and Izuku when they disappeared. I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you all.”

“I’m upset with myself for not stopping the villains at the training camp,” Shouto finally says, dumping it in the open. “And of course I’m angry with myself for everything that went down at Kamino, too.”

It goes on in this way—their own little vent conference, where they throw everything out in the open for the others to acknowledge, accept, and comfort. There’s something therapeutic about all of this, speaking freely without worrying about who’s listening, being able to talk their hearts out without fear of condemnation.

Except, Izuku hasn’t said anything yet. He’s been listening silently, and Shouto knows he’s paying attention, but he hasn’t spoken or signed a word. Shouto knows he has things to say; he knows he has something to get off his chest; but for whatever reason, he doesn’t.

And Shouto doesn’t push him. Nobody does. The purpose of this is to relieve stress; not cause more by pressuring one another into talking.

When the silence stretches and everyone sans Izuku has said at least one thing, Iida clasps his hands together. “Alright,” he says, “if you’re all finished, I call this meeting to a close. Thank you for meeting on such short notice even though I’m sure you’re all exhausted.”

“It’s fine, Class Prez,” Satou says, rising to his feet with the others while shaking his head. “That was… that was a good idea. Thanks.”

“Yeah, thanks, Iida.”

“Thank you.”

“Thanks.”

Iida shakes his head. “It’s alright,” he says, glancing at the wall clock across the room. “It’s late, and we all had a busy day. Go on to bed, everyone. Except you, Izuku. I would like a moment.”

Izuku hasn’t even moved off the floor yet. Iida moves to sit by him, and Shouto rises to his feet and walks away.

As he’s leaving, he hears Iida’s voice.

“Izuku, please talk to Aizawa. I don’t know everything, but you’re definitely hiding things and bottling a lot up. You don’t have to talk to me, and you don’t have to talk to any of our classmates; but… please. We’re all extremely worried about you.”

Shouto slows his pace and faces forward, pretending not to hear anything.

“... Izuku… you don’t have to answer this. But… even if just this once… even if it’s hard… please. How do you feel, right now?”

There’s a pause. Shouto hears a small rustle in the darkness, followed by Iida’s sharp inhale of breath.

Whatever Izuku had signed must have been bad, because when Shouto looks over his shoulder, Iida has him in his arms and is holding tightly. Izuku doesn’t hug him back.

Shouto heads up to his room without saying a word, and he lies awake for several hours.

Izuku doesn’t come to his room that night.

Shouto doesn’t remember falling asleep, but in the middle of the night, he’s woken up by something. He doesn’t know what it is at first; an annoying tug at his eyes, a buzz in his ears, a weightless, tipsy kind of feeling, like his body isn’t aware of his surroundings while his mind is—

Static.

Static.

Shouto leaps out of his futon. His sense of balance is all out of whack, and he nearly cracks his head against the side table when he lunges, but he somehow catches himself in time and keeps moving. He swings open the door of his room and stumbles into the dark hallway.

Without even realizing it, he smacks right into Tokoyami as he leaves his room, and their combined terrible balance sends both of them right to the ground. Shouto barely feels the impact of the floor beneath him, and his ears are still ringing. Across from him on the floor, Tokoyami holds his head.

“Do you know what it is?” Shouto manages, barely able to get the words out.

Tokoyami nods shakily. “I have a suspicion,” he says. “It’s—”

It stops abruptly, and Shouto feels like someone dropped several weights onto his shoulders—although, this is just because he’s feeling normal now and the weightlessness has stopped. Across from him, Tokoyami doubles over, experiencing the same sensation. For a hot second, Shouto isn’t sure he’ll be able to drag himself off the floor.

And then, Tokoyami says with wide, wondering eyes, “It… it stopped.”

And Shouto is suddenly able to move again. So is Tokoyami. They scramble to their feet and race towards Izuku’s closed bedroom door.

Shouto makes it there first, throwing it open so fast that it bangs the side of the wall. He doesn’t consider that it might make a dent. He doesn’t care.

Izuku is in the very corner of the room, sitting with his back pressed against the wall, his fingers buried in his hair, his knees drawn to his chest. His eyes are squeezed shut. His arms are wrapped in golden tendrils, which give off just enough light for Shouto to see the group of cats a little ways off, huddling behind Cat.

Behind Cat. They’re cowering.

“Midoriya,” Tokoyami gasps, wide-eyed. And this is what finally snaps both him and Shouto out of their trance.

“Tokoyami, go get help,” Shouto says, brain completely flipped into business mode. Tokoyami nods and runs off without another word, and Shouto sprints across the room towards Izuku.

It’s only when he gets closer that he sees streaks of blood running down Izuku’s face where tears would be. Except when he looks closer he sees actual tears there, too. Shouto’s knees hit paint-splattered hardwood floors, and his mind goes into overdrive.

“Izuku,” he tries, keeping his voice low. “Izuku, Izuku talk to me, what happened?”

Izuku doesn’t answer. It’s like he doesn’t even hear him. All he does is pull on his hair harder and curl into himself further, until Shouto can’t tell whether or not he’s breathing.

Shouto’s mind races. Talking to him isn’t working. Reasoning with him isn’t working. His mind races and rages, jumping between several trains of thought at once while he tries assessing what this means. Golden tendrils mean he’s using his Quirk to its fullest, which means he can’t turn it off, which means he turns it in on himself, which means he cries blood, which means he’s going to hurt himself, which means if they want to turn his Quirk off, then—

Shouto scrambles to his feet again and nearly trips several times on his way to the night stand. He yanks open the first drawer, which is filled with a combination of sheathed knives (all with initials carved in the hilts, he notices) and gel pens. He slams it shut and yanks open the second one. It’s full of notebooks, but that’s it. Slowly but surely, Shouto begins to lose it.

The third drawer is full of sketch paper filled with colorful drawings and doodles. But not what he’s looking for. He slams it shut and straightens up, running both hands through his hair, trying to steady his breathing.

That’s when he notices something shiny clamped between Cat’s teeth.

He sprints over, and the dog must know exactly what he wants, because Cat drops it into Shouto’s hand the moment Shouto reaches for it. At first, he’s relieved; but then the syringe actually lands in his palm, and Shouto realizes it’s much lighter than what it should be.

A second later he realizes that it’s empty.

Another second later, the realization dawns on him.

“He’s… out of...”

Shit shit shit shit shit—

Shouto leaves Cat and the cats and returns to Izuku, who hasn’t moved at all since Shouto left him. “Izuku,” Shouto tries, “Izuku, you have to calm down, please, just, breathe, relax, we’ll get it turned off, just—”

He doesn’t actually know what happens. He meets Izuku’s molten eyes for a brief second, and then he’s seeing stars as the back of his head connects with the wall. He hits the floor, and distantly, he hears Cat barking and a door swinging open, but it’s very faint.

“—roki—!”

Someone is by him, grabbing him by the arm and pulling him upright. Shouto tries batting them away, because he isn’t hurt and they need to be focused on Izuku right now, not him, but Iida only grips his arm tighter.

“Are you alright?” Iida demands, looking him into the eyes. “What happened?”

Aizawa is kneeling in front of Izuku now, with his hands grasping Izuku’s shoulders tightly. Shouto watches for a moment, and the stars finally fade from his line of sight. It hadn’t really hurt, but he’d never been physically attacked by Izuku outside of training and the sports festival.

Shouto tries getting his breath back. He tries answering, but all he can manage is a small, breathless, “I—I-I—”

Izuku isn’t looking at him, but his eyes are open and wide with horror. Aizawa is speaking to him, trying to get his attention, but nothing’s working. It’s like Izuku is on an entirely different plane of reality.

Shouto finds his voice somehow. “I-I...I don’t know.”

Iida’s eyes widen further.

“Midoriya, calm down,” Aizawa is saying, gently but firmly. “I can’t turn off your Quirk unless you release some of your control. You’ll be alright, but you need to trust me. Okay? You need to trust me.”

Shouto doesn’t know how it snaps him out of it, but it certainly seems to. Izuku takes in a long, shuddering breath that sounds every bit as painful as Shouto knows it is, and it’s followed by a small round of harsh, wet coughs. Aizawa holds him by the shoulders, but is visibly more calm than before. His eyes flash red, and the gold fades from Izuku’s eyes and arms until it’s gone altogether.

For a couple painfully long, painfully tense moments, Izuku breathes and the tortured silence goes on.

“S-Shouto?” Izuku’s voice is small, and he lowers his hands from his hair slowly. His eyes are wide with fear and tears. “I-I—oh god what did I—”

“I’m fine,” Shouto says, trying to keep his voice even. “Just kind of shaken up, but I’m fine, I promise. It’s not your fault, I shouldn’t have grabbed you like that.”

Izuku doesn’t seem to get it. “I-I didn’t—S-Shouto—”

Shouto pulls Iida’s hand off his arm and slides himself forward. Aizawa moves out of the way, and this time, Shouto holds out an arm and waits for Izuku to make the first move. Izuku crawls forward slowly, hesitantly, but his forehead touches Shouto’s shoulder, and Shouto takes it as an okay to wrap an arm around him. His shirt will probably be stained with the blood on Izuku’s face, but that’s okay. He doesn’t care.

Mrrow?

Izuku stiffens and sits up, and Shouto lets him go. Rainbow and the rest of the cats are peaking around Cat’s side with wide, fearful eyes.

“W-Wait—n-no, I-I—” Izuku reaches for them, but doesn’t move elsewise. “I’m sorry, I-I didn’t mean—I-I didn’t mean to scare you, I—p-please don’t—d-don’t leave me, I’m so—I’m so sorry—”

It’s probably one of the hardest things Shouto has ever had to watch. He wants to say something, do something; and one glance at Iida and Aizawa tell him they’re feeling the same kind of desperation; but the cats respond. With Rainbow bravely (but cautiously) leading the charge, they patter over to Izuku, mrrowing their concerns. Izuku sobs and drags the closest ones into his arms, hugging them against his chest tightly. They don’t even seem to mind. The rest of the cats crawl into his lap, try standing on his arms to bop his face, and Izuku buries his face into their fur and cries harder.

Cat trots over and plants himself in between Iida and Shouto, and almost instinctively, Shouto reaches out to pet the dog. So does Iida. Cat leans forward enough to lick Izuku’s hair, and Izuku doesn’t respond to it.

“Iida, Todoroki.” The two look up to meet Aizawa’s eyes. “Go to Recovery Girl. Todoroki, get your head checked out.”

“I’m fine,” Shouto insists, but Aizawa shoots him a stern look that he can’t argue with. He rises to his feet, giving Cat one final pat on the head and Izuku one final longing look. Izuku doesn’t look back at him. Once Iida is on his feet, he and Shouto make their way across the room and out the door.

The entirety of Class 1-A is there, with Tokoyami standing in front of the group with everyone else crowded around anxiously.

“Is he okay?”

“What happened?”

“We heard a thump—”

“Is he alright? Where is he?”

It’s Iida who answers while Shouto is overwhelmed. “He’ll be alright,” Iida says, “Aizawa-sensei is with him. But you shouldn’t stand around anxiously. If you must do something, you can report to Aizawa and ask if there’s something you might do. Otherwise, it might be best to stay out of the way.”

The response is a collective nod, and Yaoyorozu steps into Izuku’s bedroom to see what she can do. Iida takes Shouto by the forearm and guides him away, and now that he’s been walking for a bit, Shouto is definitely starting to feel it in his head. He doesn’t think Izuku hit him hard enough to give him a concussion, but still.

“Iida, can I ask you something?”

Iida turns to him, listening. Shouto glances over his shoulder, and when he’s sure they aren’t being followed, he asks, “What did Izuku say to you earlier? When you asked him how he was feeling?”

Iida takes in a sharp breath. He stops walking.

“... He said, ‘I feel like I’m dying. And I don’t know how much longer I can take it.’”

Shouto doesn’t have a concussion, but Recovery Girl bandages his head anyway and sends him off with pain meds. Shouto still doesn’t know what actually happened, because he doesn’t remember being grabbed and shoved; but then again, his senses had been out of whack, so anything could have happened and he probably wouldn’t know any better.

When they arrive back at Heights Alliance, it’s to find all of their classmates once again gathered in the common room--only this time, it’s with blankets, pillows, sleeping bags, the likes. They all have some kind of flashlight; Sero and a few others have glowsticks around their arms and necks, and Kaminari is passing more out.

“Here,” he says, handing two to Shouto and two to Iida. “Hold onto these.”

Shouto and Iida exchange glances, then move to join their classmates on the floor. It’s now that he notices the cats also have little glowstick-necklaces, and they’re prowling around a small, huddled Izuku, who has no glowsticks at all.

Aizawa sits beside him, and when Kaminari passes, he hands three glowsticks necklaces to Aizawa, who puts two around his neck and one on top of Izuku’s head like a crown. Izuku either doesn’t notice or doesn’t mind.

“We decided to camp out tonight!” Ashido informs Shouto and Iida with an energy level that shouldn’t be possible considering how late it is. “Aizawa-sensei said he was going to stay with Midori-chan anyway, so we thought why not just have a big sleepover or something?”

There’s something forced about her smile, Shouto thinks, when he looks at her a little closer. Even Kaminari’s smile looks forced as he makes a second round to hand out the remaining glowsticks. The entire atmosphere is tense, even with the colorful, festive lights of the glowsticks and the purring of the cats as they prowl the room and climb on their people.

Shouto breaks away from Iida and approaches Izuku slowly. Izuku doesn’t look at him, and Shouto takes a breath and sinks to the floor beside him in front of the couch. Izuku intentionally turns away, hugging his knees to his chest with a bright pink glowstick on top of his dark hair. Shouto doesn’t say anything; he clicks the glowstick necklaces around his neck and finds a comfortable position, leaning against the front of the couch. Sitting on Izuku’s other side, Aizawa pets Teacup and says nothing.

Eventually, Izuku draws in a shuddering breath. The blood has been wiped from his face, it would seem, but the tear tracks are fresh and his voice shakes. “S-Shouto, I—I-I didn’t—are you okay?”

“I’m fine,” Shouto replies evenly. “I’ve had worse during training, much worse. It’s okay, really.”

Izuku doesn’t seem to agree. Shouto fiddles with one of his glowstick-necklaces for a moment, thinking, warring—then he unclasps it and holds it out for Izuku to see. This one in particular has a bright green hue to it.

“Can I?” Shouto asks.

Izuku’s irises reflect the light of the glowstick, and it’s now that Shouto sees the tears gathering in the corners of his eyes. He nods, finally, and Shouto carefully loops the necklace around Izuku’s neck and clasps it at the end. He sees Kirishima’s friendship bracelet still on Izuku’s wrist; Shouto’s is on his own wrist, too. He never really takes it off.

He sits back once the glowstick is in place, and Izuku reaches up to run his fingers over it.

“You can take it off if you don’t want it,” Shouto says.

But Izuku shakes his head. “I-It’s okay,” he says quietly, lowering his hand. “...Shouto, I—I-I’m sorry. I’m really sorry. I-I didn’t mean to—”

Against his better judgement, Shouto decides to risk it. He settles an arm around Izuku’s shoulders and pulls him closer, until their foreheads touch.

“I’m not hurt,” Shouto says. “I’m just glad you’re okay.”

He hears and feels Izuku’s sob more than he sees it, and he releases Izuku’s shoulders as he wipes his eyes.

“Do you want another glowstick?” Kaminari asks, holding one out to him. This one in particular is very bright, and once Izuku is done brushing away his tears, he nods and takes it.

“We have more blankets, too, Izuku,” Yaoyorozu says, pushing two towards him. “I know you have a difficult time regulating your own temperature sometimes, and the common room can get rather cold at night.”

“The hot cocoa offer still stands,” says Satou, looking about ready to jump to his feet and head into the kitchen. “Anytime you want it, just say the word.”

Izuku doesn’t respond, and eventually Jirou takes the blankets from the floor, shakes them out, and tosses them right over his head. Shouto yanks them away from his face, and Izuku wraps them around him tightly, looking away again.

“Oh! Can I tell a story?” Hagakure says, looking way too excited considering she’s… just a floating pair of clothes… “I know a lot of great stories, and most of them are really happy, too! I could share some!”

“It’s kind of late, though, isn’t it?” says Sero, scratching his cheek. “Aizawa-sensei?”

Aizawa sighs and shakes his head. “I can’t imagine it being easy to fall asleep after all that,” he says, “so if you can’t sleep right now, that’s alright. Go ahead and tell your story if you want to, Hagakure. Just don’t drag it out.”

“But I thought you said we can stay up later!”

“Yes but my long-suffering isn’t going to last that long.”

Hagakure pouts (seems to, anyway), but goes into her story anyway while the others listen. Bakugou complains about how cheesy it is (he still has that washable marker on his face—Shouto wonders why he hasn’t taken it off), but aside from that, no one protests. Before anyone can launch into another story (and before Aizawa blows a fuse), Yaoyorozu brings up making shadow figures with their flashlights, and that’s the next thing they do to occupy themselves. Making shapes, laughing and pointing at each other’s, sometimes crossing over flashlight beams and putting on entire stories with their hand shadows.

Shouto doesn’t realize Izuku isn’t paying attention until he turns to look into his eyes. Izuku appears to have tipped over, and his head is resting against Aizawa’s arm with closed eyes and steady breathing.

Shouto meets Aizawa’s gaze, and Aizawa shakes his head, which Shouto takes as a bad sign. He glances at Izuku, then focuses on the shadow figures once more to occupy himself from his rising fear.

Something had happened tonight. Izuku had seen something; in a dream, a nightmare, something. Shouto didn’t know.

But he’d never seen Izuku look so scared before. And Izuku had never lashed out at him like that. As much as Shouto wants to ask him and needs to know, he doesn’t dare. He’s scared of what he’ll find if he does.
Chapter 47
Notes:

    Aaaaa here we go, into the manga spoilers now! This is your last warning if you're an anime-only and don't wanna get spoiled!

    That said, thanks everyone so much for all your support!! Really, really means the world to me, so thank you all!! Before we get into it, art!

    aspectnotarized

    Thank you so much!! :D Enjoy the chapter everyone! (And hang in there with me for a happy ending!)

Chapter Text

The morning after is rough. Shouta didn’t get a wink of sleep, which isn’t exactly unusual; but the circumstances here left him worried, which made the night awake even more exhausting than usual. Plus being constantly concerned for Midoriya wasn’t the best way to spend his night.

His one saving grace was the cats, who for some reason didn’t settle and kept wandering around to Shouta for pets when they weren’t watching over Izuku. Cat (the dog) was flopped over in Izuku’s lap for a good majority of the night, and Shouta supposed the cats trusted him to keep an eye on their person, because Shouta isn’t sure they’d leave him otherwise.

Shouta doesn’t wake up. The sun rises, and one by one, his students begin to awaken. Some of them—particularly Iida and Yaoyorozu—are up at dawn, the moment sunlight begins to stream through the common room windows.

“Is he okay?” Yaoyorozu asks in a soft voice, barely rising over a whisper.

Shouta gives a shrug. It’s subtle, but with Midoriya practically sprawled in his lap, he’s noticed kid’s been losing weight again. So he’s not really sure how to answer Yaoyorozu.

“I’m sure he’ll be fine,” he says, and he believes that, at least. “He just needs… time. And a lot of space.”

Except giving Midoriya space, especially now, is dangerous. He’d almost overdosed on Quirk suppressants a while ago while sick, and now last night is still fresh in Shouta’s mind.

Yaoyorozu offers to take care of the cats’ litterboxes while Iida goes to find something to make for breakfast when the time comes.

Shouto wakes up next, and he wakes up as though he’d been suddenly kicked in the side, unlike Iida and Yaoyorozu’s slow awakenings. He realizes where he is and remembers what happened quickly, and his panic evens out as he looks to Shouta and Midoriya.

Shouta evenly tells him the same thing he’d told Iida and Yaoyorozu, and Shouto scoots a little closer to Midoriya and leans against the couch. He doesn’t sleep again, but he looks exhausted.

Around six o’clock is when Uraraka wakes up, accidentally kicks Tsuyu, and her frantic apologizing rouses Ashido, who doesn’t know what an “inside voice” is to save her life. Before long, the majority of Class 1-A is awake, with exceptions like Satou, Tokoyami, Bakugou, and the rest of the heavier sleepers.

By six thirty, with the students bundled in blankets and speaking in low, hushed voices, Shouta realizes what he has to do. He manages to pull his arm out from underneath Midoriya’s head without waking him; the pins and needles strike his arm for a good minute or so, but once it’s over with, he withdraws his phone from his back pocket.

[MESSAGING: “TEACHER GROUP CHAT”]

[Aizawa Shouta]
Kids are out. Class 1-A will not be attending any classes today.

[Nedzu (The Rat)]
I see. Thank you for the information! I was going to have your class go ahead with their hero moves, but I’ll reschedule for Class 1-B to do it instead!
@BloodKing Sorry for the short notice, but your class has the field today for their hero moves! Class 1-A will be taking it tomorrow afternoon instead.

[Blood King]
Ahh, I see.
Your class doing alright, Eraser?

[Aizawa Shouta]
I guess. Not really.
They’re strong but they’re still kids, and I think this has been a lot for them lately.
We might’ve jumped the gun, letting them take their license exams in spite of all this.
We probably should have waited.

[Cementoss]
Well, there’s no going back and changing the past. I will take over for your classes today if you would like to remain with your students.

[Aizawa Shouta]
Yeah I’m not letting Midoriya out of my sight for a long time.
He ran out of Quirk suppressants so until Naomasa can get a clear for more I can’t really leave him unattended.

And a part of Shouta is angry at Midoriya for that, too; not telling him that he’d run out of suppressants. There’s a chance Midoriya hadn’t even noticed, but Shouta finds that unlikely. With how overwhelmed he’s been, he probably just forgot.

[Nedzu (The Rat)]
I could also ask All Might to cover for you as well.
I’m certain he could use the distraction.

[Midnight]
Or, y’know, we could face things like they are and stop trying to “distract” ourselves from them.
Distractions only last for so long. You’ve gotta face things sooner or later.

[Aizawa Shouta]
Pretty sure that’s what Class 1-A did last night. Confided in each other. Finally ripped the bandaid off. They’ll be alright eventually.

[Nedzu (The Rat)]
Well, I’ll leave the decisions to you as far as who takes over what class.
Blood King, either way, Class 1-B has the training field for this afternoon.

[Blood King]
Alright. Eraser, be sure to let me know if there’s anything me or my class can do.

[Aizawa Shouta]
Alright. Maybe a sparring session sometime.
Depending on how everyone’s doing tomorrow.
Well I’m going. Good luck with everything.

[AIZAWA SHOUTA is OFFLINE]

“Aizawa-sensei? Is everything okay?”

Shouta turns to Tsuyu and sighs longly, slipping his phone back into his pocket. “Yeah, don’t worry about it,” he says, shaking his head. “Could you let Yaoyorozu and Iida know we aren’t having classes today?”

Tsuyu nods, pushes herself to her feet, and heads into the kitchen first to inform Iida. She catches Yaoyorozu on her way back into the dorm from dumping out the litter boxes.

“No classes?” Yaoyorozu says, but by the tone of her voice, she already knows and understands why.

“Not today, at least,” Shouta answers. “Tomorrow we can try again. But I don’t think today’s a good idea. Most of you will just end up falling asleep in class anyway, so it’s better for you to just return with a clean slate tomorrow.”

She nods and leaves it at that.

Bakugou wakes up around the same time Kaminari does, and Shouta has to say, he looks absolutely ridiculous with smudged cat whiskers and two dead glowstick necklaces around his neck. But even though he grumbles and complains about Kaminari waking him up, he doesn’t seem particularly upset about being here. Shouta thinks, faintly and to himself, that Bakugou has changed a lot since the beginning of school. He’s changed a lot and he’s changed for the better.

“If I ever have to sit through one of your stories again,” Bakugou says, lowly and threateningly, “I’m gonna blow up the couch.”

If Hagakure’s face was one Shouta could see, he thinks she’d look very offended. “I beg your pardon?”

“You heard me.”

“My stories are fantastic!” Hagakure argues, probably much louder than what she’d meant, because Shouji and Tokoyami snap awake and look around like they’re expecting an attack. “You’re just jealous because you can’t come up with awesome stories like I can!”

“Screw you!”

“Shouldn’t we keep it down?” Yaoyorozu hisses, pressing a finger over her lips. “We don’t want to wake anyone we don’t have to.”

She means Midoriya, but she’s also considering the few of their classmates who hadn’t woken up yet. Bakugou sulks, but says nothing, and Hagakure nods innocently like she had nothing to do with it at all. Tokoyami mutters something about a mad banquet of darkness.

Cat wakes up, and Sero is quick to hop to his feet, grab his leash off the side table, and beckon him towards the door to go outside. Cat stares at him and stubbornly refuses to move from his spot on Midoriya’s lap. He doesn’t actually get up until Shouta reaches over and gives the dog an encouraging shove.

“You can come back when you’re done,” Shouta says, without knowing why considering Cat is a dog and probably can’t understand him whatsoever. “Go on, shoo.”

Cat doesn’t look happy about it, but he obeys and goes with Sero. Once he’s done his business outside, he charges back through the door and slowly puts his head in Midoriya’s lap again. Midoriya doesn’t stir.

Everyone else is awake roughly ten minutes later, and while some of them head into the kitchen to help Iida cook, the rest of them gather up blankets and bring them back to their assigned rooms. Jirou takes the little glowstick necklaces off each cat (except Fistfight, who snarls and lashes at her when she tries) and discards them in a bin, along with her own. It’d been a good idea, the glowsticks; Shouta can’t remember who’d come up with them and who’d actually had them on-hand (or, for that matter, why), but he isn’t complaining.

And then, around the same time breakfast is actually ready, Midoriya wakes up.

Shouta doesn’t know he’s awake at first. He’s so still and so quiet that it’s impossible to tell, right up until Shouta hears a small stammer in his breath. An irregularity in his breathing pattern.

“Hey, kid. You awake?”

He keeps his voice low, just in case Midoriya isn’t, but he gets a nod in response. Shouta doesn’t press for details or even ask him how he’s doing; Midoriya’s selective silence is definitely just that: selective; but Shouta doesn’t know if he’s willing to speak after last night, and he doesn’t want to make the kid feel pressured into answering anything he doesn’t want to.

So the silence remains.

“Is Izu-chan awake?” Tsuyu asks, swinging around the corner. Midoriya nods, and Tsuyu disappears into the kitchen once again. Shouta hears her voice but can’t make out her words.

Kaminari soon emerges from the kitchen, carrying a plate loaded with pancakes. “Hey, Midoriya! Iida found out how to make pancakes and he and Satou made a bunch, you should try them.”

For a second, Shouta thinks he’s going to refuse it, but instead Midoriya reaches out and takes the plate when it’s handed to him. Kaminari beams and retreats into the kitchen once more, hollering “Come and get it!” over his shoulder as he does.

Soon, Shouta and Midoriya are alone in the common room with only the cats and Cat. Even Todoroki got up to head into the kitchen.

“There’s somewhere I need to go.”

Shouta turns to Midoriya, frowning. “What?”

“There’s somewhere I need to go,” Midoriya repeats in a quiet but firm voice. He doesn’t sound irritated, but Shouta doesn’t count on that to not change.

“You aren’t going anywhere today,” Shouta responds. Midoriya’s head whips around towards him, and he intentionally looks the other way. “You aren’t arguing with me on this. Until you can get more Quirk suppressants, you’re staying here.”

“But—Aizawa-sensei, I have—”

“What?” Shouta asks. “What do you have to do that’s so important?”

Midoriya’s eyes widen, and he turns away sharply—which is exactly what Shouta was expecting him to do.

“I already don’t know where you’re going when you leave the campus,” Shouta goes on. “Maybe if you told me where you were going we could arrange something.”

Midoriya doesn’t answer, and honestly at this point, Shouta is done with the whole “personal space” thing. At least until he learns a thing or two.

“You do realize that your safety is my responsibility, don’t you?”

Midoriya hesitates, but nods smally.

“So don’t you think if I’m going to let you go, then I deserve to know where?”

Midoriya bites his lip, but he doesn’t answer at all this time.

“Midoriya, where have you been going?”

“The… forest. To vent.”

“Is that where you need to go now?”

“... No.”

Shouta frowns and quirks an eyebrow at him. “Midoriya…”

“It’s important,” Midoriya says, voice small. “It’s—it’s not anywhere bad or dangerous, just—i-it’s important. To me.”

Shouta wants to tell him no, to say that Midoriya isn’t going anywhere without him, but… at the same time…

“... Alright. When you get more Quirk suppressants, and depending on how you’re feeling, I don’t mind if you leave the campus for a bit. Granted it’s still alright with Nedzu.”

Midoriya doesn’t smile or show any sign of excitement otherwise. He merely nods. “Thank you. When can I get more Quirk suppressants?”

“I’ll text Naomasa,” Shouta says, already pulling out his phone to do just that. “And considering the way things are going right now, I have no doubt he’ll be able to get them to you soon. It’s going to have to go through your mother, too, which means she’ll have to know what’s going on.”

“That’s okay,” Midoriya says, but his voice is much quieter now than before. “I-I tell her most everything anyway. I don’t have any secrets to keep from her.”

Shouta doesn’t like his tone of voice, but he dismisses it and goes back to his phone. It doesn’t take long for him to find Naomasa’s contact and send a message.

[Aizawa Shouta]
Midoriya ran out of Quirk suppressants, and he needs them as soon as possible.

[Naomasa Tsukauchi]
I thought it’d been a long time since we got him another order. I’ll contact his mother so she can let his doctor know, and I’ll go ahead and start a letter of approval. Thanks.

[Aizawa Shouta]
Thanks. And I don’t mean to rush you but things are going pretty rough for him right now, so the sooner you can have it done, the better it is for everyone.

[Naomasa Tsukauchi]
Yeah, figured as much. I’ll do my best.

[Aizawa Shouta]
Thanks.

[NAOMASA TSUKAUCHI is OFFLINE]

“Naomasa’s gonna work on it,” Shouta says, stuffing his phone in his back pocket again. “Once the approval goes through you’ll have the suppressants in no time.”

Midoriya nods stiffly, pushing a pancake around his plate with a fork. Shouta doesn’t push him to actually eat (yet), but he’ll have to speak with Iida and Yaoyorozu about that. If Midoriya stops eating altogether, then something has to be done.

It isn’t the first time Izuku has run out of Quirk suppressants, but it’s the first time Naomasa contacted her first. Usually Izuku comes and tells her when he’s out, and she’ll handle discussing things with his doctor and Naomasa; but this time it’s Naomasa who calls her one late morning on the topic of Quirk suppressants.

“Aizawa told me he’s out,” Naomasa says, and Inko doesn’t think he’s ever sounded so drawn and exhausted. “It’s kind of an urgent case, I think, getting him more. I don’t know how well you know the situation.”

Not at all is the answer. She knows what’d happened to Kirishima and she’s been in contact with Izuku, but he hasn’t come to see her in a long time. And since she knows that he would come to her if he wanted to see her, she didn’t try pushing him into anything or forcing him to see her if he wanted space.

But she’s out of the loop. Izuku is out of Quirk suppressants and something bad had happened.

Naomasa gets in the order, Inko calls Izuku’s doctor, and after about an hour of discussion and arranging later, Inko is driving back to U.A. with a plastic container of Quirk suppressants in the passenger seat.  

When she arrives at the school once again, she parks outside, uses her ID to get through the gates, and heads straight for Heights Alliance. She’d called Aizawa beforehand, and he’s expecting her.

The door is shut, and there’s no doorbell in sight, so she raises a fist and raps her knuckles against the surface thrice. She hears a bit of a rustle from inside, and a moment later, the door swings open to reveal not Aizawa, and not Izuku, but Kouda.

Kouda smiles at her, and she smiles back and waves with her free hand. Izuku’s things? Kouda asks, stepping out of the doorway so she can come inside.

Inko nods, kicks off her shoes in the entryway while Kouda shuts the door behind her, and he leads her into the common room.

Over the years, she’s become rather proficient at hiding her emotions, specifically for Izuku’s sake. She’s learned how to maintain an even, stoic face even while her heart pounds and clenches, and she’s done it because she knows he doesn’t like seeing her in distress. She knows how much it hurts him to see her upset for his sake.

So that’s what she does now. She suppresses her fear and her panic, takes in a deep breath to calm her pounding heart, then goes with Kouda into the common room.

The sight before her is not one she’d been expecting.

There are three couches pushed together to make one long one, and all the students are either draped over the back or on the actual cushions. Shouto and Yaoyorozu (Inko recognizes her only from the sports festival) sit on either side of Izuku. They both have game controllers; on the back of the couch behind them, Bakugou and Kaminari (who she also recognizes from the sports festival) have game controllers, also. Cat is curled at Izuku’s feet, and the cats either cling to the couch or curl up with the students. Everyone else is whooping and hollering at whatever is going on on the television.

“Get him, Todoroki!”

“Go go go, Yaoyorozu!”

“Bakugou, grab the mystery thing!”

“Use the shell, use the shell—!”

“You’re gonna come in last if you don’t step on it, Kaminari!”

“I’m stepping on it—!”

And so on and so forth.

Izuku looks, in a word, drained. She’s seen this kind of look in his eyes before, but she hasn’t seen it in a very long time.

When she adopted him, she’d already gained his trust, but that didn’t mean there weren’t difficulties. The day after she brought him home, he went missing for a startlingly long amount of time, until she finally found him alone in the closet. She’d brought him blankets and stuffed animals and left him to be by himself—except, about half an hour later, she’d gone back and he’d asked her to join him so he didn’t have to be alone anymore.

The look in his eyes now reminds her of the look in his eyes way back when, the first time she found him in the closet alone after bringing him home. Except, unlike back then, he isn’t alone. While he doesn’t look particularly happy, he’s leaning against Yaoyorozu’s side, relaxed.

He hasn’t noticed Inko yet. None of them have. As much as Inko wants to pull Izuku aside, hug him, maybe talk to him if he wants to talk, she doesn’t want to ruin this moment for him. If he’s calm and relaxed—and it would seem that he is—then there’s nothing more for her to do.

She nudges Kouda on the shoulder, and he turns to her with a curious frown. She presses the plastic box into his hands.

You can give this to Izuku for me, she says, smiling.

Kouda blinks. Not staying? he asks with one hand.

She shakes her head. You’re doing a good job taking care of Izuku, she says. If you can, please tell everyone thank you from me. He’s having a hard time now and it might not be obvious, but he appreciates it. He’s glad he has you.

Kouda smiles at her brightly and says, It’s okay. We know how he feels. And we’re just as glad to have him.

Inko is surprised at first—except, it makes sense. She knows how much these students love Izuku and she knows how much Izuku loves them. It would only make sense for them to be able to read him the way she reads him. To know what he’s feeling without seeing the emotion in his face.

“You’ve got this!”

“COME ON MOMO!! COME ON!”

“TODOROKI!”

“Dag nabbit I have good money on Kaminari! Don’t fail me, dude!”

“COME ON COME ON COME ON—!”

Inko thanks Kouda one final time and bows out of the room, just in time to hear the students erupt into cheers as, it would seem Yaoyorozu, crossed the finish line first in whatever game they were playing. With a smile to herself, she heads out of Heights Alliance and back to her own building across the campus

 

Considering how bad last night had been, today is going smoothly. That’s what Shouto thinks, anyway, as he passes the game controller on to Ashido to go up against Satou, Iida, and Yaoyorozu (the champion currently, despite Izuku practically laying on her arm) in Mario Kart. There have been no incidents today at all, Izuku isn’t scared of sitting next to him anymore, and the cats wander around freely while Cat sleeps at Izuku’s feet.

So far, today is a good day and Shouto only hopes that it lasts.

Kouda returns a little while later and takes his spot beside Shouto on the couch again. Inko, Kouda tells him while Izuku is focused on the screen. She brought Izuku’s suppressants by.

Shouto nods his understanding. On-screen, the race begins, and everyone is whooping and hollering once more. Izuku doesn’t seem to mind the racket; his eyes are still dark (with tiny flecks of gold when Shouto looks closely enough), and he isn’t startled by all the yelling and shouting. Shouto is relieved.

They pass the controllers around the group until the finalists—namely Yaoyorozu, Izuku (who is freakishly good at the game despite only having played it a couple times in the past), Shouto (like Izuku), and Jirou, who said that she spent a lot of her pass-time as a child playing video games.

Aizawa returns from talking with Nedzu (about what, Shouto didn’t have a clue), and Kouda meets him by the door, no doubt to inform him that Inko dropped off Izuku’s suppressants. Aizawa checks on them in the common room, and once he’s sure everyone’s alright, he heads into the kitchen to make himself a pot of coffee.

(Yes, an entire pot. It’s been a long day.)

That’s basically how the rest of the day is spent. Playing video games, trying to best each other (though Yaoyorozu and Izuku always come out on top one way or another), and while Izuku doesn’t seem any happier than this morning (or even last night), he’s definitely more relaxed and at ease.

That’s a victory.

“We should probably head to bed for now,” Iida mentions when they finish what has to be their thirtieth round of Mario Kart. “I know it’s earlier than usual for us to be going to sleep, but after last night, I think it’s fair to say we all could use the extra shut-eye. Izuku.” He turns to him. “Do you think you’ll be alright for school tomorrow?”

Izuku pauses a moment, then gives a small, careless shrug. “I’ll be okay,” he says at long last. “As long as nothing else happens tonight.”

I put your suppressants in your room, Kouda says, just in Izuku’s line of sight. They’re on your dresser.

Izuku blinks, confused, but he doesn’t ask or argue. Instead he nods, and the students rise from their spots on the couch (Bakugou is still kind of suking about losing not just once, not just twice, but a total of five times), say goodnight to each other, and head for their respective dorm rooms. Shouto can’t help but notice that Midoriya hesitates for a moment outside Kirishima’s closed, empty room before continuing on and disappearing into his own.

Shouto heads into his room, but leaves the door cracked intentionally, just in case.

It turns out to be a good idea, because some time later, Shouto is woken up by a small weight dipping the futon. Shouto doesn’t ask questions; Izuku has been staying with him almost every night since the incident, and even though Shouto doesn’t even know when he comes in the room half the time (he’s just so quiet), he isn’t bothered by it. He’d told Izuku it was okay and he still stands by that.

“Izuku?”

“Sorry,” Izuku replies quietly, “I just, erm…”

“It’s okay,” Shouto says, scooting over and lifting the blankets, just like he does whenever he’s awake and Izuku comes to his room.

But Izuku shakes his head. “I-I… I’m kind of nervous about, sleeping right next to you after… last night, but I don’t… I don’t really want to be alone and I don’t know where else to go so can I just… sleep on the opposite side of the futon? I have a suppressant with me.”

“For sure,” Shouto says, nodding. “Do you want me to get an extra blanket or something?”

“I brought one. Thank you, though.”

Shouto nods, and Izuku settles down. About five minutes later and they’re both laying on opposite sides of the futon, with their backs to each other. After a moment of reveling in the darkness, Shouto inhales and speaks.

“You didn’t mean to hurt me, Izuku. It’s not your fault.”

Izuku doesn’t answer for so long that Shouto thinks perhaps he’s fallen asleep. But then,

“... I know. I know I didn’t mean to. But I still did and forgiveness doesn’t change that.”

That’s fair, Shouto thinks, but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t hurt. “Izuku, I’m not scared of you.”

A beat. When Izuku’s voice comes, it’s small and fragile.

“... Maybe you should be.”

It isn’t a threat. He states it like it’s a fact. For some reason, that makes it hurt even worse.

Shouto doesn’t sleep easy that night, not because he’s worried Izuku is going to lose it again, but because he’s worried about Izuku. He’s not sure if Izuku is only evening out his breathing because he’s relaxed or if he’s actually asleep. He can’t tell.

Shouto must have fallen asleep at some point, though, because he wakes up the next morning with Izuku curled against his back. Shouto panics at first, only because he doesn’t know how Izuku would react to waking up in this position, but he’s sleeping soundly, and eventually, Shouto shuts his eyes and lets it go. He’ll be okay.

And if he wakes up and it turns out he isn’t, well, Shouto is sure Aizawa wouldn’t mind giving Izuku a bit extra time recovering.

It’s hard to say exactly what’s going through Toshinori’s mind when he enters one of U.A.’s training fields to find the Class 1-A students mercilessly wrecking Ectoplasm’s look-alikes while shouting different words and phrases at the tops of their lungs. —Except he soon surmises that they’re working on their official hero moves.

Even so, his thoughts and emotions are all over the place. Coming back here, while Kirishima is still in the hospital and his classmates are struggling through that, feels unnatural. Wrong, even.

Not to mention Midoriya looks almost as terrible as he did the day Toshinori first met him. A part of Toshinori is concerned he’ll topple right off the plateau on which he stands. He doesn’t, of course (there’s no way Aizawa would let him participate in class if he was in that bad of shape), but the worry is still there.

He doesn’t voice it, though. Instead he moves to stand beside Aizawa and watches the students have at it. They’d all passed their license exam, he’d heard; he’s proud of all of them, rightfully.

“Now it’s time for my special move!” Sero says dramatically, sprinting across a high-rise towards one of Ectoplasm’s copies. “Special move take one: Office Supplies!” The tape shoots from his arms, winds around the copy, and with a swift yank, Ectoplasm’s copy melts into nothing.

“Boo!” shouts Ashido, cupping her acid-dripping hands around her mouth.

“Anticlimactic,” Kaminari adds, shaking his head.

“Screw you!” Sero hollers down at both of them. “At least I’m trying to come up with a cool move!”

Midoriya, meanwhile, has his eyes closed and his hands touched together. He takes a deep breath in, lets it out, and when he opens his eyes, his irises are gold.

"̨̨T̶̛o̡͟t̷̡al ̛͠d͟ę̧p̷͢r̡i͟͜v҉a͜͝t͘i̷̡on̴͠,͜" he says; Ectoplasm’s copy falls immediately.

“Good going, Midoriya,” Aizawa shouts up to him. “Nice finishing move. Be careful not to use all of your Quirk right now.”

“I will be,” Midoriya says, completely normal.

“Wait, what the heck happened to your voice?” Kaminari asks, making his way over with Satou and Ashido right behind him. “That was weird.”

“Oh,” Midoriya says, shaking his head. He looks very tired. “It’s nothing. I found out I could do it a while back, once I figured out how to use my Quirk better.”

“So you can do that weird voice thing whenever you want?” Ashido gapes.

Midoriya looks her dead in the eyes and says, with three different voices, "͟͝Ţha͠t̡'̷̛s͢͠͡ ̡͘a̕͡n̨͏ ̧e̢x̴̨҉c̵̢ęl͢͡l͝e̴n̨̕t҉ ̡q͡͞͡ų͞ȩ͠s̢t͠i҉o̕͘n̷҉͠.҉" ͡

Sero snorts, and Ashido looks betrayed.

“Keep it moving!” Aizawa shouts, clapping his hands together harshly. “You don’t have time to fool around all day, keep working on those moves!”

Ectoplasm conjures up two more replicas in front of Midoriya, who takes to them immediately with molten eyes.

"̶͝B̕l̨͞in̵̕͡d͡͏ ͞m͞a҉҉n̨͘'͟s̴ b͡lu̷͢͡f̴f,̸̶̨"͟͢ ̵̡͡ Midoriya announces, and Ectoplasm’s copies double over and stumble forward for a second. “Okay,” Midoriya assesses, “not really a finishing move...how about S̛͢c̶͘͝a͝͏le̡̧s͝ ͘o͜f ͝Jư͟s̡͢͜t͘įc̵͜͏e̷͡.͏̡"̸͟ ̶͞

Both Ectoplasms tilt to the side and smash into each other. They turn into goop and disappear into the ground.

If he’d been drinking water, Sero would have done a spit-take. “Those move-names are so cheesy,” Sero says, holding his stomach.

"Yo̴u̷r f̡ace̛ is c̵h͟ee̸s̵y.̧"̧

“Hey, Midoriya,” Kaminari says, peeking down at him when he thinks Aizawa isn’t looking, “say ‘bubbles.’”

“Bubbles.”

“No, with the demon voice.”

"̶̸͢B̢u̸b̷b҉lę͟͝s.̧͟"͜͝

Kaminari wheezes so long and so hard that Toshinori thinks it might warrant a trip to Recovery Girl. Thankfully, a quick slug on the shoulder from Jirou seems to knock him out of it.

“Well, we’ll be handing over the training field to Class 1-B in just a few minutes,” Aizawa says, “so go ahead and finish up. You’ll have plenty of time to work on these more at a later date. Once you’re finished, you’re dismissed for your dorm.”

The students finish up quickly and disperse. Many of them come say hi to Toshinori and offer a smile, and Toshinori returns the gesture. He’s sure they’re still weirded out by the fact that All Might has always been a scrawny, sickly dude, but that’s just something else that’ll take time to overcome.

However, Midoriya approaches not Toshinori, but Aizawa.  He doesn’t say anything, but Aizawa reacts as though he had, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a slip of paper.

“Here, kid,” he says. “Make sure you’re back in an hour, alright?”

Midoriya nods, bows, and sets off. Toshinori watches until the doors shut behind him and turns to Aizawa.

“Where’s he off to?”

Aizawa shakes his head. “To be honest, I don’t know. Off-campus somewhere. He said it was really important, but he wouldn’t tell me where it was. If it was up to me, I’d be more inclined to have him stay here, but you know how Nedzu is. He doesn’t really think all that clearly.”

Toshinori glances over at the closed doors like he’s expecting Midoriya to be right there, but of course he isn’t.

“Well,” Aizawa says, “now that they’re well into their hero moves and have their licenses, we should be ready for the next step pretty soon. It won’t be much longer now.”

Toshinori feels a weight in his heart. “It seems almost...wrong,” he voices quietly, finally. He’s been silent about this for too long. “To continue without Kirishima, I mean.”

Aizawa drags a hand over his face slowly, pinching the bridge of his nose. “If I think too much about it I’ll end up losing my mind,” he says, shaking his head. “Right now, I’m just trying to keep everyone’s heads facing forward so they don’t end up losing their minds, too.”

Toshinori inhales longly, but he can accept that. He nods. "So, as for the internships,” he begins slowly. “...Are we moving forward with them?"

"No," Aizawa answers, lowering his hand from his face. “No, definitely not doing that just yet. The license exam is one thing, but for a several-week internship... it's bad timing. And… I'm not sure sending everyone out onto the field is a good idea right now. Maybe this spring, after everything’s kind of… blown over."

Toshinori nods stiffly. "Right. Makes sense."

Aizawa doesn't say anything more, and Toshinori falls silent likewise.

It's been a long time since Takeda last saw Izuku. He's been so worried and focused on Eijirou that Izuku has been almost completely lost to his mind.

It isn’t that he doesn’t care about the boy, and it isn’t that he hasn’t thought about him, because he has. He’s thought about him and he’s wondered how he’s doing; he wonders if he’d like to visit Eijirou if given the chance; he wonders if he’s doing okay on his own. But his thoughts were mostly occupied with keeping his wife comforted, his own thoughts hopeful, and of course, Eijirou in general. Everything else—Izuku included—ended up shoved into the back of his mind to deal with later.

But then one day, he bumps into Izuku on the streets.

He'd been running errands in town while Haruka sat with Eijirou at the hospital; Takeda has decided to do a bit of traveling, gathering ingredients from different sectors for Eijirou's favorite food whenever he gets home. He also needs to get more dog food, as well as run by a special vet for Fetch's antibiotics.

In other words, it's the last time in the world he'd thought to bump into Izuku.

"Hey, Izuku!"

The boy turns to him sharply, eyes widening. He'd been looking through the window of a sweet shop, and beside him stands a large, fluffy dog with two smaller fluffy things on his back. Takeda doesn't realize what they are until he gets closer.

"Takeda-san," Izuku murmurs, meeting his eyes. "What are you doing?"

"I should be the one asking that, son," Takeda says with a gentle smile. "U.A. is quite a ways away from here. What have you been up to?"

"Meeting up with someone," Izuku answers, looking down. The dog at his side bumps his nose against Izuku's hand. "Is...is Kiri-chan any better?"

Takeda's smile drops, and he averts his gaze and wrings his hands together for a moment.

"Izuku, son… why not take a walk with me? We can talk."

"I don't mean to sound harsh," Izuku says, "but I know you're stalling. And I'll know if you lie to me, so… please don’t."

Takeda would usually be slightly less okay with a kid speaking to him like this, but he knows Izuku doesn't mean to come across as rude or disrespectful. They're walking down a sidewalk in the nearby park, with the dog trotting at Izuku's side.

"I'll be frank with you," Takeda says, shaking his head, "Eijirou is...not well. He hasn't regained consciousness, and the doctors are starting to think he's in some kind of a coma. His actual life isn't in danger anymore, but..."

Izuku keeps his head forward. Takeda would pay good money to know what was going through his head.

"Izuku, son...why don't you come visit him? The doctors told us he might still be able to hear the people around him, and I'm certain they would be alright with you visiting for a short time. Especially if it was for Eijirou's benefit."

Izuku doesn't look at him, but his brows draw together. "I just...I don't know. Kiri-chan is always so energetic and full of life, I just don't...seeing him like that, I-I just don't… I don't know."

Takeda understands—possibly even more so since he's actually seen Eijirou's state.

"That's alright," Takeda says. He wants to reach over and put his hand on Izuku's shoulder, but holds back. "But if you change your mind, Izuku...I know it would mean a lot. And if not, that's alright, too."

Izuku nods stiffly. "Thank you, Takeda."

"It's alright, son." He can't stop himself this time; he reaches over and ruffles Izuku's hair gently. "It's alright."

Izuku doesn’t answer. Shortly thereafter, he tells Takeda that he has to go catch his train before it’s too late, and Takeda waves goodbye until he’s long out of sight.

I’m scared.

He’s taking me somewhere I don’t want to go. I don’t know where he’s taking me but I know it’s not a good place. He said we were meeting with someone. He said I had to go even though I don’t want to.

I’m scared. The sun is bright and warm and it’s one of the few times I get to see it. Sometimes I forget what the sunlight looks like. But I’m not happy. I don’t want to be here. I didn’t ask to be here. I’m only here because he wants me to be here and he scares me. He hurts me. And that’s why I’m here.

I’m here so he can use me. I don’t think he loves me.

He holds my hand and he guides me into a dark alleyway. I don’t like dark alleys like this because they remind me of home but I’m not scared of them anymore. I’ve seen them too many times for them to scare me now. Besides, I know these aren’t the same hallways as the ones at home. We aren’t home right now and that makes me feel better.

There’s a girl at the end of the alleyway. She has sharp things in her hands, and she’s smiling, but I don’t like it. That’s not the kind of smile anyone should have. That’s not the smile of a nice person. I don’t actually know what a nice kind of smile looks like, but this can’t be one.

“Oooo, you look even cooler in person!” the girl says, and she sounds happy even though her smile is scary. “I’m Toga Himiko! It’s nice to finally meet you, Overhaul!”

He squeezes my hand a little tighter. I don’t like it. “Chisaki will do,” he says shortly. He doesn’t sound angry yet, but that could change. “For casual terms, anyway. Do you have a villain title you want to be known as?”

“Not really!” she replies cheerfully. “Just Toga will do! I’m not into the whole ‘secondary identity’ thing! I’d rather just be Toga!”

“Well, alright,” he says, shaking his head. He reaches into his pocket for a slip of paper, which he then proceeds to hand to her. “Follow these coordinates,” he says. “It’ll lead you to a temporary meeting spot we’ve set up. From there, when we know you aren’t being followed, we’ll continue to our main base.”

“Okay!” She swipes the paper from him and tucks it away in her pocket. “I promise I won’t let you down!”

“Good. I’ll see you then, Toga Himiko.”

She beams one last time—first at him and then at me—before stepping past us and heading down the alley. He tugs at my arm and pulls me in the opposite direction.

“Now, be a good girl, Eri,” he tells me. “Don’t make eye contact. Don’t speak to anyone. Don’t leave my side. If you do, well… let’s just cross that bridge when we come to it. Alright?”

He squeezes my hand again. I don’t like it, but I nod.

“Good girl. Now—”

Something weird happens. We’re close to the end of the alley, but not quite there, and a figure suddenly dashes from the crowd up ahead and kicks Chisaki right in the face.

He releases a holler of pain and stumbles back, accidentally letting go of my hand. I’m too surprised to shout or scream or even realize what’s going on. The figure—the person who’d attacked Chisaki—stands close to me. I can feel anger rolling off of him, but it doesn’t scare me. I know, somehow, that he isn’t angry with me.

I look into his eyes.

He’s short, so he’s probably young like me, but when I look at his face, I don’t actually know how old he is. His face is young but his eyes look very old. And he has scars all over him, from his face to his hands to his arms to his neck—everywhere.

And his eyes are gold. I’ve never seen anything like that before but there’s something about them that I think is really pretty.

“Come on.”

He holds out his hand. Chisaki is on the ground, staring up at nothing. He seems to be awake, but he can’t move.

“I’m not going to hurt you,” the stranger says, and I look at him instead of at Chisaki and I see something that I’ve never seen before. As he holds out his scarred hand, waiting for me to take it, in his eyes I see something that I don’t know what to call. I don’t know the word for it.

Gentleness?

Kindness?

I don’t know enough about those words to know for sure. But I’m not afraid of him like I’m afraid of home or Chisaki. He’s holding out his hand, waiting for me to make the next move, and he’s inviting me to him. He wants to take me away from here.

I put my hand in his, and his fingers close around mine. His hand is cold, but that doesn’t bother me. My hands are probably cold, too.

“W-Wait,” I gasp out, remembering. “W-What about—”

“He’s not going anywhere,” the stranger promises, looking me in the eyes. “I promise you he’s not going anywhere. I’m going to get you away from here and you never, ever have to see him again. Okay?”

I’ve never believed promises before. Chisaki and everyone else made promises all the time. They promised “this time for sure”; they promised “it won’t take long”; they promised “it won’t hurt”; and they’d lied.

But he isn’t lying. I don’t know how I know that but I do.

He squeezes my hand, gently, and I feel safe. He guides me out of the alley, and once we’re on the sidewalk and within the crowds, he scoops me into his arms and he runs.

[Incoming Call - Midoriya Izuku]

Shouta frowns, glancing at the clock. It’s been about four hours since Midoriya left, and this is the first Shouta has heard from him. Without further thought or hesitation, he answers the call and holds the phone to his ear.

“Midoriya? What’s taking you so long? Are you alright?”

There’s rustling on the other end of the line, then what sounds like the jingle of Cat’s collar. And… a small voice he doesn’t recognize, telling the dog to “roll over.”

“Um, yeah, everything’s fine,” comes Midoriya’s voice, but it sounds forced. “Listen, Aizawa—oh, his name’s Cat—no, he’s a dog—I don’t see anything wrong with it—I’m glad you like it—”

Shouta’s mind is racing. “Midoriya, what’s going on?”

“Nothing anymore,” Midoriya replies. “But, uhh… I kind of impulsively kidnapped a little girl.”

Shouta is on his feet, pressing the phone against his ear further. “You what? Midoriya—”

“Whoever she was with was abusing her,” comes Midoriya’s response, and his voice carries a sharpness that it hadn’t held before. “Her name is Eri, and the proof of what he did to her is written all over her. Literally.”

Shouta takes a deep breath to steady his pounding heart. “Alright. Alright, I’m on my way. I’ll inform Naomasa. Where are you?”

“Uhhh, we’re near the Yamanashi Prefecture. You know where the big ramen shop is?”

“Yes.”

“We’re right outside that. I think Glitch’s range wore off, so I don’t know if the guy responsible is still in the alley where I left him, but the girl is safe.”

“Okay.” Shouta makes to leave the office, taking long strides. “Okay, stay where you are. Don’t engage combat unless you have to.”

“Alright. Get here soon.”

The call terminates, and Shouta gets Naomasa on the phone as he heads down the hall towards U.A.’s main gates.

“Eraserhead, what’s wrong?”

“Sorry for the short notice,” Shouta says, “but I need you to dispatch a team to the Yamanashi Prefecture. We have a problem.”
Chapter 48
Notes:

    aaaaaa hi again everyone! sorry for being late with these updates, i took a couple mental health days so there's that. the next couple chapters might take a little longer to get out than usual too so i'm sorry in advance about that kdfgldfgfg.

    but!! i hope you all enjoy the chapter, guys! thanks for all your support and thanks so much for being patient with me. i really appreciate it. <3

    enjoy one more calm chapter before things kick off!

Chapter Text

Eri has no idea who he is, but she likes him a whole lot. The ramen shop doesn't allow dogs, he'd said; which meant that she and Cat would have to wait outside while he got their food. She didn't know why he was buying her food, but she doesn't complain. She's never had ramen before and she’s curious to try it.

He leaves her with Cat the dog for a bit, and Cat licks her face and, at one point, the bandages on her arms. Except, when he does this, she pulls her arm close against her chest and shakes her head ardently.

“You can't take the bandages off,” she tells him. “There's bad stuff under there.”

Cat tilts his head, but he seems to understand because he doesn't do it again. She'd never hung out with a dog before but she finds that she enjoys running her fingers through Cat's fur, and she even likes when he licks her face.

She doesn't like being alone out here, though. A big part of her is scared he'll find her again and take her back with him against her will. But the boy who saved her wouldn't let that happen. She has to believe that.

He comes back about five minutes later carrying two of the biggest bowls she's ever seen. He sets one in front of her and the other in his spot before sitting down.

"Sorry it took so long," he says, handing her a pair of chopsticks. "Were you okay out here with Cat?"

She nods, tentatively stirring her noodles with one chopstick. It looks good and it smells great, but now that she’s sat down and has time to kind of think, dread has began to pool in her stomach again.

“Hey.”

She glances up at him, and the first thing she notices is that his eyes aren’t gold anymore.

“It’s okay,” he says, “you can eat.”

Eri looks down, hands balling into fists against her knees. “B-But, what if… what if he comes back?”

“If he tries,” he answers simply, “I’ll stop him again. He won’t have the chance to do anything, I promise. He was hurting you, right?”

Eri knows he already knows the answer. It’s why he’d saved her in the first place. She nods, and he takes up his own chopsticks as though setting the example and begins picking away at his ramen.

“S-Sir, I—”

“Oh, don’t call me that,” he says, shaking his head feverishly. “My name is Izuku. You don’t need to call me ‘sir,’ okay?”

“O-Okay, Izuku, I… I was wondering… do your eyes change colors?”

Izuku blinks at her, then shrugs. “I mean, kind of,” he says. “It has to do with my Quirk. They turn gold whenever I use it.”

“Oh.” Eri blinks back at him, and she notices little flecks of gold still leftover in his irises. “Do they change to any other color?”

He shakes his head. “Unfortunately no. Be cool if they did, though.” He pauses, glances down at her bowl, then looks back at her. “Do you not like ramen? Is there something else you’d rather have?”

She shakes her head fervently. “I-It’s not that,” she says, “I’m sure it’s great, I’ve just… never… had it before.”

Izuku blinks again at her, but nods his understanding. "That's okay," he says. "You can try it, and if you don't like it, we can get you something else. Okay?"

She nods, fits the chopsticks between her fingers, and drags up a noodle from the broth. She tries it. It's hot, but not hot enough to burn her mouth.

"What do you think?" Izuku asks.

She stares out into space for a moment, trying to process. "It's... it's the best thing I've ever tried. A-Are you sure it's okay? I can have all of it?"

"As much as you can eat," he replies. And without further adieu, Eri dives in. It's amazing. It's the best thing she's ever had and she didn't know something like this existed in the world. She didn't know people like Izuku existed in the world. She'd thought it, hoped it, but she'd never had confirmation until now.

Speaking of Izuku, it's only when she glances at him that she realizes he isn't eating.

"What's wrong?" she asks, concerned. "... Do you not like ramen?"

"Oh, no, it's fine," Izuku says quickly, shaking his head. "I like ramen, I'm just... a little lost in thought, I guess."

Eri looks at him a while longer. His scars, his eyes, his understanding...

"Izuku, can I ask you a question?"

"Yeah, go for it."

"Are you... like me?"

He turns to her sharply, wide eyes meeting hers. Then he bites his lip and looks down at his bowl of ramen like it'd suddenly become very interesting.

"Yeah. I am."

She'd thought so. His eyes and his scars are like hers.

"C-Can I ask you something else?"

"You don't need to ask permission before asking me questions, Eri. Go ahead."

"Are we waiting for someone?"

"We are." He pulls his phone from his back pocket and scrolls through it for a moment. "We're going to make sure we get you to a safe place where that guy can never hurt you again."

A place like that seems almost impossible, but for some reason she trusts him.

"Are... are you sure we shouldn't be hiding? What if he finds us?"

"It's okay," Izuku says, shaking his head. "Even if he does find us, there's not a lot he can do. I'll stop him."

"You aren't... you really aren't afraid of him?"

"To be honest, he should be afraid of me."

Eri blinks. After a moment, Izuku raises his head and meets her eyes.

"Are you afraid of me, Eri?"

She shakes her head fervently. "You're kind of scary," she admits, "but I'm not scared of you. You're nice."

He stares like he'd never heard the word before, but he exhales sharply through his nose and shakes his head.

"Thanks."

She nods back at him. "Can... can I give Cat a noodle?"

"Go for it."

She fishes one out with her chopsticks and drops it right on Cat's nose by accident. Cat snaps awake, catches the end of the noodle with his tongue, and slurps it up. Eri likes Cat a lot. She'd love to have her own dog like him someday.

"Go ahead and eat," Izuku says, putting his phone away. "They'll be here soon."

Eri nods and is just about to, until she realizes that Izuku's chopsticks are untouched beside his bowl. She watches him for another moment, but he doesn't make any move to take up his utensils.

"Izuku?"

"Yeah?"

"Can... can you please eat?"

He stares at her a moment, and she thinks she may have done something wrong—but he sighs with a nod and takes up his chopsticks. Satisfied, Eri goes back to her own ramen.

Izuku mentioned someone named "Aizawa," and Eri naturally assumes that's who shows up in a police car about ten minutes later, looking frantic.

Except Izuku calls him "Naomasa" which confuses her because she'd been sure he was Aizawa.

Izuku gets to his feet when the car pulls up at the curb, and he offers a hand to Eri. She takes it, and they approach the vehicle just as the driver door swings open and a man steps out of it.

"Thanks for getting here quickly, Naomasa."

"I can't tell whether or not you're being sarcastic," Naomasa says, but his eyes are already on Eri. He doesn't look angry or mean, just very serious. He turns to Izuku. "You have a lot of explaining to do."

"Are you Aizawa?" Eri asks without thinking about it.

Naomasa turns to her with a soft, forced smile and shakes his head. "I'm not Aizawa," he says. "I'm Naomasa, a detective on the police force. Aizawa should be here any second, though."

Now Eri really wants to know who this Aizawa is—and moments later, she hears a holler of "Midoriya," from down the sidewalk.

Izuku turns first, and Eri and Naomasa do the same.

The man she assumes is Aizawa walks towards them with fast, long strides. Eri raises a hand to tentatively wave.

"I hope you knew what you were doing," Aizawa says once he gets there. He kind of reminds Eri of Izuku, except he seems serious like Naomasa and a bit more fed up. "Did we find the person who was with her?"

Naomasa shakes his head. "I have people searching the alleys, like you mentioned," he says, "but I haven't received word back."

They're talking about Chisaki, Eri realizes. She wonders if they'll find him and what will happen if they do. And, scarier than that, what would happen if they don't.

"I'll escort you all to the station," Naomasa says, reaching over to open the passenger door of his police car. "Midoriya, and...?"

"Eri," Izuku says.

"Midoriya and Eri, hop in the back."

"Are you going to catch him?" Eri asks before she can think twice. Both Aizawa and Naomasa turn to her. "Are... please tell me you'll catch him. Before he does something else."

"We're gonna stop him, don't you worry," Aizawa assures her. "He isn't going to get away with anything."

It should be reassuring. And she has absolutely no idea why it isn't.

"You should have called the police and waited for us to get there," one of the officers growls at Midoriya as he and the others step into police HQ. "Thanks to you, the culprit is still out there."

"If I'd waited it might've been too late," Midoriya responds coldly. "Besides, I didn't do anything illegal. I have a license. Would you like to see it?"

The officer growls. The little girl by Izuku's side, Eri, leaps to hide behind his back. Cat growls lowly, not at her, but at the man in front of them. Shouta is this close to losing his composure at the officer, but Naomasa steps in first.

"Now isn't the time," Naomasa says sharply. "The most important thing now is that Eri is safe. We'll find the culprit soon enough."

The officer doesn't seem happy about it, but he doesn't go for Izuku again (except, Shouta can't be sure that Izuku won't).

"What exactly were his crimes, anyway?" he demands. "Why did Midoriya step in to begin with?"

"First of all I'm right here and you can ask me directly," Midoriya snaps. "Second, could you maybe take a look at what's in front of you? Really?"

Naomasa looks at him. "Midoriya—"

"I will not be scolded for this," Midoriya cuts in angrily; and then, to the officer, "Tell me off one more time, I dare you.”

It’s been a long time since Shouta has seen Midoriya this utterly pissed. And it’s been an even longer time since Midoriya has sounded this determined about something.

“No one’s telling you off,” Naomasa cuts in, but he’s looking at the officer coldly as though daring him to say otherwise. “Right now we need to focus on Eri and the criminal, not whether or not Midoriya was rash. Why don’t you go see how the investigation is going? Bring back any reports.”

The officer isn’t happy about being told off again, and he spins around and storms off. Midoriya mutters something that sounds suspiciously like “Imbecile” under his breath, but Naomasa is right; the most important thing for them to do now is a) decide what to do about Eri, and b) find the person responsible for hurting her.

And in order to do that,

“Hey, Eri.” Naomasa kneels in front of her (or, rather, in front of Midoriya; she’s still cowering behind him). “Do you mind if we ask you a couple questions? It won’t take long, I promise.”

Eri swallows thickly, but she seems a lot calmer now that the officer is gone. “C-Can Izuku come with me?”

“If it would make you more comfortable,” Naomasa says, “then yes.”

“Can Cat come, too?”

“Yes.”

Eri glances up at Midoriya, and he glances back down at her and nods. As determined as someone in her position can be, she looks Naomasa in the eyes and says, “Okay.”

They don’t set it up like an interrogation. They use the break room of the office and have Eri and Midoriya sit on the couch while Cat flops on the floor. Shouta buys a canned coffee from the vending machine (as does Naomasa), and they drag two chairs over to sit in front of the kids on the couch.

“Okay,” Naomasa says, pulling out a notebook and pen, “I’m just going to take a couple notes, alright? That way we don’t forget anything important.”

Eri nods. Midoriya squeezes her hand reassuringly.

“Do you know your last name?” Naomasa asks.

Eri shakes her head.

“Alright… the person who was with you before, do you know his name?”

“I-I think people called him Chisaki,” she answers quietly, looking down. “And s-sometimes they called him ‘Overhaul.’”

“Alright.” Naomasa jots it down. “Were there others, or was it just him?”

“T-There were other people back at home, b-but not today.”

“Okay. Where is ‘home’?”

“I-I… I-I don’t know. I’m sorry.”

“It’s okay, Eri. Just one more thing for now, and you can say no to this if you’d like.”

Eri looks to Midoriya as though for approval, and he meets her eyes and nods. “You can trust them,” he murmurs. “They’d never do anything to hurt you, I promise. And if they did, I would stop them.”

It seems to reassure her, because she turns back to Naomasa and nods her okay.

“I wanted to ask if I could take a look at what’s under your bandages,” he says, setting his notebook aside. “Just so I know what we’re working with.”

Eri definitely doesn’t seem to like it, but Midoriya reaches over with his other hand and pats her on the head, and she calms down. With a small, tentative nod, she holds out both arms towards Naomasa.

Naomasa rises off his seat and kneels before her. Shouta gets to his feet likewise and watches. Eri gulps, and Naomasa finds one end of the bandage and begins unwinding. He’s gentle, but quick. Before long, the first bandage falls to the floor.

When Midoriya first nabbed Eri and called him, Shouta had thought it was a typical abusive parent situation. They would get the children to safety (or, in this case, child), and then find the parents and bring them to justice. He was expecting to see bruises, maybe a couple scars beneath the bandages.

But the second the bandages slip off, he realizes there’s something far deeper at work here. Something far, far beyond what he’d been expecting.

There are scars alright, but not what he’d been expecting. The scars are wrapped around her arms, twisting her skin with them, completely healed but still born of gruesome injuries. And it doesn’t look like it was only one injury; her other arm is still bandaged, but even judging by the scars here, it looks like whatever caused the wounds happened several times over.

Shouta catches a glimpse of Midoriya’s face. He’s seen Midoriya angry before, seen him distressed before, seen him cry and yell and everything in between, but he’s never seen this kind of raw, unbridled rage.

Eri makes a small, strangled kind of sound and squeezes her eyes shut, shaking her head. “I’m sorry,” she strains, voice thick. “I’m sorry. It’s ugly. I’m sorry.”

Her words seem to snap Midoriya (and Shouta and Naomasa, too) right out of their funks, when they realize that their anger right now, while justified, isn’t what Eri needs.

“It’s not your fault,” Midoriya soothes, suddenly much calmer than before. “It’s Chisaki’s fault. And he isn’t going to get away with it. He’s never going to hurt you or anyone else again.”

“That’s right,” Naomasa assures, rising to his feet with a soft smile that Shouta knows is much more forced than it looks. “I’ll get some new bandages for you, alright? It’s okay.”

She cracks her eyes open to look at him, and he smiles a little brighter before turning away to find a first aid kit.

“W-Wait, Naomasa-san—”

He pauses and turns back to her, but she turns her eyes towards the floor.

“I… I can’t control my Quirk,” she says quietly. “I can’t stop what it does. I-I don’t… really know what it does, only that it’s bad and Chisaki was always… he was always afraid of it. I… I-I thought you should know, just in case something… s-something happened.”

Naomasa and Shouta exchange looks, then turn back towards her.

“Don’t worry,” Naomasa assures, and his eyes flicker to Midoriya for just a moment. “We have some experience with that. You’re in good hands, Eri, and you don’t have anything to be afraid of anymore. Okay?”

She blinks at him twice, like she’s never heard these kind of words before, but she nods, and Naomasa heads out and closes the door softly behind him.

“I’ll be back,” Shouta says, also turning away. “Stay here, you two, alright?”

“Alright,” says Midoriya. Eri nods, Cat boofs, and Shouta follows Naomasa out.

He finds the detective in the hallway, leaning up against the wall and rubbing his temples tiredly. Shouta approaches, and when Naomasa realizes he’s not alone, he drops his hands back to his sides with a deep sigh.

“It would’ve been serious enough with her just being an abuse victim,” Naomasa breathes. “Except, now I think there’s a lot more to it than that. Damn it.”

“I know.” Shouta takes a long breath, and he can feel a headache begin to nag at his temples, too. “Overhaul, she’d said… you know him?”

“He's a yakuza leader,” Naomasa says, “and we've been working on his case for the last couple of years, but he hasn’t done anything of note for at least half a decade, so a lot of the police force just assumed he’d been caught somewhere else or given up.”

“Apparently not,” Shouta says.

Naomasa shakes his head and rubs at his temples again. “This is a lot bigger than I thought it’d be. If he’s making a move now after all these years… not to mention what he’s done to that girl…”

“We’ll investigate,” Shouta says plainly. “For now, I think the most important thing to do this instant is make sure Eri has a safe place. Granted Overhaul didn’t recognize Midoriya as a U.A. student, keeping her at U.A. would ensure she stays hidden. And even if Overhaul did recognize Midoriya, U.A. is still the safest place for her, especially now.”

“You’re right,” Naomasa says, dropping his hands again. “Talk to the staff beforehand, get them familiar with the situation. I’ll have some men sent to U.A. for extra coverage without the public being aware.”

“Thanks,” Shouta says, nodding. “And, as for Eri’s Quirk…”

Naomasa meets his eyes for a long moment. “Yeah. I think we’re thinking the same thing.”

“Inko, it's Shouta. I need a favor.”

Midoriya, Eri, and Cat sit in the back of the police car while Naomasa drives. Shouta had gone to U.A. ahead of time to discuss these new arrangements with their staff—and a certain Midoriya Inko.

“Why do I have to go to the doctor?” Eri asks, sounding hesitant. She looks down at her hands, curled into fists. “Is it… is it because my arms are weird?”

“There’s nothing wrong with your arms,” Midoriya cuts in, looking out the window with his chin resting on his knuckles and his elbow on the door handle. “You’re fine.”

“We just want to make sure you’re alright is all,” Naomasa answers with a smile in the mirror. “After that we’ll be able to get you settled in.”

Well, that’s one reason; the other reason is so they can get Eri’s height and weight and hopefully get some Quirk suppressants cleared. They’re taking her to Midoriya’s pediatrician, who already knows how to handle situations such as this and will hopefully be able to help them quickly.

“I see,” Eri answers, looking down. A second later, she nods. “I understand. Does Cat get to come in, too?”

“I mean…” The answer is no, really, but… “I guess I can ask the doctor. It’s a private office, so there’s a chance he won’t mind.”

Eri hugs Cat around the neck, and Naomasa returns his attention to the road.

The entire process doesn’t take very long at all. Eri insists Midoriya stay with her as well as Cat, and the doctor proceeds with his examination, checking her blood pressure, height, weight (she’s underweight, but not nearly as much as Naomasa had feared), and lastly, the scars on her arms. He tells Naomasa, alone, that there’s no chance of the scars fading, but that there is no nerve, muscle or bone damage.

“As long as we have it cleared with the police,” the doctor says, “then she should be alright for Quirk suppressants. I’ll have my people start working on that, and we’ll get back to you in about half an hour.”

Eri had already seemed to like the doctor before, but he seals the deal when he gives her a small lollipop to enjoy while they wait in the lobby for the suppressants. Midoriya seems distracted, but Naomasa catches a hint of a smile when Eri eagerly tells him how good the lollipop is.

The doctor comes out a bit later with a paper pharmacy bag containing the pillbottles of Quirk suppressants. He hands these to Naomasa, bids the group farewell, and it’s back to the police car and towards U.A. they go.

Shouta is waiting for them outside U.A.’s towering front gates. Naomasa parks the car outside, gets out, then comes around to the side to get the door for Eri. She and Cat hop out, and on the other side of the car, so does Izuku.

“It’s been arranged,” Shouta tells Naomasa, taking a step towards him. “The faculty has accepted Eri’s stay here, and Midoriya Inko is willing to take care of her until we can decide on a more permanent arrangement.”

Naomasa nods and holds out the pharmacy bag to him. “Quirk suppressants,” he says, as Shouta takes them. “Inko will know what to do with them. There’s dosage recommendations on the side of the bottle.”

“Thank you,” Shouta says, nodding. “I’ll make sure they get to her. Midoriya, Eri—Cat—you ready?”

Eri nods. Her hand is in Midoriya’s again, which Shouta has come to expect.

“Alright,” Shouta says; then, to Naomasa, “Keep in touch. We have heroes looking more into Overhaul and seeing if we can find any recent reports. We’ll keep the police updated.”

“Likewise,” Naomasa says, tipping his hat. “Good luck to you. Midoriya, Eri.” They turn to him. “I’ll see you around, alright? Stay out of trouble.”

The kids nod, and Shouta swipes his card against the gatekey while Naomasa departs in his police car. The gates swing open, and Shouta leads Midoriya and Eri inside. Cat trots happily by Eri’s side.

“Wow,” Eri gasps, eyes wide and sparkling. “It’s so pretty.”

There’s something very sad about that, if this child really thinks U.A. is so spectacular; but Midoriya jumps in before Shouta says anything.

“It’s where I go to school. Over there,” he points, “that’s Heights Alliance. It’s where me and my classmates live.”

Eri follows his finger and nods. “We aren’t going there?”

“Not yet,” Shouta answers. “I’m sure you could visit sometime, after we get things settled; for now, you will be staying with Midoriya’s mother.”

“Izuku’s mother?” Eri guesses. Midoriya nods.

“I think you’re going to like her, Eri-chan,” Midoriya says. “And I know she’s going to love you. She’ll take good care of you, don’t worry.”

Eri doesn’t seem worried when she’s with Midoriya. She’d been a bit wary of Naomasa and even more wary of Shouta (which is fair; Shouta doesn’t know of anyone who isn’t wary of him upon first meeting), but not with Midoriya. Which honestly surprises Shouta, because even he hadn’t been fully comfortable around the boy upon their first meeting. Maybe it’s because of their shared experiences; Shouta doesn’t know. He’s only glad that it’s this way, that Eri has one person he knows she’s completely comfortable with.

“This is a nice house,” Eri says, wide-eyed. “It’s really big…”

“This is where my mom lives,” Midoriya answers, turning to her. “Do you want to meet her?”

Eri looks unsure at first, but Cat bumps her leg with his nose encouragingly, and she nods. Shouta steps towards the door and knocks thrice.

Inko has been expecting them for the better part of two hours. Which means that the moment there’s a knock on the door, she’s already halfway there and swinging it open a second later.  

There stands Aizawa, Izuku, and a little girl Inko doesn’t recognize who must be Eri. Cat is right by her side, looking very proud of himself.

“Hi, Mom,” Izuku says, raising a hand in greeting, and she can’t help but notice that he looks better than before, if slightly. There’s some light in his eyes that wasn’t there yesterday. “This is Eri.” He tugs on her hand lightly. “Eri, this is my mom.”

“I-It’s nice to meet you,” the little girl says, bowing shortly. “T-Thank you for having me.”

“Oh, you don’t have to be so formal,” Inko chides gently, shaking her head. The girl looks up at her, and Inko kneels on the ground before her so they’re eye-level. “I want to be friends, Eri. You can call me Inko.”

Eri blinks at her with wide eyes, but nods feverishly. “Okay, Inko-san.”

Inko feels starkly reminded of the first time she’d brought Izuku home, and she knows just by experience that it’s going to take some time before Eri drops the -san. She hopes they’re together long enough for that to happen, because she’s only known this girl for about five minutes and she’s already invested. Just like she’d been with Izuku.

“Inko, these are for you.”

Inko stands once again, and takes a prescription bag from Aizawa’s hand when he hands them out. “Quirk suppressants,” Aizawa explains. “You don’t need me to explain it, right?”

Inko shakes her head.  “I’ll handle it from here,” she says, and it’s a promise. “Thank you, Aizawa.”

He nods in response. “Let me know if something else happens. Midoriya, I need you back at the school in an hour, but you can stay here for now and help Eri get settled in.”

Izuku nods, and Aizawa heads out, leaving Inko, Eri, Izuku, and cat behind.

“Well, then.” Inko smiles and puts her hands together. “Eri, how would you like me to show you your room?” She’d gotten it ready beforehand, when Aizawa first gave her the unexpected call. The room had been a storage place prior to now, so it’s small, but it should be enough for Eri until a more permanent arrangement can be made.

Eri blinks wide eyes at her. “My room…?”

Inko nods. “You’re going to be staying with me for a little while,” she says, “so I thought you would like to have a room of your own. You’re welcome to stay with me in my room as well, but I thought having your own would be nice, too.”

Eri glances up at Izuku for approval, and he leans in closer to her and whispers (but intentionally loud enough for Inko to hear), “She’s really good at this kind of stuff. I bet it’s really special.”

He straightens up, nodding for further confirmation, and it’s all the coaxing Eri needs to turn back to Inko and nod firmly. Inko smiles, pivots, and gestures with one hand for them to follow. Cat trots off first, and Izuku and Eri follow closely.

“Watch your step,” Inko says, fingers grazing the rail of the spiral staircase. “It’s a bit steep.”

Izuku holds her hand while she holds the railing, and Cat takes the stairs two at a time right behind Inko. She turns to the side so he can go ahead of her, and soon they all make it to the top.

“You’re right next door to my room,” Inko says, leading the way with Cat, “so if you need anything, I’ll be right there.”

Eri nods, and Inko reaches out and grasps the doorknob leading into the girl’s room. “You ready?” she asks with a smile, and once Izuku and Eri both nod, Inko turns the knob and swings the door inwards.

Eri’s eyes go wide as saucers. Even Izuku looks impressed.

The Midoriyas may have lived frugally. They may have spent the majority of the time in a small, lesser-folk apartment. But that didn’t mean they were poor, because they weren’t. With Inko working as a lawyer long before taking Izuku in, plus officially retiring recently, money is the one thing she’s never had to worry about.

And she spends it on the most important things in life. One of those things was making the small storage room as wonderful as she could for Eri.

The curtains over the window are tinted pink, and as rays of sunlight filter through, it turns the light the same color as the curtains, which bathe the entire room in a warm, pinkish glow. There’s a small but neatly made bed with several blankets and stuffed animals. The walls are white, but everything else is bathed with color.

“This is your room, now,” Inko says, turning to the girl, “if you’d like it.”

Eri whirls around to look at her, absolutely shellshocked. “Y-You mean it?” she asks, voice breaking at the end. “T-This… t-this is my room? D-Do you mean that? Really, you mean that?”

She isn’t nearly as quiet as Izuku had been when she first took him in, but that look on her face is the same. Inko smiles at her and nods.

“I do. And you can stay here for as long as you want.”

She isn’t really prepared for it, but Eri crashes into her leg and hugs her tightly. She takes a step backwards, startled, but relaxes quickly and settles her hand atop Eri’s head. She glances at Izuku, whose eyes are shimmering, and she wraps an arm around his shoulders and draws him closer. He hugs her tight and buries his face against her neck.

He still hasn’t talked to her about anything, and she’s sure that meeting Eri and discovering her struggles hasn’t been easy for him. She figures he could use the hug just as much as Eri.

When the hug finally breaks, Izuku wipes his eyes with his sleeve. Eri isn’t crying, but she’s definitely overwhelmed. In a good way.

“Oh, and about the walls…”

Inko heads towards the closet, and from it she pulls three silver cans and three paintbrushes of varying sizes. Eri and Izuku transfix on them immediately, and Inko beams at them.

“I figured,” Inko says, “we could paint them together. What do you think?”

Eri doesn’t look to Izuku for approval this time. She nods feverishly, and Inko grabs a roll of plastic wrap from the closet so they can get started.

Roughly an hour later, just when Shouta is expecting Midoriya back at Class 1-A for closing session, he receives a call. He’s about to silence his phone to deal with later, but he has just enough time to glance at the caller ID.

[Incoming Call - Naomasa Tsukauchi]

“Wait here,” he tells the students that have already assembled here as he makes his way to the door. “I won’t be long.”

He leaves and shuts the door behind him, then answers his phone. “Naomasa?”

Naomasa has sounded urgent before, but Shouta doesn’t think he’s ever sounded this urgent. “Aizawa, we need to call a meeting.You, the police force, the U.A. staff, a select number of heroes—there's lots we need to discuss. And we need to do it right now.”

“What’s wrong?” Shouta demands. “What happened? What did you find?”

“We looked further into recent reports and Overhaul. It's a case our men have been working on for a long time but have never been able to get any solid leads. At least, until now."

"What do you mean?"

"Recently, he’s been terrorizing different prefectures for some time now, but there’s never been enough evidence to point back to him. Since what happened this afternoon, a bomb went off in between two office complexes. The offices were empty and no one was hurt, but we also abducted a villain who was high on TRIGGER. The Quirk-Enhancement drug?" 

"Yes, I'm well aware of it."

"Well, it  took some time, but we were able to get out of him that he'd been in contact with Overhaul's yakuza and that's how he came by the drug. All the bombs, the villains with TRIGGER, it all leads back to Overhaul. And that’s not even the worst part.”

Shouta clutches the phone a little tighter. “What’s the worst part?”

“I didn't want to think about it, but after seeing that girl—I can’t just shake my head at it anymore.”

“Naomasa, tell me." 

“Overhaul was manufacturing TRIGGER. And he was using Eri’s body to do it.”
Chapter 49
Notes:

    Back into it here we go. Fairly certain that parts of this chapter are a lot rougher than I want them to be, but I'm working with characters that I've never written prior to this so it's a bit,,, difficult,,,

    either way I hope you guys enjoy it! but before we get into it, art!

    shadowtrooper1414

    Thanks you so much! Hope you guys enjoy the chapter! It's a long one :)

Chapter Text

Something’s off with Aizawa when he gets back from his phone call. There usually is something off with Aizawa, from Tenya’s experience; he never knows what quite to think of his teacher. But this time, something seems wrong. And for the life of him, Tenya can’t determine what that “wrong” thing is.

Aizawa faces the students who have arrived (there aren’t many of them; technically they still have fifteen minutes or so before closing session) and says, very plainly, “There is no closing session. You can go back to your dormitory now. Dismissed.”

“Wait, what?” Sero says, just loud enough for Tenya to hear, but Aizawa either doesn’t hear him or chooses not to offer an explanation, because he turns and leaves without another word. The door shuts behind him, and the silence endures for a good long while.

“That was… kind of weird,” says Todoroki eventually, staring at the empty space where Aizawa had been just a few minutes before. “He’s never done that before…”

“I wonder what’s wrong,” Yaoyorozu murmurs, resting her elbow on the desk and her chin on her knuckles. “It doesn’t make sense for him to leave so suddenly unless there was an emergency…”

Tenya can’t help but agree with her.

Meanwhile, in the hallway, Aizawa types and sends a message on his phone.

[Aizawa Shouta]
Hey kid, listen, don’t mention anything about Eri to your classmates just yet.
I’ll be speaking with them all about it soon enough, just wait for that. Alright?

[Midoriya Izuku]
Alright.
I’m heading back to class now. Did you need to talk to me?

[Aizawa Shouta]
Not yet. Soon but not yet.
I’ll let you know when. Get a good night’s sleep. And feel free to go check on Eri whenever you want to. She’s most comfortable around you.
The other teachers probably won’t like it, but I’ll give you an excuse this time for curfew violations so long as you stay on-campus.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Okay. Uh. Hope it goes well?
Your tone of voice is making it seem like there’s something really wrong.

The only reason Aizawa answers him truthfully is because he knows Midoriya will find out immediately if he doesn’t.

That, and he knows the kid can take it and still maintain a level head.

[Aizawa Shouta]
There is something wrong, but I’ll discuss it with you soon. Don’t jump to conclusions. I’m having a meeting with the teachers and the police force so help Inko look after Eri. Let me know if there’s an emergency.

[Midoriya Izuku]
Sure thing. Good luck.

[MIDORIYA IZUKU is OFFLINE]

Tenya doesn’t usually stay up late studying, but he, just like all the rest of the students, sometimes just need to take the extra time and study a little harder every now and then. For him, it’s not that he’s particularly struggling with anything, but rather, he wants to make sure he understands it completely before moving on.

And it’s around one in the morning, while he’s in the common room reading with a book light, that the elevator dings and out steps Izuku, carrying a pair of light up shoes while Cat trots happily at his side. In his other hand, he holds Rainbow against his chest securely.

Tenya frowns at him. “Polishing your shoes?”

“Going out, actually,” Izuku answers as though he didn’t just insinuate what he just insinuated. “To my mom’s place across the campus.”

“To where?” Tenya shuts his book and turns out the light before swinging himself to his feet. “Izuku, it’s after curfew. You can’t violate it, I won’t let you.”

“I’m not violating anything,” Izuku says plainly, pulling his phone from his pocket and scrolling through. Once he finds what he was looking for, he takes a screenshot, zooms in, and shows it to Tenya. “See? He said as long as I stay on campus the curfew doesn’t mean anything.”

Tenya reads it. The text is from Aizawa, and it does say what Izuku said it did, but...

“That doesn’t seem right—” Tenya tries zooming out to see the rest of the messages, but Izuku snatches his phone back before he has the chance. “Izuku—”

“The rest of it is confidential information,” Izuku says sharply. “You’ll figure it out eventually but Aizawa doesn’t want me to tell you yet.”

Tenya wants to argue, but against Aizawa, he really can’t. He takes in a breath through his nose and lets it out longly.

“Izuku, listen… I know this past while hasn’t been easy for you. I mean, it’s been hard for all of us, but for you, especially. And if this has to do with you… if this has to do with your own health, if something’s wrong and you’re hiding it, t-then—”

“It’s not about me,” Izuku says, shaking his head. “I promise it’s not about me, Tenya.”

It isn’t as reassuring as Tenya had hoped it would be. “Izuku, I… I’m worried about you. Wandering off for long periods of time, not eating, barely sleeping… I just... need to know whether or not you’re okay.”

Izuku opens his mouth as though to argue, but snaps his teeth together at the last second when he’s thought better of it. Instead of speaking immediately, he drags in a long breath through his teeth and runs a hand through his hair.

“Tenya… I’m… definitely trying,” he says heavily, “just… it’s hard. But I’ll be okay. I-I’m sure I’ll be okay.”

Tenya swallows hard, but doesn’t try pushing it further. He knows Izuku wouldn’t appreciate that. “Alright,” he says, nodding, “just… be sure to get some sleep tonight, alright?”

“I will,” Izuku says.

“And don’t be afraid to text me if you need anything.”

“I won’t be. Thanks, Tenya.”

Tenya wishes there’s more he could do, but he doesn’t say that. He nods, and Izuku slips on his shoes, stomps a couple times so they light up, then sets out with Cat and Rainbow. Tenya watches from the window until Izuku’s light up shoes finally fade from sight, and then he turns away and spends the rest of the night trying to study. Now that he’s preoccupied with mounting concern for Izuku, though, studying is the last thing he wants to do.

The room needs to air out after they paint it, and Eri doesn’t seem to mind bringing her new blankets and stuffed animals into Inko’s room for the night. It’s better this way, Inko thinks; considering it’s a new place and Eri is probably overwhelmed by today’s events, she’d rather keep an eye on the girl just to make sure she’s alright. The Quirk suppressants stay within reach at all times.

Inko has already determined that she wouldn’t get any sleep tonight and would remain vigilant and watch Eri, but as it turns out, Eri doesn’t sleep, either. She lays awake, and she hugs her stuffed animals (she has names for them now), and she bundles herself in blankets, but she doesn’t sleep. She doesn’t even close her eyes.

It isn’t until around midnight that Inko finally decides to find out why. She already has a couple ideas, but…

She reaches over and very gently touches Eri’s shoulder. “Eri? Sweetheart, what’s wrong?”

Eri’s breath stutters, and she curls in tighter on herself with her stuffed animals. “I’m… I-I’m scared that I’ll go to sleep and wake up and this will all be some kind of dream. I don’t want it to be a dream, Inko-san. I don’t want you or Izuku or Naomasa or Aizawa or this place to be a dream but i-it—i-it all seems too good to be true, a-and—”

Inko’s heart burns, and she remembers this happening to Izuku, too. Many years ago. It was the first time she’d actually heard him speak, and the words he’d spoken then are almost unsettlingly similar to the words Eri speaks now.

And Inko’s response is more or less the same now as it was then.

“It’s not a dream,” she says quietly, but firmly. “I promise you, I’m real, Izuku is real, this place is real, and you being here, safe with us, is real, too. It’s real, and you’re going to wake up tomorrow, safe and sound, just like you are now. I promise.”

Eri makes a small, choked kind of sound, and when her arms go around Inko, Inko hugs her back.

She doesn’t know the entire situation, and she doesn’t know what the heroes and the police are going to do with Eri once it’s resolved, but she makes the decision now in her heart.

She wants to take Eri in just like she took Izuku in all those years ago. She wants to make Eri a part of this family.

Someday, maybe she can.

But for now, getting through tonight and ensuring Eri stays calm, safe and happy is her top priority.  

Unfortunately, it doesn’t get easier from there. Eri still can’t sleep, despite the reassurance that this isn’t a dream and she’ll wake up here tomorrow, and eventually Inko decides that they need a change of pace.

She takes Eri downstairs (leading her by the hand, of course, to make sure she doesn’t trip), has her sit at the couch, and heads into the kitchen to fix some hot cocoa. A part of her thinks about adding a Quirk suppressant directly to it, but Eri doesn’t seem to be in distress, and there’s been no sign of any Quirk activating, so she doesn’t. Once she has a mug for both herself and Eri, she returns to the living room.

Just as she’s setting the mugs down on the coffee table in front of the couch, there’s a knock at the front door. Already having a good feeling about who it is, she heads over to the door and pulls it open.

Cat runs in first to go check on Eri, and Izuku steps in behind him, pulling the door shut.

“What are you guys doing up?” Izuku asks in a quiet voice, but then he meets Eri’s eyes as she pets Cat and, “... Oh.”

“Yeah,” Inko says, looking at Eri over her shoulder. “There’s no point in laying in bed waiting to fall asleep, so I thought I’d take her downstairs for a bit, at least until she was tired.”

Izuku nods and crosses the room towards Eri while Inko locks the door once again. He sits down beside her on the couch, and she scratches Cat behind the ears one last time before turning to him.

“You doing okay?” he asks her quietly, and she bites her lip, then shakes her head. “That’s okay. You don’t have to be okay all the time. Here, I wanted to show you this…”

He unzips his hoodie, and from it withdraws a fluffy little white ball that Inko quickly identifies as Rainbow. Rainbow mrrows at Eri, hopping out of Izuku’s arms and onto the couch between them, and while Eri flinches back a bit at first, she quickly realizes there’s nothing to be afraid of and stretches out her hand for Rainbow to sniff. Once Rainbow deems it safe, she rubs her head against Eri’s fingers, purring loudly.

“Her name is Rainbow,” Izuku introduces; Inko quietly heads into the kitchen once more to make a third cup of hot cocoa for Izuku. She can still hear their conversation as she works. “All my cats love me, but she’s always been particularly protective of me.”

“Why did you name her Rainbow?” Eri asks curiously, stroking the cat behind the ears.

Izuku shrugs. “I guess I just liked it a lot, and now when I look at her it makes me think of good things. Kind of like how I picked Izuku as a name.”

“Your name wasn’t always Izuku?”

Inko stops what she’s doing, which happens to be pouring the hot cocoa into a mug, so she almost spills all over herself. Luckily she doesn’t, and she sets the kettle down and peers into the living room.

Izuku looks down for a moment, then back at her. “My name used to be Daku,” he says. “I don’t know if that’s what my parents named me or what the bad guys named me, but that was the name I had. When I got away from the bad guys, though… when Mom took me in… I was able to change my name. And I chose Izuku because it helps me remember how far I’ve come and where I started. ‘Nine,’ ‘coming out from,’ ‘a long time,’... it helps me keep in mind the road I’ve taken and how much things have changed. Looking back on it, nine year old me could’ve picked any name, but I’m glad it ended up being Izuku. I wouldn’t change it.”

“... I think I get it,” Eri says, nodding. “I like Izuku a lot better than Daku. You look like an Izuku.”

Izuku exhales through his nose in what could be some kind of sad, breathless laugh. “Thank you, Eri. I like Izuku, too.”

Inko turns away and wipes her eyes with the back of her hand, and once she’s composed herself, she takes the mug of hot cocoa from the countertop and heads back into the living room to join them.

“Here, Izuku,” she says, holding the mug out to him like she hadn’t heard their entire conversation. “It’s hot, so be careful.”

“Oh, thank you.” Izuku takes the mug from her hands, and Inko gives Eri her mug of hot cocoa as well before taking her own and sitting on the couch with them. Cat is on the floor by the couch, tail swishing back and forth.

That’s how the rest of the night passes; sipping hot cocoa, talking occasionally, sharing stories and answering questions. This is the first time since the training camp incident that Inko has seen Izuku so calm and relaxed. It’s nice to finally see again.

When beams of sunlight strike her eyelids, she realizes she’s fallen asleep and that the night has passed. Inko sits up at once, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes, mentally beating herself for falling asleep, even accidentally. —Except, when she looks to the other side of the couch, the mental scolding stops there.

Izuku and Eri are both sound asleep, with Izuku lying flat on his back, one arm and leg hanging off the side of the couch, and Eri curled between his side and the back of the couch. Rainbow is curled between Eri’s neck and Izuku’s shoulder. It doesn’t look exactly comfortable, but neither of them seem to mind. Actually, this is the most content Inko has seen either of them.

Inko smiles to herself, spreads two blankets over them, and rises to her feet, taking the empty mugs off the floor with her. Izuku has school today, but there’s still another good hour or so before morning homeroom. He definitely has time for some more shut-eye.

(And more so than that, he needs it.)

Morning homeroom starts late that day—and by that, it means that Aizawa arrived late for some reason or other. No one knows the reason, and no one dares to ask; it’s certainly not their business what time their teacher shows up (especially after his odd behavior yesterday).

Tenya doesn’t sit still until he sees Izuku make his way across the classroom and take a seat at his desk. He hadn’t come back to the dormitory last night which, while concerning, wasn’t entirely unexpected. Maybe he’d gone to spend the night with his mother. Maybe he’d talked about everything with her. Maybe he’s doing better now.

Except, while he looks rested, he doesn’t look any better as far as his spirit is concerned. Tenya decides to hold off mentioning it until he can catch him alone.

Aizawa arrives eventually, holding a stack of papers which is tossed carelessly onto the desk as soon as he’s there.

“Alright,” Aizawa says, looking at the group. “Today’s school day is going to be a bit different than normal—and by that I mean, you’re only having two of your usual classes. Homeroom, which we’re having now, and Hero Basic Training, which has been rescheduled to take place directly after this.”

“Wait, what?” says Satou, frowning. “It’s weird for U.A. to change their schedule so drastically…”

“I wonder what’s wrong,” murmurs Tsuyu.

Tenya looks across from him at Izuku, but Izuku says nothing and doesn’t react. When the whispers have ceased, Aizawa goes on;

“I want you back at the dormitory as soon as Hero Basic Training is finished. There’s an important matter that I must discuss with you all. But first, I would like to welcome a select group of elites who will be assisting us during Hero Basic Training.”

As though right on cue, the door slides open and in walk three students. Two of three hold their heads high with confidence while the third looks like he would rather bash his head against a wall than be within fifty miles of this classroom.

Tenya recognizes them immediately, and he could call them by name.

Mirio Togata. Nejire Hado. Tamaki Amajiki. U.A.’s “Big Three.” The top students in the hero program and the three students closer to becoming official heroes than anyone else in the entire school.

Judging by the class’ reaction, Tenya isn’t the only person who recognizes the students. A couple “oooo”s and “wow”s drift from his classmates as they come to the realization as to who these individuals are. The only person who shows no kind of reaction whatsoever is Izuku, but Tenya hadn’t been expecting him to give a reaction in the first place.

“There’s a lot you still have to learn,” Aizawa addresses the class, “and these three are willing to show you some of what they have gleaned over the years. It might be a little quick to do this now, but after our discussion later on today, I’m sure you will understand.”

Izuku makes eye contact with Tamaki and raises a hand to wave. Tamaki blinks, then raises a hand to wave back without making eye contact.

“We’re on a time crunch,” Aizawa says shortly, “so we’ll just cut to the chase, here. Mirio, Nejire, Tamaki. What do you want to do?”

The tallest and most confident one, Mirio, cracks a smile. And it’s from that point on that Tenya knows they are absolutely doomed.

Mirio has heard much about the students of Class 1-A. They’re kind of famously infamous; famous as U.A. students and infamous due to all the trouble they constantly get into. Although from what he knows, it would seem one in particular gets into more trouble than the rest of the students combined.

Midoriya Izuku. That’s his name. Mirio had seen him at the sports festival, saw his name on the news several times. Between being devastatingly injured and kidnapped, the kid has made quite the name for himself.

“I’m assuming it’s going to be more you schooling them and less actually fighting,” Nejire says as the three of them head towards the training area, ahead of all the 1-A students who are elsewhere getting their P.E. gear. “Except, there is that Midoriya kid…” She taps her chin with a finger, thinking. “I still don’t see how any of them could be strong enough to beat you…”

“I don’t, either,” says Amajiki quietly, “but I still wouldn’t go in there headfirst without knowing what you’re doing. Although, I guess that’s kind of how you’ve always been.”

Mirio cracks a smile, but shakes his head. “If I end up getting schooled,” he says, “then all that means is I have more to work on then I thought. I guess for now we’ll just have to wait and see how it goes.”

To be completely honest, the thought of having someone amongst Class 1-A who could be something of an equal to him is quite exciting. There aren’t many people in the school who can hold their own in a fight, and he doesn’t say that to brag, it’s simply fact. Maybe that’ll change today.  

They meet up in the same training facility where they’d trained and perfected their official hero moves, except all the training buildings have been moved elsewhere for the time being, and all the students face Mirio head on while Nejire and Amajiki stand off to the side. Nejire looks excited and Amajiki looks embarrassed.

The first person Mirio looks for in the crowd is Midoriya, who isn’t hard to find.

He’s the shortest student of the class (sans Mineta), and his general demeanor makes him stand out like a sore thumb amidst the rest of his classmates. The look in his eyes isn’t one Mirio is unfamiliar with; a dark, haunted kind of look that never fails to absolutely unnerve Mirio. He’s seen it while out on the field with Nighteye; he’s seen it in victims’ eyes, eyes that have seen too much.

And he sees it in Midoriya.

Regardless, he puts his best, most confident self forward and grins.

“So,” Mirio addresses the class of students, cracking his knuckles, “all you have to do for this exercise is... land a hit on me! That’s all.”

They stare back at him with wide eyes. Midoriya is the only one who looks completely unfazed.

“Don’t look at me like that!” Mirio says, beaming a little brighter. “This is the exercise put before you. You can even attack all at the same time if you’d like! All you have to do is land one hit on me, and our training will be done for the day.”

Kaminari turns towards the group, jabbing a thumb at Mirio over his shoulder. “Is this dude for real? Seriously?”

“Usually people who say stuff like that are either all full of talk,” Midoriya says darkly, “or absolutely terrifying. Judging by his demeanor I’d say it’s the latter.”

Well. Not exactly what Mirio had been expecting but okay.

“Alrightee then,” Sero says, turning on his heel, “if Midoriya says it then we’re definitely screwed. Sayonara guys but I don’t feel like dying today—”

Iida reaches out and snags the back of his shirt to keep him from going too far. “No one’s opting out of this. Knowing our limitations is one of the key elements in overcoming our weaknesses and moving forward.”

Sero makes an unhappy grumble under his breath, but turns back towards Mirio regardless and takes up a fighting stance. Aizawa stands off to the side across from Tamaki and Nejire, watching, although Mirio feels Midoriya’s eyes on him far more. Those eyes don’t belong to the kind of person who’s joking around. Mirio doesn’t know what to expect from a person with eyes like that.

Still, Mirio keeps up the smile and spreads his arms. “Let’s say, on the count of three,” Mirio says, and already, he feels his Quirk tingle his skin. It’s an odd sensation, but one he’s familiar with and used to. “One… two…”

A couple students fire up their Quirks, and so does Mirio. Midoriya is still staring at him.

“Three!”

He disappears underground as his Quirk turns him into nothingness.

It goes just as well as he thought. He’s sure that above him, somewhere, the students are in a state of panic and disarray. He’s sure no one knows what’s going on, which is great because that means he can sneak up on them.

He shuts his Quirk off and blasts to the surface. Two students fall to the ground, and he disappears below the surface. The next time he comes up from the ground, he takes down more students, picking them off bit by bit, little by little, one by one, two by two, three by three until the only one who remains is Midoriya.

Midoriya, who has been watching this whole thing unfold from the very back of the group, with a blank, stoic face that doesn’t betray a single emotion or thought. Mirio knows just by watching him for a few seconds that he’s going to have a difficult time predicting anything when it comes to him.

He disappears below the surface once more, this time aiming to take Midoriya out and successfully end the lesson. It’s not that the students are weak; it’s that he’s remarkably strong. And again, he doesn’t say that to brag, either; it’s simply fact.

He turns his Quirk off, and his bare skin hits open air.  

Except, the second it does, something feels wrong.

He’s used to his Quirk making him blind, deaf, and feelingless. As long as he’s using his Quirk, he is nothing; just a space of nothingness, phasing through things as easily as a phantom.

Except when he resurfaces, Quirk disarmed, he’s still blind. And deaf. And feelingless.

That shouldn’t be.

He turns his Quirk on immediately; as long as he’s unaware of his surroundings, he’s only safe while his Quirk keeps him intangible. He’s below the surface again, thoughts racing.

So Midoriya hadn’t been “holding back” earlier while he watched his classmates get taken down. He was studying. Learning.

Mirio hits the surface again, and this time, it’s with all his senses intact. He skids for a moment when his feet touch the ground, not used to the situation. Across from him stands Midoriya, and his eyes are a blotchy mixture of green and gold.

“That’s kind of interesting,” Mirio says to himself slowly; if there’s one thing that’s always helped him gather his thoughts, it’s thinking out loud. “What does your Quirk do, huh…?”

“I can screw with your senses,” Midoriya answers, and Mirio jumps, because it should be impossible for Midoriya to hear him from all the way over here. He stretches out a hand, and the gold floods over the green. “Like this.”

Mirio doesn’t stick around to see just what he’s about to do. He vanishes underground with deft activation of his Quirk, and judging by that look in Midoriya’s eyes seconds before he went under, he’d been just in time.  

When he's underground and his Quirk is activated, he doesn't feel anything anyway. He can't. But if Midoriya's Quirk really is, as he'd put it, "screwing with his senses," then the only way to counter that is to keep his Quirk on at all times.

But, of course, there are problems with that too.

He decides to try again and flips his Quirk back off. Towards the surface he blasts, hitting stale air. Midoriya is right in front of him, but before he can land a hit, his senses leave him, and his foot connects with air.

Are you kidding me?

He goes back under to regroup, plan and think. Midoriya can't use his Quirk on him so long as Mirio is using his Quirk, but that's the only time he has breathing room, and he doesn't know how much of his Quirk Midoriya is actually using. There's a chance he's still testing the waters, figuring things out; and if that's the case, then Mirio really doesn't know what he's in for.

Either way, staying underground isn't the solution.

Maybe if I turn my on Quirk the second I hit the surface, and use it on everything sans my foot, I'll be able to land a hit whether or not I can see him.

There's a chance, no matter how slim, and he decides to take it because he doesn't have any other plans at this point. He shoots to the surface, and this time, he has all his wits and senses about him for a brief moment. He flips his Quirk back on the second he hits the air, focusing on everything except his foot.

This is his chance.

Except it isn't. A sharp pain shoots up the length of his entire foot, and the mere shock of it is enough to distract him. Midoriya doesn't swing at him. He doesn't attack directly. He stares into Mirio's eyes as though he's looking directly into his soul, and this is the very first time Mirio has felt genuinely unnerved by someone. He'd thought Sir was the scariest, most intense person he'd ever met.

But of course that was before Midoriya.

Mirio hits the ground, and the second he does, everything disappears.

He can't see. He can't hear. He can't feel. He doesn't remember where he is. He feels nothing, hears nothing, sees nothing—

"—ished here, Midoriya, Mirio, nice fight."

He's on the ground when everything fades in, and Midoriya stands by him, extending a hand. "Sorry if that was kind of overkill," he says, "but I didn't know how else to beat you. Your leg doesn't hurt too much, does it?"

Mirio leaps to his feet, forgetting about Midoriya's outstretched hand in his excitement. "Man, you're really strong!" Mirio exclaims. "That was really cool! You figured out my Quirk super quick, too, and you knew exactly how to counter it! How'd you do that? That was amazing, you have a lot of experience, don't you?"

The look on Midoriya's face doesn't change. "Your Quirk was a bad match for mine, though. I couldn't use my Quirk as long as you were using yours."

"Yeah, but all I could do was evade you," Mirio says, shaking his head. "I still need to turn my Quirk off to actually fight back, which means that your Quirk is really a bad match for mine."

Still, nothing changes. "I'm sure we'll be able to talk about it later but for now can you please put some clothes on."

"Oh!" And, looking over Midoriya's shoulders at his classmates, "Sorry!"

Aizawa tosses him his P.E. gear, and while Midoriya turns and begins to walk away, Mirio dresses once again. He's approached by Nejire and Amajiki, who look worried, intrigued, and excited all at once. Somehow.

"I thought he was strong when I first saw him," Nejire says, looking at Midoriya as he walks away, "but I honestly didn't think he'd be able to beat you..."

"To be honest, me neither," Mirio says, following her gaze. "He's really something, huh..."

"Alright." Aizawa claps his hands thrice to get the group's attention. "Closing session. Mirio, a few words to the students you beat."

"Oh, sure thing, Sensei!" Mirio says, and he jogs to the front of the group for the closing speech. Nejire and Amajiki, despite not having done anything during the exercise, follow closely.

He doesn't have a lot to say as a closing speech; primarily, it's encouragements, an explanation of his Quirk to those who hadn't already figured it out, followed by advice for when they take on their internships. Stay open-minded, always better themselves, improve their Quirks, turn their weaknesses into strengths, all that good stuff.

He has every intention to catch Midoriya again before he leaves, but Midoriya is already heading out the door, and Mirio doesn't really want to chase him down if he has somewhere else to go (which, judging by his face, he does).

"First impressions aren't his strongest suit," says a soft voice from his side, and Mirio turns to see Uraraka standing beside him, looking ahead. She's smiling, but it looks very sad. "He likes you, though. I can tell."

Mirio blinks at her, at the door as it closes behind Midoriya, then back at her again. "How can you tell? I certainly had no idea what he was thinking, and my entire thing revolves around predicting people’s actions and trying to read their thoughts."

"You just get used to the little things he does," Uraraka says with an idle shrug, but she seems distracted. "Although, I'm not sure you'd be able to tell, even if you've known him as long as the rest of us. He... hasn't really been himself, lately. More distant. Harder to read."

If what Mirio has seen on the news is any indication, it makes perfect sense why. It would seem Midoriya is always right in the heat of every major incident thrown at U.A.; he doesn't get why it's like that, but that's beside the point.

"He doin' alright?" Mirio asks instead.

Uraraka bites her lip. "You've... probably heard of Kirishima. Kirishima Eijirou? He was... involved in the Kamino Ward incident."

He has heard that name. Not just that, but he's seen it all over JumboTrons, the news, his phone, the papers (which, while rarely used these days, still feel the need to exist). Honestly, Mirio doesn't think there's a single person in Japan who hasn't heard his name. As far as general knowledge goes, Kirishima Eijirou may be as popular a name as All Might right now.

And Kirishima Eijirou is a student of Class 1-A. That's something else Mirio hadn’t wanted to think about. He couldn’t imagine what it’d be like for him, if Amajiki or Nejire or any others from Class 3-A were in the hospital, hurt like that.

"He and Izuku are best friends," Uraraka says when his silence answers her. "Izuku was... right there when it happened. At Kamino. He saw it all."

Mirio's stomach twists. That would make sense, then; that look in Midoriya's eyes.

"I'm... sorry," Mirio says, not knowing what else to say. "I'm really sorry. For all of you guys."

Uraraka nods stiffly. "Izuku hasn't really... talked about it. About how he feels, about what he’s thinking, anything. But I'm sure he feels responsible for it. I'm sure he blames himself. Even if there was nothing he could have done. Even if it wasn't his fault. It's just... how he is. And he won't talk to any of us about it."

Mirio glances over at the door again, half-expecting to see Midoriya there again, but of course he doesn't. Mirio doesn't know where Midoriya has gone.

"I'm sorry that happened," Mirio says. "If there's anything we can do for you guys, let me know, alright? We’re here for you all."

Uraraka cracks a weak smile at him, and the gratitude is clear in her eyes. "Thank you, Senpai."

Mirio smiles back at her, but inwardly, he wishes there was more he could do, and he feels powerless in the knowledge that there isn’t.

"Mirio, Nejire, Amajiki, thanks for meeting with us today," says Aizawa roughly five minutes later, approaching the three as they stand off to the side. "I'll be escorting 1-A back to their dorm, now. And I'll be meeting with the three of you later on for discussion, also."

Nejire nods. "Of course, Sensei," she says, "whenever you want to talk."

"Something's wrong," Amajiki says, shuffling a foot against the floor, "right?"

Aizawa keeps up a good poker face, but Mirio can still kind of see through it. And, clearly, so can Amajiki and Nejire. "I'll discuss it with you later," Aizawa repeats in lieu of answering properly. "Thanks for your time."

He turns away, calling 1-A back to him, and once they clear out, Mirio, Nejire, and Amajiki do the same behind them. While 1-A returns to their dormitory, the three 3-A students return to their class for the rest of their studies—and to wait for the time Aizawa pulls them out to talk.

Izuku still isn't there when Class 1-A returns to their dorm and waits in the common room with Aizawa. It doesn't make much sense to Shouto, but considering Izuku clearly knows more about whatever's going on than anyone else, maybe there's something else Aizawa is having him do. Maybe he's busy with something else. Maybe he's with Recovery Girl. Maybe he's at the vent forest. Shouto has absolutely no idea what to expect from him anymore.

Either way, Shouto and the others gather in the common room with Aizawa and wait for him to start. Aizawa checks something on his phone, and after a moment or two, returns the device to his pocket and faces the class.

"We're facing something bigger than anything we've faced in a long time," Aizawa states calmly, but sternly. Gravely. "I'm only bringing it to your attention because this is something that directly affects you as a class. However, you mustn't speak to anyone else about this. What I am about to tell you is completely confidential, and sharing this information with anyone other than those already in the know will result in expulsion."

"W-Wait, what?" Kaminari stammers, eyes wide. "Expulsion? H-How big is this thing? L-Like, I don't know, on a scale of USJ to Kamino—"

"Unless we put an end to it now, Kamino,” Aizawa cuts in sternly. “Easily."

"W-Wait, are you for real?" Sero gasps, and the rest of the students have similar reactions; wide-eyes, terror, fear. "What—"

"Before you jump to conclusions," Aizawa says, holding up a hand, "listen." He turns towards the door and says, louder, "Midoriya, you can come in now."

The door swings open, and in comes Izuku, with Cat at his side and a little girl in his arms.

The little girl doesn't seem to know what to think, with all these eyes on her, but so long as Izuku is holding her she seems okay. She even raises a hand to wave tentatively, and a couple students, Shouto included, wave back at her.

"This is Eri," Aizawa introduces. "Midoriya found and rescued her just a few days ago, and she's been living with Midoriya Inko since then."

"So that's where you were going that night," Iida realizes, wide eyed.

Aizawa goes on; "However, you can't speak of her existence to anyone yet. She was involved in a lot of insane stuff that we are in the process of resolving. But, for her sake, I wanted her to meet you all. And she said she'd wanted to."

Eri raises her hand again to wave. "H-Hi, everyone. Thank you for having me."

There's a beat of stunned silence.

And then it ends.

"Awe, you're so cute!!" Ashido gushes, starting towards her. "Oh my goodness you are just too precious. Your horn is really pretty, too!"

 

Eri's eyes widen, and she reaches up to touch her short, pale horn. "Y-You think so?"

"Of course!" says Ashido—and as though for emphasis, she pushes back her hair to make her own horns more visible. "Look, see? We can be horn buddies!"

Eri’s eyes shine, and Shouto is reminded starkly of Izuku. “Horn buddies,” she repeats, not unhappily, but with less enthusiasm than Ashido (though Shouto is certain it’s because she’s shy, not distressed).

"Hi there, Eri!" Satou says, raising a hand with a bright smile. "It's nice to meet you."

"I-It's nice to meet you, t-too," Eri stammers, waving a hand back.

"Aww, she's so precious," says Sero, smiling so wide it almost looks scary. "Eri, do you want to play a game? What kind of games do you like?"

Eri blinks wide eyes at him, curling a fist against her chest. "I-I don't know," she admits, looking embarrassed. "I-I've never played a game before..."

"WHAT!?"

"We have to change that!" declares Kaminari. "Come on, we can play some Mario Kart!"

"I can show you how to play if you would like," Iida offers with a smile and an energetic swing of his arm, which almost sends Tsuyu across the room. She's lucky she's as short as she is. "Once you get the controls, I am certain you will exceed!"

"O-Okay!" Eri agrees, trying to sound enthusiastic even though Shouto is sure she doesn't know half of what anyone is talking about. "T-That sounds great! L-Let's do it! Yay!"

"YAY!" echo the rest of the class with five times the enthusiasm as Eri.

“Aizawa, if Eri wants to, can she hang out with us for a bit?” Hagakure asks, bouncing up to him (although the only evidence of this are her floating clothes). “Please? I think it’d be really fun! We can paint and do each other’s hair and—”

“At this point,” Aizawa cuts in, “I’m afraid we can’t.”

“Awww, no! Why n—”

“However,” Aizawa cuts in, and sighs before continuing, “if Inko wouldn’t mind coming over to supervise, then I don’t see why not.”

Ashido’s face lights up, and Shouto can only assume that Hagakure’s does, too.  “Yes!” they cheer, spinning around in circles.

Shouto watches them, and when Eri meets his eyes for a moment, he tries for a smile. Eri blinks, then turns and whispers something in Izuku’s ear that he can’t hear. Izuku actually chuckles softly, then shakes his head and approaches.

“Hi, Eri,” Shouto says, all the while wondering what exactly Izuku had thought was so funny. “I’m Todoroki Shouto, but you can call me Shouto if you’d like.”

“Do your eyes change colors too?” Eri asks, which is not the first thing he’d expected to come out of her mouth. He blinks twice in rapid session, glances at Izuku (who shakes his head and shrugs), then back at Eri.

“Not really,” he says, rubbing the back of his neck. “Technically it’s called heterochromia.”

Eri blinks.

“Different colors for your eyes,” Shouto says.

“Oohhhh,” says Eri, nodding; behind her, Ashido and Hagakure are bouncing around Aizawa excitedly while he tries in vain to shut them up, holding his phone to his ear. “You have a scar on your face?”

It’s posed less as a question and more of a deduction.

"Yeah," Shouto says, absentmindedly reaching to touch the scar on his face. "It happened when I was younger."

Eri looks at him, looks at Izuku, then back down at her own bandaged arms. "Scar buddies," she declares, with the confidence of a college professor. "You, me, and Izuku. We're scar buddies."

The fact that this child reminds Shouto so much of Izuku speaks numbers of her situation. He glances at Izuku, who must read his thoughts, because he shakes his head small enough for Eri not to notice.

"Scar buddies," Izuku says instead, holding out a hand. Eri slides her own against it, well-practiced, and they bump their knuckles together.

"Not-handshake," they say at the same time, and Shouto can definitely second that notion. He doesn’t know why Kirishima ever thought to call it a proper handshake.

...

...

Kirishima...

"I have an okay from Inko," says Aizawa, making his way over. "Midoriya, if you could come with me once she gets here, I would greatly appreciate it."

"Oh, sure," Izuku says, nodding. "Eri, do you wanna go with Shouto for a bit? I'll be back a little later."

To Shouto's surprise, Eri nods, and Shouto takes her from Izuku while Izuku turns away with Aizawa. Inko arrives not long afterwards, with a purse around her shoulder, and Aizawa and Izuku are gone before Shouto realizes they're leaving.

In the end, it isn't Mirio, Nejire, and Amajiki who are pulled out of their class by Aizawa, but rather, simply Mirio. Nejire and Amajiki wish him luck, and Mirio thanks them, bows to his teacher, then follows Aizawa out and down the hallway.

"What's going on?" Mirio ventures, flanking Aizawa easily.

"We're having a meeting," Aizawa responds. "Our next phase of action from this point on."

Mirio has no idea what he's talking about, but considering they're going to a meeting now, he doesn't ask. "Who else is in the meeting? Is it the entire staff? The police?"

Aizawa shakes his head. "Just you, Midoriya, myself, Nedzu, and All Might. The rest of the heroes, as well as the police force, have already been spoken to."

Even more concerning, Mirio thinks. His curiosity is officially kindled.

Into the conference room they go. Midoriya, Nedzu and All Might (in his true form, of course) are already there, seated. All Might and Nedzu turn to acknowledge the newcomers, but Midoriya is busy... doodling on his arm, apparently. Usually Mirio would deem this kind of behavior disrespectful, considering he's ignoring Aizawa, but after his conversation with Uraraka earlier, he can't bring himself to be too upset. It wouldn't be fair.

"Thank you for meeting us on short notice, Togata," Nedzu says, paws folded on the tabletop in front of him. "Please, take a seat, you two. We have something of importance to discuss."

Mirio sits across from Midoriya while Aizawa takes his seat across from All Might. Midoriya glances up at Mirio this time, but not for long. He tucks the pen behind his ear and sits a little straighter, eyes on Aizawa.

It's Nedzu who speaks first. "Togata," he says, turning to said student, "the reason we called you here in particular is because we would like to bring Sir Nighteye into the fray."

Mirio sits a little straighter, too, until his shoulders hurt. "Sir? What's going on?"

"A yakuza leader called Overhaul is currently in the process of manufacturing Quirk-erasing bullets," says Nedzu. “Along with what we believe to be TRIGGER, or better known as Quirk-enhancement bullets.”

Mirio is pretty sure the entire room stiffens, but he still can't read the look on Midoriya's face. He's not sure he'll ever be able to.

"If Nighteye is willing," All Might says, but his voice is thicker and heavier than Mirio has ever heard it, and it seems almost wrong, "we would like to conduct his help in this matter. He's been wanting to speak with me for... some time. And considering recent circumstances, I don't see how he could refuse."

Mirio doesn't know what to think of this. "You think Sir could look into the future and predict the outcome? He doesn't like doing that. I'm not sure you're going to have much luck."

"Well, we're going to try," Aizawa says flatly. "Whether or not he wants to, diving in headfirst while those Quirk-erasing bullets exist is a gamble. If there's any chance of knowing our outcomes, then it's a good idea, don't you think?"

Mirio knows Sir isn't going to like it. He doesn't like looking into the future, for reasons he hasn't actually explained to Mirio yet. But the thought of "Quirk-erasing bullets" and “Quirk-enhancement bullets” is scary. And the thought of them in the hands of villains is even scarier.

"I understand," Mirio says, nodding. "And, depending on what Sir says... what would we do from there?"

"We need to find out where Overhaul and his yakuza are hiding," All Might answers, hands clenched on the table in front of him. "Which could take a while, but we already have men on it."

"What does this have to do with us?" Midoriya asks, bold enough to ask the question Mirio had been avoiding. "Why tell us and not the rest of the students?"

"Because you two are the strongest students this school has," Nedzu answers. "And... by extension... some of the most powerful beings we know of. You took down All Might in your final exam, Midoriya, and no one else in the entire world has ever been able to do that. For that, we need your help."

Mirio whirls around to look at Midoriya, who maintains a calm, even face as though Nedzu hadn't said what he just said.

"You're second to Midoriya, Mirio," says Nedzu, turning to him. "We don't like getting students involved if we don't have to, but... with Midoriya there, and you... I don't think Overhaul stands a chance."

Mirio has never heard people talk like this before. Not even with Sir Nighteye during his time as an intern, working in the world of pros and danger and despair. He glances at Midoriya, with scribbles on his arms and hearts on his faces, and he wonders what this kid is capable of. If he really did take down All Might, if that's the extent of his power, then…

Does anyone really have a chance?

"I can take down Overhaul," Midoriya says sharply. "I did it before. I might've just surprised him the last time, but he couldn't combat Glitch once I had it turned on him, and all I need is a split second of an opening."

Mirio finds himself wondering if they even need him to go at all; but he supposes if they're getting Nighteye involved with this, and if Nighteye agrees, then he should be there, too. And if he can help someway or other in keeping the villains at bay, then he's going to.

"Then we have it settled," says Nedzu. "All Might, I will leave it to you to get in touch with Sir Nighteye. Midoriya, Mirio, do you have anything to add? Any objections? Thoughts?"

"We're literally diving in headfirst without knowing what we're getting into," Midoriya says flatly, which is what Mirio was thinking. "Do you really think that's such a great idea?"

"We won't be diving in until we've had a chance to scope out the villains' lair, wherever it is," Aizawa answers shortly. "We're moving quickly, but we're taking necessary precautions."

"Then I've got nothing," Midoriya says stiffly. "Senpai?"

"I also have no objections," says Mirio, but he feels like he should say something else. He feels like he should question this more. But it's all come out of nowhere and now it's moving too quickly, and he doesn't know what to make of it. Besides, if there really is someone out there manufacturing Quirk-erasing bullets, Quirk-enhancing bullets, then... they don't have time to sit around hoping everything turns out okay.

When Izuku gets back from whatever meeting he'd gone to, Yaoyorozu is braiding Eri's hair, Inko is preparing something for a late lunch in the kitchen, and Shouto looks up sharply from the book he's reading. Izuku doesn't speak to any of them and barely acknowledges they're there at all; instead he begins crossing the room towards the elevator.

Eri waves and he waves back, but she doesn't try to stop him, and neither does Shouto. There's a reason he isn't talking to them, and Shouto doesn't want to invade his personal space.

Except, Uraraka gets up from her seat and starts towards him, just as he presses the button on the elevator. "Hey, Izuku-chan, we're going to be eating dinner soon," she says, drawing closer. "You'll be back down later to eat, right?"

Izuku pauses. In front of him, the elevator doors swing open. "Uraraka, I-I… I don't..."

He glances over his shoulder. Yaoyorozu is still braiding Eri's hair, but her movements are slower than before, and Eri is no longer paying attention to her. Instead, her eyes are glued to Izuku's, wide and wondering.

"... Yeah," Izuku says to Uraraka at long last, stepping inside the elevator before the doors close. "I'll be back down for dinner."
Eri beams, and Yaoyorozu returns to her hair normally. Shouto returns to his book, and the elevator doors close and take Izuku with them.

When Shouto goes up later to tell him dinner is ready, the sound of Izuku's guitar drifts down the hall to welcome him. He's gotten a lot better since the last time Shouto heard him play. He's more confident now and hits less wrong strings.

Hours pass and no one sees any sign of him. Right up until that night, when Izuku joins them downstairs so they can eat dinner together. Shouto notices Inko casting worried looks Izuku's way from across the table, but she doesn't say anything. They make ramen (which is Eri's favorite), and once dinner is finished, Eri and Inko head off. Eri's hair is in two neat but thick braids over her shoulders, and she waves at Yaoyorozu and the other girls right up until the door closes behind her and Inko.

Izuku disappears almost right after dinner, and nobody nags him about it. He'd at least eaten with them, which is more than he's done for a while. They'll take whatever small victories they can.

In the meanwhile, there's been no new news about Kirishima. Nothing bad, nothing good; nothing. Just, nothing. And there's a viable, tangible spot without him. Silence he usually fills. Laughs he usually causes. The positive energy he emits. There's none of that, and the spot where it'd been is very real and very gaping.

When Shouto wakes up the next morning, Izuku is pressed against his back with hs forehead digging in the spot between Shouto's shoulder blades. Shouto doesn't mind it.

Toshinori doesn't like the thought of seeing Nighteye again. The last time they'd actually spoken had been regarding Toshinori's choice to give One For All to Kirishima, and that was... so long ago. And the conversation hadn't ended well. 

 

Now they have a meeting scheduled, not for one reason, but two. The most important reason of course is enlisting Nighteye's help in the Overhaul operation; but the second, underlying reason has to do with Nighteye wanting to speak with Toshinori. "All Might." Regarding what, Toshinori is left to guess. And his guesses always lead to the same bad ending.

Mirio is the one who leads them in, once they have everything arranged. The building is considerably large and full of bustling people. Toshinori recognizes a handful of them; mostly sidekicks of Sir Nighteye that he’d met in passing.

“Hey, Mirio!” chirps one in particular, bouncing towards them. Toshinori recognizes her as Bubble Girl.  Her eyes fall on Midoriya, Aizawa and Toshinori briefly before turning back towards Mirio. She’d seemed happy before, but now she wrings her hands together. “Are these the ones who’ve come to see Sir?”

Mirio nods. He, too, seems uncomfortable. “Is he busy?”

Bubble Girl shakes her head. “He’s been waiting for you,” she says, turning away and gesturing for them to follow. They do so.

It isn’t long before Bubble Girl’s eyes fall on Midoriya once again, and while she seems hesitant, she eventually says, “You’ll make a good impression on him if you try for a smile or say something witty.”

Midoriya’s face doesn’t change, but his eyes flicker up to meet hers. “Are you serious?”

Bubble Girl’s smile suddenly seems very forced. She looks like she’d rather sink through the floor than continue this conversation. “That’s how it is,” she says, turning back around. “I don’t get it, but I figured I’d warn you anyway.”

“Seems like a dumb way to judge people,” Midoriya says flatly. “I’m not gonna put on a special performance for him. He’s just gonna have to deal with me as I am, and if he doesn’t like it then that’s his decision.”

Bubble Girl’s smile looks almost like it hurts now. “Of course,” she says, tripping over her words only slightly. “Of course, sure, you don’t want to make yourself be someone you aren’t.”

Midoriya doesn’t respond whatsoever. Toshinori can’t tell whether that’s a good thing or a bad thing.  Bubble Girl continues on ahead of them and leads Toshinori, Midoriya, and Aizawa into the elevator. Up, up, up they go, towards Nighteye's office.

When they get there, Bubble Girl leaves for downstairs, having fulfilled her duty. No one stops her.  

After no short amount of uncomfortable, undisturbed silence, Mirio steps towards the closed door of Nighteye’s office and knocks thrice.

"Sir? It's Mirio. I have the U.A. people with me for the meeting."

For a time, there's silence, and Toshinori has just enough time to steel himself before a pensive voice calls back, "Enter." Mirio swings open the door, and he leads the way as the others file in behind them.

Nighteye's brows are drawn low over his dark eyes in a judgemental scowl that Toshinori knows all too well. It doesn't matter how many times he and his former sidekick have seen each other, spent time together, worked together; that glare will always get him. Every time.

Mirio seems uneasy, which is telling, considering he's the one among them who spent the most time around Nighteye in recent years. On the other hand, Aizawa and Midoriya don't seem daunted whatsoever.

"Nighteye," Aizawa greets, bowing just because he has to. Toshinori has no doubt he wouldn't bow otherwise, considering that look Nighteye is giving them. When Aizawa straightens up, his face is set in a grave, serious look that matches his tone of voice. "I'm sure you've been informed of the reason for our visit beforehand and have had time to think it through."

"I have," Nighteye responds lowly in a voice Toshinori doesn't know. Years and years of working together and Toshinori doesn't know that voice. "I'll give you my answer, but firstly. Mirio. Aizawa. Please leave us. I would like to speak to All Might and Midoriya in private."

Toshinori had been expecting this, but he'd hoped against it nonetheless. The fact that Midoriya hasn't properly reacted yet doesn't help with his unease.

Aizawa glares a little darker, but bows (sarcastically, probably) and leaves with Mirio. Mirio looks at Nighteye, Toshinori, and Midoriya for a long moment before closing the door behind him.

They're alone now.

Nighteye's eyes meet Toshinori's. "Long time no see," he says, but there's no welcome or merriment in his tone. In fact, Toshinori doesn't think those words could sound more discriminating and accusative. Nighteye looks away from him long enough to meet Midoriya’s eyes. "Midoriya,” he acknowledges. “It's nice to meet you."

The tone of his voice betrays his words. Midoriya says nothing, but it's not like Nighteye would have given him the chance to, anyway, because he turns right back to Toshinori and says, "I warned you, All Might. I warned you."

Waiting is nerve racking. But what bothers Mirio most is that, for whatever reason, Nighteye didn't want him or Aizawa hearing his conversation between Midoriya and All Might. It worries him.

But there’s no use being worried, he tells himself. They’ll get this whole thing figured out soon enough. He has to keep telling himself that. So, until then,

"We have a hospitality room," Mirio tells Aizawa when the thought pops into his head. "Would you like some coffee, Sensei?"

Aizawa heaves a sigh, but nods. "That sounds fantastic."

Mirio smiles brightly at him and leads him downstairs, then down a long, winding hallway towards the hospitality room. It's a simple room, with a couple couches, a few potted plants, and a coffee station—which is exactly what Aizawa makes a beeline for as soon as they arrive.

Mirio takes a seat, and once Aizawa finishes pouring his coffee (he doesn’t do anything else to it), he takes a seat beside Mirio with a sigh.

“What do you think about all of this, Togata?”

Mirio turns to him sharply with a quizzical look. “What do you mean?”

“I know this is all happening suddenly,” Aizawa says, “and both you and your mentor are now involved in all of this. What are your thoughts on it? You didn’t say anything during the meeting.”

Mirio looks down at his hands, then shakes his head. “Suppose I didn’t… well… I know we have to do it. So long as Overhaul is out there, manufacturing TRIGGER, we have to do something. I think acting now, while we still have the chance, is the right thing to do. Better to strike first, right?”

Aizawa studies his face for a moment, and Mirio thinks he might’ve said something wrong, but Aizawa simply shakes his head with another long sigh.

“You’re right. I just wish we didn’t have to throw the students back out there like this. I hate to say it… and it seems wrong, maybe selfish, but… Midoriya’s Quirk is one of the strongest I’ve ever seen. If not the strongest. And he already took down Overhaul once, if for a brief while. He can defeat Overhaul easier than any of us.”

It’s true, but Mirio thinks of Uraraka’s words, Kirishima’s name all over the news, and he doesn’t know. Striking first seems like the right thing to do, and of course sending Midoriya out there with the heroes seems like a no brainer as well.

But…

“Even if striking first and striking hard is the right thing to do,” Mirio says, “I still wish there was a better way of going about it.”

Aizawa looks ahead and not at him, but he looks more weary and drawn than ever. “Me too, Togata,” he says. “But right now, I don’t think—”

He stops all of a sudden, eyes widening. Mirio frowns, concerned.

“Sensei? What’s the matter?”

“Do you hear that?” Aizawa asks, turning to him.

Mirio blinks. “... I… don’t think I do.”

“Listen.”

And Mirio does. He holds his breath, tenses his muscles, and he listens.

And he hears something, very faintly. He doesn’t know where it’s coming from, which direction, be it above him, below him or all around him, but he hears it.

A faint, almost non-existent ticking. Slowly, but evenly, like the hand of a very old grandfather clock.

Like a clock.

Like a clock.

Ticking.

Down.

Getting…

Faster…?

Aizawa’s feet hit the ground, and Mirio is beside him in an instant. “Hit the alarm,” he says—and then, he turns and bolts from the hospitality room with Mirio hot on his heels.

Nighteye hasn’t stopped glaring, and honestly, Toshinori can barely blame him. But still. All the same. With Midoriya beside him, with all this new talk of Quirk-erasing bullets and TRIGGER and Overhaul…

Now isn’t the time.

Toshinori grits his teeth, balls his fists and holds his ground. "Nighteye," he says, trying to keep his composure against the torrent of warring emotions that comes at him, "I will always consider you a friend, even through all the long years of rough patches. But to whom I entrust One For All is my decision to make. Not yours."

Nighteye's face doesn't change. "Regardless," he says, "I advised you against it, you chose not to listen, and just look where we are now.” He spreads an arm, gesturing at the two of them. “In the midst of one of the most horrific incidents we've ever faced, and One For All is dead."

His words hang in the air. Ring through Toshinori’s ears. Images of Kirishima flash in his mind’s eye, and his retort gets stuck with the sudden lump that springs into his throat.

"No it's not."

Toshinori and Nighteye both turn to Midoriya, and it's only now that Toshinori realizes the boy is seething. His fists are balled and shaking, his eyes are narrowed in a glare that makes Nighteye look like some kind of harmless, innocent little puppy, and there's something dark in his eyes. Something Toshinori doesn't like one bit.

Something that reminds Toshinori of the look on his face when he’d first told Midoriya of his inheritage. The reason he, Tenko and Kowareta were targeted by All For One in the first place.

"Excuse me?" Nighteye questions, eyes narrowing. When Midoriya doesn’t answer right away, Nighteye clicks his tongue and shakes his head. "I don't know why All Might thought entrusting you with One For All's sacred secret was a good idea."

"Well, guess what?" Midoriya snaps. “Newsflash, One For All doesn't belong to you. What makes you think that just because All Might trusts you you somehow have the right to make his decisions for him?"

"What is the state of One For All, then, Midoriya?" Nighteye asks with feigned calm, folding his hands out in front of him. "Tell me. Why don't you." 

"Shut up," Midoriya says lowly. "Kirishima could die right now and all you'd care about is One For All."

"What happened to Kirishima is terrible," Nighteye says, "but you can't stand there and tell me that it was a good idea to entrust it to Kirishima. If Mirio had received One For All, this situation would be that much easier. And Kirishima wouldn't be in this predicament whatsoever."

Midoriya is shaking now, and Toshinori can hear every ragged breath. “Mirio has nothing to do with this.”

“He deserved One For All more than anyone,” Nighteye says simply. “He should have been the one to receive it.”  

"Die mad about it," Midoriya snarls at him. "One For All isn't yours to give away, Nighteye. I don't care if Mirio is the strongest person in the entire world; One For All is Kirishima's now, and you can't change that. No matter how much you whine about it or how pissed you get, it's only ever going to be your opinion."

Nighteye's glare darkens, and Toshinori is just about to step in and tell them to stop when Midoriya’s eyes blow wide. His glare falls. He touches two fingers against his temple as though trying to ease a headache, but there’s no indication of pain on his face.

“Midoriya?” Toshinori asks, worry settling in. “Midoriya, what is it?”

“I… hear something,” Midoriya says, still holding his head. Gold spreads over the green in his eyes like a surge of black paint through clean water. “It’s… ticking. No, wait—there’re more than one, they’re in the walls, they’re—”

His eyes go wider.

“They’re getting faster—”

Before Toshinori or Nighteye can react, a loud, piercing siren slices through the silence. Midoriya shrieks and snaps his hands around his ears, squeezing his eyes shut; Toshinori calls his name, barely getting his voice over the siren.

For the first time since their arrival, Nighteye isn’t glaring. He looks suddenly urgent.

“That doesn’t make sense,” he says, leaping to his feet, “the security system is one of the highest in the city—”

Behind them, the door bangs the wall, and in the doorway stands a frantic, flustered Mirio.

"Sir! All Might, Midoriya! We have to evacuate, now!" he shouts before anyone can get a word out. “There’s a bomb in the facility, it could go off any—!"

The walls fly at them. The floor collapses. The world explodes with a bang, a crack, sweltering heat, and a flash of light.

And then the world is gone.

The building trembles. Smoke billows. Walls crash to the ground. Windows blow out. People scream.

Outside the building, watching from an alleyway where no one can see, one of the police officers melts down into Himiko Toga, who smiles to herself as she continues on her way at a cheerful pace. When the nearby civilians see what’s happening in the building, they all gather round to watch, calling the police, heroes, in some cases, screaming, and Toga heads further into the alleyway to avoid the public eye. She’s not sure how many people know what she looks like, but she doesn’t want to get caught nonetheless.

When she’s alone and surrounded by silence, she whips her phone from her pocket, dials, and holds it against her ear, waiting. After three and a half rings, the caller picks up.

“Yes?”

“The board is set, Chisaki-chan!” Toga chirps brightly, hardly able to contain herself. “I did everything you asked, right down to the last wire! Aren’t you proud?”

“Don’t call me Chisaki-chan. And if you really did do it right, then yeah, I’m happy. It won’t be long now.”

Toga beams and skips just a little faster. Behind her lies the body of the police officer whose skin she’d borrowed, and letters are smeared on the walls in his blood.
Chapter 50
Notes:

    before we get into it, art! :)

    ghostprinceiii

    Thank you very much!

    enjoy the chapter, everyone. :)

Chapter Text

With a spring in her step and a smile on her face, Toga skips down a long but straight hallway. The walls and stone floors are painted white, and the light bounces off of them easily. At the end of the hallway stands a tall, wooden door.

When she reaches it, she removes the boards keeping the door barred shut with some trouble, and once she’s set them against the wall, she swings wide the door and prances inside.  

The room is dark in the corners, but well-lit in the center, with the same white walls and white, stone floor as before. Aside from a desk in the center and a couple bookcases up against the walls, it’s completely barren.

“I’ve done it!” she cheers, drawing a knife as proof. There’s still some blood on the hilt, though the blade has been wiped clean. “I gave them a message, just as you said!”

Overhaul is sitting at the desk, and he looks up from his laptop screen to meet her eyes. He frowns deeply at the knife before looking her over more closely. “... Why is there blood on your clothes?”

“Oh, don’t worry about that!” Toga chirps back, shaking her head and sheathing the knife. “You asked me to give them a message they wouldn’t forget, and I did!”

Overhaul heaves a long sigh and sits back in his chair, pushing the laptop off to the side. “I just wanted you to give them the coordinates and call out Midoriya Izuku,” he says, rubbing at his temples. “You didn’t have to kill anyone.”

“Well maybe he isn’t dead!” answers Toga like it’s no trouble at all. “Don’t sweat the small stuff, Chisaki-chan!”

“I told you not to call me that, too.”

“Anyway, whatcha doin’?” She skips over to his desk and looks over his shoulder, completely unfazed. “You still working on those needle-bullet things?”

“Yes,” says Overhaul, dragging a silver briefcase over in place of the laptop. “The prototype has been completed. I would like to give it a proper field test beforehand, but I don’t think we have enough time for that.”

Toga squeals and swings herself back and forth. “Oh, I’m so excited!” she sings, dancing around the desk. “Soon I’ll get to see Izu-chan again! I can’t wait to see the look on his face when I fight him! I bet he’ll look so cute!”

“Yeah, yeah.” Overhaul shakes his head. “For now, have the others meet me here. We need to discuss our plan.”

“Okay!” agrees Toga, and she skips away and leaves Overhaul behind. Once the door has shut behind her and he hears the boards sliding back into place, he undoes the combination lock on the briefcase and flips the lid open.

The TRIGGER syringes are cushioned in soft, gray foam. The other prototype bullets—the Quirk-erasing ones—are in the same container, but the opposite side. On the edge of Overhaul’s table is a gun.

He’s heard much about Midoriya Izuku. Has seen his fights on TV. He knows how strong the boy is, knows the kind of Quirk he possesses. Toga recounted to him firsthand just what it can do and how powerful it is.

That’s why he’s prepared.

He takes one of the TRIGGER syringes, flicks a finger against the glass to remove the bubbles, and sets it aside. He closes the lid of the briefcase just as Toga returns with the rest of his men. In total, there are ten of them—including himself and Toga—but, as he thinks of his own Quirk, the TRIGGER syringes, and the Quirk-erasing bullets…

Yeah. They have more than enough.

As he rises from his chair to speak with his men, his laptop depicts the local news, reported live. A burning building, screaming civilians, a frantic reporter...

Smoke fills his sinuses the second he tries to take a breath.

It leaves Nighteye coughing and spluttering, but he somehow manages to open his eyes, if just a crack. Sweat plasters his clothes to his skin and all he sees when he looks are bright flames. All he feels is burn and heat and oh god, what happened? Where is everyone? Those were bombs, those were bombs—

He realizes, when his arm is jostled and a sharp pain shoots up his forearm, that he’s being dragged. Not completely dragged; it’s more of a half-carry, half-drag. Like the person is trying to be careful but failing miserably.

Nighteye must have hit his head in the explosion, because his vision is blurry and he can’t think as well as he usually can. But through the smoke and fire, he makes out the silhouette of what seems to be a little kid.

A little kid he soon realizes it actually Midoriya.

As though on cue, Midoriya looks at him over his shoulder, and their eyes meet. Unlike before, Midoriya’s eyes are a molten gold and seem to glow in the darkness, and his gaze is absolutely haunting. He can’t pin down why but especially now, there’s something very primal about that look in his eyes. Midoriya speaks, but Nighteye can’t hear him over the thick smoke and roar of the flames.

(All Might should be here, too, where is he? He was in the building, he should still be in the building, where is he?)

Nighteye can’t voice any of this through the smoke in his throat and lungs, but he continues to hold Midoriya’s gaze as the boy struggles to get him out of this burning hellhole they’ve found themselves in.

(This isn’t about One For All.)

He looks into Midoriya’s eyes, then further than that, into his soul. Into his future.

He looks deep, then deeper.

And he sees it.

It’s more than just seeing it, though, he feels it. He feels every second of it through the boy’s perspective. He sees every ounce of rage, every bit of anger, every moment of hurt.

Every second of pain.

The scene cuts abruptly, and Nighteye drops into unconsciousness' abyss. 

Shouto is right in the middle of helping Iida make lunch that Saturday afternoon when Kaminari skids into the kitchen, waving his phone around frantically.

"Did you guys see this?" he gasps, racing towards them as they turn. "Because holy crap, if this was what Aizawa was talking about then I'm freaking scared."

Shouto, Iida, and whoever else was in earshot races toward him to look over Kaminari’s shoulder. He has his news app up, and on-screen depicts a scene that reminds Shouto all too much of Kamino.

There are civilians shouting, pointing, whooping and shrieking; they're focused on a smoking, burning building, with collapsing walls and roof caving in.

The reporter on-screen has wide eyes and wind blown hair, and her voice has a shrill, frantic edge to it.

"Coming to you live from a traumatic incident that’s only just occurred!" she's saying like her life depends on it. Kaminari turns up the volume so everyone can hear. "We have reports of a bombing on the hero agency of Sir Nighteye! We don't have a casualty count yet, and the authorities are still on their way! We'll keep it rolling and update you as things progress!"

"Oh holy crap," Sero breathes, eyes as wide as the reporter's. "That building looks like it could come down on any time, holy crap..."

"I hope everyone's okay," Jirou says, but she doesn't sound super reassured. "They'll get it resolved, don't you think?"

Shouto and the others watch in earnest, though, even though the reporter currently has nothing more to say. They watch with bated breath and clenched teeth.

This isn’t the first bombing incident that’s been on the news lately. There was one yesterday, another a few days before that; but with those incidents, it was like the planter didn’t want anyone to get hurt. A run-down, abandoned coffee shop had a wall blown out by one; another went off in an alley and blasted two chunks out of two vacant office buildings.

But this time it’s different. This is the first time it’s been in a major area.

This is the first time there have been casualties.

Just when he thinks it couldn’t possibly get any worse, Kaminari says, “W-Wait a second…” and raises a shaking finger to point at a figure moving at the bottom of the screen. The figure is barely in-frame, but still perfectly recognizable.  Shouto’s heart skips a beat.

“Is that Midoriya?”

When Mirio comes to, he’s acutely aware of the horrid stabbing in his chest and the taste of iron in his mouth.

Mirio pushes himself off the ground slowly. There's blood on the ground beneath him; not a lot, but enough to snap him out of his stupor. Smoke fills his nostrils and his lungs. His eyes and throat burn with the sweltering heat.

He gets to his feet, staggering only for a moment. Splintered pieces of building along with blistering flames stretch before him.

He doesn't remember what happened at first, but then it all comes rushing back at him in a torrent. The ticking, hitting the alarm while Aizawa explained the situation in haste to the lady at the desk, running in to try and warn Sir and All Might and Midoriya, but being too late—

He doesn’t know how many people got out before the bombs blew. He doesn’t know how many people are still in here, hurt, trapped, stuck, maybe even worse than that.

He grits his teeth, tries not to breathe, and tears through the flames. Even if he can only get one person out of here, then he’s going to do it.

The entire building is decimated, and he can’t tell what actually happened to the second floor, because bits of the floor have caved in, the staircase is in shambles, and everything is smoke and fire and haze. He runs because lives depend on it, but there’s smoke in his lungs and eyes and it’s becoming impossible to breathe.

A huge chunk of ceiling comes crashing down in front of him, sending up smoke, embers, and busting the floor beneath even further. Mirio flinches back, hands going up to cover his face, but he sees something that he hadn’t before. The receptionist’s desk is in pieces, and one of said pieces is pinning down the receptionist.

Mirio races towards her, ignoring the fires dancing along the floor and the distinct feeling of blood trickling down the side of his head. The receptionist’s eyes meet his as he kneels, assessing the situation. She’s pinned on her stomach with her lower half crushed by a beam. She’s conscious and clawing at the ground for purchase, but he doesn’t know how.

“Hang on,” he manages through a throat filled with smoke, and he curls his fingers beneath the beam. “On the count of three I’m going to lift it, and you need to go.” He pauses to cough, but not for long. “C-Can you do that?”

She nods. Mirio counts down from three, steels himself, and heaves the beam off of her. She scrambles out from under it immediately, even as blood rolls down her leg from decent-sized gashes from when the windows were blasted through. As soon as she’s cleared it, Mirio lets the beam crash to the ground again, regretting it when embers and smoke billow in his face.

“G-Go!” Mirio tells her when he sees she hasn’t moved beyond escaping. “If you can run, r-run!”

There must be something about his voice, because the usually stubborn receptionist nods feverishly and goes as fast as she can, hobbling, tripping and limping until she’s safely out the door.

He staggers to one side, his shoulder slamming into what is probably the only truly intact wall left in the entirety of the building. He brings a hand to his mouth in an effort to keep out the smoke, but it fails pitifully and he’s left choking and gasping for air he can’t get.

There has to be something else. There has to be something he can do. There has to be one more person who needs him, and even if there’s just one person then he has to move, he has to let go of the wall and he has to go—

“Togata-senpai!”

He hears someone call out to him as though from very far away, and distantly, he recognizes the voice. Through burning eyes, he sees Midoriya’s figure charging at him through the flames, stomping through each patch of fire as though he feels no pain at all.

Mirio tries answering him, but it turns into another fight for breath and soon it becomes too much. Midoriya reaches for him, and Mirio hits the ground before their fingers touch.

It seems just as quickly, he’s snapping awake again, this time painless and in the hospital.

He sits up, and tubes shift against his face and neck and arms. When he reaches up to touch his face, his fingers meet oxygen tubes, trailing from his nose and around his ears, along with gauze on his cheeks. There are two different tubes in his arm, both leading to a separate bag on the IV stand.

He doesn’t remember how he got here. He doesn’t remember anything beyond seeing Midoriya’s rapidly approaching silhouette back in the burning, collapsing building.

He’s just about to think more into it when the door swings open and in walks the doctor. Mirio doesn’t recognize him, but the doctor’s face lights up as though they’re long-lost friends.

“Ah, you’re awake!” he says, making his way over with a clipboard tucked against his chest. “I’m relieved. We were worried about smoke inhalation; your lungs weren’t in good shape when you got here, and you had a broken rib. You’re lucky you arrived here when you did. Any more moving around and you may have punctured a lung.”

It all flies right over Mirio’s head. “Is everyone else okay?” he asks desperately because there were a lot of people in that building. “Did they all make it out safely? What happened?”

He’s half expecting a dark shadow of sorrow to cross over the doctor’s face. He’s expecting an estimated amount of casualties. Deaths. He’s expecting death.

But the doctor smiles at him, even though it seems worn and pained.

“You aren’t going to believe this,” he says, “but there were no deaths or otherwise grievous injuries. A lot of people evacuated before the bombs went off, and the rest of them were found and brought out safely before the building collapsed.”

A huge breath escapes him, and he feels weak and dizzy with relief. Everyone’s okay, then. The receptionist, Midoriya, All Might, Nighteye, Aizawa, the other interns, Nighteye’s sidekicks… they’re all okay.

The building collapsed, though. That was something he hadn’t known.  

“Though, I will say…” Mirio looks back at him, and the doctor folds his hands in his lap over his clipboard. “I was expecting more casualties,” he admits. “I saw the incident on the news before the ambulances returned with the victims. But, that boy, Midoriya Izuku…”

Mirio’s eyes widen. “W-Wait, where is he? What happened? Is he alright?”

“He’s… exhausted,” the doctor says, shaking his head. “He’s weak and drained, and we’ll be leaving him on oxygen for an extended period of time, but he’s very much alive. And it’s because of him that everyone else is as well.”

Mirio blinks once. Then twice.

“I don’t…”

That’s the thing, though; Midoriya is not physically fit. Mirio is surprised he even made it passed the basic fitness test required by the Hero Course. He does have some muscle—lean muscle, anyway—but he couldn’t lift a beam off of the receptionist like Mirio had. He couldn’t run faster, jump higher. His stamina was lesser.  

“I don’t understand,” Mirio says at long last. “How did he…?”

“I’ll be frank with you,” the doctor says, shaking his head again, “I don’t understand it, either. But he brought you out. And then he went back in and came out dragging two more. Eraserhead was outside when the bombs blew, and he raced back in to help him get people out safely. When the firemen arrived, Midoriya went in there and led them to the rest of the victims. He kept leading the firemen to the ones they wouldn’t be able to find otherwise, and he helped drag them to safety. I spoke to All Might briefly regarding this…”

At this, the doctor folds his hands and releases a heaving sigh.

“He told me a little bit about Midoriya’s Quirk. How it works, what it does, why he was bleeding…”

Mirio’s eyes go slightly wider, but the doctor doesn’t seem to notice. He shakes his head with another sigh and goes on.

“He made his own ears bleed, amplifying his hearing further and further until he could hear every sound, every whimper, every breath,” the doctor speaks softly, but with revere. “And it’s because of him that everyone got out of the building safely.”

Mirio can’t believe it. Well, he can, and he has to because the doctor wouldn’t lie to him, but, at the same time… he doesn’t understand.

“He’s… I… is it okay if I see him? Am I allowed to?”

The doctor looks down at something on his clipboard, then back up at Mirio. “Let me examine you, first,” he says, rising to his feet. “Once that’s over with, if you’re fit enough, I’ll see about letting you visit Midoriya. Sound good?”

Mirio nods, and as the doctor runs him through his examination, he also runs him through a recount of his injuries. There are substantially less than Mirio had been expecting.

“You had a minor concussion and a couple cracked as well as one broken rib, but with our combined healing Quirks we’ve been able to mend them almost completely. Just be sure not to do anything strenuous for a while, alright?”

Mirio nods; in the back of his mind he hears the words strike first, find Overhaul, but there isn’t anything he can do about that so long as he’s in the hospital.

“Let me see…” The doctor reaches over and removes the oxygen tubes, first from his nose, then from around his ears and neck. “Can you still breathe alright?”

His chest feels a little tight, but he can breathe just fine. He nods, and the doctor sets the oxygen tubes off to the side.

“Let me know if that changes. You inhaled quite a bit of smoke.”

Not as much as Midoriya had, probably.

“Well.” The doctor pushes back his chair and stands. “As long as you aren’t in any pain and you feel up to it, I see no reason why you can’t go visit Midoriya. He regained consciousness a little over an hour ago; he’s been asking about you.”

He’s sure he isn’t special. He’s sure Midoriya asked about every single person he’d saved from that burning building. He isn’t surprised, or even impressed; simply… dumbfounded. And maybe he would be surprised or impressed if he wasn’t so shocked.

The doctor straightens up, seemingly not realizing Mirio’s stunned silence. "Before I forget,” he says, overlooking his clipboard again, “your mentor—that is, Sir Nighteye—mentioned that he would like to have a brief word with you as soon as possible. He says it's important. You feel up to it? You can see Midoriya right afterwards; Sir Nighteye’s room is on the way there.”

Mirio blinks, dragged back into reality, but he takes in the request and nods. He wouldn't mind seeing Nighteye; further confirmation that he's alright. He wouldn't mind seeing All Might or the receptionist either, of course, but he's most worried about Nighteye and Midoriya.

Though specifically Midoriya.

The doctor removes the IVs once they’re ready to go, and as soon as that’s over with, the doctor leads Mirio out of his room and down a long hallway. The hospital is bustling with nurses and doctors who all look like they have somewhere important to be, and every now and then he passes a couple normal civilians who are, no doubt, visiting friends and loved ones. Mirio wonders if Midoriya’s parents have come to see him yet.

From there, the doctor leads him down the hall a little further and finally to a private hospital room. He knocks twice to announce his presence, then swings open the door and beckons for Mirio to follow him. He does.  

Nighteye is standing by the window. One of his arms is in a sling, and there's gauze wrapped securely around his forehead. He isn’t wearing a hospital gown like Mirio is; it would seem he’s wearing the same clothes he wore the time of the fire, actually. Only a fresh, undamaged pair.  

The doctor bows out of the room to give them some privacy, and Nighteye turns to him. He looks very old and worn, and Mirio can’t remember a time, ever, when he’d looked so doleful and lost.

"Mirio," he says, taking a step towards him. "Are you alright?"

"I'm fine, don't worry," Mirio says, playing it off with a smile that he's sure looks every bit as fake as it feels. “It’s nothing, the doctors already healed me.”

"What are your injuries?"

"Uh, just a minor concussion and a couple cracked ribs," Mirio says, trying his best not to show just how worried he actually is. "I'm fine, promise. How about you, Sir? How are your injuries?"

Nighteye's hand comes to touch his injured one. "... Minimal," he says, lowering his hand once more. "It could have been far worse. I'm glad to hear that you're alright."

Mirio nods, but slowly, his smile fades. He looks down at his bare feet, bites his lip, then looks back up.

"The doctor said you wanted to talk," Mirio says. "I'm... assuming there's more to it than just asking about my injuries. What's wrong?"

Nighteye drags a long breath through his teeth and looks out the window, just to avoid Mirio's gaze.

"You're still accompanying the heroes to stop Overhaul, granted the doctor permits it," he says slowly, "correct?"

Mirio nods. "As long as the doctor allows it. Why?"

Nighteye takes another breath, but this time he turns back to Mirio.

“That boy, Midoriya. As he was taking me to safety, I looked into his future."

Mirio's heart leaps into his throat, not just because of Nighteye's words, but moreover, the way he says them.

"Sir... I... what happens?" he asks, though he isn't sure he wants to know the answer. "Do we win?"

Nighteye doesn't answer for a painfully long while. “... I’m not sure you can call what’s going to happen a ‘win,’” he says quietly. “If you don’t bring Midoriya with you, you cannot defeat Overhaul. However, if you do take Midoriya… I don’t think you will find the outcome favorable.”

Mirio doesn’t process this. He decides not to process this. “What do you mean ‘not favorable’?” he asks instead, starting forward. “Sir—”

“I will not tell you,” Nighteye cuts in sharply, but he doesn’t sound angry. Only very serious. “If I tell you, it’s as though I’m signing this doom to come to pass. And, even if I wasn’t…” He turns from the window and meets Mirio’s eyes. “I don’t want to burden you with it right before you set out.”

Mirio blinks once, then twice. “You aren’t coming?”

Nighteye looks down. “My presence or lack of presence will not change anything,” he says. “I looked into the future as U.A. wanted me to, and now that that is over, I am through with this.”

“Sir, you can’t—”

“Mirio. Please. Listen to me.”

Mirio stops, teeth clamping shut. Nighteye faces him once again.

“I said some things to Midoriya that I should not have said,” he says. “I did not understand the extent of what he’s dealing with. When you set out, with him and the others… you have to keep an eye on him. I have already destroyed any chance I have of talking sense into him; but he respects you. If anyone can convince him… I believe you can.”

Mirio's breath gets stuck in his throat, and he finds that, when he tries to speak, words fail him. He has nothing to say, nothing worth saying. All he can do is stand there and wish in vain that he could fill the silence with something other than longing and despair.

"... If I can," Nighteye says stiffly, "I will also try talking sense into him. However, it is as I said; I don't think he'll hear me. I was harsh and insensitive, and I do believe I destroyed any chance we had of getting along."

Mirio bites his lip for a long moment, but this time he can find his words.

"Don't say that, Sir," he says, calmly but firmly. "Don't count it out yet. If you really wanna fix what you said, then you still have that chance."

Nighteye turns back to him sharply, and Mirio thinks he's about to say something else, but that's when three knocks sound and the doctor re-enters the room

“Ah, sorry to interrupt,” the doctor says, “but we would like to keep visitations short, especially since you’re all still recovering. Mirio? I can take you to Midoriya now.”

Mirio casts one last glance at Nighteye, but he’s already turned back towards the window and is looking out distantly, almost like Mirio has already left him all alone. Mirio swallows, but turns and follows the doctor out of the hospital room. The door clicks shut behind him and he doesn’t look back. He follows the doctor down the hall, past room after room. Sometimes the doors are open and the rooms are empty; sometimes they are not.

From there, the doctor leads Mirio into a ward with several beds for several patients, all hidden by blue curtains that wrap around the beds to form a neat little enclosure where they can have privacy. Mirio wonders, briefly where All Might is. He wonders how grievous are his  injuries. He's sure the doctor would have mentioned something if it was serious, but still… not to mention the receptionist and the rest of the people who were in the building when it blew…

There are a couple signs of life in the ward; nurses bustling, people murmuring to each other quietly in voices Mirio can’t make out or recognize. The doctor finally leads him to the final enclosure at the very back of the ward, and he taps on the bar with his knuckles before pulling the curtain open.

Midoriya is sitting up on the hospital bed, with oxygen tubes up his nose and around his ears and several drips on the IV stand by his bedside. His head is bandaged, and there are bits of gauze taped to his cheeks and wrapped around his hands and wrists (and probably beneath his hospital gown, too). It takes Mirio another second to notice, but there are golden freckles in his green irises.

Midoriya meets his eyes with that same, blank, indifferent look, as though they aren’t actually in a hospital right now and hadn’t just survived a bombing.

“I’ll give you two some time,” the doctor says, turning away. “I’ll be back shortly. There are still some tests we have to run.”

Mirio and Midoriya nods, and the doctor pulls the curtain shut behind him as he leaves. Midoriya and Mirio are alone.

“... Togata-senpai,” Midoriya says, blinking at him slowly. “How are—”

“Mirio,” Mirio interrupts, without thinking. When Midoriya stares in wonder, Mirio cracks a fragile smile. “You saved my life, right? You can call me Mirio. Togata-senpai has always been a little too formal for me, anyway.”

Midoriya turns away this time, eyes falling on the side table. Mirio’s smile disappears.

“Midoriya…” He sits down on the edge of the bed cautiously, because he really doesn’t know how to act around Midoriya and Nighteye’s words really freaked him out more than he’d care to admit. “Are you—”

“I’m fine,” Midoriya cuts in sharply. “I’m fine, I promise. I know there’s other stuff you wanna talk about and we don’t have a lot of time, so go ahead and say it now while you still can.”

Mirio shouldn’t be surprised by him anymore, but he is. He takes in a long breath through his nose, absentmindedly threading his fingers together.

“Midoriya, what you did… how you saved everyone like that… it was admirable,” Mirio says. “It is admirable.”

Midoriya doesn’t look flattered. His eyes narrow little by little until it resembles something like an annoyed glare.

“It was scary, too, right?”

Mirio meets his eyes, and this time, he isn’t surprised. He sighs and shakes his head. “What can I say, Midoriya?” he asks rhetorically, not knowing what else to say. “You used your Quirk until you bled. Does that… does that honestly not bother you?”

Midoriya’s glare fades, and he looks down to avoid Mirio’s eyes. “... I don’t know. Not really,” he admits, looking almost guilty. “My Quirk makes me bleed a lot. It’s just… something I have to deal with, y’know? It’s not the worst thing that’s ever happened to me.”

It shows, Mirio thinks, but he banishes that thought the second it enters his mind. Nighteye’s haunting words replace it.

“... Midoriya… listen to me for a second.”

“Okay.”

“No, Midoriya, I mean… really listen to me.”

Midoriya frowns at him. “... Okay…?”

Mirio takes in a long breath. “Aside from what I heard from your classmates and what I experienced while fighting you... I… don’t know a thing about you. But… I do know that what’s been going on lately, with you, with your classmates, the whole Kamino incident… I don’t know what you’re feeling, but I’ve been around the block a few times. This might be bold of me to say, but… I know that look in your eyes. I’ve seen it before.”

Midoriya holds his gaze and doesn’t let it go. Neither does Mirio.

“And I know you just met me,” Mirio says, shaking his head, “but, Midoriya…”

(Nighteye’s haunted eyes. An unfavorable outcome. A demented future. Midoriya’s eyes.)

“... Please. I’m asking you this as an aspiring hero, as an upperclassman, maybe even as… a friend. Someone who cares about you.”

Something in Midoriya’s eyes softens, barely enough for him to notice. But it’d happened. And he does.

“... Let us help you,” Mirio says, voice nearly cracking at the end. “We want to help you, we really do. But if you don’t let us, then… it’s pointless to even try, don’t you think? We can’t lower your walls for you.”

Midoriya inhales and exhales through his nose, looking down at his hands again. A long silence passes between them, and Mirio knows he’s gotten through. He knows his words have had some kind of impact. He knows it’s going to be okay—

“Thank you, Mirio-senpai.”

Except—

Midoriya raises his head to look him in the eyes. His face has changed again. His demeanor is different.

His eyes are dead.

“But, I’m fine,” Midoriya says. “There’s nothing to talk about.”

A sharp chill shoots right down Mirio’s spine.  His mouth is dry. His throat is tight and he feels like he’s being suffocated by flames and smoke again, but it isn’t because he’s startled or shocked.

He’s scared.

(Dead eyes. “I looked into his future.” An unfavorable outcome. “You have to keep an eye on him. Convince him.”)

(A bleak future. They don’t win; they don’t lose. Nighteye couldn’t call it a victory or a defeat.)

Mirio wants to try again. He wants to speak up and he wants to say all of it over again, but he wants to be more convincing, he wants to sound more desperate, he wants to reason with him, please, if Sir is afraid of what he saw then we need to do something, you have to listen, you have to let us help you—

The rings of the curtain scrape against the metal bar surrounding the bed, and there’s the doctor. Judging by the cheerful look on his face, he hadn’t heard a word of their conversation.

“Time’s up,” the doctor says, jerking his head towards the door on the other side of the ward. “Midoriya, a nurse will be with you shortly to check your vitals. With luck we’ll be able to take you off oxygen. Mirio? Come with me, please.”

Midoriya nods stiffly, and Mirio rises to his feet on autopilot, not even completely registering that he’s moving. “Bye, Mirio-senpai,” Midoriya says softly. “Good luck.”

That dead look in Midoriya’s eyes is gone, but the effect it had on Mirio stays like icy hands grasping his heart.

Mirio follows the doctor out of the ward and back to his own room.

They’re all discharged pretty simultaneously. And as happy as Nighteye is at the thought of leaving the hospital, his hopes are dashed by everything else he has on his mind. Visions of Midoriya’s future still flash behind his eyelids. He tries not to think too hard about it, but really he can’t help it. It isn’t the worst thing he’s ever foreseen, but it’s definitely up there. High up there.

In fact, it might actually tie with his top choice for the worst things he’s ever seen.

He fills in the discharge papers in his own room. The doctors aren’t allowing visitations, Nighteye realizes; which means that even if Mirio’s parents had wanted to come visit him, they wouldn’t be able to.

Precaution, he supposes. Until the police can find who planted the bombs and why they were planted in the first place, everyone is a suspect.

Once he turns in the papers to the doctors and they remove the last of the wires and tubes, he’s free to go. He sets towards Mirio’s room with the doctor’s consent to, hopefully, see how the boy is doing and have a slightly less depressing chat with him than their first one.

Except it isn’t Mirio who he bumps into. It’s Midoriya. The boy is coming down what seems to be the only hallway in the entire hospital that isn’t bustling with people or lit with too many lights, and honestly, his demeanor is dark enough to have caused that darkness himself. He’s still bandaged and still looks banged up, but he’s moving at a normal pace, which would suggest he’s no longer in pain.

Unless he’s hiding it. Or shielding it. Or stopping it.

Midoriya steps into the light and stops, looking Nighteye in the eyes. Nighteye looks back with equal tenseness, but Midoriya pivots and starts in the opposite direction, away from him.

“... Midoriya. Wait.”

He isn’t sure what made him call out, but he does and Midoriya spins around to face him again. He doesn’t seem particularly combative, but his guard is definitely up, and considering how their first meeting had gone, there’s a good reason for that.

Nighteye draws a breath and speaks.

“I don’t want to be your enemy,” Nighteye says slowly, but firmly, yet cautiously all at the same time. “If I was truly out to get you, you’d know, wouldn’t you?”

“Of course I’d know,” Midoriya answers back, like he’s reciting what two plus two is to an arrogant math teacher trying to patronize him. “But that has nothing to do with whether or not I actually like you.”

“That’s fair,” Nighteye agrees, nodding. “I said some things to you before that… I should not have said. Especially in that kind of situation. I apologize.”

“Good for you,” says Midoriya, and his tone is flat and Nighteye can’t tell whether or not he’s being sarcastic—although, that’s probably exactly what he’s doing. “Now don’t do it again.”

He turns away once more and is about to storm off, but,

“Midoriya. There’s something I need to ask you.”

Midoriya stops, takes in a long breath as though he’s trying to calm himself down, then swings himself around. Their eyes meet, but Nighteye doesn’t back down this time. Not now.

“... I have a question,” Nighteye says, taking a small but deliberate step towards him. “And I want you to answer me truthfully this time.”

Midoriya narrows his eyes.

From what Toshinori has gleaned from the doctors (and of course he’d asked frantically the moment he regained consciousness), Toshinori’s injuries were the least of the victims. A part of him wished they were the worst; he would rather take everyone’s hurt on himself and experience it alone than to have them go through it; but he was more relieved that, despite everything, they were all alive. There had been injuries, some more troubling than others, but nothing debilitating. Nothing lethal. There were injuries but there was no death.

He’d told the doctors about Midoriya—primarily about the boy’s Quirk, considering the doctor was worried about him bleeding. But once Toshinori had explained it, the doctor had seemed satisfied. Impressed, even. And Toshinori was impressed as well but he was sure that what he and the doctor were feeling were two entirely different things.

The doctor takes him off oxygen. He’s given discharge papers to fill out in his own room ahead of time. From what he gathered, most everyone else has either been discharged, is being discharged, or will soon be discharged. Mirio, Midoriya, and Nighteye are all among the middle group. Along with himself.

When he’s good to go, he leaves, heading down the hall, following signs towards the exit. He’d gotten off easy, with only slight head trauma, a fracture in his ankle which has already been healed, and a sprained wrist that will heal soon. It’s really nothing compared to the injuries others are facing; while none of them are grievous, some are far worse.

Besides, his own injures aren’t what he really needs to be thinking about right now.

Down the hallway he goes, taking long, even strides. His room had been located much further into the hospital for his own safety—or, at least that’s what the doctors said.

“We think the bombing may have been because you were there,” the doctor had told him when he asked why he was given special protection. “A couple villains finally anxious for final revenge on the late ‘symbol of peace’... it’s nothing personal, of course. We’re only protecting you.”

It’s almost insulting, but Toshinori tries not to take it as such.

He makes it to the waiting room just in time to see the doors shut behind Nighteye’s retreating back. A part of him wants to rush forward, to say a word or two, but something stronger stays his feet. He doesn’t advance. He doesn’t go anywhere.

“I’m… sorry if he’s been hostile.”

Toshinori turns to the voice; Mirio stands beside him, wearing a t-shirt and a pair of jeans instead of a hospital gown. He still looks tired and a little worse for wear, but otherwise alright.

“I’m sure it’s been frustrating,” Mirio says, rubbing the back of his neck, “but these past couple of days have… kinda sucked.”

Well. That certainly seems like the understatement of the year.

“Are we all standing around for some reason?” Midoriya asks, stepping up to stand alongside Toshinori. He, like Mirio, is out of his hospital gown and is instead doning a dark purple t-shirt and what looks like a pair of galaxy-inspired yoga pants. Toshinori doesn’t know where he got him from because his mother hasn’t been here.

“My mom’s waiting for me outside,” Midoriya says as though he’d read Toshinori’s mind, and as he speaks he fishes his phone out of his pocket and begins scrolling through it. “So if you guys don’t mind I’m gonna go ahead and go. Do you need a ride back to school, Mirio-senpai?”

“Oh.” Mirio blinks twice, startled. “I mean, if you don’t mind, a ride would be kinda nice.”

“Cool.” Midoriya’s thumbs fly across the screen; there’s a woosh, then a ding!, and he turns to Mirio and says, “Yeah, you’re good. Toshinori-san?”

Toshinori shakes his head. “I’ll take the train,” he says. “I was meaning to stop by the police station to speak to Naomasa regarding this, anyway, so I have other places to be. You two should head back to school, though.”

“Yeah.” Midoriya nods. “Mom says she has like four SUVs accompanying her this time. Things just keep getting crazier, huh…”

Toshinori says nothing more. Mirio and Midoriya bid him farewell, and Toshinori waits until they’re gone before he leaves the hospital himself. He gets outside just in time to watch Inko’s car speed down the road, followed by the four black SUVs that Midoriya had mentioned. Nighteye is no nowhere to be seen.

And then his phone rings.

There’s police tape everywhere, as well as policemen. The area still smells like smoke and melted plastic. What had once been Nighteye’s hero agency is now a structural danger with blown out walls and collapsed roofs, surrounded by heroes and construction men trying to ensure it doesn’t come down on anyone.

Toshinori averts his gaze, stuffs it in the back of his mind, and continues down towards an alley. There are at least ten police cars parked on the curb, and thrice as many officers standing guard, conversing amongst each other, telling passing civilians to take the long way around. Naomasa is the first to greet him when he arrives, and right behind him is Aizawa.

“Thanks for getting here so fast,” Naomasa says, but his words are rushed and he’s already beckoning Toshinori to follow him into the alleyway, lit with several halogen lights. “Please, follow me.”

The atmosphere is already enough to tell Toshinori that he isn’t going to like what’s in the alleyway.

He doesn’t.

“Officer Suga was found here, half-dead, during the investigation after the bombs blew,” Naomasa is saying, and Toshinori can see the exact spot. The crime scene is undisturbed; there’s a dark stain of dry blood on the side of the wall and on the cement below.

Toshinori feels strangled. “How was he injured? Is he alive?”

“In the ICU,” Aizawa answers shortly, but Toshinori has known him long enough to hear the slight waiver of his voice. “Stab wounds. Several of them. Hit a couple arteries, but somehow he’s alive. The doctors got to him in the nick of time.”

At least he’s alive, Toshinori thinks; but then, Naomasa continues into the alley, and Toshinori follows Aizawa as he follows him.

“I wish I could say that’s the most disturbing thing we found,” Naomasa says, brows drawn together, “but…”

He nods to an officer standing idle, and he turns one of the halogen lights up to aim at the alley’s wall. If Toshinori had had a stomach, it would have leapt right into his throat.

He doesn’t know what it is at first, but it hits him when he sees the splatters on the ground and remembers what Naomasa told him, about Officer Suga. There’s blood smeared all over the wall in big, blocky, bold lettering.

MƖƊƠƦƖƳƛ ƖȤƲƘƲ

í Ƙղօա ահɑԵ վօմ ժíժ

աҽ ɑӀӀ Ƙղօա ահɑԵ վօմ ժíժ

ƑƛƇЄ ƳƠƲƦ ƇƠƝƧЄƢƲЄƝƇЄƧ

ƑƛƇЄ MЄ

íԵ'Տ Եíʍҽ

íԵ'Տ Եíʍҽ

íԵ'Տ Եíʍҽ

íԵ'Տ Եíʍҽ

… Followed by an array of numbers, seemingly in no order whatsoever. But a moment later, he understands. Just as Naomasa moves closer to explain it, Toshinori gets it.

“They’re coordinates, Toshinori,” Naomasa says heavily. “The first place leads to where Midoriya originally found and rescued Eri. The second one leads to the very outskirts of Japan. To an abandoned warehouse by the oceanside.”

Toshinori’s eyes widen. “So… you think that’s where they are?”

“It’s definitely some kind of trap,” says Aizawa, arms crossed over the chest. “But at the same time, after that bombing, we can’t exactly ignore this, either.”

He’s right. Toshinori doesn’t like it but he’s right.

“... We’ll have a meeting,” Naomasa says at long last. “Between the police force and the heroes who are going with us. Along with Midoriya and Togata. From there… we can chart our course of action. Until then, we’ll scout out the coordinates and see what we can find.”

Toshinori manages a stiff nod. His heart begins to pound.

The drive to U.A. couldn’t have been more awkward if there was an elephant sitting in the car with them. Mirio and Midoriya take the backseat while Midoriya’s mother drives; a fluffy dog sits in the seat between Midoriya and Mirio, and there’s a white cat sitting atop the dog’s head.

Ms. Midoriya seems… nice? She was pleasant to him, agreeing to drive him back to U.A. with a smile and a promise that, no, it’s no trouble at all; but at the same time there’s something about her that kind of makes him feel like he should be wary. Sort of like Midoriya only more subtle

“You both okay back there?” she asks them when neither speaks for a long while, and Mirio is snapped out of his daze.

“I’m just fine, thank you!” he assures with a smile, then turns to his silent companion. It’s hard to see Midoriya’s face over the dog that sits between them. “Midoriya?”

Midoriya strokes the dog’s fur and doesn’t meet his eyes. “I’m fine.”

He really isn’t, but he gets the feeling that Ms. Midoriya knows this. She probably knows that neither of them are really as fine as they’d have her believe. She falls silent and doesn’t speak again until they’ve pulled up by U.A.’s towering front gates. The SUVs park around them, and Ms. Midoriya exits the vehicle first. Midoriya hops out of the car with the dog and the cat, and Mirio gets out on the other side.

“Thank you for the ride, Ms. Midoriya,” Mirio says, bowing lowly before straightening up. “I appreciate it lots.”

She smiles, but shakes her head. “Feel free to call me Inko,” she says. “And it’s no trouble at all, really. Glad to help.” She looks at Midoriya for a moment, and Mirio thinks she’s going to say something, but instead she just kisses his forehead and brushes his black hair off his face. It would seem there’s some kind of deeper meaning to the exchange that Mirio doesn’t realize.

“Eri is with the others,” says Inko to Midoriya as she lowers her hand from her side. “I’m sure she’ll be happy to see you.”

Midoriya nods but doesn’t respond verbally. Inko goes one way, and Midoriya and Mirio go another.

“Have you had the chance to meet Eri yet?” Midoriya asks, turning to Mirio with a frown.

Mirio shakes his head. “Ah, not yet,” he says. “Aizawa-sensei told me a little bit about her,” A lot about her, actually, “but I haven’t actually gotten the chance to know her.”

“Do you wanna come with me to the dormitory?” Midoriya asks, stuffing his hands in his pockets. “If not that’s cool but I think Eri would really like you.”

His words are friendly enough, but Mirio is still seriously off-put by that look in his eyes, Nighteye’s words, his tone of voice at the hospital. A part of him doesn’t want to go with Midoriya for some primal instinct of his that he can’t quite put his finger on; but the rest of him remembers Nighteye’s warnings and never wants to let the kid out of his sight.

So, “I’d love to go!” he says, trying to sound as enthusiastic as he can about it. Who knows? Maybe he can cast some light on Midoriya’s darkness. “Thanks for the invite, Midoriya. Lead the way!”

Midoriya quirks a brow at him and he knows, but he doesn’t call Mirio out on his facade and instead steps in front, headed towards Class 1-A’s dormitory.

“—nonono, like this, Eri, watch!”

“There you go! That’s it! Now let’s find another one…”

Mirio hears the voices just as Midoriya pushes the door open and heads inside.

Class 1-A is there, doing a puzzle with Eri, who is sitting in Todoroki’s lap and holding two puzzle pieces in hand. Nejire and Amajiki are there, too, much to Mirio’s surprise, and they’re cheering Eri on while she searches for the correct piece for the correct spot.

It takes a second longer than it should for them to notice the new arrivals, but when they do—

"Izuku-chan!" Uraraka leaps to her feet and races towards him, as do several other students, including Amajiki and Nejire. "Are you okay? We saw what happened on the news—!"

“We tried visiting you in the hospital, but the doctors wouldn’t let us see you!” says Sero, wide-eyed. “We thought something really bad happened, man! Don’t scare us like that!”

"Are you okay, Mirio?" asks Nejire, looking frantic. "That looked really bad—!"

“Are you both okay!?”

“Is everyone else okay too!?”

“What happened? Bombs?”

“We’re so glad to see you—!”

Not everyone swarms them, but most of the students do, one after the other with everyone talking at once. Midoriya doesn't respond to any of it, but it could simply be because he's overwhelmed; Mirio takes the initiative and holds out his hands to the students.

"We're fine!" he declares with as much volume as he can without outright yelling. "A lot of people got hurt, but everyone's alright now, including us! You don't need to worry, we're alright."

Everyone gives a collective sigh of relief; Eri runs up to Midoriya and hugs him around the leg tightly. He flinches at first, but settles his hand on her head a second later comfortingly.

"I'm okay," he murmurs, and Mirio can barely hear it. "You can go back and play, okay?"

Eri looks at him with wide, trusting eyes—almost sadly—but she turns around and takes her spot once more in Todoroki's lap.

"You two should join us!" says Nejire to Midoriya and Mirio as she follows in the rest of the students' leads as they head back to their spots on the floor, the couch, the likes. "We're racing Bakugou's team with the puzzle, it's a lot of fun!"

"We're racing Bakugou's team!" says Kaminari, and it's now Mirio notices a second group of people with a separate puzzle. The student in question, Bakugou, seems to be growing increasingly upset with whatever problem he's having with the puzzle.

"Here, Eri!" says Yaoyorozu, pressing another piece into her hand. "Put it there!" She points to the board with an encouraging smile, and Eri puts the piece down. "Perfect! You're doing great!"

"HOW ARE YOU DOING THAT!?" Bakugou roars, looking furious. "KNOCK IT OFF!"

For a second Mirio is about to berate him for yelling around Eri, but she doesn't seem to mind it. In fact, it seems to further fuel her competitive spirit, because she snaps a piece into place and declares, "You knock it off!" even though there’s a good chance she doesn’t know what it means.

"OY! DON'T USE MY OWN LINE AGAINST ME!"

Mirio can't help but smile, and he's just about to encourage Midoriya to join them—but when he turns, Midoriya is nowhere to be seen. He looks around dumbly for a moment, but there's absolutely no sign of him—until, anyway, the dog that'd been sitting with Eri suddenly gets to his feet and springs toward the stairs. After that, the answer is fairly obvious.

Still, Mirio tries to put it out of his mind for now. Maybe what Midoriya needs right now is some space to cope with whatever he's going through. Mirio has been kind of up in his face, lately; maybe he should back off for now.

He goes and sits with Yaoyorozu's group, not because they're winning (of course), but because Eri is with them and she's who he really wants to sit with. He takes a spot beside Nejire, across from Todoroki, who has Eri in his lap and isn't participating, but rather watching (and occasionally handing her pieces passed to him by the other students who found their place in the puzzle).

Eri places the piece where it belongs, and when she's preoccupied with everyone's whooping and cheering, Todoroki lifts his hands and motions something to Jirou sitting across from them. Jirou notices and gestures something back; they're using Sign Language, it would seem. Todoroki responds, and Jirou nods, excuses herself, and heads for the elevator without so much as another word.

Mirio looks at Todoroki, and Todoroki looks right back at him, indifferent. He gives no explanation and instead points out a puzzle piece to Eri, who puts it where it belongs.

Yaoyorozu taps Mirio on the forearm, and Mirio looks to her. "She's going to check on Midoriya," Yaoyorozu explains softly, and Mirio can tell, just by her eyes and her tone, that she's just as worried as the rest of them. "We're... trying to make sure he doesn't... accidentally hurt himself. Again."

Mirio doesn't ask, one because it's not his place, and two because he's not sure he really wants to know.

Nejire, sitting next to him, overhears. "What do you mean?" she asks, worried. She hasn't been around Midoriya like Mirio has; she doesn't know some of the tones Mirio has heard, some of the things he's seen in the boy's eyes. If she had, she'd probably be like Mirio. Scared of knowing. Scared of everything.

Yaoyorozu only shakes her head. "It's difficult," she says, "for all of us, but... mostly for him. We're looking after him as best as we can, and the school is trying, too."

"Is there anything I can do?" Mirio asks regardless of his own personal thoughts and feelings, because if there's one thing he hates it's sitting idle without being able to do anything.

Yaoyorozu shakes her head again. "There's nothing any of us can do, really," she says quietly, "but thank you. Thank you very much."

Mirio almost tells her not to thank him, simply because he's done nothing to deserve it. But he can't find the words, so he nods instead. A second later, he cheers with everyone else as Eri slams down the final puzzle piece to declare them the winner. Bakugou and the others from his team rage-quit by throwing their remaining pieces all over the place like confetti; when Mirio looks over to see their progress, he's stunned to see that they only had a couple pieces remaining and that they had plenty of time to put them where they belonged.

Izuku is lying facedown on his bed, face smushed in his pillow, with stuffed animals and cats on either side of him. Cat is flopped over on his legs, whining softly.

His phone rings.

He and Mirio are called to the conference room—except now, there are more people here. More police. More heroes. Midoriya still has that same, drowned, dead look in his eyes, as though his irises were actually foggy marbles, and Mirio would do anything to wipe that look off his face at this point because it's really beginning to unnerve him in the worst of ways.

The teachers have them sit down. Aizawa is there. All Might is there. Nighteye is not.

Mirio listens, but he doesn't really take in most of what is talked about. Naomasa gives them updates on the men they'd sent to the coordinates left in some alleyway; the men had come back, but barely. They were injured grievously and Naomasa said that if they didn't act now, they might never have another chance to. Overhaul and his men are getting stronger by the day. If they don't act now it's going to be too late.

They plan their official team. Midoriya is on the front lines with Mirio. They plan a day of departure. They schedule their plan.

And then the next day they launch it.

Mirio doesn't remember getting there. He doesn't remember the route they'd taken. Midoriya hasn't spoken a single word to him or anyone else. Among their ranks are the two students, of course, and then Aizawa, Edgeshot, Snipe, Fatgum (Amajiki interns with him; Mirio had met him before, but he's never seen the hero look so grave before), surprisingly enough, Ragdoll and Pixie-bob of the Pussycats, along with a few others Mirio knows the name of but doesn't really put much thought into. Dozens upon dozens of policemen and vehicles sit around the warehouse, waiting. Nighteye and All Might aren't here.

They're all in their hero costumes, facing down the enormous warehouse before them. Mirio moves to stand beside Midoriya, looking on; the warehouse is like some kind of haunted house, to be honest. Not unlike the ones that once stood on the outskirts of Kamino Ward, before... "that" night. Mirio puts it out of his mind and is just about to say something to Midoriya—an encouraging word, a hopeful message, anything—but he can't think of anything worth saying. Words rarely fail him; but that was before he met Midoriya. That was before Nighteye told him what he'd seen.

If Nighteye's right, then today is the day that foresight comes to fruition. Today is Mirio's chance to stop it.

"Midoriya..."

He doesn't know what to say to Midoriya, but he tries smiling in what he hopes is a reassuring way. A way that doesn't betray how afraid he really is.

"Be careful out there," Mirio says. "We're going to stop Overhaul and his yakuza, don't worry."

"I'm not worried," Midoriya says, and he side-eyes Mirio. The cat eats on his head and the scars along his face, plus that look in his eyes, don't match whatsoever. "We're going to take Overhaul down. One way or another."

Again, Mirio wishes he could snatch his own words right back into his mouth, because they hadn't helped Midoriya and all they ended up doing was unnerving him even further. Which is almost more than he can take right about now.  

Aizawa stands before the group, taking charge. "We'll move as one," he says, looking to each hero in turn. "We should be able to plow through them, brute force or otherwise. Midoriya." Midoriya barely lifts his head. "Save your Quirk until we need it. We don't know what they're capable of and what Glitch can do against them. We need you to stop Overhaul."

Midoriya doesn't say anything, but he nods his understanding.

"Alright." Aizawa turns to face the building, and the heroes file in behind him. Ready. Waiting. Aizawa holds out his hand, upwards, towards the sky where everyone can see it. He curls his fingers into a fist, and forward they go towards the doors of the warehouse. Fatgum breaks it down with two punches, and in they go. Mirio puts up his fists, instantly ready for a fight, and around him, the rest of the heroes do the same. Midoriya has two knives drawn.

But there's no one there. Nothing there whatsoever, actually. Old floorboards, cobwebs in the corners of the room, walls that look fit to cave in on them at any second... it's not what Mirio had expected. Not what anyone had expected. They'd come here for a fight; men had come back injured and in comas; it didn't make sense for it to be empty.

"Did they change their course of action?" says Snipe, searching the room and aiming guns at whatever he deems suspicious. Nothing comes from it. There's nothing to aim at. The room is as barren as an open field. "Changed their base of operations?"

"It doesn't make sense why they'd lure is here if they were just going to turn tail and run," says Fatgum, "unless that was their plan all along, in which case... why tell us where to go in the first place?"

Ragdoll frowns, reaching out to stroke the wall with a paw. "It's kind of structurally unstable, too," she says, turning back to them. "It doesn't make sense why they'd have this as a base, it's dangerous."

"They're here."

All eyes go to Midoriya. His irises are gold.

"They're underneath us," says Midoriya.

Mirio has barely enough time to register this before the floor shakes and rumbles. After that, he has just enough time to reach over and grab Midoriya by the forearm before the wooden floorboards twist and contort and finally disappear from beneath them. He hears shouts of surprise, hollers to "Be careful!" and "Stay together, stay together!" but the voices cut abruptly as he plunges, with Midoriya, into the abyss.

They fall, fall, fall, and the rest of their companions fall around them. Into the unseeable darkness below.

And just when he thinks they may be falling forever, he hits something on his side, and instead of falling he rolls. At some point he'd let go of Midoriya's arm, but a sharp cry beside him says Midoriya is still there. He rolls down what feels like a ramp and finally comes to rest on his side, breathing hard, hurting all over. A soft thump against his side, and Midoriya is panting beside him.

In the pitch darkness, Mirio can't make out a single thing. He places his palms against the ground and pushes himself up, slowly, aching all over. "M-Midoriya? You good?"

A soft groan is his answer, followed by some shuffling in the dark. "I'm good. What the hell was that?"

"Wish I had an answer," says Mirio says, pushing himself upright further. At least the ground is one thing he knows of for sure. He knocks his fist against it and is awarded with soft thuds. Just to be sure, he turns his Quirk on his hand, sticks it into the ground, then turns it off again. His hand snaps right out of the floor. "The ground shouldn't collapse on us again."

More shuffling in the dark. "Let's hope not. Here. Take one of these."

Mirio feels around, and eventually his hand lands on Midoriya's—moreover, the smooth, pen-shaped item in his hand. Mirio takes it, feels it; there's a button on the side. He presses it. A surprisingly bright light shines right in Midoriya's face.

"S-Sorry!" Mirio says at once, turning the light away while Midoriya flinches back, covering his eyes. "I didn't know you were there!"

"It's fine," says Midoriya, lifting his head; in his other hand, he has a pen light, too. He shines it at the floor. "It's not much but we should be able to find our way around..."

Mirio nods, shining the light elsewhere. He sees the ramp on which they'd landed and rolled; it's at a steep angle, one neither of them could climb up if they tried. Unless Midoriya used his knives to scale it, but then, what would be the point?

"There's another way," Midoriya says, pointing the penlight in a different direction, and Mirio turns to look, too. He's right; to their left, the only way that isn't up, there's a long, dark hallway, lit only with their lights—and even then, only a portion of it is made visible. The penlights are powerful but the hallway is long, and Mirio can't see the end of it.

"I'll go," says Midoriya, rising to a stand. "You can go through the walls and see where everyone else is."

It takes longer than it should for his words to sink in, but when they do, Mirio is on his feet right beside him. "No, we're not doing that," he says sternly, and good idea or no, he's putting his foot down on this one. "We've already gotten separated from the group. Do you really think it's a good idea to separate further?"

"There's literally nothing the villains can do to me," says Midoriya sharply. "You being here is pointless."

Mirio isn't offended. He's mad. "You keep up that pride," he says, "and you're gonna die for it someday."

Midoriya looks at him. "I'm not being prideful. It's just the way it is. Whether or not you like it, there's literally no reason why you had to come here with us."

Again, it doesn't offend him nearly as much as it probably should, but that's the least of it. It doesn't even make him angry this time, just... he doesn't know what it makes him. His anger dissipates, but it's replaced with something else. Something he can't put his finger on.

"... I don't care," Mirio says sternly. "You can use your Quirk on me if you want. You can physically stop me. But I'm not going away willingly. Whether or not you actually need me is pretty irrelevant, and besides..."

Nighteye's words ring true in his mind, not for the last time, but they aren't the loudest. Yaoyorozu's words come next. Uraraka's. Class 1-A's concern pours over him like a wave.

"I promised I'd look out for you," Mirio says, smiling faintly and hoping Midoriya can see the honesty behind it. "You can't expect me to break that promise, can you?"

Midoriya gives him a look that says he very much can and will, but he turns away. His shoulders slump slightly. "Fine."

"Awwww, what a touching exchange! Almost makes me wish I didn't have to kill you!"

Mirio and Midoriya whirl around towards the hallway, taking up their preferred fighting stances. The penlights don't give them nearly enough light, but slowly, one by one starting from the very end of the hallway, lights begin to turn on. One, two, three, four, five, gradually getting closer and brighter. The whole room is lit, and in the center of the hallway stands Toga Himiko.

She beams, and he teeth and blades gleam in the bright white lights overhead. "You two are so cute together!" she squeals, rocking between the balls and heels of her feet. "In a way it kind of makes me sad, thinking of how it's going to turn out!"

A knife goes right by her face, leaving a thin, red stripe on her cheek before clattering to the stone floor behind her. She flinches, reaching up to touch her wound with two fingers.

"That was rude, Izuku-chan," she says, preparing her own knife. "Here—I'll make it even!"

The knife flies. Midoriya's other hand snaps upwards. Toga's knife clangs! against his own, but hits the floor, deflected.

"Mirio-senpai." Midoriya crouches low to the ground, drawing two more knives for each hand. "Check the road ahead. I'll be right with you."

Mirio wants to argue, but this is something he can do. There's no way Midoriya would lose to Toga, he knows it. She doesn't stand a chance. And if he can check the road ahead, they’ll know what to be ready for afterwards.

"Roger that," he says, and before he can talk himself out of it, he disappears beneath the floor. They'll meet up again right after this. Midoriya won't be out of his sight more than two minutes.

“Eraser? Are you there?”

“Yeah,” Shouta answers back, rising to his feet slowly. “Can’t see a damn thing, though.”

“Me neither,” says Ragdoll; he hears shuffling in the darkness followed by a long pause. “... I think everyone’s still here. They’re within range of my Quirk. But… wait.” She stops. He hears her breath hitch. “Eraserhead, we’re not—”

“Took you long enough to find out.”

Light floods the area before they’re ready for it, and across them, standing down a long hallway leading to a door at the very end, is a tall, burly villain. He’s got scars on his face and seems to have either a glass or deformed eye.

He lifts a hand a flicks his fingers back towards himself in a “come at me” kind of way. “What’s it gonna be, chumps? You gonna face me or what?”

Ragdoll moves to stand beside Shouta, feet shifted into a sturdy stance. “Let’s get past this guy,” she says, crouching. “The sooner we beat him the sooner we can try to find the others.”

Shouta nods. The villain before them cracks a grin.

“Fools,” he says, narrowing his eyes. “If you think you can take me down, then you’re sorely mistaken.”

Fatgum and Pixie-bob face not one, but two villains. One of them seems more on the shy side while the other is cocky and enthusiastic.

Far from them, two more heroes face two more villains. Three villains go up against two heroes. Mirio runs through walls, through floors, scoping out the area to see what’s ahead and what’s behind. Midoriya faces Toga.

Back at U.A., Inko reads a book to Eri.

Class 1-A has their usual training, this time partnering off against Class 1-B, but no one can focus. Shouto keeps getting lost in thought and ends up taking more hits than he should, but honestly, the others don’t fair differently. In the meantime, Class 1-B is on edge, too, because if Class 1-A isn’t at the top of their game then something must really be wrong.

Nejire and Amajiki look at Mirio’s absent desk during class.

Mandalay and Kouta sit at home, watching reruns of old cartoons on TV. They don’t breathe a word to each other.

Toshinori has his hands folded, elbows resting on the table. Nighteye is in another office in the same building, but they’re both alone.

Naomasa puts a hand to the transmitter on his ear, waiting for Aizawa’s signal.

Takeda and Haruka speak to the doctor.

Crimson Riot sits in his apartment, more alone than ever before in his life.

Dabi looks down at blue flames dancing on his hand, casting shadows on the walls of the alleyway.

Tenko sits on a rooftop, the wind caressing his hair.

Overhaul pockets one of the TRIGGER syringes and loads the gun with bullets.

Toga looks Midoriya in the eyes, twirling one of her knives in her hand. “Your aim is kind of scary, Izuku-chan,” she says, stepping towards him. “You could have hit me.”

Midoriya doesn’t say anything. He kicks off the ground and sprints towards her at a brutal pace. Toga squeals and does a nice little turn before facing him again, knives flashing.

“I like that look in your eyes!” she says, charging at him and slashing her knives. “You’re ready to fight me, aren’t’cha? I like it!”

Midoriya bares his teeth, but before they reach each other, he throws himself forward, slides between her legs, grabs her ankle, and yanks her feet out from under her. He hears a smack as her chin collides with the ground, followed by a clatter as one of her knives flies from her hand.

She kicks blindly and happens to land one in his shin before he can evade it. He stumbles back to regroup and she runs at him, blood dropping steadily down her chin and eyes hazy with elation.

“It’s not fair that you haven’t shed any blood yet!” she sings, slashing at him. He dodges almost effortlessly. “C’mon, Izu-chan! Stop it and let me stab you!”

A knife hits her in the shoulder. She stumbles back with a cry, hands going around the knife in her skin and shoulderblades hitting the wall across from her. She’s panting hard, but Midoriya has hardly broken a sweat. When she lifts her head, she’s smiling.

“You know something, Izuku-chan? I know I don’t stand a chance against you.”

Midoriya keeps his eyes narrowed, but he doesn’t stop her, and she goes on.

“I know you’re a lot stronger than me, and I know you’re a lot smarter than me, too. I know that even if I gave it my all, I’d never be able to actually beat you. And I think that’s what makes me love you even more, ya see? You’re absolutely amazing, Izu-chan. I could never hold so much as a candle to you, let alone a knife.”

“Then why fight me?” Midoriya snaps, finally speaking. “Why come at me in the first place if you already know you have no chance?”

Toga smiles. “Simple,” she says, reaching for something in her pocket. She pulls out a small, plastic bottle with a cork. In the bottle is what looks like a teaspoon worth of blood.

“I wanted to see your reaction…”

She pops the cork with her thumb and downs the contents in one go. Her skin turns into a goop-like substance slowly, working from her legs and up her torso, her arms, her neck, her face. It molds and forms until it’s taken new shape. New color. New height.

Midoriya doesn’t loosen his holds on his knifes. His fingers curl around the hilts until his knuckles are white and his shoulders tremble.

Kirishima smiles and lets loose a breathy laugh. “That look on your face is even better than what I’d hoped for, Izuku.”

“—Naomasa—!”

Naomasa presses his hand to the device at his ear, heartrate picking up drastically. This is the first he’s heard from Aizawa and the others, and already it doesn’t sound good. “Yeah? Eraser, you there?”

“Yeah, but you’re cutting out—listen!—” Scuffles, static, a shout or two. “We got separated, but we’re all still underground! Keep the men ready, I’ll tell you when to move!”

“Got it!” Naomasa says, and he lowers his hand and turns towards his men. “Get the ropes from the backs of the cars and wait for their signal! As soon as I give the word, we’re going down!”

“Midoriya!” Mirio pants, breaking through the wall. He’d only been gone for fifteen seconds; he’d counted every one of them. “There’s a room up ahead, I didn’t see the others anywhere, we should—”

He skids to a halt.

Midoriya stands in the hallway. Lying on the ground in front of him is Toga, bleeding and unconscious. There’s something… not quite right about her skin. Like it’s made of jelly and can’t decide whether it’s a liquid or a solid. She isn’t dead, but she’s bleeding and it’s kind of concerning.

What’s even more concerning is that there has been no reaction from Midoriya since Mirio got back. He stares down at Toga, breathing hard, fingers curling and uncurling. His knives are on the floor on either side of him.

“Midoriya, what happened?” Mirio asks, starting towards him. “Are you alright? What did she do?”

“Nothing,” Midoriya answers sharply, wiping his eyes with his sleeve. “It’s nothing. She’s down now and the police can deal with her once they get here.” He starts down the hall again, towards the tall wooden door at the end. “Let’s go.”

“Midoriya—”

“Let’s go, Mirio.”

Mirio wants to argue with him, but he doesn’t. He follows in Midoriya’s footsteps and together, they move forward.

When they get there, Midoriya’s eyes flash gold, and he presses his ear to the wall beside the door. A moment later, he pulls back and says, “Overhaul is definitely in there.”

“Is he alone?”

Midoriya nods and draws a knife from his belt. “Yeah. He’s waiting for us.”

“Right.” Mirio nods and takes a quick look around. There are long, thick boards of wood set against the walls on either side of them; they’d probably been used to block off the door beforehand, but not anymore. Almost like they’re expected.

He looks back at Midoriya. “The fastest way to go is breaking down the door.”

Midoriya nods and uses the flatedge of his blade to loosen the screws of the hinges. Once he deems them loose enough, he pockets his knife and turns to Mirio. “On three?”

Mirio nods.  

“One—”

“—Two—”

"Toshinori? That you?"

"Gran?" Toshinori asks, brows furrowing. He’s still at U.A., sitting by himself in the office, where he’s been waiting for news on the heroes’ endeavor against Overhaul ever since they set out. The voice he hears isn’t the one he’d been expecting.  "It's not like you to call me out of nowhere,” he says, already growing worried. “What's wrong?"

Gran’s voice comes back, firm and grave. “Toshi, listen. He asked me not to tell you this, but... with all that's happened lately... I don't think I can keep it a secret anymore. Toshinori…”

Toshinori listens.

His eyes blow wide.

“—Three!”

The door hits the ground with a loud, resounding thud!, and Midoriya and Mirio leap into the room. Standing across from them in the open space, with his back to them, is Overhaul.

He’s fingering a syringe. And for a long time, there’s silence.

“... Took you long enough,” Overhaul says slowly, half-turning to look at them as though he’s only just now noticing their arrival. “Thought you’d be here faster, honestly. Did Toga really slow you down that much?”

“Midoriya,” Mirio says quietly, shifting into a stance, “I can sink into the floor and come out from under him. Get that syringe away. What do you—”

Midoriya takes a step forward. Then another.

“Midoriya?”

“I don’t think you realize what you’ve done,” Midoriya says, very loudly. His voice comes back at them as an echo. He keeps walking. “You act so cocky now, thinking you’ve stopped us… thinking you can stop me…”

Shoes pound the ground. The door bangs the wall as Toshinori throws it open.

“Nighteye!”

Nighteye is perched at his desk, hands clasped together, head bowed against them. Toshinori storms across the room towards him, and he's not angry. Anger isn’t what he’s feeling right now.

His palms slam the desk, fingers splayed. “You knew it, didn’t you?” Toshinori demands, but it’s not a question. “Why the hell didn’t you say anything?”

"I didn't want my words to further confirm the future," Nighteye answers coolly, as non confrontational as he can be. But underneath it all he looks sad. Guilty. Weary. "If you think about something too long and too hard, you're liable to make it happen."

"I don't give a damn about that!" Toshinori snaps back at him, and his heart pounds. "You've just sealed the future, Nighteye! You have no idea what you've done!”

“Midoriya, hey!” Mirio whispers, as harshly as he dares. “Come on, let’s work together on this—”

“What a waste,” says Overhaul, cutting him off like Mirio had never even been speaking. “You’re strong, Midoriya Izuku, but that overconfidence is going to be the death of you if you aren’t careful. For you see, you’ve come unprepared to face me, boy.”

He holds the syringe in the air for them both to see. The liquid gleams, clear as water, in the overhead lights.

“You stopped me once before,” says Overhaul, bringing the syringe back down. It’s already uncapped, the needle exposed to the air. “But that was before I’d reached the peak of my power. That was before we finally completed this… a perfect weapon of your demise… the power to enhance Quirks…”

“Drop it!” Mirio demands, and he’s just about to race forward, with or without Midoriya—but he can’t move. It’s like his feet are frozen to the floor, every limb locked in place. “M-Midoriya!?”

Midoriya doesn’t answer. His eyes are on Overhaul, but he says nothing.

Overhaul grins at him, bringing the needle to his arm. “Very well, then,” he says, and Mirio tries to thrash, he tries to break free of whatever hold Midoriya has on him, but he can’t move. All he can do is watch as a helpless bystander as the scene plays before him. “If you choose not to back down… if you’re too stubborn to return to me what is rightfully mine to begin with… then you leave me no choice.”

He injects himself, pressing down on the plunger until it hits the end of the syringe and there’s nothing left. Mirio grinds his teeth and tries throwing himself forward to do something, anything, but it’s no use.

Overhaul casts the syringe to the side. It shatters and leaves glass shards on the stone floor. “Now,” says Overhaul, spreading wide his arms. The beginnings of a mutation begin to show in his skin; lumps, sharp edges, unnatural growth and girth. “Now, you shall see. You will see exactly what happens when you take what doesn’t belong to you.”

“M-Midoriya—!”

Midoriya lifts his head and looks Overhaul in the eyes. “Remind me again, Overhaul. Who’s being cocky?”

Overhaul’s smile fades. His arms stop their movements abruptly. “What…? That’s not—this isn’t possible—”

“Really.”

Midoriya steps towards him. The ground cracks beneath each footfall. Golden tendrils spread up his arms, legs, across his face, crackling around him like electricity. The air around him sparks and convulses; the ground beneath him cracks and splinters with each footfall.

 

“I have a question. And I want you to answer me truthfully this time.”

 

“What are you doing to me?” Overhaul demands, but he doesn’t seem in control anymore. He doesn’t seem as powerful as he had moments before. He seems almost frightened.

Midoriya doesn’t seem to notice. When he speaks, his voice is low, and Mirio can barely hear it over the crackles and sparks, gradually growing and increasing in volume.

“Eri doesn’t belong to you,” Midoriya snarls lowly, hand outstretched towards Overhaul. The golden spirals on his arms crack and spark until all the other lights in the room pale in comparison, and all Mirio can see is Midoriya’s light. “That was your first mistake. And your last.”

He tilts his hand to one side. Overhaul’s veins pulse beneath his skin. His breath becomes erratic.





“What exactly…”




“Midoriya, don’t!” Mirio begs, finally finding his voice. “Midoriya!  Snap out of it!”

But he doesn’t snap out of it. Mirio isn’t sure he can. The lights flicker, and every time they go out, Midoriya’s light shines all the brighter. Snaps, crackles and bursts of energy light the air around him and spread through his skin like vibrant ribbons of lightning.

Mirio can’t move. Overhaul can’t escape.





“...Is the state…”






“It’s over,” Midoriya says, voice distorted and low. “You’re going to pay for what you did, Overhaul. You’re going to pay for everything.”

“Midoriya, don’t!”


































“...of One For All?”
Chapter 51
Notes:

    AA thank you all so much for your patience!! This took me a lot longer than I meant it to, but I wanted to do it right. Thank you all for your support!!

    Before we get into it! Art!

    thoughtfullybeautifulwitch 2 3

    ItsBy(M)e (Warning for blood/injury) 2

    phantasm-fox

    aaceed (Warning for heavy scarring)

    Thank you all so much!! Hope you enjoy the chapter! Happy holidays!

Chapter Text

There are three knocks at his door. Simple, firm, but meaningful. Gran Torino looks over from where he’s microwaving taiyakis and starts in that direction, taking his cane with him not out of necessity, but out of habit.

He opens the door. In front of him stands a boy about twice his height, with weary shoulders and eyes that could belong to someone five times his age. There’s no light in his irises, no expression on his face. All Gran sees is pain and scars—and a fluffy dog sitting obediently at the boy’s side.

“Are you Gran Torino?”

Gran Torino blinks, but doesn’t let his confusion be too obvious. He crosses his arms. “Who wants to know?”

“Kirishima made a mistake,” the boy says, quietly, and the name brings back memory upon memory upon memory—all of which Gran wishes he could stuff far in the back of his mind where he’ll never find them again.

He looks Midoriya Izuku in the eyes.

“... What kind of mistake?”

“Midoriya!” Mirio’s throat is raw from shouting. His chest burns from desperation. “Midoriya, snap out of it, please! Knock it off!”

Midoriya doesn’t move an inch. His hand is outstretched towards Overhaul and Mirio can’t see his face, but he can see Overhaul’s eyes and he doesn’t think he’s ever seen a villain look so horrified.

Mirio tries to break himself free of whatever cage Midoriya has locked him in, whatever he’s doing to him, but there’s no hope. The only thing Mirio can do is breathe, shout aimlessly, and watch as a helpless passerby.

He doesn’t give up. He throws himself forward, he tries to move, the effort hurts and he’s sure he’ll get somewhere but he doesn’t. His Quirk is just as paralyzed as the rest of him. He can’t break free.

“Midoriya!” He has to stop him, Mirio has to stop him before he does something he regrets. “Midoriya! This isn’t why we came here! Knock it off! Please, listen to me!”  

Midoriya doesn’t listen. He doesn’t even hear him.

“I knew I had it after I saw Kirishima’s imprint. That was when I realized what happened.”

Gran Torino’s hand sweats around his cane, and he keeps clenching and unclenching his fingers around it. Midoriya sits across from him, stiff as a board with eyes listless. He seems to stare through Gran instead of at him.

“I hurt one of my friends,” Midoriya says softly. “I threw him up against a wall without  realizing what I was doing. I didn’t want to believe it at first, but the more I thought about it, the harder it was to just sit back and ignore it.”

Gran shuts his eyes and drags in a breath through his teeth. He wants to question it. Wants to say it’s not real and that Kirishima’s supposed “Imprint” was just something brought on by the boy’s own thoughts and hardships.

But in his heart he knows that’s not it.

Standing before Overhaul with balled fists trembling, Izuku burns.

He hears Mirio yelling at him as though from a distance but he doesn’t turn his head. He feels power coursing through his veins, hotter and closer than ever before and it feels wrong but he can’t stop it. He holds his hand out to Overhaul, he meets his eyes, he sees fear and regret through blurred vision, and—

He snaps his hand to the side. Overhaul hurls across the room as though yanked by an invisible rope. With a resounding smack, he slams into the wall and slides to the floor in a crumpled heap, breathing hard. Izuku starts towards him, and the ground splinters with his footsteps.

“I hope you’re happy, Overhaul,” Izuku snarls. The air around him crackles like a fireplace and it feels like one, too. Only much hotter and piercing. “I hope you can die proud of all the things you’ve done. You would be proud of it, wouldn’t you? Bet you’d boast to the devil himself.”

Overhaul’s eyes flicker with fear, and Izuku slams him into the wall as One For All and Glitch swirl within him like a typhoon.

“I don’t think Kirishima meant to give me it. I don’t know why he would. I came to you because I didn’t know who to trust.”

“Midoriya!”

The crack as Overhaul slams into the wall hard enough to leave a dent shakes Mirio right to his core, and Midoriya doesn’t even seem to realize what it is he’s actually doing. Mirio shouts at him but it’s no good. Midoriya won’t hear him. For all Mirio knows, he’s shut off his own hearing so he cannot.

That still doesn’t stop him from trying.

“Midoriya!”

Gran is wary of him. He borderline doesn’t like the kid, but only because of how the air changes whenever he’s in the room. Gran doesn’t know why he’s helping him when he’s so unnerving. He’s scary enough already without One For All.

But some part of him helped anyway even against his better judgement. Midoriya barely spoke a word to him.

Overhaul pushes himself up slowly, palms splayed against the stone floor and eyes wide. “This... This is impossible,” he gasps, like he’s trying to convince himself. Izuku can barely hear his voice through the ringing in his ears. “What are you doing? What the hell kind of Quirk—”

“Shut up.”

Overhaul's back slams the wall again and stays there, pinned by an invisible force. Izuku's fingers clench, and One For All pours through him with such ferocity that he feels faint. His vision blurs and his eyes sting.

“You're going to pay for what you did to Eri,” he snarls, and he doesn't let his Quirks do the work this time. He releases his hold on Overhaul and springs at him instead, knives flashing and heart hammering against his chest.

Overhaul's hand snaps out to use his Quirk, enhanced by TRIGGER, but he stands no chance. Izuku takes away his sight first, then his sense of balance; Overhaul tips to the side, and Izuku lands a kick into his stomach. It sends him to the floor. Izuku delivers another hit while he’s on the ground helpless.

“Midoriya, stop!” Mirio shrieks from behind him. “Stop it, Midoriya! We can take him peacefully, please—!”

Izuku doesn't care. There isn't one part of him that takes in so much as an ounce of Mirio's desperation. He does not care.

“You're just like him,” Izuku growls out, locking onto Overhaul’s wide eyes. “You think you can toy with people's lives. Think you have the right to make them suffer, just because you can.”

He lunges again, angrier than before, spurred on by his own swirling thoughts and pounding heart. Overhaul scrambles to get his feet beneath him in time, but Izuku doesn't let him dodge. He lands the hit with such ease that it both thrills and sickens him.

He focuses on the former and keeps going. Another kick. He gives Overhaul back his sight, just so he can look Izuku in the eyes. Just so he can watch and just so he can experience the extent of his helplessness in full. Izuku’s shin slams into his side, and Overhaul stumbles back. He stays on his feet, but sways. His face is bloody.

“You won’t stop me!” Overhaul gasps out, thrusting a hand forward. Izuku pours One For All into Glitch and immobilizes the villain where he stands. Overhaul’s eyes go wide. His chest heaves. “What the hell--”

“This is who you are, Overhaul,” Izuku snarls in a voice he doesn't know, and he’d be frightened by it if he wasn’t so consumed already. He takes one step towards the monster, then another. “Are you proud of it? ... No, don't answer that. Of course you are. People like you always are.”

Overhaul slams face-first into the ground. Izuku’s hand shakes. Every part of him burns and screams.

“The way your body handles One For All is completely different from the way Kirishima's body handled it,” Gran had told him after a little while of experimenting and practicing. “One For All enhanced Kirishima's physical abilities as well as his own Quirk; but it would seem that in your case, your body added One For All's power directly into Glitch.”

Midoriya doesn’t respond. Gran tries reaching out to settle a hand on his shoulder, but Midoriya jerks away before he lays a finger on him. Gran bites his lip.

“Midoriya, boy—”

“So if I figure out how to control it and use it to strengthen Glitch,” Midoriya says without even looking at him, “then I’ll be even stronger. Right?”

Something’s wrong. There hasn’t been anything wrong with Midoriya’s behavior until this moment, and it’s now that Gran realizes he might’ve made a terrible mistake.

“Midoriya, listen—”

Midoriya rises to his feet, unconcerned. “Let’s run through the drills again.”

“Damn it, boy, listen to me!”

Midoriya turns to him sharply, eyes drawn into a glare. “What do you want?”

Gran looks him in the eyes, and even though he’s worried, even though his heart goes out to the kid, that doesn’t change his resolve.

“I’m not going to help you go down this path,” he says. “I know I can’t stop you, and you can do whatever you want, but I’ll have no part in it.”

He’d been expecting a darker glare, maybe even a threat, but all he gets is a look of fear and pain and betrayal. Gran almost wishes he could take it back.

“Boy, listen--”

Midoriya grits his teeth and spins on his heel. “Fine,” he snaps, already starting away, “I don’t need your help. I figured out one Quirk. I can figure out a second one.”

“Midoriya, please, hear me out.”

To his surprise, Midoriya hesitates.

“... One For All is more than a tool,” Gran says, trying to keep the hurt out of his voice. “Think about what you’re doing with it. Think about the people who’d wielded it before you. Think about Kirishima.”

Midoriya’s head goes down to his feet. His balled fists tremble.

“Kirishima is all I’m thinking about.”

The door slams behind him and leaves Gran empty.

He sees Kirishima’s Imprint in his mind whenever he uses One For All, whenever he fires it up, whenever he tries, but Kirishima never speaks to him. He never approaches. He never even turns his head.

It’s a reminder. Several reminders. And each reminder spears Izuku in the heart and leaves him torn in pieces.  

“Midoriya, snap out of it!” Mirio screeches behind him, voice broken and desperate. That spears Izuku in the heart, too. “This isn't you, Midoriya! Stop it! Midoriya!”

But Izuku doesn’t so much as turn his head. He flicks his wrist again and slingshots Overhaul across the room.

Overhaul hits his desk back-first with a shriek of pain that only further fuels Izuku’s rage. The desk rattles when the villain slams into it, and a gun slips off its surface and hits the ground with a resounding clang.

The second Overhaul realizes what it is and what it means, he scrambles to grab it, hands trembling and eyes wide with a mix of relief and desperation because he thinks he has a chance now. That somehow a gun is actually going to stop Izuku. At this point, All For One couldn’t even stop him.

“Stop it!” shouts Mirio again. “Don’t shoot! Put it down! Midoriya!”

Mirio’s voice falls on deaf ears. Overhaul’s fingers curl around the barrel, and his index finger goes for the trigger as he swings around and aims—

But Izuku takes control of his body once again and brings the movement to a screeching, paralyzing halt. He sees Overhaul's eyes widen, watches his body tremble and shake with effort as he tries, fruitlessly, to pull the trigger, but he can’t do it. He can’t pull the trigger. He can’t even put the gun down.

The air pulses and cracks and his line of sight is full of sparks as Izuku moves. He stops just a little ways from the villain, burning.

“You wanna use that gun so badly?” he asks, narrowing his eyes. “Well. Don’t let me stop you.”

Izuku lifts his hand and twists it slowly. Overhaul's arm begins to move.

“Midoriya! Midoriya, stop! Don't do it!”

He watches Overhaul's eyes dart back and forth as his arm moves against his will. The tip of the gun presses against his temple.

“It's because of people like you that Kowareta died," Izuku grinds out through clenched teeth. "It's because of people like you that Eri suffered. That Tenko forgot himself. That Kirishima is dying.”

“Midoriya—!”

Overhaul meets his eyes, and they narrow into something cold and hard. “I can’t stop you,” he says, and Izuku can’t tell what emotion is behind his voice but he doesn’t care. “Go ahead. Do it.”

Overhaul’s finger teases the trigger against his conscious will. The villain closes his eyes and braces for it and somehow, somewhere, there’s a part of Izuku that fights back. There’s some part of him that strays his command, that makes his hands tremble, that gnaws at his control. He’s being pulled in two directions and he can’t tell which is stronger. He’s being pulled and yanked and torn apart.  

"Midoriya, please don’t—!"

"Izuku!"

And suddenly he's no longer in that place. Suddenly, Izuku is standing in darkness, hand still outstretched, eyes dry but burning. It’s a darkness he’s seen before, felt before. It’s familiar. He knows it.

Slowly, he lowers his arm. The blind rage falls from his chest like scales.

Kirishima stands across from him in the darkness. He's smiling one of those hurt but reassuring smiles—a smile that Izuku has seen too many times to count.

Izuku's breath gets stuck in his throat. He can't breathe.

"Kiri... Kiri-chan?"

Kirishima's smile turns brighter, and he holds out his arms. "C'mere, buddy."

Tears choke him. Words escape him.

He runs.

Kirishima waits for him, and Izuku dives right into his arms, squeezing tightly. Kirishima returns the gesture tenfold and buries his face in Izuku's dark hair.

“Damn, I missed you, bud,” Kirishima murmurs. His voice is thick. "You've—you've been through a lot, haven't you? I'm sorry."

Izuku shakes his head, holding tighter. "Kiri-chan—Kiri-chan, I was—I was so scared, I couldn't—"

Kirishima shakes his head, and Izuku feels it against his scalp—but before Izuku knows it, he's pulling away. He's letting go.

Izuku looks him in the eyes, hurt and confused. "K-Kiri-chan...?"

Kirishima lets loose a breathy laugh. It sounds painful. "I... I always wondered what would happen to you,” he says quietly. Very quietly. “If... If something happened to me, y'know? I-I mean, god forbid and all that, but… I did wonder. Heh.” Another painful, breathless laugh. “Seems kind of moronic in hindsight, but I couldn’t help myself.”

Izuku stares. “Kiri-chan, I don't... I don't understand, what are you—”

Kirishima shakes his head again, but this time he reaches out and takes Izuku's hand. He raises their hands between them, flattening their palms and fingers together and pressing softly. Their friendship bracelets nearly touch.

Kirishima smiles at him again, but it fades faster this time, and he looks away. “You've... become pretty dependent on me, huh. That's not what I wanted. I'm sorry. This is all my fault.”

"Kiri-chan, d-don't talk like that.” In desperation, overwhelmed, he shakes his head. “Don’t talk like that, please. It’s not your fault.”

Kirishima smiles tightly. It looks painful. “Dude, I—”

A part of Izuku wants to punch him, but all he can manage is a strangled, “Don’t.”

And then he's assaulted by memories. Thoughts, feelings, precious moments in time. The amusement park. Bringing cats home together. Putting up the star stickers. Every comforting embrace. Every comforting touch and word.

He gets so lost in it that in the end, all he can do is shake his head.

“I'm not strong enough," he chokes, hardly able to think. "I'm not strong enough without you. I'm not—” Memories, thoughts, emotions. “I’m not strong enough to lose you."

Something changes in Kirishima’s eyes. The tight smile fades, his brows furrow, and he locks their fingers together and squeezes tight.

“You know, dude, you can be pretty absurd sometimes. But I’m pretty sure that is the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard you say.”

Izuku blinks at him, and his stun helps hold back his tears. When he speaks, his voice cracks. “What?”

Kirishima smiles at him again, then down at their woven fingers. Izuku can’t be sure, but his eyes seem to glisten.

“Ever since I met you, Izuku, you’ve been the strongest person I knew,” Kirishima says softly, looking at their fingers instead of Izuku’s eyes. “Just the fact that you were still alive and fighting even after everything you went through... hell, and everything you went through afterwards. And I still think you're strong. Stronger than you even realize.”

“Kiri-chan, why—”

Kirishima cuts him off by squeezing his fingers again. Tighter this time. It’d probably be painful if Izuku’s entire world wasn’t already shattering.

“You were strong way before you met me, Izuku,” Kirishima says, gently but meaningfully, “and you’ve only gotten stronger since then. I didn’t do that, man. You chose this person, not me."

“You helped,” Izuku insists, and he begs himself not to cry because he knows the second he starts it'll never stop. “You helped me, Kiri-chan. You helped me become this person.”

Kirishima swallows hard, then shuts his eyes and squeezes his fingers again. It would seem he’s trying to hold it together, too.  

“Regardless.” He won’t meet Izuku’s eyes. His voice is heavy. “You're tough as nails, dude. You were strong before me, and you're gonna be strong with or without me. You…” Kirishima pauses, draws in a shuddering breath. “You just have to be able to... to let me go. To let me go, without… without losing who you’ve become.”

The tears fall before he’s aware of it, and Izuku shakes his head ardently. He doesn’t care about Overhaul anymore, or the yakuza or whether they win or lose today. This is all that matters now.

“How can you say that?” Izuku demands, and he’s so overwhelmed now that he’s angry. Angry, and speared through the heart. “Kiri-chan, I can’t—”

“You can,” Kirishima cuts in, firm. “You can be strong without me. You have to be strong without me if you want to fight through this. And either way, no matter what happens… now or in the future... you'll always carry a piece of me with you, right? With Imprint, literally, and…”

He lifts his other hand and knocks his knuckles against Izuku's chest softly, right over his heart.

“... Yeah. There, too.”

Izuku draws in a breath to argue with him, but Kirishima squeezes his hand, shakes his head, and leans in closer. Their foreheads touch, and Kirishima closes his eyes.

“I love you, buddy,” Kirishima whispers, but Izuku still hears his voice break. “I love you so much. If just for me… keep moving forward. No matter what. Okay?”

Izuku swallows down the lump in his throat. Shakily, he nods his head. He closes his eyes. Tears stream all the more freely down his cheeks.

“Midoriya! Stop! Knock it off! Midoriya!”

Kirishima’s hand disappears from his, and Izuku opens his eyes to Overhaul’s face. The gun is pressed to his temple. His eyes are open. Behind Izuku, Mirio is yelling and trying to snap him out of it.

Izuku’s tears redouble. His outstretched hand trembles and his control wavers, but Kirishima’s words ring true.

This isn’t him.

This isn’t what Kirishima wants.

This is wrong.

Izuku grinds his teeth together until his head pounds, and he snaps Overhaul’s senses from him with a loud, grating shout.

It’s that simple. Overhaul hits the ground, deprived of senses and left unconscious, and the gun clatters to the floor beside his limp hand. His hands fall back to his sides, and his balled fists shake with the rest of his body.

Izuku doesn’t stop there. Even though he can’t breathe, even as tears strangle and choke him, he lets go of One For All and channels Glitch through himself and through the facility.

The villain fighting Aizawa and Ragdoll goes down.

Fatgum and Pixie-bob are just about to call in for reinforcements when the fight is won for them.

All across the facility, the villains drop to the ground and the heroes who’d been fighting them exchange knowing but worried looks.

And just like that it’s over. Overhaul and his men are down. TRIGGER and the Quirk-erasing bullets are secure. They’d fought and they’d won but it doesn’t feel like victory. Not this time.

Izuku releases Glitch. He watches the gold fade from his arms through blurred vision. The world around him swirls for a moment, and his feet move on their own in an attempt to steady him, but he can’t do it. He hasn’t stopped crying, his head pounds, his tears make him lightheaded, and suddenly, his feet are gone from beneath him. He’s falling.

“Midoriya—!”

Mirio is there, almost like he’d been waiting for it, and he catches Izuku before he can hit the ground. Izuku squeezes his eyes shut, teeth gritted, throat tight. Even with Mirio’s arms around him, he’s never felt more alone. He’s never felt more hurt.

Mirio doesn’t say anything. With the battle finally fought and won, Izuku buries his head in his hands and sobs until his voice is gone.

“C’mon! Secure the ladders! Bring those boards over here! Are the medics here yet!? Send down the ropes!”

A torrent of flurry and panic awaits the heroes below as the policemen scramble to answer Aizawa’s call. They bring in pulleys with stretchers on the ends of them, and the medics flaunt about, preparing the equipment they’re sure they need.

Izuku can walk on his own, but Mirio still carries him to the pulleys. The stretchers are there for the wounded of the heroes, but Izuku is the only person who really needs one. And even then he doesn’t “need” one.

"You aren't arguing about this one," Mirio tells him as he opens his mouth to object to it. "You overworked yourself. You're not moving."

Mirio doesn't tell anyone what’d happened between him and Overhaul. Izuku knows it, but is too numb to actually realize what that means. He’s not as in bad of shape as he could be, but he’d used One For All to enhance Glitch, not his physical body. That might be why, even though he doesn’t care enough to think much deeper into it.

The second Izuku is dragged up to the surface by the pulley, he’s swarmed by paramedics, who lift the stretcher and carry him off. He’s sitting in the back of an ambulance before he realizes it, and people are checking him over, looking him in the eyes, shining a penlight by his face. He feels their touches but he doesn’t acknowledge them. He hears their voices but he doesn’t understand.

He doesn’t know what he’s feeling anymore, but his chest is tight and his throat is clogged and he can’t breathe.

One of the medics puts a hand on his shoulder, and he looks into her eyes. “Can you sit here for a second?” she asks, firmly but gently. “We need to bring the others. Will you be okay?”

The answer is yes. Physically, aside from being sore and exhausted, he’s… startlingly fine, actually. A part of him wishes he were more hurt than this. Wishes he was unconscious or otherwise out of it. At least then he wouldn’t have to think. To feel.

The medic is gone before he knows it, and a part of him wants to have her back. Just so he isn’t alone.

“Midoriya!”

Izuku doesn’t turn his head. He clenches his fingers together as his shoulders hunch. Tears splash on Kirishima’s friendship bracelet, tattered and bloodied. He hears Aizawa’s footsteps slow until they stop. With his naturally enhanced hearing, Izuku can hear him breathing, but he still doesn’t look.

Aizawa moves again, slowly this time, and sits by Izuku on the edge of the ambulance. He doesn’t ask what’d happened, but he does settle a steadying hand on Izuku’s shaking shoulders, which is nice but not enough. It isn’t enough.

“Are you hurt?”

Izuku shakes his head stiffly. He doesn’t ask if Aizawa is hurt; he can already tell the hero is fine. No doubt thanks to his quick-thinking, but that doesn’t matter. He looks up for just a second and sees the police cuffing what villains regained consciousness; Overhaul is not one of them, and the police have to lift and haul him into the back of their van. Naomasa takes the briefcase of TRIGGER and Quirk-erasing bullets and locks it in the back of his police car.

He sees Mirio, talking with an officer. Ragdoll and Pixie-bob, worriedly looking each other over. Heroes and police and medics swarm the area, and while there’s commotion and buzzing and worry and relief and even joy, Izuku feels none of it.

Something buzzes in his pocket, and Izuku jumps, but fumbles for it anyway. He pulls his phone from his back pocket, and he doesn’t care that he doesn’t remember bringing it along. All that matters is the caller ID.

[Incoming Call - Kirishima Eijirou]

Izuku’s heart sinks, and he knows. As he slides his thumb across the screen, as he holds the phone to his ear, as he chokes on the tears he’s trying desperately to hold back, he knows.

“Izuku? Son, is that you?”

Takeda. It’s Takeda.

Izuku’s fingernails nails dig into his knee through his costume, hard enough to draw blood. His breath shudders in his chest for a moment. And then he can’t breathe at all.

He knows what Takeda is going to say before he says it. He knows what words are going to come through the phone. Kirishima’s final words ring through his mind, as clearly as though he were standing right by him.

You have to let me go.

Izuku summons strength he doesn’t have and says, “Yes. It’s me.”

“Son, it’s about Eijirou.”

He knows. He knows he knows he knows he knows he knows—

“Izuku, he woke up about an hour ago. He’s been asking to see you.”

The phone almost slips out of his hand.

Izuku doesn’t even wait for the car to stop. He throws open the door and tumbles out of the passenger seat, tripping and stumbling when his feet hit the ground.

“Hey! Wait!” Aizawa hollers after him, making haste to put on the breaks and follow, but Izuku is already way ahead of him, charging towards the hospital’s double doors with his heart thumping like a frantic rabbit in a cage and his stomach in his throat.

He crashes right through the double doors and immediately trips over himself. It’d happened so quickly that he can’t stop himself in time, and the unforgiving floor races to meet him. He lands awkwardly and pain spikes up his arm, but it barely deters him.

“I-Izuku!” yelps a familiar voice, and Izuku scrambles to his feet just as Haruka and Takeda race towards him, concerned. “Are you alri—”

“K-Kirishima,” Izuku manages to gasp out as soon as he’s on his feet. His sides burn from the sprint and the fall. “P-Please, I-I—I have to—”

They seem to realize that he’s alright, because Takeda takes him by the shoulder, smiles gently, and guides him away. Haruka exchanges a word with the doctor before jogging to catch up with them; she pins something to Izuku’s shirt (a visitor badge), but he doesn’t fully acknowledge it. His hands are shaking, his head is pounding, and he’s still in a considerable amount of pain which, while nullified by his growing panic, only disorients him further.

Takeda and Haruka stop at a door, and Takeda reaches for the knob. Izuku’s heart pounds, and every breath burns and aches as Takeda pushes the door open, and—

He’s there. Kirishima is there, and he meets Izuku’s eyes, just like he’s done so many times before. His hair is down, almost completely black again; he’s hooked up to oxygen tubes and IVs and machines Izuku doesn’t know or want to know the purpose of, but he’s there, he’s there and he’s alive he’s alive—

“Hey, buddy,” Kirishima says, and his voice is weak and broken but he’s here and he’s alive and he’s smiling—

Tears spring into his eyes, and his feet carry him across the room, one leap after the other. Kirishima holds out his arms, and Izuku basically crashes into him, face burying in his neck, arms grasping his shoulders.

“Kiri-chan, I-I t-thought—I thought you were dead, I thought you were dead Kirishima, I thought—I-I thought you were gone—”

Kirishima laughs hoarsely and hugs him back, burying his face in Izuku’s hair. “Sorry ‘bout that,” he says quietly, but Izuku can hear the smile behind his voice. “It’s okay now, though, right? We’re here.”

Yeah. Yeah, they are. But that doesn’t stop Izuku from holding him tighter and crying just a little harder, and it doesn’t stop Kirishima from hugging him back. Haruka and Takeda back out of the room silently to leave them be, and Izuku rambles incohesively while Kirishima nods and murmurs quiet reassurances.  

It’s Haruka who reaches out next time to crack the door open. It’s been an hour since they left Izuku with Eijirou; an hour since she and Takeda had stepped out to let them have their time.

She and her husband peer into the room.

Eijirou and Izuku are sleeping, with Eijirou under the hospital blankets and Izuku on top of them—actually he’s practically on top of Eijirou. Their arms are draped loosely around each other, and even though the machines beep and whir, they seem content. Peaceful.

Haruka and Takeda turn to each other, both thinking the same exact thing, and they close the door silently and turn towards the hall, leaving them once again.

Once in the waiting area, they find Aizawa Shouta again, tapping away at his phone. He looks up, pocketing the device as they approach.

“He’s…” Haruka starts, trying to think of how to explain it—but judging by the look on his face, Aizawa already understands. He nods, pulling his phone back out of his pocket and this time taking a seat on one of the benches.

“I’ll wait,” he says.

Haruka and Takeda don’t thank him directly, but Takeda makes a run down to the nearest coffee shop to get the man something while he waits. He seems to appreciate it.
Chapter 52
Notes:

    Before we get started, ART!!!

    cloudy-111 (Warning for scarring)

    phantom-starlight

    Thank you both so much!! I hope everyone enjoys the chapter! \o/

Chapter Text

A hand settles on his shoulder gently. “Izuku?” He’s shaken. “Izuku, wake up. Aizawa is here to take you home.”

Izuku comes to slowly, but his memories rush at him all at once, and he sits up, blinking his eyes open. He hears the beeping and whirring of the machines dully, like his ears are full of cotton, and through the dark he makes out Kirishima’s sleeping face. He looks so peaceful like this.

“Izuku, it’s time to go.” It’s Haruka who’s by him, shaking his shoulder gently. “C’mon, dear, you’ve gotta get home.”

It takes a lot longer than it usually would for Izuku’s sleep-forged mind to catch up with it. This is the first real sleep he’s had since Kamino. “B-But, Kiri-chan—”

“You can come back tomorrow, Izuku. You need to go home and get some proper rest, alright? It’d break Eijirou’s heart if he knew you were neglecting your own health for his sake.”

“B-But—”

“He’s going to be okay now, you can come see him again first thing tomorrow. Okay?”

Izuku looks back at Kirishima’s sleeping face, torn for the longest of times. But eventually he nods, slides off the bed, and lets Haruka lead him out of the hospital room.

Aizawa is waiting for him. He looks up from his phone before jumping to his feet once he sees Izuku there. Despite the fact that they’d taken out Overhaul today (something that already feels surreal, like it’d never even happened at all), the man looks surprisingly like himself. As though they hadn’t actually done what they’d done.

Aizawa thanks Haruka, and he and Izuku head to the waiting car outside. Within no time they’re speeding down the streets and towards U.A.

“I phoned your mother,” Aizawa says after they’ve been driving in silence for a little while. “We’re going to meet her over at her place. I figured you might want some time away from your classmates while all this…” He drums the steering wheel for a moment with his thumbs. “... Settles.”

Izuku bites his lip. What he wouldn’t give to have Cat or Rainbow with him right about now.

They pull up to U.A.’s front gates, park the car, and walk the rest of the way. Aizawa walks a bit ahead of him while Izuku takes his time, dragging his feet. He doesn’t think he’s ever been this tired before in his entire life; emotionally, mentally, physically, he’s more drained than he’s ever been. He wants to say he’s sorry. He wants to hug Cat and fall asleep buried beneath the rest of the cats. He wants to go see Kirishima. He wants to see his friends, and he wants to be alone.

“Izuku!”

For now, though; Eri races towards him from Mom’s home, and her eyes are wide and frantic. Aizawa side-steps, and Izuku kneels so Eri can dive into his arms without hindrance. She does, nearly knocking him back with what measly body weight she has, and her arms go tight around his neck.

“Inko-san said you went to go fight the bad guys,” Eri says right by his ear; over her shoulder, Mom is approaching quickly, only slowing down when she gets closer and sees that Izuku is alright. “Did you win? Is everyone okay?”

Izuku looks into Mom’s eyes, then into Aizawa’s, and really the answer is very clear. Despite what’d happened with Overhaul—despite all these new revelations about One For All—

“Yeah,” Izuku says, nodding and holding her just a little tighter. “We won. Everyone’s okay.”

A smile blossoms over Mom’s face, and Eri squeezes him tighter.

[MESSAGING: “CLASS 1-A (Don’t Do Anything Stupid - Iida)]”

[Sero Hanta]
MIDORIYA!! AIZAWA JUST CAME BY HE SAID YOU GUYS BEAT THE BAD GUYS AND THAT KIRISHIMA WOKE UP

[Uraraka Ochako]
IZUKU!! We’re glad you’re back! We were worried about you!!
And we’re so glad Kirishima is awake!!! That’s amazing!!!

[Yaoyorozu Momo]
We’re all relieved to hear that everything turned out alright, Midoriya. Did you get the chance to see Kirishima?

[Kaminari Denki]
Aizawa said they were at the hospital for a few hours, so I’m sure he did!

[Kouda Kouji]
Awww I’m so happy!!! (*^▽^*) It looks like everything’s going to be okay after all!!! °˖✧◝(⁰▿⁰)◜✧˖°

[Jirou Kyouka]
We made a card and some gift bags for him, do you think we’d be allowed to give it to him tomorrow? He hasn’t been accepting visitors up until this point, right? Or was it a special occasion with you?

[Ashido Mina]
AAAAAA YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW HAPPY WE ALL ARE RIGHT NOW AAAAAA
I’M SO GLAD KIRISHIMA IS OKAY THAT’S LIKE THE BEST NEWS I’VE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE AAAAAAAAAAA

[Just Tsuyu]
I’m glad you’re all okay, Izu-chan. We’re all relieved.

[Kaminari Denki]
Okay but are you okay, man? Like I saw someone talking about it on the news, that Overhaul dude was no joke. Plus like the whole thing with Kirishima and… stuff…

[Hagakure Tooru]
That’s right, are you okay?

[Todoroki Shouto]
You guys, don’t you think there might be a reason why Izuku didn’t come back to the dormitory tonight?
Maybe he wants to be left alone. Have some time to take all of this in on his own before he talks to everyone again.

[Kaminari Denki]
OH CRAP YOU’RE PROBABLY RIGHT
DUDE I’M SORRY I WON’T BUG YOU AGAIN

[Uraraka Ochako]
Sorry if we’re overwhelming you!!

[Sero Hanta]
Honestly we’re all just. Really glad you and Kirishima are okay. We lost ourselves for a while.

[Iida Tenya]
Everyone, we should let Izuku sleep for now and we’ll talk about everything more some other time. It’s been a long day for him, I’m sure.

Izuku sits on the couch of Mom’s house, reading each message as they fly up onto the screen. As he reads them all with care, as he thinks of his friends, he feels incredibly selfish.

He’d given everyone the cold shoulder since that dreaded night at Kamino Ward, he’d kept to himself and he’d wallowed and he’d burdened his friends with additional worry for him whilst they were already worried about Kirishima. Kirishima wasn’t just Izuku’s friend, and while he might have been the closest one to Kirishima, that didn’t mean they didn’t all feel it. That doesn’t mean they didn’t go through the same feelings and thoughts that he did.
And attacking Overhaul so blatantly like he had, without thinking, without feeling, leaves a deep sense of unease and sick in his stomach. The people around him—Mirio and Aizawa, who already know, and the others, who will no doubt find out—are going to have to deal with that, too, when the time comes.

He’d been selfish.

Izuku takes in a breath through his nose, strokes Cat’s fur absentmindedly with one hand and sends a message with the other.

[Midoriya Izuku ^ . . ^]
Guys, I’m sorry.
I’ve been so closed off from you all lately, and I made you worry about me when you were all still reeling over what happened to Kirishima.
I shouldn’t have been so selfish. I shouldn’t have put more on your plates than what you were already dealing with.
I’m sorry. I’ve… been a really bad person. I’ve been a really bad friend.
I’m sorry.

He feels almost physically assaulted by the speed of the messages that follow.

[Uraraka Ochako]
NONONONONO DON’T APOLOGIZE!!

[Sero Hanta]
Dude you were hurting so bad, it’s okay to close yourself off sometimes if you can’t handle it. I’m just glad everything’s okay now. We all are.

[Todoroki Shouto]
You don’t need to apologize. You shouldn’t.

[Ashido Mina]
Well, I know that you’re going to apologize no matter what we say, Midori-chan, even if it’s completely unfounded, so I’ll just say, I forgive you!
Even though you didn’t do anything wrong, I accept your apology! Now don’t apologize for it again! :D

[Just Tsuyu]
^^^^ I agree

[Yaoyorozu Momo]
You’re fine, Izuku. No worries. You haven’t been a bad friend.

The messages keep coming and coming, until his eyes burn and his throat becomes tight. He wipes his nose on the sleeve of his hoodie and sends one more text.

[Midoriya Izuku ^ . . ^]
I don’t deserve you guys. I… thank you.
I’m kinda overwhelmed by what happened, but if you guys want to keep talking, I’ll read the messages. I… don’t really feel much like… talking, but I don’t really want to be alone.

[Ashido Mina]
You’ve got it, Midori-chan! :D
Hmmm… what could we talk about…

[Hagakure Tooru]
OH!! We could plan a celebration party for when Kirishima gets back!!

[Satou Rikidou]
Hey yeah, that’s an idea!!

[Todoroki Shouto]
I’ll supply the hot pockets.

[Iida Tenya]
In memory of the time you nearly burned down the entire dormitory and everyone in it, Todoroki, I will be the one in charge of the hot pockets.

[Todoroki Shouto]
Then what am I supposed to do

[Uraraka Ochako]
You could, uhh…
Help me out here guys

[Hagakure Tooru]
YOU COULD PUT ON A PUPPET SHOW!!

[Todoroki Shouto]
That sounds like a mistake

[Sero Hanta]
All the more reason to do it, right? :D

[Todoroki Shouto]
No

A couple messages are sent in a back and forth, with Satou declaring he’ll make the cake and everyone else assigning tasks to themselves or each other, and Izuku can’t help but laugh softly. He hadn’t been planning on it, but he types and sends a message anyway.

[Midoriya Izuku ^ . . ^]
Have I ever told you guys that I would die for you?

[Satou Rikidou]
d O n ‘T  d O T h A T

[Kaminari Denki]
NOT IF I DIE FOR YOU FIRST

[Iida Tenya]
MIDORIYA IZUKU YOU WILL NOT BE DYING FOR ANY ONE OF US AT ANY POINT EVER

[Todoroki Shouto]
I would die for you too

[Iida Tenya]
TODOROKI YOU ARE NOT MAKING THIS ANY EASIER

[Bakugou Katsuki =^ . . ^=]
Don’t worry Cat you can die for me
HEY WHAT THE HELL WHO PUT THAT ON MY NAME

[Hagakure Tooru]
Who put what on your name? I don’t see anything~

[Jirou Kyouka]
Yea you must just be seeing it wrong

[Bakugou Katsuki =^ . . ^=]
I’M NOT FRIGGIN SEEING IT WRONG
OY, CAT, YOU WANNA THROW DOWN OR SOMETHING

[Midoriya Izuku ^ . . ^]
bakugou you and i both know you dont stand a chance

[Kaminari Denki]
He’s right y’know

[Bakugou =^ . . ^=]
OH SCREW YOU LIGHTSWITCH

[Lightswitch]
Lightswitch? :’(
WAIT WHO DID THAT

[Sero Hanta]
Oh man I can just picture the smug smirk on Midoriya’s face rn

[Midoriya Izuku ^ . . ^]
Can you, though

[Sero Hanta]
No not actually

[Kirishima Eijirou]
:( y’all’re planning my reunion party without me?
how could you :(((((

The chat explodes. The messages start flying so fast that Izuku barely has a chance to read them before they’ve disappeared to the top of his screen. When he tries to scroll up, it’s pointless because new messages keep soaring through, and he can’t keep up with it enough to actually read the messages.

When it slows down, though, he catches them once again. Everyone’s calmed down after their initial freakout now—including Izuku himself.

[Lightswitch]
DUDEDUDEDUDE YOU’RE ALIVE!!!

[Iida Tenya]
Are you quite certain you should be on your phone right now, Kirishima, and not resting?

[Uraraka Ochako]
We were so worried about you!! So glad you’re doing alright now <3

[Kirishima Eijirou]
haha yea i thought i was dead too for a while there whoops

[Lightswitch]
YOU WHAT

[Kirishima Eijirou]
listen man i’ve been awake for exactly thirty two seconds and the brain’s not ready to do the cohesive thinking
hnnnngggg i want soda :(

[Midoriya Izuku ^ . . ^]
Gimme ten minutes

[Kirishima Eijirou]
k
wAIT NO DONT BREAK INTO THE HOSPITAL
ITS A SODA IT’S NOT WORTH IT

[Midoriya Izuku ^ . . ^]
But you’re worth it

[Kirishima Eijirou]
o_o

[Midoriya Izuku ^ . . ^]
I would die for you

[Kirishima Eijirou]
DO NOT

[Iida Tenya]
Kirishima. About you resting.

[Kirishima Eijirou]
ok listen, listen here

[Sero Hanta]
Oh this outta be good

[Kirishima Eijirou]
The doctor said i’m doin’ great now that ive actually woken up and started eating and stuff. he said i can go home next week sometime depending on how everything goes.
that said ive been asleep for literally like,,, what, a week? ive been closed off from society. a shell of who i used to be. an enigma floating through space

[Midoriya Izuku ^ . . ^]
All in favor of temporarily kicking Kirishima from the chatroom until he gets some sleep say I

About fifteen “I”s pop up on the screen before Kirishima retaliates.

[Kirishima Eijirou]
IVE LITERALLY BEEN SLEEPING FOR WEEKS

[Midoriya Izuku ^ . . ^]
You dont have to brag

[Kirishima Eijirou]
DAGNABBIT IZUKU

[Sero Hanta]
Dude you’ve been like, half dead for weeks. Don’t you think you should take it easy?

[Kirishima Eijirou]
look i get it, you’re right. but i’ve missed you guys i wanna talk. it’s been literal forevers since we actually talked to each other and idk, i feel like,,, i just wanna talk for a while?
plus i made my mom and dad go home for a while so i’m all alone here. i’ll go bak to sleep soon but can you indulge me for like 10 minutes?

[Iida Tenya]
I’m setting a timer

[Ashido Mina]
SCORE!!

[Kirishima Eijirou]
Yes!! I promise I’ll go to sleep soon :D
so, anything exciting happen while i was out?

[Sero Hanta]
the big bad dude at Kamino got his butt handed to him by All Might but All Might ended up actually being this scrawny lookin’ dude and it got broadcasted on live television everywhere

[Just Tsuyu]
We got our provisional licenses

[Uraraka Ochako]
Izuku has a new little sister now, her name is Eri

[Midoriya izuku ^ . . ^]
I fought the leader of a yakuza and singlehandedly took out him and all his men

[Kirishima Eijirou]
yo what

And so the chat begins. Izuku doesn’t give explicit details on what happened between him and Overhaul, but he instead focuses on Eri, as do the rest of them as they gush over her and the fact that she’s living on-campus with Izuku’s mother. Kirishima seems elated—and then of course when Tenya’s designated ten minutes are up, the conversation ends, and Izuku sets his phone on the coffee table and breathes a long breath. Cat flops his head on Izuku’s stomach, and Izuku wraps his arms around the dog and pulls him further against his chest. The only cat here right now is Rainbow, who somehow ended up at Mom’s place instead of at the dormitory where she belonged. Izuku doesn’t complain; she’s a comforting warmth against his neck and he’s glad to have her and Cat.

He lies there by himself for some time, trying in vain to fall asleep. Exhausted or not, he’s still an insomniac. Just when he’s thinking about getting some hot cocoa or tea, he hears quiet creaks as someone makes their way down the spiraling staircase and into the living room.

Izuku sits up as Cat lifts his head, and Eri steps off the last stair and blinks wide eyes at him.

Izuku blinks at her for a second, then sets his phone off to the side and scoots over to make room. Eri immediately shuffles over, settling down on the spot beside him and curling up against his side. Izuku winds an arm around her gently. Cat flops on his legs to give Eri room. The cats swarm the couch, and Eri giggles softly as they bop their fluffy heads against her chin.

Izuku has no doubt that Mom will be down here soon with an offer to make hot cocoa; he doesn’t know how she does it, but she always seems to know when he (or recently, Eri) can’t sleep. For now, though, he and Eri lie in the darkness, and Izuku finally closes his eyes.

As he sleeps, Izuku dreams. Except, they don’t feel like dreams. There’s a certain sense of grounding that tells him immediately that they aren’t normal dreams.

Ever since that night —the night he lost it after so long of being “okay,” the night he hurt Shouto, the night he’d seen Kirishima’s Imprint in his mind, the night he’d realized what it meant—Izuku has dreamed. They weren’t nightmares, but they weren’t necessarily fantasties, either. Just… images. Feelings.

He sees Ko’s figure, a brightly lit figure in the darkness. She smiles and waves at him, but doesn’t speak. A noise catches Izuku’s attention, and he turns in the darkness to meet eyes with a woman who looks like an older, adult version of Ko, only with distinct differences—silver eyes instead of green, with a long flowing cape and an outfit Ko had never worn. Izuku doesn’t know who she is, but this isn’t the first time he’s seen her in these visions.

He sees, more faintly, Toshinori. And beyond that, Kirishima. Kirishima’s Imprint has been silent ever since the Overhaul incident. While Izuku doesn’t know why, he doesn’t question it. Kirishima’s Imprint smiles and throws a peace sign at him in the darkness, but then he’s gone, and Izuku wakes up.

Eri is still sleeping against his side. Cat and the cats surround them like several fluffy patches to make up one big fluffy quilt. Izuku’s phone clock tells him it’s 3am. He checks to make sure he hasn’t woken Eri, and when he realizes she’s still asleep, he shuts his eyes once again and draws in a deep breath.

He’ll have to talk to Kirishima about One For All and Imprint. Soon.

When Eijirou originally woke up in his hospital room to find Izuku gone, the first thing he’d done was worry. At least, he did until he saw how dark it actually was outside and realized that it made sense why he’d have left.

“He went home to get some rest,” Dad confirmed shaking his head. He was sitting on the stool by Eijirou’s bedside while Mom grabbed snacks from the vending machine. “Poor kid’s been scared sick about you, son. Of course, everyone has, but… it’s been really hard on him.”

It showed, Eijirou thought mutely. He’d never seen the shadows under Izuku’s eyes look so dark, and while he and Izuku had hugged plenty of times, Izuku had never clung to him that desperately before.  

Now, Eijirou sits alone in his hospital room with his phone still held between his hands despite his promise to sleep, and he’s looking out the window at the stars. He’s glad Izuku (and his parents, too) were finally convinced into going home, but a part of him misses the company. The warmth. What he wouldn’t do to have Izuku in his arms, now.

His friendship bracelet is on the side table, along with flowers from his parents and a card from a recipient Eijirou can’t see. He’d reach over to look (and to put on his bracelet), but he’d barely managed to grab his phone off the edge before the IV tugged uncomfortably. So he’d given up.

His parents had gone out finally after he nagged them long enough. He misses them as much as he misses Izuku, but he’s glad they left, too, if just to take care of themselves. He knows they haven’t left his side, and while he can’t blame them, he doesn’t like that they’ve been neglecting their own care. He hopes they left to go home for a while.

(Even though a part of him still wishes he wasn’t alone.)

He’s warring between texting Izuku and trying to fall asleep again when he hears fast footsteps echoing down the hall outside his door. They’re soft at first, but don’t stay that way; they become louder and closer, until suddenly the door swings open, and standing there are Mom, Dad, and—

Toshinori.

In a moment, Eijirou is flooded.

He’s flooded until he doesn’t know what he’s flooded with, and his heart gets stuck in his throat when he tries to force a word out. To say what? He doesn’t know. He can’t think.

Toshinori has suddenly crossed the room before Eijirou saw him move, and their arms are around each other tightly just a moment later. Eijirou’s throat constricts and his fingers dig into the back of his mentor’s shirt, but there’s only one thing on his mind right now. One dominating thought that chases away all else.

Toshinori knows, he has to know.

“T-Toshinori-san,” Eijirou can barely get the words out, “One For All, I-I—”

“I don’t care about One For All,” Toshinori cuts in sharply, voice low and thick. “I was worried about you.”

It shouldn’t surprise him. It doesn’t. But it sends what remains of his frayed emotions spiraling out of control, and he lets out a long sigh and rests his forehead against Toshinori’s shoulder. That’s how they sit for what feels like forever.

Midoriya is making Shouta nervous. As Shouta speaks with the doctor briefly regarding a quick check-up to Midoriya while they’re at it, Midoriya bounces and rocks back and forth on his feet, wringing his hands together, running his pens out of ink back and forth against his arms. Shouta eventually takes the pens away from him because he’s sure Midoriya is just doing it subconsciously now without even thinking, but Midoriya always has one more pen that he doesn’t know about and eventually he lets it go.

The doctor finally leads them down the hallway into their own room, and Shouta slides backwards to flank Midoriya. “Kid, listen, I know you’re anxious to see Kirishima again but you’ve gotta get looked at first. Would’ve done it when we first got back from the warehouse if you hadn’t been so wrecked.”

Midoriya doesn’t even seem to notice. He keeps fiddling anxiously with his pens and he’s doodled at least a hundred little cat faces on each arm (he had to roll back his sleeves when he ran out of room on his hands and forearms). Shouta sighs, but goes in the room with him when the doctor leads them inside.

Usually Inko would be here with Izuku in Shouta’s stead, but she’d taken Eri out to get some new clothes, which she’s in desperate need of. She’d been wearing Midoriya’s old ones, which fit her almost perfectly, but still. Inko wanted to get her something nice, and Midoriya had assured her that it was alright for her to leave him.

Which leads them to where they are now.

The doctor starts with vitals—Midoriya’s height, weight, and blood pressure are all checked first. He’s still underweight, but not by as much as Shouta had been anticipating, and he’s grown half an inch since the start of the school year. Midoriya seems too distracted to notice, and he kicks his dangling feet to and fro as he sits on the edge of the examination bed.

The doctor does the rest of the tests quickly, checking his heart, his ribs, his eyes. Midoriya answers a couple questions, but his words are hastily spoken and the doctor has to ask him to repeat them several times.

Eventually they finish, and the doctor turns from Midoriya as he hops off the table and says to Shouta, “He’s fine. Not getting enough sleep, and he’s dehydrated, but it’s nothing we can’t correct. I’ll give you a slip for the pharmacy; we can get him started on something to help him sleep at night if he’s struggling.”

Shouta thanks him, takes the slip and has to sprint down the hall to catch up with Midoriya, who would seem to have decided that yep, he’s done here and he’s going to go see Kirishima with or without him.

“Gotta wait up for me, kid,” Shouta says once he catches up and flanks him. Midoriya is walking much faster than usual, and his eyes point forward. “I’m sure Kirishima doesn’t mind waiting an extra minute.”

“I do,” Midoriya responds without hesitation, and Shouta sighs but decides that it’s only fair. He’s going to let Midoriya have his time with Kirishima for now, but once the boy is back at U.A. and has recovered more, Shouta is going to speak with him. Apologize, maybe.

They reach Kirishima’s hospital room. Midoriya knocks thrice, Kirishima’s voice from inside calls for him to come in, but at the very last second, Midoriya remembers his escort and turns to him with wondering eyes.

Shouta shakes his head. “I’ll wait up for you,” he says, pulling his phone from his pocket and flashing it in Midoriya’s line of sight. “Text me when you’re done, I’ll be in the waiting room.”

Midoriya doesn’t thank him directly, but Shouta can see the gratitude in his eyes. He turns away and starts down the hall, turning the corner just as the door clicks shut behind him.

Kirishima can sit up so long as he leans back against the headboard, and Izuku curls close against his side, leaning on his shoulder as they both watch some cooking show on the television. It’s one of those competitive cooking shows that has Izuku wondering if, with all his whittling practice, he could actually handle his knives in the kitchen the same way he does on the battlefield.

“You could do that,” Kirishima says as if reading his thoughts. He’s resting his cheek on the top of Izuku’s head. The color has almost faded completely from Kirishima’s hair, and so has Izuku’s. “Y’know, you could have your own cooking show one of these days.”

“I’d probably burn down the dormitory before I had a cooking show,” Izuku murmurs.

“Aw, c’mon, man. You and Bakugou could do one, that’d be a trip.”

“Bakugou would probably burn down the dormitory before being on a cooking show with me. And he’d do it intentionally.”

“So is the dormitory just doomed to burn either way?”

Izuku shrugs. On-screen, one of the contestants screws up their dish so bad that the judges actually look surprised—unless it’s just over dramatized, which Izuku assumes it is.

Kirishima raises a hand slowly towards Izuku’s hair. The cold IV tubes tickle Izuku’s forearm. “You let the dye fade out,” Kirishima observes, pinching a lock between his fingers. “It’s almost totally black again. I don’t think I’ve ever actually… seen you with black hair.”

“Me, neither,” Izuku says, looking at him.

Kirishima drops his hand with a sigh. “I was unconscious for several weeks. I have an excuse.”

It’s meant as a lighthearted jeer, but Izuku can still sense the unease behind Kirishima’s voice. Izuku has always dyed his hair. Always made sure to keep the green in there to mask over the black he’d once hated. The fact that he’d stopped doing that sets off red flags. Especially to people who know him best, like Kirishima or Mom.

Kirishima drags in a long breath and lets it out slowly. His weight is suddenly heavier against Izuku. “Y’know, buddy… I didn’t mean to give you One For All. It was just… a gut-reaction, I think. Saw the blast coming right for me, and… I thought about you.”

Kirishima runs his fingers through Izuku’s black hair again. Izuku holds his gaze.

“... I don’t regret saving your life,” Kirishima says softly. “I’d do it again in a heartbeat. But… I am sorry for what I put you through because of it. I… talked to my dad, about you. How you handled what happened to me. And Toshinori-san, too. They were...” Kirishima pauses, inhales and exhales longly again. “They all basically said the same thing, man. That you were hurting and lost and they didn’t know how to help.”

Kirishima’s hand drops from his hair again, cold tubes brushing against Izuku’s skin.

“I’m sorry. I don’t take back what I did, but I’m sorry you had to go through all of that. And I’m sorry about One For All.”

Izuku swallows hard.  “Kiri-chan, do you think… do you think I’m too dependant on you?”

Kirishima’s sharp inhale of breath is the only answer he gets for a good long while. “Why do you ask?”

Izuku swallows again. “I-I only knew I had One For All because of Imprint. I… saw your Imprint, I mean.” Kirishima has gone dead silent. “And later, you…” His eyes burn. His throat is tight. “You told me I relied on you too much. You told me that I… had to learn how to let you go.”

The silence stretches.

“I wasn’t actually there, Izuku,” Kirishima says quietly. “Imprint is just the personification of a person’s strongest thoughts and feelings, right? I wasn’t actually… consciously there. Or… or even aware at all.”

Izuku looks up at him again. “So…?”

Kirishima sighs longly and shakes his head. “I don’t know, man, I just… I want you to get to a point in your life where you can just be happy with you. Like, don’t get me wrong, it’s great that I can make you happy and stuff, but… I really want you to be able to be happy with who you are someday, that’s all. I want you to be able to find happiness in yourself. Whether we like it or not…”

Kirishima looks around them for a moment, at the flowers and cards on the bedside table, at the humming machines, the tubes and wires.

“We’re heroes, Izuku,” Kirishima says, quieter than before. “We… might not always be there for each other. And if something like this actually happened again—god forbid and all that—like… I don’t know. I’d want you to be able to genuinely move forward. I want you to be able to still be happy whether or not I’m there cheering you on. You’d want the same for me, wouldn’t you?”

Izuku can’t argue with that. The thought of Kirishima losing himself like Izuku had strikes him somewhere near and dear, and he banishes it as soon as he can.

“That said, buddy, I really love you a lot,” Kirishima says, smiling a little this time, “and I’m gonna do whatever I can to make sure nothing like this ever happens again.”

Izuku blinks at him—but then he, too, smiles. “I love you a lot, too, Kiri-chan. I’ll do the same.”

It’s almost as though Kirishima doesn’t hear the words. His eyes have gone wide, and Izuku is fairly certain he’s stopped breathing.

Izuku frowns. “What?”

Except that’s all he gets out before Kirishima is suffocating him in a hug that should not be possible coming from someone who’d been unconscious for weeks.

“If this is gonna happen every time I smile,” Izuku manages, voice strangled, “then I’m gonna start putting effort towards not doing it ever again.”

It’s meant as a joke, but Kirishima backs off as quickly as though he’d been burned. “S-Sorry, dude!” he amends quickly. “Personal space, personal space, I get it.”

“I don’t mind,” Izuku cuts in, “just… give me a little warning next time. Alright?”

“Yeah yeah, of course,” Kirishima assures, nodding. “Holy crap though, dude, that smile was like… really bright.”

Izuku frowns. “It’s… it’s just a smile, right? Lots of people smile. You’ve seen me smile before this.”

“Yeah but not like—” Kirishima stops, then sighs and shakes his head. “Alright, fine. I couldn’t catch it this time, but I’m gonna get it on camera one of these days, and then you’ll understand.”

Izuku rolls his eyes good naturedly and goes back to leaning against his shoulder. “Sure thing.”

They sit in silence for a while longer, but not much longer. Kirishima draws a breath and speaks once again.

“As far as One For All is concerned... you can keep it if you want,” he says quietly. Izuku looks at him, but Kirishima doesn’t meet his eyes. “I... kinda gave it to you anyway, whether or not I meant to, and—”

“I don’t want it,” Izuku cuts in before he can finish. Kirishima turns wide-eyes toward him, and Izuku looks toward the television screen to avoid his gaze. “Kiri-chan... One For All is yours. And you’re a lot worthier of it than I am.”

“Dude, c’mon, don’t say—”

“I’m not being self-deprecating. I mean it. I... I want you to take it back. You said it’s mine now, right? So I want to give it to you.”

Kirishima looks like he wants to say something else, but he doesn’t. Instead, he offers a small smile, and Izuku can tell he's relieved. Whether or not he'd been born with it, Kirishima has grown to love One For All. Just like Izuku has somehow grown to love Glitch.

That’s one more thing he hasn’t had much time to catch up with. Ko's Quirk. The Quirk of a girl who wanted nothing more than to help people is now being used to save lives. It'd saved Eri. It'd saved Izuku's classmates. It'd saved Izuku.

“We'll figure out the whole DNA thing when we get there,” Izuku says finally, bringing everything back around. “Until then, you just focus on getting better.”

Kirishima nods, but stops short. “Wait, I just thought of something.”

“Uh oh.”

“Would this make me your predecessor or your successor? And would this make you my successor or predecessor?”

“The only thing it makes me is tired.”

“Dude I'm not kidding these are serious questions—”

“Speak not.”

“Dude—”

“Kiri-chan you might be rested enough to think about it but the last time I slept well was probably the night I was born and I have neither the mental willingness nor the long suffering to discuss this right now.”

Kirishima cracks a smile, and they go back to their cooking show.

"Aizawa-sensei, is it okay if I walk back to U.A.?"

Aizawa lifts a brow at him. "What's wrong with driving?"

Izuku shuffles his foot against the sidewalk. Lights flash across the cement. "There's nothing wrong with it," he says, "just... I wanted some time to kind of... think about everything. Now that Kirishima is okay and my body is kind of catching up with everything."

Aizawa's gaze softens just enough for him to notice, and he nods shortly. "All right. If you change your mind and want me to come pick you up, lemme know."

"I will. Thank you."

Aizawa turns and takes the car on the curbside. Meanwhile, Izuku turns and heads down the sidewalk in the same direction, though much slower. His hood is back off his head, his fingers brush against pens instead of knives, and he lifts his head instead of dropping it. As he walks, he contemplates.

Glitch—“Midas’ Gold,”—was originally Ko’s Quirk. There’s some part of him that says he shouldn’t be okay with that. That he should hate Glitch, if just for the fact that it was stolen from her and given to him. But he doesn’t. It’s through Imprint that he’s been able to maintain some kind of connection with her—and now her Quirk is being used to save others. He knows she’d approve. He knows it’d put a smile to her face, to know what he’s doing with it now.  

She’d told him to find his peace. And he thinks maybe now, he finally has.

Something grabs him by the arm and yanks him into an alleyway.

Izuku’s first instinct is to jerk out of their hold and yank them into a headlock—maybe deck them—but his threat sense hadn’t gone off. Which means—

“Izuku!”

He looks into Tenko’s bright eyes—the only bright thing aside from the flashes of Izuku’s shoes in this dark alleyway.

Tenko looks… different. His hair is dyed a bright, almost neon blue instead of the old, sickly pale blue it’d been before, and it would seem he’s covered his facial scars with makeup, because Izuku doesn’t see any of them. He’s wearing a denim blue hoodie and ripped jeans that he probably found at a thrift store, but Izuku supposes the biggest difference of all is that Tenko is smiling.

Izuku’s eyes meet his, and before he knows what’s happening he’s surged forward and they have each other in their arms, holding tightly. Their first true reconciliation back at Kamino had been cut short by their circumstances.

But not this time.

This time Izuku holds tight and doesn’t let go.

“How’ve you been getting by?” Izuku asks; they’re sitting beside each other in the alleyway with their backs pressed against the cold, brick wall. It’s dark enough so the passersby don’t spot them, but they can still see each other now that their eyes have adjusted. “How’s—how’s life?”

“It’s… been pretty decent, actually,” Tenko says, rubbing the back of his neck with his four-fingered hand. “The League had a bunch of cash stored up for resources, so as soon as the whole Kamino thing was done with, I doubled back around to grab it. I don’t have my own place yet, so I’ve been staying at cheap hotels mostly. The lower the standards, the less questions you’re asked.”

“You dyed your hair,” Izuku notes.  

Tenko nods. “I was gonna go black, originally,” he says, twisting a lock between his fingers, “but I thought that’d be too obvious, so I went with something brighter, instead. I found some cheap dye at a thrift store, it worked like a charm.”

Izuku nods longly, taking a breath. There’s something odd and relaxing about talking to Tenko like this again, like nothing had ever happened at all. He doesn’t dislike it.

“So…” Tenko goes more solemn, and he drags his knees toward his chest. “About your friend, Kirishima… I was meaning to get in touch with you sooner, but U.A. really cracked down on their security, and we were never in the same place at the same time—”

“It’s alright,” Izuku cuts in, shaking his head. “Kiri-chan is okay. They’re going to let him go home in a couple days as long as he keeps recovering well. For a while, we… didn’t really know what was going to happen. But he’s okay now.”

Tenko releases a huge sigh of relief. “Oh, I’m glad. You two seem very close.”

He doesn’t sound jealous. Izuku nods.

“He’s like a brother to me,” he says, smiling softly at the thought. “Though I can’t tell whether I see him as more of a little brother or a big brother. He definitely needs someone to look after him, but then, so do I.”

Tenko laughs, and Izuku thinks it might be one of the most wonderful sounds he’s ever heard. “Well, keep working on that,” he says, and with some hesitation, he reaches over and ruffles Izuku’s hair. “In the meantime I’ll try not to get recognized by the public and hopefully stay out of trouble.”

Izuku shoves his hand away, but it’s all good-naturedly. Almost as quickly as a cloud passing over the sun, Tenko’s smile fades, and he looks down at his stained shoes.

“... Listen. About that favor you asked of me… I haven’t had any luck finding him. I’ve been looking all over the place, but there hasn’t been anything about him on the news, there hasn’t been any stories, I don’t have any leads…”

Tenko sighs and shakes his head.

“It’s frustrating. Not being able to do anything.”

“It’s alright,” Izuku says. “It wasn’t fair of me to ask that of you when I did. That was my bad, not yours.”

Tenko only sighs, then shakes his head and rises to his feet. “Well,” he says, “I should let you get back to U.A. before someone decides to come looking for you. We’ll catch up more later, alright?”

Izuku frowns up at him. “Already?” he asks as he pushes himself to his feet. “We barely had a chance to talk.”

“Yeah,” Tenko says, looking over his shoulder, “but trust me, it’s better if I stay on the move. You can give me your phone number, right? We can get in touch.”

“Tenko, wait.”

Tenko pauses. Izuku takes in a breath.

“... I know a guy,” Izuku says, “who was close with our grandmother, Shimura Nana. He’s been worried about you ever since he realized what happened. I’m sure he would love to see you again.”

Tenko smiles, but this time there’s something very sad and painful about it. He shakes his head. “I don’t think anyone aside from you would be very happy to see me, Izuku.”

“That,” Izuku says, crossing his arms, “is where you’re wrong. I know seeing you again, even if for the last time, would mean the literal world to him. Trust me on this one, alright?”

Tenko bites his lip, torn—but soon he nods, and Izuku whips out his phone.

[Midoriya Izuku]
[location_pin.maps]
Hey, get down here. There’s someone I think you’d like to see.

Toshinori doesn’t let himself get his hopes up. He’s too afraid of them being dashed to even consider the possibility. He waits impatiently at the station, then takes the train downtown to the destination Midoriya sent him. He exits the train, hails a taxi, and continues on his way, all the while forcing himself not to think. Because if he thinks, he hopes, and he’s been disappointed by life one too many times to hope right now.

Especially when it comes to something like this.

The cab stops, Toshinori pays what he owes, and steps onto the sidewalk. It isn’t a very central part of town, but there are enough people here to warrant a bit of concern, should someone recognize him as All Might and hold him from his destination. But he isn’t stopped or looked at funnily, and he sets a brisk pace for himself and heads down, following the map of his phone.

He follows it until he’s close enough to hear voices.

“—don’t know how I feel about this, Izuku—”

“You’ll be fine, don’t worry about it.”

“If someone recognizes me—”

“They won’t. And if they do I’ll kick their ass.”

“You’re gonna get in trouble.”

“Not nearly as much trouble as they’ll be in.”

It takes a second for him to recognize the second voice. He hasn’t heard it all that much. Barely ever, actually.

Except, once it does click, it’s obvious. It’s obvious, and his heart soars while his stomach twists. He goes from walking to jogging, then from jogging to running, then from running to sprinting.

He turns the corner and skids to a halt.

“This, this is why Ko could never let you out her sight!” Shigaraki is saying, gesturing animatedly at Midoriya, who has his arms crossed tightly over his chest. Shigaraki is so tall and Midoriya is so short that it looks more like an uncle berating his nephew. “You really haven’t changed, have you?”

Except, Toshinori realizes something just a moment later.

This person isn’t Shigaraki.

Midoriya continues to look offended, and he shifts his weight and squares his shoulders. “Actually I have changed, thank you very much.”

Tenko gestures at him. “How!?”

“I can tell actual jokes now.”

“That’s not—” Tenko seems to give up, because he throws up his hands and lets them drop down to his sides bonelessly. “Fine, fine, since there’s no talking sense into you—”

And that’s precisely the moment he notices Toshinori.

He has to do a double take, but the second time his eyes fall on Toshinori, they don’t dart away again. Izuku has also noticed him at this point, though he seems more focused on Tenko and less on Toshinori.

Once their gaze lands on each other, it stays that way for a long while. Tenko blinks several times, before turning his head down to his shoes. At his sides, his hands shakes. Toshinori’s throat is tight.

A long moment passes in silence.

Tenko shuffles forward slowly, head aimed at the ground. His hands are now stuffed in his jean pockets. “I—”

Before Toshinori knows what he’s doing, Tenko has thrown himself into a deep, meaningful bow.

“I’m sorry,” Tenko strains in a tight, quiet voice. “I’m sorry I—I made things hard for you. For your students. For the world. I’m sorry for—for everything. And I would understand if you can’t forgive me. If you don’t. I don’t—I don’t really forgive myself, either.”

Midoriya finally moves. “Tenko—”

“I know it’s not my fault,” Tenko cuts in sharply.  “I know it was All For One and not me, but I— still. I still did it and I’m sorry.”

Another long silence passes. None of them move. None of them speak.

And then Toshinori’s feet guide him forward, one step after the other without his conscious consent. He reaches out and settles a hand on Tenko’s shoulder gently. Tenko flinches at first, then lifts his head to look at him.

By blood, Midoriya and Tenko are both a part of the Shimura family. They both share Nana’s blood. But Midoriya doesn’t have the same likeness to Nana that Tenko has. When Toshinori looks Tenko in the eyes, he’s reminded indefinitely of his mentor.

He’d hoped All For One was lying. He’d hoped it wasn’t true. But now he’s here and he’s seeing this boy, not as Shigaraki but as Shimura Tenko, and it’s too clear. Too obvious. He knows.  

Tenko straightens up, and Toshinori keeps his hand on his shoulder. “Tenko…” Tenko doesn’t flinch this time, and his eyes meet Toshinori’s and stay there. “What happened to you… the things that All For One forced you into… none of that is your responsibility. None of that is your fault.”

Tenko already knows this. That’s obvious. But having someone say it—someone who isn’t Midoriya, who Tenko may think is biased—goes a long way. Tenko’s eyes go right down to his shoes again, and his shoulders go tense.

Toshinori takes a breath through his nose, holds back his own tears, and slowly drags Tenko into an embrace. It’s loose at first, very loose; but Tenko warms up to it almost immediately and hugs him back. Tenko’s fingernails dig into the back of his shirt, and Toshinori’s hand cups the back of his head, holding him close.

It lasts for an indeterminable amount of time before they realize Midoriya is still there. Tenko pulls away first, and he and Toshinori both turn back to Midoriya. He has a black cat in his arms that’s about the size of a small dog with enough fur to put a pomeranian so shame.

“I am so happy right now,” Midoriya says with a totally straight face, stroking a hand down the cat’s back repeatedly. His face is stoic as per usual, but there’s no mistaking the light in his eyes. “See? What did I tell you, Tenko.”

“You were right, you were right,” Tenko says, shaking his head and wiping his eyes with the backs of his hands. “Guess I was just… overthinking it.”

“No, I think whatever fears you had are well-founded,” Toshinori assures, already having a good idea as to what those fears are. He’s spoken to Naomasa enough times about it that they feel almost real for him, too. “I know your situation right now isn’t exactly ideal. And you want to stay on the run.”

Tenko looks down. So does Midoriya.

“But,” Toshinori goes on, “even if the rest of the world doesn’t support you, know that the police force and those of us at U.A. will have your back.”

Midoriya nods over the fluff in his arms. “I could be your own personal body guard if you wanted me to.”

Tenko laughs hoarsely, but shakes his head. “That’s great,” he says, looking first to Midoriya and then to Toshinori, “but I’m sure I’ll make it through alright. I have a fairly good idea of what I want to do from this point on. It’s just a matter of getting there.”

He doesn’t elaborate himself, so Toshinori doesn’t ask. Instead, he nods with a smile. “Well,” he says, “if you ever need someone to come to, if you ever need help…” He meets Midoriya’s eyes for a moment, “You know who to look for.”

Tenko smiles, and it rings of relief, joy, and maybe just a pinch of pain. “Thank you. Both of you. I promise, I won’t let either of you down.”

Izuku is there the day Kirishima is released from the hospital—roughly two days since his visit, actually. Several weeks since he was first injured and here they are now, with Haruka and Takeda speaking with the doctor outside the room and signing discharge papers and Izuku and Kirishima still in the hospital room, waiting. All the wires have been tapered off and removed, and the hospital gown has been replaced with a hoodie (one of Izuku’s, actually, which was big enough to fit him) and a pair of gray sweatpants.

“Are you going home or to U.A.?” Izuku asks while they sit in silence, playing their endless run games on their phones respectively.

Kirishima shakes his head. “Home, for a few days,” he says, which is exactly what Izuku had figured from the get-go. “But I should be back at the dormitory by the weekend, depending on how everything goes at home.”

Izuku nods. “Don’t let your dogs trample you.”

Kirishima cracks a smile. “I’ll do my best.”

They don’t talk about One For All at all that day. Kirishima is wheeled out to his family’s car, and Izuku waves at him from the curbside until he and his parents finally speed out of sight. Then he heads back home to U.A. himself—back to the dormitory now, for the first time since the night they defeated Overhaul.

Yeah. He still needs to talk to Mirio about that.

He’s barely one foot into the door before everyone’s screaming.

“HE’S BACK!” Sero screeches, dive-bombing over the couch and scrambling to his feet before running around in circles, waving his hands over his head like flopping fish out of water. “THIS IS NOT A DRILL, MIDORIYA’S BACK!”

Izuku is halfway back out of the door a second later, but he’s too late. In no time at all he’s swarmed by anxious classmates, all asking if he’s alright, asking if Kirishima’s alright, telling him their plans—the cats are all over him, digging their claws into his pants leg and scaling his limbs like he’s a building. Cat steps over them carefully to go over to the couch, leaving Izuku to his classmates.

In a way it’s overwhelming. But at the same time, he couldn’t be happier.

Getting home after everything that’s happened is almost surreal, Eijirou thinks. Of course his golden retrievers are all over him the moment they hear his voice, and Mom and Dad haul them off before they can hurt him accidentally, and Eijirou heads straight to his room and flops facedown on the bed. The bandages against his chest shift, but they’re more there for his own security now. He can take them off whenever he wants; the doctor’s healing Quirks have long since sealed the wound.

Most of his things have been moved from his bedroom here to his room at U.A., but some things, he left behind in case he ever went home for whatever reason. Those things include star stickers (he has more of them at U.A.), blankets and pillows on his bed, and a couple posters of Crimson Riot.

He hasn’t given the man a single thought in he doesn’t know how long. Seeing the posters now is kind of like a stab to the gut. He doesn’t know what to call how it makes him feel.

Kirishima lies there for a while afterwards, sighing deeply to himself, and eventually—without meaning to—he falls asleep.

When he wakes up, an indeterminable amount of time has passed, but the lights outside his room are still on which means it can’t be too late, if his parents are still up. He pushes himself upright and swings himself off the bed slowly with a wince. The pain is more dull than before, but still definitely there. He wonders how long it’ll take before he’s really back to normal.

He decides to go see what his parents are up to, maybe ask if one of them would play a video game with him—but just as he steps into the hall, he hears his mom’s voice, speaking to someone outside the door.

“—sleeping, but you can come back some other time I’m sure. Thank you all very much. I’m sure he would thank you.”

Eijirou’s brows furrow, but he waits until he hears the door click shut before he decides to investigate the matter further. Mom is still standing by the door, with a tupperware container of what seems to be some kind of stew in her arms. Eijirou is about to ask her exactly who it was at the door—but then he catches the kitchen table out of the corner of his eye.

It’s absolutely loaded with giftbags, cards, balloons, a couple stuffed animals, and several more tupperwares of lunches and dinners.

Mom notices him before he has a chance to speak. “Oh, honey, I didn’t know you were awake,” she says, stepping towards him. She pauses, following his gaze, before a soft smile crosses over her face. “Your classmates came by. Said they’re starting back with school tomorrow and wouldn’t have a ton of time, so they went and brought you all this ahead of time.”

Eijirou rounds on her, eyes wide. “All of them?”

“Well,” Mom says, straightening her classes with her free hand, “I’m not sure if everyone came, but there was certainly a big enough group for them all to be here. Plus, not to mention…” She gestures with a hand at the gifts on the table.

Eijirou re-examines the tupperware in her arms, and now that he’s looking closer, he realizes it’s not really stew. It’s curry.

He spins on his heel and makes a break for the window beside the door, peering out. It’s hard to see in the darkness, but those are definitely his classmates—yes, all of them—walking down the road in rows. He makes out Izuku before everyone else, of course, and he can’t help but smile.

He and his parents have curry for dinner that night. It’s the best Eijirou has ever had.

School starts back, and on one hand it’s great to get back into their schedule, put their minds off recent happenings, new developments, the likes. But on the other hand, Shouto can feel the anxiousness of his classmates in the air like it’s a physical thing, like he could reach out and touch it if he wanted to. He’d almost sooner wait until Kirishima is back and resume class then instead of resuming now and worry incessantly.

Izuku is more like himself, too, and he’s the only one amongst them who doesn’t seem the least bit anxious. Day after day until the weekend, they go through their classes just like normal, and if you exclude their lack of Kirishima and the anxious atmosphere, plus Eri’s evening visits with Inko, things are back to normal.

Except Saturday comes, and throughout the day, starting from breakfast at the dorm all the way to lunch (both prepared by Bakugou, who complained the entire time but still made good dishes for them), Izuku hasn’t looked up from his phone.

He’s typically not the most social of people anyway, whether or not he means that, but seeing him on his phone for several hours on end when he usually isn’t is concerning. Especially considering that Eri is sitting on the other end of the couch with him constantly, playing with Teacup and Rainbow with Cat curled on the couch beside her. It’s not bad, just odd.

“What are you doing?” Shouto asks over lunch. Izuku isn’t eating, but everyone else is carrying around bowls of katsudon and trying to find somewhere to sit.

“Texting,” Izuku answers plainly, as his thumbs dash over the screen. He’s laying on his back and holding the phone by his face. He hasn’t moved from this position for at least a good three hours. “Eri, do you want katsudon?”

Eri blinks wide eyes at him. It’s been gradual, but she’s become more comfortable around them. She even stopped apologizing for little things, like asking questions. She’s comfortable enough to be here with just them while Inko speaks to the police (about what, Shouto doesn’t know). Her Quirk suppressants are kept with Iida.

“Is that the same thing we had yesterday for dinner?” Eri asks Izuku, plopping Rainbow and Teacup onto Cat’s head.

Izuku nods simply, still tapping away at his phone. “Yep. Bakugou does good, even though he yells a lot.”

“I CAN HEAR YOU!”

Eri looks at Shouto curiously, and Shouto shrugs. “I can get you a bowl if you want some.”

Eri shakes her head and hops off the couch herself. “I’ll get it,” she says, and disappears into the kitchen before Shouto or Izuku can say otherwise. She returns shortly thereafter, not with one bowl, but with two. She sets the first bowl on Izuku’s stomach behind his hands, then climbs onto the other side of the couch where she’d been before. She gives Teacup, Rainbow and Cat each a small piece of pork before digging in for herself.

She pauses just before taking a bite, and she turns and looks at Izuku. She reaches over and pokes him on the leg.

He looks at her. “What’s up?”

“I’m not eating until you eat.”

Eri is the only person who can say that to Izuku and actually garner a reaction. Izuku almost dumps his katsudon all over himself in his haste to sit up and put his phone off to the side, and Shouto rolls his eyes. Izuku is insufferably stubborn, but so is Eri.

“Who are you talking to?” Eri asks him curiously.

“Mom, and a friend,” Izuku says, and this time, he glances at Shouto as he speaks to Eri. “You’ll be able to meet him soon. He’s on his way here.”

He says it intentionally loud enough for everyone in the room to hear—and within no time at all, chaos erupts.  

“KIRISHIMA’S COMING HOME!?”

“Oh holy crap! We have to decorate, dangit!”

“Hurry, hurry! Bakugou, save some katsudon!”

“DON’T TELL ME WHAT TO DO!”

“Do we have ice cream!? Satou! Todoroki! Make some real fast!”

Shouto lifts both hands where they can be easily seen. “Fried ice cream,” he says  to Satou, who immediately pales and waves his hands about. “Why not.”

Izuku and Eri are the only two who don’t seem at all affected by this. They sit on the couch, eating their katsudon silently whilst their classmates race in panicked haste around them.

“Hurry! Quick, straighten up!”

“What a mad banquet of darkness.”

“It has to be perfect!”

“SATOU, TODOROKI, HURRY UP!”

“I can’t believe Kirishima’s gonna be back!”

“Who’s Kirishima?” Eri asks Izuku, looking at him curiously.

“He’s basically my brother,” Izuku answers like it’s something he says all the time. “You’re gonna like him a lot, he’s great.”

“FREAKING HURRY EVERYONE!”

“HURRY AND DO WHAT!?”

“ANYTHING!”

“Ohhh, I see,” says Eri, nodding in understanding. “Do you think he’ll like me?”

“Oh he’s gonna love you,” Izuku says with equal confidence as before. “He loves giving hugs, too, as long as you’re cool with it.”

“I like hugs.”

“So do I.”

The pandemonium continues for some time after that—right up until the front door creaks open. Everyone stops dead in their tracks, heads whipping around to look at the door. The sudden silence is almost as startling as the sudden chaos had been.

Kirishima steps inside, fingers still wrapped around the door handle. His hair is bright red, but down so the ends touch his shoulders. It’s the first time Shouto (and the rest of Class 1-A, sans Izuku) has seen him since the incident, and while he definitely looks tired, there’s still something about him that rings yeah, this is the same Kirishima. No doubt about that.

Kirishima blinks at the startled faces of his classmates, now looking just as stunned as they are. He kicks the door shut behind him. “Uhhh… did I miss something?”

The silence is almost louder than the chaos prior, but Eri says, “Hi, Izuku’s brother,” and it’s like the spell is broken and everyone is launched right back into the past insanity.

There’s whoops and shouts and tears and laughter. Shouto hangs back while the rest of the class swoops in on Kirishima in waves, everyone talking at once and not one single word distinguishable. Kirishima is smiling and trying to answer questions when he can, but he looks absolutely thrilled.

Shouto doesn’t speak for all of them, but he’s pretty sure he and everyone else is thrilled, too.

“This piece goes here!” Eri declares, slapping a puzzle piece into place. Kirishima fakes this look of complete awe and astonishment, putting his hands up to his face.

“Wow, that’s really good, Eri!” he says, beaming at her. “I never would’ve gotten that!”

Now that things have calmed down, they’ve returned to puzzles once again as a calm pass-time. Eri is sitting on Kirishima’s lap while Shouto sits beside them, watching more than participating. Satou, Ashido, Hagakure, and Yaoyorozu are currently in the kitchen preparing desserts (Satou wouldn’t let Shouto anywhere near the kitchen after his intimidating threat of “fried ice cream,” which was stupid because it was a good idea), and most everyone else sits on the floor and on the couches, helping Eri with the puzzles.

“Try this one,” Jirou says, passing a piece to Eri. She takes it, petting Fiddlesticks with her other hand. “You might find somewhere for it to fit.”

Of course she finds one immediately, and everyone cheers. Shouto thinks it’s nice that they’re all able to be here together like this once again, just like they did when times were simpler, before Kamino. The fact that things are returning to a sense of normalcy is such a blessing that it feels unreal.

And the normalcy continues when there’s a loud shout down the hall, followed by pounding footsteps. All heads turn towards the source and wait with anticipation.

Izuku suddenly barrels around the corner with face set in stone, running like his life depends on it. The reason for that soon thunders behind him in the form of an angry, combusting Bakugou.

“THAT WASN’T A HANDSHAKE YOU DAMN CAT!” Bakugou screeches; Izuku leaps over the couch with the skill of any parkour artist, and Bakugou leaps right after him (though with less grace). “STOP RUNNING AWAY FROM ME!”

Izuku doesn’t stop running. In fact he runs straight up the cat ramp and dives into the hidey hole at the top. Bakugou skids to a halt below, breathing hard and glaring murderously.

“GET BACK HERE!” he roars.

Izuku’s eyes peer down at him from the hole in front.

“I CAN SEE YOU! COME DOWN HERE AND FIGHT ME!”

Izuku’s eyes disappear and are replaced by his middle finger.

“HEY!”

Kirishima just about dies laughing, as do the other spectators of the scene. And the laughter only redoubles when Eri repeats Izuku’s gesture and Iida begins shouting angrily up at Izuku for it. Izuku doesn’t seem the least bit apologetic (although, eventually they’re able to get him down from the cat walks).

Shouto is smiling along with the others and is just about to join in the conversation when his phone suddenly vibrates. He pulls it from his back pocket, brows knitting together.

Fuyumi…?

He frowns deeper. It’s not like his sister to call out of the blue.

“What’s wrong?” Izuku asks, coming to sit beside him on the floor again.

“Nothing,” Shouto answers, shaking his head and rising to his feet. “It’s just my sister, she probably wants to know how we’re all doing after everything. I’m gonna take this. Don’t wait for me.”

Izuku shrugs and goes back to the puzzle with the others, and Shouto heads down the hall until he’s out of earshot. His classmates’ voices become nothing more than muffled sounds, and he swipes his thumb across the screen and holds the phone to his ear.

“Hey, Fuyumi.”

“Shouto! Oh thank god you picked up. Listen, you have to get down to the hospital. Mom’s hospital.”

He doesn’t think he’s ever heard her sound so urgent before in his entire life. His heart nosedives into his stomach. “What? Why? What happened?”

“There’s—There’s been an attack, Shouto, it’s happening right now and the police don’t know what to do yet—they’re hostages, Shouto, he—he could hurt her, you need to get down here—”

Touya can hear the sirens from here. As he advances down the hallway with long but tentative strides, he hears commotion outside, hears sirens of screeching police cars. Voices call to him on mega phones, demanding he show himself. He doesn't know how many there are, but it has to be a couple dozen. Maybe more.

He finds the door he's looking for, with the nameplate Todoroki right beside it. He holds his breath, lets it out slowly, and pushes the door open.

She's right there as though the chaos isn't even happening, gazing out the window at a forest beyond the red and blue flashing lights. Touya's breath stutters in his chest. The clicking of the door as it shuts behind him is what finally awakens his mother to his arrival.

She turns her head, meets his eyes.

She isn't how he remembered her. The look in her eyes is completely different from way back then. The look in her eyes is gentle, kind, peaceful... he's never seen her look like this before. It throws him a lot more than he thought it would.

He watches those eyes widen as she realizes, and she recognizes him. She knows who he is, even after all these years. Even after all these scars. Even after all he's done.

She's on her feet, and he clenches his teeth because she shouldn’t look at him with eyes like that. No one should look at him with eyes like that.

He’d had a speech prepared. He’d had final words to say. But now all that’s lost and he’s left scrambling for threads of something, anything.

“Say it,” he grinds out through his teeth, fingers curling and uncurling at his sides. “Go ahead. Tell me what you see.”

She steps toward him. His heart hammers against his ribs. Against his conscious will, he takes a step backwards.

“Tell me!” he demands, and this time his hands burn with heat beneath his skin until it hurts. But that’s not the worst of it. “Tell me what you see in me! Go ahead and—”

Her fingers touch his face gently. The words are yanked right back down his throat, and his teeth snap together with an audible sound. He watches the tears well in the corners of his eyes as her fingers slowly graze over his scars with a touch so feather-light he barely feels it, yet so real that it makes his heart skip a beat.

She takes in a shaky inhale through her nose, and when she speaks, it’s with a small, tearful voice.

“I’m sorry.”

No one has ever said those words to Touya before. It throws him. He wants to ask why but the words won't come out. He wants to tell her no because it wasn't her fault but he can't find his voice. Everything he'd planned to say goes right out the window and leaves him with nothing.

She lowers her hand from his face to his shoulder, and she lowers her head until it nearly touches his chest. He's taller than she is by a reasonable margin.

“I’m sorry I didn’t stop it,” she breathes in a shaky voice. “I’m sorry I couldn’t help you. I’m sorry I couldn’t save you.”

Even now, words fail. Even though he knows there’s something he can say, something he should or could say, they won’t come.

“... It wasn’t you,” he manages quietly, barely able to speak around the constricting weight against his throat. “There was nothing you could’ve done to stop what happened. If you could have, then… you would have. It wasn’t you. Or Natsuo. Or Fuyumi. Or Shouto.”

He doesn’t know what triggers it, but that kid, Midoriya. His words flash back to Touya’s mind’s eye, back when they fought, and he doesn’t know why they stirred something, why those words captivated him so even if he hadn’t let it show outwardly.

And there was the fact that Shigaraki changed. Turned from what he was doing and left to start a new life. That spurred something in him, too. A realization that he could.

Rei’s eyes glisten further with tears threatening to spill over, but Touya shakes his head. “You don’t have to apologize again,” he says quietly, and somewhere, his lingering questions find their answers. His final decisions are made and cemented in his heart. “Nothing that happened was your fault. What happened to me, what happened to Shouto, what happened to our family… that wasn’t your fault. And nothing that happens from here on out is your fault, either.”

Rei reaches out to touch his face again, but he steps out to avoid her fingers. “I came here so you knew,” he says, skin burning with flames underneath, “that no matter what happens… my fate isn’t your fault.”

The pain in her eyes fades some, and instead, panic begins to fill them. “T… Touya?”

The fact that she still recognizes him is what really kills him, but he grits his teeth behind his lips and steps backwards towards the door.

“I came to see you,” he says, “one last time. For your peace. For my peace.”

The panic takes over completely, and she starts forward. “T-Touya, what are you—”

“I’m sorry.”

He moves quickly, darting from the room and slamming the door behind him. He hears the lock jingle, feels Rei throwing her weight against it to try and break free, listens to her fists beat against the door.

“Touya! Touya, what are you doing!? Don’t! Whatever you’re doing stop it!”

Touya doesn’t respond. He moves his hands slowly and settles them over the locks, the hinges; blue flames engulf them, and within moments, the door has been welded shut. No one can get in. No one can get out.

“Touya, Touya please! Please stop it! Touya!” Her fists beat against the door harder than ever. Her voice breaks in more places than he can count and he can hear every ounce of desperation, every tear in her voice, but he forces himself to pretend he doesn’t.

He walks down the hall. Turns a corner. Down another hallway. He can’t hear his mother anymore but her voice and her tears echo in his mind over and over again. All he can think is that at the very least, he won’t have to hear it for much longer. The second he steps outside, it’ll be over.

“Villain!” comes the voice over the loudspeakers—he’d heard it before, but this is the first time he’s paying attention. “Come out with your hands up, and we’ll take you peacefully! Don’t try anything clever!”

He wasn’t planning on it. There’s nothing “clever” left for him to do.

He sees the front doors now, the police lights that lie behind. There’s a team with shields and a team behind them with loaded, aimed guns. He’s dangerous. He’s a killer. They won’t do it if they don’t have to but if he puts anyone in further danger, he knows they won’t hesitate. And more importantly, they won’t miss.

Touya takes in a deep breath. He’s made his peace with his mother. That’s all he really wants right now. For his siblings, for Shouto, it’s better off if they keep believing the lie Endeavor told them.

He’s done here. He’s made his peace and now he can face that firing squad. Now at least he has some semblance of peace amidst the mountains of pain and regret.

“Dabi?”

He spins toward the familiar voice, and standing across from him, is Shigaraki.

It’s not the Shigaraki, Touya knows. His hair is a darker, more artificial blue, tucked beneath a black hood. Touya can barely recognize him, but the missing finger on his right hand and the distinguishing scars on his face make it obvious. Four of five fingers on his other hand are curled around the handle of a grappling hook.

Touya grinds his teeth behind his lips. “What do you want, Shigaraki?”

Shigaraki smiles, and it’s not something Touya has ever seen him do before. He’s like an entirely different person. “I’m sorry,” he says, “but I don’t go by that name anymore. I’m Tenko. And, I’m assuming… you’d rather I refer to you as Touya.”

Touya’s fingers curl into fists at his sides. He’s shaking. “You can’t stop me,” he snaps. “There’s nothing you can do that’ll keep me from stepping out those doors.”

“You don’t have to die, Touya,” Tenko says, looking him in the eyes, “and I promised someone near and dear to me that I wouldn’t let you.”

“I can’t live out my life in prison,” Touya bites. “I’ll suffer through every moment, every second, over and over again until it drives me crazy. It’s better this way. It’s better if justice is served now. I came here to die.”

Tenko keeps his eyes on Touya’s face, but something in his expression has softened. He looks down at his hand, the one with four fingers.

“... I understand what you’re feeling,” he says quietly. “Regretting what we’ve done in the past to the point where we wonder if we even deserve to live. But listen, Touya.”

He lifts his head and this time, takes a small step forward. Toward him.

“You can’t put an end to your guilt,” he says, “but you can make a choice, right now. You can step out there in front of that firing squad. You can tell them to give you what you deserve. Or you can come with me and try to right some of these wrongs. You can come with me… and you can be a vigilante.”

Touya hadn’t known what to expect anyway, but this really sends him spiraling. “A vigilante?” he questions, taking a step backwards. “What does that change? What does that prove?”

“It changes what happens to you tonight,” Tenko replies shortly. “And you can prove to yourself, somehow, someday, that your life is worth living.”

“It’s still illegal.”

“I’m still a criminal in society’s eyes,” Tenko says like he’d been rehearsing this, “whether or not the police can disprove it. I would rather spend my days as a vigilante, helping people, rather than run from my own past and stay ahead of it by inches. You can do the same.”

“You can’t redeem what I’ve done.” Touya steps back again, shaking his head. “You can’t fix that, Tenko.”

“You’re right,” Tenko says, “but it’s not about society anymore. It’s about your life. Your choices. And right now, you only have two.”

Touya grinds his teeth again, and he wants to. He wants to do it, he wants to go with Tenko and he wants to try to restart. He doesn’t want to die tonight. Within that moment, that “I don’t want to die” becomes an “I want to live.”

Tenko holds out his hand. His four-fingered one. He’s completely at Touya’s mercy now. “Come on,” Tenko says, looking him in the eyes. “Please. I promise you won’t regret it.”

Touya’s eyes fall on Tenko’s hand. He’s shaking, too. Outside, the sirens flash. The loudspeakers call Touya’s name again, his villain name, and—

His fingers close around Tenko’s.

Rei doesn’t know how they did it. Rei doesn’t care how they did it.

But through eyes blurred with tears and fists raw from beating against the door, her gaze flickers over to the window. The city lights gleam outside. Buildings tower in the darkness.

And she sees two silhouettes leaping from rooftop to rooftop, and one of them releases a small burst of blue flames into the air. Just for her to see.
Chapter 53
Notes:

    SO it's been a while, BUT! here we are, second to last chapter! a lot has happened since I last posted- I moved out of my toxic home, started school up again, been having to work through some resurfacing heart issues, and of course this world as a whole has been... god oh god at least it's almost over, holy crap. so it's been fun.

    but, I really hope you've all been doing well! take care of yourselves, drink water, listen to your favorite song, re-watch your favorite music video, find some old vine compilations to laugh at--be kind to yourself as much as you can. I love you all! I hope you enjoy the chapter ! <3

Chapter Text

Shouto, Fuyumi and Natsuo were briefed on their way in by a grave-faced first-responder and two low-voiced but reassuring Pro Heroes. Their mother is safe and well. They moved her to a different, more secure room and stationed two big-league heroes there, just in case. Whatever this was, while it wasn’t a targeted attack, it was a targeted something of which she was the subject, and they weren’t taking any risks.

She isn’t hurt. That’s all they really need to hear, all Shouto is interested in hearing. She’s okay and she’s in a new room and they can visit her just as soon as the heroes finish their sweep of the hospital.

They don’t speak to each other. Natsuo paces, Fuyumi presses her forehead against entwined hands and Shouto sits on a curb with his elbows on his knees, head bowed and thoughts empty. He wants to think through what just happened—the call from Fuyumi, meeting her and Natsuo at the station, the pounding footfalls that carried them to the hospital, the red and blue lights, the tape, the sirens—but the thoughts refuse to come, even when he prods and pulls at them.

The heroes finish their sweep. They found no suspicious activity outside the obvious break-in, and no stow-aways were uncovered. That’s the final confirmation Shouto and his siblings need. Without speaking, they move as one body, their footfalls a tandem of noise as they sprint for the room the receptionist gave them. His heart pounds and his lungs cry out for the air he isn’t breathing. But he continues to run.

Natsuo gets there first. He flings the door open so hard that it slams the adjourning wall, and Shouto jumps involuntarily while Fuyumi begs him to be careful—but once the bang fades, they’re in the room, and none of that matters anymore.

Mom had been facing the window, but now her head has whipped around toward the noise, toward her children. She’s safe. Unharmed. Uninjured. Unafraid. Fear loosens from around Shouto’s throat and he inhales deeply, repeating the mantra in his head until his heart regains itself.

Mom has always been hard to read. She repressed so much of herself for so long that it’s hard to recapture the vulnerability of who she once was—the vulnerability to freely express without fear of harm. Which, Shouto doesn’t mind. He understands. Even if she were to stay that way forever, he wouldn’t love her or understand her any less.

But he can read her, now. Tears fill her eyes and her smile is warm, but shattered, so flooded with relief it punctured every wall and left brittle transparency behind. Shouto surprises himself by moving first, but Natsuo and Fuyumi aren’t far behind him, and Mom meets them halfway. 

It’s not that he’s never hugged his family before. He’d hug Natsuo and Fuyumi and—and, Touya, he would hug them when he was younger and Endeavor wasn’t looking. And he’s hugged Mom since she was admitted to the hospital. That isn’t the unusual part.

But this is the first time it’s been their family in each other’s embrace. If they’ve ever hugged as a family before, Shouto doesn’t remember. It would have to have been before his Quirk developed, and his memories of a time before the abuse are… spotty, if he’s being generous, but repressed if he’s being honest. He didn’t realize how much he needed this—how much they all needed it. The chains wrapped around his heart break and hit the floor to stay, and he sinks into the arms of his family and breathes.

It doesn’t last long enough. A moment like that couldn’t possibly last long enough. But they pull away eventually, and only after Shouto swipes at his eyes does he notice the rest of the room doing the same. It’s all shaky laughter, tears and smiles for some time after that, relief that tonight’s uncertainty found its resolution in coveted best-case scenario.

“Are you okay?” Natsuo asks, finally lowering his hand back down to his side. “You aren’t hurt, are you?”

Still smiling, half-crying, Mom shakes her head. “I’m fine,” she assures, looking to each of them in turn to make sure they know she means it. “I’m more than fine, honestly. I’m so sorry to have worried all of you.”

“It’s okay,” Fuyumi says, reaching out to rest a hand on Mom’s forearm. “We’re glad you’re safe, that’s all that matters now.”

Shouto is still struggling with words, so he nods. 

“Gods, what the hell even happened?” Natsuo breathes, pressing a palm into his temple. “What was even the point of that? Did the villain really just hit and run without doing anything?”

Mom’s expression flickers, but it’s subtle, and quicker than the flash of a camera. “I’m just glad everyone’s safe,” she says, dodging the question. Her gaze lingers on Shouto; he doesn’t miss that. “It’s like Fuyumi said, that’s all that matters.”

There’s more to it. Shouto’s mind begins to tick for the first time since leaving Heights Alliance.

“Yeah,” Natsuo says, carrying on without having noticed a chance, “I still wish the heroes would’ve caught them. Who knows whether or not you’re safe here anymore.”

“That’s right.” Fuyumi clutches a hand to her chest. “If they got in once, couldn’t they get in again?”

Mom smiles and glances out the window. “They won’t.”

Shouto, Fuyumi and Natsuo follow her gaze, but there’s nothing to see.

“Well, either way, I’m glad you’re safe,” Fuyumi says again. She’s always been good at reminding them of the positives in every situation, and this is no exception. “We can figure out what to do from here later. Until then, I think we deserve some time to be happy together.” With a laugh, she shakes her head. “We’ve definitely earned it.”

“Ah, excuse me?” One of the pros from outside steps into the threshold with an apologetic smile. “Sorry, but we’re still surveilling the surrounding area and visiting times are tight. Could you…?”

“Oh, sure,” Shouto says. He hasn’t spoken in so long that his voice feels strained and awkward. “Can we come back tomorrow?”

“We might still have a clinch on visiting hours,” the hero says, “but I can’t see why you wouldn’t be able to visit.”

“We have to leave now?” Natsuo questions, and Shouto can hear the big brother in him seep through clear as day: the protector, the defender, the one who wished he could have done so much more and is determined never again miss the opportunity to try. “We just got here.”

“Are you sure we can’t have just a few more minutes…?” Fuyumi asks.

The pro looks conflicted. “I can’t really…”

“It’s fine,” Shouto says, turning toward Natsuo and Fuyumi. He has insight into a world that they don’t; these things are complicated, there’s a lot of investigating to be done and if they want to make sure Mom will be safe here, they have to let them do their job. “We’ll visit tomorrow.”

Natsuo and Fuyumi are conflicted—understandably so—but they don’t argue any further. After sharing a glance, they nod.

“Wait.” Mom reaches out, touching Shouto’s shoulder. “Before you go, can I have a moment to speak with you? Alone?”

“Oh,” Shouto says. 

“It’s important,” Mom presses.

Shouto turns toward the Pro Hero first, who nods reluctantly with a murmur of, “Just a few minutes.” Second, he turns to Natsuo and Fuyumi.

“It’s alright,” Natsuo says, already making his way for the door. “We’ll wait outside.”

“Thank you.”

Fuyumi squeezes his hand as she passes. The door behind them closes, and him and Mom are left alone. 

Mom immediately takes both his hands in her own, meets his eyes with intensity that reminds him of tragic times and says, “Shouto, it was Touya. Touya, your brother, he’s—” It hurts, how tightly she clutches his hands. “Dabi. The villain, Dabi. The one who infiltrated this place, it was Touya.”

Shouto’s heart skips a beat and pounds for a moment afterwards, but that’s it. There’s no dramatic gasp, no sinking revelation or feeling that the rug had been pulled out from under him. He squeezes her hands back.

“I know.”

Shouto shows himself out and leaves the pros to do their thing, quickly retracing himself to the entrance and stepping out into cool, damp air. It isn’t raining yet, but it wouldn’t take much to change that, and red and blue lights bounce off puddles of wet asphalt and sidewalks like mirrors.

Touya had visited Mom. They’d talked. He’d left. She didn’t tell Shouto where he went or what their conversation entailed, but she did promise him that she was at peace with it, and that if only he knew, he’d be at peace, too. He can’t say that he agrees, not without knowing for himself, but he can be at peace with his mother’s peace. That’s fine. Now he has to find Natsuo and Fuyumi.

There are a lot of different people crowding the parking lot. Law enforcement, pro heroes, civilians embracing loved ones, news reporters, more civilians recording the scene on smartphones. Shouto weaves his way around them.

“—said we didn’t have to, but we couldn’t just stay, you know?”

“Yeah, know the feeling. Thanks for coming, I appreciate it.”

He recognizes both voices and turns to see Uraraka and Izuku standing with Fuyumi and Natsuo, chatting. Shouto sighs to himself and makes his way over.

“Oh, of course!” Uraraka continues the conversation, nodding. “We love Todoroki, of course we—Todoroki!” Spotted. She waves; Izuku waves; Natsuo and Fuyumi raise a hand in acknowledgment. He’d told everyone at Heights Alliance that they didn’t need to follow him and that he’d be fine on his own, and he’d meant it, but there’s relief to be had in seeing the faces of his friends after such a taxing event. He’s glad they’re here.

So, naturally, the first thing out of his mouth is, “I told you, you didn’t have to follow me.”

Uraraka giggles, embarrassed, and rubs the back of her neck. “Well, it just seemed wrong to leave you to go all by yourself,” she says, “especially in a situation like this. We weren’t about to leave you alone without knowing if you were okay or not.”

“Everyone wanted to come,” Izuku says. His hands are stuffed in his pockets, and Yaoyorozu must’ve gotten into the glow-in-the-dark paint again because there are small pink hearts on his cheeks. “Sero had to restrain a few of them. But, it’s like Ochako said. We weren’t going to let you go alone.”

“And I love you for that,” Natsuo says, reaching out to clap Izuku on the shoulder. Izuku tolerates it; if Shouto knew him less, he wouldn’t have known there was an issue. “Seriously, I can’t thank you enough for looking after Shouto for us. Hope he hasn’t been too much trouble?”

Shouto rolls his eyes. Fuyumi laughs and brushes their shoulders together with an apologetic smile. Natsuo always teased him more than she did; the eye-rolls aren’t even serious reactions anymore, he doesn’t mind being teased by his siblings. After so much brokenness, it’s nice to have the semblance of something normal. 

“Nope, no trouble at all,” Uraraka says with a smile and a shake of her head. “And even if he were, which he isn’t, he’s one of us. We could handle it.”

Izuku nods his agreement, and. Yeah. Shouto is glad they’re here.

Right on cue, Uraraka’s phone dings. “Oh, sorry,” she says quickly, fishing it from her pocket. “One second—oh!” She slaps a palm to her forehead with a disgruntled sound. “I forgot, Yaoyorozu’s waiting for me at the station. I should run.”

“It’s almost our curfew, anyway,” Shouto says. “We should all start heading back.”

“I forged a curfew pass,” Izuku says. “We can be here for as long as we want.”

They all turn to stare at him. Izuku blinks. 

“Aizawa,” he says, in disbelief. “Aizawa gave one to me, are you serious?”

“You’ve done crazier things,” Uraraka says, as simply as she would say anything. “Forging a curfew pass would be the least disbelievable thing you’ve done, actually.”

Izuku doesn’t argue. “Do you want us to walk you to the station, Ochako?”

She shakes his head. “Thank you, but it’s just down the block from here. I’ll manage. Are you two going to walk back?”

Izuku and Shouto meet each other’s gaze with a question. Shouto says, “Yeah, we’ll walk.” Uraraka nods and Izuku stuffs his hands in his pockets.

There just isn’t much left to do or say after that. Uraraka makes for the station; Fuyumi and Natsuo take a cab back to the family house, with a time and promise to meet at the hospital together tomorrow to see Mom; and Shouto and Izuku flank each other and walk in silence.

Things happened quickly. Shouto doesn’t know where to begin processing, and every time he thinks he’s found a good place to start, that place is tied with another place, and he can’t separate the two, and it complicates what he thinks should be an otherwise easy thing to understand. He’s always been good at mitigating family drama; why is this particular family drama different?

“Dabi.” 

Shouto whips toward Izuku, who of course doesn’t look back at him. Sometimes he wonders if being able to warp people’s senses makes Izuku so attuned to people he can intuitively guess their thoughts. Probably not; but that coincidence was not fair.

“Dabi,” Izuku says when Shouto doesn’t respond. “The one with the blue flame, in the League.”

Shouto looks into Izuku’s eyes and knows what he’s about to say. He faces forward again.

“Yeah. I know.”

Izuku isn’t surprised. “How?”

“I don’t know,” Shouto admits, watching his feet carry him forward. “But I think a part of me always sort of knew. At least, I always knew it was just like Touya. Stain’s probably one of the only villains in history to hate Endeavor not because he’s a hero, but because someone like him was able to become one. It just echoed what we’d been screaming for years. We would’ve all jumped on it eventually; Touya just happened to be the first.”

Izuku hums. “Yeah.”

They keep walking.

“Are you okay?”

“Me?” Shouto turns in time to see the tailend of a nod. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m fine. Stunned, I think, but fine.”

Izuku just nods again. “Don’t be afraid to hit me up if that changes. Tonight was shit.”

Shouto sighs. “This part of it was,”  he says. Fuyumi’s frantic voice over the phone call is going to haunt his nightmares for a long time. “I'm still trying to figure out how to react. But I’m glad it’s over.”

“Your siblings are nice,” Izuku says. “Natsuo and Fuyumi. They seem really sweet.”

Shouto's breath catches for a moment before he nods. "Yeah, they are. I'm lucky to have them. I don't know where I'd be otherwise."

"They're lucky to have you, too."

He says it with such sincerity that Shouto can't help but accept it. "Thanks, Izuku.” Time passes, and their footsteps carry them forward in it. “For the record, I'm lucky to have you, too."

“Not as lucky as I am to have you.”

“We can be equally lucky.”

“We most certainly cannot.”

Shouto laughs. It’s freeing. "Whatever you say."

Izuku rolls his eyes. Shouto rolls his eyes back at him. Izuku rolls his eyes harder. Somehow they make it back to the dorm without tripping over themselves. It’s a miracle.

Shouto is really, really glad Uraraka and Izuku came.

"Hey, Kirishima, I think I owe you a soda."

"Where'd that logic come from?" Kirishima quips, frowning and lowering his textbook. "I'm usually the guy that owes you stuff."

"Not this time." Izuku flops down on top of him on the couch; Kirishima raises his arms to free up more space. "You nearly died for me, I think I owe you like. At least two sodas."

"At least two sodas," Kirishima says, and shakes his head against the top of Izuku's. "I feel like I've heard that before."

Cat saunters over to investigate, dropping his head against Izuku's and Kirishima's knees. Izuku reaches out to pet him and Kirishima does the same.

"Either we go out to the shop tomorrow or I bring the shop to you."

Kirishima chortles. "Alright alright alright, dude, we can make a run down there tomorrow."

"You sure you're up for it?"

"Of course. Docs said as long as my ribs healed up alright I'd be good. I've gotta check in with Recovery Girl sometime later on today, but if things look good then I don't see why we can't hit up the soda shop."

Izuku nods, pulling his phone from his pocket and scrolling through it mindlessly. There's nothing new to look at, minus the usual “Kamino Casualty and U.A. Student Expected To Make a Full Recovery: Read More…” Izuku wishes the media weren’t breathing down their neck all the time and wonders how hard it'd be to convince the cats to help him storm their office.

"Dude. You're thinking about sabotaging something, aren't you."

"What makes you say that?" Izuku asks without looking at him, scrolling through his phone again.

"I've known you long enough, man. That look on your face isn't encouraging."

“I strike a lot of things into the hearts of men and encouragement isn’t one of them."

Kirishima sighs. "If you're mad at the press, don't be. Being a part of U.A. just means they're nosy as all hell with our personal lives. There's really nothing anyone can do about it—Aizawa would've taken care of it a loooong time ago if there was. Seriously, don't worry about it."

Izuku heaves a sigh and sinks back further into Kirishima's chest, stroking Cat’s head. Kirishima wraps his arms around him. "Fine."

"Good."

Izuku keeps scrolling while Kirishima browses his textbook. It's quiet in the dormitory today; most of the class is out shopping, Shouto has been in his room since his second visit to his mother in the hospital, and Iida is hosting a study group upstairs with those struggling handfuls amongst their class. Izuku had thought about offering to go with Shouto, but didn't want to impose, and besides, he figured Shouto would need some time to digest all that'd happened, and maybe talk to his mom about Dabi—Touya. He didn't want to intrude, or worse, make either of them uncomfortable as an outsider.

So he and Kirishima have the common room to themselves. Izuku gets up long enough to feed the cats and change out the litter boxes, which is a job he's taken on since day one and a handful of volunteers usually help him carry out, but even that only takes fifteen minutes and then he's back with Kirishima doing nothing.

To do nothing is strange after doing so, so much. This is the first moment of absolute peace that he's had since... Kamino, actually. And Kamino was a while ago.

"I still need to give One For All back to you," Izuku says when he thinks about it.

"Oh yeah, I forgot you had it." Kirishima doesn't sound surprised. "We can do it later."

Izuku nods. He finds an audiobook and leaves just long enough to retrieve his headphones; then he's back at Kirishima’s side to listen while Kirishima studies, and to relish this peace they’ve found for what feels like the first time in forever.

Tomorrow hails Saturday, the glorious weekend, and Eijirou is cleared by Recovery Girl to head downtown to the soda shop—though nothing more, and she doesn't want him out for too long. There's still a danger of him retracting illness from overexertion and relapsing, and that isn't something they can risk. Izuku promises he'll keep Eijirou from doing anything ridiculous, ignores Eijirou’s indignant protests (and after trying so hard to make sure they were convincing indignant protests this time and everything, dagnabbit Izuku), and then they head out.

"Oh, you're wearing the tye-dye!" Eijirou says the moment Izuku steps out of the elevator. “It's been a while since you've worn that one, huh?"

"I guess," Izuku says, with his hands stuffed in his pockets and cats curled around his ankles. Cat flanks him obediently, harness fastened and leash relaxed around Izuku’s wrist. "I have so many hoodies it's really a miracle you ever see me in the same one twice."

Eijirou cackles and shakes his head. "Right, you've actually got a point, there. Well. You ready?"

Izuku nods.

"Make sure you're back before lunch!" Iida hollers at them from the kitchen, and they both jump. How Iida overheard is beyond them, considering the distance between the kitchen and the front door. "We're having curry!"

"Gotcha, Dad Friend!" Eijirou says, throwing a salute that Iida can't see, but can probably assume just by Eijirou’s tone alone. "We'll be back before you know it!"

"I'll keep track of the time," Izuku assures. "Thank you, Iida."

"No trouble at all! Enjoy your time downtown!"

Phones and wallets in hand, they slip on their shoes (Eijirou’s trainers and Izuku's heelys) and make like Google Maps and destination in progress.

The fresh air is nice. It's one of those perfect days—warm, with a cool breeze to balance it out. Hell, even if it wasn’t one of those ‘perfect’ days, Eijirou couldn't have asked for a better day. It’s a day he’s alive, a day he’s with Izuku, a day he’s recovering. Really, what more could he ask for?

They reach the outskirts of Heights Alliance and press further beyond, side by side with Cat on Izuku's left. Eijirou finds quickly that there isn't a lot to talk about, which is unusual for the two of them, but still just as comfortable as if they were making easy conversation. They know each other so well that words just aren't as necessary as they used to be.

"Oh my god." 

The soda shop. There’s nothing wrong with it, but it’s been so damn long since Eijirou’s seen it that it feels surreal. The double-doors, the neon sign, the benches, the glass display windows… what can he say? He’s a sucker for a healthy dose of sentiment and nostalgia.

“What?” Izuku asks. “Is something wrong?”

“No, everything’s right,” Eijirou breathes, “It just, it feels like forever since I've been here, holy crap."

Izuku keeps staring at him. "Not much has changed," Izuku says.

Eijirou exhales through his nose sharply. "Well no, I wasn't out for that long. But still, it's weird to be back after everything. It's almost like coming full circle, you know? That sort of nostalgic deja vu. Y’know. The comforting kind."

“A comforting type of nostalgic deja vu.” Eijirou nods. Izuku frowns. “Huh."

While he shuffles through that, Eijirou gets the door. "After you."

Izuku opens the other door, and after a moment of silently and mutually arguing with each other, they enter at the same time. Eijirou knows he’s too far gone when the welcoming ting-a-ling of the bell almost makes him want to cry.

"Welcome in!" calls a voice from further in. "I'll be with you in just a moment!"

Eijirou’s heart stammers. Izuku’s eyes go wide.

"Is that—?"

Eijirou doesn't have time to finish his thought; the back room door opens and the one who'd called to them steps out. He’s a man of burly frame and stature, with an air of clashing but balanced power and amiability. 

"Alright, what can I do for—?"

Crimson Riot stops short, the grin falling from his face the moment he meets Eijirou’s eyes. Eijirou’s thoughts abandon ship. Crimson Riot blinks hard, and seems even more surprised afterwards.

“... Ah,” Crimson Riot says. For a while, that is all he says. “Eijirou! You’re… you’re up!”

“Crimson Riot,” Eijirou says. He isn’t angry; anger isn’t something he feels toward Crimson Riot anymore. But he is confused. “You... got a job!...?”

“Ah, yes!” Crimson Riot grins, so unsure of himself Eijirou wants to laugh, if just to alleviate the gutting tension in the room. “Been working here for a little over a week, now.”

“Kudos,” Izuku says with a peace sign, successfully gutting the tension in the room. “Knew you had it in you. Wasn’t expecting a soda shop.”

Crimson Riot rubs the back of his neck and looks downward. Eijirou somehow recognizes the gesture; it’s something he does himself when working up the words to say in a situation that’s at least a little awkward. Huh. That’s weird.

“Well, you know how it is,” Crimson Riot says. “Wasn’t much else available, if I’m completely honest. Just needed a place to land for a while so I could move toward a second career.”

“Neat,” Izuku says. He’s the only person Eijirou knows who can say that unironically, entirely deadpan, but still leave the receiver with the impression that he’d meant it sincerely. 

Crimson Riot looks over his shoulder toward the Employee Only door, then back at the duo, wringing his hands together. “I, ah, I’m off in about half an hour for lunch,” he says. “So, if you two, I don’t know, had the time to hang around a while, we could… catch up?”

Eijirou looks at Izuku, who somehow managed to whip his phone out in the time it took for Crimson Riot to finish speaking. “Recovery Girl doesn’t want you out for longer than an hour,” Izuku says, “so as long as there’s nothing else you had in mind to do downtown, I’m good.”

“You don’t mind?” Eijirou figures Izuku would tell him otherwise, but he wants to be sure.

As he figured, Izuku shrugs. “Nope.”

“Yeah,” Eijirou says, turning to Crimson Riot. “Yeah… Yeah, we’ll hang around.”

“Perfect.” Crimson Riot nods, for a lot longer than necessary. Then he steps behind the register. “N-Now, then, what can I get for you?”

“I guess the best place to start would be an apology.”

Eijirou and Izuku sit together with Crimson Riot in the booth opposite of them. Eijirou and Izuku both have their usual raspberry sodas, but only Izuku is drinking his. Crimson Riot hasn’t stopped fidgeting.

“An apology for what?” Eijirou asks. 

Crimson Riot laughs, but it’s a wounded noise. “For what?” he repeats, shaking his head. “For what. Where do you want me to start?”

Eijirou’s feelings are… complicated. It’s hard to tell left and right from them, what’s personal pettiness and what’s there just because it makes sense. And Izuku is no help whatsoever, loudly sipping his soda like it’s the only thing in the world. And Cat’s cutting off the circulation to Eijirou’s foot, too, which isn’t helping things.

But. Mom and Dad talked to him about Crimson Riot— Ryo, distraught in the hospital, practically on his knees in grief and guilt. Complicated feelings or no, Eijirou can’t pretend that didn’t happen. He doesn’t really want to.

“I don’t need an apology from you,” Eijirou says. “Seriously, I don’t. Don’t need it, don’t want it… I’d rather we just learn how to move on from here, if you’re chill with that.”

Crimson Riot stares. He even stops fidgeting for a second, Eijirou really must’ve got him with that. Izuku slurps loudly and it breaks the trance. “I-I mean, sure,” Crimson Riot says, “but I just…” With a heavy sigh he wrings his hands again, shoulders hunching in on himself. “I just want you to know that, I don’t have to be a part of your life.”

Now Eijirou falters. Even Izuku stops drinking. “Eh?”

“What I mean, is,” Crimson Riot presses his hands together atop the table, “just because we met, just because I’m your father in blood doesn’t mean you have to let me into your life. We can agree to part sentimental ways from here, if you’d like. I’ll become ‘the normal guy who works at the soda shop’ and you’ll be ‘that teenager with the really intense friend who comes in from time to time.’”

With the straw still in his mouth, Izuku tosses up another peace sign.

“It can be like that,” Crimson Riot finishes. “I’d understand if you wanted to detach yourself from me, after everything. I want you to know that.”

“Oh, uh.” 

Eijirou blanks. It isn’t like him to blank completely; even at his most desperate he’s usually able to come up with something, even if just a joke to deflect conversation he doesn’t want to have, or something witty to lighten the mood, or something random that’ll baffle the room so much they’ve forgotten what the conversation was in the first place. But there’s nothing. He’s glad Crimson Riot said it, he’s glad that this conversation is happening, but, what next? He doesn’t know.

“You also don’t have to make a decision right now,” Izuku says, over halfway through his soda. He’s third-wheeling like a champ, Eijirou makes a mental note to thank the hell out of him later for going along with all this unbiased. “There’s time. You can decide later.”

“Oh, of course!” Crimson Riot says, nodding frantically and waving his hands. “I never meant for you to feel pressured into making a decision, Eijirou, I just wanted you to know the option was there just in case, but please, take all the time you need—”

“Oh, don’t worry, man!” Eijirou cringes to himself at his own franticness, at his own fidgety mannerisms, at just how many of them mirror Crimson Riot’s. Also he just called Crimson Riot Birth Dad ‘man,’ so that's one for the album. “Yeah, I don’t feel pressured, just kinda all over the place. But I don’t think I want to ignore the fact that you’re my blood dad.”

“Blood dad,” Izuku echoes. 

“My dude it was either blood father or biological dad and my brain chose for me.”

“Blood dad,” says Izuku again, before taking a long slurp of Eijirou’s soda. He’s finished his own already and has moved on.

“I would understand if you felt otherwise,” Crimson Riot says, calling them back to the conversation at hand whether or not he’d meant to. Clearly it’s distressing him a lot more than it’s distressing Eijirou. It makes him feel a little guilty. “All you have to do is say the word and I’ll treat you just like I’d treat any stranger.”

Eijirou takes his time with his words. Unlike before, the words are there this time, it’s just a matter of how to string them and which ones to use.

“I appreciate it, I think,” Eijirou says, “since I know where you’re coming from. But I don’t wanna pretend you aren’t my biological father and I don’t think dancing around the awkwardness is gonna work for us. You can’t tell me it won’t be awkward no matter how hard we try and pretend it isn’t.”

Crimson Riot’s shoulders slump in defeat. “I guess you do have a point, there.”

“And I don’t hate you,” Eijirou says. Saying the words out loud helps cement them in his head. No matter what he felt toward Crimson Riot, genuine hate was never it. “I don’t think I wanna, y’know, fling you back into my life and force a connection after a lot of… crap and time and baggage.”

Crimson Riot nods, slowly. He’s stopped fiddling, his hands coming to rest entwined on the tabletop. “Of course.”

“But I think it’s okay to, like, acknowledge each other?” Eijirou leans back, thinking. “Like, I don’t think I wanna hear you call me son or anything, but I’d be down to hang out during your lunch break or something, or if you have a day off and wanna chill. I think I’d be cool with that.”

Crimson Riot perks up, for the first time since he welcomed them into the soda shop. “You would be?”

“I don’t see why not,” Eijirou says. “I can’t promise I won’t have a bodyguard.”

“Intense friend,” Izuku corrects, with no real correction in his tone.

“That,” Eijirou says, “and, it’ll probably be a while before my doctors decide I’m well enough to be out on my own for an extended period of time, and the first couple of times will probably be awkward as all hell, but… I dunno, you’re my biological dad. I’m your biological son. You’re a former pro-hero. I’m a pro-hero in training. Feel like there’s a lot we could learn from each other outside of just, being curious and wanting to get to know you better, y’know?”

“Oh.” It takes a moment to settle in, but then it does, and Eijirou can pinpoint the exact moment. “Oh! Yes!” Crimson Riot is trying not to grin, he can tell, but he isn’t doing a very good job of it. Which is fine; Eijirou can’t suppress his smile, either. “Yes, that would be… that would be great, Eijirou. I’d love to get to know you better as a person.”

Eijirou didn’t know the weights were on his chest. But they’re lifted now. He breathes deep and relishes it, then caps it off with a lopsided grin. “You too.”

“Now, your injuries.” Crimson Riot becomes serious again, leaning forward and folding his hands. “Are you healing up alright?”

They talk for the rest of Crimson Riot’s lunch break, flip-flopping between grievous topics like Eijirou’s wounds and slow but steady recovery to more lighthearted topics like new class schedules and the most recent dormitory prank and how much homework sucks (a lot, it sucks a lot). The lunch break doesn’t last forever, unfortunately, but it ends with the promise to continue another time, and it’s a promise Eijirou is excited to play a part in keeping.

“I’ll be around,” Crimson Riot says, on his feet and making his return to the counter. “You know where to find me.”

Eijirou’s cheeks hurt with a smile he can’t chase down. “The sewers?”

Crimson Riot laughs. “I meant here. But, fair enough. Fair enough. I’ll see you later, Eijirou.”

“You, too, Ryo.”

Crimson Riot—Ryo—offers one last warm smile before slipping beyond the Employee Only doors. Izuku slides Eijirou’s soda back toward him half-gone, but Eijirou doesn’t complain, just readjusts the bend of the straw and watches the door close on Ryo’s back.

“That was nice,” Eijirou murmurs.

Izuku nods. “He was there, you know.”

“There where?”

“At Kamino, when you took the hit for me.”

Eijirou spins. “What?”

“After you went down,” Izuku says, “All For One fired a second round at us, but Crimson Riot leapt in at the last second and held back the blast. We would both be dead if he hadn’t been there.”

“Wh—” Eijirou chokes and splutters, and he hasn’t even taken a sip of soda yet. “Why didn’t you  say something?”

“It never came up.”

“He was right there!” 

“It wasn’t the time. Are you going to drink your soda?”

“Eugh, fine.” Eijirou sighs. He’s not really mad, Izuku knows that, but, “Just, tell me next time something big like that happens, alright? I’d appreciate it.”

“Sure.”

Eijirou takes a monstrous gulp of soda, swallows, and instant regret slaps him high and mighty in the face because what is wrong with the soda. 

“You tasted this, didn’t you?” Eijirou raises the glass up to the light, squinting. “The texture is really off, you didn’t notice anything?”

“I ground up a piece of my hair and dumped it in.”

Eijirou sets down the drink. “Youdidwhat.”

“One For All,” Izuku says, swishing around his empty cup needlessly without breaking eye contact. “Couldn’t think of a more opportune time to give it back to you argument-free, so, there we go. Congratulations, it’s an eleventh holder.”

“Wait, hold on, you ground up your hair?”

“That’s the least consequential thing I did leading to this conversation.”

“When did you—”

“I’ve been carrying it around in an old breath mint case since this morning.”

Eijirou doesn’t know how to swing that. He tries, opening and closing his mouth a few times with no success. The words won’t come, which happens every here and there but it’s weird that it happened twice in such a short time.

“It was either this or you swallow a piece of my hair whole,” Izuku says. “And, I don’t know why, but something told me that wouldn’t be very cash money. I got cat hair in my mouth last week and was not about to put you through that. So.” A gesture. “I thought soda would soften the hurt.”

“Because soda’s a soft drink?”

“Nevermind, I’ll just give you the hair whole next time.”

Eijirou barks a laugh. “Dude, no, I’m kidding.”

“Really.” Izuku isn’t amused. “Because I think you’re lying.”

Eijirou doesn’t deny it, just shrugs with another shorter, quieter laugh. Izuku swishes his straw around his empty cup and Eijirou stares into his quarter-filled one. At his feet underneath the table, Cat shifts and pins and needles crawl up Eijirou’s ankles.

“You know you didn’t have to give it back to me,” Eijirou says, quiet. 

Izuku does not like that. “What are you talking about?  Of course I was going to give it back, it’s your Quirk.”

“But I gave it to you,” Eijirou presses, clenching his hands just enough to feel the bite of fingernail in his palms. “That’s the nature of One For All, it’s passed down from person to person by the wielder’s own choice, and, if I chose to give it to you, then—“

“Then I, as the next holder, chose to give it back,” Izuku finishes, in a voice that says he’s already made up his mind about this conversation and won’t be convinced. “That was my choice. I’m not going to take your Quirk from you, not when I already have enough going on with my own. Seriously. Keep it.”

Eijirou sighs, but there’s no arguing with him on this one. And he already took Izuku’s DNA; he’ll be feeling One For All’s curdling, crackling presence soon enough. “Alright, alright. Thanks.”

Izuku shrugs. “Like I said, my choice.”

“Right.” Eijirou smiles.

Eri, Iida and Yaoyorozu have another puzzle in the works when Kirishima and Izuku return. Eri notices them first, shouting their names and leaping from the couch into their arms. 

“Aww, hey!” Kirishima gives her a squeeze before pulling away to ruffle her hair. “You guys doing another puzzle?”

Eri nods, giving Izuku a tight hug that neither of them pull away from. “We’ve done a lot of them so far!” 

“We had to upscale the difficulty quite a few times, as well,” Iida says, straightening his glasses (they didn’t need to be straightened, of course, it’s just Iida). “The hundred piece puzzles soon proved to hardly be a challenge to her.”

“Is that so?” Kirishima turns toward her. “Dang, that’s pretty rad! What’re you doing now, huh? Two hundred piece puzzles? Five hundred piece puzzles?”

Eri, still hugging Izuku, says, “Two thousand piece puzzles.”

Kirishima’s eyes blow wide. “Oh! How fun!” And then, when Eri isn’t watching him, he mouths, Two thousand piece puzzles!? widely to Iida and Yaoyorozu.

“Yes, well, she picks it up fast!” Yaoyorozu says, making her way toward them. “Tsuyu and I had to go into town and everything just to pick up new ones—oh! That reminds me, Izuku. We got something for you.”

Izuku is in the process of hoisting Eri onto his shoulders. He secures her there before saying, “Oh? What is it?”

Yaoyorou turns toward the kitchen and opens one of the lower cabinets. “Well, we weren’t entirely sure if it was something you would be interested in,” she says, reaching in, “but, we thought, what with all the cats, it might be a nice, welcomed addition into our little…” She pauses, and Izuku can practically see the words bounce before her eyes. “... Family.”

“Yes,” Iida says clinically, but sincerely, too, somehow (again—just another one of those Iida things). “We are a family.”

Kirishima snorts. “You guys are just noticing that now?”

“I’m disowning Bakugou,” Izuku and Eri say at the same time.

From the floor above them comes a loud, muffled, “I heard that!” Under his breath, Kirishima breathes, “How the hell did he hear that…?”

“Izuku.” Yaoyorozu stops before them, cradling a small potted plant with leafy bundles and bushy stems. “Eri helped us pick this one for you.”

Izuku looks up at her. “Really?” 

Eri nods, her hands buried in his faded-green hair. “It’s catnip!” she says. “You can make tea out of it, and cats like it!”

“You can make tea out of it?” Kirishima pokes the plant, like that’ll somehow answer the question of whether or not he can make tea from it. “I didn’t know that.”

Iida nods. “Catnip actually has a surprisingly moderate range of beneficial properties to both humans and cats.”

“And dogs,” Eri stresses.

Iida nods again. “In moderate amounts, of course, there are some benefits to dogs as well.”

“That was… really thoughtful of you,” Izuku says finally, reaching out to take the plant from Yaoyorozu. He memorizes its weight in his palms before he hands it up to Eri to hold, at least while she’s still on his shoulders; he would never forgive himself if he were to drop her. “Can you hold on to that for me?”

Eri nods.

“Thank you, Eri. And thank you, Yaoyorozu. I’ll be sure to let Tsuyu know the same the next time I see her.”

“Oh, it’s no trouble at all,” Yaoyorozu says breezily, brushing it off with a waving hand. “We weren’t sure if you were much of a plant person, so it was a bit of a risky gift, but I’m truly happy you like it. Tsuyu will be thrilled to hear so, too.”

“We should give it a name,” Kirishima says, snapping his fingers. “Yeah! That’s it, we’ll give it a name!” 

“A name?” Eri examines the plant, blinking curiously. “What type of names would you give a plant?”

“Oh, I can think of all sorts of names!” Iida says, leaping up from his chair like he’s about to drop some bars on a rap battle. “Yes, there’s no shortage of options when it comes to naming a plant. It all depends on the case and personality, of course, but I can definitely help you brainstorm a few ideas!”

“Personality…” Eri pokes one of the leaves. “It’s soft, does that count?”

“Not exactly a personality trait,” Iida says, “but I will allow it, yes! Anything else?”

Eri continues to examine the plant, but it’s clear that she’s running low on ideas. “It makes cats happy…? And you can make tea out of it.” A moment. “I don’t think any of that would make a very good plant name.”

“That’s quite alright, we’re on the right track. Don’t lose heart!”

“How about we name it Fred?” says Kirishima.

“Kirishima, I said don’t lose heart!”

“Hey, Fred is a perfectly valid plant name!”

“What does the name ‘Fred’ have to do with catnip?” 

“I don’t know, what does your name have to do with being a hero? I don’t see any attributes of a crime-fighting people-saver in your name.”

“Did you just call the act of heroism crime-fighting people-saving?”

“And I called a plant Fred, what of it?”

“We’re naming the catnip plant Dog,” Izuku says.

The resounding silence is oh so satisfying. The resulting chaos is even more so.

“No! No! We are not naming the catnip Dog!” 

“Fred’s lookin’ pretty good right now, ain’t it, Dad Friend?”

“Fred is equally bad; however Fred will not haunt me the same way that Dog will.”

“I’ve already conferred with the counsel,” Izuku says. He looks up. “Right, Eri?”

Eri nods. “I like ‘Dog’ a lot.”

“The counsel’s verdict: ‘dope.’”

It really isn’t fair to poor Iida, he never stood a chance up against Eri’s agreement. But at the end of the day, it’s enough that Eri is satisfied; and it is Izuku’s plant, after all. Iida acquiesces. 

“Alright,” he says, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Alright. I can… accept Dog as an official name. If the council insists.”

“It does,” Izuku says. “On this day we welcome Dog the catnip plant into our family of varying degrees of disaster.”

Eri hoists up the plant. “Here, here!”

“Now we have a dog named Cat and a catnip plant named Dog,” Iida murmurs to himself, like he’s coming to the realization slowly, spoken word by spoken word. “Well, at least we don’t have any cats named Dog,” he settles on, with something of a relieved smile. “That would be rather chaotic, don’t you think?”

“Wait,” Kirishima whips toward him, “you didn’t know about Puppy?”

Iida’s smile twitches. “I’m sorry?”

“Kidding.”

Iida heaves a sigh, closing his eyes and placing a hand over his heart. “Oh, thank goodness.”

“We’re going to go find a good place for Dog to sit,” Izuku says, making his way toward the elevator with Eri on his shoulders, Dog in her hands and Cat treading alongside them, tail swishing. “Kiri-chan, you wanna come?”

“Oh, yeah!” Eri twists around to see him. “You should come!” 

“Ah, sorry, I need to meet with Recovery Girl,” Kirishima says. “She’s going to check on my ribs. Thanks, though. You guys just find a really good spot for it and show me when I get back, how does that sound?”

Eri’s face falls, but only for a moment. At the end of the day, she is a child who’s been through more than she should have and, unfortunately, understands the weight and importance behind Kirishima’s checkup. “Alright. Good luck! I hope everything’s okay.”

Kirishima waves it off. “Nah, I’m fine. It’s just protocol these days, don’t worry. I’ll catch up with you later, alright?”

Eri nods. 

“Don’t strain yourself,” Izuku says. It’s a warning.

Kirishima snorts. “When do I ever?”

Their bemused stares don't at all daunt his smile.

“So I’m still wondering whether this makes me the ninth holder or the eleventh holder,” Eijirou says. “We never actually got the chance to settle that.”

“You can settle it after you’ve taken ample time off to rest and recuperate,” Recovery Girl scolds, in a tone like he’s done something wrong when he knows for a fact that he has not done anything wrong, thank you, Recovery Girl, we love you but seriously I didn’t do anything wrong this time for once. “I know it’s healthy for you to be up and about with your friends, and I know you would rather keep moving forward than take that time to recover, but you can’t brush your well-being off for very long before it comes to bite you.”

Eijirou’s legs, previously swinging off the side of the examination table, come to a halt. “Wait, but I thought you said everything was healing well…?”

“It is,” Recovery Girl says, flipping through her clipboard. “But because I know you, and because I know what kind of trains-of-thought you One For All holders tend to operate under—” She sends Toshinori a mauling glare, “—I’m simply telling you as a precaution. And as a warning to take care of yourself while you still have the chance.”

“Right, alright, I’ll keep it in mind,” Eijirou says. She gives him a look. “I swear I will!” he defends, maybe unnecessarily, but under that questioning gaze? His guard is up. “Okay, I’ll do more than keep it in mind, I’ll do everything I can to take it to heart.”

“Good.” She squeezes his knee just a little too hard, hops off her stool and makes for the door, just like that. “Well, that’s all from me. You’ve heard it all before—don’t strain yourself, let me know the moment something changes for the worst, and rest. I don’t want to hear that you’ve been pulling late nights until I’ve completely cleared you. Understand?”

Eijirou offers an okay hand. “Got it, don’t worry.”

She gives him another look, gives the same look to Toshinori, then shuts the door on her way out. Eijirou releases a long breath. Physical exams are a specific type of grueling, especially when Recovery Girl is involved. He definitely can do a better job at taking care of himself—maybe that’s why he’s so defensive. Self-care is hard.

“You alright?” Toshinori asks.

Eijirou’s head snaps back up. “Oh, I’m fine!” he says. “Yeah, totally fine, she’s just really intense sometimes, why do you ask?”

Toshinori shakes his head. “No reason,” he says, which means there’s definitely a reason. “I’m glad you’re recovering well.”

“Yeah.” Desperation, a leap, blinding white-hot pain and agonized screams. Eijirou chases the memories away best he can. “Yeah, me too.”

The silence holds the space between them. Eijirou clutches the edge of the examination table.

“Are you upset that I gave One For All to Izuku?”

Toshinori splutters. “What gave you that idea, my boy?”

“Erm…” Eijirou fidgets, which, he’s never been a fidgeter, why is he fidgeting now of all times. “I guess, I did… ?” He sighs, dropping his head and letting his shoulders sink along with it. “I don’t know. I just, One For All’s supposed to be this really epic, sacred thing that you need to be super careful about and I sort of, just… gave it away without thinking? I panicked,” he corrects, allotting  himself just a little grace, “I definitely panicked. But maybe—I don’t know.”

“Kirishima.” Toshinori settles both hands on Eijirou’s shoulders and crouches to meet his eyes straight. “Listen. Listen. You were put in a situation with an impossible choice you shouldn’t have had to make on your own. In the moment, you did whatever you could—whatever felt right. At the end of the day, it is your Quirk. What you do with it, how you use it, who you give it to—that’s your decision.”

“So you aren’t upset?”

Toshinori squeezes his shoulders and shakes his head. “I’m not upset with you for giving One For All to Midoriya,” he says. “I’m only upset that you had to make that decision on your own in a situation so dire.”

“He gave it back to me,” Eijirou says. Toshinori straightens up. “I told him he didn’t have to, but he said pretty much the same thing you did—that it was his Quirk and what he did with it was his choice.”

“Well, Midoriya is right.” Toshinori lets a single hand linger on Eijirou’s shoulder. It’s grounding. “But, try not to worry about all of that for now, alright? The only thing you have on your plate from now until you’ve made a full recovery is rest.”

Eijirou salutes. “Got it.”

Toshinori smiles, if a little fragile (there’s more he wants to say, Eijirou can tell), before he lets his hand drop from Eijirou’s shoulder. “I should be going. I’m meeting with Nedzu to talk about security.”

“Ooo, good luck.”

Toshinori sighs. “Hopefully this’ll be the last time,” he says, turning away. “Try and get some rest today, kid, alright? Keep me posted.”

“I will.” Toshinori reaches for the door knob. “Hey, Toshinori-san.”

Toshinori stops with the door half open and looks back. Eijirou meets his gaze without falter.

“For what it’s worth,” he says, “I’m glad Izuku gave it back to me. I would’ve respected his decision if he kept it, too, for sure. But I’m proud of being your successor, and, I dunno. I’m glad I still can be.”

The question ebbs from Toshinori’s eyes. The lingering fear, the lingering tension, it melts away like frost beneath the rising sun. When Toshinori smiles again, it isn’t strained anymore, and it reaches his eyes the way Eijirou knows it should.

“Thank you, my boy,” Toshinori says. “I’m proud to call you my successor. I hope you never forget that.”

Eijirou returns it with a grin of his own. “I won’t.”

Shouto misses Touya.

Longing wasn’t an encouraged thing to feel in the Todoroki household, growing up. Endeavor berated them for expressing any sort of unfulfillment or unhappiness—what more could they ask for? Their father was one of the mightiest heroes in the world. Their Quirks were strong and he was going to make sure the ones with potential were honed. They had nothing to be ungrateful for and ungratefulness was punished severely.

But now he doesn’t have to worry about the dictator’s hammer—only his heart’s empty portion where Touya used to be, reopened after the confirmation that Dabi and Touya are, in fact, the same person. He’d known it somehow, in the deepest parts of his essence—the parts he was conditioned to stuff since before he knew what memories were. Why hadn’t he said something? Should he have said something? Why’d he let it go for so long when his brother was right there?

All he’s done so far today is lie on his bed and stare up at the ceiling. Or, a combination of staring at the ceiling, draping an arm over his eyes, rolling over on his side and staring at the opposite wall, rolling over to the opposite side, then staring up at the ceiling again, flat on his back with blankets flat beneath him and pillow on the floor.

There are thoughts and feelings there, he’s sure of it. He’ll be feeling the brunt of them later. But for now he’s dwelling in a space suspended between what is surreal and what is reality, and the only catchable thing amidst the fleeting thoughts tearing through his mind is why hadn’t he said something sooner?

Dabi is Touya. Touya is a vigilante with Shigaraki, who is Tomura, who is Izuku’s cousin. Victims turned villains turned ex-villains turned vigilantes. That’s all… a thing that happened that he needs to process through at some point. He’s already processed through it, and it’s okay, and he gets it, but now it’s just a matter of learning how to move forward without letting it consume every waking moment in between now and seeing Touya again.

Like now, staring at the ceiling with his forearm draped across his forehead, vision lazy. One of Izuku’s cats is playing with the corner of his comforter dangling over the bed. He really needs to process, to think some of this through. Unpack.

His phone buzzes. It takes several minutes before he registers the information enough to reach over and snag it.

[KitCat]
Hey. How’s it going?

He doesn’t recognize the name, but knows who it is without needing to. Sitting up, he scratches the cat behind the ears before answering.

[Cool Watermelon]
Doing alright so far. Thinking a lot.
My thoughts are bouncing around a lot without knowing where to land.
Also why the name changes

[KitCat]
A new era.
Wait hold on.

[KitCat ^. .^]
there we go.
now the new era can begin.

[Cool Watermelon]
All hail the new era

[KitCat ^. .^]
all hail.
How’s the thinking going?

[Cool Watermelon]
It is going

[KitCat ^. .^]
That is never a good sign.

[Cool Watermelon]
It’s not meant to be

Shouto sighs, flopping back onto the mattress with the phone over his face, arms outstretched. The cat takes this as her chance to snuggle into the junction between his shoulder and neck while he finds out how to word his next response.

[Cool Watermelon]
Still kind of hard to wrap my head around everything that happened.
I’m at peace with it
it’s just hard to believe and a lot to try and think about all at once

[KitCat ^. .^]
yeah that makes sense I get that
Is it just the Touya stuff, or?

[Cool Watermelon]
Touya stuff mainly, but it’s more than that.
Stuff with my mom, too. Stuff with Endeavor.
I’m meeting Fuyumi and Natsuo for dinner tonight to kind of. I don’t know. Talk?
We havent had the chance to talk talk since we were…
Since ever, maybe.

[KitCat ^. . ^]
I’m glad that you’re doing that
I hope it goes well

[Cool Watermelon]
Thanks
until then I’m just going to be trying to find something to do
haven’t done much today aside from some homework this morning

[KitCat ^. .^]
Are you on the market for finding something to do or do you just want to have time to  yourself
Because there’s somewhere I need to be this evening but other than that I’m open

[Cool Watermelon]
I think I just need some time to myself for now.
Just to think through stuff on my own.
But thanks.

[KitCat ^. .^]
for sure, np.
lmk if there’s anything I can do or if you change your mind.

[Cool Watermelon]
I will. thanks.

[KitCat ^. .^]
<3

[Cool Watermelon]
<3
where you headed off to this evening?

[KitCat ^. .^]
somewhere important that I haven’t been in a while

When Izuku is involved, vague can mean anything. Anything. But when Izuku is involved, important isn’t a word he throws around lightly, if at all. Wherever this place is, it isn’t something to be pressed or taken lightly. Shouto can respect that.

[Cool Watermelon]
Alright. Be safe. And good luck.

[KitCat ^. .^]
thanks. and good luck to you, too.

Shouto settles the phone on his chest and looks up at the ceiling a while longer, noticing a small knot that he hadn’t before. How can you stare at a ceiling for hours and not notice? Maybe he should have taken Izuku up on his offer until it’s time for him to meet Fuyumi and Natsuo. It’s not too late, he’s sure Izuku wouldn’t mind.

His phone buzzes again. This time, though, it keeps buzzing. Shouto lifts it off his chest.

[ XXX-XXX-XXXX - Unknown Number]

Shouto tries not to make a habit of answering numbers when he doesn’t know who’s on the other line—some leftover part of him afraid it’ll be either Endeavor or some villain who can only trace him if he answers their calls. So he presses Decline, settles back against the mattress and shuts his eyes.

Only, the phone rings again. Same combination of numbers, just as unknown as the first time. Shouto frowns and declines it once more, but doesn’t settle back. Then the phone rings again, and once determining the same number called him three times, he swipes to answer and presses it against his ear.

“Hi, can I help you?”

“Yeah, actually, know any good coffee shops? Thinking about ordering a large cup of whipped cream just to see what happens but I need it to be a place with a good enough reputation for me to shake them to their core.”

Shouto shoots upright, heart in his throat, hardly acknowledging the angry yowl of the cat as she’s disturbed. “Touya?”

There’s a light chuckle from the other end of the line. Shouto didn’t think he remembered how Touya laughed. “Hi, Shouto. Long time no talk, I guess.”

Shouto leaps out of bed, suddenly unable to keep still in a way he’s never been before. “Touya, I—where are you? Are you—”

“No, I’m not close. Me and Shiga—Tenko, we’ve been city-hopping a lot just trying to find a place to start over. Don’t wanna do it anywhere too close to where the League was taken out, it’d look suspicious. Tenko’s getting us hooked up with another group of vigilantes, but it’s been hard to plan stuff, y’know, with both the hero and the villain sides of society breathing down our necks.”

Shouto’s out of breath. He doesn’t even know why. “That makes sense.” He sits down in front of the window, legs crossed and hands clutching the phone. “I—Sorry, it’s been so— long, Touya, how are you?”

“I’m fine, I’m fine. Real question is, how are you?”

“I, I’m fine,” Shouto says, “I was just—just thinking about you, before you called.”

“Oh.” Another laugh, but Shouto can hear the guilt in it, like it’d been spat at him. “Well, speak of the devil, huh?”

“I hear you’re a vigilante now,” Shouto says. There was no thought behind the words, it was just an observation, but maybe he could have been less direct about it in hindsight.

Nonetheless, Touya doesn’t seem to mind. “That’s the idea, yeah. Vigilante might not suit us yet, since we haven’t had the chance to do much vigilantism. But that’s the goal. How do you… I don’t know, how do you feel about that?”

“About you being a vigilante?”

“Yeah.”

Shouto takes a moment. That’s something he’d never considered. “I don’t care? Yeah, I don’t care. As long as you aren’t hurting innocent people, you’ll hear no complaints from me.”

“Oh, for real? I wasn’t expecting that reaction, I was thinking you’d be a lot more… upset.”

“I’m not,” Shouto says. “I do want you to be careful, though. Keep your eyes open and don’t get caught.”

“Yeah, me and Tenko are already way ahead of you on that. We’re gonna have more disguises and aliases than we know what to do with, and then we’re gonna find something to do with all of them.”

“Sounds like a plan.”

“It is.” He can hear the nod. “Gods, Shouto. You have no idea how weird it is to hear your voice this way, without the ‘villain versus hero’ shtick. I missed it.”

Voices are typically the first thing Shouto forgets. Smells give him nostalgia, negative and positive; sensations elicit flashbacks, pleasant and unpleasant; hindsight offers perspective, comparisons. Aside from volume and specific words, voices have never done that to Shouto.

But Touya’s voice does, now that he’s let himself accept that it’s Touya. Memories he thought he’d forgotten, memories he’d shut out, memories he thought he’d wanted to forget and is now glad he didn’t. It’s all there, every moment, and Shouto clings.

“I think I do understand what it’s like,” Shouto says. “I missed it, too. But I still don’t know how I didn’t accept it was you sooner, your voice is a dead, dead giveaway.”

“Yeah, well. I was in a pretty shitty place. I’ll probably still be in a shitty place until I’ve worked out the whole ‘new identity’ thing. But I’m finally starting to move forward, figuring out where my place is goes in all of this… world, society, life stuff. Hero Killer’s still rad as hell, though.”

Shouto exhales a sort of half-laugh. “You didn’t hear that from me.”

“Yeah, yeah.” There’s a rustle, like Touya had been sitting and is just straightening up. Or maybe he’d been standing and is now sitting down—it’s hard to say. “Wellp, Tenko and I are splitting town tonight, so we’re gonna get a move on.”

Shouto’s heart lurches against his ribs. “I understand,” he says, trying to mask the disappointment.

He must not have masked it well enough, because, “But I wanna talk again soon,” Touya says quickly. “Soon, alright? I mean it. I’ll give you a call just as soon as we’ve settled somewhere more permanent. Be ready.”

Shouto smiles. “I’ll be looking forward to it. Take care of yourself, Nii-san.”

“You, too, Shou.” 

Click.

Shouto exhales harsher, more breathy, a somewhat hysteric giggle forcing its way through his teeth as he tries to clench them against it. He presses his phone to his forehead and folds in on himself, cheeks sore and chest aching with something other than the usual heartwrench.

He turns his phone from Vibrate to Ringer.

Eri and Izuku found a good place for the catnip plant, Dog, in the windowsill of Izuku’s room after chasing out the resident cats to ensure they didn’t tickle themselves over it. Eri was thrilled, and Izuku couldn’t help but smile with her, of course. Smiling hasn’t been a burden on his shoulders these days, not like it used to be. It’s become something almost natural, if he’s allowed to experience emotions in a natural way (and, if these past few years have proven anything to him, it’s that he is).

Eri finished the puzzle with Iida and Yaoyorozu, finding the last piece after a vigorous search on the floor from where Fiddlesticks leapt onto the table and scattered a half a dozen pieces. Iida hoisted Eri into the air triumphantly and all present gave their hands in applause. Cat even howled, which was the first dog-like sound Cat made in a long time.

Izuku scheduled a meeting with Aizawa after that to talk about Glitch and what he’d done to Overhaul. There was a long, overdue conversation to be had, there. Izuku wasn’t ready for it, but it was overdue for a reason; they should have had it closer to the incident itself, but they’re well past that, and now they have to retrace their steps before finding the best path forward. He should probably talk to Mom, too.

But, for now—for this evening’s now, the only now he has—Izuku misses his sister, and he picked a bad day to bring flowers.

The wind sweeps their petals up with it while all he can do is stand and watch, and it won’t be long before stems are all that remain, and then those’ll be blown away, too—it’s a windy day. Wind picked a really bad day to be so up in his business. But he could never imagine visiting Kowareta’s grave without flowers these days. She deserved wonderful things while she was alive; the sentimental part of him hopes she’s enjoying wonderful things, now, and bringing flowers feels like the right thing to do.

“Hey, Ko.” 

Wind carries more petals away and dries the gentle sting in his eyes.

“I gave One For All back to Kirishima,” he says, unable to keep eye contact with her tombstone. “I was never interested in keeping it. Midas’ Gold—erm, Glitch. S’ giving me enough run for my money as it is without an entirely new, conceptually complicated Quirk on top of it. Besides, I don’t want that sort of power. I’m not the type of person who can wield it without it eventually consuming me.”

She deserves a place to rest like this. A place by the ocean, overlooking the sunset, painted in gold like the Quirk she would have used to save so many people. She would have saved so many people. Izuku’s fingernails bite his palms.

“So. I’ll be visiting more often,” he says. The word promise isn’t said, but that’s how he means it, and if she were here for him to tell it to her face, she’d understand. “Like a lot more often. As often as I can.” Shaky, he laughs, and curls his shoulders to brace against it. “That’s pretty little-brother of me, isn’t it? Not leaving you alone, even… even now.”

He’s rambling, but, he knows she wouldn’t mind it. She always seemed happy, in the rare times he felt comfortable enough to speak more than a few words at a time. She was a rambler, too, and he would listen just as attentively. With a sharp breath he stuffs his hands as deep into his pockets as they go, and rocks his weight from the heels to the balls of his feet.

“Anyway, I just wanted you to know I’ll be here again soon.” The sunset on the ocean is beautiful. She would really like it. “And that I’m going to keep using our Quirk to help people, like you always wanted. I’m going to keep making you proud, Ko, you’ll see.”

The last petal is carried away on the wind.

“You’ll see.”

I do see. 

Izuku’s head snaps up and his eyes fly open. There’s no reason to look from the source of the voice; he knows where it came from. He knows who it belongs to.

I’m already so proud of you. 

So proud of you.

Imprint.

Tears burn his eyes and this time the wind can do nothing to chase them away.

She would have changed the world with her Quirk if only she’d been given the chance. Pockets of the world; the parts of the world she could feasibly touch, and then just a little bit farther. She would have been amazing and he isn’t going to let her legacy go unremembered, for as long as he lives and then beyond that, if he has anything to say about it.

But that’s the future. That’s tomorrow. In this moment, now, he’s just Izuku, and he allows himself the respite of missing his sister.

He wakes up the next morning with an ache in his muscles, a pain in his head and a familiar heat in his ears that at once sparks the realization, Ah, I’m sick. 

Groggily, he pushes himself up right with his palms flat against the mattress, eyes cast toward the sunlight already spilling into his room. It’s still the weekend (he thinks—or it’s Monday and he’ll be getting an earful from a teacher soon depending on what time it is). He unsuccessfully tries to blink the blur from his vision and paws at the bedside table until his fingers find his phone. It’s apparently already 10:42am, which means it’s probably still the weekend because someone would have definitely come to scold him by now.

He flops back onto the bed with a sigh and gazes at his dormitory ceiling. It’s just as mesmerizing in the daylight as it is in the dark: Yaoyorozu’s paint job withstood that test easily, and the glow-in-the-dark stars are less a spectacle now than they are a promise of light the next time the room is too dark to make sense of. Maybe not nearly as aesthetically pleasing, but just as much a comfort.

Izuku draws a breath to psyche himself up, swings out of bed and immediately trips over Cat. Izuku yelps, clutching the edge of the nightstand to steady himself and Cat leaps up at the sound, nosing Izuku’s side and whining.

“Sorry, sorry, I’m fine.” Izuku waits until the ink trickles from the edges of his sight before scratching Cat behind the ears, panting. “Just, forgot you were there. Sorry. I didn’t hurt you, did I?”

Cat is up and moving just fine, and Izuku hadn’t stepped on him, and overall he seems more worried for Izuku than hurt, so Izuku just scratches him behind the ears one last time, re-psyches himself and straightens up.

“Just gonna get my Quirk Suppressants,” Izuku murmurs, “then I’ll be in bed again, don’t worry.” Glitch is being startlingly tame, considering what typically happens with him and these fevers. Maybe he’s gotten so used to it that turning it in on himself has less effect now. “I’m fine.”

Cat continues to be a skeptic, nosing Izuku’s side worriedly. In hindsight, Izuku should’ve had enough foresight to leave the Quirk Suppressants on the side table so Cat can bring them to him, but no—this would be the one time he leaves it in the top drawer of his dresser. Go figure that.

He gives Cat a final comforting pat and staggers toward his dresser, swallowing reflexively against the saliva in the back of his throat. It isn’t nausea, just dizziness, grogginess and the overwhelming need to lay down and stay down until the spell passes.

He fumbles around to get the drawer open, finally managing and withdrawing the syringe. Mom just got the prescription filled for a new set of Quirk Suppressants; he can’t help but pause whenever starting fresh with a new batch. A contemplative pause, maybe even a reflective pause, as he stares at the vial and thinks of how far he’s come—and how much farther he needs to go.

He sanitizes the needle and injection point, but just as he’s about to administer the suppressants, he catches something in his reflection, in the mirror over the dresser. It starts with a double-take and is chased by disbelief; but the resting verdict has him moving closer, staring himself in the eyes.

Green eyes. His eyes are green.

Izuku stares. He stares for so long it worries Cat again, and it’s not until Cat presses his head against Izuku’s knee that he snaps out of it. 

“Sorry,” Izuku says, smoothing a hand down Cat’s head, “it’s nothing, I’m…” He looks at his reflection again. Flushed, with dark-circles under his eyes and the sickly pallor of someone who doesn’t feel well, but his eyes are green.

It’s no wonder he didn’t feel Glitch. It isn’t active.

Izuku hesitates between his reflection and the syringe in his hands, before finally releasing it into the drawer, closing it tight, and retracing his measly steps so he can faceplant the bed. A double-pat at the space next to him and Cat leaps to curl at his side, head landing with a thud on Izuku’s chest.

He’d planned to sleep, but now his heart is racing, leaping, and he can’t so much as close his eyes without feeling the jitters drip into his very bones. Tell someone. He wants to tell someone, he wants to tell everyone— Aizawa, Kirishima, Mom (god, god, Mom, she’s going to be so happy), Eri (hope, it’ll be hope, she’ll learn to control her Quirk someday, too), the rest of Class 1-A, Toshinori. It’s excitement he didn’t think he was capable of feeling, like finish-line tape snapping around your waist after the longest marathon of your life.

His life’s been a marathon, actually. From the day he was born until now it’s been a never-ending marathon of gasping for breath and struggling forward, sprinting some moments and dragging others. But this—this is a breakthrough he didn’t think he’d ever have. This is proof of how far he’s come and proof of how far he can go.

After not a lot of thought, he dials and presses the phone into his ear, heartbeat leaping with ferocity that bleeds into his hands and causes them to tremble. Two rings later, it clicks.

“Hello?”

“Tenko. Something happened. You got a minute?”

“I’ve always got a minute for my cousin. What’s up? You sound happy.”

It took that word for Izuku to realize it, but his cheeks hurt, his heart fills to overflowing and he beams. “I am.”
Notes:

    Find me on tumblr, and check out this fic's TV Tropes page!

    Also, as always, a huge thanks to my ever-patient beta reader, ChiwiTheKiwi. Thanks for putting up with me!!

Series this work belongs to:

    Part 1 of Reverse Villain AU

Works inspired by this one:

    [podfic of] Live a Hero by Dr_Fumbles_McStupid

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Bookmark Comments (6734) 

Kudos

taeggukgold, Werewolf7905, sans_sol_iloquy_911, museofthemeadowlark, Piunhii, Micromonkeyg, DarkScales, Glitched_Book, YellowTiedscarf, MrChar3lston, Sola_Stella, smol_lil_demon, StarlightMoonglow, Skygold, tinynix, i_need_a_life_please, I_am_not_paid_enough_for_this_shite, Bunbum, Duskkit, Galxay_phonix212021, FandomBinge, makeaboomboom, OscarVulpes, Jandsean, P1sd0nTLETth1s, LittleLady0919, Animeisbetter123, Str8rippin312, LittleStarie, SoulOfStars, Lisypie, Emperor_Froggy, Ophelia_lover, Schnufkin, katiekat12_134, Squish_Kaiju, Twtsy, babyl3l3, JustASleepySpirit, Wolfninja410, Aikyyyy, UnfilterdCoffee, queenofdessert, BeaniesBooks, SeizaDosei, Gallagher, Xetron, MBT3, theyummybookworm, Nostralux, and 9116 more users as well as 8859 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment
Comment as fictionfruit

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    Customize
        Default
        Low Vision Default
        Reversi
        Snow Blue
    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.410.2
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

